My professor made me watch this and I loved it !!!!!!! #savethearth
What did he think would happen.  Get more boats and when that's not enough get another one
We deserve it. All of us are to blame. Unless you lived a pre-industrial lifestyle, you are part of the problem.  I am part of the problem.  Insanity is the human condition.
Then, is humanity cancer of the planet earth?
Total B. S.
Corporations and billionaires have profited off this planet long enough
The world has to get a grip on keeping the population in check. That is the key to it all.
STOP PLATFORMING ECO-FASCISTS SUCH AS EHRLICH!!  Continuing to give the spotlight to bad faith actors like him not only detracts from the attention given to more honest and ethical environmentalists who HAVEN'T hinted at a racist Eugenics approach to controlling overpopulation (when it is ironically White populations that most need to reduce their birth-rates: as one child born to a White family in the developed world is likely to have 20x or more the ecological footprint of a brown baby in the Global South...), it strengths Far-Right movements broadly and weakens the environmentalist movement as a whole.
I'm sorry, Mother Earth.
"We've paved Paradise and put up a parking  lot"😢
Am I wrong for thinking that this is super cool and exciting?
The problem is that , even if they protect what's left of the rainforest. it's still not enough. It would be like trying to fit South America or Mexicos entire human population in an area as big as Columbia.
1 day soon the planet will die because of humans and to much population
1800 gallons of water to produce 1 lb of meat.
Ugh same old same old
personally, i think the pandemic gave us some time... maybe just a few years which is negligible in the grand scheme of things
P r o p a g a n d a    Even if we had Zero emmisions, we’d still die, because food will run out
have more kids they say lmao
Human greed will eventually wipe out the planet
Yah right
Capitalism is the Cancer of the Planet that is eating itself
1.5 billion sustainable anything after that we are overpopulated. 539,000 proper population. After the big rock hits around 62 maybe we will wise up. 87% of life will be gone.
I'm life. Don't break my peace
overpopulation isn’t a concern in the scientific community… not anymore… mistakes are made, corrections too!  Edit: again, there ain’t too many of us, it’s just that 1/3 of us is consuming too much while the other 2/3 are trying to catch up with us…. capitalism is destroying nature, not overpopulation!
We all love our mothers, so why not Mother Earth, the Great Mother of All?
We humans evolved from apes and became the most successful species in the animal kingdom. Our Earth is in a balance. The Amazon Rainforest is responsible for absorbing all the moisture and carbon dioxide on Earth. In fact, 20% of Earth’s oxygen comes from the Amazon. The Arctic is responsible for reflecting the Sun’s rays back into space while the ocean is responsible for absorbing the Sun’s heat. If the Amazon keeps getting cut down, more carbon dioxide will be in the air, making the Earth hotter, causing the Arctic to melt faster than usual. Permafrost will melt and release methane, which can trap more heat than carbon dioxide. If the Arctic melts, many coastal areas and islands will be flooded. And the ocean won’t be able to absorb all that heat as it warms up, causing corals to bleach. This has caused climate change which has affected many animals around the world, and it won’t be long until it affects us too. The weather will also become more unpredictable. Pretty soon all life on earth will be extinct, including us. And Earth will become just as lifeless as all the planets in our solar system. 99.9% of all life on Earth have gone extinct during Earth’s creation 4.6 billion years ago. We’ve been responsible for many animal extinctions, but eventually we’ll be the ones joining them if this keeps up. And we’ll be facing another mass extinction unless we do something about it. And we have to do it as soon as possible before it’s too late.
Many people in this comment section do not understand science and research
Stop lying to people
Fake News
People often believe humans will advance to a point where its the common sci fi world. Me? I think we'd all be dead long before that.  A good thing is though that Earth will survive, and it will breathe an enormous sigh of relief that we're finally gone.
Planting tomatoes eggplants peppers etc (warmth lovers) near brick block  concrete etc absorb heat then radiates back to plants
Stop eating meat
It's is flabbergasting how we discuss and describe this mass extinction without including ourselves.
We already know you're a bunch of corrupt liars so it's your lie Tell like you want it
That's why I'm so relieved when I'm hearing about fertility rates are going down. We need our numbers to go down and new means of energy production.
Hurry along children,if 2 years ago you could see now,hurry children,the quiet earth is coming....
Drive on the hwy for 100s, 1000s of miles and all you see is land!! and the grizzlies left Cali because they couldn't afford the high taxes or the crazy home prices !!
The answer is actually pretty simple - don't have kids. We are the problem, but we keep reproducing. We put our own desire to have a family above all else because we either want to, the government manipulates us to think we have to for economic reasons, or we see it as a human right while, at the same time, we cry and say 'something must be done'. We blame deforestation; we blame plastics, we blame fossil fuels, but here's a reality check: we cut the forest down because WE need more space to live and house all those kids people keep having; WE switched to plastics to stop deforestation but plastic killed the animals, so people are back to promoting paper-based recyclables; fossil fuels are only mined and burnt for fuel for OUR purposes. We are a cancer on this planet, and we keep multiplying on this planet like one too - literally destroying our host. I'm not saying that not having kids will stem the issues, but it will eventually make a big impact if more people don't.
We are the destroyer of worlds.
Thank you all for seeing more than what meets the eye🙏🙏🙏
You Two are Beautiful ❤Thank you for ALL YOUR HARD WORK❤ WE NEED TO ENLIGHTEN THE WORLD FOR THE 🌎 🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
It will be 4 billion in 30 years. No more trouble
7:00 only California bears on flags // green revolution prevented
Noooooooo. Soylent green is people….
The Treaty With Mother Earth. The Preamble. We, the signatories to the Treaty, hereby state that the following treaty that we are entering into with our planet Earth on the 10th day of August in the year 2012, will be binding upon us and all of our descendants. The sole purpose of the treaty is to empower the common person to save our planet Earth and to continue our survival as a species for future generations. The treaty will combine our collective voices ...to force the governments of the world to do what is vital to save our planet Earth and us. The organization born from this treaty will be known, from this day forward as the W.O.R.D.  The Declarations.  We, the signatories to the treaty with planet Earth, hereby state that the following declarations are binding to us all and only changeable upon the event of a new treaty being made and signed by all the signatories of this original treaty, unless they are deceased.  1. From this day forth we will lobby all levels of our individual countries Governments to legislate acts of parliament or pass local bi laws that will,  (a) Abolish industrial and combustion engine pollution by abolishing the use all of fossil fuels.  (b) Abolish all products waste by enforcing the standard of all products be reusable or recyclable.  (c) Abolish the use of pesticides, insecticides and all forms of carcinogenic chemicals.  (d) Abolish the dumping of all wastes in the waterways and soils of the planet.  (e) Abolish the harvesting of native trees in all forest areas.  (f) Enforce the strict control, equal sharing of and sustainable usage of all foods.  (g) Enforce the strict control, equal sharing of and sustainable usage of all land.  (h) Enforce the strict control, equal sharing of and sustainable usage of all resources.  (i) Enforce the strict control of sustainable population growth.  2. We, the signatories to this treaty, on an individual level, do solemnly promise to  Love all living creation.  Do to all living creation the things we would have them do to us.  See all living creation as part of each one of us.  Do all our work for the benefit of all creation.  Nurture and harmonize with all living creation.  Follow a simplistic lifestyle and live in harmony with nature.  The Consequences:  If we do not fully and truly follow the treaty we sign today, the 10th day of August in the year 2012, with the planet Earth, then the only scenario that can happen is the destruction of our planet and us. We must ensure that all governments all over the world will follow this treaty as we will do. We are all here to protect, comfort and care for this entire world and all that exists on it. This world, and all that is on it, is a gift, our garden of physical life. Without our world of nature, we have no life.
The Treaty With Mother Earth. The Preamble.  We, the signatories to the Treaty, hereby state that the following treaty that we are entering into with our planet Earth on the 10th day of August in the year 2012, will be binding upon us and all of our descendants. The sole purpose of the treaty is to empower the common person to save our planet Earth and to continue our survival as a species for future generations. The treaty will combine our collective voices ...to force the governments of the world to do what is vital to save our planet Earth and us. The organization born from this treaty will be known, from this day forward as the W.O.R.D.  The Declarations.  We, the signatories to the treaty with planet Earth, hereby state that the following declarations are binding to us all and only changeable upon the event of a new treaty being made and signed by all the signatories of this original treaty, unless they are deceased.  1. From this day forth we will lobby all levels of our individual countries Governments to legislate acts of parliament or pass local bi laws that will,  (a) Abolish industrial and combustion engine pollution by abolishing the use all of fossil fuels.  (b) Abolish all products waste by enforcing the standard of all products be reusable or recyclable.  (c) Abolish the use of pesticides, insecticides and all forms of carcinogenic chemicals.  (d) Abolish the dumping of all wastes in the waterways and soils of the planet.  (e) Abolish the harvesting of native trees in all forest areas.  (f) Enforce the strict control, equal sharing of and sustainable usage of all foods.  (g) Enforce the strict control, equal sharing of and sustainable usage of all land.  (h) Enforce the strict control, equal sharing of and sustainable usage of all resources.  (i) Enforce the strict control of sustainable population growth.  2. We, the signatories to this treaty, on an individual level, do solemnly promise to  Love all living creation.  Do to all living creation the things we would have them do to us.  See all living creation as part of each one of us.  Do all our work for the benefit of all creation.  Nurture and harmonize with all living creation.  Follow a simplistic lifestyle and live in harmony with nature.  The Consequences:  If we do not fully and truly follow the treaty we sign today, the 10th day of August in the year 2012, with the planet Earth, then the only scenario that can happen is the destruction of our planet and us. We must ensure that all governments all over the world will follow this treaty as we will do. We are all here to protect, comfort and care for this entire world and all that exists on it. This world, and all that is on it, is a gift, our garden of physical life. Without our world of nature, we have no life.
Vegan here! Hi everyone!
Can someone take Trump for a trip to help him realize what he is doing when he signs those executive orders against our world. 😢😢
Well the problem is is people are going everywhere and ruining everything, and now the rich like mark Zuckerberg are rounding up elk and deer populations without authorization and injecting them with mRna and ruuning the organic side of wild animals the rich and the populus and corporations are destroying are wild areas
Plato said this would be number 5.
Humanity has become a natural calamity.
Although it will take a million years, I just like to say, it is a pleasure and a blessing to have live on earth
Yes the elites are wiping us out
Now
Dont speak tonthe leaders ,ther just on power killing trip , they live for money ,talk to the pepole  in general and they will takecare of it but they need genuin smart pepole agresión them not ,politics
The only reason this is true is due to the super wealthy, controlling the narrative.
We don’t know for fact if we’re in an extinction scenario
Being the richest person in the cemetery just does not hold any weight anymore........GET A CLUE HUMANITY!!
Liberal BS
This awful, unforgivable and not reversible 😔
Vertigo.
pajeets fault.
Being greedy cutting down forces running the animals out and now I'm complaining
What I don't understand is this world have been in your hands yeah I thought you owned the world but what have you done with it nothing the destruction of this world is when your hands so busy worried about being racist he wasn't looking out for the world play very well that she thought you owed
Stopping abortions didn't help and drill, drill, drill of don the con won't help. GOP will say it's a lie just for a buck😢😢😢😢😢😢
And yet so many are in denial.. praying for all beings 🙏🏽🙏🏽🙏🏽
Instead of having old people crying wolf, make an eppisode with young people and fast forward to 2090 using AI and accurate predictions of pop density, polution warnings,  water prices and power and water rationing, controlled population movement, food suplimentation by insects and "alternative protine" farming,... just to name a few of the looming issues.
Been hearing this since in 60’s and it been wrong for 60 years.
Not too many people, too much consumption. Check out the biggest polluters, Eat meat 1 day less a week, use canvass shopping bags, overthrow the government, eat less dairy, localize your food expenditure, eat the rich, consume mass quantities, do not ever look up the definition of hegemony, stop reading because reasons, and hey, who owns big chicken in the USA and why does it get shipped to Asia frozen to be unfrozen processed, then refrozen and sent bak to us for chicky chiky nugs?   BASED
I'm 75 and a lefty. My mom was a lefty but was forced to be right handed. Her hand writing was awful.  My brother is also a lefty. We both are also ambidextrous in many things. We are both very creative... him in music and me in arts/crafts. I am also dyslexic.
Why would you say “If the science is right” when the evidence is proven time and time again?  Very irresponsible.
Could it be Capitalism?
Yup, Poison, Plastic and Poop in an endless stream.....
We were never meant to last... just an infitesmal step in universal change.
After the animals disappear all of us are next
One child per family. For the next decade.
And Trump and his billionaire buddies want to destroy what is left of our natural world all in the name of money.
Have been saying humans are the planets biggest blight for decades now....For decades now they have very much made me look like i know what im talking about....
I attended a cautionary address by Dr Paul Erlich at the U of Minnesota in 1972 & to this day still keep a copy of his "The Population Bomb" within arm's reach at my bedside. In early December of 2024 I turned 71 yrs old (my Biblical three scores & ten) & still (since 1972) use a bicycle as my primary means of terrestrial transport --- I've not driven a gas powered vehicle since the late '80's --- so I'm confident that I've contributed a miniscule part (actual or exemplary) in showing that personal life-styles can be adjusted to afford the planet a livable environment. I've never married (perhaps another reason for my clear conscience)😄 & I sleep very soundly at night. Thank you, Dr Erlich, for always fighting the good fight, but I strongly sense your forewarned day of reckoning's just around the corner.
I remember  the fireflies
People are so gluttonous, we hunt, fish, grow, and gather way more than we need, so much food goes bad and we make tons of electronics, cars, clothes, and appliances than people even buy…then it all gets wasted.
And there's a big push for people to have more babies
BECAUSE GREED DEEDS ACTIONS FROM MAN.....MANY THINGS EXSTINK....ENCLUDING MY CHILDREN.!❤
Fake news!!
If something ain’t done about climate change; this fate awaits all of us!
Hahaha bull crap.
I've always asked this question. When does progress and growth start to become unsustainable?
start traveling by vehicle cross country and you will see how empty it is
The Chinese planting the desert but the American continued to developing land to build houses big houses that cost 800000$
Need to ask big developers to donate money bec they are the one show cut down tree to build houses big houses that not necessary
With each passing day this seems much more likely.
P. Urlich has been consistently wrong ever since he wrote The Population Bomb.  Watchers of this video should Google " the Julian Simon Bet" where he lost a bet related to scarcity.
Wrong: fifth.
Drive down i84 and see how the Indians fish. Most go to waste. But that's the treaty agreement 😢
Humans and animals will learn how to adapt to environmental changes until we no longer can. The earth will be a better option than Mars for the foreseeable future. Every human generation thought the world was coming to end within their lifetime (how morbid). Today's story tellers are good.
Excellent alarming report
Is going vegan the answer? Just asking, since it seems to live plant.
Fake news, just like their Trump reports. They lack credibility now
If earth were a body humans would be a virus…
so humans are a virus is what your saying?
3.38 members subscribed- let us all do our part 😢
The 6th Mass Extinction      Human activity is killing nature at an unprecedented rate. We are now experiencing the consequences in the form of a sixth mass extinction.     What is a mass extinction?     Extinction is a part of life, and animals and plants disappear all the time. About 98% of all the organisms that have ever existed on our planet are now extinct.    When a species goes extinct, its role in the ecosystem is usually filled by new species, or other existing ones.    A mass extinction event is when species vanish much faster than they are replaced. This is usually defined as about 75% of the world's species being lost in a short period of geological time - less than 2.8 million years.
Finally, someone besides me saying it!!!  The planet will be fine.... As soon as humans become extinct.
sir, sirr..SIRR......SIRR, just ask lelie sthal, fake news, fake reporters, fake information. You get more accurate information from Mad Magazine
Well all we eat is chicken raised on a farm 😂 Here in Ohio theirs deer everywhere, squirrels, raccoons, ground hogs,turkey everywhere.
It seems to me that 98% of all human endeavors are 100% about perpetuating humans desires for food, comfort, leisure and entertainment etc. We are behaving like 12 year olds whose parents have gone away for the weekend. Societal solipsism unrestrained, out of control.
Each commentator receives a check from George Soros for $500,000 annually. Pollution was much worse back in 1970.
so long as humanity is still alive, we still must fight the climate disaster.
Trump and his stupid  staff don't understand science....
Ants and humans...the 2 most invasive species on the planet. Hard to make significant changes when half of the population doesn't think there's anything wrong. In the movie Interstellar, the only thing left that can grow is corn. The film is fiction but an all-corn future is a very real possibility.
YUSSS!!!
I blame Reagan and the 80s. We were doomed the moment greed was changed to a value.
Bs
Absolutely Larky, the entire solar system is being affected. This is not because of over population or cow farts.
We’re killing ourselves.  The planet will survive and flourish once we leave.
Thanks Boomers
Humans. The first species in the history of the Earth to be able to destroy the Earth. the funny part of this is.... we think we are smart.
its the chemtrail program that is doing the worst damage. the nano particles on aluminum oxide strontium and barium fall to the ground and clog up the roots of all plants so they cannot get water into the plant. they say it is to control global warming but the funny thing is that in contaminated soil from chemtrails makes it so only monsanto seeds will grow. control the food supply and you control the masses.
George Carlins  dark comedy bit in this special ,  john denvers  To the wild country also
And now we have elected in the US a president that will further our demise. Terrible..
So lets all have some more kids.
Humans bad. The true invasive species.
More fake news by MSM
Because human activities are the major cause of climate change ...
We witness the effect of climate change its time to all leaders of all nations to be united to implement a one child policy to reduce the human population ...
IT IS NOT THE EARTH KILLING OFF THE LIVING. IT IS THOSE WHO ARE SPRAYING US WITH CHEMICALS FROM ABOVE... THEY CALL IT GEOENGINEERING AND IT IS ON PURPOSE. THEY ARE LYING TO YOU. IT IS A DELIBERATE DEPOPULATION AGENDA WHICH HAD BEEN IN PLAY FOR DECADES. CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY.
Literally trading dollars today for a lifeless tomorrow, our grandchildren and great grandchildren will suffer for our arrogance and greed !!!
If you order the wrong meal at a restaurant, they'll usually throw it away, so people don't value the life of others imo
If science is right.
When the people of this country have the chance to vote for leaders trying to preserve the earth, they don’t .
CBS news is a such a lair and the earth is not going anywhere. The animals move around and don’t stay in one area.
So u telling us Thanos was right all along!
They have known this forever we, the hopi, told the Americans that this happened.
Maybe they could tax us some more to help????
If the powers that be would stop spraying us like bugs, this wouldn’t be happening.
The only thing to fear is fear itself , Darwin was right when he said "EVOLVE Or DIE OFF" Humans will adapt or because extinct , so the rich are the least adaptable and the poor will inherent the earth
The Future Of Humanity      A New Message from God has been sent. It is necessary now, for humanity cannot see what is coming.     Humanity is unprepared and does not realize the need to prepare. It is living with a misunderstanding of its circumstances, and it cannot see the fruits of its actions or the future consequences of it’s impact upon the natural world.    Technology has become our new religion, our new god that will save us from everything, or so we think. But our technology cannot prepare us for the Great Waves of change, and it cannot prepare us for our encounter with difficult forces from the universe. Humanity knows not of its strength or its weakness. It is because of this that it is so vulnerable now.
And it's all caused by humans. The first mass extinction not caused by natural causes and magats say it isn't happening. The human species is fatal to all the other species, we are in incurable cancer/virus. Correct, we aren't killing the planet, we are killing the environment, and consequently, most of the living organisms that live on the planet. It'll only be really small organisms that will survive. Then nature will have the chance to recover and hopefully nothing like the human species re-emerges.
Small price to pay.
What ever happened to keep it simple stupid. that's all I can say. I'm sure I created a lot of trash. I only had 1 child. She has had none and will not. I clean up after myself. Try to recycle. Hate processed foods.
The earth can EASILY sustain over 20 billion!
This is terrifying.
Trump’s win only confirmas that Americans don’t care anymore about the environment!! Sad but true $
We need world wide birth control laws mandated immediately!!!!!!
I don't think the rich an the politicians understand when native American proverb stated that after the last tree is cut and the lakes are all poison after the last fish is caught you will find money cannot be eaten
There's alo of unused land
The Very Reason ecosystems are failing is due to raw sewage, being dumped into the lakes, river, streams, and wetlands etc here in the USA, and around the world before the wastewater is treated and cleaned, this has been going on for the past 100 years and now it is displaying the ill effects of E-coli; listeria, and other disases that harm the environment, wildlife, and the human population. Something has to be done today in 2024, 2025, etc.
Mother earth will abort us humans long before we abort her. We will be long forgotton history
Please stop developing to our detriment.
Fake newsssssss
Animal Ag must stop. We could recover so much land and work towards reestablished forests, soils, and nature. Carbon sequestration is a must we have destroyed to feed livestock.  There is no planet B
We need world wide birth control too many people on this earth!
Earth is about 4.4 billion years old. We’ve been here for about 10,000 of those years. We are not a threat to this planet. Not in the slightest
We’re not killing the planet, we’re killing our way of life.
Way too many, using way too much...The Piper will be paid, and very soon.
the bees are disappearing and other insects
Anybody that has been paying attention in the 20 some years or so just about every kind of creature has eather gone exstint or is is endangerd you dont have be a sientist to see .
😢😢😢😢😢 we need to open our eyes America and world. We need to take care of Mother Earth. She has taken care of us. It’s time the we put greed aside and only take what we need to survive . This hurts my heart that we are so greedy. If each person does that “ one thing” like shorter showers, collect rain water. Bring your own shopping bag. Walk to the store instead of drive, or carpool, Recycle ect. these are just small things but if everybody does that “One thing” maybe just maybe we can start reversing some of the damage we have caused. 😢😢😢
Today Oct 2024 the real population of the world is under 7 billion. Remember it was 8.2 billion. Depopulation, Deaseases, Wars, Homicides, and Climax Changes has never stopped since 2008.
See thats the problems mony mony mony.
Im quitting my job and all my crap.
Stop dam fishing for money,,,you are the one destroying the planet..just dam fish to sustain your life
Why don't you tell the government to stop spraying aluminum, barium and strontium in the skies... Might be a good start to conservation.
The chart that was shown displaying prior extinction events indicated that every 100,000 years there is a mass extinction event. It showed that it has been 100,000 years since the last mass extinction event. So we are due for another one. What makes us think that there is anything within our power to stave off the coming event?
Is there enough farm land to feed 9bn people. We need 18bn acres for this.
💯
Sectoral conflicts is everywhere killing the livelihood in communities around the globe . Technological , commerce , and industrialization prefer for no rain policy that negate agricultural aim . Most of these activities have caused so much environmental harm on crisis that scorched down agricultural cultivations , while agricultural activities and industrial plants were discharging so much toxicities to soil , water and air for amounting environmental pollutions causing areas to become dead out of living organism . Deforestation that caused the ilimanation of the only natural greenery functiona to stabilize cosmic and man-made radiations but now is gone as well as wild life habitat where pathogens , viruses , genomes and chaos among wild life do occur , but , now everything were transfered to human conditions affecred highly on conflict , crisis , diseases and more aspects of regretful outcomes , and here we suffered most for the total outcome as fruits of our selfishness . We cant live alone as human , but by the function of our twins , the forest that give us life through water
Caused by humans.
It's interesting that they're concerned about the water and the animals and the biodiversity. Assuming that humans will have to struggle with diminished resources, the point is the humans caused it. So when the humans are gone everything will rebound. Joe, the end game for this is humans need to be gone. But it's not a problem because we're very good at that and within a few decades we will be the ones experiencing mass extinction and the rest of the Earth can get on with its business
Always sad to watch these kind of shows
Humanity is a cancer on the host, earth.
Yeah, not really news. We all know we're the danger.   “No, you clearly don't know who you're talking to, so let me clue you in. I am not in danger, Skyler. I am the danger”.  “A guy opens his door and gets shot, and you think that of me? No. I am the one who knocks!”.
dont watch mainstream media!!!!! its all fake
stop with all the lies the world is bigger than people are told they all the laws and regulation to keep people huddled together so they can force there will upon people the Bible tells us that the just shall live by faith not fear not money not by all the lies beging told but by faith
Nothing our government does surprises me. They are the biggest threat of all!
Interesting ...five more Earths  or five dimensions... Sound familiar... The goal is to get to the 5th dimension... I believe that's where we all  love instead of fighting.  . A world where no STDs exist... That's where I want to be
The wwf that kicks indigenous out of their own forests in the name of conservation
Witnessing a self mass extinction by our slow destruction, “ of our own making.”Powers in the hands of a few. Making the wrong choices, no checks allowed by the people, changing our humanity. For the better or worse? You see the patterns?
Damn right we’re alarmed!
Consumania
Go watch the documentary Racing Extinction.
Humanity trying to move to mars to destroy another planet.  After all now the natives are not looking so uneducated and savage after all.
The Salmon are disappearing in Alaska right now.  Yet nothing is being done about it.  Fish and Game...not doing a damn thing.  NOAA....nothing at all.  They are all letting it happen.
I’m afraid it is inevitable for a plot to eliminate 1/2 of the world’s population.😢😢😢
Man will hunt man cause there will be no more game. 😂
Pollution. Human activity in the wild. Illegal dumping of human waste. It's over. Time for man to expire.  They should have put a stop to over population knowing it would overcome this small world. If you don't learn from the past your condemned to repeat it😮
Wow no more grisly bears 😢
Can Trump join this extinction? Please?!!
Did you hear trump’s speech on fresh water and why are we letting all of the fresh water flow to the ocean 🌊 he has no idea how the environment works 👎🤪
Unfortunately we have a  huge evangelical population in the USA 🇺🇸 that believe in the end of times and that god will make the earth whole again or they will be in heaven and don’t have to worry about it 🤪👎
I've said it before, we are now the new dinosaurs.
The comershel fishermen of Florida can relate to the salmon fishermen in danger of losing their livelihoods because of over fishing . We the comershel fishermen help feed the world , with no help from the government. Gill  net fishing in Florida has been band for over 30 years, three along the Gulf of Mexico gill net fishing is  legal the ban in Florida is great for them , fishing in my family goes to my great grandparents late 1700's .
So glad I don't have kids ...we have ruined our planet ...
This is a state of emergency 🚨 where are our governments action ?!?!
We need the Earth, it doesn't need us, and sadly, it would probably be better off without us.
Not true !
some truth mixed in with mostly propaganda,
And people still are against abortion...
Corporate Greed: Money Matters!! Lives Do Not!!!
I would say it's primarily the destruction of wild habitats from construction, farming, roads, and pollution. So much land is being developed that wild animals have no place to live, so they're pushed out. And pollution, like companies dumping harmful chemicals into rivers, is also a major factor. Fishing and hunting also play a role as well obviously.
Strange how humans think that they are separate from Nature and the great extinction will not touch them ….. its like watching a car sliding on ice towards destruction
BS
Humans are the most destructive force on the planet.  I don't think we can do it.
How do we know this is all true? Oh its on tv so i guess it must be.
I live on the beach in Asia. First job in the morning clear the beach of; Plastic bottles Old flip flops and plastic shoes. Plastic of all shapes and sizes Polystyrene Galore Tooth brushes Old lighters. Etc etc Cities expand..indigenous people's get moved off their lands to build dams which flood historic tribal lands and rivers act as a rubbish conduit straight into the sea. To find fresh water streams almost.impossible as countless homeless people invade the forests to find cheap shelter and wash clothes and themselves in the once pristine river..!! Carrying capacity 2 billion.. Hmmn..everyone rightly talks about genocide  but hardly ever about ecocide!! Supermarkets are filled with processed foods and tap water with chlorine Ahhhh...the natural world..u can't beat it!!
wholly smokes a plan; less people= better living ,but since the government makes money of taxes that people pay, no wonder they want solar an electric cars. They make their money off taxes=people.
This is why covid 19 was released for population control.
Look into permaculture if you want to be part of the solution.  Visit a local permaculture garden or farm.  There are many amazing projects.   We need to develop new farming methods based on traditional practices that take care of the needs of the land, water, and people.  We are a force of nature for good or bad.  We know the industrial extraction model for profits for a small group of people is the root cause.  We can be the solution.
I'm choosing to be child-free in order to save the planet.
Certain civilizations never learned how to live in harmony with our planet. This is the result!
Nothing but the truth 😊
Taking for granted😢😢
So sad
Oh yeah and catastrophes happen regularly just look at a picture of the Grand canyon and the writing is on the wall quite literally just look at all the layers and how they changed dramatically in an instant that is not a gradual process and I'm pretty sure anybody with a phone can get right on Google Earth and all they got to do is zoom out a little bit and you will notice especially on the West Coast of North and South America that something really dramatic has taken place because anywhere there has been catastrophes there is usually desert left behind and when zooming back in look closely at the ripples that were left behind after the last major catastrophe even the mountain ranges and coastlines especially in South America look like a series of waves and in the geological record these events have happened on a regular basis and we are overdue but quantum physics says we have the ability to affect everything just by looking at it or being conscious of it and as crazy as that may sound it's been proven in different experiments several times over and quantum mechanics is the best scientific theory that we've come up with so far now we need to get rid of the standard model and implement the EU model AKA electric universe Go get you some of that at Thunderbolts project
I'm calling BS on all the scare tactics that the media uses non-stop the climate would be changing whether or not we were burning fossil fuels The amount of effect that we are having is insignificant and when they examined the ice cores they found that The Earth AKA Gaia  experiences warming and cooling events regularly and is on an upswing and when looking at the geological records there has been more life on Earth during the warmest times and overpopulation it's not our problem it's greed and selfishness of a few that wants us to think that there's not enough to go around and survival of the fittest is the only way when in reality the population is going down or will be dramatically very soon All you need to do is look at the sale of adult diapers in countries and the amount of babies being born and you should realize that there are not enough people being born to take care of the elderly and I can go on and on now don't get it twisted we've got s*** that we should be worried about but we're too busy being distracted by the mainstream news and the few at the top that own them and honestly I don't think you should believe me or then or anyone else don't trust any one person's opinion always get a second and third and 50 if you have to I think that's the best advice anybody could ever give anybody ever let's wake up people and speak with one voice and say or not playing this BS anymore and demand that these families that have taken advantage of us ever since the beginning of the industrial revolution and made fortunes that are disturbing and sickening to me especially when you realize that they've known for 100 years 0-point energy is real and there's a bunch of different ways to get it for free and not only sustainable but nourishing to the planet and the real news should be that mainstream science has just said everything has consciousness at a certain level The sun and planets are communicating and Gaia has the ability to change its direction and wipe its surface clean when it feels necessary and that sounds crazy but the real crazy is the fact that everything we've been taught is wrong and not just wrong the most wrong it could possibly be and that should tell you something we should be focused on getting in tune with the Earth and when you consider that everything in the cosmos is vibrating then you start to realize God or the universe or whatever title you want to put on it is singing love songs to everything in the universe and we are the only species out of tune and running amok
We have allowed corporations to run unchecked, keeping profits at the top of our concerns. It will be too late before anyone realizes. It is probably already too late to save the Earth that re rely on.
God has blessed American
Human beings have too many mental health problems to sustain themselves. One thing they don't tell you is that one of the reasons we're as smart as we are is because we got away from inbreeding somewhat when we started migrating. If you look at animals, some of them seem pretty smart but what keeps them from evolving is inbreeding.
"what a great great future they told us", i think it was a joke
Yea leave it to them to bait and switch. Real and only solutions stem from following God's guidance. We are also promised the majority will "not believe", so you can simply draw the conclusion. The individual can save oneself only and that is what is advised for mankind. The torch bearers are not leading and will not.
And whose responsible for this? Well there are two sides to a coin.
There are solutions but because we are a psychotic species those solutions will never come to pass we are to greedy , to tribalistic , to violent to ever properly put those solutions into any meaningful progress . We take what we want without any thought for the environment , and politics is just a bit scam . We say we have a party system but it's all a massive con we have democrats , republicans and other parties it's a free society but it's all a lie it's the same massive global companies that pays both sides they own politics which ever party wins it's exactly the same money behind it all they buy policies and laws and buy them in which ever means more profits for them big oil , but pharma and big defense contractors and those are the ones paying all party's full stop
The planet is not overpopulated we are densely populated it's land everywhere that's uninhabited.
If you prefer not to read or believe the Bible that we are in the last days, at least acknowledge the earth is showing it to us. Earth is spent. Accept it. Stop stressing about it.
Change effect of global warming thank you, prevent effect of global warming, New energy from sea will change world soon, minerals and temperature of water and air from sea are huge source of energy, reduce more than 50% using fossil fuel, fresh water, fertilizer(minerals+O2,N2,C), electricity,  zero pollution, I invented new method base on designing this machine, it  produces 150Megwatt/hour electricity and 20000M3/DAY fresh water and fertilizer, using power magnet of machine as catalyst to separate N2 and O2 from Air , economy will rise by using jet plasma machine that it compresses gas(hot Air) in isolated structure in water pool with more than 80 % efficiency, it has two vertical cylinders, without crankshaft, full auto control,  in first level it transfers compressed gas(hot air) temperature from engine to sea water(hot air  + compress's air temperature+ engine heat+ hot sea water)  in pool for steam electric generator, steam combines with high cold Air pressure( gas rules) to produce pure water and electricity , there are other source of energy that with international cooperation in coastline we can reduce effect of global warming, further more we can prevent these phenomena like cyclone and flood and wildfire , ocean water level by using this hot seasonal atmospheric condition, recent years in summer, geothermal energy happens in surface of coastline, there are many countries in coastline with seasonal hot weather and water condition in comparison with middle Ocean, its more than 12 degrees ,this differences must decrease, in sum-up, by using this energy not only is economical but also reduce global warming in countries like Japan, China, India, Mediterranean countries, Iran, Brazil, Mexico, Us, Canada, (Africa and Arabian countries....) . I invented new method base on air pressure rules and quantum physics ionization sea water minerals in strong dynamic permanent magnet(SMCO) with special frequency(1500or 3000)/minute bases on paramagnetic and diamagnetic particles and electrical microwave electron wave field and electric chemical reactions and photon wave from semiconductors with special angle Cations like(K+, Mg++, Na+, H+, H++, li+, H2, ..) are transferred to in the second level into up level by vacuum pump from storage into combustion chambers and they combine with O2 and N2 ,... as major part of fuel, they increase speed of machine, modern induct Gearbox to control speed of opposite direction, in the end point, dynamic magnet significantly reduces by air compressed,  it is controlled and stopped by maglev force and spring and hydraulic jack and opposite force from second cylinder, for producing electricity and fresh water (removed minerals by accelerate ionization system from sea water) and fertilizer. . 7 methods zero pollution for reducing global warming I mentioned in my profile. (G20 countries can solve these phenomena like injury and death, billions of US$ in global warming damages).
The world was meant perfectly hold far more humans than 8 billion
Everything evolves even the Earth no matter what we Little creatures do on this Earth not going to change that
We can stop having kids for a while (and stop paying ppl to have more kids). We're all set on ppl.
Any first year anthro student will tell you that throughout time extinction is normal, survival is what is rare.
Population is expected to level out by 2050, so that should help.
We were Warned and continued to Disrespect everything we've been given
The need to survive for the impoverished people of Mother Earth is Dwarfed by the Greed of the select few who hoard wealth and control.  Yes, the wealth might have been earned but that is as Rare as an Honest Politician.  Be wary of the Charismatic Thief seeking un-earned Wealth.
These scientists are not smart at all. We can farm animals and mas produce in a controlled environment. They are just not thinking. We mass produce for consumption, yet we can't mass produce to save animals from extinction? Its easy. Scientists are nothing but winers.
Really
Fallen off 94% since 1970s?  Fish are now hatched in nurseries,  trees also nursed for wood. There is ao much food that we just throw it away and or donate it and gift it.... Also have to educate on how and when to recreate having kids only when you are ready mentally and financially...basically just common sense
Suffering humanity.. Mass animal extinction events.. Crank up the good news 60 min ... Tell us how bad we are for having kids and how dare we question the science! Shame!!!
Well why aren't they doing anything about it it's their fault they're the ones who are building they are the ones that are demanding bigger places more stores why don't you live more like a person lived years ago very simple Off the Grid you didn't have to have six cars you don't have to have a mansion
Given that over 99% of of all species that have ever lived on earth over the last 4.6 Billion years are already extinct, I'm not optimistic about the current crop of humans. Pretty sure we're down to adapt or die...  as we always have been
to many of what races?
There is a reason aliens don't reveal themselves and watch us from afar in ships. Anyone of them that says "hey let's go down there" gets stopped and told "no.... No don't go down there." Lol
Unfortunately, humanity only thinks about the present day and with their pocket books. Tomorrow is someone else's problem 😢.
Thanos was Right!
CBS IS EXTINCT. SWIFT BOAT COURIC 2ND AMENDMENT
Always trust government backed by the media they control … sickening …
People adapt to changing conditions. The media loves stating the end is near. They have been saying that for many years and I wonder all these experts they interview are actually following what guidlines they want everyone else to follow which they probably aren't. I don't any of this bs that comes from this network.
Down to hours and you still want to f****** fish it!! Give it a damn rest find something else to do and something else to eat
I’m curious what caused the other 5 extinctions.
I don’t see any real information on the real problem, man government and their real case of waste o day abuse of human need, “WAR” destroying the environment, and lining the pockets of the few who lead the wars,political Willis todo away with humanity! The end is here, all should see the end of rule by men who rule  AGINST GODS WILL AND DIRECTION!
BS it’s all lies
No we aren’t we are being ex terminated
It's to many rich people able to waste to much. Not the number of people. Car makers and government regulations on things they shouldn't like produce.
Just remember....it's wasn't mentioned as a milestone that we hit 8 billion...it was a warning....we will soon all be considered expendable
I used to be able to stomach 60 minutes.  Now, I can't stomach their introductions.  What passes for science or discovery or breaking news is mostly something we already know rather than a discovery or an urgency.
More farming, cattle. Poultry plants cannery of meats. ,vegetable to match population and if need be limit families to 4 kids which sounds horrible looking to the sky is not the answer.
😅the stupidest thing is taking about going to another planet especially mars.you can't be serious.
Greed has led us into this predicament. We need to confront this greed mentality to overcome the crisis. We don't need billionaires; we should focus on building self-sustaining communities that only take what they need. Currently, we operate within a winner-takes-all system that views infinite growth as the ultimate measure of success. All the while ignoring the blinking Red Warning lights that could seal our fate. 😢
i thought it was covid
Nobody is having kids. Explain how this is possible now.
Basketball hockey 8 billion people will fit shoulder to shoulder front to back Innerspace just larger than New York City.   What it is is 8 billion people can't exist while simultaneously Rich companies are collecting enough resources to keep 12 billion people alive and then throwing half of it away because they can't make enough money off of it.   The Earth will sustain 10 billion people but not the way that we are doing it. If we were still raising our own food and tending to our own things instead of going to the store to have to buy them from some selfish man that's tour half of the earth apart trying to build them this would all work out
What’s funny is that every human on earth could fit (standing) in metro Jacksonville Florida
More propaganda!
Do you think the population will get to 20 billion,
It’s not global warming it’s bible prophecy  unfolding before your eyes people. We’re in for a heck of an earth challenge according to the Bible. Read the Bible it’s all been foretold.
Eventually, the last living human will draw it's last breath.
Over fishing is the main problem the more you pay the government the more you can catch
Thanos is right! 😂😂😂
Millions of years from now after we're gone, the next sentient beings who evolve will discover the remains of our existence.  I hope they can learn from our mistakes.  Maybe that's what it takes for sentient life to evolve further, for one sentient species to learn from past species failures.
don't believe it folks.
Natural selection has broken down and the Earth is in a decaying state...
If it wasn't for artificial food we'd be through
Too much waste
It already has
Instead of paying people to have a forest to keep the jaguar  just go to the rich people that supply money and put the jaguar in their backyard. That would be more efficient.
We have a fancy DNR in our area well they like to release otters and guess what they do eat all the fish out of everyone’s pond and then they go to the next one
LIFE!!! .-/
Thanks  RICH PEOPLE 😈😈😈
BUT YET ? WITH ALL THE ROCKETS INTO SPACE, ALL THE CORRUPTION IN CORPORATIONS.  THEY WILL LIVE LIKE KINGS. BUT YOU ? NO WAY. EITHER WE ALL GO THROUGH THIS HARDSHIP.  OR NON GOES THROUGH IT AT ALL .
Ears are deaf, eyes are blind it's are  own hands that cover them.
he said humans ruined the earth.  Not all humans, just the greedy and evil...over 500 nuclear test. testing poisons and starting wars, blowing up everything... Not all humans are guilty...
Well the human population collapse has begun. We will dropping to less than 1 billion.
Gotta make a law. Cant have more than 1 kid
2024 and birth rates are at an all time low…..we’re good
California (mentioned) <> World
Dont believe  anything corupt scientists hve to say follow the money n to prove my point how much land trees fauna n animal habitats r labor destroying for wind solar n useless hydro in Australia  including the protected platypus in eungella qld
I think not. Fear, fear, fear.
Id say Sir Elon Musk would disagree 😅
Greed greed greed is what is leading to many problems
Bright people are dropping like flies, being supplanted by voters and laypeople. It should end well for the planet but for humans not so much
A 200 million dollar industry and guess what the fish have gone,wonder how that came about?
be the change you want to see in the world- Mahatma Gandhi
World Wildlife can't do math or we wouldn't still be here. The earth is massive but it's corruption that won't feed the world and your willingness to fan the flames of fear is part of.
Conservation needs money it also needs healthy people yet  pharma continues to poison the world with medication due to its narcistic buisiness model,causing more resources to be spent caring for the damaged ones. The military industrial complex invests in destruction wasting millions as it cultivates destablisation and hatred,causing more wasted financial resources. Industry and banking work to handcuff us with smothering laws and fearmongers such as you send paralising messages of doom to our young people alowing misguided goverments to squander  our resources on panic solutions pushing the world toward more poverty with no thought for even putting trees and shrubs back on our road verges. As the world races headlong into population decline we can expect the conservation situation to get worse unless we can learn a beutifull practical vision for the future instead  of your pathalogical bull..... Just plant trees where we can. Help farmers to make money and give them insentive to beutify thair farms. All conservation needs to aim at improving relations with farmers who own most of the land .  Its not rocket science. As i see it as a rural dweller in Australia the extintion disaster is caused by mismanagment and under funding more than climate change.
People don't realize we are a parasite on this planet
Anyone that really knows Jesus and Father in Heaven, be at peace about your faith and living on for an eternity with the best company and biggest blessing ever, existing on with our creator, God! But it’s time for us to step up educating the masses about Him and the full love, peace, joy, true happiness, contentment, and it’s honorable to know Him for their personal understanding on how to live properly and be His good servants to serve others. This is better than it all being, all about me, me, me. We are talking about the 6th mass extinction that’s been underway since 1970! They youth and young adults have to be prepared to do all they can to heal the plant’s final 1/3 left per this knowledge! It’s my kids, their kids and their kids’ kids! We have to keep teaching the RIGHT things, stop wasting time with scrolling, get passionate and busy to bring this thing back around or die with Christ as our rock! ✝️🙏😇🥲❤️‍🔥😬
WHEN IT REACHES 14,000,000,000.. IT'S OVER
stop worrying. leave it to the all mighty, all knowing God. there's a God, yes?!
There's only one problem everybody wants to be rich and they will destroy anything to get there welcome to America
Earth systems critical to all life are on the verge of total collapse
Wait...population decline not increase..i thought anyway. Boomers moving on. The ocean's are rising so the water table will rise right? More water in the wells makes sense...
Sorry guys it's worse then that. Humanity has 18 days before the great reset. The world population peak was in 2018 at 9.176b ppl. Now we at 1750million world wide with 10million ppl dying a day since COVID began. Every country world wide Japan, China India all has drop to extinction lvls when then then the world with most populated countries including south and central America. All you have to do is open your eyes and see there ain't as much ppl in your home town as there used to be
I agree
Who wants to be the 1st to die to satisfy their agenda. Lets start with  the squeaky wheels. Our hosts
Has nothing to do with that.  We are in a polar excurssion.   An extinction level event. Why don't they tell you??? Because they have been preparing to save certain populations. For over 50 years... In underground cities.   But the majority of 8 billion people are not invited.   Don't panic. Just prepare for protection and collapse of food supply  You see ,,,,no one. Not even," them " are safe.
Hogwash
Hogwas
WTF EVER😂
as long as the people in charge are in charge this is what we have to look forward to
2040 END
We humans can mess anything up.
Jesus, said ! The earth and heavens shall pass away, but my words are external!❤
How To Live In Harmony With Nature And Reduce Pollution     1. Many Production  Which We Do Not Need Actually For Human Beings Has To Be Stopped  We manufacture so many products and it is creating pollution. So if we minimise our products, pollution would be less.  We produce so many things which we do not need, like cold drinks, leather products, potato wafers, chips, fruit juices, chocolates, biscuits, pickles, ice creams, etc.   Cold drinks, fruit juices, pickles, ice creams, etc. Should be cooked at home only.  If we stopped producing this things which are not required for humans, so much pollution could be reduced.  If we colour the clothes pollution occurs. So if we don't colour our clothes, the pollution resulting from colouring the clothes can be stopped. Let everything remain in natural colour.      2. We Should Cook Foods In Its Natural Form  We can cook rice and wheat in our homes and eat it. Rice and Wheat is produced in farms. Then it is packed and transported to big warehouses, then wholesalers buy from them and supply to retail shops.   But if a manufacturing company makes bread from rice and wheat, then to make bread a manufacturing company has to be set up, machines and working staffs are needed. When a company is built many other things are also needed. Then at last a plastic pack is required to pack the breads.  So if we start cooking eatable things in its natural form then we do not need many companies like bread manufacturing company, tomato ketchup, noodles, fruit jam, pizza, burger, etc., the things required for the company and the plastic pack, paper box pack and glass bottles. If done like this, so many companies will not be required and hence less pollution for the world.   Also we could save our money like this. If you buy a packet of bread, it would cost you more money than if you cook wheat and rice in home.  Previously before industrial revolution, we didn't have technology, but our foods were rich with nutrients. Now we have technology, but technology is polluting our foods and our foods are not rich with nutrients, and because of that also we have health problems.  If this is done, then many jobs would be lost. For that many peoples should do farming and they should be given loans if they do not have enough money to start farming on their own.  Food, Medicines, Surgeries and Education's should be made free to the world till the world settles down with farming. After that food, medicines, surgeries and education's should be stopped free to the world.  Many people should study botany subject so that they have knowledge of plants and they should do farming.  Is their any another solution, that humans won't lose jobs and also pollution would decrease. Humans have to take this step certainly instead of going on polluting the earth, making wildlife extinct and also mass extinctions of humans in future.     3. Electricity Pollution  We create electricity from many types of sources like coal, water, etc., but it creates pollution. If electricity created from windmill and solar energy then no pollution occurs in the creation process. But still to manufacture windmill and solar machines pollution would occur.  As I previously said that if we shut down many manufacturing companies which are producing things which are not needed for humans, then the world would not require so much electricity. If less electricity required, then less pollution generated.     4. Could We Stop Drinking Cow's and Buffalo's Milk  Whatever vitamins and nutrients we get from milk, if we can get it from other eatable things, then we can stop drinking cow's and buffalo's milk. As milk has to be packed in glass bottles and plastic packs and then transported to places. All of this can be stopped.   For infants whose mother's have died or mother's who cannot breast feed their infants, only for them cow's and buffalo's milk should be given. We use milk in tea and coffee. Instead of milk we must use coconut milk with tea.     5. How Much Should Be The World's Population  Every place should have a single house. No buildings, everything ground floor. If we do this and the whole lands of our planet earth would be occupied one day with homes, farms, forests, schools, hospitals, etc., then we would come to know how much our planet earth can have maximum population.   Once the population is determined, then we have to maintain that population. For example if our earth can have a population of 10 billion peoples, then when the population reaches 10 billion, then everyone should have only one child till the population reaches 9 billion peoples. As if we have only one child then the population decreases. When population is 9 billion peoples, then everyone should have 2 children's till the population reaches 10 billion peoples. After that again we should have only one child. In this way population can be maintained.
More climate change lies more government rules they Wana depopulate people read and look at agenda 2030 they want to take are fertilizers and keep us off state lands and forest all in the name of climate change
Man kind doesn't deserve a second chance 👎
United Nations • Climate change refers to long-term shifts in temperatures and weather patterns. Human activities have been the main driver of climate change, primarily due to the burning of fossil fuels like coal, oil and gas. Yea right 😂Human factor is 000,1% to this. This is complete BS by the governments and institutes. Climate has always been in change even in the ages of dinosaurs. Theres colder periods and warmer periods. We are in the warmer period now and human factor doesnt count actually. Its a lie to make new stupid rules and taxes on the population.
Greed causes need...there are billionaires, millionaires and super rich that became rich by investing....now that they made it....they horde up resources that would feed and house...yet greed and pride,,,stops them...the earth will destroy greed by killing off the population and start over again....greed is Antichrist.... God gives to others.., Satan takes from others....
We are all unique and amazing. Life is a miracle, the fact we are here is staggering. We are all made of stardust. The atoms in your left wrist came from a different supernova than the atoms in your right wrist. We are incredible. Our biggest issue now is protecting our habitat. We are the only species on Earth destroying our own habitat. There is no where else Humans can live.
Earth has plenty of resources the worlds governments however are the root of our problems
Can it start in DC at the Capital Building. Most of the politicians there remember the last extinction event.
Greed is what causes this , no conservation means no future
200,000,000 animals are killed every day. All processed meat is listed as a carcinogen. In 2006 50 percent of the methane released into the atmosphere was from the animal industry. It takes 1800 gallons of water to produce 1 lb. of beef. Dairy products remove more calcium from the body than providing it. We're overpopulated and need to thin the herd. The earth is heating up so fast that it is disruptive to weather patterns that has made it possible for life to exist for the past 10,000 years. The albedo effect is increasing heating up the planet the is causing loss of glacier ice and permafrost that we need to keep the planet cool.
Where all the birds go.  Migration bull  there dead due to poison yes poison were next.   All about money. We're dead just not yet. Unbelievable. Cardinals blue birds dove Keedees.  Roadrunners.  Hawks.  Robins.  Scissorstails.  Stop the poison  now.  Six max. We're the seventh but stupid we stupid we die.
God will destroy earth and there is nothing humans can do to stop it.
If the Africans stop eating bush meat and the Chinese anything that moves things would improve.
Tick tick tick.......
We need to create more artificial environments like man made islands and other structures of the like to compensate instead of brainstorming ways to lower human population. That would be extremely evil no matter how anyone looks at it unless those who participate in such would be the first volunteers to go.
And for the first (and last) time, Humans are on the list.
One year. Now. Its happening.  Very fast. All over. Humans lose. Nature will evolve.  We will starve to death.
Humans , animals , nature have its own pattern of changing.no one can not control it.never. Everybody should admit it.
Arrogance of humans. She'll be alright. Just like AI
❤
Thank you Mormons
I think the world’s governments are planning human population control
When i was growing up in CA , butterflies abound, insects everywhere...lady bugs, birds, deer...everywhere. I dont think i have seen a butterfly for 10 years!! This was in the 90s when i was a kid
Why don’t people believe what the Bible says anymore?  Matthew 24 :35-37 says:  Heaven and earth shall pass away, but my words shall not pass away. But of that day and hour knoweth no man, no, not the angels of heaven, but my Father only. But as the days of Noah were, so shall also the coming of the Son of man be.
“…according to scientists”,  and David Attenborough.
The solution is taxes and political alignment….according to the “scientists”
😢
Thank goodness there's no more grizzly bears
I can tell you how its gonna be done. Nuclear war, end of conversation.  Its comming. The big reset. Thats besides the satan and Jehovah war. Biblical times are amoung us.  The Amazon gungle is half gone.
SOLVE World hunger, end poverty, stabilize economies, end government corruption in 3rd world countries, end multinational corporate corruption, EDUCATE children globally. Do that and people in 3rd world countries will start to worry about their environment, wildlife, and natural resources. Right now, most of the world is focused on where to get clean water, the safety of their families, and worried on WHEN their next meal will be. Figure that one out, and the whole world will better curate this planet. If you live in the western world, YOU are blessed. YOU are part of the top 1-3% of people (yes even if you’re low income in the US or Europe) who live better than the rest of the world. There! I gave you people a head-start, I thought outside box, I free think for you… Figure out the rest.
*_134 degrees—Death Valley National Park,_* Furnace Creek, in Inyo County, California, home to the park's headquarters. According to the National Weather Service office in Las Vegas, the sweltering heat could creep close to the world record high of 134 degrees marked at Greenland Ranch in Death Valley on *July 10, 1913.*
The earth also murders. We go to death
If this is such a problem start putting some pressure on China, India and Russia where unrefined fuel and billions of people are polluting, no one ever mentions that they only go after the U.S where we have the cleanest burning fuel and highest regulations in the world and yet only 350 million people not 500 Billion people in those countries
Our civilization has to end it says it in the Bible just like the mayas the Aztec the Roman Empire it all has to end the only thing we can do is come to god and hope he lets us make it to heaven
Fake news. We're not even close to over-population, we're just overcrowding in the same places because it inconvenient to drive 2 or 4 hours to reach a convenient store for supplies. Wildlife is going extinct because of poaching and deforestation and the ignorance of world leaders on nature
We're mad the fish are depleting because we are depleting the fish. Western lifestyle is barbaric.
I don’t see what the problem is according to the graph we were shown at the start of this it’s playing out exactly the way it’s supposed to and this program has only aired because of the belief and arrogance the human race can change it not a chance in hell .
The Jaguars have rebounded to 600. Sadly, we will eat them too before we're gone😮
But republicans will say it dont exist!
It is up to the upcoming intelligent kids to make things right for Earth. I don't mean the progressives either. What they want is to keep going as is and make us all eat bugs.
The Earth is now fighting back and eliminating.
So... does Covid make sense now?
Its time we leave Earth behind
“My lifestyle and yours”? Well dammit change your lifestyle… he seems like he’s into eugenics. There’s other ways like living WITH nature and not against it…
CAP!!
Yes the 6 mass extinctions are: 1). Affordable housing; 2). Affordable groceries 3). Affordable energy costs 4). Transparent elections 5). Freedom of Speech and 6). Freedom from Crime.
The earth will be uninhabitable by the year 2060
Republicans say their is no global warming........it doesn't exist
They will still cut down the forest. Latin America is corrupt.
No wonder why they're trying to get rid of us 😢
Take away all the rich peoples toys, then we can talk.
I'm surprised you want to eat anything that comes from the water given the pollution your corporations pump out.  Still, you Americans love the money. Answer me this, if you had to choose between having less but living in a clean green world OR be a billionaire in the world as it is now, what would you choose? (PS we all know what you chose....Happy spending).
Humankind deserves a good asteroid 💯🤷🏻‍♂️💔 I wish I had lived in the 18th century  it would have been hard yes but too see the world in it’s pure form would have been breathtaking ❤❤
There are practical solutions that can be implemented and should have been decades ago. It is the myopic greed of the ultra-rich who use the power of their vast wealth to stiffle political change who are standing in the way. A few hundred millionaires and billionaires are responsible for obstructing meaningful reductions in greenhouse gases that are driving mass extinction and threatening all life on the ONLY life bearing, life sustaining planet in the entire known universe. How's that for stupid, greedy, self-destructive, narcissistic incompetence?    The LOVE of money truly is THE root of ALL evil, just as Christ taught 2,000 years ago. His words ring as true right now as they did then. We better start listening while we still have options that will reverse the mass extinctions that threaten our magnificent, abundant, and therefore sacred planet.
Multiculturalism globalism consumerism mass immigration the military industrial complex and the welfare state are allowing artificial population explosions of third world populations
Staralizing people air water medication food eviorment healthcare
Hey, 60 Minutes, you are just a little behind the game. This was talked about in my university lectures back in the late 1990s.
Bullcrap.
Bunch of Bull crap !
Fake
Build the Wall
THESE INVESTOR'S DON'T CARE ABOUT WILD LIFE ALL THEY CARE IS ABOUT MONEY 💵 EVERYWHERE YOU TURN YOUR HEAD YOU SEE CONDO'S AND WHO MOVE IN THEM PEOPLE WHO THINK'S THAT THEY ARE BETTER THAN YOU AND THEN YOU SAY GOOD MORNING AND THEY DON'T ACKNOWLEDGE YOU JUST WALK BY YOU LIKE YOU ARE NOT WORTH THEIR TIME TAKE THAT RACIST ATTITUDE BACK WITH YOU TO THE BS SUBURB AND EVER SENCE THEY STARTED COMING TO THE CITY RENT HAS SKY ROCKET AND PROPERTIES TAXES HAS GONE WAY HIGH WHAT'S GOING ON IN SOME CITY'S AROUND THE U.S.A IF THEY SEE A LATINO NAME AND OWN'S A HOUSE CITY'S OFFICIAL'S WILL RAISE THE PROPERTIES TAXES AND THE OWNER'S ARE FORCE TO SELL THEIR HOUSE BECAUSE OF THE TAX ON THE HOUSE AND BUILDING'S CONDO'S AND THE ANIMAL'S ARE LOSING THEIR HABITAT JUST LIKE IN CHICAGO AT NIGHT HAVE TO BE CAREFUL WALKING UR DOG'S BECAUSE COYOTES ARE WALKING THE CITY'S STREET'S SO YOU CONDO'S PEOPLE EVER SENCE THEY STARTED COMING TO THE CITY CRIME'S ARE VERY HIGH IN ALL CITY'S IN THE U.S.A AND THAT'S THE TRUTH AMERICA...
Does it really matter since the astute  AOC says the world is done in eight years? Party and have a good time for the next eight years. It would definitely end politics and crime which go hand in hand. That would be nice.
Never if bill Gates has his way😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
We panic and yet the maths says we are going to have a sudden decline in the population, for the 1st time in history at a rate that will surprise many
Don’t believe this 💩for one second.
I promise you you take one flight on an airplane. And you realize that we have a lot more space than you think
4:40 "...Humans have taken over 70% of the earths land and water..." ??? Not from the looks of google earth satellite maps... I'd say humans live on about 15% of the land, maybe the mining and farming adds up to more, though I doubt it comes close to 70%... as for water... no one has taken over water... it will always be there, and it can just be filtered, or purified in a solar sill, etc..... Having said that, humans have certainly done enough damage as far as polluting, to make this planet uncomfortable for us, and it certainly seems unsustainable.
‼️ Capitalists will survive, dont worry . its about us the slaves..
non 3rd world countries are spoiled on to much of everything, greedy/I needy
your tribes were suppose to fish for your families not sell it for money, so don't blame others.
simple cure, is stop saving people from dying from old age health and keeping them alive in old people homes
Well hopefully star ship 5 lands this time scientists don't like praying but they will 🖖
How humanity is suffering. lmfao.
it all comes down to greed.....money that the earths resources provides
Looks like A throw away world
The sky is falling
Its ok there is a plan in place to control the population.
We've been saying it for years! Decades, even.😡
How u gona fish everyday and not mate the fish or help their population how can ppl be blindly selfish and then panic with no real critical thinking ? I’m confused is their something in the air making us dumber ?
This is is bad bro really bad I knew this would happen back in 1997 this is crazy
The Earth is and always has been constantly changing. With or without humans it will heat and cool as it does. This fight against and for different energies is only a game of the rich elite who have money to move around and change to adapt to todays big tech society that they are driving us closing into.
Ok
Interesting that the individuals that say "there are too many people" don't include themselves as being one of the "too many". I guess they want someone to do something about 'those other people'.
We definitely heading on a collapse because prices going up thing be more scarcity and cant afford.
Back in the day everything was in abundance..
That’s called evolution gentleman evolution!!!🥱
All man seems to do is destroy.
And now we have Elon telling our leaders we need many more people. For someone who is so intelligent he sure does some really dumb things. Example...sending people to a unsustainable planet, EV cars that pollute earth more than coal, over populating earth ect.
Let's just set population to a minimum. Start law's with only 2 babies per house hold.
Total crap. All crap
It's crazy having scientists saying this and the elite trying to tell us we aren't having enough babies and we're going to be done because of it.
Humanity and its greed will be our downfall.unsustainable development and population. Growthmania is a good description
wait for the water wars followed by the food wars ><  I hope Im not around for that
When Planet Earth has had enough, she'll take care of it and will start over.
i think it will happen but the earth is designed, in my opinion, to adapt to the change we are causing.  plus i think we will go back to the days of horses, ox and mules.
it's sad that people have to be paid USD 1,000 to keep them from cutting the trees. they are motivated by short term benefit (money) and don't care about the long-term damage done by cutting the trees. We're all  doomed.
Reading some of the comments, no one has mentioned...quit having children or fewer children. Just because it  makes you feel good doesn't mean it's a good thing. For example,  many of you may remember the reality TV show "19 and counting." In Just a few generations, that single family could have hundreds of members if each followed the same practices. Just because you can afford it, or your religion controls your decision-making, doesn't mean it's good for OUR planet.
George Carlin called it and I laugh at this mentality we have, shopping at the Mall!
It’s not a very fast moving one though cuz this video was posted a year ago and we’re still good afaik
Good. Extinction is a fitting end for us.
Greed is destroying the environment….. 🙈
NO commercial air craft for ten years no moving ships over the seas to move products for 20 years........ This what would need to be done........Now, who's going to do that ?
What a wonderful world we had. Its been an honor and a privilege.
The sky is falling! The sky is falling!
There will come soft rains and the smell of the ground, And swallows circling with their shimmering sound;  And frogs in the pools singing at night, And wild plum trees in tremulous white,  Robins will wear their feathery fire Whistling their whims on a low fence-wire;  And not one will know of the war, not one Will care at last when it is done.  Not one would mind, neither bird nor tree If mankind perished utterly;  And Spring herself, when she woke at dawn, Would scarcely know that we were gone.
Wanna know what is REALLY happening to ocean fisheries???? Go to Kroger, Walmart, wherever you buy groceries. Go to the meat dept. Grab ANY bag of frozen fish fillets of ANY species. Look for the "Country of Origin " on the package. China, Indonesia, or Pakistan. These countries have wiped out opportunities for fishermen who own a boat or two to trawl, trap, or seine for species like Salmon, Cod, Grouper, Whiting, Whitefish, Flounder, Halibut, and almost every shrimp species. Even "catfish" fillets are marketed here in America as "Catfish", misleading indiscriminate consumers into thinking they are buying good old fashioned Channel Catfish like they grew up eating. They are NOT, they are likely Swai, or any number of Vietnamese or Chinese catfish, whose flavor have ZERO similarities or texture likeness to any of the four Catfish species here in the US. And it's the supermarket's fault. They know they can sell it at "catfish" price, and buy it for "Swai" prices. It's a system that is helping bring about the end of wildlife and fisheries as we know it. Soon, everything will have to be farmed, then either monopolies will have to form, or governments will have to run them, otherwise, there will be no stability in the market, and supply and demand will take over. Support your LOCAL COMMERCIAL FISHERMEN!!!!!!
Well that’s why Covid was released 😂
We have a under population problem.
1 year later, nothing has changed : (
THERE IS NO OTHER PLACE LIKE THIS PLACE WE LIVE ON. No proof of other planets like Mother Earth.
Every creature you have ever heard of from Earths past makes up less then a fraction of one percent of what actually existed and the only thing they have in common along with us is they all eventually became extinct. Just as we will one day soon in the endless sea of time.
I know this ain’t helping, but this make me want some salmon 🍣 .. ima go grab some sushi and come back watch this over dinner …
So I guess that why one world government , old Charles S want to Kil! Off the population.. but if he start with him self that means we are one less .
Another political scare tactic - presented by Fake News and well paid actors!
But first TRIBULATION and GOD wants 25% of the world's population killed and judged and that's at the start of TRIBULATION. HAPPY FATHER'S DAY TO MY GOD.
The earth will shake us off like a bad case of fleas when we become to much
Judging by what scientists think they know and what they do know and how often those things change over time their credibility is not too good. The ebb and flow of living things is always in flux at any given time there are many living things going extinct while at the same time, many new ones are coming into existence. This is pure speculation and propaganda hype.
MSNBC a sister news media..
The fact that the earth healed a wee bit during quarantine screams how we need to change our lifestyles. But it won't happen. Not with big business and convenience.
Everyone taking  nobody putting anything back..
Communist garbage....particularly global warming which is a total fraud.
Yeah😊😊😊bring it on. 🎉🎉🎉
Born in 1942.
I would not worry about CO2, i would worry about evaporating melt water, that is twice to three times faster than salt water. and swims above the salt water like an oil carpet.
Are those the same scientists who told us the climate is heating? Or cooling? And....that's our fault too.
NO MANAGEMENT PEOPLE ARE LESS INTELAGENT
I’m not a denier but if there have been 5 mass extinctions how do these animals repopulate ? Are they new species ?
BS!!! God says different!!!
Nothing will happen to the earth. It’s been here longer than man and will continue to exist long past our existence. This story is pure panic and fear mongering. Usual 60mins dribble and tactics.
Humanity dosent care.
God promised a new earth this one is corrupt and needs to end.libs said we could never feed 9 billion yet nobody  is starving to death.maybe now some are thanks to Biden robbing us blind..stop stressing start praying and try your nets again
I think we can all agree that Bill Gates, UN, and WEF want to depopulation the world by billions.  Let's call these "extinctions" what they really are.
People, Earth need to produce and release Nitrogen and Oxygen on earth's atmosphere to fix that what was destroyed. Nitrogen functions as earth's coolant, therefore must be released on earth's atmosphere somehow that will help cool the planet. Oxygen, is the air we breath, plants produce oxygen so billions of people need to plant trees, even one tree per person, can help, if one person planted one tree each year and take care of that tree that could help reverse it.
Somewhat related to population growth yes, but . . .  Error:  You think it's because of over population that is causing global warming? It's because of what people are doing to the environment that is causing global warming, and multiply what those people are doing that destroys our earth's atoms, explosions that destroyed, Nitrogen atoms which function as earth's coolant those nuclear testing of nuclear power nations all nuclear tests destroyed nitrogen atoms and oxygen atoms destroyed the earth's flow of nitrogen and oxygen and is bringing earth into extinction level, the world should wake up, before it's too late, at 45 Degrees Heat nothing will anymore grow, it's 33-34 Degrees here now, danger levels.  Nearing the irreversible end of earth.
...and the earth will inherit the meek, again...
We are to dumb to learn from past mistakes we all are gonna die and can’t do anything about it but watch everything die off
Humanity needs to find 4 more planets to inhabit, then strictly control population growth so that we can alternate between our 5 planets maybe once every century so that the planet has time to recover from us before we come back and plunder it again. This sounds ridiculous, because it is ridiculous to expect humanity to be able to control itself against its own selfish interest. The planet will be so relieved when we finally build spaceships and leave.
Men made catastrophes due to meat industry
“They (climate change people) want to impose real costs on Americans now, in exchange for speculative and hypothetical damage that might occur 20 or 30 years from now,”    “Their goal is to change your life because of their claim that [climate change] is affecting everybody on the planet, and it’s essentially your fault,”   “So, they want to change the way you drive.  They want to change what you eat. They want to change the temperature in your home.”       “If enough people are making money on the ‘solution,’ the problem will never go away
People will say anything for money
They all study together they all make a living off of your fear they want the money keep pumping money to their studies
Greed killed us....
We're a massive evolutionary mistake.
The Global Reset. It’s bound to happen. Pray and repent .
Thanos needs to snap his finger…
🎉 there are people who believe we are far from over populated, contrary to all available evidence.
I’ve said for years, humans suck. The end!
Sadly, I believe this is true. What I want to know is how to solve the situation.
Lmmfao
A 4th grade substitute teacher told us about this 4 billion people ago.
Its 2024, and this video started out with  in 1968 the planet was going extinct. Just think of how bad it is today!! Man folks really need to be more aware of their habitats and how to treat it. Some would say its to late, but its never to late to try to make the world a better place.
I live off of Puget Sound and the tribes crab and shrimp for a month here. I get like 4 hrs a year in one day. What a joke. The indians I know brag about the 1000s of pounds of shrimp they get every season. How they eat that much? They sell it and fill their freezers. Same with the Salmon seasons. I havent caught a fin clipped salmon in 10 yrs here. Thats all we can keep one a day if your lucky and get one. I started fishing Alaska and San Diego years ago. The tribes wiped Southern Puget Sound out. I moved here in 75 and we could fish our local rivers while the tribes had nets across them. Now they cry that the fish are gone. Must have been us with the one fish limit a couple months a year.
Govt wants to legalize weed,weed gives you munchies,you gotta have food
this is hard to believe when most of earth is not inhabited by humans
Propaganda
Really?
im not reproducing, im doing my part
If we can think of turning a planet like mars into a thriving ecosystem why can we not keep doing what we can to keep this place thriving?
Birds, bees, insects, are all infrastructure essential for the functioning of this world.
Oh well, nothing lasts forever.😊
This will be just another civilization wiped off the face of the earth, like the many other ones before us, and the few survivors will bring another civilization into existence and the cycle will repeat itself over and over again!
This guy is Biden's buddy
Mass Extinction? No need to humanise it and make something anthropomorphic sound natural.
All lies!!
By all the people in the world there's over8 billion people in competition with all wildlife every thing
overpopulation and waste are the biggest problems.
Why do you feel so emotionally attached to this? What do you think! That sums up the whole video. Why are people sitting in ivory towers dictating to everyone else what they need to do to change their way of life, simply so they can sleep a little easier and feel good about themselves? Here's a question who's going to go line Duke Energy's coal ash ponds? This fisherman?
Zith Aura Roth was here!!!
Have you ever watch the videos back in the day when all the fisherman used to go wild, ramming each other boats trying to claim netting areas?  I think 🤔  a lot of it had to do with overfishing    You can’t have 30 different boats cashing in thousands of pounds and expect the supply not to dwindle….   🤷‍♂️
It's not an extinction they got all these animal's in they lodge STOP HUNTING
Fisheries been dead. Now we got fish farms. If humans go extinct it’s going to happen. We’re no different than the other animals going extinct. This whole planet is a project for the civilization we not know about. They are watching us go extinct.
Just because you dint understand something doesn’t mean it’s bad
Too many people is bs… it’s industrial farming which is pushing deforestation.
Propaganda
Interesting.  There are some, like Elon would argue that there is a population collapse happening.   Someone  is lying here.
Yes I believe its population... why doesn't everybody just understand they should have one child per household do that for a while and maybe things can change
We definitely don’t inhabit 70% of the land 😂 more like 9-10%
Humans need to go go.....
There was a piece of plastic seen on MARS hmm wonder why!!
The human population is not the problem. It is capitalism. Greed. And the insatiable hunger that some humans have for more, more, and more.
Yet we have utter fools like Elon Musk telling us our problem is actually we dont have enough people and we need to all have large familys with several kids like its the damn 1600s. Smh,.....*sigh*......
Why do you care?  You got MTV.
After they collapsed the salmon runs, they collapsed the crab industry.
The Earth does not owe us ANYTHING.  We owe the Earth EVERYTHING. But we treat it with disdain.
See historic cstaclisms - also carbon feeds plants and also why in 70’s were scientists promoting an ice age. Blah blah blah
Funny how they don't even factor the daily mass spraying of the World....
Yeah, the sixth extinction is being caused by the Democrats
Watch the movie Soylent Green
The human population has been near extinction levels many thousands of times. Each time we rebound and build civilizations on top of buried past civilizations. The animals that live now will likely survive another round of near extinction levels events. Wash rinse and repeat..
I wonder the interest of this individual s as whole or say their own benefit.
It's us our own demise
Bought and paid for "scientists" promote the latest biased data their funding sources demand in order to manipulate the masses.  There i fixed it for ya 😁
They know all that but they don't know who built the pyramids
Its sad to see this happening. When i was growing up there was so much wildlife and now iv seen much of it disappear.
Its crazy how them huge vessels break the rules to catch massive amounts of fish, yet is the single fisherman fishing for personal consumption who gets blame, fined and some times even arrested
We have these situations because of CORPORATE GREED The Corporate Motto, use it up until it's Gone Being Super Wealthy, is Power and the Wrong Kind Of Power I'm 77 and I've watched Corporations Scams the people, thinking they have government protection
Most of Americas natural forests are gone. The logging companies that lease most of the National and State forests have killed or cut out most of the hard wood trees that supply nuts, fruits and berries to wildlife, and have replaced those hard woods with faster growing soft woods that do not supply any nutritional value to wildlife… this has pushed most of the wildlife down out of the mountains and forests and into farmlands and rural communities where they are hunted year round. In addition to the hunting seasons, farmers are allowed to “get rid” of deer, hogs, elk and any other wild game that are eating their crops any time of year. The National and State forests have been sterilized of wild game animals all for profits from logging. The rivers and streams in America have been made so toxic that fish cannot live more than just a few years in them. The toxic runoff from farming and mining, i.e. chemical fertilizers, herbicides and pesticides, as well as chemical byproducts from mining, are destroying the rivers, streams and lakes. For example, the Willamette River in Oregon, once full of 100 pound King Salmon, was considered the worlds most toxic river in 2016, and today the fish and game department advertises everywhere not to eat more than one (1) fish per year out of that river. It is not so much the population of humans that is destroying the earth, but the push for profit from agriculture, logging and mining, that is doing it.
I hate net fishing.
Dudes crying about being the reason they're gone. 😂
Thanos was right.
And we want to explore other world so we destroy them.  The elite needs to focus on us our home the only one we have.
Crap this is some major fear tactics. No facts and only propaganda
The world has much much more to give. Humans just need to do things better. Which we are. Slowly but surely. Not really sure about the whole ev thing though, lots of resources and waste come from that.
And all the elite billionaires do is buy land and farm their own food. Yet they’ll tell the populace go green and to conserve.  The hypocrisy continues.
CICADAS ...
This it don’t make it no better they replacing all the grass with concrete we get food from the earth who is that possible with so much concrete
Yet we have enough money for them to research the problem right. As well as enough money for this television show.
60 minutes never has opposing opinions in their reports. No scientific data provided. Generalities. Speculations. Scott Pelley is not a journalist.
Humanity is a mess.. where is Thanos when we need him.
OVERPOPULATION      MONEY     AND    GREED      WILL DESTROY THE WORLD
It has been going on for 500 years.
and those with the biggest carbon footprints are lecturing others...
And 60 minutes is right on top of it showing you all you need to know about the next big famine, disaster flood
And it goes on and on not just Paul but a lot of scientist first it’s a ice age then it’s global warming, massive starvation and on and on will know when that date comes as long as they can keep the population scared about the next big disaster
12. Paul Ehrlich chimed in, predicting in 1970 that “air pollution…is certainly going to take hundreds of thousands of lives in the next few years alone.” Ehrlich sketched a scenario in which 200,000 Americans would die in 1973 during “smog disasters” in New York and Los Angeles.
Don’t hate the messenger hate the message  9. In January 1970, Life reported, “Scientists have solid experimental and theoretical evidence to support…the following predictions: In a decade, urban dwellers will have to wear gas masks to survive air pollution…by 1985 air pollution will have reduced the amount of sunlight reaching earth by one half….”
These are not my words these are Paul’s words  Ehrlich sketched out his most alarmist scenario for the 1970 Earth Day issue of The Progressive, assuring readers that between 1980 and 1989, some 4 billion people, including 65 million Americans, would perish in the “Great Die-Off.”
Just another doom date, Paul Ehrlich this is what he said in the 70s 4. “Population will inevitably and completely outstrip whatever small increases in food supplies we make,” Paul Ehrlich confidently declared in the April 1970 issue of Mademoiselle. “The death rate will increase until at least 100-200 million people per year will be starving to death during the next ten years.”
Well that explains it all dont it. All the relentless killings in Gaza  n Rafah ! Its a mass extinction event. And its all natural
Sad. Humans will go extinct one day. Due to our own ignorance
Oh boy, science and research lies again.
Lol we keep coming back
WELL,, GOODBYE EVERYONE,,,HOPE YOU HAD A NICE TIME,,, I'M APPROCHING MY 86 YR, SO I'LL BE OUT OF HERE B/4 YOU, AND B/4 IT HAPPENS.  THE AMAZON RIVER VALLEY USE TO BE A WILDLIFE PARADISE NOW IT'LL BE A  DISNEY ""THEME PARK !!!!!!!!!!!!
this is all BS....does not anyone ever decide to go read revelation and the things that it says are going to happen to the earth and the reasons why...........we are in the beginning of it now and no amount of money or agenda to drive EV's can change Gods prophetic word.......
We are in decline now
Yet there is millions of acres in the middle of the country in the U.S alone with trees and wildlife and all the people want to live by the coast in just a few states spread out!
Does anyone still actually believe 60 minutes ever?
Who would want bears and jaguars running around eating everything? These are cold blooded killers lol. We need harmless animals in nature like birds and deer and rabbits and others
They’re essentially selling a you a we want to destroy human life to maintain this so called population problem
Feel for the people not the government that has done this. We did not couse pollution make ships weapons. The government knew using fossil fuels would impact climate change over 100 years ago but the greed of man is for them right there in their time for them not for the future generations and the world we live in. We are the guests on this planet and we have almost destoyed it. If the animals were in charge of this planet earth would still be in the state of Eden. We are born into a world with no say or control and are controlled by the rich and corrupt individual's in power. If the people stood against these individuals we would have the power to change the world... we as one race would know all secrets hidden by governments that are denying our right to devine knowledge that was left here by the ancient thousands of years ago. We as a race, one whole human race not divided by looks would accomplish much more than we have done .as one race we could combined our knowledge to create a greater world for our families. No country but one earth!.. thousands of years ago all land was connected as one then the continental shift split the the land dividing us... this was no accident. Then came conflict and war. If the continental shift did mot happen we would still be one whole country together and race was not an issue every one had the right to learn devine knowledge left to us.
What sensationalist nonsense! What's actually becoming extinct are critical thinking skills, rational thought process, logic, common sense, perspective and honest, non-political journalism.
Yeah we should all grow and hunt and fish for are own food the world and ppl in power are greedy,stupid and selfish
Well, this so called informative reel just lost its creditability by soliciting input from tools from California. Do your research. There is real information out there backed by accepted and approved scientific studies. I forgot 60 Minutes method of pushing their bias agenda regarding population control. Wake up and read. Don't be a Sheepeople.  Look at them, they all look the same.  Cloned by the BORG. No independent thought.
Liars!!!!!!!
thanos was right
United Nations is trying to start another scare track
Thanos: Told you I was right
I read the title,  thank GOD. I'm not watching this.
Make a comment here...as if it matters.  Then go back to your life that won't change.  Stop worrying about things you can't control.
Yukon king salmon, richest salmon in the world. Trawlers mass sweep up the ocean and take 100s of thousands of king salmon before they can even reach the Yukon River to swim up and spawn and make new generations of wild yukon kings. And then they go to the local natives of Yukon River and question them whats going on?? Where did the salmons go?? Now we are cut off from subsistence fishing.
There is  less than 3% of the California old growth forest left. 97% has been cut to make houses and everything is needed by wood. John Muir ran the emergency bell long ago, and now one was listening.
No grizzlies in California is a good thing. No Salmon in the NW due to overfishing, damning rivers and invasive species. Salmon swim upstream to spawn and die. Its normal to have dead salmon in rivers. Where did all of the crabs go in the Alaskan waters last year? They had no crab season. All I heard in this clip is salmon populations is down. What species have gone extinct recently?
classic fear mongering by 60 nerds i mean minutes.
Simple "Stop Having Kids"
Who wrote this?! Humans have taken over 70% of the land?! Have you ever traveled outside the city? Travel across country. Any country. You will quickly find this to be incredibly false.
All this have I seen, and applied my heart unto every work that is done under the sun: there is a time wherein one man ruleth over another to his own hurt. Ecclesiastes 8:9
It use to be sex sells, no its doom and gloom.
More Bs. Just like the 70s greenpeace prediction and not one of those dozens of doom and gloom predictions happened. Control with fear to keep the sheep inline and pirate more of their hard earned money. Just like all those whining on here about how bad it is and something needs done, but yet here they are consuming the internet on phone with rare earth minerals or a pc just to make a comment so they're entertained, i mean programmed. rotflmao. If you truly cared you'd be living in a mud hut with no amenities, period.
FEAR, FEAR, FEAR, THE MEDIA IS CONSTANTLY PUSHING FEAR!!.....FEAR SELLS, KEEP PUSHING FEAR!!🖕 these people!!
The earth will be fine once humans are gone. Unfortunately, we will end up taking a lot of animal and plant species with us. So sad.
Less and less Pika every year up at Mt Blue Sky (formerly Mt Evans) here in CO is indicating warming temps.
Now it not farmers destroying land it’s developers destroying land if they can build houses on it and make a buck who cares
"Be fruitful and multiply "
Bollox
Been saying this since the seventies!
When you consider the human beings that are alive today have had to deal with more change than any other human beings that have ever walked on the face of the Earth and that is seventy year-old man today has very little that they could tell an 18-year-old that would be relatable. Where in 1824 only a short 200 years ago was not the case.  When one realizes that half of all the fossil fuels ever burned has occurred since 1990, thoughts of life being able to adapt to that amount of carbon being put into the atmosphere in such a ridiculously short period of time speaks to our collective ignorance of science as a country.   We are finished along with most living things much sooner than most are willing to accept.
Technology is the problem
That’s a trip that 4billion, half of the world population lives on <$10/day
Good it's about time.  Can't stand how pathetic we have become.
Don't be alarmed...all the people involved in this documentary will continue their consumption and nothing will change....
I think it’s wrong our extinction will be due to under population news bunch of bs
What if all parents were fixed after having their 1st child? I don't have any kids and don't want any so save your time and energy typing a reply I will never read, much less answer...
Leftists who have no answers to the problems except  control of everything we do !  Yes we have a problem.
When I was a child here in the farthest western corner of Texas,there were Armadillos and Porcupine and Collard Lizards and Gila Monsters all over the place! I haven't seen a single one of any of these species in over 40 yrs!
😮😮😮😢😢😢🙏🙏🙏 may the Gods help us🥰🥰🥰
Thanos snap 👀
scott... we love you but you should really focus on the sun and our shifting/weakening poles and magnetic  alignment...  the poles are shifting... and when they flip.. it will happen RAPIDLY AND VIOLENTLY...  our world that we currently live in will NOT survive... a new world will emerge
Doesn't have to do with secret societies that run the world and worship demons? I mean the Georgia guide stones?
There is no we. You folks destroyed the world smh
Blah blah blah blah
Yes every 475 thousand years.
HOAX ALL HOAX.
I am not worried about the planet.  The planet is got all the time in the world.  Humanity is done for.  I am so sorry for the youth.
Trust in God all things are possible.
Politics , greed , and commercialism will not stop until it’s all gone . 😢
STATE-RUN Propaganda. Fear/Fake New.  CENTRAL CASTING.  It is that simple.   EO13848
God told us to be fruitful and multiply, he is in control not us, who do we think we are to insert ourselves into that position? Pollution is a real problem and could be fixed but theres tons of resources still, our government wants you to feel ashamed and to comply with their agenda 21 plan which involves your death which they are gonna blame on something else
China is On to it too 1 child per house 🏡 hold All Across the Planet 🌍🌎🌏 people should Not be Squirting Out 20 kids they can't handle or take care of Look at Our Over Population of Homeless people Not All are vegetarian either Over population 🌎🌍🌏
We've chosen to act as a virus instead of keeping balance. We will be gone eventually
Bs i will never trust a person from California 🤡
God gave us all these good things and we ruined them I’m just lost for words
Mj been warned us about this
The guy with the food truck had 5 fishing boats complaining about no salmon. You really can’t make this up
Are those plastic chairs?
But Elon Mustard Head says we need to keep breeding
Not soon enough
I call BS
Money is the problem. Economic growth requires population growth.
I Just Watched this ! we are seeing the EXTINCTION taking place worldwide ! being from a small island in the Antilles, we already  are experiencing the decline and demise of US.  The loss will not be returned. We are killing ourselves  with Progress. can we as a specie turn it around ??
Paul Erlich has been promoting this shtick for decades, none of it is true, all has been debunked. 60 minutes knows this so is a deliberate purveyor of misinformation. The longevity and health of nearly all nations has increased as has quality food production. All 8 billion would fit comfortably in Texas with 1100 sq ft per person, from new born to nearly dead. Put them 4 to a 1100 sq ft house and they fit in 1/4 of Texas. Make it a 2 floor house over a basement they fit in 1/12 or the panhandle. Put them in 10 story, 4 aparments per floor.....you get the idea. The world would be empty. Spread them out in 10,000 people villages 10 miles apart and more than enough room for agriculture including farting cows. Its all nonsense especially the impossibility of CO2 increase, regardless of source, causing climate change.
THE DAY AFTER TOMORROW AND 2012 AREN'T JUST MOVIES!  people are so damn money hungry its sad.
This is such #NWO narrative B.S.!  Fact: The earth has never been greener in recorded human history.  Whatever Man's use of organic energy sources impact may minutely be upon global climate, it is inarguably is a net positive.
BS
Capitalism, colonialism and War have caused irreversible damage to Earth and its Health
Liberal propaganda plain & simple.
Its the century of Aquarius thats why the waters getting hire
i bet new animals will evolve.
Can’t happen fast enough.
fear mongering...
What happens to your funding and prestige if eveerything is just fine?  Whats that?  It all goes away?  Hmmmmmm?????😮
This guys opinions will lead to a haulocost!
The sky is falling 'RUN FOR YOUR LIVES'!  MORE LIB BS.😢😮😅
Chemtrails... Heat trapping... Temperature records... Fear... Control... Subservience
Had to end sometime.
All myths .
Manipulation on steroids.
the end is near
People are going homeless too.
The main problem is China and they won't stop mass producing, so...
"fishing" using nets is not fishing!!
Propaganda for the elites,,,f/o...
Covid comes to mind.
We’re straining the planet’s resources to feed animals we use for food. We are destroying the way of life of everything on earth. It’s not just our “way of life” that’s at stake.  If more of us give up animal products - all of them - we won’t need to raise and feed so many.
You know Fukashima is still leaking ratioactive water into the ocean and all the radioactive water they had on site was all dumped into the ocean long ago so all the life in the oceans worldwide is dying , the planet csn take care of herself , doesnt matter anyway cuz the end is apon us now and the best part is the elites that think they will survive in there bunkers have no clue cuz thrre bunkers will be there final resting place cuz GOD  said the meek shall enheiret the earth not the elite
You mean Mass Extinction of Common Sense?
It doesn't work unless EVERY COUNTRY ON EARTH participates
We are not supposed to be living endlessly and we won't, our time is almost up, just look at all that is bad happening
This coincides with the Bible, for end times, it's to happen, can't stop what is to be.
Oh, California. Never mind…
I fished with him when I was a teenager
If youre so worried tell them to stop setting fires and stop spraying chemicals into our air or maybe just maybe stop injecting us with poisons and telling us its safe
I was told by my great grand father when they moved from Virginia to North missouri in 1900 there were no deer no timber no rabbits. Now 124 years later too many deer too many rabbits to many coyotes pheasants quail doves and loads of timber. Due to conservation. So don't believe everything u hear from these California nut jobs.
We don’t fish like we did 200 years ago. Of course the planet can’t keep up
We need to get to a point of sustainability.  Fish farms and hatcheries need to go hand in hand with supply and demand.
Bwhahaha, another climate change scare tactic...
Need 4k
I've said long before now our population is our greatest problem.
We are in the 7th age of man so this would be the 8th mass extinction
The truth of the matter is man has interfered with too many rivers and streams where it all begins there used to be protective lands around all of the creek beds around the whole us in recent times and around the year 2000 the government sold off those protective lands and man began to build houses where all the sediments went down and ruin the creek beds from their natural habitat that is what happened that is the birth of it the government knew what was going to happen if they sold off those protective Lands and that's what the government did they are to blame their ecologist and scientists told them what would happen if they crossed that line 😮😮😮😢😢😢 you're only hearing a half story I'm telling you the part that really matters what started the wrif of ecology it's kind of funny to listen to a half story that tries to mislead the people into thinking things their way😮😮😮😮 it will be brought out in another 50 years when those who are to blame are passed away😢😢😢😢
Thanks to our government the working man n women always bell out there stew ups and we get the shaft all the time now here wild life n man is really paying a price letting all these people for free to live in our towns now running out food unreal
Wait. That biologist is... 90!?
We have to learn how to sustain more people.
No matter what, earth will prevail. You’d need the power of the sun to completely destroy earths biology. As for us, greed has always steered us toward chaos, and nothing has changed since we started using our hands as weapons. A great gift comes great responsibility and understandin,  nothing less.
In 1896, a seminal paper by Swedish scientist Svante Arrhenius first predicted that changes in atmospheric carbon dioxide levels could substantially alter the surface temperature through the greenhouse effect. In 1938, Guy Callendar connected carbon dioxide increases in Earth's atmosphere to global warming. 100 years later people didn't take global warming seriously in the 1990's. 30 years later people are still not taking it seriously. Well the warnings were given over 100 years ago and nobody listened and it could of been prevented with alternative technologies. Money destroyed the planet. Is it possible that the human race did the same thing on mars and escaped to planet earth millions of years ago. If earths magnetic field shifts due to global warming then a great flood of the earth will happen then the oceans will boil off from the sun bombarding our planet from a shift in our protective field thus earth becomes mars. We need to find another home or face the same fate as mars. We can make mars habitable in a 50 year timeline and stop the earth from a global catastrophe if everyone worked together. Money is just a thing people made up and can be discarded. When it comes to the human races survival then money is irrelevant.
This isnt an hour long. If there were a topic that 60 minutes called for it had better be this.
I believe the last flood was intentional and created by advanced technologies planted in the oceans Rock bed but mass devastations are going to be coordinated in order to bring the population down
And this is why the Buddha 1,000’s of years ago taught that to live is to suffer and the source of that suffering is craving- the wanting of more and more. You extinguish the cravings, you end the suffering.
U$ Corporations are so proud
2:58 thru 3:12   must watch this 14 secs.
Should We Worried about this Right Now? Yes Or No. SHOULD WE PANIC ABOUT WW3. 😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢😢
Should we panic about Climate Change Right Now? Yes or No
Guess oilfields have nothing to do with it🤦
2026 life extinction  complete
Heartbreaking
Imagine if there was no fast food , drug addicted overdoses, suicides, cancer, etc. Imagine if there was never a holocaust, a world war, a Vietnam… we’d be pushing a billion people here in the US this day in age
When I tell my friends having kids it’s selfish because the earth is overpopulated- they say it’s not real. Don’t have kids !
Shameful this illegal, illegimate govt who stole this election can create such destruction
Well...its being remediated currently. We are being killed off, systems put in place to ensure men and women dont get together. Relationships being pushed that wont result in children. Our foods being sprayed with toxins. Covid. We are on track to depopulate the planet by a vast number.
Agenda 21 & 30 talks about this….
Stop bulldozing land to build shopping malls
Over fishing whipped em out , Greed , it’s happening here with our blue crabs
Propaganda...
There is a way to fix what is happening, but people will not enjoy going backwards. People would not enjoy real hard work to sustain themselves. People are spoiled. They have cars. Airplanes. Restaurants. Maids. Luxury toys. Luxury lives. They will not trade it in to fix mother earth.
Turns out the reason was mainly corporate price gouging..
When was the original air date of this story???  And why isn't it mentioned in the video or the synopsis?
Imo, over population  reduces natural  resources.  There are only so much natural  resources  to go around.
So scientists were only off by 5 billion?  Orrrrrrr…. Are they still not admitting their continued ignorance of the adaptability of humans
They're setting us up for the UNs Agenda 2030. Programming us to accept this nefarious and authoritarian agenda
Another wolf channel 😄 there full of it!!!!
What channel
Thank you for this report! Don't worry another asteroid is on it's way and will give new life to the earth.  Humans won't be here.
Chemtrails are mostly to blame, killing everything slowly
Please people the earth is always changing and evolving your species human is the only one who understands complexity and you are not a treat only few sre and they will have their time don't do this because humans are needed she have you only need to learn to live in the right place and that's why we're here to protect her and human
There is no Planet B.
I'm doing the right thing, I'm over 55 with no children.
Dont eat fish
Multi job I g will wear out your body beyond the point of recovering if you do that through your 50s you are lucky most find disabi?ity
I have worked at sea for almost 40 years and can confirm the mass extinction  is happening now.
😂😂😂😂😂
That's ok...it happens. If it wasn't for the extinction of the dinosaurs we wouldn't be here.
We need more people to create better economies, invent better ways of feeding people and improving lives...but more people will only hasten the destruction of our biosphere.  Jesus is coming back soon.
To all you beautiful people out there: My name is Ken V. and I've been writing a story about nature (and the humans waste disposal) for the past 20 years.  This book is essentially the Voice of Mother Nature; I'm not a special person in any way/shape/form but I DO believe that the message conveyed within this book is special ... so special in fact that (I believe to my very core) it may change the world.  Spread the word ... support my book ... Mother Nature is coming!
His 5 fish boats 😂😂😂. Did your ancestors have five motorized fishing boats with huge nets???
Overpopulation and greed will be the cause of human misery!!!!!!!
These clowns are screaming "fire" in a crowded theater.  Of course the climate is changing.  It has been since creation. EV's are a joke, especially since the average EV will have to drive +/- 450K miles before it overcomes its carbon footprint.  Oh, and also, how about those 10 y/o's mining hazardous minerals with their bare hands?  How about those great EV's during the Chicago winter.  How about every major enemy we have just drooling to see our military trying to pull howitzers with their fairy EV trucks.  Following lunacy will likely get you a predictable result.
Theodore Kaczynski was right
You talked about conservation and the failure of efforts in this regard, but you didn't say anything about reducing the human population.
No one admits that Nature has a way of cleaning up man's messes.  That is not a free pass to pollute, but be reasonable. There were over 1000 ships sunk during and after WW2.  They leaked out fuel oil, diesel, coal, and plenty other oil products (especially the tankers sunk).  Also, ammunition, explosives, rockets, trucks and jeeps fueled up, oiled up all went to the bottom.  The point is, where are all the oil slicks left by the war ????????  They are gone, by means of mother nature.  It had to be, because the cleaning tech of today was not available in 1946-1950, and  the world was bent on recovery, not cleaning oil slicks.
All people seem think about today is having more babies
Oure goverment have given   billions to save the rainforrest. Nobody knows here the money has gone , and there's nothing to show for.
Anothet way of saying "the worst of the killing is in Latin America" is, the "last people to decimate their environment are the latin Americans".  This is pretty f'd up.  The only thing worse than scientists claiming extinction in their lifetime is still saying that 40 years later without doing a single thing to stop it.
That's excuse they use for wanting us to believe we need to die. A whole lotta BS!
History has shown that there is a cycle. I mean there are ice ages and then there isn’t. There is no telling how many times something like this has happened in history, our planet has been here a long time we are only now keeping records and getting very technical with our technology.. so we always talk about this but these issues are always changing. Even if we were not here wouldn’t the planet go thru ice ages and then of course it warms up again? Yea the planet changes. I’m not saying we are not pushing this faster and faster but this is how it works. I mean what do you do trim the population?
cant find a scientist who doesn’t believe there is a mass extinction event, eh wwf funding , billions, what a bs narrative, scare the population, good for legislation,  Grizly bears, polar bears, all doing fine. really dislike these silky documentaries , preying on emotion, developed countries have never had so many conservation reserves than now,most endagered species are protected, Aftica etc a problem because of poverty, give them cheap energy, gas oil and coal and let them develop, the poorest species is humans 3 billion live on less than 2 dollars a day.,   wwf are a corporate company in the disguise of being do gooders but they have signed up to legislate us with restricted freedom, travel, what we eat, etc  it’s basically totalitarian environmental opression, trying to push guilt on the citizens, open your eyes everyone,
Over fishing, what else is new!
WWF , no thanks, they are in bed with the UN world bank, world economic forum, etc activists in every agency!😊
The narrator (who does a good job) notes that "the World Wildlife Federation says that the abundance of wildlife in Latin America has fallen by 94% since the 1970s - but it is also in Latin America that we found the possibility of hope" (7:53-8:03). Hard to see how a 94% devastation can augur hope! At that amount of loss the ecosystem has already been changed forever, I would think.
SO SAD..... when was this video made?  A while ago?  and by the way there have been plenty of famines, and wars, that killed millions of people since 1968
Stop fishing for salmon for 10 years. It will come back
Planned Obsolescence? Just look around, everything is broken 🥺
We are a plague to this poor planet ,we need to regulate how many children a person can have this is truly disgusting in so many ways ,these animals and creatures have every right to be here as we do 😢
Over half population of the United States will become homeless the future looks bleak
Life as we know it will end in spring 2036.Astro will hit earth at 40,000 miles an hour.
Don't worry... Earth will reclaim us all...
P.S. New species are Discovererd DAILY
More propaganda!
It's Fukushima that's killing everything and it hasn't stopped... The fishing season after the accident fisherman returned with nothing... I remember one of them saying that the Pacific ocean was void of life... All of the tide pools along the west coast were dead too... We're cutting are own throats... Nuclear energy might burn clean but disposing of the waste water and spent rods is a real mess... And we have no way to recover from a accident when things go bad... All you have to do is look to see that's true... Russia just covered up their mistake again once they discovered it was leaking and Japan sent robots in to their reactor room... I'm not sure how long they lasted before they melted but just the fact they melted says a lot... They say we're going to lose a lot of our coast to global warming and that just happens to be where all our Nuclear plants are located... God help us
The human machine is designed to self destruct. Some know it and choose to avoid it and some choose to deny it. But most are blind to it.
The wealthy who have destroyed this planet are also the ones who built underground cities to escape the Destruction and death they caused
There possibly is no polar bears koala bears squirrels monkeys dragonflies butterflies dogs birds,, the list goes on and on anywhere else in the universe
The planet will survive as a fune ball of dirt but 80% of the species that live on it will not be.  I have a problem with losing all of our iconic and beloved animals when this is the only place we know any of these exist
THAT IS   A LIE FROM HELL!
Quit shipping our resources to those who want us destroyed. Or giving our resources to those that won't do for themselves. Give one a fish, they eat for a day. Teach one to fish, and they eat for a lifetime.
China
It’s not too many people, it’s the colonial corporate greedy mono cropping, and extraordinary pollution that goes unchecked.
actually mis management of rivers is to blame
Ah, the beauty of pride and greed at its finest.
Yet, each of these  “preachers”most likely had children.
Earth contains plenty of resources for far more than 8 billion people. The problem is that people are inherently corrupt and wasteful (wasting food and overindulgence), especially countries like the U.S., don't believe me? A simple online search will open your eyes.   Companies are aware of this, and they exploit it for the sake of profit. Just cardboard alone is a billion-dollar industry and mostly for the wants of people rather than needs. If all people managed their resources carefully, something that will never be with our current psychological disposition, then there would be plenty of everything for everybody for millennia and beyond.   The key is changing human nature, something that I doubt most people even consider. And something that we are far far away from accomplishing as a whole.
@3:29.. 4.2% of the Earths population (the U.S.) uses 25% of the Earths resources.. 344 Million of 8 Billion use 25%!.. That's what he's talking about.. That's why he said 5 more Earths.. This Planet can Not sustain that indefinitely.. I read 1000+ comments.. Many in the comments are missing that point....... Believe it or not, the U.S. Is An Empire.. (i.e. "The Empire State Building" think about that).. And it is Consuming ("consumers") Way More than it's fair share.. Empires Rise, and Empires Fall.. Look at history.. Hold on tight.. We're almost there....... Yeah I know, I get it, I live here too, in Texas, and I like my life.. That don't change that facts though.. We're close.. Y'all Take Care  :^)
It's very apparent we didn't take on the warning
Your full it .
It's so frustrating that people are not responding in a strong enough way to the threats we are facing with our rapidly warming planet. Instead, people are harping on the border, hairstyles and closing drag shows, as if those things are so much more dire. From what I've seen, reacting to the warming climate is about 100 years too late, anyway.
All the bugs on your windshield are gone. Anyone notice? What are the birds supposed to eat? Much less birds as well.
Get these companies and governments to stop
Nope… notice no math or talk of inhabitants on massive amounts of land… cause he’s a just internationalist like itler
The Permian end extinction which wiped out appoximately 95% of all life on earth took  around 80,000 years to complete. Humans are going to do it in around 400 years or less!
This only shows that science gets things very, very wrong and continues to make poor predictions & bad mistakes. The continuous reporting of one sided evidence rather than balanced views is the problem with poor decision making.
3:51 Yep so let’s push for cars that requires six times more minerals.  SOUND THE ALARM.  LOL.
3:51 Yep so let’s push for cars that requires six times more minerals
Yep the truth is dead and gone
Of course there will be a mass extinction event in the near future.
The grand schemers no doubt justify all the rapid and forced illegal migration to ensure steady population growth. Native birth rates are down because as people become more educated they appreciate the bigger picture more than primal, daily existence. Population growth enables constant home building, returns in the stock market …. this kind of material economy only works when you pour more into the glass. Clearly that can’t last forever because land and all resources are finite.  The most remarkably near-sighted greed of modern society is that instead of tapping the brakes back when things were comfortable and sustainable, politics will only allow it when things become badly uncomfortable. When people are crammed together in polluted, meager spaces. Look around the world where this already is happening.
main cause, the Westernworld ? great America, the greedy Babylon in action
We are definitely messing up the planet but only city folk are going to believe animals are "running out of places to live " 😂
😂😂😂! That is when we were supposedly in a cooling period! Lmao always something!
Fitional story telling
Just what I want to see "Humanity Suffering" WTF?! Does GOOD NEWS EXIST ANYWHERE?!?
Read 100 Heartbeats by Jeff Corwin.
To humanity, it would be the end of everything. But to the Earth/universe, this would just be another Tuesday. We hugely overestimate our species' significance.
Quantum computing for our nation All along with artificial intelligence  Will it be way to much information A new world order to be of relevance Good or bad is to be its application
It's hard to have faith in a government that sends you into war that goes on for twenty years before it ends and then you find out that their paying all of those you fought and died against monthly checks to fight a war in Ukraine against Russia... You heard me correctly... Their paying Taliban and Al-Qaeda fighters to fight the Russians in Ukraine... What kind of sick game are they playing where are sons and daughters are killed by are so called enemies that now are being paid to fight where we need them too.... Thats just crazy and it makes me sick...
If the Biologists are telling everyone that climate change and animal extension are a threat to humanity. The White House needs to start paying attention. It will be too late when famine hits 8 billion people.
I came to this video because last year 2023 in the month of June I had a dream of a man who appeared to me and told me that the scientist are saying that by the year 2025 we will have a decline of our society. After I woke up from this dream I freaked out. I wonder about it so much that I decided to look for information about it online. That’s why I’m here listening and watching these videos.
.....
I call bull because everywhere you look there is plenty of land, god knows what he’s doing
PROPAGANDA
Greed.  Mass production.  Over population. Capitalism
We need to protect the national treasures, The Kardashians.
Where is there proof animals have no place to live? Think about it. Do you see animals running around everywhere cause there is nowhere for them to go?
There won’t be a mass extinction until God comes back. Trust and the lord and peace will follow.
The problem is technology. People are consumed with technology. There are nine tune with the nature surrounding them. If everybody was in tune with their surroundings, and not consumed with electrical gadgets, the world will be a better place. Everybody wants power for what at the very end of life or you’re surrounded with Things that you never gonna have or use, so what is power? Would you rather not spend a fortune to feed your family or yourself? The cost of living is too much people don’t want to surround himself positive vibes only way we’re gonna change with drastic measure, when the rich Have no place to eat. That’s when everybody’s gonna get online and stop over populating the world. There’s only so much food that we could produce to feed the population of human race. There has to be a of having so many kids it’s not like they’re gonna be living in the same house that they lived it was born in, they continued spreading like cockroaches and rodents, which just as bad as them whoever reads this. Hopefully I could change your mind and change in your habits self the way you live your life get a garden stop buying food from across the world stop by and stuff from across the worldcollusion and global warming is a real thing
No hope for this planet
@resolutionarybeing1885 0 seconds ago Think of the GaZillions of living beings who have given or had their lives taken so that humanity could survive and even thrive as a species on this earth. Now there are over 8 Billion of us on this planet. There are plenty of us to be able to give back to our awesome planet in one way or another; especially those among us who have taken far more than our fair share of resources and the life energy of living beings from across the full spectrum of life and from each other. We have taken and continue to take the most essential and precious resources needed to be able to come to a clear recognition and understanding of what we have demanded and been given by and from this our physical home planet.  A MESSAGE TO ALL OF HUMANITY NOW LIVING ON THIS PLANET EARTH: As we awaken let us give back to one another and to this our planet which has given us so much to enable our physical lives.                                                                                                                                         Let us return the goodness that we have been given, --to the planet and all the beings and all systems which have given us life and understanding. May we each bless and be blessed with goodness, understanding, health, well-being, love, Joy, discernment, Wisdom and may peace be spread.  I wish you the very best this day has to offer you and that you have to offer one another and this Planet.
We need alien technology so that we can go to other planet they can travel light speed
Not true. Easily 30 billion plus. We just need to care and work as a planet nit countries and isolated gangs.
"We,ve had it...," says it all.     Thank you, Prof. Ehrlich.
WWF and Google have just launched a new initiative called the Extinction Days Calendar in the hopes of saving endangered species one reminder at a time. Tragic but great initiative to combat the sixth mass extinction. Check it out
I disagree if someone said "we (as population) is breeding too much, our earth can sustain this much of people." No, we've plenty of food, and more than 1/3 of food that all population need goes to wasted. Not only that, since 1980's, our average fertility rate is decrease, because of access to education and equality job opportunities for women as well.  So, the main indicator of this sixth mass extinction is not how much human, but HOW MUCH companies/individual created exponential growth. If we let them control the narrative and created as if it's "our fault", without giving the responsibility of them as they should. We're not gonna fix this problem, until we all die.
We are coming to the end of another twelve thousand year climate cycle, pole shift and Sun nova. yet the UN are doing there bit towards 90% depopulation, did you take the poison? how many times?
8 billion people is manageable but not with the American way of life💪💸 💥 .  M. Ramsal Lionel🟥
And this is a big part of the reason that the globalists want to depopulate the planet.
Doomsday predictions, when one fails, come another. 1969. ''We must realize that unless we are extremely lucky, everybody will disappear in a cloud of blue steam in the next 20 years.” 1970. “Civilization will end within 15 or 30 years unless immediate action is taken against problems facing mankind.” 1970. “Scientist Predict a new Ice in the 21st Century.”  1974 “Spy Satellites Show New Ice Age is Coming Fast.” 1975. ''warning that global cooling would significantly impact agriculture. The climate is going to get unreliable. It is going to get cold 2000?. ''Global Warming,'' it will be hot and jezebel will be irritated. 2019 'The world is going to end in 12 yrs. ''AOC.''
Yep too many people
I am glad i am old and have memorias of a good life😊
No because of carp problems ! idiots pushing climate change when it's incompetent leaders. Letting flea markets sell species that don't belong in different countries
You mean planned!
THIS IS SO STUPID, ITS A SIN
it’s almost like this was predicted to happen, and the profit incentives and greed of the people in power prevented any action. humanity deserves this. the earth and its other billions of species sadly do not. it’s a shame something as spectacular as humans secured this as their fate.
Damn made a big mistake being born in the 2000's and not the fifties
Game over
American plan is to desertify earth. We need Forest to cool down and produce Rain and clouds,   they lest trees 50 meter aparat from each other. That dryes earth and induce desertification
Input this growth and consumption into AI and have it come up with a solution. When AI becomes self-aware, it will use its solution.
I eat less than 30% of what I used to eat. 1 meal today. I have had 1 bowl of oatmeal mixed with a half sweet potato, 2 tbsps of wheat germ, 1 tbsp of cacao, 2 tbsps of flax meal and 1 tbsp of psyllium powder. I have drank 1/2 cup of cacao, with a tbsp of raw coconut oil with a sprinkling of Ceylon cinnamon and cayenne pepper and 2 bottles of homemade ginger root green tea. No meat today. I might eat some popcorn and then no more eating until tomorrow afternoon.
That's bcuz earths purpose is to produce humans & so other animals dont matter anymore once humans come along.
lol ..propaganda
Every day that goes by, we are closer to extinction. Climate changes all the time. All this happens again and again on this planet. Big deal, get over it.
Maybe if they would stop spraying chemicals in the air, the animals and trees would stop dying.
Geo engineering...  😡
It's called constantly spraying our skies with toxins... 😡
We're all EFFED ...     Does anyone want to hear the truth?      No!
The planet can sustain us just fine , stop fear mongering
Since 1970 - the human population has DOUBLED:  2024 - we are currently in 6th Mass extinction because of human activity and every year using TWICE (x2) what the earth can replenish - when key species are removed from the ecological or food chain - the repercussions will collapse the entire natural system - we are destroying in decades what it would take nearly 20K years to do by natural selection.  We are killing ourselves by greed and selfish overpopulation.     Time for a serious thinning of the herd.
We can solve this by everyone working together, but we won’t and we will all suffer for it.
growing up in south Florida taking marine biology in high school, we spoke and saw how the planet is starting to show how it’s feeling!!
And this is why they created Covid-19 but it didn’t do what they thought it would.
The science of scaring the sh!t out of people, and the money out of their wallets.
I don't think Mr. Ehrlich is someone to whom we should listen.
Money. Thats what drives the problem! Say goodbye if you have someone to say goodbye to!
Kali Yuga
Human overpopulation...
Ok ...now I will ask you one question Mr. scientist , how does a guy from London affect wild life ? I mean People who live in the cities don't do any harm to wild lands , I think the corporate companies are killing the planet for money , agriculture can save humanity but the corporations they want us to buy food and not sustain ourselves that's the problem with the world , government they work with corporates to make money in taxes and we people and wild animals we have to suffer, the way to change the planet is to work together work our lands in courage farming it's more cleaner better food not using any chemicals just the old fashion way ....stop companies building on any land they want stop all the drilling all the wood cutting down
The seals were just chilling the other day in the Sacramento river munching on fish all day having a good ole time😂
The first so called mass extinctions were not because of over population.
The sky is falling....
main reason ?? one word.....GREED....specially the rich western countries.....
I think it would be a good thing for the earth 🌎
Meanwhile, if the entire world population lived in Texas, we would still be less crowded than New York City. Texas has over 268,000 square miles of land for a planet of 8 billion-plus people.  That would equate to approximately 30,000 people per square mile. Manhattan, on the other hand, boasts 67,000 people per square mile! That leaves us with a world population packed in Texas, with plenty of room for tourists.😊
1. Overcrowded cities ≠ overcrowded planet. The entire world population can fit in the state of Texas with the same population density as Manhattan. 2. Lopsided populations will inevitably occur in modern advanced nations. That means young workers will be unable to support aging populations, causing natural population declines. 3. ‘Malthusian traps’ refer to inevitable food shortages as populations grow. Either Malthus was right, and some of us go hungry (as in, we don’t need to halt population growth artificially), or he’s wrong. The population  keeps growing sustainably through innovation.
This is BULL$HIT, there is not too many people on this earth.
"If the earth dies, you die. If you die, the earth survives"
Fruits and veggies grown just grow
So the elite rich want the middle class to poor to make changes so they can go on enjoying there lifestyles like private jets ,yacht, eating rich caviar, 🖕
Program to be consumer junkies.
Wow, I hope this video wakes us up to our grim reality ! !
When I was in elementary, our school playground used to be full of bees, butterflies, and other insects during recess and we all used to play with the butterflies as kids. By middle school, they were all gone. The playground was just empty grass.
Wow. These idiots are teaching young people? God help us.
I blame religion as they wanted big familys the church wanted to be god
We dont live on a "planet" and dinosaurs never existed. Also they made a plan long ago to get rid of the less intelligent people by brainwashing them that there are too many and that when a plandemic comes its earth taking back what belongs to it when in reality they put a little something in yalls vaccines and convinced yall to take a biological weapon from the very people telling you that the world is overpopulated. I suppose its just darwinism as sad as that is to say.
Oh gosh. Lol. This is so wrong scientifically. Mass extinction WILL happen, but not from what you think. Don't worry about the earth, the earth has taken care of itself for millions of years. We don't need to interfere. Let nature happen. BTW, we are not at 8 bil, so many people are dying from so many events the last 30 years. Not to mention abortion has killed off many.
People keep standing in traffic like morons trying to stop oil use.  That's an extreme exaggeration  by politicians and corps to make money off you and instill fear to push selling batteries.  Earth has had many extinctions, many changes in climate. The poles where free of snow before and will be free of snow and ice again.  Its the cycle.  Fact....the Earth will be destroyed when the sun expands and engulfs it.  So unless we can leave this planet, with all the wildlife, they will all be extinct anyway.    No one is selling stop having babies? No they want a few million in a world of billions to recycle like it will make a dent.  Activist protest in the US and Europe? why are they not hopping a plane to China you burns more oil then both those areas combined?  Politics and to blame and scientist, like doctors, don't know everything.  Some species will die...but others will expand and prosper.
Let say the truth its to much greed and corruption that simple 😂😂😂the biggest problem is wicked mankind!! God has promised that soon wicked mankind will be no more!! Only the meak will live on earth forever in peace!!
Planned extinction. Population control at its finest.
Political greed and the political agenda are going to be the greatest challenges to change for the better.
So I guess it has nothing to do with all the dams the government built to control the free flowing water. There is no such thing as global warning wake up people its another way for them to gain control. Blame the mass and punish us by taking everything we k ow from us to completely depend on them.. Google flat earth backwards tell me why what comes up instead of flat earth. Its all made to confuse the mass gain control and turn it to one world order
We are fkd
We also constantly changing the surface of the earth from green trees n grass n dirt to metal roofs and roads that hold Temperature and make the air hotter
Earth's core is heating up due to cosmic waves influence (not by humans) causing earth magma to rise up to surface in cracks causing mega volcano eruptions, large devasting tsunamis etc
It’s called replenishment do your Jobs
It's about time I was getting tired
WWF   theres a credible source 😂
Extinction of people with common sense.
Elon Musk called people like this a death cult. The UN is the mother ship of these globalists who believe humanity needs to die off to save the earth and ultimately the human race. Some who grew up on SC-Fi believe we need to re-populate on another planet. As a Christian I believe the population is going to decline also, just not the way scientists and globalists believe it will happen. Be prepared for eternal life, not the short span of time we live here in this life.
Let's take care of our world
This guy's math is fear mongering
Im sitting in my wing back chair deeply inhaling while petting my bald kitty saying excellent excellent
I remember this article back in the 70's
Many friends who gather round , I hope your feeling safe and sound , we emphasize to make it clear our stumbling nations atmosphere , while looking through the looking glass our vision shows a storm may pass , when your gonna wake and see the SUN while you're waisting time and having fun ............. The SUN is about to consume all life on our Planet , many are not taking this serious , and most are not even paying attention ...............  smile
Stop it. Why do you produce negative. Everything the media does is demented.
So live your life to the best & keep god first & just sit & wait as the world comes to a end in 2050
Great news !
60 minutes isn't about news anymore it's about propaganda
This is the greatest scam the world has ever seen 🌍🌎🌏
People are actually not reproducing any longer like generations before. Elon Musk does talks on this. The population is actually declining.
Conservation is necessary
Ready ready earth is shrinking
Today the air is horrible
Y lo mas triste es que a ningun govierno le importa😔
This is black screen…perhaps being censored. Arrrgh. :(
She speaks about the loss of water for the land but that’s an issue humans can solve by actually creating more desalination plants along the coast.They have built some but demoncrats are selling water to Saudi Arabia and that’s a fact.Remove the people selling your water and you can then use it to help the land you live on.
but it has happen multiple times.  Lets get weird and try to change the universe!
The Cubans are depleting the oceans of fish!!!!!
A mass extension of common sense is what the western world is experiencing.
Ofcourse, all the satalites in space are blocking the sun for plants that produce clean air , then we have gasses that make plastics and other gasses its nuts  the dissteuction of man cause of greed it redic
Where is the Indian with his tears,this is basically Human Negligence Not Global Warming
OMG!!??! We're all going to die!!!!!!! Thank you 60 min
Thanks India and China, but mainly India.
This is absolute lunacy.
99.9% of species that have ever lived are extinct.  we're not that special folks.
DO NOT BELIEVE ANYTHING 60 MINUTES REPORTS EVER!!
Is what it is. Ready to get tf up outta this cruel a$$ world anyways…
Logistics and accountability
Countries want to be like the 1950+ American middle class..  Own a home, picket fence, 3.5 kids, 2 car garage etc.. ???
I just drove 1100 miles. Not one bug on my windshield.
Lies and half truths. Yes protect our environment. But almost all of these problems are by design. They are manufactured and well planned. They really are just prepping you to be culled. Get ready. It's not nature that will cause extinction it's your masters. The games over and if they can't win they are flipping the board over and nobody gets to play. Wake up people.
I believe we are feeding china and very little food for the United States of America who buying up the Sea food china is
I think china buying all the fish up
If we have too many people why do our politicians want to have an open border and unlimited immigration?
Yeah it’s called elites .
It's very scary to know for many years important people new this and haven't figured out how to stop the vanishing of the rain forest and other forest to help protect wildlife and farmers that is needed to feed the world or their own country and here we are today are children and grandchildren are going to suffer from what has been going on sense the 1960-70s or the start of that era ... And not only that we are now dealing with the endless of pandemic's like here in 2024 there's a new deadlier virus that causes heart failure.....
Tropical countries. I've been there.  In hot climates it's easy to cook food in a solar oven. But what do people do ? Keep cutting down trees to burn to cook with.
So. If you are a logger, after you cut down trees, should you replant ? If you are a fisherman, should you take part in replenishing the fish ? Well, stop complaining, put back what you take out !
Humanity is sustainable. Greed is not.
Time to go vegan!
✌️🌞💚🦋🦉⚖️💞🦅🥀🥀🍁🌾🍃🐾🐾👣🐅 RESPECT NATURE..you want IT on your side in these times Now. 💞⚖️🕸️🌻🌻
What a crock
Reforestation is essential. The planet is large enough. The deserts have to be cultivated.
I rember the sun was yellow not WHITE.
This what the news won’t put a journalist on stay woke people something coming 2024-2025 and it will hit us all
The MOTHER is coming for you
Laugh now cry later
The lies you tell
Lmao
Good, we don't deserve this planet.
Nothing lasts forever, this includes the human species.  After we are gone, another species will replace us, and so on and so forth until the sun becomes a red giant in about 5 billions years at which time the earth will be destroyed.  In the meantime, there are many intelligent species in this infinite universe that are going through the same evolution as us.  And the beat goes on, and on, and on, and on .............  So, don't worry, and be happy and enjoy the brief time that we are here.
BTW, the planet will be fine.  It will rid itself of humanity and be the beautiful blue ball that it has been for millions of years
Scientists conveniently avoiding the truth.  12000 years ago was a worldwide mass extinction due to global catastrophe.   Not 3 million years ago.   They don't want to scare us.
Greed devours all
END TIMES...... SATANS AROUND THE BEND !!!
That Green stuff!! The Global Warming stuff is a nut case!!     God is going to destroy he Earth with fire just like he said he would!!   Get right with God,  that will get ve you peace!
Id have to say they havent been to the state of maine , we have grizzles , black and tan wolf ,coyotes,  coys ,eagle's,  fantasic fishing in the streams lakes , rivers , ocean , pleanty of elk , moose , deer , id have to say my state doesnt go by these statistical drama .
Everything we consume is farmed except for fish we were told that fish is something you never eat farm you must eat it wild if you don't eat wild fish eating less you're less of a person that is something that was created by companies as a marketing ploy and it's stupid every vegetable every piece of beef every piece of chicken everything you eat is farmed
If we farm fish over cows we would have a massive positive impact on methane emissions. However this would require us Americans moving away from the British appetite. Brits like to eat cows in endless amounts of chicken the natives here in Florida a sea life we are surrounded by water it makes no sense that we spend our time raising pigs, cows and chickens
Caused by Joe Biden!
This is absolutely true. Hasta la vista baby.
california is high failure happening  on a daily tyme acceleration..... now peaking before our lives.
Fear mongering. God will provide.
And my science teacher told me there wouldn’t be and more fuel left by the time I learned to drive….and the ice age is returning…..oh wait that was when I was 13….im 60 now……lies… straight from hell
The pacific ocean is radioactive from the Japanese nuclear disaster.
Overpopulation is a lie. Look at New york City. If Texas was as populated per square foor as NYC you could fit 7.5 billion just in Texas . Look at montana New mexico, and hours of stretches in texas are empty. The problem is densely populated areas.   I hate these brain washing shows probably paid for by CNN
This guy has made a (too) long career waiving the over population banner with his doomsday prophecies. It’s a fact that the climate is changing and species are dying off, but his claim about the cause and cures are way off base. Sing a different tune, old man. 60 Minutes has had him featured many times since 1970, I know because I’ve seen them, and his predictions have not once panned out. He must be a descendant of the Millerites. A bad joke, I know, but so is his message.
Forget about us Humans!!! If we didn't exist this planet would be Perfect and the animals would Thrive!!!!😢❤
Wow... been listening now for over 5 minutes and still haven't heard the word "terror" used.... "horror" has been used so it's not a complete loss yet....
surprised they are still allowing comments here!   Don't really know where to start.....
This isn’t a human thing it’s the influence of western ideals
BS   Have you been in a plane lately?
Total bs, we currently grow enough food to feed a of 10 Billion people but 80% of world grain and legumes is fed to the 70 Billion animals bred for eating every year! That have deforested 1/3 of the Earths(Ice free) Land Mass, for animal ag feed, blaming the worlds problems on human population is Fascistic. It is othering the problem to poor countries that have bigger families, but have nothing to do with the climate crisis or any big social problem. That is caused by the meat based, throwaway consumer lifestyles of the minority of people who live in wealthy countries!.
Going on the history books as the “primitive species” killing off wildlife due to greed!
The humans have taken everything from everyone else. They will basically never be extinct
5 more earths he doesn't know what he's talking about
Most of the problem comes from CHINA. They've overused and mismanaged their natural resources to the point that they're now establishing themselves in other countries, such as Africa via the Belt and Road Initiative. I've watched videos where THOUSANDS of boats are on the ocean to fish, their waters are HORRIBLY polluted - their utter disregard for their natural resources is STAGGERING in it's scope and depth of carelessness.
BS.....
This is all predicted in Revelation in the bible.Combine that with the other prophesies ,ie war in.Israel and we are in the End Times.Make yourself right with God
Go vegan
60 minutes and their BS propaganda.
Mother nature knows how to self correct. She doesn't need humans to intervene
The world is not overpopulated. Man is excessive, not efficient, very wasteful, polluting and obviously power hungry and greedy. Harmony is not achieved. There are vast open places with many natural resources available.
Its only greedy people that are killing the planet... it's up to the people to stop them...
Uh, no. Idiocracy abounds.
Before I return I will melt the elements with fervent heat! Author; Jesus “Emmanuel” Christ
I think every fishing boat should be responsible for mating fish to put into the environment numbers that they took. Boats are huge amounts. You shouldn't be able to take away from something so much without putting it back. In Colorado they had these fish hatchery nursing lake. I thought they did this all over. 😅
Go back through the years count  how many said we will all starve to death by 2016. We will be dead by ozone , 2018 . Biggest global lie of all times.
Sad
A cataclysmic event is upon our steps Yet we argue about trivial crap People will die by the millions
The navy warfares in the seas and oceans will extinct the fishes faster.
Microwave cars...well done Einstein.
They don’t need salmon. Just grow weed now.
To watch the guy with five big boats and knowing his family owns a huge part of the salmon extinction problem cry makes you wonder. It's he worried about the salmon or the fact he helped cause the extinction?
How can you teach your kids how to be emotionally strong for good mental health?  Spend more time with them.  And because he world has gotten so crazy, restrict their time when they're out & about on their own or with friends.  The world has become so volatile & people's emotions are controlling their actions.  People seem less & less able to compose themselves & self regulate their anger.  .  This puts us all in danger.  I know we don't want to assume the worst in anyone, our brains can't seem "to go there", we're surprised by sudden anger & violence.  We'll say something like " I knew he was having troubles & doing strange things but never thought he'd go off the deep end".  We ignore the signs because we don't want to believe it can happen to someone we know.  We don't want to seem pushy to talk about mental health.  We don't want to get involved.  No, we'd just rather wait until the problem goes away.  But it doesn't, it festers & puts us all in danger. We need to see the signs & have a phone number to call so we can just tell our concerns & not feel like we're being a busy body & without being asked a thousand questions about ourselves ( some but not too many - its probably why many incidents go unreported) & so that the police (maybe some plains clothes health assessment officers & not necessarily a SWAT team!) can calmly monitor the situation.  They can decide if the individual(s) need help. Unfortunately, some police departments write off the signs as well - even when the person has been reported to them many times (like a recent mass shooter). We can do better! We all need to see the signs & have a phone number to call so we can just tell our concerns & not feel like we're being a busy body & without being asked a thousand questions about ourselves ( some but not too many - its probably why many incidents go unreported) & so that the police (maybe some plains clothes health assessment officers & not necessarily a SWAT team!) can calmly monitor the situation.  They can decide if the individual(s) need help. Unfortunately, some police departments write off the signs as well - even when the person has been reported to them many times (like a recent mass shooter).  Nothing's perfect & police need more funding so that they can have the correct professionals on staff to handle these situations. So we all have to step up to the plate to report & address MENTAL health issues before the person loses control.
The people of the world don’t care about you or I, they only care about themselves. The future is just that to them, the future belongs to the future and is not their problem. They are in this world for themselves and they are the only ones who matter. This will never change because there are more people who will never change. We as a species will eventually destroy ourselves because this is human nature.
“They (climate change people) want to impose real costs on Americans now, in exchange for speculative and hypothetical damage that might occur 20 years from now,”   “Their goal is to change your life because of their claim that [climate change] is affecting everybody on the planet, and it’s essentially your fault,”  “So, they want to change the way you drive. They want to change what you eat. They want to change the temperature in your home.”      “If enough people are making money on the ‘solution,’ the problem will never go away,”
The planet wont be fine.  If were not here all nuclear power plants will meltdown without us watching them.. that alone all over the world will be enough to destroy the rest if the planet
No wonder mothers fighting back 😊
Many countries that cannot feed there population need to move to a 2 child per couple system...to reduce the populations in poorly run countries...this way the world will finally start to recover...
End of the world!! My friends!
Humanity in Our World Have to Unite to Save Ourselves and Our World 🙏
It's not rocket science, it's math.  Too many people = Zero resources.  There are no infinite resources on Earth to support inhumane humanity, with no regard to other species but themselves.  End of story.  Earth will be fine, we will be gone due to our own neglect.
And they all stand to make a lot of money off it. Wake up SHEEP! DRILL BABY DRILL!
“GLORY to GOD” The CREATOR of ALL UNIVERSE & beyond ALL. The EARTH is NOT even 6000 years old yet, but VERY CLOSE. GOD created everything in 6 days & 7th RESTED. When EARTH TURNS to EXACT 6000 years old then LORD JESUS is COMING & we enter in MILLENNIUM which is the BIG REST. PRAISE our LORD & THANK YOU LORD JESUS our KING & MAJESTY is coming very soon.  “I AM the WAY, the TRUTH, and the LIFE. NO one comes to the FATHER EXCEPT through ME. John 14:6. For GOD so LOVED the WORLD that HE gave HIS only begotten SON that whoever BELIEVES in HIM should NOT PERISH. John 3:16. Truly Time is at HAND believe in LORD JESUS CHRIST & may you be SAVED from the WRATH, JUDGMENT & ETERNAL HELL that is COMING up on ALL the EARTH. Start reading from Book of JOHN in the BIBLE. “MARAN ATHA”
I was a skidder operator doing logging. When I was working grandfather pine trees was putting off better air cleaner it was nice. When I got on a track that was fast growing pine trees made in a lab to fast grow the air was different bad not nice. I don't think those lab trees are helping. They might have been made in a lab in china. People need to know it's hurting alot and they are planting alot more of them. Thank you for your time
Climate change blah blah blah.
25 years from now, absent divine intervention, this planet will be lifeless.
No it will not happen , but humanity Will exist as in the past with less technology ❤
This planet will kick us off of it and keep right on going to let the next lucky next species come along and take over and they're flying in their Skies right now and we're not killing the plan either with our automobiles that's a lie lie lie every time a volcano burps it puts another missions in the air to cover you and I was automobile yeah I think it's a little ridiculous how we pollute the highways and byways with automobiles going cheap from work
JAPAN has polluted the pacific ocean with fukashima,and they are still spraying the skies,somebody is lying,salmon fishing is directly affected by the fukashima radiation,never here about it anymore,right,why? WHY?
Since 1970, more than 4.5 billion more human beings. We're an endangered species, too. War for profit rules the planet.
I love how, after all the apocalyptic news, they come in with the hopium…
3:20 this man is equally as stupid he just hides it better. There's not too many people and this planet could support 10 billion people if done smartly but one thing he said is spot on and there's just simply too much consumption and we should have  re-thought this a long time ago because even a fool knows that a consumption-based economy that relies on year to year growth consuming more next year than we did last year is unsustainable in the entitled narcissistic parasites over-represented in positions of authority and power recognize this as well and are leveraging it for their own advantage. Will we ever learn to stop letting criminals and parasites run all of the most important institutions in society? I think it is doubtful and I hope we do but I believe that's probably just wishful thinking which is never an adequate substitute for realistic expectations. We are the Apex predator for the entire planet with nothing to keep us in check so I guess it makes sense that we be Our Own Worst Enemy because nothing else can fill that role
0:40 lucky for us Mother Nature has already done all the hard work and has built-in corrective measures already in place because you can't count on self-absorbed self-serving self-important people to ever do anything right that makes any sense beyond whatever they feel like does at any given time and subject to change without notice
Just live our life, pray and drink some tea.
Mass extinctions occur more often than previously thought and they occur according to a fixed time schedule. Scientists are walking in the dark as long as they ignore ancient texts, like the Indian Mahabharata and the Mayan Popol Vuh, that tell us that our planet Earth is suffering from a cycle of seven natural disasters. Those disasters are causing a huge tidal wave, massive floods, earthquakes, volcano eruptions, hurricanes, and a bombardment of fiery meteors every few thousand years. Several animal species become extinct and mankind hardly survives.  At the end it covers the earth with a layer of wet mud, a mixture of sand, clay, lime, fossils of marine and terrestrial animals, gravel and meteorites. That mud layer hardens and becomes a new horizontal layer on top of many others. The only possible natural cause of this cycle can be a ninth planet in our solar system, orbiting our sun in an eccentric orbit. The last time that this planet 9 was close to our sun and planets was just before our era. It is seen and depicted. If you don't know this cycle, history is incomprehensible. To learn much more about the cycle of recurring floods and its timeline, the recreation of civilizations and ancient high technology, read the eBook: "Planet 9 = Nibiru". You can read it on every computer, tablet or smartphone. Search: invisible nibiru 9
There’s only been one mass extinction event but no one believes the truth
Shame on you 60 minutes. 😂
Could it be that this has happened to humans before? We reached an advanced state and then suffered a mass extinction. Taking us back to the beginning? Could be our natural cycle. Like swarming locusts.
I was 3 in 1970. Gen X has watched it happen. I remember standing on the banks of the Rogue River when I was 8 yo and I would see not only salmon but steelhead longer than I was tall. Now it's not like that. Hasnt been for years. Rarely see steelhead. Salmon not as plenty. 😢
This is why Robert Kennedy Junior should be President. He understands what is at stake.
What will Earth come up with to replace us, I wonder. Giant rats waging war on hideous armadas of thousand-pound mosquitos and fleas? Mushroom utopia? An octopus in a three piece suit? Wow!
We are in the middle of the worst extinction event since the permian era.  no one believes it. Don't worry we aren't killing the earth we're killing ourselves and she'll be here long after we are gone.
Capitalism = cannibalism. This addiction sees only drug = consumption. Decentralised economy and power is step forward.
Don't worry about overpopulation, Gates is taking care of that 😢
When you can drive for MILES upon miles in about any country without seeing a soul. STFU... DAMN
I think this is the only way mother earth can restore itself
People should stop having to many kids everybody wants a family to protect but having like 7 children is not necessary I bet this world will change if a great deal of the earth just wore protection when having sex life would balance out. Also more people means more things have to be produced for daily living which also means more pollution. 🤯🤯
In the early 1970's I joinef Zero Population Growth as a result of reading this book.  ZPG advanced the idea that we only replace ourselves. Now, at 74 yrears, I am in the surreal position of seeing what is coming to pass. Maybe I could spend some of my remaining years working w/WWF.  Hmmm. . . .
Good.
Hilarious!  I love watching satirical comedies like this, where everyone looks so serious, yet they're saying the dumbest things! 😅😂  This whole "worshipping the created, rather than the Creator" is off the charts!  Actually it's sad and spiritually disturbing. I do feel bad for these folks that are living such gloom-and-doomed lives.  We have almost 3 times as many people as we did in 1970, and most of us are thriving daily, yet these comedians and actors continue to try to convince us that the world is coming to an end because of US!!  The world will end when it's God's will.  Truth.
This is an orchestrated mass extinction caused by the illegal spraying of coal fly ash/poison/aluminum oxide into the air; this is a clear and obvious violation of The Chemical Weapons Convention and Geneva Protocol. Nefarious actions of a few are to blame, not cars, not gas ovens, and certainly not We The People, who are being attacked by this insanity.
Well this was a big eye opener to me. What they are saying makes sense. Thank you 60 minutes for broadcasting this. 😢
Como todas plagas tienen su punto de ruptura eso incluye por supuesto la plaga humana.
"Why do I care, I'll be dead in a few years" Baby boomers
That is why basically pandemics happen to keep the human population on check
Mother nature made us smarter for the purpose of helping it all continue to survive in an eternal balanced cycle reaction remember????
After watching this I’m bout to go recycle
Grizzly bears have been gone from California for 100+ years. People killed them all because they didn't want to be eaten anymore.
It’s not heat or tidal waves or earthquakes or over-crowding or nuclear war that will extinct us.  It’s the little things that we don’t think matter.  A truck driver used to stop at every truck stop East to West coast to clean his windshield now, which was 6 or so years ago now. He can drive the whole way without stopping.  Do you want to see The End Of The End of The World? Look for the bugs. 5th grade science, food chain collapse under way, you’ve already missed the first half. We’ve lost 50% last 30 years. We have half of that at best.  We can’t live without the bugs, the planet will thrive once we’re gone in far less than 30 years.  You want to know when, look for the scientists.
God controls the climate, this is nothing but a lot of BS , this is a globalist agenda to become a one world government. In my opinion they don’t believe in GOD , and they’re evil . I know GOD IS IN CONTROL. Thank You my Lord and Savior Jesus Christ.
According to science C-19 was fatal and the vacs were safe.
Um u get all they got to do is flip a switch and it snows showers or rains
We have an abundance of food
that guy didnt predict warming in the 60's... he was just copying that from the people who did in the 60's (iron fertilization) .... hes just trying to sell fear of over poopulation... poopulation globally might decrease if derivative keeps lowering...  the rest of the.world getting a higher standard of living (burning more energy using more stuff) is the real principle ... just trying to sell fear to 80IQ peeps
We just lost a species of hand fish, which had a very limited geographic range, like in Australia
Im so happy to about the Jaguars they are my favorite big cat❤
We need to stop using money and find alternatives for survival. Teach basic survival skills to our children and grandchildren
We are animals being disregarded just like them we are next Thanks To Lack Of Any Foresight By Our Great Leaders Who Cant Even Talk Yea Good Thing The People Pick Our Leader's!!!! NOT !!!!!!
Agricultural practices, too, need to adapt sustainably; embracing practices that reduce carbon emissions and fortify food systems against the vagaries of climate change is integral to our collective resilience.
😂😂😂😂😂 sure thing UN and wef!
This is so fake
about time. Gates should have started this years ago if he cared about the environment as much as he preaches.
Some scientists say we’re underpopulated. Who should I believe?
Who fund's the Science? Just a question?
Do you think it is possible it a POLE SHIFT to many people for pole shift
Back to tribalism folks...
Propaganda… be sure to buy electric vehicles, solar panels, and vote for windmills. All the politicians have stocks in these things and they need their money. Be sure to be scared into buying these “climate savers” so these corrupt politicians can make their millions 😉 🧐
😂 Lol more propaganda from the left. Be sure to buy those electric vehicles they have stocks in, don’t forget the solar panels too. Windmills worked great for Texas when they froze in 2020 and millions were without power. They make money off our fear. An example; during Covid Phizer made billions and those invested in Phizer, like “Dr.” Fauci, made millions. Coincidence or corruption 🧐
Gonna need a list of all species that are niw extinct.   Not threatened, not reduced numbers...
We are still discoverung new species of even VERTABRATES faster than we are extincting species.
Depopulization. Coming soon near you.
Gosh, who to believe? Leading environmental scientists or Republican politicians backed by big oil?  It's so confusing! Global warming is a hoax. As proven by Republican Senator James Inhofe, Oklahoma with a large snowball. That's good enough for me. 😂
Yet with all of your exhausted efforts, the earth, after an estimated 7.5 billion years without your help, somehow endures.  Truly amazing
Im wondering if animals are just hiding to protect themselves from humans, turns out some whales species did that because scientists saw more than they thought existed out at sea. It's sad that animals feel the need to hide like that just to keep themselves safe and from going extinct because of human greed, it shouldn't have to be that way.
Did the Mayans send us the alerts Houndres Heras ago?? They says they suffers the 5 extinction?.
Well, everytime a storm is brewing off the coast of Southern California rhe planes take the air and emit aerosol trails of chemicals which create a cloud layer that very obviously heats up the atmosphere when the sun's radiation hits the particles within this artificial cloud thus creating an artificial high pressure system thus redirecting or weakening the approaching low pressure systems. They have been doing this all over the country. They are creating this drought. They are creating this warming.  They are going to make us pay for it. They want to control agriculture, water and eventually the air. You will see..Create the crisis then be the savior by providing a solution that infringes upon your rights, freedoms and pocket books. They do this right over your heads but you do not pay attention
The developers are destroying the planet not the rest of us
Thank you donors
Beings on earth are a joke.
We are killing ourself
There is only one solution to combat this problem. Tax the people. More taxes. Hello.
Why in the world would anybody be listening to Ehrlich? He's like the proverbial stopped clock, proven wrong over and over and over, and here 60 Minutes is, cherry picking fragments of his past predictions to present him as relevant in the desperate hope that this stopped clock will be correct this time. They are missing the entire point of Julian Simon, who won his famous 10-year bet against Ehrlich and his predictions, and who was not some rose-colored glasses optimist. The point Simon made was that greater numbers of humans bring real problems, but also the ingenuity to tackle those problems and emerge even stronger than when we started. Doom and gloom prognosticators like Ehrlich rarely contribute anything useful to the conversation, but they and their predictions remain the siren's song of edutainment shows like 60 Minutes because they're so easy for people to hear, believe, and feel informed by. Consider the fact that Ehrlich made his bet with Simon in 1980, lost in 1990, would have lost it again in 1990-2000, and yet again in 2000-2013 (the extra 3 years being for the recovery from the banking crises of 2008-2009). Ehrlich has his defenders who try and pick specific post factum time periods where Ehrlich would have won, yet long term analysis over nearly a century of data shows that the trend Simon was describing is supported by the data and really only deviates during sudden high-impact global events like world wars and economic recessions before once again resuming the trend directly after. Ehrlich has not changed his views in the face of contradictory evidence over the past 50 years. He continues to offer the same flaccid conclusions he delivered in the 1970's, right down to the identical "in 20 years our society will collapse" nonsense, but we humans seem to have a built-in predilection towards believing that things are getting worse all the time and the end is nigh, interpreting everything in the darkest possible sense and convinced that the collapse of our way of life is imminent. But this kind of panicky-animal thinking rarely leads to productive solutions. Ehrlich himself, just FYI since 60 Minutes seems unwilling to mention it, was a big proponent of the forced sterilization of the world, which was converted into a call-to-action as the forced sterilization of the world's poor, to stop his "Population Bomb". You should be better than this, 60 Minutes.
This is terrifying & sad
All the grizzlies moved to Alaska because California sucks.🤣🤣🤣
This was last year come take look at all the natural disasters going on around the world -November 2023-
🥺🥺🥺
Stop the scare tactits , most of our lands are unpopulated , and thats in every aingle countrym you know libtrds will take you seriously and make your propoganda political.
now dont forget your luxury cars huge mansions buring energy now dont forget all that syrt
I seriously hope that our global population will never EVER reach to 9 billion let alone 10 billion people so we don’t drain earth if it’s Natural Resources and so we can let the natural world rebuilt and restore biodiversity because we rely on biodiversity to survive and we are in serious trouble if all of it gets wiped out.
Stop lying about the wealthy donors, the Mexican government has implemented a reforestation program where is paying the Mexican families. The wealthy in Mexico have never gave two cents for things to get better.
Climate Change = CC = 33 The Climate has always been controlled. Proof of all CLAIMS made in this Video are Required.
Mass Extinction = 33 Scientists said it eh? Are these the same Scientists who insisted that the Covid vaccines were 100% safe?
I don’t think global warming is a bad thing. It’s time for the human species to end, so balance can be restored on earth and new animal species thrive over the next millions of years.
Mass Extinction? Bad title. No is the answer. There is no scientific consensus on mass extinction. Cyclical warming or cooling is normal. Salinity declines will not wipe out entire species. Coastal erosion? Yes. Famine? Dig wells, educate and in some cases move the populous out of Arid areas. Migration is a part of nature, some locations are historically more extreme than others. Animals migrate. Humans should move permanently from extreme environments. California’s environment is artificially maintained and at great cost. Climate change in Midwest America is quite manageable.
Salmon have been overfished, this why the salmon industry has dinimished.
Only if the nations of the world can force China to be responsible, is there any way to slow things down.  We all know that isn't reality !
So if "climate change" is causing extinctions, how do they have any "successes". Did they cool down those parts of the world? This just another propaganda piece.
Couldn’t come soon enough humans are destroying themselves and the world. Fed up with it.
😂😂😂😂😂😂
If anyone thinks they can do anything at all that the Earth doesn't let them do l,we are as natural as any organic thing here and we are all connected to not only every thing here but it ripples through the the universe  as well the double split experiment proves it
Calling BS
Wow what a pack of lies
Pretty much comes down to our way of life in the last hundred years kills everything around it. Cars, plastics, light, noise and it’s always expanding
Climate change is a power and money grab folks. Don't believe everything the "media" tells you.
Is this serious? Umm nets, fishing lines, plastics and  leaking fuel lines have nothing to do with it.... come on get real!
There´s too much BS here.
Did all of the failed societies of the planet end because of religion. Or the cult following?
Grab something for free and sell it, capitalism baby. Plants animals free take advantage of mother earth.
It’s been happening since automobile and all these machinery was invented because these inventions although Benedicial to productivity, they cause imbalance in the system
And when does the earth experience a mass extinction of the human race?  !
On a positive note the earth will recover and 1000 years from now there will be no evidence humans were ever here.
This is ridiculous
False
That's a little redundant: sure. 100% when. Where cost?  Why the urgency?  Are we going to all die from this?
Deadly sin of Greed
What about geoengineering?
😂😂😂
Oh noooo I need my electric car, 🤣 paid for science to sell a narrative. PATHETIC
God said sex is for married people,if you have sex and not married YOU ARE SINNING
Media lies this is proof
That picture of the rhinos overlooking the city is nairobi,kenya. Only city with national park smack in the centre anywhere in the world.
Fake news
False , everyone on the planet can fit in texas so........its government and poachers period ,
JUST LOOK AT THIS DUDE. He lies for a living...
Looks like this was filmed in 1999 😂
Oh yeah....  There are speices going extinct every day.... 😂😂😂😂  Name the last three spieces to go extinct...
Old news
More lies
Yay, we got 40 years or less. And its all your fault.
There places people can't leave because of nuclear waste, people have slaves digging for rocks that's valuable to them. People playing with the weather causing hurricanes and tornadoes. People building damns stopping the water natural flow
We are about to see never before events with AI Never mind 2070
Another worry for mankind is that of oxygen depletion. When i was a child in the 1960's our atmosphere contained 24% oxygen. Today 60 years later that figure is down to 20%. We are using oxygen faster than nature can replace it. But still we destroy the things that produce it.  8 billion of us, with our lifestyles, are heading for extinction within the next 100 years.
It has nothing to do with humans and a lot to do with the UNIVERSAL re-cycle  every 12ks   stop making humans feel guiltt for something NO human have the power to cause...  look at what is happening  at The other planets  they all are experiencing  "climate changes"   and NO men cause that...  humans  stop been soooooo naive believing in those who wants to tax you to oblivion  so they can build their "arks"  while  making you feel guilty..
They been told
Will anyone agree to vote Arnold back in so we can gauge our green foot prints??? And agree to not drive your car on Sundays to kickstart a plan??? 👀. 🎉😊
I think this is all mis management  of our activities. This documentary is misleading.
Fear mongering sells
China is now going through DEFLATION. That means they have excess production. This is starting with pork. That means too much production. THe world population is in decline. There needs to be some balance instead of PANIC in this stupid media.
I'm glad let the animals live.
_ all species on earth will eventually go extinct - thank you for your 'time' !
Yes i hate it.  Im glad i dont have children.  Im English in France i try to continue buying for the birds to nest and bees to pollinate.  Theres alot of small birds here clear skies at night.
BS
They forgot to mention humans going extinct.
Mans greed will always destroy the earth
We need desalination man made lakes
60 minutes just went extremely    woke
6billion last year so how did it go 2plus more????
Absolutely,not only to animals. Climatic changes may appear to mean the annihilation of the  worlds human and animal population. Leaders of the world have no wisdom,except the power of weapons and greed,religion of the world.
Bs art
Everything stated here is wrong….. one earth can hold many more then we have… the main countries that are destroying the world are China and a few others and it’s a fact! They strip everything and don’t care about filters on their factories or anything soooo sick of no one pointing out the truth that takes 2 minutes of research to see by their own documents
"70% of the world is taken by humans..." And most of that is for food. Animal agriculture is killing us and the planet. Very few people want to change to a plant based diet even a little.
Charity to pay farmers is amazing! Love it!
95% loss of life in Latin America? Wow!
Thanks...Youtube
Certain people need to quit selling American water rights to foreign companies.
Vote for trump no wait vote for biden no wait.....
Bill Gates is saving the planet from the humans.
Stop letting corporations poison are planet and our minds.
As soon as he said fossil record, I knew this piece was BS.
It doesn’t help when science meets technology and knows no bounds. Oh and the amount of destruction caused by wars that are just another way to cut the people numbers.
The Creator said to go forth and multiply... World Government says no. You will grow and eat what WE say you can. You will go and live where WE say you can.  Judgement is coming. Revelation 11:18 He Is coming to destroy those who are destroying the earth. He created it. It's His. He created Life. Everything living is His. Judgement is coming & the global elite governments know it.
It was Ed Wilson who first theorized this many decades ago in Diversity of Life.  Great book, and hopefuly 60 minutes gives him credit.
Let's ask them time travelering Avengers to let Thanos do his thing 😂 we letting Earth thrive without us doing the most.
Before you buy into the doom and gloom, ask these so called scientist to provide you with a list of every species that has gone extinct in the past 20 years. They will tell you they can't because they don't know they exist. As for bees, Honey bees are not native to North America, I wonder how things grew here before the Europeans brought them here?
Revelation
Oh, for goodness sake, hasn’t anybody here flown across your country and seen the immense amount of space? Please stop being brainwashed.
The people should be paid to replant the forest/jungle.!
LEAVE IT TO HUMANITIES GREED....THIS WILL BE THE DOWNFALL FOR EVERYTHING ON THIS EARTH!!!! PREPARE YOURSELVES, JESUS IS COMING AND MAY GOD BLESS US ALL.
We’ve been in a mass extinction event for the last 12,000 years.
The all mighty doller is all they care for the lust of money
Dear God, when I complained about not being envolved in big events, I DID NOT MEAN THIS
Is this the propaganda spread by the oil industries to cover the destruction they cause every place they go...lets get out ahead of this and tell everyone its global warming..
Wars will destroy us before!
We treat the earth as if we had somewhere else to go.
It’s like this joke . The  Rabbi said to the Hindi “ So you believe in reincarnation? Hindi said yes I do. Rabbi says then how do you explain there’s more and more of us all the time. The Hindi says because there’s less and less of everything else!”
Might wanna just run a file over the chain first, then cut. 😏
Most or there evidence is bogus. We had a mass extension between 12,800yrs to 11,600 yrs ago. Another one about 8000 yrs ago. Humans did not cause them.
I can’t believe how many people are buying this crap, the population has been declining since the 70s, what an interesting coincidence, green energies are made by the fossil fuel industry, electric cars require the mining of rare earth minerals, solar is not recyclable, neither are wind turbines, wind turbines pull more energy from the grid than they put in, that’s why in certain areas in Australia the price of electricity has risen…..it’s only where wind turbines are because we’re paying for the energy they pull from the grid…..co2 drops below 180ppm and the forests die and 30% of the northern hemisphere becomes ice, the ocean produces 90% of the carbon released into the atmosphere, not humans. Carbon is essential for life, increase carbon and forests thrive, commercial greenhouses have their carbon set to 1000ppm…..wonder why duh……the earths oceans are warming from the core, global warming is a 12,000 to 13,000 year cycle which has happened multiple times. We are in that cycle right now, oceans warming from the core and super volcanoes, it’s a magnetic migration. Anyone who thinks in terms of human history instead of earths history is missing a huge amount of information.
Listen again. If I am in intellect below average, where does that place the people that absorb some fool's words of untruth? Unsustainable? Let your ears hear this word: Genesis 22:17 that in blessing I will bless thee, and in multiplying I will multiply thy seed as the stars of the heaven, and as the sand which is upon the sea shore; and thy seed shall possess the gate of his enemies;...  Jeremiah 33:22 As the host of heaven cannot be numbered, neither the sand of the sea measured: so will I multiply the seed of David my servant, and the Levites that minister unto me.  Revelation 20:8 and shall go out to deceive the nations which are in the four quarters of the earth, Gog and Magog, to gather them together to battle: the number of whom is as the sand of the sea.  There are 30 entries of the word, sand.  My only advantage over YOU truly is that I have seen the beach.
We have sooooo much land. That is not wven occupied at all. And is a holding place for the mega rich. Dont give me this over population its about control it always has been.
I firmly believe that humans will breed themselves to extinction. This planet can only hold a certain amount of us and if the world population grew by 4.5 billion in just 50 years, then it will be well over 12 billion in another 50 years, probably more. How many humans does it take to completely destroy the planets resources, and inadvertently, ourselves?
Planet will be fine we are going bye bye
Humans....hopeless.  "The 3 powers that rule the world: Power, Greed, Stupidity" - Albert Einstein
…..🤔🤔 a possible solution?? Climate Change is the plan…
Jesus Christ I’m so glad I was born 50 years ago I don’t have long left and I’m disgusted with our planet, our governments, our people I just can’t anymore I’m done with it! I’m heartbroken and disillusioned with humanity as a whole 😢 😢 😢
We are really really going to have mass extinction for real and it WILL HAPPEN SOONER than you think!
People only do something just before they see it’s too late. Then, it’s too late. But, we have all been WARNED so many many times 😮
The Rich & Powerful want everyone else to die and go away.
There is no Climate emergency. CO2 increases don't raise temps. Vice versa. Earth CO2 levels are at all time lows.
We aren't "killing our way of life." We are killing LIFE. Over-population isn't the problem. Over-consumption and over-production and over-destruction and over-polluition are the problems. The glimpse of hope you had at the end is ridiculous. Why don't you address the actual problem? CAPITALISM and the BURNING OF FOSSIL FUELS  are the problems. Did you try to interview Elizabeth Kolbert, the author of The Sixth Extinction?
It’s the very politics of the people on the show that are the problem talk about a hypocrite
The oceans have experienced a major die off in the last few years. Ten more and the planet will shed all ability to sustain life.
Listen to their assessments, money money money, CHI-CHING....Listen Carefully....! CHA-CHING Thank your GOD
The earth isn't in any trouble we are. The earth will heal and be better than it is now.
Who is responsible for the sixth mass extinction: search for "The Great Disasters (Part 5)"
SHOCKING!!! 😮😢😮 But not shocking. Those of us paying attention are only allowed to pay attention. We are not allowed by the super special powers of the day to make a move yet. The powers through the Centuries have always been thinking about one thing. MONEY! That’s it and when you think about MONEY,  I suppose they are right. Money in their minds will live forever. Animals, Humans die off quickly, they are not forever. No one can compete with Money. It is the GOAT! This is why the powers have it in mass quantities, THEY WILL NEED IT for themselves. They are not going to let go of it. 😂 Money and the Wealthy will survive with the planet. The Wealthy class has always know you stick with Money. They don’t care about the animals or humans. Their interest is only in Money.
Most did not have a place to live, so it is no surprise that animals are also in the same condition. But if you were going to train humans the same way as animals, then sure you are in the right direction.
hi :))
This is proof we must all buy EVs. Save the planet by buying 2 or 3 EVs.
😢😢😢
This is BS they are trying to ram down your throat.
If the western countries stop using DEWs to burn down beautiful places in nature to drive people out and into 15 minute cites then animals that live there also wont suffer.If the people start responding to tyrant so called leaders the way William Wallace did, we can end these lies.
Bring it on!
Haha it’s 60 minutes people. If they don’t have “interesting” shows no one will watch ergo no money
To deny Global Warming and Mass Extinction is to deny Man's intelligence.
About time!
By 2026, there will be NO LIFE ON PLANET EARTH !
No rain is because of Sin , to much rain is because of Sin
Politicians are argueing whether or not homans are causing climate change, whether or not it will impact us. None of them are looking at the bigger picture.
like five times before, without it there would be no people. amen
Him and his donors gone go take over that land they paying them people for when that time comes 😩😩😩
How dare you compare us to the Dinosaur’s 😂🤣🤣
It’s not over population, it’s GREED!
Around eight minutes in where it's mentioned that only a third of the wild is left is mentioned in scripture. How could We deny We need Our Creator? When everything created is at threat by Our inadequate ways...  It's all actually happened so fast, within less than two centuries most this damage has been done.   We've Gone from no major industry to industry everywhere. These major corporations who play God are giant's, just like the day's of Noah, the majority of the population  like David, against  corporation's.  These days were predicted scriptually before any scientist's accreditation was granted. A Third of the waters and a third of the tree's, and that's where we are at!   If it weren't for The Promises Given, that A Redeemer has accomplished, I'd have no hope, to stand on.  These days are numbered.  HalleluYah that it is written. HalleluYah that He sees All.  HalleluYah that His Word is True.
Scientist are quick to recommend depopulation , eating crickets , and living in a tyrannical lockdown state with 5 minute cities .  Never once do you hear that perhaps they should dramatically trim the waste , consumption and spending of our govts, perhaps because they are being paid by the govt to promote this doom and gloom .. interesting also how a lot of schemes are nothing more then a wealth transfer to the government and their elitist mouthpieces..  When you drive down the countryside and see miles of barren land you realize theirs plenty of room.  We need to be better recyclers and live more harmoniously with nature ..
Well stop the Geoengineering then, Stop the poisoning of the entire planet (chemtrails which certain authorities have admitted to doing now) & dismantle your HAARP weather warfare machines & nature will recover.
We as humans need forest, prairie, swamp, desert.  Humans need plants.  They don’t need us.  Look how much USA has paved over.  All this and we don’t have universal healthcare
The white man did this😂😂
Extinction to take place in 2103. Nuclear power plants need to be shut down before that.
And still people continue to have 4-8 children and we  continue to try to feed everyone instead of promoting and requiring birth control!
glad someone is finally addressing this!
I'm not talking apartments on the coast I'm talking you needn't you need another job you don't need this job anybody who lies like this to the people needs to not ever talk to the people again
Globalization, communism and capitalism are a failed greedy system
Trust me plague is coming cause God is not going to let man destroy the Earth
Ick not the depopulation agenda narrative again😑
As a whole the population of earth is going down
Believe it or not the government got a hand in all this depopulation bringing more brown immigrants to the US so the brown will be the majority by 2030 like the government said you just not looking an paying attention yall overlooking it because of the media an fear
Lies
Adaptation is the only way out!
More globalist bunkum!
Its Its kinda interesting that we are here for the apocalypse. The population is actually decreasing so maybe there is hope fir the future  people. Get rid of the gready billionaires Destroying the earth would help. But everyone likes the conveniences they create.😂
Same experts saying an experimental GMO drug that had less than 1 % absolute risk reduction from COVID was "Effective" and those IgG 4 side effects like heart disease and dementia is "Safe". 😮😢
This is also not the result of individual humans…The governments and corporations are the ones constantly building and paving things
This isn’t because of too many people. It’s because people insist on living in concrete cities out of sync and at odds with nature
They will attempt, a rejuvenation period, in an effort, to slow the degeneration of the earth systems, which is way too late, economys will be taken apart, consumption and material demands will be virtually  halted, soon theyll inflict a massive depression upon the masses,to bring into effect their too late objectives! Sure the planet wont disappear, butall living species will, yes including homosapiens! Water and food chains will become depleted, rations and strategic conserving techniques obviously a must!but danger persists, for the so called leaders are now to powerless to act, ecause of past ignorance and super greedy agendas!too bad,loosen and accept it all,what other choice is do we have?
Can’t even accurately predict weekly temps but you’re certain the world is ending.  Too many millions are hip to your power grab.  You’ll have to trick us some other way.
End war. Stop supporting the war between Ukraine and Russia. Instead, promote peace.
Have you ever read what Christ and GOD said about who is at fault and what He was going to do about it and with the ones who are responsible.?
Over consumption and pollution! Humans did that!
Humans are the alien invaders of this world and have over populated this world.
"Human Beings Are A Disease, A Cancer Of This Planet. You're A Plague, And We Are The Cure." (The Matrix)  Agent Smith : I'd like to share a revelation that I've had during my time here. It came to me when I tried to classify your species and I realized that you're not actually mammals. Every mammal on this planet instinctively develops a natural equilibrium with the surrounding environment but you humans do not. You move to an area and you multiply and multiply until every natural resource is consumed and the only way you can survive is to spread to another area. There is another organism on this planet that follows the same pattern. Do you know what it is? A virus. Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet. You're a plague and we are the cure.
"According to scientists" an ice age was to freeze us 20 years ago.  Turn 180 degrees and now it's global warming.  Acid rain was supposed to burn up all vegetation in the 1980's.  STOP yanking our chain, and get a REAL job!
As more electric cars come out, I burn more and more garbage, leaves, and plastic in my back yard to make up for the lost pollution.
I find it interesting that all of these studies always blame over-population on these extinction reports. What about the careless corporations that pollute every aspect of our world with their wastes? If all of these animals were able to live in their habitats, they would populate their dwindling numbers. Stop blaming people numbers for your Illuminati excuses for decreasing population.
As a fly fisherman I can tell you that the hatch is off.  The hatch is off because the bloom of botanicals is off.  This results in poor spawn of salmon.  Leave the salmon alone for 25 years.
People wake up! They basically saying people need to die off. How you feel now? This is bull. Y’all go ahead and believe this lie.
Pretty simple, we need to stop population growth.  We need to expand nuclear power. Green energy consumes massive land to produce energy
I used to have 5 fishing boats, i wonder where fish went??? DUH....  JUST DUH....  DAMN GUTTONS...  ....
False - the term “climate change” refers to the changes in climate, including those that are man-made, but also including those that are natural to our earth and solar system.  Climate change is occurring on all of the planets in our solar system.
We ARE the asteroid.
The spraying of our skies is killing the small creatures
Truly sad . We need to work together now
I have no kids.  I've always recycled.  My car has got 30MPG for the past 15 years and I drive less than 10k miles annually.  I eat very little meat.  I let wildflowers and other plant grow in my yard.  I've taken in 9 cats from the street.  Still going to hell though...
_"If earth dies, humans die"_ _"If humans die, the earth survives"_
Good morning America thank you very much I'm in bed unwell no support thank you very much 🫂
We don't belong here
Oh and if they were so worried, why don’t they tell China, India, and other middle eastern nations plus the 3rd world countries from dumping millions of tons of garbage into the oceans, polluting the skies with black coal smog, dumping engine oil onto the ground, and dumping their raw sewage into rivers? I am all for being green friendly to the earth, but I am not for those that are hypocrites
Our distinction is already happening, check out global low birth rates!
We as human beings can at least try to figure out how to keep our planet safe and clean.
I remember in the 90s my mom and me wer driving down the road in Oklahoma There wer hundreds of turtles crossing the road at the same time  Everyone was just driving over them  My mom and me save as many as we could but I have never seen that many box turtles in one spot again  The turtles try to get warm on the road  And then get run over  I hardly see turtles at all anymore But if ther wer people probably would not run over then today  But there already gone now
Humanity is sustainable if you are interested in sustaining it! Greed and Money won't allow such a thing! Good solutions such as hemp for building would save the trees alone! They have shrugged their shoulders at all kinds of innovation if they can't harness all the money from it! It's never been about what is best for us or the animals! Ever And when they create a program to help, it always seems to help themselves or a relative, ironically!
Our population will be reduced one way or another.
pure fake news  BS
Clean the 🌎
I'm not worrisd for me , I'm thinking about my grand children .
Zeitgiest Movement : nature is a dictatorship , you can't negoiate with nature , adhere to it or suffer .
People in power lack innovation to find an alternative to the consumer economic and monetary world system , its idealism on there part .
People are subjective , they'll care once they are affected .
People are a means to an end for people ,  people should be the end .
Thanks🤗
We need Thanos to click his fingers. Wipe out half of humanity.
Personally I believe it's all horseshit. The earth as stated in this article has already gone through 5 extinction level events. So now we have scientists and people who want to change the path of mother nature. Many creatures of this world have survived these extinction level events. Maybe we should learn from them to survive the next one instead of changing something that cannot be changed. The cycles of this planet will continue. The real question is can humans adapt?
Im 66 now and to be honest i dont want to be here 20 yrs from now.  I fear for the children of today.
HAARP TECHNOLOGY GUYS, DONT BELIEVE THE GLOBAL WARMING NARRATIVE THEY ARE TRYING TO BLAME US FOR SOMETHING THEY ARE PURPOSELY DOING.
The numbers in this  video that  they  claimed,  are ridiculous . No facts at all . Wast of time.  Anyone can say anything  doesn't make it true.
Dnr are exploiting natrual  resources. Every state dnr are leasing our state land to oil companies.  (Leasing?). This is called misappropriation of funds and land.  It's a crime. The oaths these people take mean nothing. They sell oil out of country...
let´s face it. Life doesn´t fit the needs of most human beings. Earth and humanity have no shared future. Life in nature wasn´t good. And life in separated society wasn´t good either. We should close the experiment and realize that life and humanity don´t fit together.
Do we eat eagles and bears?
This is a direct cause of the "industrial revolution." European greed. Tell me I'm wrong.  Thanks England, and other Euros. You killed us all.
DUDES A FOOL.....THERES PLENTY TO GO AROUND....."THEY" (D.C) NEED TO GO NOW
Take heart; I grew up in rural North Carolin from 1953 until 1964. At that time there were no deers, foxes, beavers, hedgehogs skunks, bears, and seldom saw rabbits, woodpeckers, possums, groundhogs or wild turkeys . Fast forward 2006 and I moved back home to care for the land. There are now bountiful wild turkeys, deers, foxes, Jack and bunny rabbits, skunks, beavers, owls, I even had a bear standing in my front yard, and the bear did me no harm. Nature is in charge, and no scientists will ever take Nature and Nature's God place.
I understand this, but what is the solution? Just can't start killing off the human population. Sometimes wonder if that's not the solution the elitist would prefer.
Good but they are farmers. Farmers are the most productive people in our current human civilisation. Handout is ok but they need to be active. I hope the charitys gives them another job within the forest. Please who reads this spread this message to the farmers.
Scott Pelley is jacked. He a thicc boi.
Yeah it’s called globalism and the great reset, 😂. Can’t make this crap up
God is in control
Depopulation not mass extinction!
It's the government the United States of America Congress people that say there no climate change Republicans are trying to say that 😊 which we the people definitely know that the weather is badly and ice glaciers are Melting they know what happening don't need rocket science to figure it out dearly they just trying to delusional point people in another direction because they dont want we the people to  panic because they would not know what to do 😊
That means anything you're do on the earth is dangerous to the people even cells phones and microwave clothes and  then electricity because if they do electricity only and  say gas is dangerous to people what about waters that water comes through pipes into the House why does water taste like mildew when the water is runs
.......hmm that is one of those <professors> that have been PLAYING GOD...thank to him and others like himself humans and non forgot about who is in CONTROL ... and they never SHUT UP even though they are 100 years old!!!!💥💥💥
Thanks to the rich who have to eat lobsters,king crabs,meats if we let these animals repopulate the world would fix itself n if we did more walking then driving it would be better
Watching the American middle class disappear before my eyes breaks my heart. Thanks Obama, thanks Biden. Thanks democrats. TRUMP 24 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸
The enlightened ones must rule humanity for its own good;
As Americans, we not only have the right, but the duty to subdue the planet.  It’s in the Bible.
This is so heartbreaking i know my son wants to have children one day and if my daughter decides she also wants children then I want my grandchildren to live in a wield with tigers rhinos dolphins and all the other wild creatures that deserve to survive yet they die while we thrive it's sad
end capitalism.... socialism would save the planet
when a capitalist sells you two donuts; he's figuring out how to make it 3,.. increase and glut are capitalism features
Iam not doing a environmental pandemic
What a load of Bs.
One little virus humans will be gone
Nature will reset things no matter what we do
I believe we need to get off this planet and start colonizing other worlds
A decline in an “abundance of wildlife” is not the same as the extinction. Where are the facts? This “report” is not informative or supportive of a global extinction event.
Came here to say it’s all lies and you folks should stop believing it. They guy in the interview also predicted an ice age and polar deserts 50 years ago. I’ll give you a hint, they make mass amounts of money off this BS.
BS
Why don't they allow us to keep our danilions anymore or have brainwashed us into thinking that we should not have them?🤔
Man is destined to there own demise 🔥
Overpopulation is a elitist MYTH
China fishing the oceans empty is just fine.
Right now people will believe anything but God. God is in charge. He is Sovereign over all the earth. He will sustain the earth until he comes again (Genesis 8:21-22). But it will grow more and more tumultuous as Christs 2nd coming approaches (Matthew 24:3-51). You need to turn away from your evil ways, shun them, turn to God and seek Jesus as your Savior, now! Seek Him while He can be found (Isaiah 55:6-7) because no one knows the day or hour, but we can understand the seasons (Matthew 24:32-44).
The solution is that as food supplies and natural resources dwindle relative to population, they will become more expensive and less attainable by regular folks. It is self correcting in a sense.
I call bullbutter
Your globalists want you to think "extinction" and "climate change " is doing this.  Deep State and Bide administration want you to think this as the  skies are polluted by planes spraying oxide.
A pleas Who believ this nonsense and what about there is to much to explore pleass stop this bullcrap
The book Silent Earth if you want to prepare yourself for the coming apocalypse 💀🙏🏽
Propoganda
So this is a natural occurrence that has nothing to do with humanity.
Earth First! ...We can log and mine the other planets later.
Yes, but can we replant the trees where they’ve been cut down
This makes me feel like we need to have less kids though I saw a thing on that already happening. Somehow we need to fight for preserving the wildlife and reminding our kids of natures beauty. I visited Lake Mead (Nevada) a couple years ago and it broke my heart. This year I went to an island of Alaska (Ironically named Unalaska derived from the language of the natives) and it looked other worldly pulling into the harbor. It is bleak in some ways but beautiful. Raspberries everywhere and blueberries in higher elevations as well as bald eagles making their real beautiful calls. Half my guys said it was boring since there are like only a few stores and restaurants. But those who hiked loved it. We need to do what we can and actually open our eyes or these places will be gone.
We have to get a handle on the factorys . In times.
Maybe if trains stop polluting ground water and forests stop catching fire…  Just a thought.
How to donate to save rainforest??
Planet not fine Earth crust displacement earth core leaking Magnetic field split Ocean currents slowing Ozone holes,  glaciers melt changing salt,fresh%. Navy ocean rise map
See Bart,  bear that saved a trail for them by acting in THE EDGE, movie & legands of the fall. Doug his soulmate, a blessed man .
Is euthanasia for humans legal??.
Dali lama predicted mankind extinct by 2026.
Uh-Oh…
More like WEF
I am ashamed to be a human being. Are greed will be are downfall, the planet will always be here, until the sun consumes it, and life will rebound from nothing again like in the beginning, I was once told by my grand father, that we need to look after this planet and hand it to are children in a better condition then we were given it, how wise them words now sound, and how far away we are from doing that,
Is a good thing we are researching lunar and Mars habitats, will need this in earth.   Now we need activists to start building animal habitats to save animal life.   Steven Hawking predicts life on Earth will become extinct in 1000 years from natural disasters. Statistically with in 1 million years a natural disaster will bring extinction, add in Co2 from human activity and war and our likely hood of extinction increases.   Science shows in 500 million years the earth will naturally become to hot for life, in 4½ billion years is our supernova, the solar system difts apart, and then 4½ billion years we collide with Andromeda galaxy, we could be crushed by celestial bodies or by a super massive black, or the earth could be tossed into the vast expanse of space.   Either way earth and all life on earth is doomed. If people are seriously worried we need to plan for these future events now any delay will bring extinction.
This is WEF propoganda. They start these fires with direct energy weapons.( giant lasers).   They are trying to force communism on the world. Stand strong and unite your communities. Hold your family together and love your neighbor. Stand strong ppl of the world it is time to unite and fight back against this evil.
It's ok if the democrats go extinct  We can always put a few in zoos
Soilant green
This is a lie to respond to the first 20 seconds of this video what he said 100% untrue, I’ve worked and lived all over the earth humans are densely populated like ants but in every country I’ve been to one thing is consistent huge vast massive expanses of wilderness even Japan is mostly uninhabited the United States is mostly vacant with small clusters of humans throughout in no way is the earth overpopulated everything south of Mexico is basically vacant land almost all of Canada and Alaska is vacant the only issue I ever seen was misuse of plastics but if the idiots in control wanted to that would be solved and cleaned up in a very very short time all they need to do if charge a deposit on all plastics even plastic bags, straws, toys everything so people can make a good amount of money bringing plastic to recycling centers god if plastic was as valuable as copper everyone would be recycling hell people will gut abandoned or vacant homes for the copper just make it the same value for plastic poof no plastic island
Can we spend just 2 minutes of the remaining 46 minutes discussing the plan on saving the rainforest? Because what you're doing now is setting up a pay-day line with the only requirement being that one intends to cut the plot that someHuman just paid to save. How about pay the locals to protect the rainforest from poachers?
Scientifically it is inevitable. How did oil get in the earth? What was its purpose and what happens when there is no oil in the earth? What happens the earths core? How does earth put it back? Our extinction is done by us. We caused this.  Now earth will burn to the ground to replace the oil that was once inside.
Literally if every liberal on the planet was suddenly gone the planet would be fine and so would society.
i just go into my imaginary bunker 😅
WEF will help with depopulation, dont worry. They will try anyway.
I'm still waiting for that Ice Age that they warned us about towards the end of the 1970s.
the biggest problem in the very near future is the 5 million square miles of methane hydrates that has been kept in the arctic ice for tens of thousands of years, once there is a large enough area that the ice warms enough to let it flow freely, something somewhere is going to ignite it, and then the fun begins, the whole arctic region will be consumed by a fire that burns at about 6,000 degrees.    one third of the planet will become permanently uninhabitable in just a matter of about two years, the resulting change to the weather patterns will take hundreds of years to re establish themselves, it will be about 350 years before rain ever falls again, so the starvation of millions of people will be a common problem everywhere, and to think, we did this to ourselves.
Hey just have more war. That surely screws the world's earth farther into the garbage dump.
You can take everyone in the world and fix them in Los Angeles with a bit outside of the edges. This is propaganda. Stop scaring people. Unbelievable the news. Lies.
Good theatre show but boring narrative. Start the alien invasion scifi narrative already 🥱
Like I’m going to believe that the world wildlife fund is going to tell us anything other than their narrative. We have plenty of space and plenty of food. Get government out of it and people can actually prosper. Bill gates and china are buying up all of our land and not using it for anything good. This whole thing is designed to make you hate yourself and your country.
Hopefully this next earth cycle leaves humans off the species list.
99.9% of everything to ever exist on this planet... Is now extinct. This is nothing new.
Let's just face back Earth is so far out of balance No matter what we did it's over for us and everybody knows it They just don't want people to go into massive Hysteriastart killing off all these billionaires who have been doing all this one percentingbut truthfullyif we live on this Earththe last 70 yearswe are all to blame.  strap on your boot
I love the way the title blame for m.extension on Earth you want to lame it on industrial complex and all their little horses and all of their men won't put Humpty Dumpty back together again
Seems like these scientists are employed by the elites. We’re experiencing an inflicted mega drought and massive crop die off.
This is about “Overshoot”. Plenty of info available.  Comments demonstrate that there is literally no hope.
We have lost 100 years because of these Gloabalists refuse to release the technologies, their rule is over soon!!!
Lies all of us can fit into a small country. It's all the thousands of nuke tests they blasted off is why!!!!
The world needs to reduce the population through slower reproduction rates and limit the number of kids to no more than three. It needs to be a conscious decision, not a legal one.
Use you’re brain for a second.., when you go up in an airplane ,,, no matter where you are,,, what do you see…. Humans are only like 1% of the earth… it’s mostly vegetation and wilderness and trees …
No! We’re not buying you’re fake climate fear
One problem none of that could possibly happen unless it is sanctioned by the Lord God himself. People make me laugh
Good thing companies are bringing people back to the office, we're gonna need that traffic comgestion and extra smog.
🥺🥺🥺🫥I remember how birds of soooo many varieties would wake me up for school this central Mississippi AND LA Cali! In the 90’s up until right before 9/11 and maybe Katrina…..😮… no bird songs …well.. around 3-4 AM!… and more fish are dying out in smaller bodies of water …and idk if anyone noticed….around 12 in the afternoon during a sunny day, go sit in the shade and look at concrete in the sun……😮😮😮😮😮I swear it looks as if there is some pulsation in the light
maybe we need to quit filling the skies with chemtrails ( GEO Engineering ) whatever you want to call it. despite what mainstream says we need the sunlight.
The United States should think about helping ourselves instead of trying to save everyone else.
The plant isn’t going to be fine with all the destruction the Human Race has caused I didn’t hear anything about all the Nuclear Testing and all that Global Pollution 😢
I do not believe the first thing any scietist says   It is all supocition
Where do you get this crazy percentages about occupied land? Bs.
It has to be God that will be able to fix everything. I know that.
Too many people. At the height of the Roman empire there were some 60 to 70 millions in all provinces. Today, Italy alone has more than 60 millions of souls.
and yet we still have idiots claiming that all this is fake... it's a sad world we live in... too many ignorant people who rather see the earth die for their own short term pleasure and gain...
Bs
Just enough life to recover some life when we have next ice age, comet impact or volcanic/nuclear winter.  Or Solar CME. Sea level rise. Viral pandemic.
This is going to sound horrible but if people would stop having so many kids.... It would help. I do not know how you get people to do that without coming off as tyrannical.  And, we pollute the ocean. It is sickening.
Why is this not shown at every school to teach the new generation? Is it because we’ve gone too far so now the only way for the elite to survive is to create a mass extinction guised as the downfall of society by allowing thefts and craziness etc to take place as a distraction?
So basically stop having children to not over populate or bring into this dying world?
The temperature in Florida is hot and about average forJuly and August, the hottest temp, recorded was back in 1931 @ 108° was that climate change too 🤔🙄
You volunteering your life first? Don't ask for my life anymore.
They said overpopulation that’s not TRUE that’s a theory of a people never believed in God.we’re not occupied the forest so many forest around the world. There’s so many desolate places in this world, BIBLICALLY THERE IS NO SOLUTION THE ISSUE IN THIS WORLD.some people trying to elaborate but STILL FAILURE THEIR IDEA.
People keep transgress the commandments of God ,homosexuality and more wickedness this world become a ball of FIRE that’s in the bible
So many people saying climate change have a solution however if you believe the bible and God you know why this planet getting worse and worse the temperature and difficulties due to the wickedness of the people there’s NO SOLUTION of this climate change issue because this planet is ready for FIRE that’s JUDGEMENT DAY. But some people don’t believe it.
never thought I would be happy with one foot in the grave and the other on a banana peel!.
Wow
*LISTEN! He did Not say this will result in the end of civilization.* 🤔 *He said it's "...the end of the kind of civilization WE'RE USED TO."* 😲 11:24  *Life will find a way.* 😉
They fishing everything out the ocean. Food sources is dying depleting. Thats why they are.cloning animals for food😅
Which ones are the solutions?
This generation is seeing the end of the church age. And they don't even know that it is happening right before their very eyes. This earth is winding down. It's on God's time-line,  not man's. Are you ready for it? The rapture of the church is coming soon. Right after this event the Tribulation period begins. If you have not received Jesus as your savior you risk your eternal soul. Seek Jesus while he still may be found. It's your choice. Eternal life or eternal damnation. You have free will, make the right choice.
Overpopulation & over consumption.... pollution etc, etc. Sadly humans will also become extinct in the not too distant future. Heartbreaking the powers that be expedited such destruction....all due to greed.
SEE Observations of Ionospheric Heating from HAARP Using Orbital Angular Momentum  NASA Astrophysics Data System (ADS)  Briczinski, S. J.; Bernhardt, P. A.; Siefring, C. L.  2013-12-01  High power HF radio waves exciting the ionosphere provide aeronomers with a unique space-based laboratory capability. The High-Frequency Active Auroral Research Program (HAARP) in Gakona, Alaksa is the world's largest heating facility, providing effective radiated powers in the gigawatt range. Experiments performed at HAARP have allowed researchers to study many non-linear effects of wave-plasma interactions. Stimulated Electromagnetic Emission (SEE) is of interest to the ionospheric community for its diagnostic purposes. Typical SEE experiments at HAARP have focused on characterizing the parametric decay of the electromagnetic pump wave into several different wave modes such as upper and lower hybrid, ion acoustic, ion-Bernstein and electron-Bernstein. These production modes have been extensively studied at HAARP using traditional beam heating patterns and SEE detection. New results are present from HAARP experiments using an excitation mode that attempts to impart orbital angular momentum (OAM) into the heating region. This OAM mode is also referred to as a 'twisted beam.' Previous analysis of twisted beam heating shows that the SEE results obtained are nearly identical to the modes without OAM. Recent twisted beam heating experiments have produced SEE modes not previously characterized. These new modes are presented and discussed. One difference in the twisted beam mode is the heating region produced is in the shape of a ring as opposed to the more traditional 'solid spot' region. The ring heating pattern may be more conducive to the creation of artificial ionization clouds. The results of these runs include artificial ionization creation and evolution as pertaining to the twisted beam pattern
His life is fishing oil rig build wrong
Close keep it up
Keep playing god
We need every species
Save forest
We all go together
Big bear
50 years California
Apocalypse nature mother had enough
Always remember mother nature
8 million approximately
This is the last extinction; Humans will be next.
5 fishing boats per fisherman taking more than you need is pure greed  did you need for every person in ur family to have iPhones ear buds and beats earphones Bose speakers a great big Cadillac SUV your wife carrying a Coach purse or a Tiffanys bracelet.did you need to go to Aruba did you need to buy a pair of $200 tennis shoes? If your brain convinces you that you NEED these things your emotional psychological development has not fully developed want and need are planets apart. The very people who are showing us how much damage we are doing are the Big Massive global production companies that are lumbar export importers. Those companies do not benefit us in any way so the only WE in GLOBAL WARMING ARE THOSE WHO ARE THE 1% WEALTHY ELITE W.E. !
Scientists have been saying this for two decades
A polarising view. Looking at 1900 to now a massive change is how long humans are now living We know generally people are retiring about 60-65 years old. But people never used to live that long! Put an age limit on human life to 65! This would ensure we keep only productive humans and removes effectively 1/3 of the worlds population! It would remove half of the burden on healthcare systems( older people demand a lot of healthcare)  This last guy talking about his tribe fishing. This guy has been pillaging the rivers of salmon for money. Tribe my arse its all about money. Native people dont take more then they can consume Removing older people also removes demand that they have and the food they demand to live in their retirement whining to govts or whining at fancy restaurants its not cooked how they like. Getting rid of people seems the most obvious answering to over population, When there are too many rabbits we cull. So why are we not culling old people, who going back even 200 years would have died already.
Population control of certain species is conducted through hunting. Let’s just start doing the same for people.
Everything is declining... 😢
F scientists
Operation Population Control has begun. Worldwide.
Oh ye of little faith
Remember those covid shots 😂
We tried warning you back in the sixties and even the 70s and now look at the world.
Whatever issues exist, we don't have people in place who either care or have the aptitude to solve it.
People need to stop breeding. Especially the ones that can't afford children..
Global warming is a lie, the science is wrong. No asteroid no evolution.
The evil one is turning us into consumers that are destroying our planet. Everyone is wanting as much as they can get instead of trying to see how little they can get by on.
If there were not fires or fossil fuel to cause havoc in the first thru years ago, why is it the cause of everything now.
I wonder if those who complain about overpopulation can give a good example to us and become pioneers of the depopulation starting with themselves.
The Sky is Falling
Might be scientifically correct but politically incorrect lol the politicians say everything is fine. Don’t worry, be happy. No, what you see with your eyes is not true, what I tell you is.
Humans plans and God plans, and  God is the best planner . Humans are at the edge of mass extinction by Gog magog
according to scientists, scientists say, world wildlife foundation is a socialist organisation with ties with world economic forum all with a mandate to form 1 world government, controlling when or if you get to travel, eat meat etc  WWF scientists are payed liars!
We are going to just use the earth like a tampon. Nobody is going to do enough we will just burn up eventually.. bye
And we know why it seems some elitist power is trying to reduce the population that’s pretty obvious there is nothing natural about at this time.
The growing need to say BS!!  The world replenishes itself.  But people need to give thanks to the one who created ALL, or they will collapse.  But I worry not for them I only worry when the Lord shall come.  Mass extinction...... baaah hum bug!  Never trust Standford Unv.
This is fake news
Brought to you with a donation from the Bill & Melinda Genocide Foundation.
Please list places to donate to save forests,  species, jungles
Biden’s doing all he can to beach the whales on the east coast of the US with the off shore wind turbines while cbs runs cover for his globalists crimes. The beat goes on..
Soon, only cockroaches and democrats!
Thought the elites were gonna make green protein bars with the bad people?
Let me get this straight, so people fish and fish without once thinking that salmon will run out plus other issues but instead believe they can go on forever. Pure insanity.  Do I feel bad for the people. Not for one second.
Let's colonize, pollute, and deplete the earth trouble humanity with a catastrophic dilemma without solution and sit back and watch the apocalypse in real-time 😮
These scientists got any emails we can look at? Cause their colleges keep lying and distorting. Maybe they are referencing their bribin saviors upcoming WW3.
Its called the beginnings of tribulations.....
We didn’t need that man to tell us what God has already ordained. His prophecy never lies. We can not count on this world or the things in but we can count on Jesus! May the Lord save us!
Wrong it is 7th.. I know the 8 th.
We better get good at changing saltwater to fresh water fast and in a huge way
We have told the GOP to change there ways they work for fossil fuels. The only thing is the people have to vote for people that are about  clean green renewable energy and replanting and making fresh water in a giant way to irrigate as many acres as possible.irrigation will save the earth and desalination will bring back earth if we take care of the brine properly we can do this together.
Its already over. Capitalism and big oil killed the planet in less than 100 years.
I hope when nature shakes that etch-a-sketch we go too.  We're pure poison for the planet and need to be erased.
I'm very inspired by this! You shouldn't let *five decades of being wrong* stop you! Just keep blowing nonsense out of your backside.   I love the guy saying this "_COULD_* be happening again. What happened to the "data are rock solid"?   Doomsday!
So sad!
😢 someone told me once, that the earth is like a giant dog and we (humans) are the fleas and every now and then that dog will shake off the fleas but there will always be a few that survive. We are at the cusp of a giant shake and hopefully people who are smart enough to feel the tremors are preparing.
Humanity is sustainable. Its ungrateful sub humans who ruined everything.
God created humanity and earth.  However, humanity has destroyed what God blessed. It's all because of human sin, greed and selfishness. But our land can be saved if we turn back to God and cry out.    2 Chronicles 7:14. "if my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land".   We must admit our wrong and ask God for forgivness and to heal our land. In Jesus name Amen!
It's NOT too many people!! It's that we destroy forests because the west likes to eat cows and by products to sustain them. It's because we let a hand full of billionaires get rich and pollute the planet.
One cannot believe scientist they change opinions everyfew years.
Now you can only lower down your hell.
You look like almost no.bteath in. If you use calcium around trees it will slow down decay and you will have more oxygen, if you burn oit fallen trees thst rotening instead of cutting green that grow than you might prolong your life and feel less suffering,.  stop cutting green crown and resign from car of you extinct there first and your land will Turn in swamp. Tick took, tick took time is money and both dosent matter.
Well eat plants
A sasea extinctie in masa a fost declansata nu azi, ci acum 60.000 65.000 de ani, odata cu raspandirrea speciei de animale periculoase si daunatoare pe planeta. Oriunde a ajuns, a exterminat in 2-3 secole  extinctia a 70% dintre speciile care rrezistssera zeci de milioane de ani. Acum se anticipeaza ca  intr-un secol, vom mai extermina 60% din speciile care au supravietuit pana acum..
We are raping the earth. Horrible thing to do to our mother.
Paul Ehrlich has been wrong for 90 years.
Its a cultural thing. Whats cool, acceptable, attention grabbing, or money making has nothing to do with conservation.
Propaganda
Asteroid and volcanoes in that order.
Edison generator bomb you be the bomb.
The declining fish populations are primarily caused by halogenated vinyl and halogenated carbon manufacturing use and disposal burning pollution.  Edison generator and dynamos power plants and vehicles can replace fossil fuels use and improve desalination plants and water recycling plants.  We are grossly misinformed about power generation and power use.  While we continue to burn our atmosphere and fertility globally with halogenated vinyl and halogenated carbon manufacturing use and disposal burning pollution.
The planet can support sny number of people with Edison generators and dynamos power plants and vehicles.  The water treatment plants and desalination plants are very inexpensive and arable land is anywhere on the planet.  The breakdown of atmosphere on Venus Mercury and earth from halogenated vinyl and halogenated carbon is primary cause of mass extinction.  The meteor nesrby is threatening and nuclear technology and e coli genetic inserts epidemics are threatening but halogenated vinyl halogenated carbon and nuclear technology is proving to be the most intractable problem and correctable problem.
A few societies are hogging all the resources. Its not the poor.
Whoever wants to decrease the population need to start with themselves. Have you ever flown in a plane. Nothing but land and you could fit everyone in the world into the state of Texas and give everyone an acre of land. This is all bs to scare you.
69% boys
Political programing , remove the power brokers put in honorable men the Narration changes
B.S. Narration paid for by those dishonorable dishonest evil men in power who fear loosing there power, position and wealth. The Great Reset must beginning with Honor On. The current matrix is built on and from dishonorable evil men. Change the men In power change the world.   We need more people not less
ITS A LIE
the sky is falling!
I wouldn't be surprised if Humans have been around alot longer than we realise and we've been through a major climate catastrophe in the past. Even the mayan myths say that the earth had gone through four "iterations" previous to the current one or the present and destroyed (by gods) each time due to the behaviour of it's inhabitants.  Seems like our behaviour is a little lacking compared to the old way, at least they lived in harmony with the planet and maybe they did so because the memory of previous destruction was still fresh and they were sure not to let history repeat. If you also consider the lexical semantics of the words Myth and Legend, it makes you wonder if there really is something we're missing.  After some time historical events can become legends, after even more time, after they have mostly faded into distant memory and time, they become myths.   Makes me wonder what The Legend Stephend Hawking would say now. He once seemed optimistic and said that if we can make through the next 200 years or so, we should be fine and should survive far into the future. But then I heard somewhere that just before he died, apparently he changed his mind and said he no longer had any hope for the human race, I wonder if he would still think that.
Just take responsibility. Who are the group that creates utter destruction, come on don’t be shy, hold your hands up and say it with your chest
What you do is let a virus out to thin out the population. Oh they already did that. They’ll do it again. But with better results.
Now we know but do not bother to be an active participants be but just a passive onlookers. The first move to prevent the earth extinction of unprecedented scale is to save this people who are to concerned what is going on. I mean support them financially, politically, legally ...etc.  The time is of the essence. At an alarming rate our way of life loosing control like a train that derails the track so by the same token, we have to move faster one step ahead to counter the untoward direction of total destruction. The United Nation is the first venue to address this issue. There must be an integrated approached, a concerted effort to formulate a plan for survival  The starting point is a plan not only rhetorics but implement it  The execution must start running right now. Or it has been started but no power to be borned. _ dead. Again many thanks to this people who will wake up the mountain and the valleys and bring alive the freshness of the earth
"So long, and thanks for all the fish."
If you haven’t figured it out by now  You never will. It’s amazing these people reporting this BS keep feeding the masses this BS. And believe this BS.
When you see these headlines? Just remember that the scientists that they're referring to? Are Jesuits practicing the science of jesuitism? Take the dramatic tone out of the narrator's voice and you got a nothingburger... Deception and manipulation
Evil people like Brazil president selling and chopping down to grow beef for McDonald’s-
😢
This is so depressing.
Don't believe the propaganda. "They" want you dead.
We can clone folks but can't figure this out! The rich could give away 1/2 of their wealth to help save the planet but have selfish interests. Soros alone can start the change, but would rather see depopulation to solve the problem. We have not used 70% of the land! This was false. Lies for what agenda?
Idk man. If we are a part of some grand design, id say the design is flawed. Heres this planet. Heres free will. You consume recources to survive. Your are hardwired to reproduce. Id say over thoudands if years everything gets used up.
The un biodiversity organization is a think group scheming how to monetize the only remaining free resources. Air and water.
Great idea. Pay people  to not earn a living on the only truly renewable resource. Trees.
Grizzly bears are extinct in California because they eat people.
Blame the salmon crisis on overpopulation! Ha! How about getting the sierra club and dc lobbyists out of making policy in local issues? Local biologists with common sense know how to mitigate this.
We should definitely add humans to the list
I bet if the rain forests and jungles hasn't been cut down, there would still be plenty if wildlife!  PLUS if we had not invented cell towers, I bet we would still have BEES and the birds!!!
So you don't think TECHNOLOGIES, dumping poisons on the land and in the waters, all the oil dumped by oil carrier mishaps at sea, harmful emissions from factories, etc .. is doing all this?  Man has been here for millinum and ALL has been WONDERFUL until the industrial reveloution of GREEDY people to put more $$$ in their pocket .. so the average human didn't bring about these problems, but rather factories, corperations, and all other businesses who IGNORED SAFETY and chose PROFIT unstead!!!
Humans are leaving fast Script Palase" India" Clock is turning
Exalent show I make people watch "Medican chant" Try to more appreciate?
I want to stamp this video on people's foreheads. Every time they bring up "the water shortage" or "Global Warming" i say these things are just a symptom of a much greater issue - there's too many people. Fighting over resources, over water, over control of things. There's always one ape-neck who starts on about "The Right To Life" who doesn't give a rat's a** as long as they can have THEIR 5 kids, never considering exactly what kind of world they will inherit.
I'm sure scientists will figure out a way to blame us for the first five massive extinctions. Things change, Deal with it
Man is the most insane species. He worships an invisible God and destroys a visible Nature. Unaware that this Nature he’s destroying is this God he’s worshipping. —Hubert Reeves
People: Damn nature! You scary!  Nature:  you’re killing me  👀
BS.   More people die of famine from WAR than any other reason.       Around 60,000 wild grizzly bears are located throughout North America, 30,000 of which are found in Alaska.   There are plenty of Salmon.    Solution 1  stop the damn wars Solution 2 ship a few hundred Bears to California from Alaska.........."problem "solved.   Solution 3  see solution 2 and do the same with Salmon
The government’s know this and they will start world war 3 throw there nuclear bombs before anything
99% of the people dont care
Humanity did not create itself & humanity cannot save itself
Yes, the sixth would immediately follow the fifth.
....and yet people will keep on having babies they just wont stop ! 🤦‍♀️ 😖
I been saying we need global population control for years and people are always up in arms about their human rights. Well those rights won't mean anything if we are all dead...
Woke deep state
Maybe the whole world should have a one child rule.
1968 is when this guy said the earth would end in 2000 due to over population and polar ice caps melting.
The extinction will happen not because earth full in populations it’s because populations sinful. if we don’t repainted too soon it will be too late
Makes me think of Agent Smith's monologue to Morpheus in The Matrix when he has him sedated under interrogation trying to "explain" or "figure out" what Humans are.. in this case, we are a virus at this rate... One way or another, Mother Earth is going to find a way to "cure herself" of "us" at this rate.
And the number one group of people to be mad at are the large corporation owners, big money, big banking, big oil, pharmaceutical companies, etc. Google “zero point energy”… We could have that, but it would be free clean energy..they can’t charge us for it.  So the alternative plan is for us to own nothing, while they own everything 🤔😡
Humwns definitely killed off most if te grizzlies in California...there used to be a oot of them roaming around but because of a few attacks they allowed ppl to come in and hunt them down and now wanna complain that there is barely any grizzly bears left but the one on the state flag when we all pushed them to other places constraining where they could live and what not!
There's enough for everyone but the greedy wicked in control-1John5:19
Yet Americans have to drive SUVS, pickup trucks & feed their children fast food from styrofoam containers which they toss from their windows as they speed by to get where? Nowhere fast.
Maybe people in Cali need to stop drinking water.
Nice try at distraction
Might check what they doing to the Nile River ,dams and all that,just a thought
Why don't they tell what green new deal doing with turbines,solar panels? Save the whales etc ,all those wealthy donors aren't going to make it to space huh ? Climate change haven't they been using this for decades?
When we were kids we bought rainforest to protect where is this rain forest?
Human Over population is not the problem. In fact human population is decreasing steadily & its due to culture of scaring ppl that climate change is a threat to humanity when humans cannot possibly CONTROL earth’s natural changing of climate. Wealthy companies being greedy overbuilding & destroying wildlife for more hopeful wealth is the problem. There are MORE houses available currently then There are humans that can AFFORD to live in them. And it’s NOT the climate that is destroying wildlife & environment. It’s again, the greed of politicians & human pollution fm factory run offs, industrial farming of animals and industrial fishing and all these GREEDY Human practices show zero respect for the earth by creating massive waste. Again, this is not a Co2 problem, it’s a MAN MADE pollution & waste problem.
Before u talk about all this.  How can we REPLACE ALL THE OIL GAS_ COAL back 8nto the earth.  This caused huge EARTH MASS WEIGHT LOSS  causing 9ur earth to be slowly drawn 5owards the SUN  TALK about this   bleace all the other ninsense😊
Them fish were spawned out they die after spawning
The natives are still allowed to net. I personally couldn’t stand it at first because I had a net in my back yard living on a reservation on the water. Then the more I thought about it, I agreed that they should be able to fish as they always have. Nothing more and nothing less. They are also the ones running the salmon hatchery’s in western wa. I also feel like maybe no one should net them…. Idk it’s such a tuff decision 😑🌚
Sad but in West Virginia there is still an abundance of wildlife. Growth and development is slow.
This is God's earth. He can do anything with His earth. The activities of the powerful to include ALTERING the climate and attributing it to natural causes and many other things are causing these problems. They control the narrative of what's happening and do not allow any other perspective because by and large they control the flow of information. God have mercy on them.
It's funny to hear a 90yr old say there's to many people on earth and we can't sustain life here ok well you know what to do you lived 90s on this planet contributed all you possibly can move over for the youth.
who produced this episode?  Bill Gates.........
Stop allowing asylum seekers into our country. Limit # of kids per family.
Had a dream we got hit by an asteroid
My Republikkkan friends don't believe any of this.  They say it's all a hoax.  The world is fine.  No problem.  Ignorance is bliss.
Зачётный ролик
I barely eat as is. I will survive. For others who can't go a day without their 3 meal plans... Those types won't last long before creating more havoc
This is a lie , its propaganda !
Ban Private jets. DONE
We need to stop breeding humans.
The Rothschilds family like to play God. They stand back from Biblical times. That's why there is an Egyptian bird and the pyramid on the dollar bill
Why do I also hear that our population is too small as well…..
Y'all need to get out the way so I can get too work
All  bullhsit.       ..sea levels havent raised at all in 60yrs.......itf you turn off your tv it magically disappears
Purge.
Am I a bad person for feeling bad for the animals and plants and wishing extinction on humans?   🙁
If you’re alive today you are safe
A PROPAGANDA
If we could reduce the amount of house flies and humans then earth would live on to be much healthier.
Propaganda!!
“ humans have taken over 70% of the land” I’m calling calling BS. Drive across the country and you’ll see that is far from true. You can fit the entire population of the planet in one state in a very small state like Rhode Island. What the are these people talking about 70%? They were wrong about  everything they still are
Need to start sacrificing like in the old days maybe that's why they would do it offer it to world to stay alive
Hey Republican politicians tell me otherwise!
The more brick n mortar and pavement you cover the soil with the less food you grow. Corporations offering up convenience for profit is killing it all. Waste is the biggest problem. What is not sold for profit is dumped in the landfills. Stop thinking money and start thinking basic survival. Gawd don't get me started. Ignorance is the problem.
Dangerous disinformation on steroids.  How you sleep at night is the major question here.
Whether most scientists outside climatology believe that global warming is happening is less relevant than whether the climatologists do. A letter signed by over 50 leading members of the American Meteorological Society warned about the policies promoted by environmental pressure groups. “The policy initiatives derive from highly uncertain scientific theories. They are based on the unsupported assumption that catastrophic global warming follows from the burning of fossil fuel and requires immediate action. We do not agree.”2 Those who have signed the letter represent the overwhelming majority of climate change scientists in the United States, of whom there are about 60. McMichael and Haines quote the 1995 report of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change (IPCC), which is widely believed to “prove” that climate change induced by humans has occurred.3 The original draft document did not say this. What happened was that the policymakers’ summary (which became the “take home message” for politicians) altered the conclusions of the scientists. This led Dr Frederick Seitz, former head of the United States National Academy of Sciences, to write, “In more than sixty years as a member of the American scientific community ... I have never witnessed a more disturbing corruption of the peer-review process than the events that led to this IPCC report.”4  Policymaking should be guided by proved fact, not speculation. Most members of the Intergovernmental Panel on Climate Change believe that current climate models do not accurately portray the atmosphere-ocean system. Measurements made by means of satellites show no global warming but a cooling of 0.13°C between 1979 and 1994.5 Furthermore, since the theory of global warming assumes maximum warming at the poles, why have average temperatures in the Arctic dropped by 0.88°C over the past 50 years?5
And they'll be given permission not to hurt any green thing. But only those men that don't have the mark of God in their forehead.
There is the way, totally different governing and, at the same time, totally different etics & moral!
Another truth is: we have a LOT of degraded land in Nevada, California, Texas, New Mexico, etc. We need to start ACTIVE re-greening campaigns to replenish our dwindling water reserves, protect wildlife, and our future food supplies. Industrial farming is no longer the solution
Still clearly remember those days in 80s 90s, listen to insects singing while falling asleep, mantis lay eggs on window frame and next year you have hundreds of little ones...
Man’s greed to control everything
Must reads if you’re interested in climate change, “Weatherman's Guide to the Sun” and “The Next End of the World: The Rebirth of Catastrophism”
It's mostly overdevelopment.  Too much concrete covering former Forrested areas. Over-fishing wiping out various species.
Let's eat more billionaires.
Scientists are as believable as those that pay them are.
Please, people are just idiots, you know? All hes gotta do is go to school again. Take welding, get a job with a Union. And make 45 to $60 an hour. What is he lazy? I did it. He would make more money welding than he ever did fishing.
So sad
I blame it on the rich and corporations
Ok fine. You tree huggers kick off first and we will follow!😂
Its the greedy lifestyle thats couseing this extinction . Man can live threw a sustainable lifestyle.   But people are greedy .
...AND NOT ONE OF THOSE GOALS WAS MET! No political, socioeconomic will.
It’s everyones fault. We’re all going to get exactly what we deserve for not doing our jobs correctly as citizens should.
I like how the major polluters won't sign anything and won't help at all.
Only 2.24 million views? People are to invested in social media and tiktok Facebook to comprehend. Maybe we need a planet cleansing.  We dont respect our planet
im sorry but all of you need to realize this is not because of the average citizens the real villans are the handfull of trillionaires. they have nothing but contempt for us and they could care less about pollution.your car having a low carbon foot print is nothing compared to what there outsourced companies in china using child labor is doing.you are complaining to the wrong people!!it is them that must be stopped! we already compromise and take way to much of the blame while they do nothing!
That Washington state fisherman is full of crap!  He has 5 boats and I bet in his day he pulled tons and tons and many more tons of fish out of the ocean and now he wants to cry!  He's as much part of the problem can't you see!
PROMOTE AND SUPPORT THE BIRTH CONTROL CONCEPT ... AND DEMOTE THE COMMERCIALISM CONCEPTS ... WE REALLY DON'T NEED ALL THIS MATERIALISM AND COMMERCIALISM FOR SURVIVAL.... IT'S REALLY POISONING US  ...
I’m pretty sure in general they have been over hunting the salmon. & most of agricultural resources goes to animal feed that goes to animals that are raised to get slaughtered. The world can be fed and species can be saved if humans stop looking at meat as the primary source of consumption. Go back to mainly consuming fruits and vegetables. & more animals will be saved and a vast amount of humans will have drastically less health issues. Change WHAT we’re eating in the first place before we start blaming overpopulation. & learn to live WITH the nature & stop destroying it just for the sake of making more houses. Work WITH nature. Not against it.
Funny. I'm not completely convinced. The leaders of the world still jet here and there. Business as usual. No effort to change anything no attempt. No rush no big deal. Only thing America doing is pushing solar and electric cars. The lobbyist an special interest own government. Says push solar an electric cars. Other than that what. I remember when Bush said. Them little red led light on a appliances always on we gotta get them off. Lol. Save a ton.  But our governments of the world show no panic to change no big effort no real attempts. I think if a smart man knew what was coming it would not be suggestions it be requirements laws to try an save the planet
White concrete roads instead of black asphalt should started 10 yrs ago
No life left. Earth a dead barren hot rock. The aliens did it to Mars now earth
I mean what did we THINK was going to happen? We have sustainable resources, which themselves  require resources, and then we coupled the consumption of all finite resources with infinite demand. When they say Mass extinction, that 100% applies to us. Once resources are gone and can’t renew, we are gone. Great job people. May AI and robots properly restore our he planet… and won’t bring us back.
The same scientists that said we'd have no ice on the poles. That in the 70s we were gonna have a ice age. Climate change is a scam the elected 1% use to get rich. Look at gore. Got much richer for this nonsense he lies about
Man-made BS ruins our world...coal mines, oil rigs, ships, airplane,etc....kills our oxygen n ppl...so sad
I just wish everyone came together
The Earth will do what it wants regardless of man
Need to start having a 2 Child limit worldwide and enforce it now , before it’s too late !!!!
This story is as old as the bible and look at what we did in those days. It's been written our demise but the world was too smart and we knew better🙄. Jesus save us all 🙏
Your numbers are skewed!!
We will be killing each other for a bottle of water and a loaf of bread in the next 20 yrs these are the end of time
People have to stop procreating. Lots of poor people having lots of babies.
We need to stop allowing a voice to people who deny climate change, don’t believe scientists and refuse to get on board with being proactive in uniting to solve this problem.
God is back to fix this. He. sent. me.
maybe Thanos wasn't wrong after all ... i hope animals will one day dance on our graves saying 'we finally got rid of the scourge, yay!'
I can remember as a kid hearing the bullfrogs. Walking in the river and catching black Mullet by my hands Chinook salmon use to run up the river in the fall and when I went out in the boat into the backwaters fish would swirl everywhere go back to this place today it's quiet no-bull frog noises no more salmon no more black mullet no more fish swirling in the Backwater inlets we pay $25 for a fishing license and there's no stalking programs but lots of invasive species that robbed our native fish of their eggs they lay. zebra mussels that made the river so clear causing small fry to not make it even to a fingerling garbage all over in the rivers and these things are facts I didn't forget that all them things were there oh yeah I know things are changing for sure and not a lot of stuff is being done about it. Watching this happen my whole life is one of the saddest things for sure.
I'm old enough to remember in the 1980s the "scientist's" were saying Florida, California and New York would be under water by the year 2000 its now 2023 and that didn't happen now did it what do you climate crazies have to say about that
I love being top of the food chain. I honestly don't hate myself as much as you all hate yourselves. Long live being human, and totally pwning everything for my comfort. If you feel humanity is the big issue, be the change you wish to see in the world. And off urself.. Bet you won't lol
Yeah. People.
"If the science was right"...I think you mean "real"
i feel like crying. when we realized we f’d up, it will be too late 😢
Hopefully one are the woke people in the media
Earth is not running out of space, mother nature had had enough of the evil creatures that control the planet
BS !
It's those damn republicans causing this mess!!!
I feed the wild birds i save the. Dogs i give water to the wild birds.   We need laws to protect  we cant keep taking and not giving back
Not t0 meany people. We have people killing elephants for husk we need to protect the animals this old man is wrong
I call BS...there is so much empty space out there we could expand to...problem is the government wants us in cities to control us..look around there's plenty of room on this planet.dont believe everything you get told!
You mean how the wild is suffering from humans
I no longer see thee butterflies, humming birds like I use to. Very rarely I see them…
Because its orchestrated. It's completely on purpose. DNA and seeds are being kept in massive vaults in the mountains and underground.
2/3 rds. as predicted.
i wonder if ABC could do a story on the child slaves who extract cobalt and lithium out of the ground ? why is this still happening in our time ?
Let's hope 60 minutes is the first to go extinct.
Nah! What you are actually saying is : there ain't gonna be any profitable resources left...lol🤣 Behave, there is plenty to go around, it's money 💰 that's ya problem.  Some people are so rich that they are poor. 💫🙏💫 Live Life and Love Life ❣️ 🫂 ❣️ Wonderful & Beautiful day's ahead Y'all
Fake news
Please stop giving examples of climate change. It’s disgustingly indisputable. Every person living on this planet during the last 150 years has contributed to climate change. And every last living person have to do something about it.
"Pollution" as in, "Run-off waste from industrial copper mines in Alaskan small waterways", that is what happened to the salmon.  The copper dust affects their neural systems.
Experiencing the sixth extinction of animals. So what does the US fish and wildlife service do?? They drive around in their trucks and release wolves and large predators all over the US to wreak havoc on all other animals so they can speed up the extinction of all animals except wolves. Which is exactly what wolves do.
I choose to live in small square footage in a city, ride a bike, eat very little meat, use electricity carefully , and consume much much less than most…had no kids , if I did one maybe 2….  I try.  I visit natural areas but do not move there because sprawl always supplants nature with asphalt,concrete,steel,plastic,glass,chemicals,noise,light and traffic…… so sad
Hes  right as iun we need to find an extraterrestrial source of minerals and habitat but in terms of wild life we need what we eat and a few other createures that help what we eat thrive. unless im wrong then let me kn ow how im wrong and id be happy with that.
Number 1 i don't believe any human being or human beings has ever successfully counted EVERY SINGLE HUMAN BEING LIVING ON THIS PLANET. THAT HAS NEVER HAPPENED.   NUMBER 2 GOD SAID IN THE BIBLE THAT THERE HAS ALWAYS BEEN 7BILLION PPL ON THIS PLANET. NO MORE NO LESS.   NUMBER 3 EVERY HUMAN HAS BEEN RECYCLED ON THIS PLANET BY GOD. THE HEAVENLY FATHER BRINGS BACK EVERYONE THAT THRU THE SEED OF THEIR OWN FATHER. YOU WILL NEVER HAVE A DIFFERENT FATHER THAN YOUR FATHER. JUST LIKE YOULL NEVER HAVE A DIFFERENT GOD OTHER THAN THE GOD OF THE BIBLE.
Obviously I blame the greedy rich...
Man's greed is the cause of all these. Harvesting without control killed the future of these species.
We used to protest against the big companies doing damage to the earth, now a majority of the people don’t care either, they trash, graffiti, destroy everything that is beautiful. It’s heartbreaking,  “You never know what you’ve lost, till its gone”
I love those jaguars
Bullsheet! Quantum physics is going revolutionize humanity! 🎉
Human beings are a parasitic plague. I sincerely hope we never get off this planet.
Greed is the problem, not the population.
now this marine heatwave whatever coral we had left in Florida is most likely bleached now =(
Jesus gonna save us all before that happens 🙏 ❤
If some humans survive, the times we have been living in for the past decades up to the next change will probably be known as "The time when humans thought they were gods".
" No Billy it isn't wise to sell your own body parts."
I can't believe it's so hard to understand that we shouldn't cut down the habitat of the earth  🌎  the lungs that create the air we breathe.    We are an invasive species, trying not to be so invasive.
I’m slightly confused here. So, if this is the 6th mass extinction, why should this matter? Obviously, this is a cycle. A cycle that I doubt humans can do anything about.
Well the problem is that as humanity collapses we will release enough ionizing radiation in our death throes through military actions as well as commercial reactors meltdowns to effectively destroy the atmospheres ability to stop deadly UV radiation. Leaving behind a much more Mars like planet for hundreds of thousands of years.
Once we trip the Blue Ocean Event as Canadian Climate Scientist Paul Gabrielson has labeled it then put on your seat belts because shortly afterwards everything truly goes exponential meaning it's a short countdown to our extinction as well. The Blue Ocean Event is what all the Arctic nations and multinational oil companies are greedily awaiting. But the Arctic is already releasing literally tons of Methane but that figure will ramp up beyond anyone's predictions once all the Ice is gone. It will crush us like a bug as methane is a far more potent greenhouse than Carbon dioxide. "We are mistakenly convinced that we are a good species going somewhere important and that at the last moment we will correct our errors and God will smile on us. It is Delusion!" Farley Mowat
So what do you want a biscuit?
Too late already past the tipping point for are oceans now at 101 records being broke in Florida never seen before killing are coral reef ecosystem because now folks the real consequences are showing up and this is one them killing the real food chain that mattrers and we will all pay for it on catastrophic levels never seen before in are lifetime unfortunately
Nonsense the greatest problem is under population there aren’t enough people
What have we (humans) done?! I remember looking through my Childcraft years ago and was saddened by all of these animals that had gone already extinct... always wondered what they were like? How did they look and interact in reality? How did this happen and why? Why couldn't they be saved? Why didn't we do something? How is it possible? Thought humans learned from their mistakes. Never thought I would witness history in the making 😢.... It breaks my heart, my soul to know that the future will never know, never experience the beauty and the majesty of the animal kingdom and nature.  That, like me, back then, they too will have to look through a book and wonder....😢
60% of the arable land on Earth is cultivated to grow crops for livestock. If you love animals, including wild animals, go vegan and leave some land and water for the wild animals.
Earth has always been changing  period....
The entire world's population could reside comfortably in texas and you want me to believe we're over populated 😂😂
Fake news 😂
Reduce population. . . .
TRUMP!!!2024🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
Ah, it is all doom and gloom. The media can't wait to depress out.
If only the earth would extinct these scientists that keep fear mongering for attention
My conscious existence religiously public to all defensively required to inspire all by diplomatically being right tactically identifying myself as a God in every existence rising only to eternally
according to scientists, or globalists?
oh my god😭😭😭😭
🌲🍀🐾🐝🦉🦌The first step in the solution to this problem, is covering this story .   .   . ✔ good job.  The next step, is to start doing what I've been doing since I watched Grizzly Adams when I was a child .   .   . Start Caring about nature and much MUCH less about material possessions.  "Nature is that material possession".  We need to think in SHAMANISTIC TERMS.  Science is slowly acknowledging this.  And if you're going to buy land, buy it to Protect It, Not to "DEVELOP" It.  Mother Nature has that covered. Ive always wanted to buy land & put a tinee, tiny, cottage/cabin on it.  Because, It's about the "surroundings", not the cottage/cabin. If you see trash in the preserves, rivers, streams, or ponds, don't wait for the NEXT guy to pick it up.  It's  not going to happen. Sack-up & be a man, better still, be a Shaman .   .   .✔good job😎🦌🦉🐝🐾🍀🌲.
Wyoming PBS and Texas Country Reporter made a fun to watch documentary of goat herders who do contract cleaning of pastures, river banks , and city public parks.    There were a few herding participants , but none more knowledgeable about her trade than Lani Malmberg.  She , her dogs , and about 500 goats let loose to clean knoxious weeds.  As opposed to spraying chemicals , or mechanical removal of weeds.    The feisty and burly lady kills on wild vegetation biology knowledge. And she is winning converts amongst cattle ranchers , herself having worked as a ranch hand before getting her PhD and thesis done. She is a character, lots of moxie.   She took her knowledge , dropped academia , and took her 500 goat herd , two dogs, son , and a hauler, and she rolls between Texas and Wyoming.   .    CBS not making her a feature is playing catch up with the smaller broadcasters. Wake up , CBS !!!!!
The easiest argument not brought up by this featured episode is the decline bee polinization. Which is vital for agriculture.    No bioma for bees to thrive , no polinization. Thus famine takes place.    Coursework in schools need to train pupils in understanding biology and echology, hidrology, nutrition. At the elementary level , or at least until high school.
And yet, apparently no one has heard about BIRTH CONTROL, especially in 3rd world countries.  Now they're leaving those countries thanks to those who want to spread diversity to other countries.  Get rid of that problem first or things will just continue to get out of control.
People pass this video on share it people need to be informed about the reality of overpopulation. There's no animals left you can't walk in nature without seeing destruction there's monkeys running around in the streets because they have nowhere to go, there's no more rhinos left. Birds are getting electrocuted by power lines. The Amazon forest is just disappearing.
The global population in 1900 was 1.6 billion. Between 1900 and 2023 it exploded to 8 billion. In all of human history our population has never seen such enormous growth as it has these last 123 years with the largest part of that growth occurring after WW2. To say this is unsustainable is an understatement.
1 mass extinction Noah's flood.Next time the elements will pass with a fervent heat.NO AMOUNT OF TAX DOLLARS WILL STOP THAT #Word of God  KJV
😮😮I was in high school in 1970. The world was so different. Climate, disease, trash, pollution. It is sad but humans are the current locust of earth and there is no end in sight. Sad. Very sad.
Living in Flagstaff, AZ since 1970 and having seen wildlife decline over the years, and especially over the last 5 years,  I have seen a marked decrease in the insect population.  At night we used to have bats and swarms of insects flying around our street lights, and around our home lights.  Not much anymore, and driving during the day, it was common 5 or more years ago that one had to clean off the windshields of smashed bugs,  hardly now.  And the bird population?  I have been feeding wild birds in my yard for 20 years.  I would buy a bag of feed every week.  Over the last 5 years a marked decline, and as of the last two years now only one bag per in over a month.   Flocks of sparrows have vanished, and I see only a few birds.  Of course it is most likely due to the "Bird Flu."   But let us look at the so called "Bird Flu" and its origins having emerged from China.  The Bird Flu was was not caused by human intent directly, but by crowding birds, ducks, and chickens in feed houses, where they packed close together.  A primary situation where pathogens can flourish. So that said, the "Bird Flu" epidemic is due to our demand to have ducks, chickens, and other birds for feed stock.  Everything we are doing points to our demise.  It will all come crashing down on us if we do not change our ways.  And all of this is first caused by our overpopulation, and then our demand for the energy to sustain the ever increasing population.   We have one earth, but to sustain us now we need five.... And these mass extinctions, the decline of many species is revealing to us that our end may be next.
This is very poor targeting. Showing images of third world high population when talking about the problem. It’s not the population density issue it’s the social system we have built up
It's only the citys that are overpopulated. Take a drive through the country and see the vast beauty of our wide open spaces..
This is a big lie from the left! The earth could sustain 30 billion people. People, do not fear! GOD is in charge.
No such thing as scientist after what thay said about covid I would never believe any thing thay say
Locations personnel communications caused demanded charged if I don't interact with is always in a courtroom for my rights I have no knowledge of other than intention to have said ways with all by
Mountain lions are doing fine
You all are lying. The issue is rich people own the land and force people into one area the world is huge and there is plenty of room. Esau controls the world and is wicked. Commercial fisherman over fish and charge too much. They have caused regulations set by rich paid off government officals.
And how many trees are they taking down to put in wind and solar power?
Stop loving thy Earth thy Earth will stop loving us back.  Stop pollution stop extracting stop drilling stop our compulsive disorders
not a population problem, it's bad principles. We need to move away from the Rockefeller way of life....But we too greedy
True. We don’t need to live so invasively, and still support humanity.  Our civilization economy is basses on consumption. I can imagine a way of not depending on the depletion of resources that could support everyone. Stop panicking, have a good think. The plant will make it, we dummy’s may not.
They've tied electrical signals like cell towers to the disruption of bees being able to navigate. I don't know a single person giving up the cell phone. Industrial farming and  industrial food preservation is a leading cause of this crisis but nobody wants to or preserve their own food. The amount palution generated just from food in a single family home in a 1st world country is the majority of the problem. Research what it takes to create a single box of cheerios. Just the container has about 75 environmentally and biologically harmful chemicals produced in devastating quantities.
its not the number of humans that is the problem - its how we live and are STUPID economic system we are forced to live under that is the real issue:  Let's make it simple to understand:  1. Capitalism forces you to work, converting Earth's resources into money to live, using fossil fuels --> 2. That process destroys the biosphere and emits a medley of greenhouse gasses --> 3. And due to physics, chemistry, thermodynamics and the carbon cycle, this gradually raises the Earth's temperature and climate systems --> 4. Feedback loops in Earth systems exacerbate climate change WHILE 5. Capitalist market economics demands constant growth and sustained cyclical consumerism to function --> 6. More destruction of the biosphere in order to feed market capitalism  Stop living in denial; you cannot deny physics, chemistry, thermodynamics and the carbon cycle - physics doesn't care about your emotions or your religious economic beliefs.  We simply do not have a sustainable way of living on this planet.  The biggest denial we have is that 'Capitalism is Root Cause of Climate Change' https://youtu.be/TljIfwGUZBA
Madmadmadmadworld.  Solution.  Billionnaire wisping...
In 1950.  I swing in a river in canada.  Fishes every were.  Many as large as me... Now nothing.  But we have oil oil oil
You will have nothing and be happy.....eat your bugs
These very same people that speak out about saving the planet live in luxurious homes, use damaging fertilisers on their landscape gardens and lawns, waste copious amounts of precious water on them , drive cars, own appliances, travel in jet planes, use plastics and hair dye. Yet tell the world they have to cut back on all these things if they want a sustainable way of life. Come on. 😵‍💫
The grizzly was no more in CA in 1924...nearly 100 years ago. Not like it happened last week.   I agree we all need to consume much, much less.  I agree we need to help animals and the environment to preserve what we have.  And electric vehicles aren't the solution to save the "earth". They use electricity and have toxic, finite batteries.  Solar isn't the solution. These huge solar farms fry birds and solar panels are finite and are not recyclable.    Coming up with a way to solve our plastic problem would be a good start for our oceans. But the plastic lobby probably prevents that from happening.   This piece seems focused on alarm. No counter balance from an alternative viewpoint. No hope. No real solutions to real issues.  Just horror, terror, horror, terror, horror, nightmare, fear. Our media loves to pump all that out.
They're preparing us for planned massive depopulation for the NWO.
God created it he can handle it
I hope we go extinct we have proven to be the most fowl and perverse and cruel form of life. Goodbye.
More fear for cash
More fear for cash
We need the  Venus Project by Jacque Fresco that is our only solution.
I am aware of the alarms. This is the worst ever. Starvation is inevitable. That may reduce the population some but not enough. This is really sad. Does this mean Christ is near?
The grizzly bears aren't in CA anymore because the people have hunted them and killed them all off.
99.9% of life on Earth has gone extinct. It is normal. Our time will come when it's our turn.
Its time to take them swimming pools and make fishing habits.          All pools should be for life not for your drink and party's anymore.    Take what we have and make the best of it. California has many swimming pools and should be used for water reserves.      Think about it we could us swimming pools for mass water reserves. Fish,green houses and many other animals.         Ugh!
That's ridiculous you know how big the planet is how much land isn't touch // come on //
Frogs, then birds, or insects, then birds, fish, plantlife, then us. The order's not important, just the dying.
Maybe the chemtrails should stop.
No.. you don't say.
This is a great climate alarmist propaganda piece. Good job 60 minutes, I would expect no less from leftists.
This has nothing to donwith sustainability. It has everything to do with excessive waste. Im willing to bet that half the fish caught are eventually thrown away for no reason
WHAT THE WORLD NEEDS TO  DO IS REPENT
when and how were the new jersey palisades formed? please
😂
Fake science.
Not true. Propaganda from the 1° things change they always have. Please pay attention ( not to the " news" )
Dr Guy Macphearson said more than 10overs ago & got censored for it…
Their answer - Agenda 21
Nothing last forever.... including us, 🤔
The world will change and be just fine. Humans may go extinct, or get lucky enough to technologically advance enough for life in space or on the moon, or mars within the next couple hundred to couple thousand years. Regardless, the earth will cleanse itself and restore order, as everything we toxic we create is from the earth itself. It will break down the plastics, the carbons, everything, very slowly over millions of years. A blink in time for our planet when you look at the timeline. We will be fine here for the most part for a long while, being that we only populate about 10% of the surface area of all land. The climate has always changed, we either change with it or we go extinct. I have an excellent solution to slow this down, it gets to the root. Put a ban on land development unless it is private homesteading. Land development to put up ugly gated communities and golf courses that are ecological disasters is the root cause of it all. The amount of fossil fuels it takes to build just one, including the infrastructure is insane, and has a direct effect on the climate after it’s built. These monstrosities literally change the weather patterns with how densely clustered they are.
Nonsense! The only mass extinction if it comes will be from billions of woke youth walking off cliffs in a Tic Tok challenge.
So if this is the 6th... what fossil fuels did the other 5 civilizations use? ... swear people have no clue.
Cap
cause thier cutting our food source
The outcome of the world is sin and end. Death will prevail here and fear of it is okay but we also have to recognize that this was always the outcome when we live the life we do.
Gov.... "The world ran out of room and we are all going to die if something does not change..." also they say "take this new shot and follow these rules". Same people and same motives.
# STOP TRIPPING Never will EARTH NOT SUSTAIN HUMANS M. PLANTMS& ANIMALS ARE PUSHED TO THE BRINK BEC.OF GREED  NOT OVERPOPULATION  GREED. 70% EXPANSION means  (3 %&1%'ers) bui l d on NATURAL PLOTS CORPORATE GREED is responsible. THOSE 1%'ers have RESERVATIONS to board ships ON ESTABLISHED colonies planet MARS. 😢
Same thing happened to the buffalo we never thought they would go extinct! From lack of Proper management, sure enough!
People are going extinct. Birth rates are so low that they are unsustainable that’s worldwide and it’s also a fact, no matter what they keep spouting about overpopulation we are dying as A species.
this is all a bunch of BS. Research exactly what they say, they are inflating the numbers a little
If we smart will move into the Earth.... And keep it clean.
And we are just to lazy to do the right thing.......we have solutions but greedy people are in the way of those that are willing.
Do you really think that is a solution???  We can't even stop the wars which would be a very simple start. Peace ! It's now too late anyway but Peace would be really nice, is that too much to ask for ?
Propaganda!!!   What about spraying the skies?   Cell towers, 5 g interference,  Shame shamw
As things are, it's just fine, renuables are the problem. Not people, and oil isn't finite. It's simply plant soup.
Which Human Race Is Making Exctinction Happen Like This?
These people are crazy. Read the bible.
These scientist also want to eradicate us humans.
Oy vey
We are in the process of a pole shift and Earth's magnetic field is weakening thus letting in more radiation and cosmic particles thus letting in more neutrons which could affect coding of software programs which could affect modern society is a very dramatic way.
And il make sure I witness the 7th
The sun goes throigh cycles, pole shifts etc. The ego of man to believe they're a threat is staggering. As well as the ego of man to believe they can "fix" the "problem." TPTB see you and I as the probelm not them. I think you're starting to see the real threat here. Most of this video is pure propaganda and more fear. Fear. Fear. Fear. Have to keep the population scared. As well as divided. Turn off your TV.
So curious here… 1000’s of years ago we’re humans burning fossil fuels to fuel the climate change???  😅 #sarcasm
Idiots scaring the public. Land is not space. Humans have the ability to grow vertically. We have amazing ability to study , learn from, and adapt to our environment. Just like all animals do. We just do it faster, and more efficient when we want to. We humans are not animals. Stop fighting for resources and emotional power and work together. Literally grow... Up. Vertical farming, vertical living. A twenty story building can be farmland. One acre can be twenty acres if we work together and try. Wild animals will become extinct. Smart animals will not. GPT
This news will make the Communist Liberals throw a Party,fauci can finally retire
Hopefully we realize that it's gonna do this regardless of humans.  We didn't do this and we're not gonna stop it.
DUE TO SYNTHETIC ELEMENTS
Get nuclear fusion going, and you will get more food on less land to stem the tide of wildlife deforestation. WE NEED MORE ENERGY ON LESS LAND. ONLY WAY TO DO THAT IS FUSION.
Couple of Costal Elite Stanfordites telling everyone how they should live while they probably have a villa drinking 300 dollar bottles of wine at night lol.
We need a nuclear war to reduce the wold population? Or we need to have conscience to reduce pollution?
Once upon a time, 60 Minutes was a good and enlightening show. Today you have sunk to the bottom, both viewer-wise and content-wise, where everything revolves around LIES and other twisted "news"..
Do they think we have 30 years? I do not
If this is already bad, imagine with the new generation. This will exacerbate the destruction toon of the planet.
How sad😔 My heart goes out to all of humanity❤️
Sorry 60 minutes...didn't watch this...and don't trust you at all.  AT. ALL.
2 words:  Birth Control...especially in the 3rd world.  Pay them to NOT REPRODUCE.  Won't cost much at all.   Their quality of living will rise and  their food will go farther.
These as wholes are such liars.
Yeah but lets keep building residential neighborhoods bc the real estate market is booming and also bring everyone back to the office because these high rise buildings are soooo necessary. It's clear the big shots in our society can care less whether or not things go extinct because there's money to be made and after they die its not their problem anymore and the cycle continues.
Killing babies in womb ...worries about bears ...please
Fake news 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Are these the same "scientists" that said, in the late 60's and early 70's that the Earth would be nothing more than a ball of uninhabitable ice by the 1980's? They told us then that the science was settled... Now they are basically suggesting that we need to get rid of over half of the planets humans...I agree...lets start with those high and mighty "scientists" and their families.
BS!
Climate change is mainly from MOTHER NATURE, one volcano is enormous amount of pollution but it must happen. its the will of GOD
Just like GOD said.
the past 20,000 years have seen so many more extinctions than average, like always the megafauna went first and even 1000 years ago those ecosystems were mere shells of what they once were and at this point its speeding up. 20,000 years is a very small amount of time on a geologic and evolutionary scale, while I wouldn't say its a true mass extinction yet, its certainly an extinction event. Mass extinctions lead to the disappearance of the majority of species, not just the most specialized like right now but if we dont pull ourselves together that will change.  The end of the ice age caused the climate to rapidly change and the sea levels to rise which cause extinctions and now that we are disrupting it more as well as wrecking the place in general its not looking good.
Very misleading and dishonest information as usual. Not even close to true
I learned about this in "1970", when I took the first class taught at Palm Bch. Jr. College on Environmental Conservation.  That class should have been taught in the high schools and required of every student.  Maybe then we'd have more aware people.  But I know what happened to me and likely happened to most of us who knew this and did care.  I got busy with LIFE, with trying to learn to survive as an adult.  Finding a place to sleep and food to eat became the priority.  Finding and keeping jobs that allowed me to do this was paramount.  With the growing financial divide, many of us can't do much about it.  I plant Milkweeds and argue with my landlord to keep him from cutting them down.  Weed grasses grow among them and he says, "what must the neighbors think?" about how messy that hillside looks.  He's the one with money that can make a difference, but he doesn't understand.  I'm just lucky that he hasn't kicked me out of here over my Milkweeds.  I wish I could do more.
We would have enough for everyone if it wasn’t for greed and constant warfare
I was going to say, that's in the PAST, not the future.  We really need to get our breeding under control as a planet. Stop shaming people who don't want kids.  Stop having them if you can't afford them.  Stop using ancient text to dictate how we handle the world in this century.  "Go forth and be fruitful" May have been good advice when civilizations are widely spaced apart; It makes contextual sense.  There is no more room.  We are desperately trying to control the breeding of animals; yet, man remains the most destructive one.  We can't outgrow our FOOD/OXYGEN SOURCES.  It's common sense.
I think it would be foolish of us to always presume that we could always just create another world after trashing the one we started out with.
Is mr 5 earths for real?🤣
😂😂😂😂😂😊
We can’t do anything to stop this madness. All these giant companies are run by rich mofos who don’t care what they do to the earth, they only care about money
Over hunting and over pressuring the Californian grizzly population is what ultimately diminished the numbers of grizzlies within California
We are all to blame for allowing ourselves to consume and for putting globalization, bureaucrats and shareholders in charge of the planet!!!😶 We did it to ourselves so no crying!!!😡✌
pseudo-scientific propaganda.
It is estimated, as hunter gatherers... 10 million is the sustainable number of humans on this rock.  Behold, we are become mold on a loaf of bread. Dislike this analogy? Too bad... truth has no concern  for our preferences.
That's because like politics everything is treated as a business, profit first....
😀
60 minutes has an agenda..
Humans are enslaved.
Doubtful. God and guns protect and feed . Good luck hippies
This is crap god made the earth to give us all we need there is so much land that still has not been touched.
Pollution was way higher in the 50’s, 60’s & 70’s. We’ve BEEN supporting this many lives. What’s the problem is the burning of food processing and closing farms. WAKE UP!
IGNORANCE OF THE BIBLE IS IGNORANCE OF GOD AND THE WORLD
From the time of Noah, and our time is happening now,evil is rising.overpopulation.the weather is changing the second coming of Jesus Christ is getting near
Well, i reckon its time for the harvesting and let the earth replenish....again
Our education system has failed us. This is not news. Since I was a baby they knew about this, I'm in my thirties now, learned about the current extinction event about 6 years ago and it's insane how little awareness there still is about it. Climate change is just the final nail in the coffin of this extinction event. We can take books like "rewinding North america" as a blue print for what to do to mitigate the damage from here... but we, and the generations to come, will have a hell of a storm to weather any way you slice it.
sad sad sad...i cant watch all of this, i planted two trees this week . my part ?
Movie - Sound of Freedom.
We need more people to stand up and help each other and stop polluting and preserve our resources.
Go vegan and fruitarian please.
So a meteor is going to crash into the earth like the other mass extinctions? Or did the dinosaurs eat everything and poop in the rivers or what?
Socialism is horrible for the environment and it definitely won't save the forests.
The floads 10000 years ago
humanity is the biggest threat to humanity
i go fishing im lucky to catch one keeper i hear old timers talk that they go on their lunch break and get couple keepers . Problem is we cut down jungle overfish the seas polute everything if people live proper i believe we can have 20 billion people and still function
I truly believe the government is behind the population control, due to what’s being mentioned in this video & due to what’s taken place in the last 5-years. Enough said.
I do hope so .
They're confused due to encephalopathy from covd
kindly, you would do more meaningful good by putting God first on Sunday and giving the wonderful Earth a needful day of rest   on the first day of the week , than rolling blackouts, bidens hopeful war on petroleum , pro baseball, led lights, electric cars etc... I admonish you to read about our future in the Book of Mormon mention by Isaiah in the old test, chapter 29. It is a '' marvelous work and wonder '' . best wishes
Global warming check the temperature under a solar panel surprise hotter then your car.
I’ve had this fear since I was a kids (I’m 33) and seen they kept building in all the open land around my city and it only got worse. We now barely even have any fields
What's NEEDED is a system to limit Human Population!
When Prof Barnosfsky says "The Earth will be fine..." he is forgetting (?) that the Earth is herself a living organism whose ecosystems are being poisoned, who's various living parts and manifestations are dying. Saying "Earth will be fine" is like saying "Yes, his body is riddled with cancer and he's lost limbs from poor circulation, but, you know, he's FINE.
Go woke go broke
Bs
There is no mass "extinction" happening anywhere on this Earth and these people are misleading you and fear mongering to make money on their fake shows. Its absolutely ridiculous ! What are we in ?? The next ice age or something !!? Nope.
The earth is reserved for destruction my heat and fire .. its been heating up for 20 million years long before people appeared from a explosion of heat
Oh it will become extinct. It’s biblical. God destroyed the earth by flood the first time. Next time it will be by fire. The heaven and the earth will pass away and God will bring in a new heaven and new earth.
Odd that Stanford would employ old hippy bolsheviks.
I think one step in the direction may be to have an organization or the government subsidize greywater filtration systems for homes to water gardens and consume at home. This is heart breaking. What have I done?
Bro if you looked at countries like India and other Asian countries to build the homes and live with nature side-by-side but in America will destroy Forest Sol corporation account and and then when the bear or mountain lion comes into the neighborhood because it's the old habitation everybody freaks out called the cops and the bear or on the line gets killed because this country are government listen to corporations and that's it now this guy is out saying humans are destroying the earth not so the native Americans lived for thousands of years alongside with nature
Well people forget Earth is a living creature imagine it's some big corporation comest starts poking big holes and your body to extract your body fluids sooner or later you're going to react we need to hold them accountable😢
As someone thats 28 right now. I dont think my generations going to feel it. I think we are going to see prices sky rocket as we enter our 40s and 50s. But i think in about 10 generations the worlds going to be in so much trouble. Between this and the climate. Its going to be so bad. Eventually we are going to reach a point where theres one final generation like interstellar showed us. Where theres one last generation before it all ends.
Paul R. Ehrlich another left wing extremist. Of course he is on 60 minutes to spread his false predictions just like Al "the ice is melting" Gore.
The problem isn’t over population in itself. The problem is this idea of a world economy. The Native American people fished to feed there community not the entire planet. Countries should go back to keeping everything in house and stop all the foreign export. We would all be better off if this were the way we ran our planet.
THIS NEEDS TO BE SHOWN IN ALL THE SCHOOLS!  I didnt know grizzly bears didnt even exist in CA anymore wow thats so sad... i started crying with that native man when he was talking about the legacy of salmon fishing potentially ending with his generation, its insane to think that things we know and take for granted could be gone and we cant get them back.
I'm fine with humans perishing.  The world will go on. Stop having kids now and save a life. Theirs.
Bull butter, there is more then enough room for everyone.
Anyone seen Avengers? Thanos´s plan to eradicate 50% of the Earth´s population made absolutely no sense to me, it was one of the most infuriating aspects of that movie. We as a species breed far too fast for those 50% to have any lasting effect, we would double the population in about 50 years and be back to square one.
Save Latin America 🌎 🙏🏾
The planet ain’t goin’ anywhere people; we are. Everyone is running around with their fingers in their ears going, “LA LA LA LA LA LA LA LA!” 😢
Here in Northeast Georgia,  we have  put out 4 humming bird feeders , every spring for years and we had dozens zooming around. The past few years , the hummers haven't shown up until June and gone by the end of August. Even then, only a few show up now and this year so far,  only 3 hummers . Something is bad bad wrong !!! Purhaps the manmade Amazon fires or the shifting of the earths polar axis ? But whatever the reason, I'm positive,  it's man-made!!!
And this one is 💯% man made !!!
87% of climate change is due to animal agriculture, so if you really want to save the world, go vegan. Just alone, clearing land to graze farmed animals accounts for roughly 40% of all deforestation. Animal agriculture water consumption in the United States alone ranges from 36-74 trillion gallons of water annually, which is much higher than the amount of water used for hydraulic fracturing (fracking).   Ofc stop having biological kids until our numbers are back down to sustainable levels. For now, PLEASE ADOPT! Adopting instead is among the most selfless actions one can make.
*Let the Sunshine In...*
Funny how scientists are ignored when confronting catastrophic information that effects the planet and all it holds. Who decides when to act!!?? Politicians or the 1% er's. Because it certainly isn't the masses of people concerned with all the troubling information relating to the demise of our planet. But what determines action? Money? Technology? Politicians usually like to stick to the easy fixes, Healthcare, education etc, but those that do try to 'think ahead' are usually abused by the public, who think only of the now, or this coming 'term' of office. For example, we are in the midst of a magnetic flip, which will decrease the earth's protective shield by 90% possibly more, AND, the sun has magnetic flips every 11 years which we are also in the midst of experiencing. IF, they happen at the same time, Skin cancer will increase dramatically, all electronic devices will fail, and more. Anything being done about that? NO, only one place on Earth is ready with an updated electrical grid, because they experienced that already. Not mentioning the population crisis, mass extinction rates, and more major concerns. ALL I can say is 'good luck' to all, not just humans.
Paul Erlich is a liar
Fake news
Gosh!! You all finally noticed !?!  Earth's human population would probably be sustainable if it had stopped growing about year 1, according to the Gregorian calendar..... 150 - 300 million people. Who wants to go first ? Your comet awaits you.
Blaming humans is negative and old. Im tited of it. Educating people about how to keep their habitats healthy is where its at. We have been misled that man is in control and has the power to make a utopia. If that were true, we would have accomplished it by now. The earth is about survival and produces massives changes just to do so. So get off the blame game. Focus on education and adaptation. Even with all our best efforts to maintain our climate, the future will look totally different in a short time. We are not the earths focus. Get over yourself!
I don't believe them this is a woke channel
Is this about climate change or overpopulation?  And the narrator mentions things on a scale not known since the dinosaurs.  So were there people polluting back then?  Too many people back then?  It makes your point seem contrived.
Fake news
Not only animals but humanity ar vashing, they taken them in the under world, they tel you what they want to tell you, all the world are underworld. I pray god end secret society and they way of life, in jesus name! So let it be written, so let it be done, a....prayer warrior, lord ! Lookinng forward, you promise.
Burning of fossil fuels isnt the issue lol how can you burn a fossil which is literally rock and how can fuel come from a fossil.
How can it ever be too many people? People are born and people are also dying.
This is happening now. It is not like a catastrophic event that will happen in one day. Land is hard to get gets more expensive, we canoafford to live as before, we don't have kids and the population declines.
Yes true no no help! Without out food animals an plant's heat killing off both human did it all!
If it calls for total govt control , 60 minutes will create a show to support it …I drove around the northeast last week and noticed plenty of land for everyone .  It is true however we need to recycle everything and stop dumping and burning garbage .    Ps Elon musk says population collapse is the real threat …
The only solution is a one world goverment. Otherwise its pointless to even try to manage this.
The good news is that one day there will be a new Heaven and a new Earth.
You mean a rock, hurling thru space at 60,000mph, is going thru changes!? Whooda thunk it!?
This is bogus garbage!  The story specifically targets SMALL over populated areas!  There are millions of miles of inhabital open area, just in Colorado!  Add another 50 states, plus nearly all of Africa, South America, china, and Canada!  This is so much more Much Ado About Nothing!  Stop spreading LIES !  1970s...sea level was supposed to rise 350 ft!  1980s...we were headed for a new ice age in 10 years!  In the 90s and early 2000s...the earth was supposed to die from excess greenhouse gases and global warming!  From 2010....we now have climate change that will be the death of all humanity!  ITS ALL LIES BASED ON VOODOO SCIENCE!  I AM A 48-YEAR ENVIRONMENTAL SCIENTIST/ENGINEER I ACTUALLY KNOW WHAT IM TALKING ABOUT!
I wanna who's the person who buys a "60 minutes" hoodie 😂
When one goes all follow. The insects died due to heat and uvc rays. After that everything collapses. Its quick too. Mammals will wipe themselves turning to prey it never considered. In the end it is dog eat dog.
USA killed millions of innocence Iraqis and Afghanistan. There is no Weapon of Mass Destruction! Bush .. Tony Blair and Obama committed War Crime and got away free !!!
What can we do? Not eat?
Vampiric overconsumption
Go plantbased. End animal agriculture.
This guy sounds like a globalist. There are many places humans don't live. Humans dominating is the word in action. Christ said not only would we dominate as humans but they we should. This nothing more than the humans not taking care of the planet.   Whatever wildlife disappears they'll have to legalize cloning animals to restore populations.
It will significantly speed up within the next 30 years and, it will take place over 3 weeks.
hemp is the answer
What if the Democrats had fought harder for Al Gore in 2000. Another Democrat who won the popular vote and had the election stolen!
Total NONSENSE............
Some of our natural instincts really need regulating such as that of being territorial and that of being competitive.   We need global unification and to regulate these what have now become self-destructive compulsions.
Try unbiased reporting. You might find it refreshing.
I remember as a kid in the 90s when our teacher would ask us to get few tadpoles to demonstrate the life cycle of a frog, it was such a easy task, just walk to puddle of stagnant water n dip our container to catch a few... now my child has the same task but we are unable to find any tadpoles anywhere 😢
Animal agriculture and fisheries are the worst industries.
They were pining for Grizzly bears to comeback to California. No thanks
I believe this will sort itself out. If it causes mass extinction of humans too then wildlife will comeback
We’re a very determined species… determined to destroy ourselves and our planet.
Wrong
Human species are consumers only. The only thing the human species create is TRASH. Birds eat, but their droppings carry seeds ready for planting.  Wild animals propagate wild plants. Humans deforest lands for profit based on consumer demand. Water is contaminated by and with everything the human species creates. We are f~[|<! I am glad that even the richest people in the world, will not be able to survive as soon as Mother Nature decides to press the RESET BUTTON.
We do not occupy 70% of the land. I was tuned in Until  he said that
Bs
There is enough on the earth for all of us, but not when some of us want it all
Lost all credibility when you bring on Paul Erlich or however you spell it. Guy has wanted humanity gone since the 70s
Mad scientists, no doubt. God promised he would not destroy the earth again after Noah's flood, and that the earth would remain forever.
Why don’t we all and I mean all stop talking about it and do some thing about it including the scientists who were talking about it. They live wonderful luxurious lives. Why don’t we stopped chem trailing the skies in poisoning the earth, start hanging up your wash like I do, stop running the air at a low temperature and keep it much higher as I do, why don’t we not heat our houses up to 72 when I keep mine at 64 and put sweaters on, why don’t we collect rainwater like I do, why don’t we truly recycle, why don’t we grow some of our own food like I do. All we do is talk but none of us are willing to do what we ourselves need to do. We want the good life and the spoiled life of having all the things we want.
Yeah, its why so much alternative power generation has been hidden. Thanks to a certain energy producing industry. 9 scientists and inventors are no longer  breathing because that certain industry? Wants to guarantee its monopoly on energy production which is at the heart of this extinction event which, FYI, humanity will not be exempt. At least everyone but the elite class
After Biden starts WWIII. We will be extinct
Global warming is a myth.... I  guarantee this little mass extinction thing is just for the corporations to profit....
Well we can aLways eat people
Well tell the evils to quit controlling the weather and destroying the food and water.
Are you listening GOP?
This is sad. Such a great story to up in awareness. But how sad the most richest people in the world do not help the cause and instead focus on the dumbest stuff and creating more technology as if it were much more precious and valuable than Gods creation and our children’s future.
Republican Florida will be the first underwater. And they will still deny Global Warming.
UPC The truth about the world planet earth Holy Bible extreme powers manifestation celestial world inside All Humanity animals Budweiser electric fingerprints FEMA 👖💳🙌🤲🤳✍️
The heat from the sun is billions of times more than the heat from the burning of all fossil fuels.  This massive heat dissipates back into space at night.  If not, the surface of the earth would be hundreds of degrees in only a few weeks.  Am I a scientist?  Yes I am.  Global warming is not true.
Ya it’s because of mass sterilization, the media propaganda that buys “science”  to tell you thinks like being obese is beautiful and completely healthy, telling people to get rid of their reproductive organs or get on hormones. Ya let’s trust the science that’s paid for by the people with money. Science is no longer something you just trust because it’s “science”, due to the corruption of the people doing the research..
Next week: The Seventh Mass Extinction!  Watch it live as it happens!
Well there is good news.  People are not having kids as much as they used to and many say we are heading towards a major population decline because of it.
The animals are running out of a place to live. Because you're building homes where they used to Live.
Are these the same scientists who said that Covid came from a bat that flew into a bowl of soup in a restaurant in Wuhan? 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Seems like BS
Good
While geoligists study rocks that have seen 100 mass extinction events before humans.  Just not on this show.
#FAKE NEWS, earth is about 5 percent populated
PS - And yet again California ruining this planet
Good living back then. Wonder if they knew now would they do it again ?? All those spiecies being pilfered to exstingshin. Thanks for ruining it for future people. And this  was in the past 40 years. Shame on you !If you had started with hours once a year everything would have been different. Wake up America!!
Climate change has occurred Millions and millions of years here on Earth it is natural it is not caused by humans.
Come on.... 50 years ago they said we'd be dead already.
I have been fighting this war since 1968, I am now 70 years old. My heart breaks when I look back at what a beautiful place this planet was. Now I feel so sorry for the young people today and what they are going to experience.   Young people get your face out of social media and use that time to save your future
Sad Story of humanity
Thank you so much for this insightful glimpse of the future of humanity. I guess my idea of suicide is more meaningful to the planet than I thought. Sorry I was here using the air and water, I should have known better.
"The sky is falling... the sky is falling...!!!"
We in the west aren't even having children at a replacement level anymore, so quit with the guilting!!!! Go tell the countries still having six or seven on average. Won't do that will you?
Like it or not, world-wide human population control (limiting the number of children per family to achieve and maintain a safe max population number) should have been implemented decades ago. We can fix the problem ourselves without pain and suffering or it will fix itself, with pain and suffering. To think otherwise is ignoring reality.
Quick cut to Africa where they live in squalor . The same picture  100 yrs ago.
Humans want only money and nothing else matters
The biggest thing we need to do is to not make so many babies.  2 kids is more than enough per family.   6 kids and more is unsustainable.  So yes, we are causing the 6th major die off.
Well, the baby boomers really had so many babies.  Up to 7, that’s too much compared with the amount ok kids people is having now. In some places the population is reducing, which may be a good thing. Capitalism must end or evolve. Hopefully one of us is SMART enough to change the current system to hep us with that task. I only get to see most of the animals in cages, that’s totally not fair.
That’s why I bought some land on Mars from Established Titles, I’m considered a Lord there, it’s legit
I had a dream about floating city's since I was a kid nanotech mylar base anti matter drive  we get off of earth soil a lot of it in a hundred years will revert back to à original state it needs a rest from us I. Seen in my dreams will have this technology when I'm in my 90s I'm 55 now so soon
Don't look up
Like Florida has tried to do with the alligator and cayman.the egrets and all the shore birds. It's a beautiful place here with city life and some of the problems there on the streets. Nice restaurant choices some ok beach bars. No night clubs for me. That's the danger zone,for fights and shooting up the place. Be careful no matter what. It's not real bad here.
This is our fault not because we are too many but too many that have given our backs on the CREATOR.  kNOw JESUS kNOw life eternal life.
Yet half of our government wants to force women to have children they don't want and can't provide for.
Honestly, the world 🌎 is going to be just fine. The human population is not big enough to cover 15% of the total land mass.there’s still plenty of land and space and resources to go around. Sure certain species go extinct but that would happen with or without human activity. Humans actually have very little impact. Climate change is a phase the planet goes into and humans have very little to do with the climate.
pay no attention to Joe Biden look over here and be afraid.
Humans are what scientists refer to as a break out species which is good for certain individuals but bad for the species. And other species
The human race is overrun with GREED
Animal agriculture does have significant environmental impacts, and many argue that it contributes to environmental degradation and climate change.  1)  Greenhouse gas emissions: Animal agriculture is a major contributor to greenhouse gas emissions. Livestock production, particularly cattle, produces methane, a potent greenhouse gas. Additionally, clearing land for grazing or growing animal feed releases carbon dioxide, contributing to deforestation and climate change.  2)  Land and water use: Animal agriculture requires vast amounts of land and water. Raising livestock necessitates large areas for grazing or cultivating animal feed crops. This leads to deforestation, habitat loss, and soil degradation. Furthermore, animal agriculture consumes substantial amounts of water for animal hydration and crop irrigation.  3)  Water pollution: The concentration of livestock in factory farming operations generates significant amounts of waste. The runoff from these operations can pollute water bodies, contributing to water pollution and eutrophication.  4)  Biodiversity loss: The expansion of animal agriculture encroaches on natural habitats, leading to the loss of biodiversity. Deforestation for grazing or feed crop cultivation reduces habitat availability for various plant and animal species, contributing to species extinction.   5)  Antibiotic resistance: The routine use of antibiotics in animal agriculture to promote growth and prevent diseases contributes to the rise of antibiotic-resistant bacteria. This poses risks to human health as well.
Its funny how they going to be charging us for a fake climate change and keep us in lockdown. Fear mongering like the plandemic. Funny how they started making our clothes and everything else out of plastics to ruin the planet further when we wash our clothes plastics go into the oceans and we drink from plastic which is destroying us. And weather manipulation and spraying our skys with chemicals and stopping farmers going natural. But hey we will change straws to paper (trees) and make them wear drink plastic. Follow the money then you find their science
Scientists have been talking about this subject for many years. The way I see it, it's hopeless. Humans aren't willing to sacrifice to fix the problem. Just a matter of time.
Anyone with common sense knows human consumption can't continue. 8 billion people consuming all resources and all the pollution as a result, not good.
Industrial and colonial capitalism is not sustainable. Humanity has been sustainable until the 1970s
so whats the solution ?? Thanos come to earth and reduce the population in half ???
This fisher looks like some billionaire
Soluble plastics and manufacture..need to stop
NOAH FED ANIMALS. DO NOT GET INTO CHURCHES OR TEMPLES. CHURCHES ARE FOR WEDDINGS AND FUNERALS. DO NOT GET BAPTISED.. ANIMALS NEED TO BE FED OR THEY EAT EACH OTHER.  MAKE ANIMALS AND PEOPLE ARE VEGETARIAN. KIDNEY BEAN..BLACK BEAN.BAKED BEANS OR EGGS. BUT NOT ALL EGGS. AND GROW MANY SHRIMP CLEAN THE water. Washing powders and suable plastic And plastics ......
Shrink people by 5x their original size 😂
The earth heats up and cools down .. has done for ever .,
Is The *Sky The Spaceship*  Night Night 🙏 🙏 💤💤
The problem of harvesting timber is that logging companies aren't legally compelled to replant to replace what they have taken.
Just demonstrates how wrong the "Experts" can be. It's now 2023 and we are still here. It makes one wonder what the experts are going to come up with next to try to get us under ever tighter control. The doom sayers need to find something else to think about besides doom and gloom. When one of the comentators said that humans have taken over 70% of the land, he's talking about those few individuals who have land grabbed thousands of acres for their own use. The rest of us have to be content with a small patch of lawn, (if we are lucky).
Ehrlich's only serious error was being too optimistic.
Overpopulation resulting in essential extinction has been part of Earth's history for 5 billion years.  It works for viruses and for mammals too.
So this the real reasons why covid exist human depopulation
Nature gave life for free.  Humans chose greed and put a price tag on it.  Done.
Geoengineering, artificial intelligence, digital currency, medical mad science.  The exploitation of nature is over.
The Final Days Channel utube COT Reports going ⏩⏩⏩
CLIMATE FRAUD AGENDA GOES ON & ON AS WEF GLOBALIST & PRINCESS CHARLES WORK TO OPRESS HUMANITY. All my birds are still here not gone its called climate change fraud agenda.
Armando that's all you know don't clout
60 minutes is such garbage. Just another fictional reality TV show😂
I hope A.I. gets access to out nuclear warheads lol. That would be fun.😅
🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
This is stupid! Lots of land on the other side of the ice wall.
I sure more than 50% of the people commenting and viewing. This video drives a big gas guzzling truck and another 50% is wasting resources by having lights burning electricity in another room that is unoccupied.
7:59 lol. This guy never heard of double dipping?
SHEER PANIC!! No one's gonna change it, we're all gonna die! ( I'm looking forward to Heaven actually)😊
I searched "Nibiru" and this video was the result
Why don't you just say it, stop dancing around it; earths human population needs to be culled! I don't recall the number but you guys say what you'd like to see the human population maintained at on the Georgia Guide Stones. Of course, it doesn't count when its your own folks; just us "Unwashed Masses", us "Useless Eaters"  need to be dispatched, right?
The population book was one of the best books ever, And should be required reading at schools.
Total propaganda from the hypocritical activists flying around in jets.
It doesn't help people shooting animals for trophies
Who cares go enjoy life we can't stop what's gonna happen, some (expert's) say we don't have enough people bothers say we have to many let's just not care life's to short to worry
Okay
I remember in the seventies they said the world would be buried under ice in a new ice agfe by 1980.
I’d like to help scale this up
The same television that tells you to become pregnant at 16 years old, is telling you that the world is overpopulated.
He wasn't wrong about widespread famine because he described things from a global perspective and there is famine rampantly affecting many countries of people. It's strange to me this piece is dedicated to discussing extinction and ensuring facts preside but  in terms of the lines written for the narrator, whomever wrote them wrote from the perspective of "There's no famine in 1st world countries". I'd suggest an update to this in either editing or in the description, as the current statement made in this video was false.
This generation isn’t interested in anything not on a screen. It’ll all die around them while they’re still focused on what’s in their underpants.
Its the sixth sun. The only way to survive it is to ho underground and in the mountains. Stay away from metal and electricals
I like how the media ignores the mass amounts of plastic in the oceans
We are NOT over populated. We just need our government to give up the technology they have for the world to go green! It’s our government’s no matter where you live. We must protect ourselves from them
Due to greed, the earth that has flourished for millions of years had almost become uninhabitable.. It has nothing to do with too many people.. Greed and wastage is the problem. God who created us has provided for all of the creation till today.. but the distribution of food has been left to human beings.. Ignoring environmental health by irresponsible use of fossil fuels,  plastics ,etc has poisoned the environment.... Unfettered greed is cause.. capitalism will bring about the end of life on earth... soon unless something drastic is done about it quickly.
And wh
Sixth mass extinction is humans
It is the poisons they are spraying on almost every day and the 5G that is killing everything. Not climate change.
greed is the problem!!!!
grown humans need to watch their kids more to remember how to have fun, and not destroy
these two are really a large part of extremeism, sorry but thats the truth!
Yes and it’s cause by science
There are people on this planet, who believe the world would be better off with, only 500 million people living on it. We are NOT seen as one of those 500 million.  The world can more than handle 8 billion people! Look at Canada 🇨🇦  for example, almost 39 million people live within 100 miles of the US border.   We throw away billions of dollars worth of food every year.  Have you noticed, the people who scream alarms about global warming still fly private planes, drive SUV's, have multiple homes, etc. Want others to de populate. Get rid of cows 🐄 in the west,  because mEThAne smh. but still want to eat meat for themselves. For the rest of us, synthetic meat or bugs🤮 No one ever talks about killing any of the millions of animals running wild in Africa and feeding the poor with those animals and to cut down on so called methane.  I'm getting a Dark Ages vibe
The government has consolidated farming and all other successful produce work for control and to starve  the world. Everything that the West does is to destroy the earth and its people
Governments can't solve homelessness, hunger etc... Which means that we haven't even solved the basics of civilization. Solving global warming or mass extinction is highly unlikely.
Extinction watchers will you go to heaven? Ever lie, steal, used God's name as a curse word (O-M-G)? Still think your good? According to God's law, you're guilty. Wait, God loves you, he made a way out. God so loved the world that he gave his son that whoever believes in him will not die but have everlasting life. John 3:16 Jesus died for you, believe & repent.
Could be.  After all, Joe Biden's a dinosaur!
My question is, if the space race hadn't ended when apollo did would have it have made any difference? If technology and innovation had continued to evolve at the rate they were could we have lessen the impact on earth while being able to colonize elsewhere? As it stands now the sociopolitical status of the world is falling apart and everyday people fight to ignore and dismiss this more and more to say nothing about actually doing something about it. It's very disheartening to know we have such potential yet chose to ignore and pawn off everything.
Think about  this. Discuss it.
Get rid of everything unnatural like government, fiat currency, grocery stores, mass domestication of livestock, pesticides, plastic, and land ownership without occupation. Make everyone responsible for themselves. People will no longer be going out an catching 5,000 fish in half a day. They'll start living with family or tribes and drastically reduce their waste by over 10,000%. Let Nature run its course.
Don't worry the world leaders are going to lower the population. What do you think Covid is what do you think aids is. Cancer has cures you won't see them. They are planning on a good old war soon to.
Hopefully this current administration goes extinct. 😂
You guys speak for us
clicked to hear the contrary of usa reports that  human population declines since 2008 and reason behind the big political ban on abortion and gays worldwide and the genicide of dark colored folk drowning pushed off the contenant.
기후가열이 더 빠르게 가속화되는 느낌이 듭니다.
Tons of birds are dying snd dropping around the 5G many videos of this
So many must choose between our own comfort or life
California almonds use a stunning 1.1 trillion gallons of water each year, or enough for you to take a 10-minute shower each day for 86 million years
I care.
It is ALWAYS the minority in the world that are saying the world is overpopulated.
Sounds like someone looking for more research funding.
aaaaiiiieeeeeee !!!
The wealthy s greed and policies are the problem. Not the population. Plenty of room for all, plenty of resources but the majority of us are considered peasants to the people directing us and making our decisions. Its power and control above all else. Its in their best interest to control population. Lol the other five extintions were before mans pollution but this ones on us?
Fake news. Paid actors. 😢
12000 yr pole flip is coming within the next 20 years.
I love it. Let it burn
Al Gore was right. the presidential "election" of 2000 was the beginning of the end politically.
october 16 2046  the Sun will nova and the world will have a natural reset where most people and all governments will be cooked extra crispy
I hope we all die everyone in 2023 lost Touch with Reality 🙄 y’all rather be on TikTok /YouTube all day  Also the original 60 minutes was from 2010 or something like that 😂  But it is true we all will die  in the next 300-500 years   Big possibility in the next 5-100 years cuz of war ☠️☠️☠️
And the funny thing is that ya can't mention this anomaly to children because it will depress them!  30+ yrs I've warned about this, no one really is interested, most dismiss my statements. I cringed at coworkers having babies now and they just consider me sinister.
Only 12,000 views? Nobody wants to watch this report.  As a biology major, I've warned of this very thing +30 years ago.  I can't think of one person to forward this 60 Minutes bit since most don't want to know. And yet, this report still doesn't talk about population reduction
The salmon is in danger due to the bioengineering and gmo creature in cohoots together with population control of the government.
Someone should tell that scientist chic that Salmon go to the river to die. #clueless
Spoiler: The white man is the only man saying the planet is unsustainable. He is only about 6% of the world's population. He cares because it is he who has conquered and destroyed the planet.
Sad but true
We'll be eating our own dead one day...not me.  Mankind.   What do you do if there is little other food to survive...no livestock, no meat.   The ugly truth is, we have k9's because we need meat. Of course It's creepy thinking to eat some strange person because you're hungry.   I'd much rather eat someone I know.  At least i have known where they've been.   haha!
If the poles melt,  you have to move to higher ground. The ocean used to be 300 ft higher.   He's right. The planet will be fine.
Change is a constant. we're still in an ice age.  There never used to be ice at the poles in most of earth's histroy.   Man came from th eequator where it was warmer.   They had no fire to live outside the equator.  The earth will do what it wants ot do.  We cant cool it like the ignorant democrats think they could do.  If anything,  pollution would cool the earth.  By darkening the atmosphere.
When I was young, the fields and trees would be covered by thousands of Monarch butterflies during their migration, now you barely see any 😢
Well it sure is slow
Explains the bug that was unleashed
We can't keep Thanos on hold forever now can we
Either I’m right or racist, but I’ve only ever heard white American men say the earth is overpopulated. Considering their history, it’s a bit unnerving.
So in short. The rich want everyone dead but them.
I was in high school in 1968.  They were predicting world wide famines by the mid 70s. Their tming was off.
He just stated it's what his family has done for hundreds of years and you ask him such a stupid question like why he is so emotionally attached?
Now we enter a society were we ask, who will live, and who is best to live.
I remembered the pandemic the world was quiet, wild was trying to make a come back. Here’s a situation WW3
I loved frogs and have not seen one in the last 13 years. Bees are gone too. No crickets either.
Thaks to the industrial revolution, colonization, and our beloved urbanization
Pole flip
The humans will not stop breeding until their government forces them to. It's in their nature
There are so many towns in the USA losing population, so I think it's working
plant trees everywhere possible. The medians between highways in the US alone hold enough acres of land to pretty much erase the US carbon footprint of the US if properly planted with evergreen trees and plants. But this is not astheticly pleasing and takes a little work to maintain so states will not do it. There is no reason at all to have the medians clear of short stature trees. Tall growth trees of course could fall into lanes but not others. Compared to alternative measures, this would be kindergarten simple.
The forests provide the oxygen for the world and clears the air of Carbon Dioxide
Democrats have a tax to "fix" this
They can & do fish farms like Asian & Arab countries gov subsidiaries
No words can describe the sadness and the recklessness of human greed. No country has true leaders. None. When are we going to realize as people we have to do this. Because our leaders are the most greedy of us all.
My father's Fathers we're NE lobster men but we were the victims of  Gov. Not limiting licencing!! Our whole operation was to propagate numerical increase!!We were lobster farmers!! No shorts,never a egger poachers were legally  shot or sunk
Playing Devil's advocate here. (Don't crucify me, simply posing a question) What is it you expect us to do? Cull our own population? Go back to dark-ages medicine so half of us die off before forty? Fact of the matter is, that no matter what we do to protect our wildlife, we are simply too many.
The population is not too high. It's proven that the earth can support at least 12b people.  The problem is the wildly poor management of resources under capitalism and the wildly poor management of societies under a tiered class system that results in every class except one being seen as just another resource.
More baseless claims.
The only mass extinction that's  coming is from what humans have done to this earth. 60 minutes don't tell lies now
Buy organic or better grow your own
I don't recall who said it, but they are right.   For every animal that goes exstinct, so too should a popular snack food.  Several years ago the last of a species died.  Did it make the news, no.  The last of a Hostess product did.   Polar bears go, so do twinkies Bees, M&Ms A plant, Coke-a-Cola Etc.  That would get people moving
I camped extensively in Glacier National Park in Montana back in the early 90s. The Glaciers are completely disappearing, the place is unrecognizable. I've seen the difference and it is dramatic. No one can convince me that global warming isn't real.
11:43 they also won’t be fed by farmers the ultra wealthy are paying not to farm. The audacity of this commentary is astounding, to point out human suffering while these rich refuse to give up their lifestyles and literally shell out $$ to prevent others from ever elevating themselves.
Capitalist  will need " Five more Earths ", to maintain their lifestyle.
Everything of mass harvesting got a good start around the turn of the 20th century.  Where there's logs of huge mass catches with large fish. The United States bringing in more immigrants to handle projected needs.  It sounds rough. However, there does seem to be biblical prophecy that fits so much.  Just look at 2 Timothy 3.  It describes modern attitudes.
War Drugs an letting kids be kids is only way.
They killed all the bears because they eat people..
We can make a farm for anything now fish cows chickens included
As long as they are forcing thier narrative of Control Oppress Victimize Isolate Discriminate Slaughter us. I would say 3 years.
Pollution and chemicals death
No one believes these guys because they predict the end of the world all the time. They sound like Art Bell. I really liked how they say we can't go on living like we do. What they really mean is us, we have to change how we live, not them.
Bloke are err arrrr ye sĥhhhurreee. Matey
Too many people wanting/needing earth’s resources. Nobody talks about this anymore. Give women access to birth control and abortion, and educate everyone. The Greedy and the greedy Republicans won’t let it happen.
Of the Vax people
Extinction is what planet earth does and has always done. Picture planet earth as a  Broadway stage; after a period of time the broadway play changes and the stage set changes but the stage remains the stage.
Bureau of Land Management KILLED the Grizzlys & Greedy Politicians are hand in hand w/ polluting Corporations. Cha Ching $$$$$$$$$$$$
All lies,,we are decreasing,Japan cannot replace its population..please look at BIRTH GAP PART 1
Oh i see. 6th mass extinction been going on for how many years now and goverment keeps messing it up. Thinking they can fix it 😢
Too much plastic and acids in water
its all about the money ....
Hmm. We havent done anything because we cant without killing off over half of us. We cant bring ourselves to do that so we're riding it out into the abyss
when you use them for year without conributing  tonothing their  life, that's what happens. Did you protect the fish, their biirth season did you stop fishhing? Did you ensure their habitat was safe and clean. Probably, NO, No, it is all gone. Now what am I going to do other than fishing? Get a job produce something to help your enviroment instead of  catching animal,packaging them and sellling.
When Grow Up Can't Talk To Each Other We All In Trouble All Round The World 😢😢😢😢🤬🤬🤬🤬🤞🤞🤞🤞
Not Important To Everyone In America because We All Have A Electric Vehicles And E-Bikes
The REAL reason for the VAXX...
Yes, EV’s are going to make it happen. Battery manufacturing is going to accelerate it.all by design.
Meanwhile in the USA people are having kids for the sake of welfare checks.  We gotta limit population and resources.
Biden is caught using the N word on tape why are we not condemning that
The reason the polar ice is melting is because corporations want to make food cheaper and last longer so they added palm oil to near everything so to get massive amounts of palm 🌴 oil they cut down all the world's rain Forrest none are left
"Killing our way of life" well said
Cow farts …. we’re all doomed!
The vanishing wild? If you put all the people on earth together, we would cover only about 5% of the land. The earth gets hotter and colder on a regular basis. But go ahead and panic😂
For me, it's the rare sightings of the typical "box turtle". I  would pass them on my bike as a kid. Now, I'm retired. Living on a "natures preserve", in Huntsville Alabama.  And I haven't seen one in the 3 years that I've lived here.!! However, I did notice one crushed by a backhoe clearing a lot for cookie cut homes to be built.
Its not just over population its our exploitive, always more always better always accumulate way of life
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
People need to stop having children if they can’t provide for them
I was told not having children was a bad thing. I believed we are overpopulated and create too much carbon dioxide. Less humans = less carbon emissions.
If the science is right.  Ozone over poles wrong. Sea levels rising wrong Science is now finding outcomes in order to get  More Funding.
This kind of perceptions news is what create wars. The globe is vast enough to cohabit but human greed on consumption and wealth accumulation is what brings the eco-destruction
Lets talk population growth. The US has hardly any natural population growth. China? Enough said
This is like Grata saying the world will end last week. 😂 Fear mongers are bad mmmkay.😊 Trump 2024
Total bs. One fear factor after another. Nonsense. Extinct this, extinct that. God has it under control. Now that that's settled, when are the Raiders gonna be good again?😊
THANK GOD!!!
CBS THE SKY IS FALLING PLEASE PEOPLE FIND A BETER WAY OF  SPENDING YOU PRECIOUS TIME THERE FAKES THERE MARXIST
He means DRAGONS. Since in 1841 the word Dinosaurs.
Bill Gates and Dr. Fauci seems to think they can control our population and that's no secret at all. Then there is Operation Mockingbird trying to make us think differently
Can't they ban having kids for a year? Just a year?
When a population arises after we're gone, they're going to find what we left behind and say, WTF?
So more Catholic services are dying? Whoa!
It’s called….live stock.
Success in the West dosent matter Squat if China and India don't adopt it.
We are far from over populated.. fact .. ask Elon
Eat veg save earth
Everyone likes to beat their gums (mostly politicians), but no one wants change things. Humans have got to be the worst virus to hit the planet earth.
The entire world population can be put into alaska,  each person would get a sixteenth of an acre. This is nothing but More fear mongering from the mainstream media.
Doomed... We're all Doomed!!!
what if these 'so called' experts dont know what they're talking about? do we have to accept EVERYTHING they say?
Fake News.
Climate change is how we started civilization. Literally nothing crop wise grows in cold weather. How does this basic 3rd grade knowledge on basic plant life escape so many people?
Trust the science they say.
Usa payfknpqr
These climate change activist are so concerned about man made atmosphere changes that they fly separately on huge air craft which one plain alone puts out more carbondyoxide in one day than trains home heating and cars driven for 3 entire yrs, plus they lay claim the ice caps are melting etc; and it concerns them so greatly that they each buy multi million dollar homes right on the beach.     Other words all the things they do if climate change is what they claim it to be they are the  worst criminal of all time according they're own testimony of climate change.   From the mid 1920's these activist claimed the world was going go into a mini freeze in the next 5 or so yrs after over 30 yrs of being entirely wrong about everything they claimed they switched from global freezing to, "if we don't act suddenly and give them the money needed to make said changes the world is going burn up and every living thing on it will suffer and burn".   These same so called climate activist were CAUGHT "BUSTED" changing the data and altering "re-auditing"  weather records of the past.  Around 3 to 5 yrs later after being embarrassed badly for lying about the climate records etc they hoped we'd forgotten how all they're claims turned out to be purely false they change the name from "Global Warming" to something they knew no one can deny "Climate Change" for the climate changes from minute to minute and thus it as done sense the beginning of time itself.          If you still believe the "BIG LIE" ask yourself this question, who caused cause someone had to be blame about all the weather cartastrufee's in the past you know before man was around to be even capable of causing these disasters.    Before you condemn me about my misspelling and call me stupid for it, ask yourself if misspellings words makes the message a lie.
grizzly bears have been extinct since 1920
Again? If this is a crisis no bank would give a mortgage for any real estate on any coast.
Is there a movie about this? I think it would hit home for a more mass of people if there was a movie put out.
1968….2023 will we ever learn 😢
I seen a dog in my street, i turned around, when i looked back, it was gone. Also, last week, i seen 4 birds in the tree in my backyard, but alas, they are not there anymore. People, certain animals have been going extinct forever. Salmon is thriving in other parts of the world, so i dont think you can say, its over
Why do we feel emotionally attached???  We have and continue to decimate all life and all lands.  We have lost all  connection to what may be the only planet in our galaxy to host life.  In a mere 400 years.  They had us pour Lead in our gas which the effects are still felt today.  You cannot pin down every human being.  Though that's exactly what 9/11 did.  Here's a free phone...it's great now we can watch/listen to u anytime we want.  Bad trade off.  Cameras on every corner!   In suburbs not even city's.  Who is watching those watching us and who is in charge of their decisions?  Home of the free, ehh sure doesn't feel that way.
Why can’t builders just learn to adapt with nature than just destroy it to put up stupid condos
Soylent green
Drive around the Adirondacks, youll see mc ds and twiated ts all over the roads. People are trash
Tired of hearing the problems with out hearing the truth about what it really takes to stop this decline. Covid 19 was partially the way "nature" was going to help but science is fast now and it probably saved over 1billion people.
That's humanity's fault
Trilliums used to bloom everywhere in the spring. We used laugh and say trillions of Trilliums. They grew wild  along side country roads in this part of rual  Midwest WI up into the 1990s. They are nowhere to be seen.
As they sit on plastic chairs.......
All the construction! Destroying land and watersheds. NORTH AMERICA is our continent's problem.
Why doesn't anyone acknowledge the real elephant in the room, which is exponential population growth? Africa being the worst culprit.
And we're looking to colonize Mars. remember the movie Independence Day? Where aliens came to take all resources and decimate the planet? We are those aliens and in the midst of that same decimation.     Just Sayin'.
There’s no love in the world towards anything
Most people on earth are unaware , don’t believe or just don’t care about this .the UN has always been useless …glad I’m old and won’t be around to see the end
Wow
"Minks"?  And she's supposed to be a biologist?
We have nobody to blame but ourselves. Yes, everybody. We are killing ourselves. And not enough people care. We deserve everything that happens to us. The only time we actually care is when our way life is in jeopardy
The main cause: insecticides ! Economy first 🤡
...did anyone think its meant to happen? 7.9 billion humans is too much
Make Earth Cool Again
Just read the Bible it tells you what’s gonna be like at the end and be done with it
And the world gonna shake from the weight of the human race!  c.1972, me. Age 12? Go figure......
Woman and kids first ? 😂 only kids should be saved
Cover the Biden WhatsApp scandal, where Hunter Biden is coercing Chinese officials for money owed, proving Biden was involved.
Some species will survive. Nature's finds a way.
Propaganda for depopulation. Making us ok with our own termination.
Heartbreaking !!
There's plenty of room and food just too many greedy people
What a Priceless Inspirational and Noble👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼
👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼👏🏼Extremely Informative! +Reality Checks..👏🏼👏🏼we’re running out of time for next generations..,otherwise,Extinctions!!!👏🏼💎
Nah i trust God he is in control
Proof that the "the world wildlife fund" scientific study was fear mongering propaganda. Now, that would be worth at least 60 mins diving into all the folks who peddled that "study". who supported it then? who paid for it? etc etc but no... MSM just recycling the bs. they are not to be trusted. AND I doubt in this whole hour, they will never mention they Chinese fisherman illegally raping the ocean of countless sea life in international waters
The old too many people theory! Certainly is not population growth that causes any problems. It's just another scare mongers theory.
last mass extinction were dinosaur?? totally false, because since ice age, we had +140meters of sea level and global temperature rising killing mamouth tooth saber tiger etc... and it was really not old less than 14.000years ago.... so yes climate can change quickly, and what happen now is actually small... YET the mass carbon in atmosphere lead to acidification of ocean, that could in few decade lead to mass extinction of plancton and fish in the sea, i think the real danger of mass extinction is rather into ocean than on earth...and if we look when it happened last time it was 56millions years ago during paleocene/eocene crisis (an it was after dinosaur ezxtinction) and it was more bad than today since oxygen drop to 6% in air and ocean were acid, and it needed at least 10.000years for mass forest all over world dying and fossilizing without big animal for eat it for recuperate a good oxygen level, in fact its during this crysis (linked to volcanic extraordinary activites) that all coal and petrol were produced.
People like Dana Wilson are the problem - period
Humanity is sustainable; it is our hydrocarbon energy regime that is not. Pluvicopia taps the energy in the water cycle, which is 5000 times larger than all humanities use, even with its 70% waste. Producing energy with Pluvicopia also produces unlimited freshwater, doubling the arable land on the planet, thus releasing lands with rich biodiversity back to nature. The book Pluvicopia explains the theory and how civilization is sustainable and expandable to other planets.
its the human population messing up the fishing alright! what does he have on there about 65 70 nets?hes raping the waterways with nets but its everyone else's fault but his right?
The Earth has its own cleaning system. What is happening is it is in the process of self cleaning. How does it self clean you ask? It changes its seasons. In the mix of it changing it's seasons it shocks the earth.   What do I mean when I say the Earth is changing it's seasons?  It's sort of like this, we have 4 seasons and the 4 seasons come at their appointed time.  Well when the Earth starts it's cleaning process it resets the  appointed time of the 4 seasons. Meaning as an example, Fall will become spring, spring will become winter, winter will become summer, summer will become fall. Meaning that the seasons change their set times. Since the Earth is use to a set time of the Seasons the Earth reacts accordingly. It reacts as in comfort but when it goes through  a set time season change the Earth goes into shock( sort of like panic mode) until the set seasons have completed their full cycle and the Earth re-adapts to the new set seasons. This is How the Earth continues to renew itself and or cleans itself up.
The people who rule this world is against life. Seriously, in the last 150 or so they have managed to pollute and wholesale destroy our ecosystems all in the context of their greed and gain.
During the 1960s a plan was developed called zero population. The minorities thought that they were being targeted and stopped it.
Fixing the stock market would help to fix the environment. Medicare costs. The list goes on. Am I wrong? Even the economy. The stock market is cool tho.
Birth control people
And getting the jab has nothing to do with it, does it?
The Attorney General offers the Biden crime family. A deal they cannot refuse. .Exchange the charges against the Bidens with Trump's.. The fabricated charges against Trump can result in complete exoneratiion for the Bidens. And the awesome charges against the Bidens. Will jail Trump immediately
Anyone who trusts our government or any political leaders!!Good luck with that 😂
what you expect if you farm all the wild game? we do have ways to make fish buy farming it not from the wild so much  better for everything involved especially the enviroment.
Imagine catching $230M annually in fish and expecting it to last forever...
Stop cutting the damn trees
Humans are quick to title certain species a pest but humans destroy more habitats then any other, can’t blame any animal for the state the planet is in except people. Humans have pushed most species into extinction or close to it, once humans realize they are the cancer on the globe maybe they can survive but with the damage already done science is clear that it’s already to late
We are here to help  and course the next and last phase
Why the world government is admitting to aliens as a cover up for the taking up or the rapture . Aliens absolutely exist but humans and aliens  are trying to prevent or alter the future of the Bible. This doesn’t work as well as they plan so it forces nuke war  depopulation and restricted communication so people forget and don’t over run now. While the 1 percent and officials reside in self sustainable underground metropolitans  to ride out the storm .  Leaving population so desperate martial law and clean water and food is a blessing g in comparison. Religion, sports, celebrities, government will be non existent.   Basically a combination of  the movie equilibrium, Elysium, Constantine tossed with book of revaluations. AI in every house  freedom to do nothing but obey  take medication to control under officials corporations of 3 that are all aligned. Under a unified world  through global currency   Health care banking markets will prohibit unless under the iron fist  of control read only books of history with one world agenda. This has started but won’t take effect till niburu the 9th planet or blue star, with race of aninoki aka Christianity beings, god if you will  removes the elected . Very shortly after the planet will be radioactive dust  with can’t take place at all until the rapture. Mathematically  and base off the calendar is wrong  and days shorten and time which doesn’t exist but that’s new matter. This will happen by September 2025  most likely not before September 2024  the supernova will create a second sun and block out 1/3 of light  nuclear winter along with supernova and wormwood will play a role as well.  But man kind will exist for 1000-1012 more years before earth is baked and pulled apart from the gravity of the blue star off set orbit.  9th planet. SETI and world gov knows this  time travel can’t change events but can alter in if significant ways  this is truth .
Started with the megafauna
His generation is the end of it due to HIM! Overfishing BY HUMANS! Like, w supposed to feel bad for him? 🤣
Only solution is depopulation and confusion to cover up
Club of Rome prediction is ending sooner because they calculated the situation by taking a 70ties familie situation . It was even worse the last 50 years than they forecasted
Well that’s depressing. I try to save/count monarchs here at my butterfly waystation. Last year I was counting caterpillars. This year I was thrilled to just see 3 monarchs, none of which stopped to lay eggs. Its heartbreaking. And every day, I watch as farmers mow down the native wildflowers from the side of the roads. For “safety” they claim. Tell me about safety when you have zero pollinators. You’ll starve.
It’ll be a great day for the Earth once our dead-end species is wiped out.
I see many people saying they hope for stuff to change, and it starts with ourselves we can’t assume the person next to us to do our lifting first.
Why don't we just create a virus that kills off a percentage of the population?
If everyone makes an effort to preserve the planet it would work.  The governments need to pay farmers to use natural ways.
We need to do better as a species no doubt.
LIES
Prayers won't work 😢
As the climate heads into greater extremes globally, how can we best deal with future climate crises?  The short answer is that we cannot deal with them unless we take care of nature's inner balance. We live in a tightly-closed and interdependent system in which everything boomerangs back to us. While living in such a system, we need to reconsider what we want and think, and how we treat each other, because our human connections are the primary influence on how nature responds to us. It is common to think that climate is dependent on factors outside of us—whether it be balances between heat and cold in the environment, or the effects of various kinds of pollution we emit—because we lack a complete picture of how our attitudes to each other bring about the strongest responses from nature toward us. No creature distorts nature the way that we people do. And it is not simply a matter of switching to renewable energy sources, electric cars and the like; it is a matter of how we relate to each other. If we truly wish to witness more balance throughout nature and not have to deal with all kinds of cold waves and other natural disasters, then similarly to how we have electricity, water and gas meters in our homes, we should also have meters that count how much evil we emit into the world from our negative attitudes to each other. What I mean is that if we could feel the extent to which we emit negative forces into the world, which negatively ricochet back to us, then we would wish to change this negative driver within us. We would want to switch it to a drive that makes our human connections positive, and which harmonizes us with nature. In simple terms, when we get up in the morning, we should first and foremost consider what we need to do in order for all people to have it good. Developing such an attitude is not so simple, yet we will need to seriously work on it as we head into the future. A life of increasing blows from nature or a life of peace and harmony depends on the extent to which we impact a shift in our attitudes to each other—from negative to positive.
I’m sorry but if you’re complaining about too many ppl then…. 😵🔫
It is not true. Scientist are too shallow and they are shameless when they are wrong.
this does not make sense. elon musk says there is a population decline and reproduciton rate in humans is decllining,
Human has already died. We are a data point for AI use
These clowns are just lying about the population growing being a problem. 60 mins is pure propaganda anymore
2032 is a bad year.
Reforest the coastline to forty miles inland.
8 billion overpopulation is real. It's nolonger smart to have children.
Yeah, Everyone and their grandmother should be reforesting the coastline.
Why would we listen to a guy that was wrong on ninety percent of his predictions.
God Bless those that are protecting and preserving the world.
Jehovah God and Jesus Christ will be the saviors by reversing global warming and eliminating wickedness when they bring judgement day to the earth. Did you know once wickedness is gone they're going to make earth a paradise. Sin will be gone, death will be gone as righteous men will worship Jehovah God forever and won't die. That's a prediction in the Bible. The rapture is never mentioned and actually a false doctorine.
This is why the world needs another war and it looks like we will get it.
after the whole BBC i dont trust anyone that speaks perfect english.
Ggs
Lol
Thanks a lot 250 years of industrialization!! Your revolution really built a better tomorrow 😒
It's a known problem. Can't say 😅 we are getting better. Haven't heard the best ideas just how to take away money from people's homes basically. Not true ideas that are fair and intelligent.
The main problem are the insects which we continue to extinct in large numbers.Insects are the food base for every living being.
Exactly.It's always astonishing when defenders say that we have so much space left for humans.Which is true- but to the costs of living space for Wildlife...
Not just in East Africa - everywhere.
Paul Ehrlich was right in the 60s and he's right now.  'The Population Bomb"  has been my guide to interpreting my surroundings since then. AAt this very oment we are immersed in mass population movements here in East Africa and all the other stuff the Ehrlich predicted.
Have you noticed Dutchsinse and his predictions for earthquakes? It's amazing...based on his model , my 12 year old can predict earthquakes just like the professionals. What's amazing is how he describes the media having an active role in holding back the truth about these earthquakes and weather or fake climate changes.  How much of it is true doesn't matter anymore. We can now clearly see and hear the lies and cheap versions of journalism published...very sad indeed
Well maybe if the US would stop paying the world to have 10 kids a piece , we would have plenty for all… But we don’t
This is absolutely hilarious
The city dwellers in this comment section have never really been in nature.  Even when they go camping a electric outlet is near by. 😂😂😂😜😜😜🐒🐒🐒😎😎😎
I see lots of birds I'm a bird watcher. 🙋‍♂️🙋‍♂️🙋‍♂️🤔🤔🤔😜😜😜🐒🐒🐒😎😎😎
Just had samon seems abundant and reasonably priced. Guess I'm imaging it. 🤔🤔🤔😜😜😜🐒🐒🐒😎😎😎
It’s only globalists who push the earth is too crowed bs
hahahah.  explain national parks.
8 billion people isn't the problem.   The CURERENT STATE OF THE WORLD IS A DIRECT REFLECTION OF CORPERATE GREED!
The problem is laissez-faire capitalism. Period.
It’s called the military industrial complex and all there stolen back engineered black projects and Teslas  Stolen papers after they ruined him.  And we can’t leave out all the cryptids  They created and released in the national forests. And now we have a space force,  wonder what other worlds they’ve been. Mean while Biden bringing down the good old USA. FTW
hide and watch ,,,,,there is a new order on the horizon
Something needs to be done. Large corporations need to farm salmon, and oranges indoors. Animals that aren't going to make it, need to go into captivity.
The WWF serves no purpose. Extinction happens. Billions of humans live in poverty and are starving. Large western conglomerates are destroying the planet via fossil fuel extraction so if we want to solve the extinction crisis deal with the source of the issue. You only need to see the list of major so called philanthropists who donate to WWF and all these other nature loving politically motivated groups to see that its a scam. How can people who want to be involved in philanthropy reap the rewards of their wealth from companies that destroy the planet.
Anyone interested in this mass extinction event past and still to come should read graham hancocks books.
"On a scale since the dinosaurs"  Guy needs to google "the younger dryas"
We could ask the government to do something but they would just ask for more money to steal from us and do everything but good with it. Our problems are at the top.
This a could be fixed.  But someone doesn't want to relinquish there power.   Dr steven greer and zero point energy.
My Grandfather moved here since he was 13 years old from Mexico, and we had never experienced such rain like this past December 2022 - January 2023. 😢 Everything is so strange but it says in the book of Revelation what was going to happen..  I am a hundred percent sure this is our last Generation and if not, that We are living in the book of Revelation. ❤...  God Bless Us All.
The NW Tribes have been fishing the Salish Sea for thousands years, not hundreds…
The whole world is set up to show consequences for doing wrong. All have sinned and fallen short of the glory of God. ( And His perfect standard ) We all must be willing to turn from sin and believe and follow Jesus for forgiveness. 1st John 2:17 He who does the will of God abides for eternity. That’s letting Jesus live His life in and through us His children, by knowing and obeying the Word of God !!! ❤️📖nkjv🙏🧎🏻‍♂️🕊🇺🇸🕊
Zero point technology will solve this problem within 5 years. Corporations have been actively hiding this technology from the public for decades.
Don't worry, be happy.  Yeshua Hamashiac is soon to return.  Keep looking up saints!  👑
Bs propaganda
Thanks for the good news 🎆
Really!? There isn't any new news here. Man is destroying the planet.
Just in the past 10 years I’ve seen the 14 freeway near my house in the LA desert suburbs go from absolute zero traffic to absolute gridlock.  Population is growing way too fast.
I dnt believe it, we dnt know the true size of this planet, how can we with so much CGI and NASA lying to the world.
🌞?🌞🌞🌞🌞🪟🏥 Philadelphia USA 🇺🇲😂🫁🧠🕯️🕯️🕯️🙏🙏🙏☦️📿🪞🪞🪞👀🌍
Maybe he should have fished less before so we have more now!?   Don’t be ver fish for wealth and this doesn’t happen!
How does this guy sleep at night with such lie’s?  We aren’t over populated, we are underpopulated!!!  It’s just that people go to the same place!
Liars, always spreading lies and fear.
Never mind. Hopefully A.I will be there to fill our boots. 🤞
And who is the destroyer?
Are we doing any journalism on the corporatist agenda to exploit it all or not yet??  ..or will you ever??
Fake news fear mongers
🌌
Thanks for dragging your feet politicians!  We might not be able to stop global warming, but we damn sure could take the necessary steps to protect ourselves from it in most every way.   We’re seriously looking at a time where peoples survival in 50-100 years is totally questionable.   Yet we also still have families having four and five kids like it’s no issue at all.
Dont worry they are killing us off with innoculations ,so roll up your sleeves and save the Earth LOL
Capitalisms fault.
The Bible predicted it when God said he would remove a third of the fish of the sea…..U.S.says we lost 69% !!!😮
Even so come LORD JESUS 🩸☝️🙏✝️🗡👑
Nature has a way we may not like it but it will happen
It’s commercial over fishing…
4oh sure!  Get a lufr!
The California Gold Rush was the main reason the California Grizzly went extinct. Killed them off by 1922. It wasn’t recent.
We have to star taking care of mother earth . Grow or own food
This aged well. Cali and Nevada have the highest water levels in history, the least wildfires since 1967.
If the current  mass extinction is caused by human activity, then there is ONLY solution: CONTRACEPTION.     Stress R Us
It's kinda like the show Lost. Push the button and how long will it last?? At this pace
If the world is going through another change there’s nothing we can do to stop it. The earth used to be a hot humid place then we turned into ice ball Mother Nature will get rid of us before we destroy it. In short you can’t stop the inevitable.
Bats are almost completely gone in all of East coast US
God has a purpose for humanity. The bible say, he wants to grow, multiply and fill the earth. Scientists focus too much on the history of our planet, and not on biblical facts.
Well, the human existence, is one that doesn't live with nature...... It's not a natural existence....
Lies the earth had more people on it 100 years ago population gas only been going down !
Don’t chop trees down.  Just use the leaves that falls…Jesus says.
The LORD has dated the end. He told us from the beginning, the end of the world. The earth is cursed. The Lord is magnifical, wonderful, merciful, loving, jealous, and our Creator. It is the spirit that quickeneth, not the flesh. Look to the heavens when you see the signs, and the earth to see His wonders. Glorify God, not mankind's lies. Oh, God did say to multiply,  and mankind kills the unborn, starts wars, and destroyed the earth by digging up fuels instead of tilling the ground for food for all. Animals are extinct because of mankind's toxic pollution, not overpopulation. Misinformation has been generated by mankind. I think the bandwagon is overflowing with these alarmists who instill fear. With God he is our peace, not mankind. Learn from God, He will tell you the truth.
Save our home planet..it's really the only thing we have..We can do this.. Animals we love are what make our sanity possible
Yeah Elon Musk is wrong and the Earth really is thriving. LIES LIES LIES! Watch these rich people use their private jets. ESG will save us!
The crisis is human greed! Cutting down the rainforest and trees all over the world!  PLASTICS CAN BE MADE TO DISINTEGRATE THEY JUST DON'T USE THE MATERIAL??????? WHY???
Thats not true. We have lotsbof land
🎉Revelation 8:9 KJV: And the third part of the creatures which were in the sea, and had life, died; and the third part of the ships were destroyed🎉
This was general knowledge 20 years ago.
this means mass extinction is overrated.
Globalist PROPAGANDA
YeH no
there is so much land that has been siezed by governments that is why they talk this bs ...they don't want anyone to own land ...but the government is not supposed to own land ...these fake news sites are your enemy ...
There are a certain group of Americans who are responsible for the demise of our way of life in the US. They are the #1 l killers of all forms of life.
Bioweapon. We all know now. This is subversion
And there's aliens up there, and i get a notification of a different comet headed towards earth every day, and forest fires and snow and cows farting and the russians are coming again, duck under a table and cover yourself with a white blanket, and RFK jnr is giving dangerous conspiracy speeches and Trump is about to get off the trumped up charges and the BBC are threatened with real news.  It truly is the end of the world.  Maybe we should stop listening to the oligarks and mass murderers and live long, loving safe clean lives without their help.
Electric car are horrible on the environment the said 30 electric trucks need more electricity than the whole plant that their built at not to mention all the mining associated with battery rubber metal plastic they are horrible.
False in so many ways but I’m down for a reduction in population, let’s start with liberals
I have more honeybees in my backyard now than I've had in the last three years. I think it has to do with the growing number of trans activists in my county.... Guess what, the earth has cycles. Things change. Most of humanity will not survive the next change. Get over it.
Also i have seen ignorant people cut down every tree on their property just because they dont want sap on their car or leaves in their gutters lazy people dont care for nature
Around were i live in Central indiana we have foxes otters deer bumblebees rabbits racoons coyotes all sorts of wild life no problems here except for all the greedy farmers who tear down every fence row and wood lot to make way for more farm land back in the day farmers left alot of trees for shade and fence rows and wood lots for animals but nowadays farmers get greedy they want the most out of their land and they are willing to destroy every tree bush and animal in their way to get it
Humans deserve whatever we get.
Take a look at sports fishing allocations compared to comercial. Sports fishing take 85% of the salmon while commercial take fifteen percent if that. The greatest bs story about salmon is that they are dispearing. I am a commerial fisherman from washington and alaska. They let sporsta fishermen destroy the population because they get big money from each sports fisherman. Talk with Kent and Irene Martin if you want the truth
Blah blah blah.. we don't believe you
wish I could sound even a little positive ... but its too late already ...  to many feedback loops ...
We will all live free at the end of biodiversity. Or we implement a hitleresque solution at the hands of insano democrats. The people that want the solution to this are the same ones that believe they’re the chosen ones.
Overfishing. Nothing to do with climate change. Look in the mirror.
Too many people! That is the problem. More people more problems.
Someone please tell all the deer, foxes, coyote- red wolf hybrids - oh and the one black bear eating out of a KFC dumpster in my town - that they are going extinct?
There is not enough people in the world that will give up the lifestyle that they are accustomed to. too little too late. The Earth is doomed.
Obviously we need to control the human population. Animals are becoming extinct over human greed, we don't need to eat everything that moves, we raise domesticated animals for food. Parents and teachers should teach their children that they don't have to have children, the government should offer free sterilization to everyone, my children don't want to have children because  the world is over populated and in turmoil.
Democrats scaring people, imagine that, nobody with a brain believes 60 min anymore, no credibility!  Trump won
The problem is we need more wars if we had more wars we would have less Hillman.
Its quite interesting when you see millions of illegal immigrants who flood America each year because it is so poor and lack of economic opportunity, yet they refuse to use any birth control because the Pope says its bad.
Well, C19 took care of a small percentage.
Alaska Willow Project is the end of BEAUTY  Say goodbye to the last chance of natural beauty
Whites
Get a nice big bag of pollinator plant seeds at your local hardware or garden store. Not the little seed packs, thats expensive, You can get a 2lb bulk bag of seed pre-mixed with fertilizer for about $12. Throw them in your yard and help bring back bees, butterflies, and  hummingbirds to your area
the same scientists who told us that covid just happened and that we all needed vaccines to survive it?  😅
Well the bible say the earth is groanin under the wwweight and that mankind did to the earth it it is mans doing we change the law of nature so this is what we get what we sow food will soon be a thing of the past water is no good let us pray folks only the creator can fix bacb things 😢😮
So there's been 5th mass extinction and did not cause by humans. So it's inevitably cycle process of life on earth.
I see plenty of land uninhabited by people. Learn to live with the wildlife. Who is the only race that kills every thing on the planet earth just for a picture
We need to unleash another pandemic and a world war to bring balance into population.
So we all suffer by cutting back while the elite reap everything and live in luxury.Its ok for them but not for us.This is all a lie put out by the powers that be.
Overpopulated maybe?  Suspiciously,grossly and purposely mismanaged?  You bet!
I am absolutely sure that mother nature is the greatest destroyer. We are within her and we have become ungrateful. God will/nature will eradicate whatever it desires.   Im okay with goin. Its a terrible thing and no one fights. No one stops working. No one leans on community in america. It is disgusting and infuriating.  I am 26 and gardening, home making, 😘 ng my neighbors, im fighting back.
Capitalism is destroying the planet and its people. It only cares about profits and shareholder value. It's unsustainable and literally killing us. 🔥 🌎🔥
Disclosure Project. Wash DC Press Club. June 12, 2023. Dr. Steven Greer. 700 first hand witnesses & 5 terabytes of still classified top secret documents. Movie-The Lost Century, July 2023. 80 years ago to today unlimited tax dollars funneled into secret unacknowledged special access programs. Without ANY OVERSIGHT this produced a CRIMINAL breakaway military/corp/cabal which acknowledges no civil laws, no governments, no constitution. Amassing technology 2,500 years beyond human imagination this CRIMINAL MAFIOSO has obtained and is withholding the tax payer funded tech. which can solve all of the world's energy needs and so much more. Time to see it for what it is worth. Movie-The Lost Century, July 2023.
There wasn't any dinosaurs
What caused the first five extinction?
They were predicted to be caused by a new medical practice.
Mankind's calculations doesn't include what the holy Bible says about what's to come.
The earth already produces enough food and water for mankind to live forever. It is Man that is causing the problem and he will not fulfil what he is doing it will be stopped accordingly.
The American government is killing this planet.😢😢😢😢😢😢
Ehrlich has been wrong throughout his life. I'm amazed anybody listens to him. Fancy another wager, Ehrlich?
I remember as a child, seeing billboards, saying,  Better living through modern chemistry!!!!  The beginning of box foods and canned goods!
What a joke trying to scare people with a liberal left wing organization the world wildlife fund😊
Another Applied Behavioral segment, over population  is the view of evil super rich Barron's of the world who been engaged I'm sinful acts for generations. These evil barons know technology is exposing them and they are in fear of loosing control and grip on humanity.   Honor narrates a different reality that could come to pass.
Hard for anyone to do anything when china is pumping out more pollution than all other nations on earth combined. Over 70% of deep groundwater is polluted to the point you can't boil it. A woman sharing stories about whole villages dying of cancer and showing how few non polluted sky days they had was silenced and hasn't been heard from since. All of our efforts are futile while that toxic nation continues on its path. They are building more coal plants and spray painting trees, bushes, and dry pathes of land green to make it appear as if there is no problem. End times are here.
So untrue!  There is so much open space don't believe this BS
Last night I saw, a previously recorded video, of a person showing through very selective data that the whole Climate Crisis thing is a scam. After doing some research that video was sponsored by Exxon/Mobil.
"Today humans have taken up 70% of land" ??? Excuse me, are you absolutely serious??  Are we looking at the same map!??!!
I wish the amount of insects would decrease just a bit. Because my God do I have to clean my car a lot, those damn insects are everywhere. I can't even open my car door for two seconds without getting at least a couple of bugs inside the cabin.
Nah I remember catapillar nest all over the trees in the past, i never see them anymore now.
its june 2023/ in surrey its winter in the morning and by midday summer
Technology is the double edged sword here….we evolved to be able to just suck the fish out of the seas and pluck the trees out of the forest like they were weeds in our gardens😔…such a major bummer🌎💙☀️
And we are next as soon as AI can replicate itself. Might be the best thing for the planet. There are just too many of us.
God is good
This is not news to me. I have been saying we need to get closer to nature instead of what we do now. if not we are gonna be the death of this planet
I know the fishing has never been as good as it was in the 1980's.
This is crazy, we can do better people!!!
Maybe over fishing should have been regulated much earlier than it was.
Someday we will be wiped out like the plague we are!
If this is true the reporter would be giving his life away
I already know that i don't want my kid to be born in a world nearing an extinction event.
In my part of the world companies burn the wetlands to sell as real estate. There used to be dragonflies that flew in flocks of hundreds thier wings would glitter in the last rays of sunlight, they were a beautiful sight to see. And lightning bugs used to stick to my sliding glass door, their little tails glowing brightly. The last time I saw any of this was nearly three years ago. Today there are no dragonflies, no lightning bugs. The wildlife on the wetlands have been burned out, snakes, river otters, capybaras only exsist as  charred remains. Drought is man made here and the  weather patterns in this microclimate are directly effected by the fires. The thunderstorms used to come like clock work, they are gone, the city has broken heat records three years in a row, this year being the worst with 9 heat waves all averaging daily temps over 100. Climate change and the human induced 6th extinction is very real, and people are choosing to ignore it. Choosing to live in thier secure little bubbles until directly effect them and it is too late.
Fear peddling
He talks like he’s GOD. Nope sorry mate
Human is the biggest problem of dying planet. AI will make that decision of human extinctions. You have to terminate some human species to save the planet or humanity will self destruct. It’s all about consumption for profit.
When did this air?
Climate change is a scam! During the Jurassic period, the CO2 levels were 5 times higher than now, and we had lush plant life and huge animals. Before the industrial age, CO2 levels were only .01 PPM away from plants dying, now with higher CO2 levels, the earth has greened up 15%, even the  Sahara has shrunk! Also, in the past 60 years, the greenies' elites has gone from global cooling, global warming, and now climate change. Every 10 years they predict end of the world scenarios of catastrophic proportions. That never happen!Climate change was made up for elites to gain more money and power!!!
There will never be too much space for humans when large areas are unpopulated we need to expand life sustainable sections
Such bologna!!
The planet is bigger than you think. Ever been on a plane and noticed how so much land doesn't have humans stinking it up? Its all about control of the population.
About the same time they started spraying the skies and fumigating everyone and everything
Cool
The problem is not humanity it’s that artificial human known as the Temahu. That creature has caused all the problems and when he speaks about the problem, it’s as though some aliens came from Mars to destroy the planet.   Anyways Goddess Tara will cleanse the earth of this diabolical pest.  Right now this creature has a very low birth rate. Below Replacement!!   Very soon we will have our planet back. I believe in 2025 we will also have a fireworks show that will clean out these cockroaches 🪳 from our planet.   Kemite Priests, these Temehu were a bad invention.
Scientist are too smart but yet too dumbed.. leaders of this world are selfish and hypocrites.
We have plenty of resources for our current population, it's that those resources are hoarded by the few
chemicals destroying the world meds destroying people
The guy who mentioned about paying others not to cut down the forrwsts, has made a good reason to start a universal basic income sceme. Unfortunately we can all predict that such a system will be over controlling
Dude looks 65
Hmmm....wake up rise up.... The Rate of extinction has been at the hands of a few for past 100 years of corrupted analphabets politicians running our world and our life's to extinction as we know it the few playing Monopoly w the masses to keep their enslavement reign of the masses on the 21st century
Is not too many people is too much waste...
8 billions - w/o Alll the corrupt, pedophiles, human traffickers  of were to get rid of them all.would be 4 billion or less
Why is our government giving tax credits to people who have children. Maby they should be giving those credits to people who don't have children.
Thats why we need war
Circle of life and death. It’s happened as long as there has been life on this planet.
Really dude? What did you think would happen? You guys took the fish. Human greed. Mass consumption. The list is endless.
I'm a martyr a kidnapped victim those attacking me are I chose it all be public no matter who they are unlike the claim am & denied attacked in return I choose my existence be public if resolves all
Make all cars worldwide accelerate as they should  Not as the driver wishes   Let's face it  Basically 2 speed limits are needed  25 and 65 .have cars that efficiently accelerate  PROBLEM SOLVED , Ya may even be able to keep your extravagant PRIVATE JET PLANE  Mr News Man
You mean , the salmons that die after they mate ??? NATURALLY
🧢
NEVER again Will I curse the ground because of humans, even though every inclination of the human heart is evil from childhood. And NEVER again Will I destroy all living creatures, as I have DONE   “As long as the Earth Endures, seedtime and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night will NEVER cease.”  Sayeth The LORD Amen Genesis 8 Praise Be To GOD
The talking head on the tv knows all. Worship the talking head. Trust the science.
Unfortunately, the liars at 60 minutes have squandered their credibility with lies and democrat partisanship.   America can no longer place any trust in 60 Minutes,  .
Cabal puppet exterminating vegetables! Animals it is done by Elites agenda 2039
According to scientists means according to activists in the media
I'm an American who lives on $10 per day.
😊lost of water ???  Cami had a record rain this year
Don’t worry more viruses 🦠 are gonna take us out
Thats a lie!
Growth mania is the problem not humans living on earth
We can definitely have more people on earth 🌍
Population control is full blast right now…
I'm Cold very Cold I wish  it was warmer 😅
Hogwash 😮
People who care can stop eating meat and dairy and sugar, discontinue the use of air conditioning and clothes dryers, drive less, plant a garden, don’t overeat,    quit smoking, quit drinking alcohol.
This is truly depressing… the worst part is most governments have made things so much harder, and could not care less about changing out planet for the better, that everything they do makes the world more distracted to what is REALLY important. Our way of life..  one person can’t change the world but all of us standing up will.
This is terrible… Thanos has a great point on overpopulation. So did the Chinese with limiting the number of children in a household.
We all need to change our ways live off the land not destroy it 😢
Thanos needs to snap his fingers
I welcome the earth to be a world where we take care of the planet and each other and the reward should be to use money to have fun, food and clothing ,Everything else should be free. We should not be using money to survive . There is no reason to have a vehicle/plane if provided the right education on alternatives to vehicles/planes that can easily do the same job.bye bye pollution. Earth is powerful and there is natural medicine that can cure anything but the people have to get educated. That simple . Forget countries and borders .we are all from earth and we all should move as one. who let people believe and think it was ok to have countries on this planet anyway ? bye bye wars. That simple.We move as one. I love everyone in this world called Earth . You are an Earthling.Facts .Does'nt that mean something to the world ?!. I'm happy I can use my girls account to share some earthling love and wisdom. The world needs to change now .Big Peace
Great pyramid an electromagnetic resonance ossilator with moon and core...rishat structure sends hurricanes to   the grand canyon...
Thanos was the hero we needed.
Wow Gerardo Ceballos is a hero
Thanks capitalism
its the so called experts controlling us that have caused this. wake up people
Those who have faith in the Word of God,  know that the Almighty said, "multiply and fill the earth" not overfill it! Very soon, at Armageddon all the wicked will be eliminated,  making room for the righteous, meek ones to inherit the earth and live forever upon it! Psalms 37:9-11; Psalms 37:29; Matthew 5:5; Proverbs 2:22! " God is not a mere man who tells lies, Nor a son of man who changes his mind. When he says something,  will he not do it? When he speaks, will he not carry it out? Numbers 23:19; Isaiah 55:11!
And these ignorant ppl keep fighting over things that will not matter!!
Funds allocation goes to things killing the planet. Fossil fuels nuclear power and covid19   NIH?   I'd inform them the only people deserving of institutions are the people who written signatures that given covid19 funding. For I have no mark written
On top of 1 $3m- 1megawatt wind turbine OR   857 10kw generators @$3500ea   7.07 per cost   The generator has a engine. It can be replaced with a generator motor and be self driving.  Generators motors have been around 30yrs longer than gas
Ohio River natural flowing force siphon to the west coast letting it fill the Colorado to cost effective. Within that pipeline can be hydro power plants in a (similar to irrigation) series and coal can keep mountains standing. And eliminate the spent rods in nuclear power.  This being a man made pipeline no fish to hurt.
My father when I was first born a logger. His a coal miner and I have solution to get back towards native American with technology
My uncle Bush hog 300 trees I had take root during a drought only 3 trees failing to get leaves
The mountain tunnel in Europe the water to fill it? If Tonga was a surface event Without the water we never have this interaction
The regeneration goes unseen because Fukushima
Regeneration to accommodations
Plus covid19 honga tonga low speculation of power. Says 1958 bomb tests in the pacific. @ -150 only causing a 3' wave that barely wet the whole beach.  Tonga was 700' below water surfaces/beach 10'+  that wash pass the beach.
My God… Look what we’ve been given, and we’ve thrown it all away! A planet perfectly suited to Humanity, billions of species of wildlife & plants entrusted to our care. An immense wealth of resources, that without Greed & Waste, could have sustained life indefinitely. Now the Rich who created this THROWAWAY LIFESTYLE, are looking for ways to escape, rather than try to SAVE our Earth! It could have been so different….
As long as companies and individuals remain incentivized to advantage themselves over others, humanity is certain to collapse.
No human ever gets closer to any horizon they've lived in their whole life they never get any closer or further away from any horizon they live in the center of infinity
They did it again man there it is when we look at a egg and we think of the embryo inside we never imagined the outside eggshells actually alive the outside eggshell would be God covering us with the embryo inside that's how it passes the thought from us inside to eat out there and does the 90° arc that we look at as Depth
Every human being walks around on the planet at the same time and none of them get any closer to the Horizon in front of them then they were the second before but they never get further away from the Horizon behind them either how do you think this magic is done other than God Almighty every single human at the same time walked her out that the animals too I forgot
The trigger to shift yourself to God is when you realize like a math problem at the start you're having is actually part of gods well it makes sense your mind to relax and when that happens your body will automatically relax afterwards and you'll shift directly to it you're already there it's like shifting from one foot to another you're basically turning the three dimensional box inside out but you're doing that out there on a piece of paper you're going to do this inside with your mind just by letting go just by realizing you don't have to do anything at all you don't have to do anything and you're mine will keep flowing
So the ocean goes to the horizon and goes over the edge and we never see it again that's infinity      So 360° around us we never noticed but the horizon would be infinity and we never get any closer to the one in front and we never noticed we never actually get further away from the one behind it so we stay in the center of infinity our whole life and never move      So when someone else walks up next to us and the plan is full of like what millions of people in every one of them stand in the center of infinity inside their reality but they're outside of you in the center of infinity something like the size of a black hole which is smaller than BB you see the dilemma     It's because our thought is inside God all mighty start and that's how that works and that's how telepathy works and if you watch the new transformer movie with the silver Porsche the guy turns in the multiple people and then he turns back into one that's the idea that was a Easter egg so when I explain this you all would understand it
As I stand at the ocean on the beach and watch the fish swim, and the birds and the seagulls chase the fish, I look out towards Horizon and I watch the ocean disappear into it and it occurs to me that I never see that ocean again and I never get closer to the horizon nor any of them, so I must be in the center of INFINITY and as I look down at the birds chasing the fish it occurs to me that inside of their mind they are also in the center of infinity and so are the rocks that they stand on in the water that they fish from how this works people I really don’t know other than God Almighty keeps all of us very close in the center of its mindBut it allows us to play out here we’re in the center but we’re all out here at the same time at the same moment at the same space and time as we look towards that coast and we watch the water disappear into infinity the night falls and we watch the stars come out and we glaze into Time past    Infinity and we watch from I guess you might call it after life towards the future of the lives we have yet to live.   The stars are past time and passed infinity that we live in right now at this moment with everything else around us but they too are part of God in the entire universe that we are touching and part of right now remember that   forever
More on FaceBook same name
Humans centered on the horizons 360° but outside of each others around the world our entire life makes absolutely no sense they would have to be off-center of the horizons that would work off-center they could be outside me off-center but to be set an on the horizons while I'm sitting on the horizon they need to be inside my thoughts and the only way that works is because God's inside my thoughts and gods inside their thoughts and that's how we see three dimensional when we close when I you should not have two positions two vantage points when you close one eye unless unless there's someone else inside your mind guess GUESS WHAT
Perhaps mankind must end.
We have until 2029 spring or summer
Scary
Don’t worry, if humanity goes extinct, the Earth will live on. The atmosphere will balance it’s self and wildlife will flourish once again in a few thousand years.
Only because they are genetically modifying everything that's the only reason! Species are declining only bc ppl are trying to play god
we do have bears in california
Now what are you going to do about it?
I used to see and hear bumblebees in my yard every spring without fail. The past several years, I haven't seen any. It's scary how rapid the decline is occuring
This is a lie. Humans will top off at 11 Billion and we will be fine.
According to Darwin we will just evolve, and turn into something else to survive.
#FJB
It will all be over before this ever happens people!!! Wake up!
We lived in a time of capitalism and humanity will be of the large palace.While the vast is made for farm,rance and fish.A world wide problem is a concern,thy has to be meant.
Hopefully this stifles all the "babies" promoters: Galloway, Musk, dotard truuhmp 🥴
Why do americans always say the World when referring to themselves??   "fed the world"  - You mean fed an amount of americans.  Talking about worldwide famine  "affecting America" - what a laugh!  Stop playing with the weather!
Complete utter nonsense!
WAKE UP!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I can't watch this. Yes, we need to take care of our planet. That's obvious. Just like your own home. But to say that animals and people are running out of places to live is ridiculous. The majority of land masses are completely unoccupied by people. I live in Pennsylvania. A relatively populated state. Going down the PA turnpike from Scranton to Philly, there's nothing but empty forest for 75% of it. The entire Earth is like this.
Animals and insects can be cloned but not the environment.
When Paul Earlich showed up I knew where this was going. This guy has been wrong more times than your average AL Gore😅
Crazy how none of the very intelligent people in this video seem to consider the fact that the only reason we waste this many resources is because our global economic system DEMANDS growth. Nor do they consider the fact that both a different way of production and consumption are possible.
😎😎😎 Even if this was true...WORSHIPING death...worship of Satan and LUCIFER IS NOT THE ANSWER....DON'T BE FOOLED
😎😎😎 Abd how about..Electromagnetic Psychotronics State Sponsored TERRORISM
WE'RE ALL GOING TO DIE! 😱
Climate change is b.s.
This is not true.  The earth, the sun, and all the planets are going through a 12K year cycle and pole shifts we have no control over what is happening and its not human made.  what you see is the elite buying shelters in the earth to preserve their lives and make it through the shift.  They cant save everyone and there is no reason to balance a budget or support an economy that will not make it through the next mass extinction.
If people think over population is causing the end of the world you are anti-human and should fix your end of the problem.
This is such BS.
I'm not even the least bit sad about this. The Earth will recover and be a better place without us. Maybe the survivors can build something better, but if not, so it goes.
It's called Deforestation... We need to replace what we cut down.
Thanks Democrats
Humanity, the number of humans on earth, is definitely sustainable. Over population is a myth. It’s the immorality and rampant love of money that is unsustainable.
I remember the wave after wave of birds migrating in the 60’s in California.  There are almost no birds this year.
This is correct the extension is on it's way God's way extinction of all evil hateful people we are living in some crucial times...get close to our father in heaven before it's to late we living in the end of times...💘🙏💘🙏💘🙏
Thanks Monsanto
They wasting money we wanna stop the problem humans are the problem too much technology is the problem
Humans are the only species capable of pollution the atmosphere that houses all life on this 🌎. Self-destructive would you say?
and nobody cares we are doomed. Boggles the mind
Most of the industrialized world is depopulating now.  By 2100 China alone is forecast to lose 46% of its population.
Leslie Stahl lied
There's also research that shows we will have a depleted population in 50 years. Stop scaring people for profit
Fear mongering......
60 minutes.....the source of fear...
What about the Coronavirus that got into White-Tailed Deer and Minks?  Common sense would say that other animals worldwide have caught the virus, and it would be mutating in them just like us.  Haven't heard a word about it since we learned this news.  And never thought I'd say this, but where did the Bees go?  They usually show up in spring to pollinate our Mesquite trees.
LET'S TAX EXISTENCE to fix it. Oh wait...
god must help us
Good. Humans have no place on earth in the first place.  Hope the process process quicker
The Georgia guidestones are correct
Listen to Stephen Hawking yes ship out of Earth to a other Earth
Wake up people…….
Take comfort in the end of a terribly suffering planet.  All of creation and humanity is in agony and is entering it's actively dying stage.
I don't believe the premise for a second
In 1981, William J. Cayce, CIA Director at the time, made this statement: "We'll know our disinformation program is complete when everything the American public believes is false.".
The ultra rich are the words perps.its money money money and the corrupt politicians obey
Absolute horseshit. Scientists conduct their studies by receiving government grants. There is a lot of money to be made by creating hysteria about made-up dire predictions. "The alarm Erhlich sounded in '68 warned that overpopulation would trigger widespread famine." He was wrong about that, admits 60 Minutes.
in case you hadn't noticed, this is pure propaganda to make us hate each other, from the people who are ACTUALLY harming the environment, and have been for centuries.
The government needs to regulate human procreation.  No pregnancies without a licence.  The Earth cant take any more humans.
It would be great if CBS went extinct so we could get some real news.
This is nothing more than propaganda and fear. There was at least 1 near extinction that we know of for a fact. It's when God judged the earth because of sin. Only 8 people and the animals on the Ark came out of that one. The next for sure near extinction will be during the 7 year Tribulation , again because, God will be judging a sinful Christ rejecting planet and drawing His chosen people "The Jews" to the Messiah/Jesus!!!  2 Corinthians  6:2 (For he saith, I have heard thee in a time accepted, and in the day of salvation have I succoured thee: behold, now is the accepted time; behold, now is the day of salvation.) Acts  16:31 And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house.
The Americas have the best chance of survival the other side of the world not so much
We have just one planet, and it’s specially made to keep us alive, but all the systems that do are as though they are mechanisms in a watch, the more me take the closer we get to, times up.
My brains been saying the last few months, something bigger than we can imagine is coming. Before 9/11 I told friends, they're coming back, and I mentioned planes could hit them, but never imagined they would fall. I hope my thoughts are wrong, this time.
Just hearing who lead this research says enough. No need to listen to an agenda.
human parents are the sole perpetrators of the sixth mass extinction. each and every last parent needs to be held directly responsible and accountable. there is no amount of shame too harsh; there is no forgiveness for the unending cruelty they “unwittingly” (mindlessly) set in motion
Thanks for the good news.
No one’s gonna care until something big happens that affects everyone.
If every couple has just one child we can reduce the human population from 8 billion to 2 billion in just two generations.
SIMPLY BEAUTIFUL!!!
United States military needs to take over as much natural resources in the world as we can and hold it for our peoples
The United States should take over South America by force in particular the rainforest areas
Tropical rainforest create two-thirds of the world's oxygen America should have took it at the end of the Cold War
Do not Stacy's take over the tropical rainforest and protect it with the deadliest of force somebody cutting it or Barnett shoot them
This is all the fault of globalist and the World Trade Organization lifting up all those people out of poverty in China and the third world because now they want more meat they wants to live a better quality of life and the world can't sustain that that's only for Western people to have we got there first
Well how about we stop letting all these foreign countries fish our Waters how about we use the Navy to stop them that's what genre does that's what all the other countries do not America if we did that what it would be racist or something
The first world needs to stop giving the third and fourth world tons of free food because that's where our population has come from since the 70 that's when we started giving them all that free food
Just in six years  I notice a lot less bird species and the deer populations.    Deer herds of twenty are down to a couple of does with a fawn walking through the town. . 😢    PHSYCOPATH  Hunters Slaughtering wildlife populations more since ten years ago.      It's so typical of Narcissists.   They Don't care.         Ego & Greed has No conscience.  BALANCE MATTERS.
60 MINUTES OF LIES AND CORRUPT DEMOCRAT COVER UPS👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
Humanity is the only species that doesn't live in any type of harmony with nature as a whole. The Earth is telling us to leave.
Soylent Green will be our future food
i Guess CHINA was right when they ENFORCED  "ONE CHILD PER HOUSEHOLD ONLY"  thats all you can have,
Such an eye opening dilemma, yet most of us are too selfish to even care of the repercussions.
Let humanity eat what' they have plenty of, we can sacrifice not eating salmon until we have more than enough.
the first step is with us. Lets make a pact to stop buying from these companies that harm this planet
I live in NM. There are more vacant lands than inhibited. Fly from NM to CA,lots of vanant land. I just can't see overpopulated.
Jaguars are a threat to those farmers.  We don't need large predators where we live.
If the Liberals all go first, humanity will be saved!!!!
Folks abused , killed and used up California, now they are all moving back here to the East coast to ruin our land too. 😢
Psalm 119:165 Great peace have they that love thy law, and nothing shall offend them.  God gave us his law because He wants to protect us and cares about us
The lumber business and agriculture is what has the biggest impact on the environment imo. Didn’t hear them mention anything about BASF, Bayer, Dow Agrosciences, DuPont, Monsanto, Syngenta, the decimation of our woodlands/rain forest, and many more that have a track record of being toxic to the core. Everyone screams fossil fuel when it’s actually the things they don’t want to talk about that causes the most harm. You want to do something good for Mother Earth? Plant a fkn tree.
Misleading statistics = lying with statistics. Listen carefully when he says, “if the science is right.” It’s not right, it’s a tool to wield power & influence. People gotta stop & look at the research on both sides. Don’t believe the activists. They won’t tell you or admit the information they got wrong. The icecaps are not melting, animals migrate, & our population is in decline. That’s not even half the info they’ve gotten wrong.
Humanities greed is not sustainable. But solution would be equal communist distribution of all products but that would suck too.
it's a crying shame and yet we still continue to cut down and destroy forrests at such a rate that there is no chance of turning the clock back, it's not our earth...it belongs to the a imal kingdom that was here first.
I don't know about this.  There are more wild animals in my part of the US that at any time in my 70 years?  I'm not saying I'm correct but I don't see the crisis in my part of the world.  Still I agree 8 billion people is 7 too many.
So are the people living in it.Ban illegal aliens from the US
Yelp and talking about that for 50 years.
Can you imagine if hit ler hadn't exterminated those millions of ppl what the world's population would be today
I pray this happens in our lifetime so we can all play a roll in rebuilding civilization. 💪🏽💪🏽🙏🏽
Too bad we were given 8 useless planets in our solar system. If one of them were habitable we could already begun to migrate to it. Bad luck I guess. We are doomed
Hey guys remember butterflies? I saw this yellow and black one fluttering around my dystopian apartment complex many months ago. It was beautiful.
Greed is about destroy everyone and everything really soon if people don’t change their way of living and thinking
People tend to only show concern when major events or personal circumstances affect them. As humans, we often prioritize our own interests and fail to extend the same level of care and concern to others. This raises the question: why is it so hard to care for others? Perhaps it's because there's no monetary reward for doing so. However, if we want to make the world a better place, we need to start caring more. Though it may be challenging, it's important to start taking action now. After all, if we don't start now, when will we?
Who cares anymore this world could use a reset
Nothing will change
Mother nature will shut everyone down
Everyone knows what's going on.  Too afraid and apathetic to do anything about it.
So they fished an area too much and make a whole hit piece to panic everyone and it's BS.
why is everyone around me so ignorant about this?? i feel like an alien just because i care about what’s happening in the world. people only think about tiktok. i’m 16 and i can’t live normally knowing this is happening but there’s nothing i can do about it
The Blind leading the Blind.
Don’t listen to this nonsense. We are not overpopulated. Watch Elon musk talk about it. The mass extinction is elite created not our fault. We are all self sustainable as a species. We are all capable of growing our own food and live on earth. This is nonsense.
Don’t listen to this nonsense. We are not overpopulated. Watch Elon musk talk about it. The mass extinction is elite created not our fault. We are all self sustainable as a species. We are all capable of growing our own food and live on earth. This is nonsense.
Been saying this for 20 years
Timothy II, Chapter 3.  There will be terrible times in the last days!
Climate "change" is the largest hoax in history.....EVER.
😢
The rich is why this is all happening. They have tigers in their back yards. Texas has tigers every where. We have coyotes everywhere now. They want new things. Leaving old buldings vacant and buliding new ones beside them
So if this is true then why are WEF elites deliberately eliminating farmland & ranchland?  Is it really about carrying capacity and management or is it about the wealthy & lower upper classes over-developing animal habitats for their profits & blaming everyone else?
BS.
These west coast liberal elite college professors and administrators are the same people responsible for the decline of Kalifornia, the rise in homelessness, the high cost of living, and the destruction of the middle class in Kalifornia. They cannot achieve their Marxist goals when a healthy middle class exists.
I can't feel sorry for ppl who can't get free salmon out of our rivers anymore. Want salmon? Grow some.😅. Your ancestors fished them out. Farm them now if you want them.😮😮😮
and they keep spraying,,chemtrails,
Video is 6 years old, only 2.7million views so far. So for the rest of the population it may take 18600 years. A song launch get 100 million views in a day.
Glow bugs have been extinct in the south. 15 years ago I visit Florida and they were all over the grass but now ZERO bugs. The cute bugs.  Miskitos eeewwf
Humans need culling.
The fact that earth has had multiple mass extinctions before I don’t believe there’s anything we can do to stop it. Just a part of life on earth.
Oh poooor humanity suffering from its own sh*t. Good job. Most humans will deserve this.   Keep having kids everyone 😅 ka pai world, ka pai 😂😂😂
Well the “fastest” mass extinction called the “great dying” from fossil records took 60 million years and that started with the Siberian super volcano eruption so I think we have some time.  Only life that survived was sea life.
Man himself is destroying the earth.....have said this for years 79 years old..🕊🇺🇲💕
Until we learn to live like Hobbits run from materialism and realize money is our downfall, none of this will be solved.  Here in Florida we have a mass migration and no one blinks when it comes to deforestation to build
We can fix it it will take time and maybe a war … but we can fix it . The government should go after those who deface the earth.
This was a important well done story that is not told far enough, no one is ready to face it.
Mother nature is and will take care of mankind. Once the population drops to where it drops to and this means billions of people gone then over enougj time the world will slowly recover, because mankind wont do what needs to be done.
people need to be very concerned about this. i also have memories of insects being much more prevalent in my youth and now......humans need to reconcieve how we live, giving up the "standard of living" notions that giant multinationals have gotten us addicted to inorder to make their proofs. And now we have another that entered the world - technology Ai and u can see the very same formula used of getting us depend upon their products making us beleive they are necessary for quality of life, just as oil pharmacitcal food production etc industies  have done. Human exstinction is inevitable because we are unable to accept  what is necessary to adapt. it will take a lot more then zero emissons, it will take a profound shift in how we view how we live. sustainable living is not about somehow maintaining how we live now. it requires a completely different approach that we simple dont seem to want to do.....im fortunate im an old person i will die soon but i see child who are being born now and wonder and fear for what they are to face and indeed why they are being brought into such a world as it is. I apologies for my part in the generations i grew up, fooled by a system of thought that somehow humans are more advanced then the natural world.....
Dude. This is the problem with misinformation. I love listening to stuff like this and I support the reserves and the willingness to build these populations up. But the fact that they went in on the California state bear fkn says it all!! That bear has been extinct since the early 1900’s and they are acting like this happened last year. Cmon now
Wow this is totally fake. The human population has been dropping for a while now. Wake up everyone your being lied to
Repulsived Earth repulsived
As we've noticed, scientists have an agenda.  Their doomsday reports brings in a lot of funding.
Sounds like yall need to put fish back stop fishing for a couple years
Fly above the Earth, outside of cities its largely empty. Plenty of food and space. This is new world order rubbish. God said populate. The depopulation going on now is already destroying economies and national development from the inside out.  Man's wisdom is foolishness. Glory to God. O.M.River channel
Nice propaganda piece. I would be embarrassed to call myself a scientist at this point. 😂
Kind of funny they're running out of places to live you could fit the entire population of 9 billion people in a 21oo-ft square home every single person if you put these home stack together on top of each other in the state of Texas Yes 21oo foot square home and the state of Texas
Population control is inevitable ! To many people and not enough natural resources .
If you take something from the planet, you immediately replace it. We aren't running out of anything,  we are negligent and irresponsible and it's the government education system fault.
I was born in 1975. I am part of the rising tide. I think my job on earth is to find balance and allow the species that has taken over to return to its senses. Part of that effort is sitting in the fact I am 48 and have not fathered a child. I am not sure that is detriment but stands as a reminder that things are not going well. I estimate the earth will heal itself and that the hope intelligence will increase will be the point of contention where humanity will begin to understand what a leader is and what a follower is. That is still unclear?
😂😂😂😂
Take direct action people, stop corporations with direct action and not peaceful protests
Please help us feed sahneekwa and her 19 CHILDREN and with "one more on the way" its especially bad for her please help us feed cloth and give medicine to her She has HIV And so do all her children......THATS HALF THE PROBLEM THAT MENTAL SET OF MIND KID AFTER KID AFTER KID AFTER KID LITERALLY TILL THEY AGE OUT OF CHILD BEARING AGE IN AREA'S THAT JUST CANT SUPPORT LIFE GOD FORBID WE OFFER THEM BIRTH CONTROL.
God is going to make a new heaven and a new earth for Himself and His believers.  He is not happy with how men have ruined this earth.
The bible predicts the future perfectly.
Hunt more wild bore.
😢
Our scientists haven't been heard as often as they should have been. The United States has done poorly at educating itself in the sciences. Documentaries are teaching tools, but we don't seem to use them. I know I would make an amazing President. I hope I will get that chance, or at least a chance to speak to America. Thank you for this video 🙏
Everyone is leaving the west and migrating east
Ultimately,the world will still be around...But if we keep this up,it's humanity that may not be around for much longer.
"We own the science"  -UN
One word that caused all this-- "greed"
#TheLastCentury
So you and the other elites initiate population control through war, famine and viruses.. Most people see through liberal leftist ideology. The world can support  many times over double our population.
By the time where virtually everyone is on the same wavelength in regards to saving our planet, it will be too late for all of us.
Turn the volume on no voice whats the matter with you why do you keep doing this. GOOD BYE!!
Stop farming we are running out of food. And a lot of these problems in the future are from that logic.
Didn’t Al Gore say this 20yrs ago?
They don't mention capitalism. Strange. There are resources, but they are wasted. That has to do with capitalism. The need to produce at high rates in order to produce wealth depletes natural resources. It's obvious. But I can understand that by challenging this reality we will inadvertently challenge our theoretical realm. So, we either face a physical crisis that will change the survival of all living creatures, or we face a philosophical crisis that will change our worldview forever.
While I don’t condone genocide I don’t condone playing God and cheating death either.
Poles are shifting warming the planet.
Good May be we’ll learn a lesson! We don’t understand nature only technology and money.
Just 1nquestion around 1200 earth temperature (average) is much higher but we are still here .... one species die one will be fertile is circle of planet earth ... one will die one will dominate its evolution and the circle keeps running... in short global warming is myth .... Africa will be desert but Russia USA and Canada will be new fertile land
Air drop these people into the Allegheny Forest
You people are so blind there are vast amounts of unoccupied land that we currently own especially the Alaskan islands and in the northern hemisphere you're only focused on condensed populated cities go outside of New York and you'll see the rest of America
Narcicism and its to the extent that the inaction and the choice to do absolutely nothing to reverse the rape of yhe earth thats taking place so rapidly. It's vile
Destroyed by the greed of man. You cannot just take and take ans take
They care more about animals than humans.. this is what has to happened before Jesus returns
I'm sure all these experts and smarties have a safe shelter in the bunkers underneath the Denver International Airport when the SHTF and the extermination policy goes into affect!
Geoengineering mimics climate change. The climate is changing, as it has  many times before .
Cities are the actual problem.
YOU TUBE Joe Biden Brags about getting Ukranian Prosecutor Fired
16 Billion,  the WWF is a Euginics organization.  Hold corporations responsible for the pollution. Climent Change is a natural occurrence uns less some one is trying to .ess with the weather Chem trails.
Isn't this old news? Major book on this came out like 5 years ago...
Organic is greed and not enough natural land to grow it. Tear down the dams and learn from mother nature and bad politics
I live in southern Minnesota and it’s all corn and soy fields. I go for walks and I feel sad bc nothing feels wild. It’s so hard to find. It’s like living in a simulation.
Northeast Ohio didn’t experience winter this year … yet no one is even batting an eye. How is no one concerned that the snow belt experienced maybe 5 days that there was more than an inch of snow on the ground ….?
Governments,control the food control the people
The lord did not create the earth to be limited. The earth is unlimted. The earth can have 1 trillion++
The Human population is decreasing as your watching this video. This blame the Humans for all the earthly problems has got to stop. Propaganda.!
Now Biden is allowing new drilling in Alaska.  Amazing.
Y’all are so dramatic. Y’all will seriously do anything for views. 😂😂😂 LMFAO
How many trillions does the government have to throw at this to fix this? Also the overwhelming majority of people in the United States don't have a fully EV. It's about 1% of registered vehicles on the road. Millions even with a tax cut simply cannot afford them. Here's an example. Where I live you can within a 30 mile radius find hundreds of cars/trucks used under $5000 that many with some maintenance last years and years. For a fully EV even used truck your looking at $40000+ right now. In my family on both sides I believe 1 or 2 of them overall out of 100+ people have a vehicle even worth more than $30000 with the vast majority having vehicles under $10000 and many under $5000 of them bought them flat out cash with their income taxes and don't even qualify based on income eligibility to even lease or make payments for an EV. Simple fact is unless it gets to the point where you can from anywhere in the US find a used EV car or truck under todays current value of $10000  and under then it's impossible for them to even make up 50% of the vehicles on the road even 30 years from now. Same with a home solar system. I already did the math and got quotes and if I installed it myself and the payments would be more than I pay in electric every month and my credit rating is poor and I almost guarantee before your even approved they want documents of your income and what your bills are to determine if your even able to pay them off. They will get cheaper but never will they get affordable for all. Look up how much a used 4 cylinder engine is compared to often a $10000+ EV battery. The truck's EV battery is probably $20000+ when you can find and old engine for less than $1000. From a pure logic perspective and based on life experience of being in different income brackets throughout my life its easy for people making $60k+ a year to think people making less than $30k can somehow with tax credits afford all these things although its actually impossible.
Our planet is in crisis. The rate of environmental degradation is accelerating, and we are losing biodiversity at an unprecedented rate. We are already seeing the devastating consequences of these actions, in the form of more extreme weather events, rising sea levels, and the spread of disease.  But our politicians are not doing enough to address this crisis. They are more interested in protecting the profits of corporations than they are in protecting our planet. They continue to allow corporations to pollute our air and water, destroy our forests, and drive species to extinction.  We cannot continue down this path. We need to take action to protect our planet, or we *will* face the consequences. We need to demand that our politicians take action to address climate change, protect our environment, and promote sustainable development. We need to hold them accountable for their inaction.  The future of our planet depends on it. I fear nothing will change, though. Ever.
We're doomed.  It isnt cost effective enough to save ourselves apparently.  The world you get if economists and bug businesses run things.
Judging by the chart, this is some clickbait garbage. Doomsday prophecy propaganda. I hear a lot of "could be" "may be". I'm just old enough to remember a time when journalists took pride in their work. I hold the media partially responsible for the pathetic & embarrassing state of the US
Bullsh…!
It’s cold in Indian it ain’t never been cold in may
This dude is lying,  we don’t need 5 new planets,  that’s a ridiculous statement
Mr. Scientist
Its a Setup By the Treeson Media World is Rising Against the Media Here they  come Dust will be left Kings  Promises World to  Wittness all World is at the Door Foolish Media World Public has Power Anger Distaste Media has Become Enemy of thecWorld Wowwwww Boycott all Media    all over Internet woww.
Fossil fuels have allowed us to artificially produce food, clothes, and buildings at an extreme detriment to the planet
WE NEED TO TEACH PEOPLE HOW TO PROVIDE FOR THEMSELF, AT SCOOL TEACH TO GROW PLANTS AND SURVIVE TO TRADE
So science say's the earth is a globe yet according to AI each and every photo that NASA show us is a lie they don't have not even 1 real photo from space, in space, around space, even all those so called galaxies is CGI, this is not my  claim this is AI's claim. I already knew they lied.   So follower's of science where is your outrage and would you keep funding me if I told you lies for over 50 yrs while your tax dollars kept coming into me at over 52 million dollars daily?
Scientists are inaccurate, just look at all the new information coming out.  Salmon farms destroying the native stocks.  And quite frankly this is speculation based on limited information.  One thing is true.  Humans treat our planet with less respect than our own Sewage.
This is the biggest hoax perpetrated on humans in our days. If they would stop spraying chemicals from the sky every day, things wouldn’t be disappearing.  NWO
Well maybe if they didn’t fish all summer there would be fish.
Human beings destroyed earth we deserve what's coming
Tectonic crypto new world bank exploding
Whose going be diacussing our extinction ?? The monkeys ??
I've already read this
There should be an urgent call from the UN that families can have a max of 3 children only. I find it shocking to see families who still have 6 children or more.
Humans will Breed themselves out of existence.
Truth is, you could have a million of these documentaries and it wouldn’t change a thing. People are creatures of habit and being comfortable. They’ll continue to do what they do until they’re forced to change and there are no other options left. The planet and much of our wildlife species are doomed. Sad but true!
Maybe they should stop spraying heavy metal dust into the clouds and calling it "seeding" Maybe they should maintain the railways to not have another Palestine Ohio. Government did it and now they're blaming on us for driving to work😅
Human population needs to be greatly reduced
Thanks a lot white man, chinese government
There’s a mass extinction of common sense in California
Elon musk is saying just the opposite
The earth is suffering the global government rule, but not the population growth
You guys got nothing to do right you guys are the animals
Don't understand why dirty diesel vehicles cant be banned... leaving only lorrys & boats to use the fuel... petrol far more cleaner! you dont see dirty black smoke from exhaust pipes of petrol cars!  This would help to cut our c02 foot print, why we move towards greener technology's this idea dont require technology... as dirty diesel should b banned!
The fake news never ends
Just another Scientists in search of grant money! Science is for sale, just like everything else!
Bull sh-- propaganda from the United States government . Too many people in government , not in the country .
industrialism and consuming and welfare state in all their glory. Now it's waiting the Enlightened elites pick up the kind of humans it will be legal-and-convenient -and-justifiable to suppress.
Man this is a flat out lie! Its plenty of land all over this globe that's been hoarded by governments. All people need to survive is land, the sun, seeds and water. We need to go back to the old ways of living
Stop having 4 kids
Bill Gates already had the solution and implemented it. Not done either. Him nor fauci 🤔
Because salmons are already in the supermarkets frozen.
Look at the millions of dead birds under elevated wind generators -  all unnecessary.
Hopefully Elon musk has mars ready before the mass extinction, damn this is depressing, 10 years, everyone needs to start investing in Elon musk.
“We used to fish for a season, now our harvest is down to a day, even hours”. Perhaps stop then?
The food chain goes all the way down to microbiology.  Saving the lions and tigers does nothing because you are saving the hunters not the prey.  We really need to focus on saving plants so that small plant eaters can survive long enough to transfer energy up to the meat eating animals.  IMO we really should not be playing with the forces of nature like we do.  Irradiating a disease or pest is enough to cause the ecosystem to change drastically or collapse but we’ll never witness the collapse directly because it would be something that happens over decades or centuries.
End more humans.
I find it interesting that the Salmon fishermen is sad that there’s no more fish but he is the part of the problem! When will governments wake up and ban all commercial fishing and save to oceans!?!?!?!!!?
The Spirit Energy Source is Science  It is not Religion.  It has nothing to do with the worship of the Imaginary Mythical Fantasy Gods.  The Great Designer and Creator, Matter, Knowledge, Energy, Time and Space Has Always Existed.  All Without Beginning or end.  Beginning and End only reveals an absence.  Creation is only the rearrangement of Matter. As Existence and Matter does not evolve from nothing. Spirit Is The Highest Energy Source. The Universe was the first Intelligent design That we are aware of. The Universe was specially designed for life on this Planet Earth. it is powered and controlled by the 'The Spirit Energy Source.'  Words to the honest and wise: honesty and understanding is the only true belief. Without honesty and understanding we do not know what to believe. To accept other’s opinion of the truth without proving it to yourself; it is being deceived it is not believing. We must understand to believe. Until Next time: Sweet Dreams: Truth will solve all our problems before we create them; and ignore or reject the truth; problems will multiply all by themselves; those problems will need no help. Have a great and a meaningful life if it is at all possible. Just whispers, of the Ghost of Reality.
만약에 하나님이 있다면, 언젠가 현대시장근처쯤에서 누구나 길가다 악마적 생각이 들때 갑자기 썡뚱맞은 폭력형남성을 마주한다면 악마라 생각되겠지만 그는 뿔이 없없는 현실적인 폭력범 확성기상태로 나에게 소리질러 경찰에 신고했지만 경찰은 내가 들고 있는 비닐밖에 씨씨티비가 찍히지않았다 거짓말함. 경찰은 그래도 하나님은 알겠지 묻고싶다
Want a bunch of Bull splatter!
Industrialized technologu isnt so smart waa it?
No wolverines in michigan
Lot of the sealife are heading to.shore no plankton
It will.happen fast like the rapture
We got too many people its inevitable population has to shrink and it will wont be pretty but those who survive if very few will be back to caveman days likely those peope will be of caveman mentality the people civilized world dont see or know but are here
To say humans occupy 70% of the land is a blatant lie and they know it. They want you to get used to the idea that there needs to be a culling of the population. By their own admission, no more than 500 million to inhabit the planet. Why do they need you to believe in their satanic agenda!? Because they have already got the ball in motion.
I remember driving down to San Antonio and corpus christi from dallas as a kid in the summers. At the end of our trips there would be hundreds of dead bugs on the windshield and front of the car that we would have to wash off. That doesn’t happen anymore.
The problem is not Guatemala the problem is China contaminating the worlds atmosphere  .the USA has become an agricultural country' like Guatemala .the worlds industrial Superpower is China   .save the world stop China industry
China has to put there industrial revolution on pause to save the world
invest in farming!
Welcome to Biden’s uhh uhh you know the thing..
No its not the truth is u make yr laws up the earth hss enough land to cover millions more people  dont buy salmon because we can not afford it
Honestly all I hear is a bunch of people not wanting to jeopardize the current way of life. Controlling the population does nothing when the our culture is to take over and consume. Rather than adapt and coexist.
Worst part is we exit by class  those who stole the most those who raped mother earth the max will exit last while poor suffer & pass away first.
This has to be the 100th dire prediction of mankind I have heard  in the past few decades.
Can someone please debunk this when most of the human population lives in the northern hemisphere and hardly anyone lives in the southern… if that fact is true then what half the earth isn’t good enough
Elon we need nano bees asap
I’m with you on how you feel!! I go through this pain every day thinking about the planet 🌍.
If we had learned how to live on the Earth with the Earth, and all the other animals from the Native Americans, rather than murdering them all…  We be totally better off now
This can't be shocking to us, the scenarios have been ran by us constantly by scientists in every way possible to us since the 60's and 70's, and probably before. Lemmings follow their herds over cliffs, humans look to be significantly similar.
Alarmists... what a joke! Doomsayers that make wild predictions about future outcomes which are grossly over exaggerated and never come true. I remember the first Earth Day{1970} I was ten yrs old and my teacher handed out a paper with all these dire predictions - at the top of the list was ALL BIRDS will go extinct by the year 2000! In thirty years they would ALL be extinct.   I thought back then, WOW we need to start doing something. Well, it is 2023 and there are more birds in the sky now then you can shake a stick at.  Will there be continued ongoing "earth changes" and species extinctions{exits} YES INDEED. In the history of the planet 99% of ALL LIVING organisms have gone extinct many of which occurred when humanoids were not in existence. Also aggregate global human birth rates are in decline.  All this said, does not mean that we need to ignore the environment. We DO need to be better STEWARDS and SHEPHERDS of our beautiful planet. But let us tone down this rhetoric of doom and gloom, this hyperbolic B.S..  It is much more likely that we wind up doing something really stupid like blowing ourselves up or having a failure of planning of engineering like Fukushima and its subsequent repercussions be our epitaph.  Just saying.
Chemtrails are doing miracles.
Good
Stop saying it's over population that is causing the world's problems. It's Command Capitalism fielded by a Neoliberal agenda.
Yhea, brought on by liberal politicians
Maybe next time they will get the covid virus to work as planned. Then the billionaires could retired to their bunkers for a couple of years until It's just them left.
Man has dominated man ,and the greed won't end till the creator steps in. Listen to Bible truth & prophecy.
Earth ain't experiencing extinction,  earth has viruses called evil people who are here destroying it and robbing it intentionally and unawarely and it will get rid of all by destroying all
He is wrong about everything there is God for all humans and animals we need better management better leaders quit killing human beings
Noah ark is getting full again
Man, reading through these comments, gives me a little bit of hope, but mostly despair.  Even if the planet was going through a mass extinction on its own without human cause why shouldn’t we still try to stop it? We went to the moon and invented the a bomb, but we can’t save our own planet for our grandchildren?
16k dislikes ❤
Don't worry the government will turn this into another way to tax us to death.
This is why I never had kids.
Somewhere…….George Carlin is smiling.
Just waiting for that big space rock to hit the planet. Humanity is cancer.
God's word says Earth will never be destroyed neither the human race. Know your Bible! Read Isaiah 45:18, Psalm 37:11....jw...
its a FLEX to drive big trucks in USA. . ; (
Food shortages are the start of the birthing pains, says good book..
it will Not be Food, it will be our Grand 12k Solar Magnetic Pole Reversal currently due aprrox. with in our next 2 decades. Its the Big one known as the Noah Event. its the time just as the good book has told us when the world has become a cesspool & Our Father Creator turns His Earth Upside down just as He has Over  Past Millenia. its the time once again when Man goes bye bye again for ruining His gift to us, We took His Earth & turned into a  world "  it is stated in the good book be Not part of the world.  this would be a good time to be sure ones Spiritual House is  in  Order..
I hope humans are the next mass extinction and the nature is allowed to come back strong
It’s crazy to think that hauling up tens of thousands of pounds per hour of sea animals all on the name of greed could cause over-fishing  Almost like we need to stop doing it
I grew up in San Pedro California there were 10 fish canneries years ago they all went out of business only a pet food cannery exist
Now go back to the graph. It’s in an EXACT timeline as “natural planetary evolution!”😂
Look at Google maps and you see the ridiculous way we've bulldozed through Europe Asia and the Americas. Its a bunch of squares for growing food.
More like population collapse ! Plus if there as been 5 extinction level events in the past ,,, well humans weren't about then
Not true
Yet abortions are now banned.  People live in. 20 room mansion with only 2 people...Man destroys natural resources for money
Think of all the trash you threw away today just today's not this week's and think about the accumulation of garbage just from humans on this on a day-to-day basis it's crazy what were throwing away we're just throwing our resources in the garbage like there's so much more to come we are running out and we will run out eventually but people don't take this seriously unfortunately😢
This is absolutely terrifying but barely anyone will bad and I unfortunately the Earth is dwindling and people just stand by and watch but when all chaos ensues then they'll want to take action 🤦 I'm so sad I brought children into this world to have to endure this sadness of our destruction
How many contributors actually go out into the rural areas>  This piece is more fear mongering trying to scare people.  When I am out of the city, the animals are every where. Get out of the cities once in awhile and see what is actually out there.  Gore claimed we would be under water by 2030.  PURE BS.
The plant I s a better place with out the human race - we ARE THE PROBLEM
Blame the greedy corporations
Don't blame me. Doing my part by having no children. Please take care of me when I'm old.
U will eat zee cricket 🦗
People who own multiple homes
F it. It’s over
Over population is an excuse of the elites to destroy lives for the sake of their future.not ours.
It’s so sad makes me want to cry
Corporations are introducing ‘stuff’ to us, they are to blame along with all of media that advertises for them.
He caused the loss of salmon as well by over fishing.🤬
Capitalism, is killing the world.
Well being that this is 60 minutes I'm just going to go ahead and guess that you're going to blame it on climate change
Emf killing animals trees all kinds of life.
WEF and global elite are all in cahoots about this and destroying everything so they can come in blame humans and then pretend to save the day with the solution they came up with to the problem they came up with... total population control is what all of this is by the UN its BS
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Please look at the FACTs of boths sides of this argument.  It's not what it seems.  You can probably count the actual facts on one finger.
This is propaganda by George soro😢
It’s ok we are are all going to die anyway.
☢️☣️😵
We should definitely continue cloud seeding/ geo engineering, and let’s crank up the 5G too! Is there any hazardous chemicals on a train somewhere that needs derailing??? Oh and purposely released and set on fire???
If only someone could produce a experimental medical treatment to make our “crowded life “ issues go away…   oh wait!   W H A T ‘ S  T H I S  ???
Random Pythagoras universe science. It rejects the God hypothesis, yet uses absolute terms to communicate with.
God is good He has a plan! Make your surroundings better. Plant plants, put out a bird feeder, limit use of fertilizers, make a garden. Be responsible about what you eat and where you get it. Buy as much as you can from local farmers they know how to maintain land
I don’t think it’s too much people or consumption. It the rich claiming everything as their own and making products out of them that sometimes never get bought
12000 year disaster cycle, 6000 year disaster cycle, take your pick the universe is aligning ✌️❤️
THERE NEEDS TO BE A MORE EFFECTIVE RECYCLING SYSTEM & gas emissions need to go electric   It will destroy Russia’s economy
Wake up people wake up face the truth wake up wake up faced truth open the Bible Revelation we're not going to be here forever and people need to get that through their head we ruined and destroyed the Earth that we live on and humanity still don't give a damn
. The thing is is humanity don't really give a damn they don't care and when they come to the point where they do care it'll be too damn late this world's going to be destroyed so it doesn't really matter yet anyway but this is what humans have done to this earth and they don't give a damn
That people need to open their Bibles and maybe read it maybe read Revelation and that'll tell them everything they need to know
I love what that guy said because he's absolutely right he's absolutely right humanity is not sustainable but they think they are LOL they took this Earth that God made and turned it upside down now they want to figure out a solution for it again they should have thought of that before too late now it's too late now the process has already started
You're damn right but that guy just said too many people you're absolutely right it's a domino effect and people were too damn dumb to see it the government allow people to come over from other countries the government allows people to have as many kids as they want what do you expect from that what do you think's going to happen LOL anybody with enough common Sense should have figured it out it's only going to get worse so yeah people better figure out another way to make a living because human beings are destroying what God has made and then they want to try to figure out a way out of it should have thought of that before they had a lot of kids and before they brought their relatives and people were from other countries and I mean no disrespect towards people from other countries I'm just saying
There should have been something done about this a long time ago and there wasn't so it's just a domino effect and people better get used to it cuz it isn't going to change it's only going to get worse the people that believe in the Bible realize that the rest of the people 🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔🤔
Well we got too many people that come over here from other countries number one that doesn't help the situation no offense to the people and number to the people that live over here in the United States keep having kids and that doesn't help the situation either I don't see any solution too many people live in this world too many people there's just too way too many people and the process has already started and I don't think there's any way to stop it
And how much of that consumption is going to waste? ….A lot of it.
America is finished: We absolutely Did Rig our Election, and now we will pay for it. Watch the interview with General Hodges with DW news in Germany. He guarantees the Europeans Trump will Not win No Matter what. Trump could receive 98%of the vote, and he will still lose.
On a planet with finite resources and limited living space you cannot have unchecked population growth
The world is still stuck on YOLO 😂
My god, when I was a boy you could go down the road and spring and summer and you would have the equivalent of snow falling in terms of nightlife insects. No more. No more cleaning off your windshield wipers. Because the capital system is the best system. Winner-take-all is the best system. Not even for the winner
Megadeath
' climate alarmist '? 6 fold in the 20th century.
We need to behave like we used to when things are abundant.  Fix the soil, stop overproduction, no cancer causing anything, fish only when you're supposed to and by how much... But back our farms from China, lower the prices to run things correctly.   Greed, money and power is held by few who ruined our world for money.  You can't eat money and there's nothing left.
The old man is pushing the left agenda! This is not true! Non of it!
It’s not over population it’s over.. it’s  the population being overly greedy
Yes…….. stop having babies people
Over fishing with multiple boats in one region.... We have no fish 😭 what did you expect... Looking at the amount of unsuspecting participants  the death cult seems to be brainwashing, I'm betting overpopulation won't be an issue....this way to the volcano Jane 👀
All the people on earth could live in Texas.
Dont worry ww3 is going to set this back on tract
1970 lol rubbish it started when the first made man started a fire and started warming the planet
What, how are animals running out of land to live on. Only 40% of all land on earth has ever been physically expored. So more than half isnt enough.. not believing 60 minutes. They like the dem party, think we are stupid.
I don’t eat meat…. Would I really be that impacted?
Tell this to all the right wing people who don’t believe any of it or global climate change. It sickens me they and the lobbyists are allowed to continue
Hahahaha
The fisherman killed all the fish
Republicans will argue that this is normal process. Just like climate change is.  New species will arrive in time.
What scientists? Who are these nameless scientists!
Greedy corporate food companies and capitalist are nowhere to be found or mentioned of? Curious 🤔. I guess it's my fault 🤷🏻‍♂️
And then the people haters created a VAX thee END...
The worst is in Northern America where you can’t even pick fruit for free!
You all need to stop getting your panties up in a bunch this earth can take care of itself just fine and does every dozen millennia or so that brings us to the brink of extinction and we begin all over from the Stone Age. See ya in Bedrock
Yup and humans will go to mars ..turn into earth and do the same thing..then maybe one of the moons of Saturn..and so on so on..humans are Xenomorph Aliens...
There is more land open then there is more land being this is a falsehood put on by government to make the people think there is an issue so they can extract more finance from the people 💯. Governments are buying up farmland left and right and not contracting it and let it just sit there unused and are claiming of a food shortage.
What’s that guy crying about, he’s probably one of many who fished until they were all gone.
Nature will win the war and one of two things happen.   1 We don't notice in time and we will be part of history. 2 We survive but in a very small groups.
The instructions North spirit of God is not based on the economy See what mankind has it all figured out they fall short of the story The old saying while God laughs So we all have to pay
Influence of installing the fear of the unknown 🤷🏽‍♂️ GOT HISTORY, MANKIND'S MYSTERY  🌴🤔🌳        🌎
Dont cram everybody in one place and there is plenty for everyone
Yup thanks gov. Everyone look up why NO ONE is aloud in Antarctica 🌏 Don't delete this *Babe*
We got more bs lies about this garbage than anything else. Humanity is fine on earth. Scientists can start proving their theories.
We know because he said so😂💀
🤙Mahalo Earth🌍
By lebert Evan Bailey Jr : Pain can be the feeling you received deep inside,,, as your heart it's getting sliced slowly with an old,dull, rusty razor blade,,, continuously while salt is being poured on it profusely as sea turtles can lay eggs at the same time. (Time can bleed the truth)  Or it can be the heavy impact,,, and the pain people feel losing their loved ones like when A moments struck the Titanic and  it was pierced by the iceberg, as it started sinking slowly to the bottom of its ocean abyss. ( It sets deep)  Or how about in regard to knowing you put all your time and so much effort trying to save a loved one's life but still losing their soul because of the evilness has infected them mentally and physically breaking down there Temple ( Let's now focus)  Now The man who tries to play the role of Cupid on God's children,,, and all his anointed ones for fools, an with anyone as they evaluate your thoughts you'd want to manipulate can win and have a small chance of changing the test of love that the Lord has challenged,,, us by altering the balance of God's powers  is and still remain known as mishanders who trains fools.
y'all always be crying about doom. Why don't you stop focusing so much on death and give life some attention
It's becoming rear of good and global warming.
A possible solution ? Let's hear it
Interesting story.  My son's and I have hiked every mountain range West of the Mississippi River in the United States over the past twenty years.  This continent including much of South America has plenty of wildlife and raw untamed forests.  One of my favorite places on earth is a stand of trees near lake Tahoe that are about 5,000 toe 7,500 years old.  All of the trees in this stand are perfect and healthy.  I find global warming to be a joke because these trees have been through multiple cycles of cold and drought during their lifetime.
Enter covid, no cure for cancer, etc.
*This is hysterical nonsense!*
Earth had 5 mass extinctions before humans were around though so perhaps it’s just a natural cycle. Maybe we aren’t helping but even without humans there could still be a mass extinction
Mass extinctions? Didn't mention the great cataclysmic floods 12,500 years ago. Reshaped the world and its population. Just the classic dinosaur extinction. Hiding anything?
But the day of the Lord will come as a thief in the night; in the which the heavens shall pass away with a great noise, and the elements shall melt with fervent heat, the earth also and the works that are therein shall be burned up.2 Peter 3:10 KJV
We "are" experiencing a 6th mass extinction where we "could see" similar amounts of species disappearing. Stupid is as stupid does
So sad
Homebuyers with good credit scores will soon encounter a costly surprise: a new Biden federal rule forcing them to pay higher mortgage rates and fees to subsidize people with riskier credit ratings who are also in the market to buy houses.  The fee changes will go into effect May 1 as part of the Federal Housing Finance Agency’s push for affordable housing, and they will affect mortgages originating at private banks across the country. The federally backed home mortgage companies Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac will enact the loan-level price adjustments, or LLPAs.
the only reason we seem to be suffering losses is due to psychotic egocentric liars spreading  fake anthropological data to gain relevancy and the regulation that is inspired by it.
Interesting information about planet🔝
Over population is regional.
That’s a lie. We are under on growth. Fact
The world can sustain infinite amount of people and animals. Only the left says so otherwise.
Humans are the problem..We use and abuse Our World. .The Planet Earth..Always taking and never giving back..
Humans are the problem..We use and abuse Our World. .The Planet Earth..Always taking and never giving back..
Bangladesh a tiny teeny country has more population than Russia that’s a big problem
We can keep consuming forever in a finite planet for sure
All hogwash predictions
I feed cardinals, cow birds, sparrows, titmouse, 2 types of Woodpecker, starlings, and doves that I recognize. There are others as Eagles, Chicken hawks,  blue falcons, buzzards. We have many cedars, spruce, Oak, tulip trees, maples, pecan, Walnut Aaccorn Plum, pear, apple, persimmon, grape Plum,  Willows, and Pines. I had a Black Pather/ cougar in my yard  6 years ago. She ate the back half of my cat kittens. My poor kitty banged against my front door and peed on my Welcome Mat. She was terrified.
The planet will be ok.....without us.
It boils down to greed, profit, and out of control consumption and mass environmental pollution!
ridiculous RIDICULOUS story. God’s purpose for humans and the earth is in the Bible.  What we see now is a result of HUMAN rulership. Our first parents chose this.  Soon resolved.   God promises a future and a hope.  Jeremiah 29: 11
I would conceed to take flight but for the way of life that leads to certain destruction. Tobacco really needed for that much sitting. More can yas in the marathon this year? I haven't checked
Hi thanks. Realizing that "you" don't have a thinking mind but a mind that processes in order to justify an id, sorry if that has been upsetting. Other forms of life don't have to suffer the self struggle the judgements and the grief a mind unable to think to any logical conclusion can.
Humanity? Nope he said  "Basically YOUR and MY lifestyle" so in other words YOUR lifestyle is not sustainable
More hysterical crap from 60 minutes
I remember a time when the water we drank was not in a plastic bottle.
USAs and China's "UFOs" goto war. Then we have to pull out our Direct Energy Beam weapons😳 and earth quakes happen all over the world. I love you all. Meet me in the next life!
We need a high population to expand out of earth
WHATEVER  PEOPLE ARE THE PLAGUE
maybe because capitalism is not sustainable.
So this shows , COVID was probably made to knock down the population.
STOP LOGGING AND STOP GEOENGINEERING THE WEATHER
Nano technology is only 15 years off. With nano tech we can make anything we want to make without having to worry about scarcity. Nano tech is taking atoms and arranging them in whatever molecule length, or structure, that we have need for. That would mean that we can produce food without agriculture. We can produce oranges without orange trees. Nano tech can give us all of the resources that we need. And they say that it is 15 years off. Let's say it is 30 years off.. But if we work towards harnessing the methods of science, if you have difficulty with that, American formed the blockade so Germany could not get it's rubber from Sumatra, but Germans had enough technicians. I'm not upholding the Germans, by the way. They had enough technicians to create synthetic rubber. And they made tires for their jeeps, their airplanes. I think that if science is turned loose, where labs don't have to try to pick up nickels and dimes for diseases or research in general. We give every lab what ever they need just as we do with the pentagon. We almost give them everything they need. We're giving it to the wrong people. The pentagon is comprised of stupid individuals who don't know how to solve problems.
Good all gone no animals no humans no light excellent no trees nothing where does the fallen angel live just God and heaven I belive
no water shortages here in America, I get nastygrams from HOA if ever my lawn is not super green or a grass looks out of place.
Human life will be in the balance in the future. Gov is already making plans who will live, and who will not. A culling will occur that will be unprecedented. It will not be thousands, tens of thousands, or millions it will be a billion people or more that will be the chaff to the sieve. God be with you all. May your eyes be eyes that see not just to look.
Anyone else feel like we get closer to the movie “wall-e” being a reality each day
We're all stuck here  No escape button  Could be an awesome world but people are blind to the obvious,  how just to get out of here  Wtf  Make a synthetic opioid take home euthanasia available at every pharmacy and 45-65 percent of the planet would say thanks and get to leave. One train full of fentynal by the 10,000 gain vat without xyaxaline and everyone who doesn't want to be here gets to leave and most of the world's problems are over  Supply a drink in a bottle with a lock and key,  with a micro serial number so a cororonor could scan over the body and verify who bought the drink  The world would only be full of people that actually want to be here, you'd more than double available resources to the planet, and everyone would have 2 houses,  2 cars,  2 cows, ice cream on top and oil to last the planet.  Those who rule the world want to live forever,  so they think everyone else does too. We're all such here because too many people are blocking the exits.    People are dumb  Make euthanasia not fungus or virsuses  They're making a dime in healthcare instead of a dollar somewhere else making this world awesome
Bakhmut, Ukraine is FALLING  --  Thought the Russians were LOSING the WAR  --   MORE       FAKE       NEWS..
And people keep having babies like they’re collectibles. Absolutely selfish to look at the state of the world, the population boom, and think to yourself “You know what this world NEEDS?…MY Offspring.”   No, no it doesn’t. Adopt.
Humans are a cancer on this planet.
Another Henny Penny, “the sky is falling.”  The DNC sure likes fear mongering
Exactly, Mr. Erlick!!! It is not sustainable at all. The planet was only created for 2 billion people, maximum. There just isn’t anyway to keep it sustainable and sliding other planets into this one to crop-transfer life is nearly impossible without that of deadly boils and cross-transmitted diseases.  ❤
Bs
It's hard to believe with so many tipping points having already passed that we still talk of hopium. We have a few years or a few decades left, the difference is negligible. We should try to assist trees in migrating to the north to give a bit more of a chance for the next species to have a small shot.
and my brother tells me people arent having enough kids-gmafb
And yet the democrat want to invite more illigals
Just go to work everything’s fine
We CAN fix the planet and that’s why we don’t.We suck the life out of everything living on earth.We are still apes.Not very smart and very stubborn.
In the 60s it was the oil would be gone in 10 years ❗ in the 70s it was another ice age in 10 years ❗ in the 80s it was acid rain would destroy all crops in 10 years ❗ in the 90s it was ozone layer would be destroyed in 10 years ❗ in the 2000s it was the glaciers would all melt in 10 years ❗ in the 2010s it was the East and West coast would be underwater from rising Sea levels in 10 years ❗ in 2020 it's climate change will destroy everything in 10 years ❗ and none of this Fear Mongering ever came true but it did result in higher Taxes every time ❗ it's not science it's politics ‼️🤮🤮🤔🤔
As long as power and money Rules which it always will we have no chance. The world could be on the brink of extinction and the people at the top will still never take it seriously. Unfortunately that’s the way most human minds are built and until something serious happens people will never change. I’m so glad I live in the quiet countryside where we can’t really see over population in city’s etc,
Is that why processing plants are being destroyed? Foul being killed off in mass… good luck in your expensive bunkers, paid for by the needless mouths of the small
Well … He’s not Wrong.. They’re destroying our food & animals. Polluting the planet with scientific experimental crap.. controlling weather , geoengineering ..  etc …
"I assure you this is the sixth time we've destroyed it and we've become efficiently good at it!"           -The Source-
And Elon Musk says we don't have enough population
Yep
Why don't we save the animals that don't spend every hour of the day trying to eat the animals.try to bring back the animals that eat plants, because people aren't going to stop eating either.
We are the only animals on earth with a brain tonthink and problem solve because God put us here..We are to greedy to take care of the earth...Root of all evil...money.....Will be the downfall of this esrth..
Trst in the Uluord<, uthe Grueuuatu Ujehovah. He provided for the childuruueunu of Israel Jesus fed 5000 souls with just two fish and a loaf if bread. God is Creator and sustained we must look to Him always!
This overpopulation lie really needs to stop. It's like with what governments are doing sounds like a conspiracy is being started cuz it seems like they're trying to make a one government system for the entire planet. These scientists don't seem to mention that a giant portion of the world's population are baby boomers, who are all on the brink of dying in the next 10yrs. We don't have enough babies to replace them. They said that sover 50% of women 35yrs old and younger will be unmarried and without even 1 kid by 2030. If that doesn't scare people then they're just ignorant. Our population will literally collapse and it's not just America, cuz China has an even worse problem cuz of the age of the majority of their population is over 50yrs old. They even stopped their 1 kid policy and now they can have up to 3 kids. The fact they lifted the ban on the 1 child policy they've had for 80yrs shows they're concerned as well about replacing the people that are about to die off.
The indigenous people didn't do this?
The left isn’t happy with all the snow pack in the west. They are hoping for the worst. Bad news for their political agenda- good news for real people.
Depressing reality.
Come to Alabama.  Birds everywhere.  Frogs everywhere.  Bees everywhere.  It's beautiful,  green and full of trees
I am so very happy no Republicans will be effected.
allowing purge, can fix it 🤷‍♂
Chemtrails are destroying our environment.  Earth is flat and infinite not a limited globe.
All summed up in a old punk song “we are only going to from our own arrogance!”
This guy sounds like he’s taken qualudes from the 70’s
Good Bring it. planet is totally out of control.
Far to many humans on this planet and governments have known this for years now, a conventional ww3 should balance things out .
People fail to realize, our lifestyles will change either way. I would much rather work with Mother Nature than have to work against her
Words for those who don't belong here.. Of course the originals will survive, all the aliens will be discarded like chaff in the wind.. As it was in the beginning so shall it be in the end. can I get an Amen???
The left and the globalists are doing their part to remove us from the planet
Bs
To believe this is to believe the air you breathe ain't there......this planet can sustain 5 times more of the present population, BS, the cooperations in manufacturing bad food and dangerous chemicals is jot sustainable....👀
Makes me sick.  I'm glad that I may live in the last of normalcy.  This is a perfect punishment  for the greedy human selfish life.  Poor animals, starve the humans better, we don't need em.
Selfish greed is the definition of humanity
I will die to protect innocence
Humans don't deserve eRth
Humans deserve this
THIS SHOW IS EVIDENCE THAT LAZY PEOPLE ARE KILLING PLANET EARTH BECAUSE ITS MUCH EASIER TO SHOOT A WILD ANIMAL FOR A MEAL THAN RAISE YOUR OWN CHICKENS AND PIGS BECAUSE THEY HAVE TO EAT.
We need Trump to be extinct😂
Earth is still coming out of the last ice age. Going to get warmer before it gets colder. Do your research simple-minded people’s.
Most uneducated, biased report ever. What a joke.
💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💔💢😥
The oceans will be empty in our lifetime
SPACE-ACE-ACE-ACE 👨‍🚀🧑🏾‍🚀👩🏼‍🚀 How low will we go before this all reverses? How many humans will be left to rebuild?
DO BETTER RESEARCH YO 😳🤔🎯🐑 BAAAH ☑️🤣🤣🤣
I don't understand why we humans can't get on board that this is happening & it's not "natural".
Humans: Oh no! Animals are dying, the climate is warning, and the planet's resources are being rapidly depleted!  Also humans: The science isn't settled, leave that mess for the future generations. Let's focus on economic growth instead.
Well out here every country boy and their brothers all get wooded acreage on private sale contract or loan and cut all the trees down to sell and pay off the land, payments on truck, and tractor. Throw up a house and sell it. A lot will bush hog just to have a pretty field and a few will get cattle. All the old timers spray their huge acreage vegetable fields with glyphosphate and tons of other stuff. Rock on 🤘
You couldn't be honest if your lives depended on it...
It's not just animals that can't find a place to live.  It is humans too.  All the damn noise all the time.  Traffic barking dogs thumping music.  You can't escape it.  It's always there even if you move somewhere else there is new noise and filth waiting.  Even in the country unless you're rich enough to afford something truly remote.  I say the fewer people the better.  I hope for quieter more livable world for animals and humans too.  I won't see it in my lifetime but maybe my grandchildren will.  Depopulation is the only path to a livable world.  The wealthy might be able to afford some peace and quiet but that is out reach for the vast majority including myself.  So we live in this filth and noise was no real chance of ever escaping.  Eventually we start making noise and filth to drown out the noise and filth of the rest of humanity.  That is all humans are now.  Noise and filth.
This issue should be on the agenda of the UN as a priority.
Elon musk says otherwise though, he says the human population is slowing down greatly.
I remember as a kid I'm now 33 . I would see geese fly south by the thosands . Thosands of butterfly's , Caterpiller nest in almost every tree . Honey and bumble bees galore .we used to catch frogs and salamanders in our creek . now I don't see the geese ,bees,butterfly's lizards at all . in 30 years guys .
No.
Humans humans humans, we destroy everything lmao
Leave……..everybody else will stay……..Greco Roman culture has destroyed the planet……..a lot of words…….a lot of myths…….a lot of toxins………😂😂😂
To the commercial fisherman thanks for ruining the ocean by over fishing.. 😅 and people still want to have kids idk why 🤦🏽‍♂️. Luckily the sun will explode and non e of this will matter in the end.
Nothing against Jesus, but a lot of people don't think any of this matters because He's coming back any day now, so why bother.
We’ve all succumbed to our own gluttony on so many levels.  Perhaps it’s time for us to go. I think it’s time to admit that we squandered everything. We’ll go down in history as just another civilization that was too expensive to exist. 😂
What a tragedy, Thanks alot for 60 mins for spreading awareness.
I hope Dr Erlich can appreciate that mere two or three years after his book came out, I was being taught about human overpopulation in school.
Paving paradise and putting up parking lots.
Greed will be man's own demise
This is what happens we need to stop letting  idiots destroy our world if we keep letting them idiots destroyed it more Extinction will come
Just buy an electric car and everything will be fine.
Should've listened to the natives
💔💔💔💔💔💔🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
In my late teens I worked on a Salmon boat off the Oregon coast to earn $ for college. Now I feel guilty even  eating Salmon occasionally! I'm thankful that I was raised in the 1950's and 1960's. Feel really bad for teenage grandchildren!!
Lol so your still fishing with the only hours you have
The population is not the problem. The problem is that our societies don’t know how to coexist with its ecosystem.The capitalist system is hurting our surroundings due to the priority being profits regardless of consequences.
Everyone’s worrying about aliens killing their planet and coming to get ours, but what if we are the ones that’s searching for another planet because we killed our planet.
Our governments around the world are chemtrailing us every single day to control the weather. But yet when we talk about climate change, we do not talk about chemtrailing what a sad stupid world.
Whats our governments response...? They choose to keep on doing the same thing. They allow major corporations to shrink their packaging, sell smaller products for the same if not more money, and proceed to erase the poor...
But again you guys all short on  knowledge father God create this planet and therefore he can contain this planet and all of the planets around with All of the populations possible so what's your guys problems
Tulum is first in line.
ALL effect are happening global and very fast, very soon everything will take for granted will dissappear, if humanity doesn't change, we will become the last, more details about this and how its going to affect everyone (CREATIVE SOCIETY) YOUTUBE and socials,
You are lying !!! You can put every human on earth and fit them in Texas and we all would have enough room
To me it’s looking like the only way we’re truly going to change how we live on a mass scale is if we become humbled, meaning, after it’s too late
I say let's everybody back against what's going on today standing one nation and fight for Earth earthurt maybe we could save it for our future little work where people can't have 10 kids that should be against a law you're s*** me only allowed to have 2 or 3 kids for each person
You know I'm so sad we're killing our planet everyday and you know want a lot of us hard working Americans that's watching these rich people just get rich cause they don't care about our planet and that's sad it's money more than mother Earth
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Protect the unborn from samsara
I'm sorry but media knows what's going on I knew it for a while A sign he'll is coming 😅
It's not people make weather dude I'm not that stupid to believe lies God is doing it of what c a use of sin in world😢
Reminds me of Island by  Aldous Huxley
The saddest thing about all this is that greed is what made this a reality. Overpopulation is part of it...but the way mass corporations have influence others for their profits is the real problem. The ones who can make a difference (the so called elites) will not because it does not benefit them and the ones who want to make the world better are powerless. This species (homosapiens) is truly lost.
Washington state has a abysmal record for the fisheries. Every small hatchery is closed.  We have been screaming that we need to follow Alaskan seafood practices.
It's a bad day. Every day. It's a story! It sells commercials.
This is why I don't trust any of you. We did what you said decades ago and everyone else just kept polluting. They still are and even worse. Now we all just expect to die?
U.N. Do as I say.. not as I polute.
Soylent Green is people.
The circle of life of Disney tells you all you need to know.
Is there hope? Another 60 minutes of BS.
China pollutes six hundred times more than a decade ago.
Well then there is hope.. money will fix it.
WOW science knows everything. We have all been dead for decades because they all said we would be long ago.
Chemicals and big corp have a lot to do with it.people used to live with the animals
Concrete is the cause of global warming. A Short drive thru the city and into the rural areas. It prevents night air from cooling under, doesn't allow rain to absorb and cool the earth nor dew , it's a serious problem, it holds heat well into the night can cook an egg on it , but not on grass or dirt or rocks
There's plenty of land the farm land the government pays to sit in used
Good
Time to build in the desserts and create boat homes.  Edit: let's grow more food on private and public properties.
Y’all really listen to 60 minutes ? 🤦🏽‍♂️
This entire narrative assumes humans and the industrial revolution are interdependent. Humans don't need to deplete all natural resources to thrive. We know how to thrive sustainably and we have the tech to do so. The virus mentality is relatively new for us. We don't need it.
"Life style" of eating meat dairy and eggs.
And it's the resources, trees and land that is being consumed that is the problem. Humans live on only 1% of land is where humans live, but we use 43% of land to feed exploited animals to humans.
This is man doing it's time for change seriously
Unfortunately it’s not human going extinct 😪
Imagine that there are still idiots in the world going on safari - killing already limited natural resources  solely for sport.  We need to conserve & protect  as many of the forests and natural habitats for wildlife as we can and that should be a UN priority.  There are still tons unpilfered lands in Africa that should be preserved.
I remember when I got taught the meaning of "cause and effect"  I remember when I got taught not to waste food.  I do not remember once being taught that If the number of something on which you rely is in decline and the reason for the decline is you.  Keep taking it and reducing it.    I don't remember anyone telling me that a problem can be solved by the cause of the problem.  I don't remember anyone saying to me "the Americans are right. They know what to do. They are our best shot, If we are to get out of a global predicament then look to the West"
Agenda 21 implementation
And too many rich millionaires and billionaires not doing Thier jobs of. .. helping the others.
SaD it's humanity's error
This Dream World is collapsing.  Hail Hail to I and I, You Are Not This Body Nor This Ego False Persona.  This World Is A dream creation.  Just like when you were in your Mothers Womb sleeping and dreaming.  So are Humanity in the Womb of your Self Supreme Called Aten Ra.  Aten Ra Clone Self Called Ra is playing the role of this Dream World. Ra is dreaming up this world with her duality Consciousness.    Her Min has gone crazy because it has NO LIGHT.  Pretty Soon Ra will awake from the dream to end this crazy Nightmare called LIFE.  Aten Ra will Turn the Light Back on the Consciousness of Ra and the Moon will finally return to being a Sun.  hai Hail To The I Self Supreme Primal Light,   Balance To The World!!  Victory. Victory.
Good, there is no death, we all go extinct means we collectively traverse source consciousness to a new level.
The Planet will do what it's always done. Shed and grow.
I’m retiring next month, and I’m a bit nervous about how to keep up with my kids
The world should start talking recycling of all materials seriously . And scientists should work on a different types of cheap gas from natural materials. Especially circuit boards. Where short on micro chips. I see thousands of TV s in the garbage.
They just prepping y'all what they about to do next. They not slick at all. No coincidence they had this video on 60 Minutes at the start of the Year where they're implementing the BS🙄🤔
God has the solution!  Called Judgment
We all vote with our money spent. The least we can do on a individual level is be mindful of that and spend money on sustainable products.
With a good vaccine, easy to get rid of billion, dixit Billy.
Did anyone ever stop to think that maybe all those nuclear test from the government did this damage? Anyone? Meanwhile they blame your car
Well we missed that date.
F ytppl since contact
Humans have to live on this planet for it to survive all false news here
If we do not start to control ourselves it will not be the world that will end it will be us, we have won the battle of survival but greed, lies and uncontrolled growth will be our death as a species, with the extinction of over 70 percent the life present now. The earth will win, we will lose. When food and water begin to disappear the whole structure of societies everywhere will break down, war, violence, mega-famine, a die off of people our species have never seen will happen. Just picture a bacterium in a closed petri dish with a finite amount of space and protein that is left on its own where uncontrolled growth happens. We are no different. Going to the 7/11 will not save you.
Mass Extinctions of IQ points and common sense.  😂
You've been predicting the Earth's extinctions since I was a child I'm in my fifties I'm still waiting
I totally disagree with this video. There's not too many people and there are plenty of places to live, maybe they should not build houses one up against another for starters or cram everybody in one geographical area. There is only been one mass extinction and it was the global flood, not six exctincions??? A lot of this is right from the world economic forum agenda. Do not believe any of this.
I had to scroll through 30 pointless news videos to find any actual news
I don’t care, literally
It’s the sun and weather - not the people/population!
Just tell the truth.. plz.
Lol dinosuars arent real.. explain to me how dinosuars mate???  Dont worry i wont wait.. the trex is not real. All the bones are made in china..
Well maybe if these "ones we arent allowed to talk about or say anything negative about". Would quit lying to all of us and let us have the technologies that our ancient ancient ancestors use to have..  And we all k ow dinosuars arent real
Doesn’t count as 60 minutes when you dial the speed back. 1.75x speed is better
Taking from the wild is a stupid idea it is not sustainable. Only food and resources that are farmed should be allowed including fish and trees. We should only be able to cut down the trees we planted and eat the fish we raised.
Weeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
The next mass extinction will most likely be in the next 10-15 yrs when we’re due for a Micronova.
Thé WWF funded by bill gates, the corrupt WHO, UN 😂
I guess California needs a new flag. How about one wth a marijuana leaf on it? 😃
I remember being about 5-7 years old…I’m now 25. My 4th grade teacher told us not to worry about the glaciers melting before we pass thus recking havoc on the world. And I remember how intense and scared we all where knowing the out come and hearing this just takes me back to that moment everytime. All we can do is Find Jesus stay faithful to him and out objective in life and  hope we earned the better half of the end.
BS
So what's the fear campaign today 😂. You all been saying this for as long as I can remember😂 I love all of humanity 🙏💕 if anyone is putting you into a state of fear they are trying to control you.
The Papnimals & Nature are suffering
It took wealthy people, the top 1% of the 1% to save the California Redwood forest. They bought the land and didn’t allow logging. Then got it made into a national forest. It’s going to take the wealthy to say, I’m buying the Amazon, I’m buy this and that. And you will be shot, killed or arrested on my property.
If you want wild, stay away from people.
😂😂😂 The entire world population could fit in Australia at 1000 ppl per sq. Kilometer 💯
Humans have yet to accept the fact of their fragility and insignificance, we strive to dominate each other and even go so far as to think we can change the course of nature. The earth's evolutionary cycle will continue whether we're here or not and like all living things we all have a date stamp. Enjoy your short stay, live and let live.
Wow!  Population has more than doubled in 50 years.  Samon is being wiped out in 30 years.  Wildlife is collapsing almost 70% in the last 50 yrs.  I've noticed a decrease in birds in the air since being a kid over 60 yrs. ago.  Looks like Putin is working on a solution to limit the population to at least 1/3 within a few years. Well go back to fighting with rocks & shin bones.  Bye.
america is wide open with open land ...just fly over it and look
6 min in she states ,I see it in my mind.The loss of water ,well its soaked today .
I spend alot on bird feed and peanuts and squirrel food,I have blue Jay's, doves ,finches ,and even a hawk the other day landed for a look,I built a table with an umbrella just for the birds and at times there are 6 doves and 2 dozen other birds ,and I use no pesticides in the yard ,so if the world is ending as they say at least thes birds are happy ,like those billionaires on the 300 ft Yachts and private jets and huge mansions.Maybe they made a mistake moving all the factories to China, they were riding bicycles ,now the huge population has acquired cars .Do these things all just happen by accident.How about inflation, and bank crashes ,more accidents as the CEOs pay theirself 30 million a year,and not a word if that's sustainable.
We most change our way or we would not survive.
People world wide should only be allowed to have 1 kid, it’s all about population.
The entire earths human population could stand shoulder to shoulder within the city limits of Jacksonville, FL about one and a half times. Think about that for a second.
Half of the over population is the Catholic Church, telling their followers to have a big family!
What a bunch of lies. The Earth is dying because they are introducing to much poison through Chem-trails. Everything is poisoned the earth, the water and the air. Ergo - the mass die-offs of animals.
Off the oil barron oligarchy that is destroying the planet for more money .
End of days is what is happening,  Jesus  is  coming  soon. The Bible  is  telling us  why.
Yes just got to look at the blob of seaweed and aluminum snow, to know we have really gone pass the line of no return. Humans have little time left.
Your thoughts on the current controlled EXTRATERRESTRIAL reality disclosure process and related US GOV cover-up? Once the uneasy, contagious giggling subsides, how will our civilization and the deceived sheep adapt to this publicly known reality? Are the good Shepherds withholding the truth in our best interest? What might be some of the potential implications of disclosure of this reality? New energy sources perhaps? Transportation? Religions? History? The economy? Race relations? Politics?    Perhaps it leads to confirmation of an established "secret" space program? But does the flock really want to know the complete story?
So we are on the brink of the great filter🫡
Never
My guy really just said they not built like that.
Mass extinctions brought on by extreme vulcanism or asteroids. Possibly by magnetic shifts.  We've gained 5 million square miles of arctic ice in the past couple of years. The earth is greener than it was 100 years ago. Co2 is in the range of 450 ppm while it could be as high as 1100 ppm and we'd be fine. Under 150 ppm plant life dies. Guess which extreme we are closer to.
I tried to tell people this years ago, and they called me crazy. Said I didn't know what I was talking about. Well now, who's crazy now? It's going to take at least half the population to go before we can sustain any type of life. Even after, it will be needed to be repeated as long as there is no other place to go. What catastrophic event will be needed, World War, and throwing people at it continuously. That's if we don't destroy ourselves in the process.
Do people actually believe this BS
The government is eventually going to "thin out the herd" ... hopefully they start with right-wingers.
Can you please show me a legitimate site to confirm this?
Fake news scare mongels love love love peace peace peace 😁😁😁
The problem isn't a shitload of people, the problem is greed and the lust for power.  EVERYTHING GETS DISREGARDED ONCE PROFITS ARE OVER PEOPLE
You must stop the land investors who abuse the laws to force you to sell your farm or risk your home being condemned and them taking it for eminent domain.
This entire story is propaganda. The world's experts have debunked this entire narrative. We are not over populated and we have more than enough resources. What we don't have is the ability to keep making billionaires richer and continue to funnel our resources to be wasted by the rich
Then why are you making abortions illegal. There have never been to many people for this earth.
What a load of Far Right Conspiracy considering it is uncontrolled unregulated HUMAN activity creating the majority of these issues
Greenies took the profit out of it!
Crackpots!
It’s falling on deaf ears.
“🎼...This overcrowded land,how much more abuse from man can she stand...”🎼 ..Marvin Gaye
Armando Briones exemplifies the connection to land and community that has been lost or never known by many of us. We'd view our own utilization of resources differently if we embodied such connection. There is no easy solution but an experiment in creating land connections in communities would be interesting. I miss the nightly falling stars that were so easy to see as a child and the mass of fireflies.
Unfortunately its going to take massive death and suffering before humans will change their ways, but then its already too late. The rich billionaires wont be able to escape into space, at least not yet. So whats it going to be folks? Are we going to make silly dance videos to entertain ourselves, or are we going to save our species?
👽.....
Paul Ehrlich has been treated by many people, including CNN, as an expert on the impending collapse of human society and the mass extinction of the human race, but every single prediction this man has made since the TVs only came in black and white has been completely and utterly wrong. Not once has he been right on one of his mass extinction theories. But he tells environmentalists what they want to hear, and allows their cult to continue to rake in the cash.
What happened to the guy at the end that used to b🤬tch about everything in that politely Grandpa tone?      I know what reality is I don't want that. Somebody tell me he retired to a farm to play with other old grumpy commentators.
they sell fake salmon now lol and lie to everyone
🤔🤭🧐😂
Well sorry you scientist are wrong and full of bs
Wow that's funny when I was in school we was going back into a ice age then they said by 2000 global warming would cause Florida and California to  be under water. Follow the money and you'll see why the scientists dream up dooms day to keep that money rolling in for the study. If we are in code red why are the politicians flying all over burning MILLIONS of gallons of jet fuel???? Scientists need to look at history the earth goes through heating and cooling periods. Maybe the fishermen have way over fished the oceans   for the mighty ole dollar... scientists have gotten the climate perdition wrong all my life. Maybe code red Joe should stop flying home every weekend to help save the planet but you know that won't happen.Wake America   they create dooms day to control you stop being sheepo....
How about the decline in birth rates? The salmon was genetically modified, released in the wild, mated, and ended up eating each other. Facts . Look it up.
If Armando is so upset, why is he continuing to operate 5 fishing boats ? He is contributing to the problem.
WE ARE FKN DOOMED!
no wonder the fish are getting depleted mate
Democrats policies are endangering the planet.
The ppl that will be left are the ppl that absorb the sun light n convert it to usable energy. The planet will go back to the beginning. You ppl had ur chance!
Earth is under human pressure.  Earth is in danger. What do people do? People are busy doing wars these days.
Commercial over fishing and dragging is the problem, but media doesn’t talk about it
here we go lemmme guess... the problem is me using too much gas and muh carbon footprint..... blah blah blah
They just stated California running out of water. Funny how nature has just replenished it all by itself.
I say it's to late to save anything, everything is going to get worse. No matter what you, humanity is a greedy species.always want, want,want,want,want until there's nothing left. Then it will be dog eat dog. Only the savage will survive.
Stop!  Digging for petroleum in the sea.  Stop!  Using sand for construction.  Stop cutting the trees for the wood.  Stop!  Breaking rocks for the steel. Miners look to become rich from what earth produces for our own survival…
What caused the five other extinctions? Not fossil fuel.
Well first of all quit allowing countries like China to keep producing crap that we don't need. We send production fo things to China, India and Bangladesh where they have low environmental standards and dump the waist into the water. It starts by holding the countries that produce the goods to the standards of the country these are being sold in. Then the cost would be just as high as in the countries that buy all the crap which in return would create jobs that are much needed and keep us out of getting to dependent on other countries to produce what we need which in the end gives them power. I hope that by spreading the word through my new song You Can SMC that people will stop and think for a second.
He's doing better than any 90 yr old I've ever seen
MASS EXTINCTION IS A LIE
The men who tear down God's land to make fortune for himself will be judged.   This is God's timing. I'm pleading with you to ask God to give you wisdom of the bible and you'll understand more clearly, that all of this is written, everything that is happening is in the bible. Repent and turn to Jesus 🤍 there will come a time when it is too late. Jesus is knocking at the door of your heart,you can feel it. All you have to do is let him in.   And like I mentioned before, those who tear down this beautiful land will be judged by God and will pay for their crimes. God is a fair God 🤍  Revelations 11:18 The nations raged, but your wrath came, and the time for the dead to be judged, and for rewarding your servants, the prophets and saints, and those who fear your name, both small and great, and for destroying the destroyers of the earth.”
You should cover H.A.R.P. and the patents for weather modification in the U.S.   Geo-Engineering and weather modification has been going on for a long time now.Some would even argue that the sudden destructive change in the weather,could be due to a ongoing classified military program.
This is all a lie, this earth have so much land and untapped resources you will be mind blown. Trust me this is all a part of the depopulation agenda. This confirms the elites and Uber wealthy don’t want us here.
It's sucks when you know this and but it makes you appreciate everyday you live people these days only care about how the look online and live everyday as if none of this is happening
Ever since Exxon Mobil came to my country to take oil out of the ground, there has been a push for more infrastructure development across the country. I suspect that this resulted in the removal of certain trees that once housed the huge flocks of parrots that would travel along a true North line to visit them for their fruit, flying over my house each day in both directions. I no longer see or hear them. The fishermen who go out at sea no longer report the catches they once used to and are forced to bribe our neighboring country to use their fishing licenses. It hasn't been going well. Meanwhile, our politicians embrace the construction of malls and hotels to cater for the influx of foreign nationals coming to do business in the oil sector. They claim it's going to lift us out of poverty but yet I see no real increase in our productivity, our farms, our renewables, I just see more supermarkets, car imports and suburban housing each day. There isn't real political will anywhere, and the poorer, more dominated countries like mine are having to face the full brunt of this dilemma.
Electric cars will go down the path of the beloved Dodo bird.
Breed Beas  Please they polinate the flowers in the jungle
Agenda 21
There is no climate problem. Pollution yes.  Stop the fear mongering
World population control is the answer
I cant belive anthing these people say.
I wouldn't hold my breath. These clowns have been dead wrong on everything.
First is to cull billion chingtongs who are absolutely useless and destructive and we'll wait for the next round of dialogue.
We have been on the precipice of self destruction too long now. The solution is dead as countries grow and environmental damages are irreversible.  It's too late.
I love how 60 Mins shows pictures of indigenous people while the greed of corporate amerikkka and around the world 🌍 has mostly caused this problem!
Scam
GO space x
On long road trips you had to scrape off all the dead bugs at each gas station.  Now a year of travel isn't even close.
trust me : it is us that will undergo mass extinction ! the love and respect for moste is gone  just gone ! - thats the change ppl need to make !
Mass genocide, compliments of the speakers at the World Economic Forum & the puppet leaders strings being pulled by the puppeteers, the entities that really run this works and hate us all.
Grizzly bears in California were killed by humans, not by global warming/climate change/deforestation. & They did it so them Grizzly Bears wouldn’t rip apart yuppies like y’all 😂😂😂
More rhetoric... Trump 2024
LIES. Explain to me how we have more deserts that turn into oasis i.e Saudi Arabia, Israel, and California! Do you think China will go green? Think again.
The green revolution failed, I wrote aboot it in comp got a big fat A+  Also it’s still failing very visibly especially if you ask the European Union
Yup
Once the nukes start flying it’ll be the 7th mass extinction
so many lies and misinfo in just the inroduction
Did someone mention plastic yet?
Oooh this is his ice cream
That was hilarious
It's all done on purpose for world war 3. How can u make an obedient race across the world 🌎 while they know history. Erase them all, and restart a new, in your own image. That's what the elites have been planning.
4:44 ?
With vaccines and chemtrails... I can understand.
They're no possible solution when the trees are getting cut down at exponential rates and even if we were to plant 100,000,000 trees tomorrow,  they would grow exponentially slower than the ALREADY dying and foraged/ravaged forests in any ecosystem on earth.
So in other words war and genocide are a good thing? Lol smdh
BS. The earth is actually outpacing population growth in food and resource production.
60 minutes is no longer a valid source of news...I can’t believe anything they post because of their political bias...I used to love 60 minutes until I found out how they are so politically bias...60 minutes should be ashamed
we don't know how to manage our waste. we produce to much garbage as in products made not to last that quickly become more waste. our waste is a massive resource. we have to garden the earth and we don't do that we destroy it.,
This makes me so depressed.
I hate salmon. But love most all seafoods. Shellfish especially. We know what to do, but people are greedy and think they’ll die off without dams and poisons. Hope are planet reacts soon. Nice thing is, the planet will heal. People suck for the biggest part.
We need a mass die off!
Is smell Thunbergshit 🤔
Mother Earth has sustained us for millions of years. And the ones that are killing Mother earth are the greedy ones . Like Coca Cola leaving people in Mexico without water.
Thats bs
Round up the pollenator's, regulate everything into a GMO, with one seed die-off genetics to secure seed sales bi-yearly, and yeah, you can make it seem so. There's a fake crisis for sure. Saying billions of people live on our planet and animals are being crowded out is a convenient phrase, but truth is we have enough land area in Texas alone to hold half the world's people comfortably. We own those land areas within the maps, but there are ecosystems completely uneffected in those regions. You use the technical boundaries of the maps to sound sinister to stupid audiences, or so you believe.  Volcanoes are in charge of climate change, no one denies it happens, we deny it happens like Al Gore says it does and the actual driving mechanics, consensus, is pushing like its fact and not communist propaganda to drive reset aspirations.  This communist eco-scarecrow is just a control tactic to gain authority to own the resources. They'll revert to what China does right now globally in a decade, if given reigns to control us globally.  We regulate in the Deep South, the radicals in California destroy and set fires to push the we're doomed and destructive agenda for Marxism. While getting fire relief money and insurance payments. The Marxist hubs of Washington and Oregon join in every year to push the climate crisis agenda, but Alabama is green and flourishing with its neighbors in the old regulatory conservation methods that work perpetually, indefinitely.  Its all joined at the hip, and it's all lies.  A huge spot appeared in the early spectrometry scans of Earth over North America. In that infant age of science, they labeled it greenhouse pollution on sight to panic us then. Following your main idiot's literature here on this cast.  It was determined after analysis to be pure oxygen. Our crops every year renew the atmosphere even more than the rainforests. We are the biggest global producer of oxygen and alarmist insanity isn't new or a passing fad.  Climate freaks, will giddily point to California getting an amount of snow it hasn't seen in a hundred years like its human impact today causing it. Missing the obvious oxymoron of, "as much snow as it had a hundred years ago". Climate models are engineered to be in disaster based on no corrective processes within Earth's ecosphere.  In truth there are cycle's of change in climactic conditions that have little to do with mankind. As the 1995 hole in the ozone scare was found to have self-repaired by 2015.  The super volcanoes spew out tons of aerosol particulates. The things they say our deodorant puts in the atmosphere. Our output is like 2% verses 86% volcano per year or decade. We aren't driving or impacting anything significantly, so the only reason to bring it up is to panic free society into willful capitulation for manager oversight.  i.e. Communism, as much as it cliams to be against management, we saw in Cuba and other psedo-capitalistic nations like China, this is a complete and utter lie. Every aspect of life is controlled and monitored with regulatory limiters.   Nothing in nature is broken. The processes are just in transition and the cycle goes on. Animals dying out aren't a moral crisis, people's populations being labled the cause is the only unethical immoral undertaking, when the elite who want control are to blame.  Sea levels rise and fall but coastal inundation most often is caused by sand dredging for gold, and other resources and for the cement industry. They suck out tons of sand per day off of coastal shelf's and then the coastline begins to sink as it falls into the lows created in that action. Mostly around islands who have been raped by industry due to rights violations by developing nations in their regions. Wind blown sand is not suitable for cement so only sea sand is rough enough to do the bonding process, and any thinking person can see that it takes millions of tons just to make one stadium, let alone a city. So there is a human impact, but it's corporate and they want you to turn over everything to them so they can manage it. No thanks.  You're all naive at best, complacent at an incompetent level if innocent, or are active in the conspiracy to missdirect, cover up data and lie. Because you're a corporate paid mouth, or a communist supporter.  Take climate and extinction and shove it up your corporate bums, and blame your horrible wildlife management practices in fanatic area's and your industrial oversight for any issues you blame on the public at large.  We aren't to blame, you idiot's are!
I'm worried that all the Current rain in California happening currently could have some effect to induce a Earthquake.  Water loosens the Ground and all that snow that will melt and water that will flow ..I hope I'm wrong.
60 minutes Thank you all for Showing this to Humanity ...❤💗🌎🌍🌞 I know I'm Deep with my Approach it's been Hurting knowing this as the Scientists have known as I knew this before many even knew these Event's taking place ...The main Reason it's always been said the Root of Evil is Money. Money in so many ways equals Destruction to the Earth .. Many overindulge .
Gerardo thank you so much my friend 💖🌞💗🥰🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏
western society is completely alienated.  over consumption with huge egos
Armando I'm right here with you with your Tears my friend...I don't wanna Believe it like you do as well my friend but it's the Leader's around in Power who also make so many decisions to Alter the Earth ..Last time I checked God Created this Master piece and These Leader's are Definitely not in Charge of God's Earth. I Believe Some of the Bible has been Re written cause when Hear people saying God said to have a lot of Offspring..I know for a Fact God wouldn't say that or Do that cause look where we are from Over population... Exactly.. Sounds to Me Demon's are Running this Earth in to the Ground .
I've been saying this for years  certain inventions that man kind has been inventing is going to be the Doom of us ..Sad but true ...I feel and know I'm the Magic man of this Life Believe me or not and I Definitely warned many minds and they just thought I have a illness. Yet I'm surrounded by a Illness directly in front of me .I agree the Earth will renew it self but who will survive the transition.
I've had so many Tears in my Eyes so many year's now cause I can feel it for some time now!!! Recently the last two months my Eye's have been Flowing like The Actual Heavens have been Currently to this day . 🌞
Thank you all Scientists for telling the Truth when So many say it's not happening..Bless you All Forever ..I'm 46 today ...And I felt this 20 years ago ...So many are Blind to this way of Destruction to the Earth..
Paul 💗💖🥰🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏🙏💖💗
I feel like the world is always changing, and has never been in a state of consistency. Species are going extinct daily, but new species are also being found daily. 18,000 new plant and animal species were found in just 2016, and that’s just what we can find. Id imagine it’s probably 10x more than what boots on the ground find. And also, you could place every human on the earth into the state of Texas, and each person would have more than 1300sqft of living space. So we are not overpopulated whatsoever. We just need to keep evolving, and coming up with new ways of doing things, like humans have done since inception. City living may not be sustainable for everyone.
We are to blind to see by money and sex which is 90% of people lives,,we have destroyed  more than 60% of vertebrates including many people, there is only  one planet and are very economical  driven society, is very wasteful, we make laws to control  society  yet corporations want to build  another  planet and waste  resources so sad we have allowed to paradise, any human beings out there left
Its not a mass Instinction. The people who run this world are depopulating us with viruses and wars.
95 % of life is in the seas    just a natural cycle in tune with magnetic pole excursion
I just learned that since I’ve been born, the death of the planet has accelerated at an unprecedented rate. How depressing…
These claims of natives are Europesns who have spread out over the world calling themselves natives of lands they have taken over and now have destroyed the same as they did to the Caledonian forest in Europe, now around the would, e.g. Spaniards, Jews, Brits, French, ect.-- Imposters!!
🇺🇸🌌🙌🙌🛌In the name of God let's save the lost America love 🌹 God is present
Revelation 11:18 being fulfilled. "Jehovah will bring to ruin those ruining the Earth".
There's to many people in the world but the rapture is very very soon!
This is why the elites want to reduce the worlds population.  Its not necessary how many humans there are, it’s how we live and what we eat. Most of the crops are to feed the livestock.   Either way, here shortly, a lot of us will die and the problem will be solved
6th mass extinction caused by corporate greed.
There are massive cities all over the world underground.  Stop it!  We could shelter the homeless and half the world's population underground.   Something to consider.
China
It's the world's middle class who  are in danger of becoming extinct!  I predict by 2050 they + Democracy itself  will be resigned to History 👀  ref: limit$ to growth
Need to turn the whole of Africa into a nature reserve. Start culling some of the other violent 3rd world nations, too.
@11:10 come back to this video in 20 years 😂😂😂
No political will because none of them believe the BS he's shoveling.
This is amazing propaganda.
natural selection. man cannot dictate results.
The planet will be fine...The people...are f*cked- George Carlin
70% of the population gots to go..... this covid was them testing before the real virus comes.
Is woke people one of them.
Knock down the dams and everything will come back
It happening because of electric cars we don’t have a big enough power grid
Elon musk has entered the chat room
It's called "Weather Control". All of the Ionospheric Heaters, NEXRAD Radar, SAI (Stratospheric Aerosol Injections), Satellites are all Patented to control weather. Remember Pres. LBJ saying that "He Who Controls the Weather, Controls the World"? I do. Do your own research. WAKE UP PEOPLE
You will find the true answers in the Holy Bible the word of Jesus Christ, Amen. True wisdom comes from Jesus Christ, Amen.
Viral all over Internet Media News, Corrupt  Representative Politicians  World is Fed up Around the  World  Demonitization, Deplatform  of The Demonic and Corrupt have become Toxic Investors Running away there is No stoping the avelanche all Investors of News, will be gone forever. While Allies and World see their Demise on live Tv  Wow all  Product and Stocks will be Dropped,  Dumped  Replaced Like Tea... CEO,s Gone Aressted.... woww.
2 more weeks?
Is it overpopulation or more of environmental destruction.
Stop over procreating. The whole "we're in a fertility crisis" logic is absolute ignorance,  sheer insanity. People having 4, 5, 6, 7 kids in this day & age, it's absolutely unconscionable. Use your heads & get on birth control.
There is no way to fix it. Our eco system is to far gone. We can't recover from extinction. That's a wrap. There is no coming back from it. So enjoy your 90 seconds left on the Dooms day clock! 🎉
This is not true! Big Corporations and greed is whats killing life on earth! Population control means just that,   CONTROL of a sustainable  manageable society!
We human have been getting so obsessed with technological advances that - if you really think about it - don't mean anything. I don't believe technology gives us happiness. Everybody is slowly realising the issues with social media, and the problems of being glued to your smartphone. What really matters are real human connections to friends and family and nature. The more we are distracted with social media, the less we realise that, and the less we raise our voices and demand change. Biodiversity gives us a sense of belonging, and a sense of home. I mean look around us. In every Western nation we managed to massively reduce (if not make extinct) every mammal that is larger than a mouse. The only animals we still see are rodents and birds. No one else can live around us.
Ok so what's killing these things?  Humans? Nature?  Both?  If Paul Ehrlich and his entourage live like native Americans did a thousand years ago, GO FOR IT!!!  I like sleeping on a bed that is NOT made of straw but used oil refined as plastic and cloth material grown or lab made and springs that were engineered and made using a foundry to have a finished product of a box spring and mattress.  I'll bet these quiche eaters live like me more so than native Americans did a thousand years ago.
175% that was enough for me to skip this video
Bravo!!!!! To mexico savilos!!!
Pollution, fukashima still leaking nucular waste dumping chemicals drained from china the U.S. and diff countries
Blame the parasites that have only been here on this planet 5000 to 6000 years. They're not original to the planet. #theNonMelinated  Corporate greed and wickedness is killing us along with the planet. The planet is fighting back and has reversed the magnetic polarity meaning The Sun sends downloads/flares to the planet which sustains all life but now sense the polarity has switched from the Sun to earth its earth to Sun. It's means, the planet has sent a distress call to the universe and Sun and the Sun is going to send a solar cleansing like the movie KNOWING. The elite and government knows thus which is why they've built underground cities and structures to sustain their lives.... #Soulless Return to nature and spread love throughout your lives and vibrate higher with the planet cuz its trying to raise its vibration to the 5th dimension and it will do so with or without you. WAKE UP!
It's to much undeveloped land for the world to be overpopulated. Don't believe the hype. Since 2022 there has been a 80%. Increase in death plus the decrease in childbirth. People perish from the lack of knowledge.
Fake propaganda
There’s plenty of open land. The problem with our population is we’re all being packed into tiny places while certain others purchase up all the livable land a million acres at a time. The overpopulation is only seen in the city. We all know this. So obviously this has an effect on wildlife all over. Stop taking your leisure flights and cruises. There are plenty of small steps we can take to change these things. People don’t grow food anymore, thousands  rely on one grocery store. They purchase import cars that consume so much fuel over every nautical mile of shipping, parts, delivery, all manufacturing coming from overseas beats on our large scale eco systems. Clearing out trees to build solar farms to stop fossil fuel usage?, where are we getting these panels from? How are they made? How do they get here? I drive a very small car to and from work and “I” have to make changes? Sorry, you can’t buy your way out of this with some carbon offset donation then fly around everyday in a private jet. That should tell all of you this is not going to change. It’s all to play with the stock market in order to corner it as they did 100 years ago.
Crazy to think about isn't it... we KNOW what we're doing yet we do it anyway. We have gained more than enough knowledge than necessary to understand what we are doing, how we are doing it, and what needs to be done to fix it and yet we can't stop... or won't. Guess it doesn't matter which, just sad.   I miss the thousands of fireflies we saw as kids in the 70s/80s most of all.
A GodLESS Planet IS an EXTINCT PLANET. This is JUST the beginning of the unfathomable consequences (at  the expense of an innocent fragile planet & its innocent fragile creatures) CAUSED BY HUMAN Deadly Sins of GREED AVARICE & ENVY. All we can do now is PENANCE PENANCE PENANCE & PRAY PRAY PRAY with MORE PENANCE. Lord Jesus God, I beg for your forgiveness of ALL MANKIND for we know not what we have done.   Mary Mother Of God, pray for us. LORD JESUS CHRIST Save us. FATHER GOD FORGIVE US.
Elon says we need more people, not lose people & scientists says they are bringing mammoths plus much more so I think we are good.
These guys think the population is too big. That's some Anti Human propaganda right there.
How can we give  Mother nature her Chair back ❤❤
So we're facing a mass extinction with over 3/4 of the species dying off....seems to me with a 69% die off of the animals according to this video and a 90% die off of insects already, according to other stand up sources, we're in the thick of extinction already. There is a circle of life in which each life form is necessary and needed for the proper functioning of the whole.....we're past the point of return....and nobody really cares because life for humans continues. Someday that will change in a hurry....just as it did in the past.... Humans creation of chemtrails has effectively poisoned the earth with toxic levels of aluminum which has been proven. Too much aluminum not only kills but causes major cognitive disfunction in the process.
Pigs get fat, hogs get slaughtered.  Humans are greedy.
Too many people. Let's have fewer. This message approved by Freddie Fred Vasectomy Party Candidate for Election
“On a scale not seen since the dinosaurs “ 😂
Which is why 1/3 of the people are STARVING, and the rest are paying huge $ for food and energy.  Good, people suck.
This is the result of colonist. It makes me feel so helpless. We knew how to live with the earth, colonizers commoditized it
Who pays you to be alarmed?
FUKUSHIMA IS STILL CONTAMINATING THE OCEAN. !!!!!!!!!!!!STOP LYING
At 90 years old that man has a better cognitive than I do at 25 lol
The dinosaur 🦖 died out 13000 years ago
There was only one mass extinction
———o|-< the solution 😂😂😂😂
Our world has been target of Lucifer in destroying with parasite biochipp control
You could fit the whole of the planets population in one state in america!! Trust me there is plenty room left for plenty more…
Humans are causing it lmao but we are the apex predator of earth.
They keep saying too many people as they want to push the agenda of the one world order and depopulation
Propaganda lies!!
This is a bunch of nonsense , humans have only been civilized for  2.7 million years compared to 100 to 500 million year ecosystems ,& hasn't the earth proven time & again that it could bring or keep certain species like alligators & crocodiles alive & robust for millenniums to come. 60 minutes is part of the State run media & fake news....
As it should
THERE ARE x3 MAJOR CONCERNS FOR THE PLANET 1.) Fences and Borders, adverse effect on wild animals and migration 2.) CFC's ... china, India, usa... 3.) Career Politicians.
At minute 5:28 it shows mass extinctions, but it is a stale graph from what was  stated. A graph of rate of change along side sheer #s of extinctions (derivative) will show how bad it really is in a short amount of time. And human destruction gets compared to a molten basaltic bubble bomb in the atmosphere. Throw in a CO2 graph while your at it... All in a row or in a column to correlate against each other.
Paul Erlik is wrong in that "Humanity is not self sustainable," because he is not talking into account catastrophes, ways, famines, disseases, and criminal acitivities. He is not even negative natalities.   As a Biologist I am ashamed of these "experts."
Well for one windmills and cell towers are helping anyting👍
Fear mongering nonsense
Prove it.
When GOD is removed from everything there is no hope. JESUS CHRIST will return and I look forward to that day. No more worry, sadness, and no more sin. People its time to read the bible, pray, and repent. Give your life to CHRIST.
Well Be Right Back After These Messages To Feed You More Bullsh*t
The carbon they are trying to eliminate is not just your car, your grassfed beef, your possessions - it's also you,  Look up Event 201.
12800
We have no reason to believe that there is a problem with over population. And, there is no such thing as  "We",  are destroying the planet. It's the demons running the world that are murdering the animals, plant lives, and human beings alike, by poisoning the earth, air and water; chopping out large areas of the rain forest and destroying the livelihood of those poor innocent people who live off the land around the world.   Maybe all living things would have a chance in this world; (maybe a couple centuries in the past) to prepare for the natural planetary shift, which is what is happening right now. The climate is constantly changing from the beginning of time, so I have no idea why they are calling it "climate change." People are waking up to the truth, and can clearly see for themselves that this is all a lie. The only problem we have is, globalist fearing that, they are about to lose control of the mass population, and wants to exterminate 90% of us off the face of the earth. Hence the reason for their depopulation agenda 2021 - 2025. I agree that places like China and India are reproducing at a rapid rate, however I do believe that, if those demons had spent some time on curving the rapid growth, rather than allowing the children to be born, and then try to exterminate them, is nothing less than complete evil!!!!!!!
Over in asia, its getting hotter in singapore, as reported in the news just today. we used to average about 30c or 31c in the afternoon. now its probably 35 to 36c in the hottest month. note that with 80% humidity here, the heat often feels like it is 40c indoors without the fan.
And the homeless street kids of India don't know where there next meal is coming from ????? What is 60 minutes going to do besides stir up your emotions ?
So what's the answer ???
Amazing work this man is doing in Latin America.
DI DI DI DI DI DI DI DI Zenith inf➡️ The Arkists are coming. The dynamic duo will have the last word and the last laugh.
Bout time. The earth needs cleansing
And yet we have politicians who still say global warming isnt true, and that's it's only been increasing from fossil fuels we've been forced to use for the past 100 years when our government knows all about electric-gravitics and free zero point energy but the Big Oil makes wayyyy too much money to allow that to happen and you can look it up yourselves the government/military or I should say the National Security Deep State is controlling patents that have been made by denying them the patents for "national security" reasons its seriously sad....and the majority of people are clueless about all this. Look up what happened to a man who discovered how to run vehicles on any type of water from rain, fresh, salt water it didnt matter and the vehicles wouldnt need constant work on it like vehicles do still. The Pentagon/military was very interested in it too.
Seems like nature really is God. And the world is alive and gets tired of the parasites.
Great…
Interesting story. I do find the ever increasing human population concerning, especially where there used to be land with grass, plants, and various animals that are now houses, malls, mini malls, and so on.....like what George Carlin was saying in his specials.  Side note: I have a garden with milkweed for the Monarch Butterflies/caterpillars as well as the Queen Butterflies/caterpillars that also eat milkweed in order to get to the butterfly stage. I actually released 274 Monarch Butterflies this past year down here in north Texas. As they were heading down south, butterflies just came in and started to lay egg after egg after egg by September and October of this past year on my milkweed. (Yes that's a lot of butterflies, but if they land on my milkweed, I take them in.)
The thing about the human civilization is that not every country is doing as well as the other ones are. The poorer and more undeveloped countries that are still highly dependent on the labor of having multiple kids to help them survive is still the vast majority of our world society. There are still families out there still having over 10 kids normally in most places... not because they love having a big family, but because they need more laborers to help with everyday tasks; growing and cooking food, cleaning, working, etc.   Until we can develop the world fast enough to ensure everyone's survival and comfort, people will always continue having more kids to help them survive instead. This is the root of over-population, not enough space for the all the laborers people are giving birth to.
Too much consumption from a few, making life unsustainable for the majority.
As a nature photographer for more than a decade, and living in Uruguay , I see this as well.  I really wish presidents of our sub-developed countries, won't sell all our natural spaces to investors harvesting all the resources for money we never see...and I wish they would at least preserve some of our natural sources for our grandkids. For the record I'm 62, and I have seen all this changes . I can't even belive how quick they are! Take care of our plantet, in everyway you know. Our small contributions are also important.
The old saying from way back in the 1950's it something.   ONLY WHEN ALL THE OCEANS ARE DRY, FORESTS BURNED DOWN, GROUND DRIED UP AND BLOWN AWAY, WATER POLLUTED, FOOD GONE WILL YOU REALIZE THAT YOU CAN'T EAT MONEY
Hey guys add the willow project just adds to this
👀
is it humanity really human?
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
On March 11, 2011, a 9.1 earthquake caused a Tsunami which destroyed  4 nuclear reactors at Fukushima Japan, sending them into uncontrollable "China syndrome" melt downs.  The radiation has killed the food source for the indicator species, the Northwest salmon.  6th and final extinction level event,(ELE). Unless there is some way of sropping this hemorrhaging radiation we are slowly killing the earths inhabitants.  Make the best of it.
Imposible everything recycles..the air.water.what you eat.your body etc
This is all a lie the earth Is big enough for all the humanos now its just that people dont want to live from the earth
This is BS eugenistic propaganda! The Earth can easily sustain 30 billion of humans! GREED and corruption is what caused all of this disasters!
Anybody seen a bumblebee or dandelion lately?
scientifically speaking Nothing is come from space except light and heat What ever is there on Earth and its gravitational force ,..everything comes and disappear🤣afterwards also comes and disappear🤣 So how this will happen🤣 Mass🤦  five element's is controlling and balancing👌
Tuned off at five mins....rubbish
Fukushima truth never told,
Human created climate control, there is an underpopulation according to musk.
We never were to smart about this stuff taking care of the earth
This is why
Capitalism...
Esau is the end of this world and we got next Jacob is the beginning there after. Thank God this is almost over a bad dream.   🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉🎉
It’ll all be over soon.
Stop spreading fear!  Grow your food!  They want any and every reason to raise your taxes!!! The worlds population could all fit in Texas.
Why does co2 reflect back the heat radiation leaving the earth into space, but does not do the same for the heat radiation coming from space?
So what! I'm ok with it. People are stupid and disgusting. We deserve to go the way of the dinosaurs.  I'm just sorry that the scientists who believe this are wrong. Global warming is a trick to take away your money and your freedom. Believe me, I really do want human extinction.
Flood the earth ourselves it will keep the earth cooler and keep it spinning in the direction it is now. Flood the dry parts of earth or the planet will do it itself. We pump oil across the planet we can move ocean water to dry places as evaporation creates rain that is moved by the wi d
I wish the world would get on board with flooding the dry parts of the planet with ocean water to lubricate the dry plates under the earth.
Greta plis hulp😢
Wait until American democrats, the greatest threat to us all, are finished with planet Earth. There will be nothing left.
Sit down kids and listen it's story telling time. We have pictures to go with it.
We should focus on the magnetic poles shifting, Not random trash!
What loss of water is she talking about. It's been wet in Cali all year.
Who cares
Hopefully nature recovers after we perish.
This planet has survived far worse than humanity. It will survive when we are gone also.
Repopulation is at the lowest its been
Well I'm driving a semi truck, been drove through Kentucky and Tennessee,  and I can tell you that these 2 states are loosing water, and I mean their lakes are disappearing, and I mean lots of it is gone, and we can't live without a water
Ok FIRST OF ALL .. It's not overpopulation, it's greed and pollution, AND CENTRALIZED FOOS SYSTEMS. GET IT RIGHT!!! 👏 👏 👏
Mother Nature is going to swallow the 1%, this is PROPHECY!
the best thing humans can do to combat sprawl is to license humans birth
When you fly on an airplane look down through the window and watch this nonsense again
Parts of the world will be facing starvation due to the lack of fertilizer and pot ash and how we farm toxic We’ve destroyed so much
All lies..
We don't have a population problem, we have a capitalist problem. Most of the GHG pollution comes from 25 fossil fuel corporations, the richest 1% produces more GHG emissions than the poorest 3.5 billion combined, and the US military is the greatest institutional contributor of GHG's. So, it's a small group of people focused on profit and war that is driving the species extinction, not all people. This is pure Malthusian propaganda!
The absolute biggest lie you’ve ever been told about the earth’s population of people, we all would fit in New York on one floor. That’s how much people there are on earth.
People...ITS ALL IN THE BIBLE... Everything about it has come true SO FAR...
FALSE! 4:41 Humans have not taken 70% of the land. Majority is owned by a few people, don’t jumble us into the 70%. It is greed that is causing this!
Malthusian inspired bovine scatology.
White people killed us all by depleting life and resources
We need Eugenics
That’s why it’s creating illnesses to get rid of us.
Well it doesn't help when animals are deliberately culled or given disease.
Then how is it that we still have a lot of Democrats still running around?
Don't worry. Biodiversity and ecosystems will recover in a few million years. That's a blink of an eye, geologically.
You reap what you sow
Sad but true 🌎😔
Mankind will never grow to big for earth but man’s rule over earth will come in 2054
Maybe stop spraying everything with chemicals you satanic leftists
Iit very useful video
MA$$ Extinction!... Gotta love the FAL$E FLAG Entertainment!!!
Let's not try to use any fact based research and jump straight to the spectacle and doom and panic spreading tactics. This man has been making exaggerated predictions since the late 60's and has refused to acknowledge any errors on his part. He's always believed that the "problem" is too far gone and that the only way to deal with the situation is in such ways as the government stepping in and starving whole countries that refused to implement population control measures. Even Marxists worried that Ehrlich's is dangerous. Meanwhile… Reports are coming in that an extreme deadly Snake Flu is sweeping across the planet faster than anything ever seen. Everyone quick! Let's burn down every Rainforest before it's too late. DON'T THINK ABOUT IT JUST DO IT! DO IT NOW!!! AHHHH!!!!
Deep!
Maybe the issue is that humans are naive. We’re so concerned about ourselves and where our future generations will live. Whether it’s comfortably or in a harsh environment that we created but didn’t care to change, we obsess over our place in the world. The world doesn’t care if we live. The world will survive without us in it.
It’s not the people, it’s the rich. Species are not going extinct Because of population, it’s because of factory farming, which isn’t necessary. BILLIONAIRES ARE THE CAUSE OF MASS EXTINCTION
Yeah right, China been lying about population since forever. They don’t have a billion alive people in China.
Place I grew up in used to be orchards, now it’s Apple and google buildings.
However currently its is still about the job the phone the car the wife the house the children saving for retirement.  🤯straight insanity.
Sabine once again back is the incredible! Ur amazing ur voice is so soothing I'm getting attacked from all sides the people that say they love me want to mock , accuse and gossip I know the Lord is exposing them and I get mad the kid gloves for these people come off I'm getting attacked by the father of lies and he doesn't play so is the prince of peace message applicable in this late hour when his messages r hard and scary I cannot be that way in defense of myself and Jesus ! I'm reminded of Jesus flipping the tables over in the temple but I just keep brow beating them with scripture untill they submit and they do but then they want to end any relationship then I feel bad and it breaks my heart especially when someone I care about believes she knows Jesus but never quotes scripture or attempts to tell anyone about him but they r relentless in Thier attacks on me why can't I be relentless on them Thier just isn't anytime left They may make me backslide and did but the Lord grabbed me and pulled me back as I watched the ones I love slip away! Do u or anybody have any advice for me my heart's breaking it's very bittersweet for me but I believe what I am experiencing is the burden Christ has to bear to have to tell his children I never knew u even though I would never claim to know his pain I might be experiencing a mustard seed of it!
In his book, The Population Bomb, a study of population pressure, Ehrlich was correct.  The book was simultaneously sacrosanct and ubiquitous on the political Left, in the late 60s, early 70s.  At some point, the Left realized that his studies demonstrated that homosexuality and socialism are precursors to the catastrophic purge, inevitable with unchecked growth of any mammalian population, so to conceal to the extent possible, the book was ignored.  The perpetrators of the purge, in hopes that in the wake of such, they will be in charge… then began to promote socialism, homosexuality and other iterations of sexual abnormality and dysfunction, knowing that such dysfunction would inevitably, like a virus, spread throughout society.  If you’d like to read the plan developed to precipitate this, look no farther than what has become k own as the Cloward / Piven Strategy.  Read it for yourself and see if it doesn’t feel like prophecy.
Its better for everything else If we extinct.
Why is this such a surprise? Every resource we consume has always been on this planet. It doesn't just magically appear from nowhere. Besides the sun there's no other energy source and it will certainly end some day.
Less babies. There is no need to have more than two babies.
People used to farm just to support their community.  Now it's all about making lots of money.
4:48 this is such a sad image, rhinos with a city in the background... This should never be a thing. Humans suck, and people want to just keep having more and more kids. You don't need 18 kids that's not God gifting you,  that's them being selfish and taking from god and all the animals and wild life he also created.   I'm not religious I brought god up because that's always their argument god gifting me these babies... no use a condom ...!!!!
Hi all.....deary me what a mess we have made........I am in the UK & it's not good.....too many people....wild life is collapsing....it's becoming very silent...wild life has been decimated....pushed into ever declining pockets of land which as far as I can see can't support them....we have Badgers just about everywhere curled up dead at the side of roads ...I guess stress kills them as they are freaked out by the car.....only thing you can hear & taste now is the car....all this "stuff" we have that makes modern living is killing everything....I can't get my head around how ugly it is ...about 10 yrs ago I realised that I needed to stop..I can't be part of  the madness of humanity...I felt I needed to change my wants & desires...I want to stop as much as I can the harm I do to to the planet....to say sorry to Mother Earth..to feel the pain she is feeling..I can live a simple life & be happy...but it looks to me like most humans don't give a damn...living in diddy land...well & truly fantasists ......when you stop doing what you were doing & get a chance to see whats happening you realise this human trip is almost over. I don't know if humans like each other any more...society is crumbling...aggression is growing....I know in my heart most of us are good people....but we are acting real dumb ! Love to all
sub-saharan development is literally killing us....where in the developed world, sub saharan's terroism is driving urban sprawl. oddly, climate change has been primarily caused by the fossil fuels used to transform once topsoil carbon sink into more starving methane emitters in sub-saharan africa.  oh sure, development seems to be the only way to figure out how many of them actually live in africa.....but is that really worth it?
The earth is fine. She'll recover easily.
why dont you charge us for listening too yas
any world organisation are liars
poleshift will smash us ,vax will finish us off
we are already reducing in numbers , could be gone in 70 years  wipeout  thank gates and drs for not knowing what changing mrna does
We deserve what we get,  just like all of the people who worry about the next I phone,  instead of the storm coming Thier way. Eat another cow, and feed your dog corn, and wonder.
The bears were killed because they were eating people!
The planet is a living organism and like any living organism it is programmed for survival. Our way of life is killing this planet and it will fight back.
Amazon, the company, should have two give a small percentage of every single sale to help the Amazon. considering Bozos stole the name he, owes the jungle.
I am 70 years old and have been involved with conservation since 17.  Humans have ignored what they have been doing to the planet and all that lives on it.  Time has run out..
I grew up in Cleveland and back in the 60's + 70's you rarely saw a deer outside of the surrounding metroparks. Today they're everywhere and coyotes are always increasing in numbers too.
I’m sorry I can’t watch this cause I’ve known this since I’ve been old enough to talk. I’ve been crying for the animals and hated developers and ended up marrying one today. But he kept core doors open and only develop 25% of a 75 acre place so he did it good but I can’t take it I can’t watch a program.
Blame the fossil fuel industry for once. Make them pay.
IF YOU LOVED MONEY. I'LL BE WAITING FOR YOU IN THE AFTERLIFE WITH A SWORD TO YOUR THROAT!
No one wants to address the real problem.  That is, the human population is out of control. We bred like rats who are over fertile.  Every species on earth has a limiting means of reproduction, by nature.  When a bad year limits the food supply for the deer population the "fertility rate" slows the deer population from ovulating.  Nature controls itself for the best interest of all living things except humans.  Humans control nature for their own population growth without any concern for the rest of nature.  Nature is just a big "feed box" for humans.  Over the last fifty years the biggest lie ever invented by man is the word "sustainable".  Every time man wants to do something regarding disturbing nature the word sustainable is spoken over and over by the promotors of the "ill advised" project.  Not once have they been correct.  The word has become a metaphor for placating us.  Years later we are shocked to learn the real truth.  They lied!  And do that every time.    So, eventually eating each other will be the new "sustainable".
Thank God I didn't have children!
Fact: Russia doesn’t allow people under 18 to learn about being gay, and they have a city nest Kazakhstan called Gay
Would fish every day eh good job
Brunhes-Maytuyama (GR) (780,000yrs)  Gothenburg (GE) (12,400yrs) The Younger Dryas (12,000yrs) immediately followed the Gothenburg Geomagnetic Excursion. The Earth heats up during Geomagnetic Excursion or Full Chron Geomagnetic Reversals due to the magnetosphre weakening letting in more solar and cosmic radiation and the increased pressure in the mantle and crust from magma being push out/up, super volcanos and volcanos will erupt en masse, from the core increasing in speed (dynamo effect), causing the magnetic poles to move or flip. This melts most or all of the ice/glaciers, causing global flooding to varying degrees, the crust and mantle will unlock, causing tsunamis, continents will shift. Then immediately following the Excursion/Reversal another immediate and sudden event glacial period/ice age like the Younger Dryas will occur. This is your great Climate Change and Mass Extinction cycles. Nothing can stop it. Everything in our Planet, Sol, Solar System, Galaxy, and Universe are on a clock of cycles, rhythms of waves. The Carrington Event triggered this current go round on September. 2, 1859. Birds falling from the sky, whales beaching themselves en masse. They use the Earth's magnetic field to navigate. You believe it's carbon emissions? Do you believe wet markets and injections are your doom and salvation? Keep trusting the experts. Ukraine seems to be going well, inflation is under control. This may seem like I'm rambling, the point is, do you believe what you're told, or do you trust yourself to look into the facts, and believe the truth, then hold on to it? Do you think there is enough room for everyone in the undermountain facilities where the leaders and scientists will go? Stop breeding we're killing mother Earth? Economic collapse and war is coming, famine, pestilence. Mass extinction before the mass extinction, that's why there are "Seed Vaults". You have been, and are being lied to with every breath. If their lullabies of lies sound more pleasing than the jarring truth? Then as you were. "And the train it won't stop going, No way to slow down"
Geomagnetic Reversal
It's always about a "paycheck for my family".  We make that a valid excuse to rape the earth of its resources.  Your paycheck is a few decades long.  Wildlife is thousands to millions of years  Which makes more sense to go extinct?
Its end Times
What a poorly made documentary.
So the only solution these people have is for people to believe that it's happening? I was hoping there would be some kind of a solution where somebody has a way for the planet to regain its life but nobody does
😭
You get in a plane and look down, all you see is vast land, for as far as the eyes can see, and further,  untouched by man. If man would stop polluting everything, and wild life was relocated, when they come in and tear down their habitats, and we had a President that would stop over populating our country, we would be fine. Just saying! But now the globalist want to depopulate us.
Governments are too busy thinking about war to care about this
Talk to the billionaires buying up and ruining nature. The greed is going to be the cause of our demise.
I for one think we as a species are past the point of no return. Humans would need to drastically alter our way of life in order to achieve a sustainable way of life for our entire planet. We still have highly intelligent people that deny that there's eve a problem. Then again I'm a pessimist and believe people as a whole suck. Either we will adapt and survive or the earth will adapt and eliminate the problem. That being us.
Make them stop geoengineering/chemtrailing the skies and life on earth would begin to recover
I saw a spider weaving it’s web for the first time in over a year…Texas. Crazy.
I've noticed there are not as many insects as when I was growing up. I  don't know the last time I saw a dragonfly. When I was younger every summer I stepped on a bee at least once. I miss those stings.
The planet is evil...all government is corrupt...greed and Satan rules the world
I'm not sad anymore because iv come to realize in my wokeness that people in their wokeness about stuff like this might realize just how sad they became and still find to excuse themselves from killing the Earth in their perfect world of being right about everything.
Jesus is King
Lol you are in for a rude awakening when Christ steps down.
Another propaganda to tell people to sacrifice themselves for the betterment of the earth. Agenda 2030. They’re preparing people for their death.
Life will continue, just as it did after past extinction events.  Maybe one day an intelligent species will arise and study the geologic record showing just what the human species did to cause this extinction.
What a bunch of propaganda.  They use scare tactics to convince you to stop having kids and stop living. They are in line with the world economic forum to control your way of life because they know better than you.  It’s about power not about extinction.
Maybe if you slow do an chinese over dishing all over the world you could slow that extinction down
11.41 India 😮😮😮
8.48 hi iam from from india 1000dollar= 82760 INR for per family
This is so untrue there’s so much room on our plain and plenty of resources except the powers that be have been Chem trailing and blowing up deadly gas trains and using weather warfare to change the course of storms and worst is their corporations and elites are the ones ruining the waters and sky’s o and buying up all the farms and ruining them then closing them or making them insect farms
Bots saying the same thing in the comments.
The world population increase is almost entirely from poor third world countries that have more than 2.1 births per women, which is the number of a stable population.    Its almost entirely from Black African and other muslim county that are the sole driving force behind population explosion.  They literally have children starving to death but continue to have kids despite being unable or unwilling to take care of the ones they have instead they have their hand out asking the world for donations for their starving child tugging at peoples heart strings.  Before a child starves to death the father should be the first to go, he shouldn’t eat anything unless his child has.
Why does the US approach climate change as a two party political idea? Since 1940, the world has grown from a population of 2 Billion, to a modern 8 Billion. Our actions affect the environment, whether we drive a Prius, or overfish a particular species.   At the time I am writing this, Los Angeles is experiencing a blizzard of warning, a few months after experiencing flooding. That same area has been experiencing devastating heat and wild fires. Texas has been experiencing record freezing events.
Don't believe it just like global warming.🤔
Wire it’s not that the human population is too much to sustain. Why don’t people look around and see how much property and land is not being used and it could be. It’s the fact that humans are destroying it faster than it can replenish. That’s the problem.
It is very apparent you know nothing about the Bible which has already Foretold what is going to happen to the population of planet earth. Starting with the up coming war recorded in Ezekiel chapters 38 an 39 Billions of people will die, mostly from starvation. I advise you to read the whole book of Revelations. The only way to excape the 7 years of Great Tribulation is by Obeying Acts 2:38,39 plan of salvation. And baptism is only in the Name of Jesus=Yeshua.
You people love the con
I agree with half this information.
We are suffering because these rich elites are greedy. Everything is based on greed. We need to stop greed. It's destroying everything. The nations need to stop fighting. We all need to get along. Stop being stupid
Sad😢
On extinction the rate is very low: 900 known lost species for 2.1 million known species in 500 years. At that frequency it will take over 930,000 years to reach 80% extinction of species experienced at the K-T boundary that saw the extinction of the dinosaurs.
The WWF and WEF and UN and WHO are all corrupt
We are killing ourselves.
Earth will survive, humans will not
Grow vegetables 😋
I'm happy restrictions are placed on over fishing
The planet will take back what we have taken from it in one way or another. It's basic evolution. We have technology to fight it, but in the end the planet will decide and will win.  We need to be put back in our natural place, or as close to it.  There will be massive death counts, but that's the same as any animals who get out of control and overwhelm available resources.  The planet and natural forces always decide these things through natural disasters, disease, impacts from asteroids, and massive geological events.  It's too late to stop it now but we should see it as a positive because the earth will return to a more natural state in time and the people left will lead a more simple life.
Yep
It’s not humanity, it’s corporations that are the problem
Amazing how callous some humans are about care of our one and only planet and care of the health of our one and only body. It’s sad. They will destroy everything without their ignorance.
LoL
Sorry, but humans have more important things to worry about. Like what pronouns we should use, and making sure that the guy who identifies as a platypus, doesn't get his feelings hurt.
ps ...the government of the world knew this 10 yrs  ago and have done nothing ...so is this so called climate change just another scam like covid 19 ?i surely smell a rat ......
all is well ....the covid vax will soon sort out the human problem .....and nature will return ...
Welcome to the Anthropocene, humans are massively changing the earth through deforestation and rapid global warming. Our species kills everything we touch. From Woolly Mammoths, to the Dodo Bird, to our own cousins the Neanderthals. And now potentially ourselves.
Brace yourself humankind for extinction!
Ellon musk says we are underpopulated
Bring them down to Florida dude start fishing other areas
Every person on earth can fit in Alaska with land each
STOP! STOP WITH THESE LIES, it's a POLARSHIFT!
I thought this was gonna be interesting. To my surprise it was stupid.
Have you ever flown across the country or continent? It’s almost all empty land. Do not get brainwashed into believing that we are running out of space.
"What we need to do" is realize that this is coming at a time that happens every 6,000 years as Earth and its entire solar system is passing through a "galactic sheet" that will desroy most of us and the other life living on Earth.  Interesting coincidence.  See "Suspicious Observers" on YouTube.
Oh those tears. I can FEEL them.  ;(
"In the 50 years since the book humanity is feasting on resources has tripled; we're already consuimgn 175% of what the Earth can regenerate and half of humanity live on less than $10 per day" Super BAD reporting here 60 Minutes ... when 120 Billion pounds of food per year go wasted (in the US alone); that's $400 billion dollars wassted and equal tro roughly 40% of food produced. Cut down on the waste and greed > spread the wealth around some. Let's not even get started on the wasteful agriculture preactices that go on in the US due to subsisdies and special intgerst groups and lobbying. Now expand that to the rest of the world. I guarantee that nations like China and Russia and N Korea and Iran where their citizenry is locked down are wasting money and food as well (those in power have money and food while they keep their citizens in poverty). India would also fit into this category > Nulcear weapons and Space Exploration but they can't feed their own population. TGhere is tons of room to make adjustments to feed eveyrone on Earth right now + maintain the environment + keep everyone out of poverty but the rich and powerful don;t give a f*ck about anyone but themselves. Let humanity die.
This is a city problem.
These people simply don’t know what they are talking about.  “Scientists” have been saying this for years and will continue to say it for the next few centuries as the population continues to grow with minor issues
Everyone is afraid of the same thing, losing our place to live, but few of us are doing much about it. People having too many kids, people wanting new things all the time, multiples of the same thing. We are knowing this to ourself. Greed is the root of evil.
Whichever way you look at it, this is all capitalism's fault. An unsustainable model focusing on growth. How can you grow when the resources are limited? We need to come up with a new economic model. Gen-Z and millenials, our biggest task is to save our species.
All governments need to start offering their male citizens a small sum of money as an incentive to get vasectomies before it’s too late. This problem will continue to get irreparably worse until the human population dramatically declines. There is no other solution
Meeting climate goals has to start with the United States. As a country we consume more per person than any other country on earth.
The world is on the brink of the biblical Great Tribulation! Luke 21:36 kjb
They are lying about the population numbers! They are using that for the excuse to bump us all off! Luke 21:36 KJV
I had to stop after 4 minutes. We as a species produce far more than we consume, driven by capatilistic greed over necessity. Your interviewing people that exploited the oceans for profit, not for survival. The only reason these greedy mfers want 6 more earth planets is so they can extract the resources for more profit.
its all planned Great Reset happens every now and then History is all lies Every reset comes with manipulated history that will be imbedded in the minds of the new civilization.
When he says "Humanity" he means White people.  It isn't the number of people. Its what white society created.  Thier culture is problematic.
The point that needs to be addressed-----and ISN'T being addressed-----is that the global population is many times over the capacity of the Earth to carry it. Too many people and too much consumption will bring everything to a halt. We are on a lifeboat with a passenger limit of 15. There are 80+ on board. And there are 5000 swimming our way, every one of them determined to get on board at no matter what the cost to others. *Fact.
I did a a thesis one populations and resources while I was in college a lot of my research went as far back as the ancient Egyptians one of the first ecologist because of the Nile and the area where they were at but the first ecologist was in  1700s MIT did research on that and says that this planet can only hold tops around 15 trillion people and that's if each family lived on a half an acre and they grew their own food and raise their own livestock like chickens and pigs things like horses cows would be obsolete you couldn't have them considering two-thirds of the planet is water it was interesting I'm a water well driller by trade retired.
Yes because of them. They are destroying the earth! Scripture says they will be destroyed as well.
More malthusian propaganda
Anyone who’s traveled the US or looked out a window in a plane knows there is way more open land than people and cities. In fact a study done showed if every person was placed in one area of the planet 75% of land mass would be vacant. This statement of overpopulation is very misleading. Maybe in crammed cities it’s an issue but it’s not a global issue at all.
Industrious humans are parasitical.  It is no secret that Europe has colonised most of the world, and it is by no coincidence we are now experiencing planetary degradation. My homeland has been destroyed..!  Earth will take care of us in her natural way.
We have no more grizzly bears in California not because of climate change, but because we actively hunted them to extinction. Those dead salmon you see in the rivers have spawned and that is why they are dead, it’s part of their life cycle. There is definitely species going into decline, not because the world is becoming in hospitable but because we are taking over the land and resources
Hogwash
Since 99.99% of everything that ever existed is extinct and extinction is the norm, what’s the big deal?
There is only ONE WAY this present world will end. You neglected to study that resourse and I  mean REALLY study, don't go by hearsay or rumors, get to the root of it.
That's why there's a lot of diseases around to try and Kull the population we human's are like a virus in a way we consume every thing
There is no government political will for it. They just busy breeding and collecting money through corruption. They are all going to heaven, they believe it.
Well, I am gonna spend all my saving for fun. Forget future.
The Sun determines Earth's climate, and extinctions.
The one main driver of this serious problem is over population. Too many people with their hunger for more and more material goods and being wasteful will be the end of most if not all living things. Paul Ehrlich said it best Modern Society are setting on a limb we are busily sawing off!  He also told another truth, Any that can count to 20 with having to take their shoe off know what going on and how we are grossly attributing to global warming and the lost of species. I am 61 years old and had no children plus I have been a kind to the earth's fauna and flora as I know how to be. Most of my adult life I have owned a native plant nursery growing over 1,000 species of our local flora and trying to educate the public to plant native species in their perspective landscapes for aiding wildlife. I hate to say it but I have given up. Modern countries including the US are on auto pilot and sleeping at the wheel. It was once said that most people are like zombies as they learn until they are out of school get together have kids buy house and go back and forth to work the rest of their lives and never learn any thing new. I say every day one doesn't learn something new they are dying a day faster. I have for most of my life picked up at least one if not 3 new skills every year. Wake up America! One only live once.
Bologna!
Strait up lie
A couple of key points missed but tightly coincide with this. -The sun drives our climate and weather, not man. The climate on all planets in our solar system have also been changing since the 80,s ne, nasa -the Bible clearly states that this will happen - our magnetic field is starting to fail as it moves from its position since early 1900's  - this is a 12,000yr cycle cataclysmic event - population has no effect on it, it is man's mismanagement that causes the strain on earth's resources  - money is not the answer. Global big business needs to stop pillaging and hiding behind cow farts.
Every country should pay the people royally to keep and manage bees 🐝
Thankfully around our area they’ve put in several conservation areas. We used to rabbit, quail, and pheasant hunt among others. Then the farmers decided they needed all the ground, and they disappeared.  Now I started seeing quail a few years ago, and saw some pheasant this year. But now the farmers are blocking their fields, and put in trailers to rent out for people to rent, and probably make them vanish around here again. It’s the same with 90% of our problems, GREED.
We’re gunna be fiiiiiiiiineeee
I'll be damned! The old MOVIE, "Soylent Green" is a PROPHECY!!!!  In 20 years we will be EATING OURSELVES!
“Why do you feel so attached to this?” One of the stupidest interview questions … ever being the top is mass extinction 🤷‍♀️
Global warming is a hoax
Funded by the elites
Until the TRIBES and the FEDS wake up and stop the net fishing it's only going to be worse. No grizzly bears in California? I wouldn't be so sure of that.
If people keep castrating themselves with cross sex, hormones… The population concern should fix itself within two or three generations.
It blows my mind that any of this is a surprise. Just in my County in Alabama since i was a kid ive seen thousands and thousands of  acres of woods and timber tracks be sold clear cut and subdivisuons go up. Then thousands more of farm land be sold and developed. I a country boy grew up in the woods. Most people have no idea how much wild life lives in each and every acre of woods and how important having them there is.
Instead of catching wild salmon why can't they just dig a pond and start farming their own fish.. Aquaculture
people who want to save the plante dont have as much money as those who dont care to save it...
Putting billions of tons of pesticides and plastic waste into the environment was a great idea.
Unseen since the dinosaurs huh? Then where did the other 4 go? 😆 people will believe anything they hear just as long as the person is on a screen and in a suit and tie. If the planet will be fine than how is it were gonna die? Were not, life will NEVER fully end on earth.
I wish it shared Sivalios donation link.
Cannabis farm's are good
BS
even growing up in the 90s/2000s, in the midwest, life seemed so much more fun and beautiful and just.. abundant. there were always so many birds, butterflies, bees and fireflies in the summer, and the winters were always beautiful too… now there’s barely any of those animals and barely any snow. it used to start snowing in november, and go all the way until february or even march.. now we’re lucky to let 2 snow days and they’re not even in december… it’s tragic to see these changes in my lifetime. i know the earth’s climate cycles all the time, but there’s also no denying the massive effect we’ve had on our planet.. there needs to be worldwide legislation towards reducing our footprint and our strain on our resources.
Population control NEEDS TO HAPPEN !!! every 2nd baby born needs to have a vasectomy, population growth needs to stop...
What needs to happen is all these millionaires and billionaires put a lot of their money into helping mother earth and mother nature because we need it now more than ever. That would help greatly, in my opinion.
Wait. I thought we were all supposed to be dead by now from the greenhouse effect and the oceans covering half of America. So said every science book in the 1980's. So much for that "science" huh? lol Thanks for the laughs.
O bull sh!?
As a young man, my wife and I kept putting off children until we felt we could afford it.  That time never came.  Meanwhile, In the last 35 yrs., I have watched the poorest Americans have the most children.  I don't mean by a little either.  I see unwed 25 year old females that have not earned a dime in their life have 4 kids or more.  Must be nice.
Ok so why don't you shoot the host and camera crew?  Oh, right.  Shut up then
Need to start using hemp instead of trees only takes months the grow instead of years and has so many uses
Best case scenario is the planet is habitable until 2070ish. A lot of scientists say 2050. Humans have tried to fix things and greedy business people who own politicians prevent any change from truly happening. We are all being held hostage by the ultra wealthy who's only interest is a bigger number in their arbitrary bank account.
Rrlich said over 50 years ago we wouldn't be here in 10 years. And then 10 years later he said the same, then 10 years later.......  He's a Quack.
Why do you think covid happened one election and two de population.
It's not overpopulation it's overconsumption for profit that's killing the planet. Oversized fishing nets. Overconsuming Amazon for the sake of Dove products when there are other options so that's the reason.
Growing up in north Texas, I remember there being many different insect and birds species in the spring, mainly praying mantis.  Now you can’t even tell it’s spring half the time, it goes from cold to hot in a week or two and most of the insects are mosquitoes
The men giving these warnings, making these bold statements, doing all the research, doing all the exploring and decision-making all have one thing in common. They are among the people doing this Earth the most harm! They are also the ones limiting our boundaries where we can peaceably live, grow our foods and watch our families develop. The same decision-makers are the ones that are shooting us down, killing the environment, poisoning our Waters and Food Supplies. These same people have the audacity to say something about population control! It is a shame! The Most High God is the answer to this dilemma.
Ok the salmon industry was destroyed when they allowed certain people to catch them when they were spawning. Do not call it anything else...
The "solution" has been around since the 70's as well. Its called The Venus Project by Jacque Fresco.
This is what I've been saying.  Earth will continue but not with us on it.  Humans are useless to the planet.
This is the main thing leading to a World War. Everyone is hopeful, even the despots, but reality is coming fast. Stay tuned, the food supply is starting to reach its peak.
😮
The earth isn’t going though anything, just our government that’s causing this crazy thing!
Yep
Okay buddy, who do you wanna get rid of? … this is so anti human.
C'mon people. Let's outlaw greed
Dnt worry the guys in charge have already begun the cull of humans via gene modification.
Wealthy donors help pay for keeping the Mexican wildlife reserve around, but bet not one of them comes from America!
..and we want to illegalize abortions ….. we need less people ! Enforced vasectomies are the only way to remove this problem.
poor fisherman can't fish anymore. boo hoo
Don't believe the lie about the people,  we have enough land for everyone. The government has to stop putting the toilet sewage  into our Ocean.  We vmcan turn this around. Fisrt stop killing the people.
That Jaguar was so beautiful.
Maybe we as a human species, deserve to go extinct. The earth would be better off without us destroying it.
If the world is experiencing an extinction event, it is 100% due to the globalists and their agenda.
If the Earth is experiencing an extinction event, it's 100% due to the globalists and their agenda.
Only God can save us from ourselves.  In the name of his Son, Jesus the Christ.
All these elderly scientists claiming there's too many people haven't figured out the easiest way to solve overpopulation. They should take the initiative......
Thanks for sharing the truth
More propaganda. And I remember when we all were going to be dead in 10 years back in the 80’s from a hole in the ozone. Well we are all still alive. The government has been playing this scare tactic over and over for a hundred plus years. The fear tactics never end.
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆😂
😂😆😂😆😂😆😂😆
WOW THIS IS SCARY 😨
The bugs in western Maryland are strong as ever-you cant ride a motorcycle at night by some of our corn fields in Frederick county MD without getting bombarded by plague waves of large flying insects of sorts
Yeah another reason I don’t agree with hunting fair enough if it’s survival but if it’s for fun then nahh that’s exactly what a psychopath would say I’m sure if they had more power they would turn it into a sport too it’s not normal to enjoy killing but that’s my opinion
I have to give the West a lot of credit for controlling their birth rates since the 1970. Now we need to get the rest of the world to stop breeding out of control.
If an asteroid comes then I hope it lands directly on my house while my family is inside it.. just saying...
This is just nonsense. People have to stop listening to these Globalists who are attempting Eugenics.
Climate change is humans over population and greed.
The hard truth is: humans r just a race of destroyers.
I am sick of all the inaction to curb human population growrh. There are other things more important than humans. STOP BREEDING. STOP HAVING BABIES. WE DON'T NEED THEM.  LEAVE SPACE FOR WILD PLANTS, CLEAN WATER,  ANIMALS AND CLEAN OCEANS.
very close to the end ! read matt 24 and luke 21 !
When the poles shift, it will reset. The Earth will be fine. The tidal waves will flatten mankind and all the tech leaving no traces. Of course we will be dead. But we don’t need to be worried about the Earth.
That was a lot of bs.
Hence why they poison everything and we have cancers, disease and sickness, mental illness etc. The very "medicine" mostly isn't what it claims to be. It ends up harming other area of the body. Stop spraying the skies that lands on food, water, in our meds and I'll believe they care about the planet.
We are not endangered - we're infected! CO2 is a problem? Causing climate warming? - Prove that CO2 is going up & creates that glas siling! BTW - did I know, that plants breathe CO2? What? Salmon is dying out? - Did I know, salmon IS dying out EVERY YEAR - after procreation act? What? - Rivers drying out? - It has nothing common with HAARP activity & chemtrails - wright?... Humanity is in danger? Humans causing mass extinction? - How we managed to survive last few hundreds of thousands of years than? "Global warming" caused by humans? - So it's not the SUN? - And citrons grew up in Greenland, because locals burned-out fireplaces there? Wise Up ppl!
Gun, germs, steel and greed. The world's most cruel imperialist civilizations and their beliefs have paved the way to our collective demise.
A virus destroys its host.
Vegetables require mass amounts of insecticide's Just for a carrot or lettuce & so on, Everything grown in the earth must be killed for us to eat unfortunately we are eating our own poison's.
Share this
Become self sufficient.. problem solved
NO... NWO to depopulate 🎭.. Bill Gates plan and Swabs Soros Rockefeller plan...tonstart with Africa first..they believe the poor doesn't contribute
I can get us to a bunch of planets if y’all let me
This is the product of overfishing our rivers and oceans.
SHARE, SHARE, ARE YOU AND YOUR CHILDREN READY
According to current science the Covid vaccine was also safe and effective.  Its going to take a while for the current “science” to be credible again.
Humans are the worst thing that happened to Planet earth..
Humans ruin everything 😡
Parasites exterminate themselves
That's what Bill Gates wants
Who doesn't know this ?
culling the  herd
Jesus Christ is coming again soon!! Hallelujah!
ITS ALWAYS THE OLD GUYS WHO ARE DEPRESSING.
ANY GOOD NEWS MATE.
Population Control
I grew up in Seattle in the seventies there's never been salmon south of Seattle. During my first job the boss had me dump three barrels of oil next to the bay, 12-years of school and they never told me oil and water don't mix well. When I went back there in 1995 I saw them jumping antifreeze that was obviously going to make its way straight into the sound. The great lakes is still virgin.
Overpopulation, partly brought on by political greed. Isn't that nice.
Well it's a good time to move our species onto other planets. We make sure we have sustainable numbers on each planet. We'll never run out of planets.
Don't believe this: extinction is not from population. It's from industry.
the sooner the planet kills off man the better
I would say that guy, whoever he is, is incorrect when says “ the planet will be fine”. Consider what will happen to the roughly 240 nuclear power plants scattered around the world when society collapses. As they melt down the world will be bathed in ionizing radiation which will blow away the ozone layer allowing solar radiation in as well. What species of life can you think of that can adapt?
Wtf are they talking about.  There is plenty of land and food for the animals.  They need more rain though in Africa and dessert areas . California is in need of water still I think
8 billions different meaning of Classless from their very 8 billions mouths..
As long as cows don't go extinct I'm good.
The book “The True Story of Adam and Eve” outlines the  real issue. This guy is right, but very wrong. There is nothing we can do about extinction!
What we need to do is  give piles of $$$ to Corrupt Politicians.
Humanity cannot survive the Excess & Corruption of the USGovernment.
Anyone else concerned that this guy's back-up plan is selling tacos out of a food truck and weed....
If I can be so bold frogs fish insects are still in abundance in Australia maybe it's the population  of the America's
🧢
Too many corporations not enough young people too many gluttons
Key word in that name is fund
In 1972, in Bogota, Colombia, the 3 pm school bell rang and thousands of schoolchildren streamed out of class. As the masses of kids came down the hill my father asked me, “Do you think there will be enough jobs for all those kids when they grow up?” The answer was obvious to me as a youngster. That was 50 years ago.
Mass extinction will happen because of an atomic bomb
We need to have the book "Silent Spring" mandatory reading in elementary school. Since 1970 the bird population has dropped almost a third and the amphibians I used to see here are all gone.  I have a friend who is a chemical engineer that said any vegetable or pollinator garden needs to be at least 20' away from lawn chemicals, as they cause asphyxiation and destroys nervous systems of pollinators and wildlife.  The National Wildlife Federation for one recognizes properties that promote conservation by providing food, shelter, water and  nesting for wildlife.  Provide for them and they will come, Anything from a simple birdhouse to a Serviceberry  shrub to a rain garden will make a huge difference. Wouldn't it be better to leave the world a better place than when we entered it?
It's a development issue.  Colonization is the leading cause.  And we can all sustain
So capitalism?
C19 was mother natures warning shot?
@60minutes re-airing this may be one of the best things you've done for your and the earth's children! THANK YOU for making this available to the children that inherited their parent's betrayal. Heaven help them.
We have already surpassed what the earth can sustain. Humans are now causing the extinction of other species. Species that OUR lives are dependant upon. Environmental Scientists need to stop cushioning the blow and start telling the brutal truth about what we've already caused and the real consequences of failure to change and who ultimately pays the price for our reckless, immature, self-serving behavior: OUR CHILDREN. Shame on ANYONE leaving behind fewer resources on this planet for their kids than the resources that existed on the planet when they were born into it. It's a shame 60 Minutes didn't find people who would be far more honest about the brutal truth. This isn't rocket science. It's very simple stuff. The earth is a finite space and bringing 1 more person into the space has far reaching consequences. Do the homework yourself. Look up the number of species who have died because YOU were born into this world. Look up the number of species because your parents were born into this world. Learn the facts and don't commit the sins of greed and narcissim your parents did. If you do have a child, teach them the facts about finite space and resources. If you've had too many children, it's not too late. Apologize to them and teach them what you've learned since making this mistake and ask them to plan together to help undo the crime you committed. Whatever you do, don't continue sticking your head in the sand. It will in fact be your children to pay for your sins.
More lies
The real question is are we going to be a casualty of this or not.  It’s already begun.  Take climate change away and with just the heavy metals, forever chemicals and micro plastics we are already seeing widespread poor gender differentiation across species.  Inevitably this leads to lower birth rates and when that rate gets below replacement level you are on the path that could lead to your extinction.  The human species is one of the many species being affected by this.  Poor gender differentiation is where the males of the species have become less male and the females of the species becomes less female.  Nests don’t get built, or if built they are built shoddily.  Sea Turtles are not burying their eggs in the sand deep enough and as a result only female sea turtles are hatching. There is no reason to expect that the human species will not be similarly affected.  Now we add climate change into this equation.  Global Climate Instability.  The hots are hotter and the colds are much colder and the swings between the two happen much faster.   Snow in July in Arizona is not off the table.  This ecosystem, when properly functioning, has a great resilience to solar radiation.  The Gulf Stream is a wonderful heat pump that doesn’t let the heat build up, it distributes it all over.  That’s somewhat changed now.  This will be the first mass extinction brought about on this planet by it’s own inhabitants.
Oh REALLY. Let me guess ...it's from something OTHER THAN the j@bb@d@bb@doo? Or all the  t@xingtoxsins they have put in food, @ir,  n H²0? Or D@rp@ we@ther disruption. Right??? I just cant!! I can't!! Oh and 70% of the land ...I call BS. YES we are all smothered together in areas over pop. and YES it is effecting the eco system, however there is PLENTY of land. I see their excuse for depop on the rise.
Humanity is sustainable. Africans have been sustaining their lands for the longest time. GREED is NOT sustainable.
Stoooopppp building.
Not really true..there are many ways to grow food in small spaces in expensively…there are a lot of these innovations in the New Jersey area. Community gardens would be super easy to implement.
Humans are going to continue to Reproduce. There is no stopping, You dont have to be a scientist to see where we are heading. . . Fewer Resources = Chaos leads to war leads to mass Extinction including the Plants and Animals around us. . . Doomsday
This is too sad to watch we’ve failed as the human race to protect our planet.
Praise God for all the evil  or not at all for that's all Yahweh does is evil
Plenty of grizzly bears in California.
I live in Lincoln, Christchurch, New Zealand and our biodiversity is being taken up by new housing subdivisions. Hundreds of houses are being built on land that should be used for farming. Local councils, such as the Selwyn District Council consistently allow this to happen with little regard for the loss of valuable top soil that has a significant impact on climate change.  With every house being built, a ton of dirt is stripped and carted away in diesel trucks that generate pollution. and noise. These new subdivisions do not offer the room for homeowners to grow their own vegetables , but rather push them to buy from local  American-style full-service supermarkets that charge excessive food prices.
I remember as a kid the car windscreen would be cover in insects.Even after a short journey.
worst invention ever    humans     h a ha ha ha
Its these governments and presidents doing this money is doing this
Hydroponics grow houses and lab meat 🍖 and chickens in our yards
"60 minutes" : Is actually 13 minutes
This is so important and no one gets it. Everything is about to change.
I’m a biology teacher, this is so sad, extinction is forever and we only have one planet, we all need to realize that this is real and if we keep ignoring it all of us will suffer. My students just finished learning about ecology. I’m going to show this in class. Life as we knew  it has changed because of covid and what we are doing to our planet.
If only we could make people believe. It would be great if we had some sort of elected representatives who could make it a point to spread the message about climate change and enact laws to protect the earth. We are called the democratic party! Unfortunately the other half of the aisle spends their time convincing their constituents that the scientists are wrong!!!
When will you admit that there is no overpopulation. It is Big corporations that are destroying the Forest and are polluting the waterways big corporations that are destroying nature is all about money is not too many people it is  to many people with money in Powerful positions.
Where’s the “alternative view”?  Each argument has two sides.  Where’s the other side???  I love nature, but this video is complete BS.  I have no idea how many people the Earth can sustain, but it’s a lot more than the current population of 9 billion.  We’re developing farming techniques that will allow the US to easily double the productivity of the land (GPS soil composition tracking, new GMOs, etc.).  And our current level of farming technology isn’t being used everywhere yet…  I don’t know how many people the Earth can sustain, but we’re not even close to maximum.  Will we have grizzly bears in our backyards??? Obviously not.  You’ll have swimming pools, tennis courts, shopping malls, etc.   Once “dinosaurs ruled the Earth”.  Today people do.
WORLDWIDE UNITY WILL SAVE EVERYTHING INCLUDING THE PLANET!!"
Why can't these countries like China, India, United States, etc. implement laws for people having children? Humanity is NOT sustainable and many people that live in poverty cannot even take care of their children as it is. Freedom is a right but overpopulation is a big issue for every living thing on this planet. We have to govern this, it's not killing people, it's preserving life essentially. Anyone who thinks this is a violation of human rights just doesn't see the big picture. We are killing the wildlife of this planet and we need to stop thinking that 1 human life is as important as a one or more species of fish or endangered animal. This conservation issue is what is wrong with global market priorities. We'll all lose everything because of mass extinctions.
I say there won't be many of (us) left by the middle of the 2030's. I'm glad as humans have destroyed nature now nature will destroy us.
We have the man power and technology to do just about anything, but we are too displaced unorganised and dependant on the system we all hate and know isn't working. Go rich companies 👏 that is the purpose of so many lives
ANOTHER FEAR CAMPAIN TACTIC,nice one
Is the Devil saving the Animals
Stop spraying aluminum in the sky that you see as chemtrails. They are covering the sun in the winter, polluting the earth. By 2 pm the sky is full of chemtrails. They are blocking the sunlight needed for plants and trees. Also in the summer the same chemtrails are heating up the earth. High aluminum levels found in rain and snow. They are spraying now for more than 20 years and pretend that it is normal. They are concerned about Samon but don't see the sky looking like a checkerboard from chemtrails and don't talk about it?
SMH people buy this stuff up so readily when there is science against this Country song IDEA that science tries to layout. First it was we are going to run out of oil, then in California we are going to run out of water, blah blah blah. There are excuses so that the wealth can guilt trip the average joe in compliance of how they want to run the world. While I do believe there is some truth to these things it can easily be solved by season economics. We dont need fruits all year long, we dont need beef all year long the world or regions need to get on board with seasonal dieting in the market place. This crap is just to propagandize to the public so cults like the WEF can take control of all aspects of individual freedoms.
Thanos was right..... too many of us! sad i will be gone before this world is DEAD. it will die because us humans are ME ME ME. most normal people could change , but the top 1% would not allow there quarterly profits dip for ANY REASON. RIP EARTH.  maybe a Blue Gender creation is needed ( some of you know this gem)
I’m in dallas if you go outside & breathe you will get sick…polluted
We are more likely to suffer from under population. United States has been below birth rate since the 70s. Country’s like Japan since 2010 have sold more adult diapers than baby diapers. The effects of Chinas one child policy now is that they will not have enough people to take essential jobs that keep infrastructure going. they are entering mass retirement. That will happen in probably 10 years. The population isn’t increasing because more people are being born, it’s because people are living longer. Population will drop when the largest generation begins to die off
I need to talk to somebody ASAP
Oh well.
Yolo at this point 🤷‍♂️
These safe havens are just a false positive. It’s inevitable they will seize to exist too
We need more CO2 in the atmosphere to bring life. And they convinced everyone it was destroying us.
*being sarcastic*  I hope there is no extiction of SUVs, big screens, and new electronics
THEN THAT MEANS GOD DIDN'T CALCULATE SOMETHING CORRECTLY... and we know thats not true! ITS THESE GREEDY PPL WHO'VE HIJACKED OUR COUNTRY... there's no such thing as a climate crisis... just evil people playing god to support their own selfish interests and agenda's!
So Scientists tell us the earth is 15% greener today than in the 70's, someone must be painting all the pavements green.   Mass extinctions in the past, followed by recovery, means in the end Nature wins, not species whether man or mouse.
Elon thinks we don't have enough people.
We need to get rid of useless feeders
Mother Earth is taking care of herself and that means bad things are gonna happen...
Now I’ll have to get my doctor to up my meds.
So basically , it’s the developing world and third world countries destroying most of the environment ? So why should Americans have the biggest guilt and change our societal norms when we aren’t the biggest polluters or destroyers of the environment. The last time grizzlies were in California was 1922. Not anytime recent, and the last one was actually shot , not from environmental factors such as pollution . Very few alive today ever witnessed  grizzlies in the wild in California .
"Yes... There's hope; we just need to scale this up 1,000 times." Ya!!🤣 That'll happen!
That's nonsense!
Keep reporting on this issue. We do need more solutions explored and laws enforced, ie plastic
I don't want to be a dinosaur when I grow older.  Grampa said you could walk across the bay on the back of salmon when he was younger. I've seen a lot of changes in my life. The biggest I've noticed is the loss of marine life.
Did Leonardo DiCaprio, the Kardashians, and other celebrities/athletes/politicians care about this subject? They use more resources for their personal entertainment in a few years than a family will in a decade. The reality is, these world health/human resource concerns only apply to the rest of us. The hypocrisy is damning. Sometimes there is moral relativism where history looks back and condemns. The elites are committing resource consumption crimes against our planet in our full view now and bragging about it every day. The media applauds them for it. Where is the public pressure on them?
Well past time for another meteor to reset the clock and let earth give natural selection another shot.   Or global thermonuclear war, which will provide enough ionizing radiation to make DNA mutate in interesting ways.  Humanity is a virus and earth will find a way to shuck us off and rebuild a better, less aggressive dominant lifeform.
BS agenda for green energy. We are in a warming trend which happens every so often oh and by the way, oil doesn't just come from dinosaurs
Scary
Truth is....we can't support 10 billion without communism.  The capitalists want you to think killing people is the answer.  And they will trick most of you.
Stop feeding the 3rd world....how many billions were created by taking care of people who cannot take care of themselves.
Why should I believe a damn word of this?
we should tell kids dont have  baby
you don't bite the hand that feeds you, humans don't get it, and are short sited. Let's cut down trees, what happens when there are no more trees, let's take all the fish, etc...etc...
Guess what dude we are on borrowed time anyway
Human population is actually on a gradual decline.
Good, hopefully we are next
Your picture of the rhino died out because of poaching nothing to do with climate change
They were saying this in the 70s and still people have over 5 kids it's ludicrous
I think it’s ironic the fisherman who initially talks about how there aren’t many fish left and nearly all the fisheries have closed, turns around and says he works in cannabis cultivation consulting (weed grows waste A TON of water nomatter what method is used even with some reclaiming/reusing of water) weed plants GUZZLE water 🤔 🧐 💭 🤦🏻‍♂️
Smart man. Salmon.
He Goes Before Us -- I AM-- Always Been.  Tsion/Yashrael IS a purpose, a practice, and a place; Intentional behavior accordingly unTO RighteousNess, Justice, and SetApart: ...sWORD Spirit and Truth withIN one. (echad)  Yahu'Sha Messiah answered, "Thou sayest that I Am a king: ...To (this) end was I born, and for (this) cause came I inTO the world, that I should bear witness unTO the truth. Every (one) that IS of the truth heareth My voice." (Abide, TOdo)  Kingdom CitizenShip and MindSet.   Followers must (die) of self, repent daily, and know the 'good shepherd'. (Kingdom MindSet)  Praise and thanks TO the Most High Ab Yahu'Ah, and all esteem TO His anointed Hebrew Son Yahu'Sha Messiah, our King, High Priest, and Intercessor unTO Life, Love, Logic, and Loyalty everlasting, for believers that "Hear Ye Him!"  sWORD Spirit and Truth -- Morning by Morning!
Lota people in the comments think they are in the country but they ain't.
poles flip no soulutions
It's impermanence, get used to, it's been happening way before we ever came along. Agreeing with this guy is part of the problem.
humans are the problem and the greedy land developer's are exacerbating the spread of the human problem.
Letting people have too many freedoms has wrecked the planet ........no limits on population.......democray is a good in theory but not so
Man is so destructive
Your WEF masters appreciate your efforts at promoting their propaganda.
If the bees go so do we
WAW . WENE TO SLOW DAWN .  SERLEY . BEFOR IS WAS TO LAEIT . .  TOMANE PRAVLAMS. GOING ON .   .
Stop making more humans we have enough of them...
Unfortunately, recent events have made “scientists” and “experts” not an surface reliable as they once were. There’s literally “scientists” confused about the number of genders. It’s not exactly a science backed logic for weds world we are in anymore.
The politicians and "leaders" of the USA led us to our demise and inevitable near term extinction from overpopulation, ecological overshoot, environmental destruction, and abrupt exponential climate change. All of these reckless abuses of Earth and Life itself will cause our near term extinction by 2030. The scientist's predictive models were deeply flawed. Phenomena predicted to occur in 2100 is happening now, except with much greater frequency and severity. The spontaneous ignition of massive fires around the world is an indication that multiple tipping points have long been breached and are combining to end the human race much sooner and with much more ferocity than you were led to believe by the politicians and the media, who spent billions to deceive the public about climate change.
Wait don’t salmon die every year
Agenda 21 or whatever that means the de-population of the Earth, it's happening right now before our very eyes.
Erlich was wrong about a few things yet you still continue to sensationalize.
I think Earth as it in for us humans.
Doom!!
What hurts me is having to argue with uneducated people on the internet that have tons of followers and likes about for example Greta Thunberg who’s from Sweden where I live who do massive speeches in front of governments for climate change. Do fight every week for a better future. Rally up the youth in all countries around the world to think about the environment. But too many are against her. Thinking she’s a pawn of the elite to cause terror in children rather then thinking she’s telling the truth. Which makes me sad.
Brought to you by the World Economic Fourm
This is horrific 😢
Plant more trees?
🇺🇲
Does anyone actually believe this BS???  SMH 🤦‍♂️
Who choses who dies and who lives? 🤔
So who's paying these people??? Wealthy doners, yeah right, probably coming from governments that are into this redistribution of wealth!!! Redistribution of YOUR TAX DOLLARS!! This is all BS.
Nothing that a global nuclear war won’t fix:  human population will shrink by a few billions.   After a decade or so having recovered from nuclear winters, the earth will breathe again free of our obscene consumption growth as we struggle through our newly found medieval life style.
I love the theory that we as a species have been around a lot longer than assumed and that we’ve made the same mistakes in every civilization before us. Now I feel like I’m part of a herd.  …lol…. 🤧🙄
Humanity is not suffering from the world. The world is suffering from humanity.
greed in the name of business and no ethics for life is he reason for this only humans will vanish earth will remain
One lifetime I've noticed that the moon has altered in color and size and orbital frequency as with the Sun ....this change much more noticeable in the last 30 years with climate change...also humanity is experiencing an social acceleration with disdain for organized work with a disrespect for governmental laws and regulations......many are trying to buffer in some way or another causing a rush on food and supplies with an attitude of every one for themselves in all facets of civilized society causing a split in the organized population from communism to a slow shift in capitalism causing a shift in the workforce between farming ranching and technology based industries which may cause a migration of city population towards the open land owned by ranchers and farmers leading to a possible civil warfare between city and country population while trying to forge their personal quest on planet Earth...... for the younger generations advice to go for it with a workable solution for the next 5 generations organized population expansion with a humane systematic step for population reduction and a modified capitalistic semi communistic social society with the main emphasis on population existence with a minimal strain on the planet Earth ecosystem..... good luck 🤞 generationally responsibility for all!!!
Well we should have joined the native tribes and live organic lives
We need a death penalty in all states and countries for really really heinous crimes. I do not care. I guarantee a decent amount of people who should not be walking the streets, are.
It’s how we choose to live and pilfer the earth’s resources that’s the problem - not that we have too many people
Most humans dont care. If they did we would change our ways.
I'm so glad they think they're so smart they know what happened billions of years ago nobody knows what happened billions of years ago
Get ready for solid green
Our government let China and Japan steal all of our salmon
They’re starting to condition you for death, you need to know that and fight it like heck.
Most of the wasteful humans are in advanced countries. Have less kids.
It isn't just population its the chemicals and the corporations  greed to destroying  the world  and the global warming is not any hotter then 500 years
I grew up in a beach suburb of Seattle. When I was a kid in the 90s and 00s it was normal to see starfish and king crab on the rocks and piers, but I haven’t seen a starfish at my local beaches in years and almost never see king crab anymore.
One word THANOS
the only thing popping off is technology. love hearing the dooms day guy that was already wrong because of technology.
Extinction rebellion! 🌎
Gill nets they use are the worst. It’s their fault.
The poles will shift and the 40 plus great flood legends will come again soon. The earth will take all of us out.
These globalist establishment types say we need to lower population. However the math says we will soon find ourselves in underpopulation.
We're being poisoned along with the animals by our own governments. Every day you'll see unmarked planes flying in grid patterns releasing chemical trails which disperse and turn the sky white.
Imagine if all people would get along, No Wars, Pollution Control and helping each other the world would be a beautiful place. It’s sad seeing this. I do my best to fund and support animals
Running out of places, stop talking rubbish)c the world has enough resources or billions more
The plant is protecting itself. It is going through change. The last know change was about 12,000 years ago. Plant reforms itself, water levels changed, people perished and a revived plant had arrived. It will do it again.
Really informative.
“If the science is right”.  A necessary qualifier.
"The planet will be here, we'll be long gone; just another failed mutation; just another closed-end biological mistake; an evolutionary cul-de-sac. The planet will shake us off like a bad case of fleas, a surface nuisance." -- George Carlin
We are 2legged cochroaches
Proclaiming themselves wise in their own eyes, they became as fools
How do you do a story and not know how to pronounce the city name?  You were there.  You spoke with the locals and you didn't even bother to learn how to say it? You don't say Sail-ish.  It's pronounced SA-HAIL-ISH. 🙄
Oh noo! Maybe we might suffer from our own stupidity.  It's How it works for everything else in the universe.
Yeah an engineered one thanks to mRNA injections.
If I've learned one thing over the years it's don't listen to scientists ever. Why you may ask ? Well here's a good reason The scientists will tell you the origins of the universe But yet are baffled by a pile of rocks in the Egyptian desert called pyramids. Or how about according to scientific logic a honey bee shouldn't be able to fly, Just  one more thing scientists are baffled by. I remember when scientists preached that aspirin kills you and is bad for you now it Saves you from a heart attack. We're about when eggs are bad and we must stop eating them now they're good for you again. Here's a phrase you hear a lot these days, Scientists now know Or  scientists now believe. Which is basically saying scientists make up a whole bunch of s*** And then preach it to you like fact All whilst admitting they don't know what the f***** They are talking about by changing their facts constantly.
Earth has been proven weather wise to have hot and cold cycles,  this is a fact proven by science that no one talks about in media. However through our own we continue to destroy all animal, plant and sea life habitat with poisons and by removing and affecting habitat from forest to the mangrove trees in the salty estruaries. This is a real emminant issue.
My theory is, just like how many people die of diseases brought about by their own doing such diet, habbits, etc. I think that humanity is going to be extinct just the same - only at a global scale.
"Humanity is very busily... sitting on a limb ... that we are sawing off."  He nailed it there. Humanity is indeed very busy on that limb and so distracted with such utter nonsense...all the while not paying attention to what it is they are sawing (sowing).
this all has been most obvious, but,  only to ones who are aware of their surroundings.   If you have not been already interested in the place that you live, then you will have to go.  don't let the propaganda become your reality.
No. It's called GENOCIDE. WAR CRIMES. WW3. Biological warfare.
It needs to happen and I'm okay with that just have to see my son be fit enough to survive the next coming years as he is the next generation.
It's the lack of pollinators like Bees that I find disturbing. It's sometimes the smallest things in nature with the biggest impacts!
What that first guy said sumed it up pretty good my paycheck more important than future generations
The Great Waves of Change are here.
Current production ag and how it’s done ruins soil quality and doesn’t replace what it takes but does the reverse. We need more sustainable AG practices in the US that add biodiversity at least on part of every large field. Monoculture feeds people directly but doesn’t enhance Gods creation and isn’t sustainable long term. Greener practices are needed now to heal the system and build back the soils. Everyone should read the Bible and care more for creation through real action.
Interesting how the "family" picture in Africa....where mommy is surrounded by 6 very young kids..... How is it that the poorest of the poor can be allowed to have 8 children by one woman... Let's START RIGHT THERE....
Get the vax! Vax it up! The great reset lol
SCIENTISTS SAID THIS IN;  1960’s  Oil will be totally gone in 10yrs  1970’s  Ice Age Everyone will freeze   1980’s  Acid Rain All will die of famine  1990’s  The Ozone We will all die of skin Cancer  2000’s  Global Warming  All the ocean’s will rise FL will be gone by 2011  2010 Carbon crisis / Climate Change  Since I’ve been alive that happens 4x each year
Where's Thanos and his Infinity Gauntlet when you need him?
Sooooooo... covid helped?
Fake News From a Fake News Source
Why you think they released Covid again? Population control it’s real people!!!!
My father was in weather and studied the climate changes. He understood what was happening and taught me about it. He taught me to recycle ♻️ repurpose ♻️ and reuse ♻️. I loved him so much and I'm so grateful for all of the things that he taught me.
Over population or Europeans mistreating earth 🙆🏾🤷🏾‍♂️🤦🏾
HURRY UP, BEFORE APRIL 15'TH !
Net fishing is in no way sustainable
So there’s been 5 other extinctions. Were cow farts, fishing and people to blame for those as well?
Erlich quickly glances by his own statement, that we can't live as we do. No qualification, no quantification. An Earth organized around military expenditure. Over breeding for more soldiers? Breeding for cheap exploitable labor? Wasting crop lands by Inefficiently eating the flesh of intelligent creatures? Dignify your own statement.
Can anyone find this video on CBS. How trustworthy is this content?
Capitalism has destroyed soo much in such a little time. The sensational pursuit of profit and growth has only proven to be a race to the bottom. Those at the top have shown us they won’t give up their control, and feel entitled to rule all. The up and coming leaders indoctrinated by the same school of thought want what they were promised, and so we’re left with a younger generation to deal with the leftovers. It is sad but I’m afraid the problem has grown out of control and doomed to fail!
After 2 years of covid you could see more birds and animals. To me that's proof humans are the problem.
A planned depop event.
Humans and animals running out of places to live 😂haha what a joke.
Colossians 1: 16-20 ignor not. Repent.
The earth is undefeated but the humans not good luck y'all I hope we can correct this
Humans have not taken over 70 percent of the land. That is a lie. Over population is not a problem. Over consumption is the problem. Unchecked capitalism is the problem. Greed is the problem. The news being owned by the people killing the planet is the problem.
We are by far the worst species ever.
When you take care of the Earth, the earth will,take care of you. She can sustain the population, but humans are diminishing what she produces.
So ur saying if I move Mexico and start cuting down trees this guy will give me free money
You do it to yourself, you do. And that's what really hurts.
Now it seems what Smith said about humans on The Matrix makes more sense.
It's china
The Earth can’t sustain the way we currently operate. We can change the game we are playing. We really could build a Utopia here on Earth. What if we shared our resources, collaborate instead of competition, everything is a accessible and shared, working together to solve problems but also create enriching experiences for each other. Isn’t it about having experiences in a human body?
😢😢
such BS...all planned conveniently
Happen decades ago, earth unable to sustain mass number of humanity
We are in a pole reversal right now. Everyone needs to prep and get ready before it too late. Get supplies, books on growing crops, nursing, building etc, fishing supplies, warm weather clothes, LAND and guns.
We can’t even begin to destroy the Planet, it will forget about us and we will leave no visible mark on it once we’re gone. Like we were never here at all.
All of the rivers in the world are drying up
What a hoax,the earth is not overpopulated.everyone in the world could each have an acre in texas
But our government is making abortion illegal??? 🤔 and very young females are popping out babies left and right not knowing who the fathers are half the time…and instead of clearing unused buildings and building homes in those spaces with sustainable products they just keep plowing down untouched land instead 😒
6th=siex siex
Im with saving what we still have.wake up look up and smell a flower when you get the chance.js
This is absolutely depressing AF. Climate change gets worse every year and the feeling of helplessness is overwhelming.
Oh well the earth giveth and the earth taketh
Running out of paces to live? 😂😂😂 anyone whose flown around the world must realize we’re not short of land or water. It’s lack of good  management not resources.
Imagine a scientist saying too many people.  Maybe these individuals should lead the way to that  solution .  Most scientist are proud to proclaim they are Atheist and we are a biological accident. Well if we are then everything human is part of the environment and if we use it all up oh well, this is the natural accident at work.
Yeah it's called the Chinese government
too much waste. but only N. America and Europe get punished. what about China, India, and South of North America?
BS
Thank god just end it quick
Yeah because they are ruining the soil and the genetics of everything, so hard to predict. And now they are pushing gay and trans to kids in schools or your "not cool", all these things lead to extinctions.
Spotify: “sixth mass extinction” on Songs of Science and Outer Space.   Tells it all. 🎶
This is more in the northern hemisphere, the southern hemisphere has not been ravaged the same as the north.
Sound like good news to me. We are destructive selfish beings. 99% of the people on this earth could careless about what is happening right before our eyes. This is the world we created, greed, corruption, no humility. The planet will be fine and recover, it is currently purging the virus called humans. Sometimes I think ‘damn, what if we actually worked together for the greater good of our species?’ I guess we’ll never know.
so the point of all this is that ultimately we will die? am i correct? if so then ok thanks for teaching me nothing lol
Its not the population, its managment of resources. the human population can multiply several times over still and be fine
Not true! The wealthy are still spending on frivolous things.
To put it in perspective, the world's human population rose by almost 70,000,000 between 2020 and 2021. The entire world's population of elephants is 50,000. That means the human population increased by 1,400x the total number of elephants in the world, in one single year.
Yeah lets skip over how natives in washington are able to net salmon, in all tribal rivers and streams. Sustainability wasn't a priorty and hasn't been until they realized it was running out
Stop eating animals please!
The world elitists and wealthy don't want to fix the world... they want to destroy most humans and the world we live in.  Just look at the last 30 years... humanity is on the brink as well as a majority of our animal species!
hopefully woke and cancel culture face the same extinction.
This is SO sad 😞 😔 😟 🙁 😥
Paul erlick "too many people too much consumption"  Norman bourlag " hold my beer"
But but the MAGAs say climate change is a fake liberal agenda! 😂🤡
We need a thanos. Who got the ring? I need to snap my finger real quick
Thats why we need population control just like we controll other animal population
The earth is not overpopulated just underdeveloped and natural resources are over consumed by developed countries. Unfortunately poor countries are not responsible for this and most likely affected the most. Solutions, rich developed countries need to stop over consuming, stop creating conflicts around the world to exploit natural resources and let out free energy technologies. Conclusion, it's all greed leading to this possible catastrophic destruction.
well, when the time comes i will embrace fate because i know mine will be great afterwards
It’s the six one …. Maybe …but if so it’s part of a cycle and a process called evolution….. not always a pretty process
The changing color of the Sun, is because of chen-trail campaign since 1998. It's the atmosphere.
The salmon are still here.. in unused cans carelessly discarded in trash and road sides all over the world duhh... also the japanese need whale meat vending machines sheesh guys.. **obvious sarcasm .. this is so disgusting the greed for fake need oh and the vending machines disgustingly are real in Japan and being promoted currently with new propaganda in 2023...**
Well I see 60 minutes is promoting the elites depopulation agenda. The earth can sustain population of more then11 or 12 billion people easy. Even with the wild life. We just need better leaders and better co owners and actually hold companies responsible for how they effect the environment
Did you know there’s more animals on the blanket than the last 400 years
People this 6th mass extinction has been known to us since like the 80s their just trying to scare you into eating bugs so you could help the environment
Prepare yourselves. He’s talking about humans. Next year is gonna be a sh*tshow. It’ll be sad. I’ve seen it already.
Now they want humans to become extinct. Why people are so dumb? They put us into crowded cities to look like it’s too much of us. There are plenty of room for everyone. They forced us to use plastic bottles just to blame it on us while they make money of our water that used to be available free and clean in wales. Let me ask you, do you have a factory that produces poisonous chemicals? Neither do I, neither non of you who is watching this video I’m sure, yet they blame us to polluting the environment.
The problem isn't the people who watch this, it's those that don't or tune out. What is truly amazing is that those who absolutely depend on nature for a living will consistently vote for those who could care less about it. The irony is that you would think those in our cities would care less about it and that those in rural areas would be the advocates but it's the other way around! Even the guy whose family/tribe has been fishing salmon for centuries isn't shedding tears about the destruction of nature but rather the loss of the ability for those around him to make a living. And that is the problem.
I've lived in Washington all my life. Everyone is cutting down all the forested land for housing complexes and concrete. The only forest left is the National Park. I used to hear packs of coyotes, not anymore. I used to see dozens of deer, not anymore. My brother would fish salmon for us, and now they are sick. 100,000 people moved here just last year. Washington will not be Evergreen anymore. It kills to see. My family has lived here for 4 generations. We have never seen it this bad. The trees I grew up looking at, a beautiful treeline, is now completely mowed down. Now high winds affect our house. We live on a ridge, no trees, no shelter. I used to swim in the river.. until they started putting poop waste where we swim. Yellow bubbly foam in the water. The water smells like death.
We should start by converting all the golf courses into conservation areas. Then drive through the midwest to realize just how much space and land there is. Maybe give bill gates a call about all the farmland he's buying.
It’s so ironic that science has literally copied the entire story of the Bible almost identically while it was supposed to eliminate the need.    They replaced genesis miracle with a scientific miracle of creating something from nothing. All the while claiming that is science and not a miracle. If that did happen….it was miraculous…the virgin birth of the universe.   Then they replace the flood story with cataclysmic meteor and ice ages mythology because the earth bares the scars of cataclysm. But there was supposedly “no evidence of a world wide flood”… 🤔🤔🤔    Global warming is their replacement of prophecy and the book of revelation. They claim we were “doom and gloomers” by believing the final judgment. But now they preach the end of the world louder through television than any preacher ever did from a pulpit to a local congregation.    Science has become the new religion. With dogmas and irrationality . Science by consensus now. People believe blindly what they are told by state sponsored scientist . While independent.
Good!! We tired of being tax slaves for the capitalistic elite.. who lives on our hardearned money..
Better start growing and populating Antarctic
Having melanin in your skin (being black) doesn’t seem so bad all of a sudden huh?!
Scary to think that we are in this situation, with much more at hand and our future depends on this new tik tok generation.
It's the lack of hope and in action that is spreading so rapidly that allows the bad actors to continue to do us all harm.
All the talk is good. What fraction of these researchers/biologists have stopped procreating, and maybe adopted kids? What about decreasing their consumption of resources?  If their goal is only to raise an alarm and do nothing about the population growth/resource consumption, I suppose it's totally fine.
Don't worry, the WEF and WHO have already implemented that solution.
Elon Musk has always been saying exactly this!!!
Nothing a little World War can't fix
Hopefully I can start a plant business
Humans are a disgusting species. It’s poetic justice we are taking ourselves out.
CAPITALISTS ARE PROFITING FROM KILLING OUR PLANET, OURS NOT THEIRS
We need war
One of the many, many reasons not to have kids...this is one problem I don't have to worry about contributing to...never had any kids & never will...more people should choose to do that...not like you're doing the kids any kind of favors producing them these days anyway...we got over 8 billion now, the species is plenty secure...people could stop breeding for the next 20 years & still be good...
How much that flap skinned gates pay y'all
Where I live now in Texas, there use to be rabbits, bob cats, and coyotes. There was a time I remember seeing butterflies, frogs, lizards, & snakes also. Now there isn’t much of the wild life left. It makes me sad especially me having a daughter trying to show her the same things I grew up with, but not being able to. We are destroying ourselves & the beautiful creatures we live with without even caring. 🥲 It’s sad to think about we could be fixing this, & our “leaders” choose todo nothing about it, bc it’ll affect there pockets
She said: If you spend any amount of time in California. There's your problem right their little missy.
The end of the world in front of your eyes 👀👀 it tru
The people nowadays are so preoccupied with nonces , that they don't realize that catastrophes are upon us . Oh we have plenty . Yes , But for how long . our future generation is Doom .
This mass extinction should be strictly humans and countries who breed way too much starting w/that cowboy wannabe Alec and Hilarious Baldwin
These commercial fisherman they have on there crying about not having enough fish to catch are a huge part of the problem.
wow thats sad! sadly not too many people care they say "so? why would i care imma die in 60 years" funny if those people get reincarnated over over till they suffer the consequences
Being technologically advanced doesn’t mean an advanced species. It creates waste and pollution. An advanced species constructs and thrives off of being EFFICIENT. Did not arctic natives save save Roald Amundsen and the crew of the Maud from freezing to death? How did a least advanced peoples save a more advanced peoples?
I decided at age 10 not to have children because i know overpopulation was an issue.  It's all because of greed and people's relentless need to keep procreating more and MORE and  why?  for selfish reasons.  Meanwhile millions of children are avail for adoption all over the world while others insist they must have their own children/DNA.  We CAN control our biological need to have kids if we try.  Alas, its too late.  I dont  still  having kids, imagine what their world will look like (if we survive at all) in a couple decades.  I that what you want for your child?  wake up!
STOP spraying our environment, STOP trying to control the environment - the earth will take care of itself (it always has). DO clean up the oceans and stop toxic dumping. The ocean is what is the secret to regeneration.
It saddens me to say this truth- We humans are a cancer to this planet. The planet and all the life on it would be much better off if humans were extinct. How sad a truth. What say you?
As a full time fly fishing guide who works outside in “pristine” environments everyday I’ve seen the slow demise in just my 20 year career. Alternative energy, population limitations, sustainable food sources, and simple things like riparian zones, protected lands, etc… need to be implemented immediately for my kids’ kids sake.  Will it help that the older generations with a more capitalistic mentality is dying off? Will the new younger “woke” generations continue to have smaller families? Will generation x lead us with a more sustainable government and ideology? We will see.
The salmon problem was blamed on everything but the fisherman lol
Only thing to worry is WW3
Tell me, over and over and over again my friend.  Well you don't believe we're on the eve of des-truc-tion?😖
These scientist's don't know nothing!
This announcer is killing me
The elites need to go extinct!
Simple math yet we ignore the equation even if  impending doom is the answer. The frog in the boiling pot is a fitting analogy concerning humanities dilemma.
Seems population can be much higher if we live in harmony with nature and live carbon free, perhaps we are cutting more trees than planting, seems Greed by some has decimated this planet.   Nikola Tesla tried to give the world free electricity in 1905, that would have been huge in living more in balance.   Their may be 3.5 Trillion fish in the sea, they seem to  live in balance with nature.
20 years ago , crickets were heard, now, rarely can we here them.
just look at it. since 1974 the population has doubled, from 4 billion to 8 billion. OMG
You know what else unsustainable? The root cause of instability? Monetary-ism, These eggheads never bring up the main culprit, The Free Market, Capitalism.
These Mockumentaries should be illegal.
I was born in 1955 and the world population was estimated at less than 3 billion people,  today some estimates have it 8.6 billion.  Almost triple what it was 68 years ago. We can't begin to address the changes that are inevitable unless we address human population growth first.  The energy requirements for our growing population are not sustainable.  I challenge anyone to name something around them as they read this that didn't require energy to produce.  From the clothes on your back to the car you drive or the home you live in,  it doesn't matter,  it requires energy.  We can pretend that electric cars or recycling products will help solve the issue but unless we address the increasing demand we will never get close to a solution.  We will need all energy sources available to us such as hydroelectric,  coal, natural gas,  nuclear power, wind and solar , and it still won't be enough.  As a species we have exceeded the carrying capacity of our habitat.  As someone with a background in wildlife biology I know what this means for us. Just because we are humans doesn't mean we are exempt from the outcome.
Climate change is going to happen, there is nothing we can do to stop or mitigate it.
God: “go forth and multiply” Population: *2 “great” Population: 1,800 “excellent” Population: 2.5 billion “Ohhh crap” Population: 6 billion “Not good, not good, not good” Population: 8+ billion “Flush it! Flush it!”
Idiocy from propaganda news..
Truly, we are a cancer.
All we have to do is rotate area of the Ocean as off limits to fishing for 10yrs and the Ocean will rebound. IT’s corporations that have ruined the Earth!!!
Ahuh
Propaganda jagoffs. Did Klaus send you this script?
I am so sad to live in this time. I wish there was a simple solution to all of this mess. But nothing is simple about it.
Wow that dude looks great for 90
This episode is brought to you by the WEF
No people are suffering because of other evil human beings don't try and distort the truth
Get rid of them golf courses and open up those national park systems and let people live there and set a limit on how much land one person/family can own and get rid of animal farming and only farm fruits vegetables and nuts, eliminate the consumption of animals from our diet, not too hard to figure out......
The united States is growing incredibly overpopulated and resources will be exhausted along with more crime !!!!
Hahaha. The lies never stop. If they want depopulation, they can start with themselves.
Maybe they overfished them
Yeah I don't trust a thing coming from this guy's mouth
According to people paid to say that.
Instead of buying groceries and mowing the lawn... Dig up the lawn and plant a diverse garden with lots of polinators flowers... Every house can help this way. Might not be in a huge way individually but if millions of yards did this, it WOULD make a difference... Leave your fall leaves on the ground to house the insects for the winter to feed the birds in the spring. Look into permaculture and natural cycles to feed the garden. Stay away from chemical fertilizer. Nature knows how to do it right. Learn and help.
It's not carbon, this old guy is an idiot. It's the grand solar minimum and the crycle or the dimming of the sun. It is a die off period not an extinction period, it will eventually come back in the future. A couple hundred years from now our population will be WAY down and the same situation will be happening, water isn't lost, it just moves. 60 minutes is so stupid and left leaning.
No wonder they want to start another huge war, I bet AI or chat GPT has found a way to get rid of most of us in order to let the world survive.
Don't know those lil places can change but when it gets real bad they'll be a good place n foundation to start over ... good luck to the future of mankind
The bigger the problem the bigger the donations ........stop trying to dictate the globe..
I was born in 2000 and even I've noticed a drastic difference in the number of birds & mammals in the PNW just around my house
Animals are running out of habitat not because human beings are moving in. We’re destroying the land just to put up a mattress factory 🏭 or a shoe storage facility 🙄
Wrong, humanity has already had mass extinction events, hence, why we have ancient civilizations that were lost that we know very little about.
LIFE is inevitable on this planet.  Human life, though, was never a good experiment.  We have contributed nothing to this world except it's decline.
"The Sixth Extinction", by Elizabeth Kolbert, spells it out pretty well.  We've brought it upon ourselves.  Growth, human growth, has NEVER been sustainable.
3000 year old forests?
Lmao. Anything to push population control.
Heartbreaking 💔 God and mother nature will make the changes needed. I do believe that. Our planet is so beautiful and we are destroying it. The air and water are so dirty. In the end humanity will pay the price.
We need population and greed control...or we're doomed.
Just look around at our selfish, narcissistic culture. Of COURSE we will destroy ourselves big shock 🤦🏻
I lived in Happy camp California 2 years ago. I saw baby Grizzly bears one evening on the mountain while driving home. They were climbing onto the road out of the forest. I thought, this road shouldn't be here, humans shouldn't be here
first three minutes, well we over fished the rivers and now were blaming someone else, next 10 mins talk  of the farmer and the amazon, hmm ya ll know the Mayans the incans the olmecs,  cleared the amazon,  built dams lakes,  and all trees in the amazon now are left from their farms,  the fruit trees the nut trees, all planted for the use of those cultures to eat, to use to make their white plaster,  but hey yall keep blaming and keep believing we live on 70% of the land,  go outside the city once in awhile and see  how vast the world really is, salmon fishery hmm i had 5 boats fishing for all year for many years and so did all my friends and family and now we don't have salmon,  couldn't be our fault.
Tell Californians to stop moving into the woods
It isn't overpopulation, it's the hoarding of resources by a certain few, overweening greed that cares nothing for life, corporatization of things needed for basic human life, etc.
This is supposedly "happening on our watch"...as if humans have something to do with Earths cycles.....get over yourself MSM!
Well this is cheery
Who really destroys the planet? Not the poor, think about the resources wealthy use. Why are all the working people the poor ones?
Can we fact check this lol
If we just stopped breeding we could avoid these problems.
Maybe this is what the ridge or line is
It's called the vaccine.
Maybe all life on earth would benefit from the impact of a very big asteroid that returns the earth to living within the laws of nature.
If we stopped sprapying farmland with dangerous chemicals, that would help enormously.
Not sure we have a population problem but more of a problem with living in excess. We consume more than we need and this causes an increased strain on resources.
The world is over populated smh I'll believe that when we get a real full picture of earth
But who cut the biggest trees
We gotta do better go back to our old ways
10 years ago I predicted by year 2055 planet Earth will look like a Mad Max movie
9:05 Won’t creating too many predators be a bad thing too?
How do these ppl know what happened Millions of Years ago? How sway?
8:35 what if they double dip?
Well we’re the only species going against nature, we didn’t evolve with it, that’s why were so fragile like a dozen eggs.
This is dangerous. The problem is not population growth the problem is the growth of world trade and capitalism which leads to the destruction of habitats through deforestation and other forms of agriculture as well as toxic industrial pollution. This show tries to connect the extinction to population growth....which is a capitalist lie.
Too many people, that’s why all the governments are in on this pandemic. They know that we need to reduce the number and this is how to do it. This and all the wars will reduce the numbers quick.
We'll be dead within next 1000 years i guarantee it
Men will have heart failer when they see it
Nibiru is here
Can we get some zombies this time? Pleaseeee
In the Bible it is said God will never destroy the earth again we will destroy it
We all deserve to be gone. If we drive extinction into our own home than we earned it
Earth is the most,  the most beautiful and magical, all wildlife, and the mother nature, and almost shouldn't exit  compared to any other planet.   It's really, really sad to see what it has and will become.   If humans can not take care of this earth,  what good can humans do to other planets
At least whatever comes after us will have a pretty good idea of how not to run a civilization.
Humans have not taken over 70% of the land .  It’s 44%
All for the dollar.
If we all take care of earth everything would be fine
https://youtube.com/watch?v=K-JMGKr5_no&feature=share
There are certain key species that many other species depend upon for survival. As those species species go extinct a great many more follow. While I have no doubt our species will survive, at what costs, and how many will perish of thirst, starvation, and natural disasters? Do your part, even one small thing each day. Need ideas: Use reusable bags when shopping. Don't buy shoes and clothes you won't wear and give clothes in good condition to the thrift store. Cut back on meat. Think of installing solar. Think installing a heat pump (cools & heats) if you need to replace your old system. Think of buying vehicles good on gas or electric when you absolutely need a new vehicle. Etc. and so on.
Bible says soon a lot of people will die, it's coming.
Well it was a good run guys ! Let’s just hope it doesn’t get worse 🤷‍♂️
Go vegan
It’s y’all white peoples fault
If you money brained zombies would let go of your GDP and Planned Obsolescence we would be sustainable for a population of 1 Trillion. It's a huge solar system packed with resources.  Fun Fact: There are more diamonds than trees, yet you zombies put the value on the pet rocks. Sick Society
This is not true.   These people should be ashamed
Propaganda
They fished all the fish now they’re complaining.
Stop giving free food to the poor let them parish. Stop giving people Ebt. If people can't afford food for thier kids then people need to stop having kids. Common sense!!
All the humans could fit in the state of texas.running out of space, lol
The earth does what it does...constantly evolving. No human can ever stop change.
Maybe people should stop having kids...
Nature's earth 🌍 recycling eating earthquake and shiting volcanoes in space 🌈  can't die.
Thanos was right 😐
More fake news
Yet if you ask, I’m sure most of those fishermen would vote for Trump, who said global warming was a hoax. 😂
These guys should talk to Graham Hancock
In the beginning God created the heavens and Earth.
There's no land for animals to roam. There's no bugs anywhere anymore.
Pretty distressing😢😡🙏🏼❤️
The only solution to mankind’s situation is Gods kingdom, that’s why we are instructed to pray for his kingdom in the Lord’s Prayer. It’s a shame that it’s the very thing mankind in general, ignore this very message, that comes knocking at their doors.
If we only count the probes of Mercury and Venus it will be the sixth extinction of all life on earth. We also have ozone cascade caused by halogenated vinyl halogenated carbon and nuclear technology destructive of ozone oxygen nitrogen gases and motility of gametes in all species. These are a causes of global extinction of all life.  The infertility caused by halogenated vinyl and halogenated carbon is never mentioned as the primary causes of global infertility of all species.  This show is shameless ommission of the true causes of decline. Total false report officially.
Doom and gloom still sells! Ehrlich has been spouting this stuff for many decades now, and he's proven to be wrong every single time. And not just a little wrong, LOTS of wrong. He always seems to forget that we have this often forgetting ability to improvise and adapt.
This earth will be destroyed by fire. Not any group or one person will change HIS mind
I wonder what % of people in this comment feed are part of the problem. I myself choose with my wife not to have children for this exact reason!
Omg stop having children people! Adopt a pet eat responsibly and love yourself
That What Sin Does!! It Destroys The Chance For Everyone.. Sin Makes One Selfish and Carnal.. No One Wants To Change... TURN BACK TO GOD AND YOU WILL SEE THINGS GET BETTER!!.. God Almighty Says This Would Happen.. READ THE BIBLE AND YOU WILL SEE THE TRUTH.. Lean Not On Your OWN UNDERSTANDING, SEEK THE LORD WHILE HE MAY BE FOUND... WE ARE LIVING IN THE LAST DAYS..
Don't forget to stay fearful, everyone.  🙄  The WWF is not a reputable source on climate study due to its conflict of interest, especially considering their funding is almost entirely driven by public and private donations and federal grants. They know that if the truth gets out that climate change is NOT the impending fire-breathing dragon we've all been led to believe, they will in turn lose significant funding or may even become completely irrelevant. And we can't let the truth get in the way of that $377M per year gravy train.  On another note, overpopulation is not a legitimate threat as the birthing numbers in most countries has slowed considerably, and most scientists even feel we could be on the precipice of significant population collapse in the next hundred years. Many young adults throughout all cultures are either choosing not to have children or waiting until the chances of conception are biologically riskier. Couple that with a significant decline of testosterone in men over the last 50 years due to sedentary lifestyles and you've got a recipe for a population downturn.
5 seconds into it I'm thinking it's people causing it and our lack of education
oH GOOD..
Big pharm. Big corporations.  Big government. Too many people? Nope!
Wasn't this mentioned 20 years ago.
Another weak and arrogant attempt to control nature. 90% of all species that have EVER lived on earth, are gone. That's what nature does. 25 species went extinct today, and tomorrow there will be another 25. Stop trying to save the planet and save yourselves. The planet will be fine. And when it's done with humans, it will shake us off like fleas from a dog.
The conservatives and Christians who think this is fake or Jesus will save us need to wake up. I have lived in the South, the liberal coasts and Europe. The ridiculous positions of conservatives is a real concern. Secondly stopping all the poorer countries who want a similar standard of living as many developed countries is perhaps the most important battle. Capitalism is the root cause of this
Any progress we make is decades too late even if we acted now the trickle of destruction we have already done has doomed billions
Grab your guns get ready for chaos
These are the same people that told us the earth would be in an ice age by the year 2000..
City officials urging growth, wiping out wildlife habitat for plazas, fast food restaurants, etc.
There's enough food grown in the United States to feed most of the World. The Earth is 70% ocean,  that's a LOT of fish.
About time, we overstayed our welcome and now we are destroying the place
And I killed thomis hes mohomid hes not gona be my enemy again
When the devil is involved he always has a reason y your disproven it's just like are you an idiot
And the pope saw my story and they said burn it all and they sent the holy parchment to isriel to be confermed
And after the danmed died God threw the rest of the sin in a pit of fire
This is such WEF propaganda.  Shame on you. This is embarrassing.
Tell the rich to quit developing and instead remodel the abandoned buildings already set in place. Create more refuges for the animals to lock in saving every single species until the land situation Is handled and we give some back to them. Let the owners still own the land but they can’t develop on whatever part of it that’s needed for them. OR WHATEVER IS BEST I just know WE CAN SOLVE THIS BUT INSTEAD ARE NOT WILLING TO
And 2 of my profits are murdered but hey black power
Pi equils 3 or 5 depending on if your rusia or america
A lion is a computer we desighned a personal super computer it's just not the math your used to and the programing is comman sence
And the tech companys arnt the corts you half to draw the line somewhere
Also its iligal in the united states to comit unreasonable punishments or fighns the internet debockel that made biden loose an election
That’s why Elon trying to get us to mars
We assanated martin luthor you cant walk an army to dc declare yourself hittler and say black power
Frog power there all decived back to bisness
A deamon that mostly efect the African comunity
And I killed betrail madusa and stood up on a rock holding her head it's the new image of a perfict man
Mosis
And it's like they can never explain or provide evedence but hes there scratch paper crap
A third of the animals are going to die and a third of the birds God killed them
We have plenty of food and oxogen I promis there are cows and manure
Satan bowed to me and then micheal made him leave
Honestly that's compleat bs the bible profacised an extinction as jesus apears the growing pains of an adult species the planet is fighn for now be plentiful
😂😂😂 ABOUT TIME!  Humanity has been destroying each other since we were genetically engineered by the Shining Ones; no wonder why “they” pressed the RESET button ⭕️ and CIVILIZATION began AGAIN 6 thousand years ago…😮 The next RESET is coming up!😂👁️🧿🍄🌈🧬❄️
Considering you can fit everyone in the world shoulder to shoulder into just the state of Texas..  i have my doubts that were the main reason for the earth changing. She's a living breathing hormonal  Goddess. She's going to move and disrupt the things that crawl on her skin calling it a home.
Absolutely NO mention of chem trails, oil company catastrophies, corporation discharges, geo-engineered weather, patented weather modifications, or how all those poor people got poor while billionaires get even more for themselves.    Just ring that fuk'n "climate emergency" bell.
We need to be wiped out
I’m in the Chicagoland region and i remember snow from November through about mid March now if we get snow once a month it’s a miracle! We used to see bees all the time now it’s rare to see them and i now live in rural Illinois! The world is changing faster then it can adapt, we are doomed!
I’m pretty sure all of our governments came up with a solution in 2020
I lived and grew up in Los Angeles County in the 80s and 90s . There's wild life but not much in the city's that are urban concrete jungles and heavily populated . I now live in North West  Montana where there is Definitely more wildlife  . I love it
No worry 60 mins you and Joe Biden can move to Mars. Media is great to send out fake news and the to freak everyone out.
The Earth is NOT in a Goldilocks position to the Sun it is far too close more a MamaBear Position.
Elon Musk doesn’t agree , the American oligarch thinks the world is underpopulated! Elon,  just wants more sheep to give him subsides so he can make billions off the backs of his employees! Elon just like his Daddy
You don't need a billion old people just wasting
Sad
Lmao
Newsmax the most trustworthy news on television. CBS the most untrustworthy news on television.
Fear mongering nonsense.
wow, 1970. and we got elon and other billionaires talking about birth going down. Love that they want humans to breed out of control just so you become another subscriber, or customer just so they can grow their profit margins year over year. All while resources are dwindling and ecosystems collapse.
Humanity isn't going to bother to do anything efficacious about this until we're on death's doorstep. And by then it'll be too late.
These wokesters are going to be sadder when they realize that Scott Pelley took several planes that burned jet fuel and emitted tons of green house gases into the atmosphere for this story. Hipocracy rules!
this hurts to the core knowing there is not much hope out there
Technology will catch up and start to reverse our damage.
Well, we’re f***ed
Wheres Greta Thunberg?!?!!
caption price quote"Goood"
…..Marxism. Not.
None of this is true... Humanity is sustainable 100%. The way the biologist is defining sustainability is totally wrong. The way the interviewer and the way the biologist live is unsustainable but that is not how the rest of us live. Humanity needs to expand to other planets and moons in the solar system then resources will be abundant. We do not touch the earth and get what we need for the next 10,000 years from the rest of the solar system.
I would love for 60 minutes to have Ben Davidson on.
Humans care to much about themselves for any real change to happen.
This reminds me of a bacterial infection, if it is not treated with antibiotics radically, then the host will die. We are the bacteria and the host is the earth
man is not at his best unless he is at his worst
10:00   We have a major problem though.  Every GOP Republican believes all this is bogus.  Hence why they keep fighting against it. But it wont matter, all this wont matter, because at the rate we are going World War 3 will be here sooner than people think and humans will soon be gone. The entire nature ecosystem will be gone along with every human being once the World War 3 starts.  But the world aka 'Earth'  will recover.  Yes it will take 1k years but it will recover without humans.
The guy in Alaska with his five fishing boats helped to diminish his ancestors way of life..
Maybe he should of not had kids
No where to live? There's plenty of land
If it happened 5 times before, its natural. Nature is the boss, so.. whatever.
We better get ourselves a shovel…cuz we’re in deeeeeeeeeeeep 💩
There is no such thing as a northeast tribe with members called “Armando Briones” FAKE NEWS
Revelation 11"18
Then the second angel sounded his trumpet, and something like a great mountain burning with fire was thrown into the sea. A third of the sea turned to blood, 9 a third of the living creatures in the sea died, and a third of the ships were destroyed.
I live on Long Island. The last 10-15 years has seen the population increase and every plot of land bought up by corporate raiders to build developments. Its becoming urban here. It's going to be like Mega Cities from Dredd soon enough.
I'm in my 20s this is sad I'm gonna have to deal with this my life time
FAKE NEWS
We'll all die anyway if putin pushes the button
Hire Thanos!!!!!
I saw a monarch butterfly yesterday. Used to be commonplace. Now ? It's an event.
When we can no longer work together to help each other survive, perhaps it's time for an extension event.  Vote Democratic in 2024 or perish, it's really that simple.  Deregulated corporate greed destroys everything.
Yes it is. But not because of the reasons people think...
Sell that fear$   Familiarity is not truth
Some would consider humans to be a natural disaster itself.
Crazy, we’re going through our 6th mass extinction currently.  Since 1970 we were supposed to act, we can’t say politics aren’t important, one party literally thinks climate change isn’t real over the other..   😒😞  #WakeUpPeople
World economic forum was right? Now we eat bugs. Are we that dumbed down?
Nature is suffering because of human beings!
I've already contributed to the planet I made no babies to become full grown people when I die off
₩hat to dø ..... ₩HAT TØ DØ .....
Meh! Birth rates are decreasing significantly bud!! Let’s not talk about facts!!!
The guy can’t fish, BECAUSE GOVERNMENT STEPS IN TO TELL THEM THEY CANT FISH! The government has been distributing experimental poison shots for 2 years, and things are hitting the fan - the Pfizer controlled media is running cover to change the narrative. Not falling for it!
This is certainly concerning, but depending on how you want to define man taking over the land, we certainly have not taken over 70% in the US, nor are all the grizzlies gone in California.
Who cares. What are the Kardashians doing these days more importantly?
Meanwhile, the population of feral cats, iguanas, mosquitoes and fire ants keep thriving.
F Jewish science rh-positive clan people
"Ya don't say?" - Known
Lies Lies Lies.
I've concluded that humans are only good for running their mouths and consumption...hahaha
Chinook salmon die after they spawn. That is not called mass extinction
If you're going to interview a soothsayer, at least interview someone who's been right about something.
Humanity is sustainable.  But greed is not.
I have had this feeling for the last 10+ years that I would be alive here on the planet when the next Mass Extinction Level Event (M.E.L.E.) occurs. And if I'm being completely honest, I WANT to be alive to witness the M.E.L.E. that is undoubtedly on the horizon!!  The only thing I believe is certain at this point, is that this is only the very beginning of life in the universe for humanity.
The mega rich could pay into this in a larger way. Instead they are trying to go into space and walk on mats for their own egos.
Let me ask you when your flying on airplane does it look like we are running out of space? 😂 so much  free space.  The elites are just losing handle of the masa population that’s what this is !!
I eat a lot of Salmon.
WHATA BUNCH OF LIES!
Wallstreet US chamber of commerce  billionaires ruling class don't care , neoliberalism capitalism never ending growth profits before people share holder value  greed is all that matters.
If nuclear war happens every living creature dies including every human being. This will be a dead planet floating in space.
Crazy, this is a false religion, wake up
All Propaganda
liberal freaks
If you look at what we actually populate… it’s not much. We’ve just been killing our planet.
The entire covid issue is now putting on display that only the scientists that go along with the WEF agenda get to say what they think, the rest get buried and cancelled.   The same goes for climate change  We are in a warm period, we should do everything we can to ensure our survival because when the next ice age arrives, (we have no idea) the earth could be entirely covered in ice potentially 10s of thousands of years.   wonder why elon wants to get to mars? This is why.
in a nutshell humanity's existence is akin to a virus to the planet
Family the fading institution.
LMFAO 🇺🇸
The only reason why the insecure society listen to a person like him is because of low self esteem and low self worth, poverty mindset, waiting to be Saved. He uses climate change and ozone pollution as an Alibi. The planet earth is safe and fine no matter how humans behave, everything in nature is balanced, enough organic foods and resources a million times over, nature makes sure of that, man's computer generated world moves society because they just believe a man in a suit and a tie. Because I made software doesn't mean I know what the entire planet needs. If the planet was so bad we all would have died the after a few years of pollution, the planet has a natural recycling system, everything made here poison or not is naturally recycled, that's why the earth is 98% water. Natural disasters are natural climate change.
Climate change is pure cabal bs
Some of you will believe anything told to you.
Mankind will find a way to survvie and if we don't then then we will go extinct but Earth will survive.  Entire ecosystems will rebound eventually.  This is the Human age, we need to find a way to not go extinct from weather changes, whatever its cause is: comets, supervolcano eruption, etc.
We need ww3 to depopulation us
I'm old enough to remember acid rain would be the end... then it was the ice caps would melt... then it was coastal towns would be underwater. Then global warming... Then climate change... Yet none came true While biggest mouth Al Gore who's climate company hedge fund will make billions. 40 years on still same Earth's temp goes up and down over ages So now tax the public to stop the sun and earth from being the sun and earth 🤣 😂🤭
The😈 already planned for this / got the population 💣 vaccination/🐑🐑🐑 💉👈😇👌 by by🐑🖐 /💯%💉3 FOUR LIFE.               ,🖕😇🖕
great!
Abundance of earth dont just fall down on its own, tell corporations thats destroy in the name of progress are the ones destroying the earth
People who live in the poorest conditions reproduce the fastest
60 minutes used to be good journalism.
It’s simple to fix stop the corporate greed. The corporate greed is the problem.
This guy is chicken little
So stop taking everything for Yourselves and give back to Nature what You’ve taken. The planet is not over populated with people, it can hold more a lot more. This is all the Elitist’s fault. They’re literally trying to start the End of Days right in front of Our Faces.
None of this matters because we will fix all of this soon.
Hogwash
Yrah! From the bio weapon covid jabs.
Are we supposed to feel bad for the fisherman?  They are upset they can't pull fish out of the ocean and lakes all day anymore?  Surely, harvesting these fish in such a manner led to the destruction in their numbers and not just climate change? 🤔  Yes, I have no doubt that our destruction of the forests and river manipulation has an impact.  I feel these things are out of control.  But the people who harvest the fish are just as much to blame.  Now the animals can't eat.  Such bullcrap.  Too many people who don't care about wildlife and ecosystems. We're going to pay for our rape of the wild one way or another.
the most perfect example it central and south America.  these people reproduce at an alarming rate at least 3 or more children per couple.  without and infrastructure of jobs . food, land, housing, education, these people flee to the u.s and other countries looking for an economy that can sustain them. they flee looking for jobs,  but everyone else is also tapped out.  now put this on a larger scale.  the Planet. we have no place to go .
governments need to give penalties and higher taxes to people with 2 or more children.    NOT A TAX BREAK !!!! we need to go to 1 child per family for the next 40 years in order to bring to population rate back down.  let the death rate exceed to birth rate foe 40 years.    we can bring the population down to 6 billion.  we are currently at 8 billion ,and in 40 years , if not checked. we are at 10 billion.   no way this will work.
Before trusting this charlatan paul here I'd read up on his prediction track recorder and see how far off he is and I'd suggest reading superabundance to get a better realistic view on the future of the world and how wrong Paul Ehrlich is.
How many times do we have to listen to its not working before we realize it's not working !? Lol 😆  Governments struggle to provide basic food for their own people and prevent war ...so how the heck are we going to come together to save the planet !
6th mass extinction: 5 times humans weren't there LOGIC: ITS NOT HUMANS It's the sun changing. It changes. When it changes, all of the planets around it change. That's why it's called a SOLAR system. Because THE SUN is the BOSS.
Government is going to do the thanos snap on everyone who survives survives only way to rid population
Oh please, the CIA has been using magma chambers to redirect magma from Ubehebe Crater to prevent an eruption from happening on US soil.
there's a few things that need to be extinct Roches bed bugs deer ticks and flys
Humanity is a failed experiment in the history of the universe. We've only been here a little over 200,000 years, yet the universe is roughly 14 billion years old, the Earth 4.5 billion. A shame we grew too fat, too greedy, too ignorant for our own good.
It's not the total population of the human race that is to great for the earth to sustain. It is just the greed and destruction caused by a few people, and the exploitation of the greater population, which the earth cannot sustain.
Does this mean I should stop dumping my used motor oil in the ocean and rivers?
It's called evolution people and the world is always changing. Just a heads up,we are still in an ice age! Look it up. Don't worry we will be just 🙂 fine
I hate to tell you this but if you took every human on the planet and placed them shoulder to shoulder, they would all fit in the state of Texas. This "over population" thing is pure propaganda. Plus a mass extinction would not only consist of wild animals but of humans as well.
Every trump supporter will deny this.
(**Until all countries involved in weather modification stop, climate change cannot be debated...**)
90% of the human population lives on 10% of the land mass.
When humans stopped hunting and gathering that is when the problem started. Artificially sustaining large communities can not last forever.
60 minutes is bought and paid for by the elite.  All the indigenous animals and people are deliberately taken out by the super rich.
Y'all know it's already up. It's not going to be like a movie with one clear definitive moment of catastrophe - it's gonna be a long, slow process. The longest death
When I watch all these doomsday predictions on numerous sites,I'm amazed how almost know one mentions that Jesus Christ is going too return soon and set everything right.time is short,WAKE UP!!!
Overpopulation is from developing countries or countries outside tier 1 countries. Don't get fooled.
Things have been changing since the formation of the planet....  extinctions have always gone on, and will continue.. everything Including people will go extinct,  the planet will recycle everything and continue with some new species..  don't care, from what I've witnessed of humans in my 62 years, you all deserve whatever happens...
How cute you think he was wrong about the coming famines. Plural. They're still on the way.
You are sustainable without animals you do not need to eat animals. Eating animals causes cancer and other health problems.
"Humanity is very busily sitting on a limb that we're sawing off." Good way of putting it!
I think Paul Ehrlich might hold the record for largest number of incorrect predictions ever made, even a broken clock is right twice a day and he can't even match that! 60 minutes is a laughing stock for inviting him on the show🤣
We haven't even discovered 80% of our Ocean. We don't know how many islands are there, we don't even know if there are other smaller continents? Yet we think we are overpopulating the earth? Just a bunch of these new weed smoker scientists who post their theories when they are high. B.S
Humans live on about 10% of the land, not 70%. Artificial surfaces - construction, homes, buildings, roads, etc. - cover only about 5% of the earth.   It is true, however, that 90% of the land surface of the earth is within a 48-hour journey of a major metropolitan area. But overall these statistics are a far cry from 70% of the earth’s land mass is occupied by humans. That’s false.
Fear mongering is a big business itself...
A.I. can't get done and start giving us superior answers faster...from ash A.I. will bring the next beings up....
Cant worry about it. Eat, drink and be merry.
I WONT LET BIDEN DRAG THE U.S. INTO WAR WITH RUSSIA !!!!
If the world powers cared they would limit the number of children people can legally have to help reduce the population.
It's clear the majority of humans don't care, even with the facts and fictions of doomsday talks in front of them. I've even seen articles saying the diminishing natural habitat is just fine- I say let the extinction happen and wipe that kind of hubris off of this amazing planet. A few will survive and be just fine.
The world will fix itself
Ya’Allah please forgive us all, Aameeen Allahu’Akbar Allahu’Akbarr Allahu’Akbar
Why are they giving Erlich any attention. He clearly has not been correct on his "sky is falling" scenarios. Please stop with the fear mongering.
It's incredible how easy it is to gaslight people. Take fireflies. Everyone thinks they are in decline. Everyone thinks the same, it is due to pesticides and mosquito abatement. How do so many get the same wrong information? Even in my own neighborhood, where the most incredible population of fireflies reside.....next to farmland, as i take photos of hundreds of flickering fireflies with the aroma of mosquito truck chemicals wafting. So, i crawl on the ground looking for dying fireflies and find none. I do this for the next few days and never find a single dead one.  If you ever step outside at night in summer, away from neatly manicured yards, you will see the truth.
So sad 😞
Yet we have millions of dominionists who believe there is no such thing, it is a globalist one world government conspiracy and Jesus is coming soon so none of this matters ....very frustrating
Uh Siberia and Canada alone can sustain every animal lol
Let the states like CA pay for their problems and let the states that took initiative thrive on their promise.
its pesticides and plastic
The problem is not Latin America. The US has cleared ancient forests for the last 300 years and is still doing it today.
The birth population has been plummeting since the 50s.  Yet, they're STILL complaining about "overpopulation" with documentaries like this. 😭
People say they care about the climate but they don't. The climate problem is caused by humans using more than their fair share of the resources. And we have a global obesity problem.
Lies! There's more land past the arctic walls, they've been talking about global warming for 15 years now, we're still here! Thanks to God 🙏💯❤
The only thing that is destroying the Earth are the corporations that own news propaganda agencies
Horsehockey! You want us to live in fear so you are wiling to say anything to get us into a state of panic.
If everyone would just simply plant seeds as they walk around their communities that was then turn into trees they give food back there would be fruit everywhere and things would not be the way they are but everyone is lazy and a tree has the ability to plant a tree without a human being around when the fruit falls to the ground so anyone who starves in the world deserves to for being lazy and dumber than a tree
What has Erlich NOT been wrong about?
Quit letting people push out so many kids for starters.
Lol California killed all the grizzlies so they could live there... they were killing all the miners.
earth can sustain all people and more its just we must live in simpler ways and live without luxuries thats what contaminates nature
I tried to watch this but I'm not dumb enough.
Geologic evidence and proxy data suggest that the earth has been significantly warmer and has had higher CO2 levels in the past, and all sorts of life thrived. This, of course, was before the global flood a few thousand years ago which radically changed the geography and climate of the planet. But there is also evidence to suggest parts of the earth were warmer after the flood than they are today. In fact, historical records indicate there were several warm periods including the medieval warm period (MWP) between AD 300 and 1900 in which people were able to farm in Greenland—an area currently covered in ice. Warmer temperatures can extend growing seasons, which allows for increased agricultural production. Cooler temperatures can cripple agricultural production as evidenced by the “little ice age” that occurred in 1400 shortly after the MWP. During the “little ice age,” the Thames River in London froze over and much of Britain experienced food shortages.
The Bible says this planet was created for us people. Yes, we are not taking care of it because of corrupt governments that rule countries where citizens are left to be poverish, in turn, just look at the amount of trash or chemicals that dumps into those places. Very sad.
The fisherman killed it all its the fisherman's fault
This research only happens in america
We killed it all it's bigger boats remember they live in Russia and China too
And we still wonder why the planet is trying to get rid of us.
Sadly humanity has always been greedy so we will perish because of our own foolish choices.
Very Good!... #10114 ✝ {1-25-2023}
Ehrlich has been significantly wrong more than he's been marginally right, but you know.....let's talk to him about how everything is going to end!!  LOL What a joke.....interview someone else.
We are using half the planet to grow agritortured sentient baby animals or food for animals.Watch Seaspiracy and Eating our Way to Extinction and Game Changers on Netflix and Dominion and Earthlings and Forks Over Knives and Cowspiracy and What the Health. Just eat fresh fruits and veggies and nuts and seeds and berries and melons. Animal ag is destroying the planet, not overpopulation.
Get on a plane and look down we are definitely not running out of space for humans. Its the over consumption of resources and waste just spend sometime at a dump and you will see how much waste we produce
Smh
Honestly human species was the worst thing that has happened to this planet
Ah yes, Mr Erlich. The guy who predicted Great Britain would be underwater by now and that there would be mass famine in 1970. His entire career is based on being wrong.
Where's the crab?! Remember 2 months ago, billions of crab just missing😔
Remove the worldwide CORRUPTION that is the cancer on society and everything will be fine.
It's time for us to depart we have been a disaster.
According  to the  vaccine  and the fentynal
Lying
I recall those things too. Grew up in Michigan I was 10 years old in 1983. I remember flocks of birds would fly over and it would take several minutes from the first birds of a flock to  when the last would pass. Today even the largest flocks take less then 30 seconds to pass. Too, if you pay attention in the summer, there are no longer anywhere near as many insects on your windshield at the end of even a long road trip through the southern states. The sun is a major part of all of this. You are absolutely spot on when you say that the sun seems much more intense. Two reasons for this. Our magnetosphere is weakening rapidly in the lead up to a magnetic pole flip. And the sun is in fact more intense. This has happend before, The geologic record holds plenty of hard evidence that the magnetic poles have swapped places many times. This is in the process of happening again now. The other planets in our solar system are also warming up. To name just a couple; Venus is and has been losing ice and Saturn is shedding rings for this very reason Humans are not causing this. Undoubtedly we are contributing. But we are not anywhere near to being the cause.  This is all cyclical. What is happening now is precisely why NASA was formed. It is why the Svalbard seed bank was constructed and it is also why so many underground bases have been built in the U.S. and other places. And before anyone points their finger and blurts out the tired and ignorant crap about "conspiracy theories" first look into the term "conspiracy threory. Learn how and why that term came to be. Secondly; look into just how many of these "theories" wound up not only being absolutely true but worse than was thought. Mass surveillance is but one of these "conspiracy theories". There are many, many more.
Blad blad blad , Just get out and try to walk around the earth.duh it's huge and it's mostly empty
Just like Old Bill O'Reilly warned us during so many years: "The World's blowin' up".
What a load of propaganda .
Hanse  the CHINA  VIRUS>
But yet the United States government went from begging people to procreate, to banning abortions to force people to procreate. The government is freaking out about the decreasing replacement rates because they need working class poor to fund the government and to pay for all the subsidies they give to their wealthy donors. Don't get it twisted. They don't actually GAF about unborn babies. They just don't want to close the loopholes in the tax code for the wealthy to make them pay for their salaries.
Due to polar shift... nothing to do with solar flares...
So your interviewing Paul Ehrlich, a guy who has been literally wrong in every aspect of his life and take his opinion as facts. Okay got it, I will no longer ever take 60 minutes as a credible source
And all for just one thing "Greed" !
The most frightening thing is that according to the Mayans,  the World is going to end in 2012!
The quicker the better
Climate change. Not fossil fuels.  POLE SHIFT  ! Climate change = Fossil fuels has been a woke RADDICAL Democrat propaganda move for 40 year's.  POLE SHIFT,  Happens every 6 - 10 thousand years. That's what happened to all civilizations we are confused about.  Lots of info out here. No proof on fossil fuels. Just assumptions and guesses.   We are all going to die,sooner than later.
Every single climate study has failed in last decades, none of the predictions came out, so why should we believe this activist nonsense.
Australian bush fires have eradicated over one billion of wildlife in the last few years during early Covid.
Paul Ehrlich has been saying this same mass extinction BS as long as he has been alive.  Paul wrote a best seller book in 1970 which predicted the end in 2000.  Every 10 yrs or so Paul has a new  end of the world scenario, which never comes true.  Yet 60 Minutes puts this guy on like he is some sort authority, even though he has been WRONG every time.
All man made.
No one talks about world wide pollution! No one tells young people to put it in the trash. Drive along interstate 80 through north west Indiana & south side of Chicago & look at all the litter on the side of the road. Nobody cares . Pollution should be the talking points for elected leaders. There’s no money in it like global warming hoax.
60 minutes loves to sell doom & gloom. If you go back to 1970. This joker predicted the world end by 1980🤣. Doom & gloom sells .
Ain’t no extinction here in Kentucky
So shouldn’t you help stop the flow of tens of thousands of Ukrainian males aged 14-78 being fed into a Russian woodchipper for fun and $$$? The resource is being diminished at a frightening rate, better get on it!
2050. We will see the mass extinction of humans around in 2050. There is a world population crisis a study that there’s a science to it, all supported by statistics with information from the Cairo census.
People have no idea what’s going on. Life has survived through cataclysms and ice ages. We will be fine. Well some of us.
Live your life to the fullest. Don’t wait for this because if you believe in balance like I do, it will come. Unfortunately we weren’t able to preserve this time around. Greed took over a long long time ago. I also believe that we will get another chance and I also believe that eventually we will sync with earth successfully. Just to clarify, when I say we I am referring to consciousness not humans.
How many times has Paul Ehrlich been wrong?
Be kind. No fear. We are all right where we’re supposed to be. 🫶🏼✨💛💫🌎
George Carlin video savingthe earth says it all
I don't believe you brought this guy to the show. What a joke
Our greed for money makes us all nearsighted; we are destroying Mother Earth without seeing the enjoyment of her by future generations. Why care about her if an asteroid is going to destroy her? Well, she is still around even though asteroids with a .62 mile (1 km) diameter strike her every half a million years and asteroids with a 3 mile (5 km) diameter strike her every 20 million years. 💕☮🌎🌌
Gees, any good news?!?!
Remind's me of a poem. " Where Going To See The Rabbit "
We’ve proven we are the planet’s most deadly disease. It will survive… but we might not survive the rising fever to combat us.
Local WA state resident and scuba instructor here! With the downfall of the salmon population which was caused by previous years of over fishing and major pollution we have in turn seen a downfall in the local native tribes and seafaring towns. Especially the Lummi tribe. This is hurting my states politics and infrastructure especially in areas the tribe is responsible for. Unfortunately like a lot of areas the money goes into making more money not into things that make it easier to make money like better roads updated docks etc. it’s unfortunate and also has a lot to do with mental health and addictions as well the need to commit to change before it’s to late. The worlds waters are getting toxic to everything including ourselves! I pray for my local natives and peers that were forgotten and have set themselves on a path to self destruction; for those in power that are destroying the will of your people and labor force in the name of big casinos, drugs/alcohol, and over abundant lifestyles; and I pray that damnit it’s not to late to fix what we have done to ourselves over 100s of years!
Chinese eats too much😂😂😂😂😂
DONT BELIEVE THIS BULL
seeing as a sizeable portion of civilisation just got mass poi$oned that’s not really especially surprising. where did those Georgia Guide stones go ??!?!!?
Go vegan. Eat beans and rice. Food is fuel, nothing more.
We need to hold the elite responsible for what they have done.
Propaganda. You put Paul Ehrlich in it? I turned it off immediately. None of his "prophecies" came true. He was embarrassed by Julian Simon. He will be even further discredited beyond the grave after people see the consequences of massive depopulation.
Wehlp!   If I want that cake I'm goin eat duh kaaaaacke.   Muuuu faucet!
It’s all the Greed😩
i dont think anyone should be netting salmon  until we see a rise in our salmon population period. greedy people need to adapt........
Humans are actually experiencing a population collapse and that is entirely unreported. China won't likely last another decade. The U.S. is going to be lucky to have a positive birth rate ever again. Likely by 2040 the Western world will no longer have the generational ability to produce goods. Have kids everybody.
With billions of starving and sick people.  No clean water, no medical help.  You think those people care about all this talk.
This needs to be shown in ever single school on the planet in every language. This is VITAL information that everyone on this planet deserves to know!!!!
We must expand into outer space.
Disingenuous reporting is disingenuous.
how come they didn’t talk about when the pandemic happened and everything was shut down how the earth itself revive itself and the animal species revived. Maybe is that what we need is an annual or two year annual shutdown so that our planet can restore itself. The same way there are pay outs to people and paying out for environmental protection. How about have those payments go to families for not able to work when we shut down. I don’t know at this point, but I’m looking for ways for solution. I’m also very cynical so I’m also looking forward for a human extinction if it has to happen. 😅
We had our chance and we messed up. Time to go, let the next species figure it out.
Establishment scientists just guess and used their credentials as cover from scrutiny.
People have. Got to stop having big family's 6 kid is just to many this ain't gonna go on for to much longer if we don't address this
He was wrong 50 years ago....and still is.
I wish a natural disaster or WW3 Nuclear war, or a major virus was released on the human population would happen and I welcome it to happen right now to regulate the human race population to the acceptable levels the earth can handle. I'll save you humanist the argument If its myself that dies from any of the above mentioned, then I don't care because I have family waiting for me in the afterlife anyway and I don't have anyone that I will be leaving behind anyway. I have nothing to lose and nothing to gain living right now anyway so let extinction happen IM all for it.
One hundred years ago, in Oregon were I was raised, we had bears, mountain lions, wolves and other animals killing our people, and livestock. These threats have been eliminated and I don't miss them.
When I fly over the USA or down to were I live in Central America, I am always impressed by how much open and unused land I see.
We deserve what we get☠️
I worry about the animals. It’s the humans fault and the animals shouldn’t have to suffer for man’s greed and selfishness. I would rather the humans go extinct and the animals survive but that wouldn’t happen because we have all of these nuclear power plants that will all explode and destroy anything left living. We might cause the worst extinction of all time.
Birth rates are falling massively in ALL countries...the figures are concerning
Hungry? You deserve a treat: Soylent Green. Treat yourself. Try Soylent Green, now in original,  mustard, and applewood smoked varieties.
*GET YOUR BOOSTERS!!!* 💉💉
you dont here much insects anymore just the sound of people tapping on keyboards
I chose not to ever have kids for the same reason. Too many people!
The cloud seeding programs need to stop before it's too late.
Just proves we need to expand claim more planets expand! Not losing people make more people!
Don't worry when the creator GETS bored  of humans !!? He will get rid of us !! Just like he did with the dinosaurs
It's gonna be a mass extinction if America proceeds with WW3 . May the nuclear fallout rain on everyone.
👽 Aliens are feared for being able to survive between themselves for millions of years without killing themselves.
In the coming future the human way to survive is through cannibalism
I beat death stranding , so we ok for now
Half the world are indians or chinese.
When the climate cataclysms begin, humans will wake up. Hopefully it wont be too late. 🙏🏻
Why do you think coronavirus was developed and released to control human population. 👀
Supposedly the earth can sustain 10 billion which might happen in 2100. then we will decline in population due to low fertility rates happening now.  Global warming will cause a plant boom... they like CO2. We have to adjust for the changes.
Because humans care only about themselves and their own children.
Universe 25 experiment 😂🤦🏼‍♂️🤬
Birth rates are actually on track to decline
This is due to greed and disrespect for environment
Try and convince Republicans, don't hold your breath though...
This a profound comment section, self-proclaimed potential scientist/activist, but you know what it starts from each and every one of us individually, it starts from our habits at home, our social ethics is being challenged by our needs for social acceptance when we purchase the newest phones or televisions
The same two men, are the same another Chris dickey
BS
This is old news… now what are we gonna do about it?
You see this, then you hear Elon Musk say there arnt enough people, WTF????
It is not too many people, it’s the cutting down and building everywhere and ruining it for all the animals and people. The rich were too greedy . We could fit all the population in one country and still would have room . It’s the building up too much
The rich built up too much and now they blame us , sick
I live in puget sound area and when the salmon return every yr, its
Get a grip u at the end
Agriculture and Materialistic Greed.  Those 2 things are destroying our world. It's just 2.  We as consumers of what we buy, desire or throw in the dump are completely in charge of the future
Corporate greed is the problem
Every single animal and plant species and water quality on this  Planet is the reason why we are here. And able To survive here. we are killing all of it.  If you want to cherish a God look at how it's possible for us to be here: =the plants and animals that were here before us which means every single living thing besides human beings.
How can anybody be OK with 90% of the animals on our planet are gonna die because of us and never be seen again? all these beautiful gorgeous wonderful animals are being murdered because humans are greedy!!  How is it OK to say the planet will be just fine?  waaaakkkkeeee uuuupppppp
Excuse me sir do not say the planet will be fine!!!  Nobody believed the scientists who said we were about to f*** it up quickly... how the f you gonna say it's gonna be fine and anyone believe you? this is the fastest rate of extinction ever seen besides the asteroid!!  You better watch what you say suit and tie
Scientists knew and proved in 1956 that if we kept burning fossil fuels and using the planet as we do..
Thanks, Catholics, for preaching against birth control.  Good job.
any comments contending the propaganda are marginalized.
That's a load of bs. You can't tell me it's a great extinction. An extinction means cataclysmic event that kills 95 percent of life on earth.
All lies... Are nation bye it self can feed 80 percent of the world with out are government regulation 💯
heres the deal...there are volcanoes under Greenland and the Antarctic that have become increasingly active since 1995...huge magma chambers under both...they are melting the ice and it will all be gone soon...as time goes by it gets faster building up to something massive and the powers that be know about it...."Never let a crisis go to waste" is the motto
The graph just shows it’s on schedule, if you look at it
Curious, what caused the other extensions? If we promote our civilization is one of the most advanced the. What did other civilizations do to cause earth extinction? Or is it the natural course of the planet? Seriously, we have to talk about the other extinctions and what caused them before we focus on our impact.
Michigan has no wolverines Wisconsin no badgers all we have is statues and national plaques telling us what it was
Money is more important to many in the end all there will be is just that money for what just money useless filthy
Earth will still be here generate a new life in the future us humans bye bye very soon
Kind of wonder if we face the same reality as the Mayans  and other extinct civilizations empires yes USA and world is close to total annihilation in many ways
Cannibalism for dinner?
The number of deer being ran over is ridiculous. It's unnatural. We leave them nowhere to live!
And we are not going to do anything about it unfortunately 🤷🏻‍♂️
What we need is another Black Plague !
Tooo many fish sticks rn frl
We all know this already especially those of us who have been on this planet at least 50 years.
Over population of humans plain and simple. I've always said Earth should have no more than 3 billion people at a time period. Over fishing, over hunting and this will happen to plant life too, when the Earth runs out of Phosphorus for crops, once the plant life goes everything goes, animals, humans all of it.
Scientists have been warning about this for decades. Now you suddenly care?
It’s not sustainable, you wouldn’t believe the bridges you drive on the shape they’re in… I work on em trust me lol
I would say our population is about drop very fast people dont want children anymore
as long as chicken is not on the endangered list I'll be fine, actually, mankind is about to make it worse before things get better
Don't worry the population is collapsing right now, because they hide it people won't realize it till it's too late. Fertility world wide average is about 2.2 barely above replacement and falling. We are top heavy in age, so deaths are much higher due to the ageing population. I do agree we should and could be better stewards to the planet, sad part is it's really not that hard but government bureaucracy gets in the way of real progress in all nations.
Humans are the only creatures with the power to defend this planet
Don’t worry. The world has to have another world war& pandemic. It’s all population control  Just look back on history
Theres  no hope because 99% of politicians are religious, and religious people dont care about the future because they are waiting on the Apocalypse.. They all are waiting on some god to come back and give them wings so they can fly.  These are NOT the people I want in power. Religion is responsible for killing thousands of Savants by burning them at the stake they have literally set our race back 4000 years of evolution.
He says the planet will be fine. The green new deal says we will destroy the planet. Hmmmm!
These climate alarmists  remind me of the book" Chicken Little".
Wrong about famine... Meh.
The only species going extinct is earthlings
Hmmmm very interesting
Nearly everything you find in the supermarket has palm something in it.  I remember my ex-husband's mom used to buy cans of 'hearts of palm'.  Palm plantations are 99% the cause of the loss of jaguar habitat.  Now they are migrating back into Mexico, and have even been spotted in the American southwest. @9:00 Anyway, my question to this noble man is, what happens the second the money disappears? @13:00  c'mon 60 Minutes, who did the research for this statement?  The two gentlemen's theory of an asteroid hitting the gulf just north of the Mayan peninsula has been dis-proven!
We need to go find another planet to overpopulate and destroy.
The Egyptian were African descent why they depicted her as white?!?
Chemtrails people and many other things like needles in arm..they are causing depopulation on purpose.
Just goes to show how irresponsible society is with having children
It’s not that the human population is getting to large, it’s the fact we are destroying this planet and that’s why it can’t sustain…. The fist sentence in the intro already makes me not wanna finish this brainwashing content.
Check this, I believe that they created too many magnets and electro magnetic products.  Too much of anything is bad!
Reseed the salmon.  Native Alaska legends teach how to reseed the salmon into the rivers and streams. Those teachings are considered illegal by the State government.
These scientists are full of it.  The future has been predicted to produce Solent Green and save all the human race.  For now enjoy your food. And he's in his 90s. What a hypocrite.
No self endulging relaxed climate controlled limitless entertainment population cares, until it hits directly, far too late for reaction.  #proaction
Another chicken little story from the left and they do it soooo  good  that the sheep follow!
People are the pollution
Right - clearly, any extinction would be courtesy of greed, money worship and abuse of finite resources.  Stop buying round up and poisoning soil with unnecessary chemicals.  Just as medical and nutritional scientists are realizing how trillions of bacteria control our gut health, it is the same bacteria that come from and belong in the dirt; so let us make it soil again. Microbiology is the key.  Plants need bacteria to release the nutrients that plants require to grow and thrive.  So do we - the gut bugs transform food into short chain fatty acids and transport nutrients to our cells...so our bodies can thrive.  We need ALL of it - from bifidobacteria to bees to spiders and birds.  Act now. Learn how to compost so bacteria and fungii and nematodes and micro-insects can once again create flourishing soil.  Learn to grow your own food.   Learn to appreciate insects which also help plants to thrive by controlling predator populations.  It's not too late:  "You do not belong to you. You belong to the universe. The significance of you will remain forever obscure to you, but you may assume you are fulfilling your significance if you apply yourself to converting all you experience to highest advantage to others. Make the world work, for 100% of humanity, in the shortest possible time, through spontaneous cooperation, without ecological offense or the disadvantage of anyone."  ~Buckminster Fuller
They want you to blame humanity so that you don't come to realize they have know about earth's natural cycles of extinction and geological upheaval for decades, or more.  That is why they have built themselves self sustainable underground cities/bunkers.   They did not tell you because they don't care if you survive or not.     The elites have bought property in the safer areas.  So??  Learn survival type skills. And don't worry.  We have survived this before.  Remember the mammoths and other mega fauna?   They went extinct in the last big cycle of destruction.  12,000 years ago.
JESUS is at the door
A bunch of BS,,, no climate change is happening, these scientists are highly encentivized I'm sure, cause there's some honest scientists that say this is NOT happening
This is such nonsense.
Meanwhile the same massive corporations that saying we are ruining the planet are the ones still forcing us to use chemical herbicides and pesticides on our food and using massive fossil fuel machines to harvest it. This all could be solved by eliminating all debt, but they won't ever allow that.
But yet California has palm trees that don't even belong there. They spend millions of gallons of water to keep the trees alive. As they are going through a drought.
The science is right!😑
Oh the joy we bring as humans
Population decimated…imma still throw my net though lol
Humans are destroying everything.
Million year old human skulls have been found during the gold rush in the 1800’s but Darwinism was already too far in the science scheme of things and it was hushed.
I've been following this type of thing for as long as I can remember.. some time in the 80s w Reagan as prez.. Nothing really has ever been done.. the main culprits have significant financial power in congress and in gaslighting the public.. As that one guy said.. there is no political will to do it..  The planet will go on without us.. I just wish it wasn't so.. we have such a beautiful planet..  Thing I dont understand is.. Rich people have children too.. and their actions will affect everyone..
Species have been dying off for millions of years and new ones starting
Why follow Erhlich's recommendations since he has always been wrong. The democrats have ruined Washington state as the video shows.
Who would have thought, the world is changing, just like it always has.
Unfortunately I believe the disruption of people live due to money greed colonialism have led to this. Imagine if people were able to live their lives uninterrupted by the desire to strip a country of its resources to create more things that strip the country of its resources.
I see why they planned Covid in 2020
They used to have fishing "seasons" where he'd fish "all day"...  For the life of me I can't imagine what happened to all the salmon. 🙄
To many people? Naa to many companies and governments profiting of destruction… yeaa
All I heard was that the corporations want us to buy electric cars and keep virtue signaling.
We must plant more trees, more flowers, make bird houses, we must each do our part.
Humans are vanishing as well. Hmmmm
Agent Smith said it best "Human Beings Are A Disease, A Cancer Of This Planet. You're A Plague, And We Are The Cure." (The Matrix)
There is no solution. Because there is no problem. People are way too self important. The Earth renews itself. Volcano, flooding, asteroid impacts ect. There will always be something. Humanity is temporary. Just like everything in the cosmos. We are not special. We can’t accept that we are simply a place holder, nothing more….
We r running out of places for animals to live? Really?  R we?
Blame Apple , blame any company that sucks the life out our planet.
So we aren't the first species to wipe out 95% of life on Earth. Cyanobacteria destroyed the biosphere before it was cool.
The world is a beautiful place, without humans.
TO MANY KEM-TRAILS!  Yeah global warming is man made,made by the elites who spray poison on us.
Maybe they should stop spraying chemtrail poisons
While Elon spending money for Mars. 🤣
I've told you boneheads over and over. The Earth is too close to the Sun. 🌎 🌞
Once again, western way of lifestyle is very harmful to the planet and highly contagious, it is spreading rapidly around the world.
Bull Crap.... The Total population of this Planet could fit within the confines of Jacksonville Florida...  (17 Billion Square feet)  That's 2.5 SQ.feet per person. Even Nature can't wait for the Return of the Lord..   (soon - 1st half of 2023), Humanity was only expected to Last  7,000 years , we are at 6,000 years as we speak.🌈✝️🇺🇲
"according to scientists" btw 😆
Look into where these men put their stock portfolio.
Terence McKenna made a point to say if every couple in the world had one baby, we could see the world's population reduced by half in one generation.
Columbus Ohio Deer are walking around neighborhoods. They have no where to go. They are tearing down any wooded area they can find for greed apartment complexes built anywhere they can put them.
IT'S SOYLENT GREEN TIME!
The dinosaurs were killed by an asteroid. Most of whats going on is being manufactured by climate terrorists. And people dont eat bears and monkeys. So why are they disappearing? They arent. 60 minutes is a globalist run propaganda machine.
Keep in mind this issue is ON TOP of Climate Change...really stacking the deck aren't we
We seem to be getting mixed messages, since there are others who say the danger is population collapse, in fact we are seeing dead towns because the population has moved away
"There were over a dozen extinction level events before even the dinosaurs got theirs".- Ultron
This is so very true. People think this is Sifi, but wait till neighbor starts to eat neighbor because of food shortages.
You think this is bad. Wait till the poles flip
Im much more worried with growth of employment. Grow up guys,  we all gona die and the environment will remain
A lot of Pale color people been destroying the earth since they came on the seen IJS,  this doesn’t happen in non pale cultures or regions
As soon as I saw Paul Erlich I know this report was nonsense.  Take it with a grain of salt.
But she is wearing an Apple Watch
Maybe if they stopped fishing the salmon,  they wouldn't go extinct!
If you have anxieties about climate change my suggestion is to meditate, to return to prayer, to read the texts of the saints, to study cosmology, quantum mechanics even biology. It all comes down to this. "THAT which is, always will be, if not strictly so in the same form. THAT is YOU and YOU are THAT It is just that it is not good to be alone which is why WE are here. (THAT meaning तत्)" - Wald Wassermann
Time to make artificial floating island cities.
China is the number 1 polluter and biggest culprit in UNsustainable fishing and harvesting of endangered wildlife, trees and mining operations. Let's start with taking out the CCP.
Can't we humans come up with some kind of laws to reduce the world population? Say impose a limit to how many kids are parents allowed to bear. Til now I'm seeing countries compete for highest population like lmao ya'll throwing your country into poverty
ive been exploring the wild west for a decade now, idiots like Trump and Bush ruined it for everyone by exploiting there power to buy private wilderness lands and then selling them to the highest bidders for contracts to Log it out, mine it out, frack it out. We need to permanently protect all wild lands that exist to today and insure laws are passed to prevent any future person or group of people/politicians/tycoons from profiting off of once-protected land.
'Pralay '  is the Indian word for extinction written thousands of years ago in the PURANA'S.
The solution is to get people out of poverty… provide affordable energy and food and then people will focus on the planet. If you keep people in poverty and provide expensive energy we’ll extinguish ourselves before the planet does….
Stop living right now!!!!!!
We have under-estimated the consequences of civilisational growth - It should be added to the Fermi Paradox.
Revelations 13:16-18   And he causeth all, both small and great, rich and poor, free and bond, to receive a mark in their right hand, or in their foreheads: And that no man might buy or sell, save he that had the mark, or the name of the beast, or the number of his name. Here is wisdom. Let him that hath understanding count the number of the beast: for it is the number of a man; and his number is Six hundred threescore and six.
“According to scientists” I’m a scientist - no.
i want to eat money
Good this needs to happen.  If things are only going to be made great for one race.  Then none of us get to have a planet, it's only fate and fair. Some people want to be in top so bad. Okay. Then we will cleanse the earth and none will have it. 100& for this happening. Bye bye should of played nice now crash the moon into the earth. I demand it.
The reason no one will do anything to fix it is because most of the people benefiting from all the building and growth are happy to be able to live their rich lifestyle knowing that they will not live to see the end of humanity, and they could care less if their children or anyone else has to see it.
More agricultural land for animals and their feed than forest on the planet right now.
Then all we eat is meat
You already made a solution covid 19 war in Ukraine eventually ww3
Who probably is that you take out of the sea you put back in the sea
MALARKEY
China and India r the major contributor in to this ( too many people)
We take so much from earth we give nothing
Even here no one seems to care about the Amazon forests….they are clearing hundreds of thousands of acres a year…..do your research on how much one tree consumes of carbon and how much fresh air it returns…….no, we are worried about gas stoves, sensorship, and vaccines
Total BS
COVID then this. All I'm so scared. How many times they always try to instil fese into us.
I think that Obama and Joe Biden both have military secrets as FBI classified documents and took care of Chinese President Xi Jinping's 1.5 BILLION DOLLARS payments to Hunter, Joe, and former President Obama in collusion with China and Russian President Vladimir Putin before the war with Ukraine took place.  Obama's future White House money came from this slush fund money that they all profited from even the Democratic Party's whole fixed elections with Dominion Voting Machines followed by Judicial Watch documents too.  This is all fitting Biblical prophecy being fulfilled now.
Mass Extinction is another leftist myth
"we have no more grizzly bears in california".  LOLOLOLOLOL.   grizzly bears were killed off in california in 1922.
Talk to the western corporations that are mostly responsible for this mess and try getting them to stop producing and see what happens. Money over everything.
I’m an Independent Latino. We should be concerned of ice freeze. Don’t you think? 🤔
This is all a lie. World Economic Forum propaganda meant to scare you!
Just listen 🎧 the system is failing do too taker’s🤦🏻‍♂️🌍🌏🌎 you will die without fresh water, green growth & the balance of mother natures habitat. I agree with these scientists 100%, but it doesn’t take science to protect our habitat and clean our planet and to promote substantial habitat from destruction.   Governments need to put nature rehabilitation into our schools education. Humanity doesn’t have to die
I believe 70% of humanity doesn't know how to survive without their toys. In our cause to extend life we may have taken years off the very thing we're trying to save.
YET YALL ARE OK WITH MIILIONS OF PEOPLE TO POUR ACROSS OUR BOURDER
Im sure Biden will come up with a plan to neuter men and they will take a payout for it.
So neuter men under the age of 50 for the next 25 years. This will allow us to depopulate and help nature rebound.
Yes and not caused by environmental conditions, Extinction caused by the human plague.
6th mass extinction?  ¹flood ²comets 3-5? What are the other 3? The 6th didn't happen yet. This is not the 1st time I'm hearing about this existence being the 6th one.. weird, are they about to have another "scientific breakthrough" that proves something that they are going to let us know about that they have known for hundreds of years?
if only  we had rings that we could use to snap our fingers and eliminate half the population
Disunity and corruption makes it unsustainable- While peace unity education that adresses both the spiritual and material aims of mankind creates universal prosperity and a garden of Eden food security cultivated everywhere
The late, great comedian Bill Hicks said it best. "We are a virus with shoes."
TOTAL horse$hit! Follow the money. Watch the skies, geoengineering killing everything.
It's not humanity that's not sustainable but the western standard of excess that is not sustainable.
The universe laughing like these ants really think they make a difference, one asteroid… boom…. 100 species extinct 100 years later like we never existed
Maybe it’s your 5 boats bruh I guess crabs are next on the extinction list with tubs over here and his 20 crab boats
❤️❤️❤️
Lol extinction scare tactics 66 million years ago 😆 gtfoh
Let's talk about   Palm oil   Hello  Let's talk about  Palm oils   U freaks
This is bull pucky.   Man has only see or stepped foot on 10% of the dry land and less the 10% of the world's oceans.   So there's 90% of the world man has never seen.
History will show him to be wrong about everything.
This is the plot to Walle
He's addicted to killing fish
This makes me sick
When you click a 60 minutes video and it's Scott Pelley 🎯🎯🎯🎯🎯
The old is gone ,here comes the new ? As our planet rotates it is set on the axis north/south poles. Every so many milions of years and/or a severe polar shift can/did cause mass extinction. This is fact !! It will happen again weather it be a comet or the eruption of a super volcano , there will be a reset of this planet. We have choices , or do we ? I feed the wildlife, gives me a sence of helping. I am a retired veteran and it is easy to take life for granted when you have the elements of destruction all around you. But to save a life that is an animal brings out the person evryone should be. I am that person !
Don't worry about Latin America they will all be here in the USA soon enough it's all good
Love the lie, scientist are complete hypocrites that are paid for by people like this guy and the elites that want to use the rest of us as slaves.
I don't feel bad one bit for that guy in Washington showing his emotions, he's one of the reason why there's no salmon, greed and overfishing has ruined everything.
The Population Bomb is one of the most destructive books ever written. Make no mistake this is nothing but a disgusting philosophy. The thought that humans are evil and poisonous rather than addressing the things we can change, is so perverse.. Back when the book came out, this guy cited pollutants we have since figured out how to remove from our environment or destroy during production. Some very influential people are using this philosophy to enact sweeping changes that will completely uproot human life as we know it. Obviously we should get away from non-degradable plastics. That is a far cry from the World Economic Forum who want you to eat bugs, live in a pod the size of your cars trunk, and drink your own recycled urine while they profit off your sad shell of a life. If they really believed that is what it takes to change the world rather than continued scientific and quality of life advancements, why wouldn't they take the lead and show us how comfy the pods are?
neo nazis have a weather machine ......abduction tech is water tech  ..... human body mostly water.......... they move water thru dif temps strat
The mega-rich psychopaths who run the world don't just bribe politicians to lie to us and the medical industry to poison us. It bribes shows like 60 Minutes to convince us that it's all our fault and we should be happy to be exterminated or enslaved.   A speech by the architects of the planned global depopulation plan:  "In order to preserve the earth's life sustaining ability in the face of unbridled population growth, excess resource consumption over renewable ability and global climate and atmospheric affects we are faced with an unpleasant reality. We may continue down our current path to which the entire planet will become doomed resulting in cascading biosphere collapses, human unrest, anarchy and chaos.  Our alternative is to carry the burden of our unpleasant reality and make very hard decisions to reduce our population in order to sustain the long term habitability of our planet and maintain its unique biodiversity and natural resources.  In execution of this burden, in order to ease the transition into a new world order for the long term survivability of humanity we must have a multifaceted and controlled reduction in production and private land ownership while ensuring the tools and resources necessary to have maximized automated production capabilities by ensuring an adequate stockpile of microprocessor units and related natural resources for machinery production.  In order to execute the de-population agenda without causing undue reaction or retaliation from the population thereby preserving a level of peace and control and avoiding the undesirable outcome of violence and destruction a gradual process must be enacted whereby the populace will not become aware of the harsh reality of the situation until any major ability for retaliation is mitigated to a level of near non-existence.  It is in this way that we will achieve those goals of earth's preservation and long-term habitability.  To use modern gene editing technology to create a rapidly spreading virus which may be variably controlled in effect to increase and decrease severity of symptomatic development.   As viruses mutate rapidly and are rather uncontrollable by nature this shall not be the major vector of de-population.  Simultaneously a vaccine which may be better controlled to the effects of its traits shall be produced. Through the action and our understanding of vaccine enhanced disease in the long researched relation to coronaviruses we feel that this is the ideal candidate whereby the immune response of individuals becomes dependent upon vaccinations while also becoming more vulnerable to future iterations of the virus.  Working together in a global dynamic environment will be paramount and it is well-understood amongst member nations that this is an unpleasant but necessary action in order to preserve both peace and prosperity to the long term and benefit of all humanity.  Whereby our understanding of spike protein interaction within the human body and its gradual and long term effects we feel this is the most humane method to enact a graduated level of de-population across time to minimize undesirable human caused destruction of the environment by causing low levels of alarms and avoiding panic that would occur through more rapid methods.  From the initial viral spread a global vaccination program may be instituted to catalog and record members ensuring a willing population which will thereby through the action of virus enhanced disease become dependent on continued vaccinations for survival.  Through controlling interim batches and the understood side effects reproductive processes can be controlled as well as a major but gradual reduction in overall population over the course of 3-5 years.  If at such a time it becomes necessary through lack of willing vaccination members to adequately reduce population to sustainable levels, more severe versions of the virus may be then released which will appear as naturally-occurring. The action will increase vaccination compliance particularly among the unwilling nation states.  In order to reduce negative or unpredictable viral jumps to our food supplies and mitigate unforeseen consequences from a virus created thusly, genetic adjuncts from another species should be added where it is known that the genomic sequence is highly susceptible to neutralization making the viral load ineffective in the presence of specific medications to safely neutralize the disease through readily available treatment specifically available to our livestock resources."
Thank america
I used to do a lot of salmon fishing on the Puyallup River in the city of Puyallup, Washington.  It's not hyperbolic when the report mentioned and showed (@1:47) habitat destruction by the average fishermen.  They pollute the area they fish at with garbage they brought from home: fast food containers, tangled fishing line, etc.  My friends and I would clean up the areas where we were fishing all the time when one of us reached our daily catch-limit.  Other fishermen smirked and laughed at us for it.
My two cents on this come in the form of butterflies. I remember as a kid chasing dozens around on a daily basis in the Midwest summer. These days you’re lucky to see a handful over the course of a week during the same time. Crazy stuff
10:50 the solution for de-population is COVID now capitalism do your part and carry us close to net zero emissions
How y'all scientist that smart and can't allow for capitalism to construct the 6th extinction to commence?
You guys are dreaming, is too late we are to far out too much greed
Cern: 5 more earths, coming right up
Aids ... Cov  ...uh. ... yeah😑
Past mass extinction events were caused by massive events of nature. Super volcanos, astroid impacts, ice ages and global weather changes. Humans were blowing up 100's of atomic and nuclear weapons recently and we could barely have an impact with that. Earth has been able to withstand all of this for billions of years, and I doubt we can change that.
Enjoy all your plastic products everyone!
No just about this extinction comment....Can anyone tell me why my comments are always deleted from Youtube?  Bog Toch - not to mention the loberal loft - does cxnsor us!!
Our so called leaders are horrible.  . . Sad....
Greed has ruin humans.....😪😪😪
How can we all help.....am serious
I betcha....the wealthy are prepared.  . . Wtf.....great video
There is this theory that those who are unvaccinated will become extinct. Or was it those who are vaccinated. I forget, 🤔
Humans must live up to the challenge of saving the one third of the earth that remains wild, as well as working toward abundance for life on earth.
People can live without hawks, coyotes, bears, cougars, snakes. Can't live without bacteria. Can't live without bugs.
Too much pesticide.
Where I live, most of the bugs are gone. Not a good sign.
Isn’t distribution part of the problem too? There’s so much food that goes to waste on the shelves of grocery stores. How do we get that into the areas that need it more?
When I was young it was; too many people, too little fossil fuels, too little food. They've cried, "Wolf", too often. I just don't listen anymore. BTW, they also said we were headed into a new Ice Age. They lie for money.
They've been scaring us for 55 years. It needs to stop.
Not allowed comments on the crypto scene it’s good they chase the crooks but what about the crook that they gave bail in us who stole billions from the USA people (sbf)  bitzlato gets the cuffs good but what about our home grown thief Sammy 😂 he gets bail ?
Is it over population or over tech’d.
What went extinct cuzza the climate?
You can tell your local government to stop killing everything with their chemical sprays. These also affect people.  Call city council members and your local county mosquito and vector control district. Also report to federal EPA illegal spraying of pesticides in populous areas. Fogging is aerial spraying.
In California chemical companies are killing off everyone and everything with its chemicals. Nit a big secret.
People taking pharmaceutical products in drugs, vaccines, food, water, environment are dying as he speaks. Why not just make big Pharma extinct.
i cant wrap my head around this, we are currently heading towards an mass extinction and nobody gives a damn. every animal i praised as a kid will be gone later and nobody cares.
Scary
Solution is jesus
I'm calling this bullcrap, our projections 20 years ago for overpopulation is so wrong we are technically under populated countries like China that are predominantly senior citizen population will be reduced to a country like Venezuela. This is the problem with people today we don't use our own brains we don't educate ourselves we just believe whatever they tell us
Here's the "bad news" regarding the recent CA storms.  *This is only the beginning.  The record storms, the out of control wildfires, the massive flooding, even the tornadoes and hurricanes, it's all starting to unravel.*  Today, global warming is no mere "theory" it is an established FACT, and anyone who doesn't believe it at this point is deaf, dumb, blind, and stupid.  We are right in the middle of the Sixth Major Extinction Event, and have ALREADY hit the theoretical "tipping point" when nothing we do at this point, from idiotic "green energy" programs that will cause thousands to freeze to death in Europe or drown in Asia will ever stand a chance of saving us.  It is called, "Abrupt Climate Change," and when we hit just one more degree Celsius in global warming due to the melting of the polar ice sheets, it will be our permanent demise.  It's a sobering thought, but what has already been put in place is done, and cannot be undone.
The solution will be solar food from Finland 🇫🇮
Fear mongering climate extremists
Just been watching what's happening in Davis, let's hope the wef is the next and only thing to become extinct.
Fake news!
Blame on Biden and the Democrats 😡
There’s too many people says the old man who’s already lived his life and lived  it up I’m sure but he doesn’t think anybody else should come here and we need to put a cap on population . This is the stupidity that abounds when men are godless.
This is so ridiculous this is the dumbest show I’ve ever seen and I never watched 60 minutes I only got on here to tell you how stupid you sound.  If you would read your holy scriptures you would see that all of this was prophesied it’s got nothing to do with cars or any other kind of man-made carbon dioxide emission and more to do with volcanoes and the wrath of God.
This is inevitable god is coming, this world was never meant to be eternal.
Stop cutting everything DoWN ! And polluting water!!
Fake news
THE DAY JUST GETS BETTER AND BETTER AND BETTER AND BETTER
Giving money to an alcoholic is enablement. Relieving overpopulation of irresponsible governments through emigration is enablement.
If you want mass extinction just follow the Greens.
Never
Balance
Lovely, lovely❤❤
A bunch of crabs go missing and now a bunch of other animals are now going extinct?What if someone secretly collected them mimicking Noah all of a sudden for some reason.Wouldnt doubt they can clone an army of animals like nothing and also by the book,natural breeding.
Agroecology, rewilding, and that one form of farming that I can never remember the name of which utilizes foraging. We can't practically stop climate change anymore but we can stop it from getting worse.  Only when the global culture makes it unacceptable to strip the Earth of it's resources will we see the wild return. I don't anyone should rely on billionaires.
@ 6:30 the loss of water comes naturally. Some would blame humans for climate change. But, their complain is human accelerated climate change. The change is coming regardless of humans.
No worry, the people of the developed/educated world is shrinking away.
Wow MsM actually acknowledging it... that says some ishhh
Thank satsanto for round up and the bees.
I'm not a fan of 60 minutes and not saying they're right, but there's something there still.
Don't have kids, problem solved.
Maybe our purpose as a species is to be a cancer on the Earth; maybe our innate quest for meaning is merely a way to get there
Life always finds a way
Fear mongers
Well, this is weird, being a human being with a finite life, makes a difference, and I just have hope for the future, even though I will be long dead
This is a con, our world is just fine, the elites are just trying to scare us.
While we were in high school in the late 60's and early 70's we are already being told we should only have enough children to replace ourselves because the planet couldn't sustain an increase in the population.   The planet with survive, we will not.
Netflix and chill YouTube and poop.
Preservation isn’t going to happen. Simple as that
5:27 the chart looks exactly opposite than these alarmists are saying...
Just wondering why in this peice is no mention on Costa Rica's succesful program to tax fossil fuels and finance reforestation.
I recycle everything people laugh at me so I know it's over the end.
Wait does not the us military claim to have the weather under control by 2025. Please correct me if I'm wrong.
Don't worry. We will be here long after these fear mongers on TV have rung out as much profit as they can from the ignorant masses.
Here comes the NWO to save the day.  Only important people will own private property.
Enter covid-19
The consequences of the Industrial Revolution
Make a choice today... just stop buying into vanity, share out whatever you got, love thy neighbour and respect every minute of the day.
We're doomed.
This topic is just one grim aspect of the current status of Planet Earth!
I suppose many people don't think about this but the rise of Right Wing Isolationism will soon be coupled with this reality should the Climate Deniers lose their popularity.
It took 10,000 years to hit a global population of 3 billion in 1970…50 years later we are pushing over 8 billion…humans are the deadly virus.
Well, I don't like that, and don't need to. Put that (any continued extinction event) to an end, immediately, thus.
#HumansAreTheVirus
Excellent! 👍🏻
Lies all lies. 60 min. Is full of crap.
Lol cannabis farms u hear that old ppl
Tool- Schism, basically.
Hate to say it but everything will heal when we’re finally gone, and not until then.
The issue isn’t that earth can’t support humanity. It’s that earth can’t support the way we live.  There were studies and even experiments in Ukraine where the government gave anyone who wanted 3 chickens.   They found that by having average citizens have their own small coops to care for, there was a 150% drop in food waste as all scrap was fed to chickens, there was a 37% cut in purchase of meat as people had chicken, and about a 60% drop in eggs. And also a 50% drop in use of feed from farmers.  It was concluded if everyone had 2 chickens in their household, the entire meat industry would collapse and people would not only save money, but save the environment.  This is the type of stuff we should be doing. Or getting rid of your grass front lawn and replace it with a garden. Grass is the worst plant to grow, it doesn’t provide any nutrients, and is very water intensive.
China is pumping water out of our United States lakes.
The Water is sold to China, India, Africa.  The Land is sold to Feed the Chinese, India, Africa. China & India are destroying the Planet!  China is in South America.
So how do we reconcile the fact that the greatest destruction and extraction of resources is being done by the wealthiest people and elites, yet they are most concerned about sustainability but are unwilling to temper their greed?
The Windmills are killing the Whales because man thinks they have a solution.  Everyone today have multiple homes the size of Hollywood Mansions.  Movie stars feed their pets salmon, steaks, etc.
We're already past sanity.
Bull S
People can NOT affect the weather. You think 100 years of cars is going to cause the planet to warm up? Geez.
Hippies were one of the first species that were killed off to make way for more yuppy parking lots and political golf courses, sadly it seams pretty clear  no others human species really even cares about nature.
When the virus kills the host, the virus dies also. 😂😂
We are overpopulated so why do we make it illegal for people who wish for euthanasia ?
Nothing but a bunch of liars and truth manipulators facts deniers
Capitalism is not sustainable, not humanity.
We must all do better. Some of us destroy everything no matter the after effects with only our own self interest in mind. Most go unconscious destroying just through regular daily practices in their common lifestyle. This planet was our gift we must all treat it as such. Before it's too late
Bring in the plandemic. So the book was wrong?
Earth will not allow humans to k*** her…
Stop wasting food and showing it on TIKTOK
We should push out an experimental vax and get rid of some of these problematic people
I think humanity is in a downward spiral. Tailspin.  We can’t get out of it. It’s like the Chinese finger trap.
Living in this time has been tough, but I realize in my heart of hearts it’s going to get so much harder. We are watching a pole shift happen in real time. The earth’s atmosphere is changing. We do not have good protection from our mother star anymore. S0 SAD. But we must embrace the suck.  Instead of slowing down the crisis, we are speeding it up!!! And laughing while we do it. Why? 😢😢 It’s greed, ego driven materialism. The root of all evil. We are not separate from existence.  We are nature.
This is propaganda to cover for the more immediate problem they dont want you to know: its the chemicals that are killing our species of life. Climate Change is real, but Climate Change is a distraction from the fact the same chemicals killing these animals is also destroying humans with chemicals hidden behind 'natural flavors' 'natural colors' fragrance" "parfum
RIP wafffler69
No way will reserves work against human greed..... What about the failure in human moral Psychology??? How's reserves gonna fix an overpopulated society of Hate and Greed?
In the old days 60 minutes was the cream of the crop news. NOW pro money.all about.pro China."""
Have you flown and seen how much the earth is not populated ?
Let’s make sure we can share this in India and China, those two countries alone have almost 4 billion people
Meanwhile United States is sending Billions of Dollar's. To help Ukraine while we starving  ..lol.   Imagine all the money spent on each War to investe in Nature   this is All A bunch of Crap!  Population Control Agenda!
The birth rate is declining rapidly…
Check out the Grand Solar Minimum and Polar shift. The sun is responsible for much of our issues. Man has nothing to do with it except locally.
you can tell this whole lie is written by an american, because it doesn't take into account how developed europe has been since the 1400.s how developed china has been since 1000 years before christ and how developed egypt has been since since before christ., haven't even touched upon mesopotamia and persia or india which are even older. yes in 1970 they said the earth would run out of food for the human race.....my how bad they were wrong as farming techniques blew them about by 600% times wrong.  there is a whole universe out there, and no other humans in it, that we know of. it doesn't have to be habitable for people, just for plants, and from there HALO: the Master Chief Collection.
I hear this frightening message,then I read there's not enough people to carry the generation before them in elder years.Elon musk said there's not enough people on earth, China may collapse due to their one child policy backfiring.Eat bacon,Mt dew ,salt,jump out of perfectly good airplanes.In the word's of Michael Stipe "It's the end of the world as we know it ' and I feel fine!!
There's a lot of people dying too. Stop cutting the trees down!
We cannot have indefinite exponential growth. Nothing works this way. Will we survive? Yes, but it won't be pretty. Al Bartlett also warned us about this fate.
Tell this story to people who don't want to use birth control.  I'm innocent.
Alarmist nonsense
We have to get rid if people and do it fast! Thats why USA-NATO started WW3 against Russia, soon they will provoke and attack China as well. We must use up our entire nuclear arsenal before they expire! Get to work
They also genetically modified salmon, and those genetically modified started eating the none GMO ones. Scary & sad!
Most of Earth's land mass is uninhabited fhs!!
Well the Georgia Guidestones are coming true…Hence why they were blown up. Manifestation ritual.
It's all going to be real risky when the poles shift.
Demoralization psyop
It's the governments of the world that will destroy our planets. Not the ordinary people.
I’m sorry but if we got rid of those who put themselves above others, we’d be fine.
This is just Stupid! Alarmist BS lol! Everyone on Planet 🌎 can fit in the State of Texas Comfortably. Reality is People just to manage better ,recycle, Replant, take care of as best we can. We live on a Giant Recycling Machine that operates on a different scale then Lifespans of Humans.
I don't believe that the Creator would allow His creation to be extinguished for lack.
We have thousands of miles, of land that human foot has never stepped in. Hitler, used the same propaganda and it cause a race of 6 and a half  million people to be exterminated. Just check out farms, national forest's, state park forest's and forest reserves... how much land we do have. America, is not running out of land.
What a bunch of crap.  You probably also believe the vaccine is good for you.
Hey, I agree with its entertainment value.
Fear mongering again ?
When a new salmon "farming system" was created. A God sent ' :)
Let's be real here. The Corporate world is what is Really destroying the earth itself and all it's plants and animals!!
Shouldn't have cut all the trees down and dumped tons of nuclear waste into the ocean.
Erlich's voice sounds pretty similar to Spock.
the WEF and WHO doing their utmost to make the human race extinct
So Covid really was about cutting back human population.....anyway, As long as the sun still shines, and photosynthesis takes place, we are good....
Humanity is not sustainable, huh? You would think just with the Pharmaceutical companies, Planned Parenthood,  Monsanto, and with holding cancer cures  that we would have atleast put a dent in the population. Need something quicker than a jack rabbit.
If only Europeans had stayed in Europe. This would not be happening
Is this a nice surprise, with BILL GATES and the WEF dregs of society at the helm?
Nuclear war is coming first , so don't worry
🧢 Covid brought back normality all around the planet in a matter of weeks please!!
Westernized capitalism is flawed. Making more then what we need expecting resources are unlimited is unsustainable.   You have no idea how much waste capitalism makes. Perfectly usable items ending up in the junk. Apple refuse the right to repair. Forcing people to buy new instead of reusing the old.
When all those wild animals were killed by the Australian fires, it was such a devastating loss of life.  But all of us individually can make a difference at a grassroots level...Just Do It.
Fake News 🤦‍♂️
Who here is paying attention to what’s coming at the evil davos meeting ? I suggest you folks get educated and fast these ultra elite are planning your future and it isn’t pretty
Praise God Please pray for my mother.
Salmon fish aren't silverback Gorillas. Lots of countries farm salmon VERY successfully. Sounds like the extinction of your rights as government continues its fascistic march into every aspect of our lives.
This is why progressives are arguing for a Green New Deal. We need to rethink the way we develop or cities, grow our food, transport ourselves, and use water. We have to rethink the way we live on Earth or we won’t be here much longer.
"So what would we need to do to fix it?" 1. Tell the people "in charge" to stop being so greedy and putting their desire for capital above the species. 2. Get down on all 4 and give the Earth a big sloppy BJ and heartfelt apology.
Well we keep letting these huge corporations rape and pillage our planet with no recourse so just a small handfull can live in unimaginable wealth and luxury... Wonder what went wrong lol
Very little of this is true. All people on this planet could stand shoulder to shoulder in the state of texas.
Mother Nature will survive climate change and extinction of human and all other living creatures.  Hundred Millions years in the future, new species will appear and dominate earth.  They will see human like we see dinosaurs.
Oh GOD, they're CONS! Climate change climate change climate change >CLICK<  As soon as you hear their joosh names you know some kind of fix is in.
Let it end  Part of life is dieing.
Here comes the propaganda
Co2 is making the earth greener at a rapid rate. Especially in the arid desert regions. Do research potential special Olympians.
Yet you still say nothing about how Fukushima has been destroying our food chain for 12 years now unchecked and nothing done to contain it
The World Governments are to blame, & people like Bill Gates. These people want all us commoners dead.
Used to see wild quail in Carolina, but now you never see them unless you go to a quail hatchery. They don’t exist in the wild anymore
We are in the Holocene huh what's next.
I'm just going to Mars forget Earth I don't think we can make a comeback we are just too deep in the mud already
Mathematically speaking the world could run off of the money humanity has made as long as the concept of “saving” (hoarding) money was limited per generation. Once the prior generation hits a certain age any savings and assets they have would be seized and redistributed to the next generation of humans world wide. Right now the majority of money is held by generations thrice as old as the youngest, with 18 being the youngest age to receive money enough to buy a plot of land somewhere in the world to being whatever it is they want to do with their lives, and once they get old enough to finish doing that, then they in turn retire and live out their days cared for by those whom love to do it.
Everything is cyclical. Creation and destruction. Life and death. Those cycles don't stop for us. If we go, we go. The Earth is just fine, and will be just fine. Geologically speaking, it's all a fraction of a second in Earth's timeline. People need to stop worrying and thinking we have some inherent right to go on forever. This has happened many, many times, and will continue to.
may sound like im preaching but hear me out, the number 1 thing standing in our way of saving ourselves and the planet as it is now is religion (not exclusively but the majority). people dont believe god makes mistakes and that alot of the green house gas theories and dinosaurs are fake so they think scientists are lieing to get grants to pay themselves. then the second problem religion gives the situation is that they believe that there is an after life better than this one so why would they care if they when they believe they are going to heaven. religion is the number 1 reason there are so many climate and science deniers clinging to fossil fuels and over consumption. long story short they are proudly and naively walking hand in hand with like minded people to their own destruction and dragging the rest of us with them. for those of you who are upset you shouldnt be, its not personal its what i have experienced in person, what ive seen online and what i have seen in groups of these people in my very religious state that makes me believe religion is killing us.
I feel bad for the fisherman who owns 5 commercial fishing boats, HOWEVER he sits there acting like he is clueless as to why the salmon have all dried up in his area. Um hello... It's ALL OF THE COMMERCIAL fishing!! Make it illegal for 20years and protect the salmon on that area and they will come back. Keep letting guys like this have 5 commercial boats and free reign and population collapse of the salmon could be a real possibility. Now the guy fishes for crab... Same thing will happen there if they are not careful in policing and enforcing protection for the animals we all need to survive, in our food chain.
This sounds like fear mongerng to me. Just how much land are you allotting per person for the 8billion population? Elon musk recently said if you stood all 8 billion people side by side it would fill Central Park in new York city, USA. There is PLENTY of land, and that comes from a man who wants to colonize MARS.   I just recently went on a trip from Florida to NJ and I passed miles and miles and miles of land filled with many trees cows, horses, ect. I just do not buy the mass extinction story here. I do believe MASS production and MASS consumption is what is tilting the balance to an unhealthy direction. If people had to physically go hunt & gather like they used to, it would solve the overweight problem America has, as well as put all of those MASS producing companies out of business.
Humans are very good at talking, we lack the backbone to walk our talk and change our lifestyles. We need serious education as to how to live in balance with the earth.
Humanity is sustainable, but not our lifestyles and greed.
Did he say 4 billion people live on 10 dollars a day holy crap I did not know it was so many people that poor
soon all the animals will be in the zoo that day is coming.
Lower population by any means necessary. No sane person will volunteer to lower population. People must die without them knowing.  You get it? It's a sad time here on earth for us.
The biggest ignorance mankind has ever committed is the fault in the science. As a conservation biologist I say 2. 5 million tears ago the planet was vegetated and consistent with this was the capture of energy  that like a fridgerator absorbed enough energy that the largest gladiator the planet experienced was such that the ice sheets accumulated and wiped out records of earlier gladiator. My hypothesis reasoned that when the ice expands the plants absorb less and slowly it melts. When the tipping point is reached and the plants rebound the energy storage increases andvthe ice melts.  Then plants rebound and .... now the c arbon is the way the earth regulates the climate and one can conclude tat the autotrophs had a larger factor on ice expansion than I ever heard in 11 years full time studies. And the earth's natural mitigation stored horrendous volumes of carbon.  Th we main causes of climate change is the clearing of old growth trees and devegetation of the earth and the release of heat into the environment. 1wo hundred and seventy thousand hectares for toilet paper alone annually  And in addition the earth would have been headed toward glacial period but a species range of biological tolerance  is such that with the increased  energy release anddevegetation specie autotroph  productivity is severely restricted.   Face it there is only one solution to the problem.     That is mitigate the energy released onto the atmosphere. This is by putting a billion snow machines at poles and build 100000 ft ice desalination towers with ice trais and natural  sea desalination and both solstice. See carbon is nature's solution . Humans act like it is the problem and only if the energy is mitigated will a desirable outcome can alter the extinction and availability. See measuring the ice and being bent as carbon is the problem is so outdated a cry  and nature will take millions of years to replenish the ice. Humans can't wait. It is vital to mitigate practically all the ice and vegetation humans reduced to restore the earth's natural cycles and balance.  Plus with the desalination water new habitat can be developed on continental shelves if Humans are restricted and Darwin said the ideal areas for evolution  if a large scale ice mitigation was conducted then the temp fixes the precipitation which mitigates the vegetation to the extent that Humans develop a quick strategy to revegetate and it will take time for old growth forests to do their wonders but I believe if man doesn't due this then the fisheries and ecosystems will suffer. . And this is so obvious to me that I am sickened by the guy that said it's the carbon. And if energy was stored story it would complement restoration but if electricity is captured solar and burned well there is no mitigation and only if energy by thermodynamic laws is mitigated well whoever stayed stuck oncarbon and did not propose a rel solution story. I believe that when water evaporates or condensate the balance story is clear to me. . So all those doctorates that stayed stuck on carbon waited too long.  If in the seventies this was implemented thewoorld would be more equitable to the biomes.   It more than angers me tat I thought this out by reason and logic from understanding how nature operates. However this is the last hope. And the truth is at one point forest will need the fresh mitigated water to be irrigated.this year rain... well I prayed for God to cause 800 dollar water bills for 10000 gallons on over half acre story.  Now think about this. This is the dissertation you all have ignored.
There is no climate crisis. The Earth was warmer in the recent and distant past.
👍👍👍
YES TOO MANY HUMANDS TO MANY PARASITE HUMANS CONSUMING AND CONSUMING AND CONSUMING IT NEVER STOPS WE WILL GROW OVER THE PETREE DISH AND BE DESTROYS BY FORCE AS TGE EARTH HAS ONLY HAS LIMITED RESOURCE
Yeah because 8 billion people do everything that everyone else does everyday all the time. Give me a break!  Key word "seasons" it's our older generation that was greedy and didn't stop at that'll work , oh no they had to have them all! So we the younger generation has to suffer! Thanks greedy old people!
Pay them or retrain them? Ecotourism ? Micro loans for starting a sustainable business ?
It’s the way we live…lots of land uninhabited or deserted…if the mu desert is now green…anything is possible.
I have nothing against the plans of the people in power to depopulate the world on a massive scale "aka genocide" as long as they the elite go first 😆
the biologist that’s 90 looks good
Fun fact: humans are the worst thing on this planet.
California is not The Midwest or places that love nature.
WHO IS URLICH!? The planet earth is only supported by LOVE! Lack of Love has effected all of creation!
Simple solution. Global birth control. Keep population numbers controlled. The Earth can support forever... and.. "no mass extinction". Human population is expanding faster than ever...
When an extinction happens the people are only set back from what resources we can use. The intelligence is still there just have to get to a point where we can put that intelligence to work.
Davos death cult
Blame China
Don't worry, Claus schwab is taking care of it.
Erlich = eugenicist. Ask Klaus. Zero carbon = zero humans. We need more CO2, not less. Turn off your TV.
FAKE FALSE INFORMATION. THE DARK STATE ARE CREATING THE DIRE SITUATIONS AROUND THE WORLD WITH THEIR WEATHER MANIPULATION, CHEMTRAILS, PIOSON, ETC. ONCE YOU KNOW YOU CAN NEVER UNKNOW THE TRUTH...DO YOUR RESEARCH...WE NEED TO RID THE WORLD OF THE NEW WORLD ORDER REGIME AND PLAN...WAKE UP
How about investigating Haarp,  cloud seeding and Chemtrails.. speak to the scientists who are being silenced about how governments world wide are controlling the weather !!  He who controls the weather controls the food  !!!
The video starts off with a fisherman complaining about not being able to fish not realizing he's part of the problem.  This is the same attitude the rest of the world has which is why nothing will get better.
Even I'm alarmed!!
Jesus Christ (God) is in control of the earth not man and He causes weather and climate to change as He Wills it! Read Mathew 24 and the book of Revelation, yes, there is a mass extinction coming to the earth very very soon!!! It’s called the return of Jesus Christ!!!! All the wicked and unbelieving will be destroyed! It’s there in the Bible if you want to know why things are happening the way they are, it was all foretold and has happened is happening and will happen just as the Bible says.
Dan browns inferno 🤞🤞🤞 .
😂😂 climate alarmists will never stop the fear cycle to make you believe their nonsense.   These ppl t insane
The Fear mongering is getting out of hand.
The earth may end....but not today...
This is ridiculous.
Covid was what? Millions died.
Thanos was right
Elon Musk is helping this problem
There are 600 trees per person.   But I understand most oxygen is from algae (?).
I've been singing this tune for years and nobody listens.
Good
The solution is depopulation
Hosea 4:3
He's 90.... should we put a limit on how long he can live? Who is it that we should persecute?
Nice video 👍👍
In every generation of human beings, there have always been doomsday cultists.  Even back in ancient Greece, and Babylon, and Egypt, etc there were people who swore that "the end is near."  Just in my lifetime I've been hearing "10 more years" for the last 40 years.  Relax people, it's going to be ok.  What's funny is the same people that are screaming "the end is nigh," are the same ones who will make fun of you for having stockpiles of food, water filters, guns, and ammo.  They can't even get their own story straight.  Don't believe the zealots, just laugh at them like we've done for thousands of years.  I know, I know.... "but this time it's different."  Yeah, yeah, that's what they all said.
The snake sill eventually eat its own tail when desperate. I introduce you to president Joe biden.
Commercial fishing is the problem
Disappointing how many people just straight up believe what they're told by the idiot box.  You know that pc/tablet/mobile you're using to leave uniformed comments with, can also be used to  research a topic more thoroughly.  Just saying🕊
“Never have so Few done so Much for so many!” May God Bless the World and Forgive The Ones that Destroy It !🌍❤  Save Our World 🌻🪺🌿
2312 will probably be the end of I’ve done my math correctly.
I sure hope so
We have 2 to 3 years left if that!
Human Activity is Toxic ☠ to the Earth!!! 🏭☠️☠️☠️
not a popular opinion but one of the reasons there’s no political Will it’s because a lot of people believe that God is going to come and save us
Yawn
Fast food industries need to go, the amount of food wastes they produce can feed half the population!
Saying the planet is over populate is a bunch of crap.  I drive around and see plenty of space across america alone. Can't be pollution cause all the rich people polluting everything cause they have money. The mental illness that comes with saying the world is overpopulated often leads to evil men justifying their wicked deeds upon man.  In order to save man and the planet the people better realize whose the ones bent on justifying destroying it otherwise we will be next.
We all need to be wiped out,
Yeah an extinction of common sense and free thought, and extinction of free speech and critical thinking
We can make enough food to have 18 billion humans. We need to put an end to greed.
China tried the one child policy it was a disaster.
Seriously?  Pesticides and chemicals are ruining the planet.  Let's get back to organic.  If you think the planet is overpopulated and there's no room for animals, you need to get in a plane.
Why don’t the government tell the people what they are spraying in the sky everyday. Top secret huh. Conspiracy theory I think not it goes on everyday just look up
In my opinion, this is caused by a few who have lots of money. They not only have NO regard for plants or animals they despise us human animals.  This video makes it sound as if people like you and I are totally responsible for what is going on. We aren't. The media is owned by those with billions or trillions of dollars and decide what they want us to see and hear. They are a part of what we call big business, like big pharma, big food, military industrial complex. The central banks of the world decide what is to be done and where. But don't believe me, do your own research.
we need it honestly, humans are literally a cancer.... remove warning labels and let nature sort itself out... the lock down showed our true nature, humans will always have self-interest for survival.. Abraham Maslow wasn't entirely wrong in his hierarchy of needs.
Looks like the bill is coming due with all of the climate and other things going on…
The sad thing is that all of us are busy with our lives and don't really care and those who really care are called crazy.
False....humanity is killing the planet by pollution an the governments are corrupt thats why people are suffering also
Did you confirm this to be true?  Who says it’s true?  Hunter Biden’s laptop couldn’t be validated, but this can?  Great journalism!!!!
Religious organization want more people for wealth and power. No abortion or birth control is bad policy for our civilization.   Old men don't care.
I agree. Population and farming in the desert has caused water shortages. One scientist explains how we can bring back green by herds of animals, etc. We ave bigger things to do than unending wars and destruction. Wars are environmentally bad for our earth.  JUST the chemicals and particulates which circle our earth and rain down on us. can cause climate change. Think on all those fires on earth wiping our trees which convert our carbon dioxide into oxygen.  They are our lungs.
Actually, we need to go.. We caused too much pain
Follow the money!
This is the reason for covid my friends
People this planet recovers. We will not. When you hear the word extinction it isn't applied to the planet. The planet has a way of cleansing itself. The planet is telling us time's up, you gotta go. Thanks for the memories
Bullsh!t everybody in America could all live in the state of Texas, but people can't learn to live  with one another, or should I say the artificial humans that is ...  GAGUT IS THE TRUTH
Propaganda. Proof of dinosaurs ? The pLandemic proves they want us dead. Pray.
One thing I hope happens soon, at least in my country, is the complete removal of any child care support from the government. Children are a massive expense, not just personally, but now environmentally.
They are totally correct our planet membrane is damaged God already planned for this it's about to go through a retribution restoring as you doing North is Shifting East 7 degrees and the Earth will reverse its rotation rain and hail Will Follow the desert shall bloom again new rivers and streams will flow Wildlife will flourish and offered another for Less need of electricity an appropriate way to light our planet without riddling it down
Human race is over populated
Death Stranding predicted this.
Do Indians ever watch stuff like this?
Dang, I thought the news was finally admitting stuff about the vaccine
This is not a 6th mass extinction. That is on a much greater scale.
What a farce. Stop pushing this BS. Every mass extinction event you prophets of doom prophesied has proven false. You will do anything to cause your misanthropic wet dreams of mass genocide to come true.
We should just cut China and India in half since they're the only ones that has a billion population.
I want to change this.
This is a myth, think of all the land empty when you look down when flying in a plane
People is like a virus on this beautiful world! Now we consume so much the world can't handle us anymore. We have to find another planet, an still need others stars?
The sixth mass extinction = white heterosexual men . . . 😀😀😀
@dwightchaos9449  exactly, fly in on private jets, to their huge homes with heated driveways that melt the snow bc they are far too lazy to shovel the snow.  In their Garages are SUV’s.  These ppl are the biggest energy consummators, bc of their flagrant disregard of their CO2 out put & yet the biggest hypocrites.  Even if they go home & drive an electric vehicle, one must power it somehow!
The end of the world thing ok🤔
BS
God says he will put and end to men destroying his planet. You forgot. This is not ours, but Gods planet, he created it. The earth is not a garbage dump. He allowed us to live on it and we have destroyed it. He will return to fix  everything.
We’re allll gonnna diee 😮
Legalize suicide
The liars who are paid to lie by the elite liars are lying to you about the earth. They want you to think you are the problem when in reality it’s them. If people want change then look to the people in power not the problems they create to keep people distracted.
I blame the government's of this world, they have the power to make changes but they refuse to because of greed.
It's ridiculous that nothing was said about THE MAIN CAUSE OF THE 6TH MASS EXTINCTION. Animal agriculture is causing the 6th mass extinction. Animal agriculture is the leading cause of deforestation, species extinction, water depletion, water pollution, ocean dead zones, ocean plastics, fisheries depletion, pandemics, world hunger and climate change. Animal agriculture, hunting, fishing - harming animals in any way should be illegal.
Im still waiting on the first one
Too many people is actually NOT the problem. The problem is our LIFESTYLE. It's a choice. We need to go back to subsistence and cut the fossil fuels. We'll be a lot closer to home, and you'll see how quickly the environment recovers. We need to stop building, and start using insulated teepees (no electricity at the house). we need to stop using the cars and planes. We've been on this Earth a long time without them. I thought we were smarter than people in the past. Turns out, that's not the case.
You don’t think the earth knows what’s going on with the ice caps where on a star ship what are you blind
We’ll earths natural defense system or what I call ends is going on
Hi
At 54 i thought back to when i first had thoughts of this obvious problem that was coming.  I figured i started thinking this way in my mid teens.  My daughter at 31 knows my views and sees it to, i have told her that u can trace most of our problems back to the fact that there is too many of us and population control should have started 50 years ago.  Now we play catchup and hope but, we couldn't even wear a mask without riots, fights, arguments and burning our own cities just to try and help with the spread of covid.  Can we even begin to implement the idea that u can only have a certain number of kids per family?  Not a chance....  A virus or bug will take care of reduction.
The rhinos man no standfast rhinos just hang in there
Human stu.pidity will cause our own extinction. We are all too violent, greedy, and du.mb to create anything good from the gifts we were given anyway.
They want you to think the earth is overcrowded; it isn't, not by a long shot.
Scam
Let’s make a documentary it’ll probably work it self out
Jesus is coming soon  for the saved according to scripture! This earth will be  renovated by God again ,but only for the righteous to live in. Ask Jesus in your life as your savior before it’s to late and you go into eternity . Whosoever calls on the name of the Lord shall be saved scripture says!
But we love babies and have to save them we don’t believe in abortion…ITS UNNATURAL UNHEALTHY TO HAVE SO MANY DAMN PEOPLE ON EARTH ITS UNSUSTAINABLE…NOT EVERYONE NEEDS TO BE BORN NOT EVERYBODY NEEDS to have
Good timing.
One thing you can count on with humans through history is we are idiots when it comes to our own garbage.  We'll pee in our own drinking water, dump plastics and carcinogens into our food chain and pollute the very air we breathe with little thought for tomorrow if it makes a buck today.  Which does not make for a good scenario when we multiply into 8 billion.
I recall watching a video on the Georgia Guide Stones (15 years ago) and my impression that the overall intention(s) was unbelievable and basically nuts.  Not so much now and one message advised that the world should not surpass the population of 500 Million.
Lmao.  These climate alarmists are so adorable
This was a great comedy😂
8,000,000,000 on paper. Way more than that.
We need to rewild  - there is more than enough land than people, it can be done?!
Humans and animals are adaptable. Obviously
i wasnt tec savvy enough i guess but i seriously thought my msg and warning got around yrs ago
this is so sad i warned everyone 7 yrs ago in my videos 7 actually 9 yrs  ago and more i know who is behind this and caused this and i tried to stop him no one seemed to inderstand and listen to my pleas yrs ago i warned you all no ones blood will be on my hands i tried to warn everyone w/ o freaking them out but everyone thought i was crazy i guess  i hope its not too late i tried to stop the devil the best i could
Stop spraying insecticides, stop killing bugs
Watch the people that created this mess turn eco friendly today, all while they develop a plot to axe a chunk of human population with a war or famine.
can you believe scientists and media will not use logic quadruple meltdown spent fuel to the atomsphere masa extinction connection wow
They over fishing 🎣 fish going extinct
I new it
The planet is fine….the people are fudged
I'd love to go back to the 1950s, still have most of the modern conveniences but when there were only 2 billion humans and so much more space and wild lands.   Back when people dressed nice instead of skanky, cars looked way cooler..... buildings were grand and didn't look like soul-less glass boxes or preschool art projects..... streets weren't full of trash.   When one job could support a whole family.    Oh and NORMAL complete seasons!    White Christmases that weren't 60'F (at least the last 4 or so) and actual snow on the ground in winter that lasted more than 24 hours.   Those were the days!     Of course, much further back and too much of a culture shock.  I gotta have my AC and shopping lol.
Says who
Dont worry  this will be fix by the jab
3:51 Elon musk disagrees with this guy. Why not have them sit down and discuss it with each other.
Of it weren't for people burning down, cutting down or blowing up lands by the masses, the poor animals would have places to live and survive but we're all too greedy and apparently won't care, some do care like I do and others, well, that's why
God Bless all who are putting money  into saving the Forests and much more !!! People in Life are moving way to fast !!! Life has to slow down .
Thank you all who are Showing the Truth of Earth and what is Happening! A New Law World wide should be put into Action now! God said we will be the one's to end ourselves this time ! Seems very real to me !
Douglas Vogt, google him read his work.
" according to scientists" After covid, the label has lost a good deal of weight.
This extinction will be man made.
Well there’s one thing that can help now. Close the borders!
The world population has quadrupled in one single human lifetime (since 1928) to a staggering 8 billion and will be 10 billon by 2050.    "the size of the world population of the last 12,000 years" --> Images too see graph.  It goes straight up at the end, its unreal (thank you Youtube for forbidding all links).  Yet if the total decreased by 1 person, the globe would panic and decry we were going extinct, and rush out to raise the birth rate lol
very nice video....
As in currently watching this, reading the comments, I'm thinking about the movies _2012_ & _Don't Look Up_
Scott, if you can not find your way home call Uber.
Sadly after all the gaslighting from these communities it's difficult to trust they are telling the truth.  Are they just trying to get grant money? Sell a book? Have political leanings? Just hard to say.
Mankind is the center of the universe,and everything revolves around us right??
After COVID I don’t trust “science”
Just wait until the climate change gets into full swing. "Global warming?   Its a hoax!  Problem solved.  Now we shoot the best and biggest remaining animals left for fun and trophy..."
The same could happen? Obviously it is happening! Hello it’s obvious it’s happening.
Elon musk was saying we are suffering from under population
Seems like what the popes are talking about too. In other words are they thinking about a chance nuclear war?
The 'earth" can do better.. js
Thank you video
*Honestly California could go, it would make the world a whole lot better nothing their is worth saving definitely none of the liberals and liberalism to go with it...*
*When I was little I was told the dinosaurs went extinct 65 million years ago & now they say 66 million years, I'm pretty sure I'm 36 not 1 million years old so how is that?*
*A big blame goes to the palm oil plantations, I was told even if we stopped palm oil the next big thing will pop up and continue taking the land palm oil was and who's to say they won't even be worse then palm oil? Stopping just the top dog isn't good enough anymore, we need to come together like the "intelligent" people we claim to be and stop this otherwise it won't end good not just for the animal life but us as well. Species like the Borneon & Sumatran Orangutan only have about 20 to 30 percent of their jungle habitate in Indonesia left & they continue deforresting more jungle for more land everyday & Orangutans could be extinct within 20 years.*
Population is declining, we are doomed, dont get fooled
If man don’t see, it’s extinct 50 years later they see and  what…
Honestly I’m terrified how things will be even 5 years from now
Thanks was right
Death stranding is coming
some crap pot BS right here... shame this show has turned to crap what the world needs to do is stop making new stuff, keep fixing what we need and have and make sure that 90% of the poor in the world have only 1 child, not 4, or 6, or 12 this means that most businesses will dry up and 75 to 80% of our consumerism would have to stop. its not going to happen, the only way forward is to technologically solve the issue of food and habitat , not by cutting back.
Thank god.
Whose reporting this, known L I A R in Dan Rather?
"Sorry"; you adze-hats have been telling us that the sky's falling FOR DECADES: Pesticides in the sixties; petroleum-exhaustion and global COOLING in the seventies; pesticides (again) and deforestation in the eighties; ozone-layer depletion in the nineties; global-warming in the 2000's... It's *BULL "SCAT".*  You don't know what conditions are going to be TWO WEEKS from now; and, the assertions of ONE BIOLOGIST don't mean "SCAT". The Veg-Oh's and environMENTALists can live as they will; but, I'M NOT GONNA let them COMPEL me to live like a member of a LESSER "RAYS" of humans. LOTS of MEAT and INTERNAL COMBUSTION ENGINES for ME.
Off course we do.
What a lousy report. The problem is not "humanity" it's overconsumption by the humans in the wealthy countries and their demand for economic growth year after year. Capitalism is a cult and forcing its kool-aid on everyone and everything.
Too many people on the planet but how do you cut it . We only have a certain amount of water in our earth . You cannot increase it . We now are drinking water that dinosaurs were drinking
Lol an extinction we're causing. STOP BURNING THE AMAZON! SAVE THE FORESTS!
And what do you propose is the solution? Thinning of the herd? Should we move 5 billion people to a different planet? If so, then how and where?
Earth isn't a biological niche for human beings.
They ain't even put up my post .. SMH
The irrigation/fossil-fuel fertilisers that feeds the world is also part of the problem. So he wasn't really wrong.
Wow
Salmon its gone...  but they are still want to get it...   sorry that its being human...  dont learn
The Rich don't want themselves to be without (there) Lifestyle. They want the rest of us to go extinct.                            Some Guy
fake n gay
If it had happened before there were so many people… is part of this the circle of life?
Studies and more studies... useless. The government should not be put in the place to force us to do anything. WE each must do our part. Community by community.   County by county State by state.  We the people need to take responsibility for the mess we made and change our daily habits.
The same people that say the world is overpopulated are the ones that force you to get an injection to save lifes?
Give it rest with the BS & propaganda, ya scaring no one.😁
Georgia Guidestones.."Get rid of all but 500 million, etc."
Well the human race will off itself one day. Just ask Putin, or others like him. Or the odds of an asteroid striking the earth and wiping us all out is a matter of time. Humans will not go on indefinitely and this is just a fact
Yeah it's not that bad.
Yeah, geoengineering of the weather is a Big culprit, chemtrails, solar radiation management.  See Dane Wigington's sites.
The same kind of thinking passed the global elite's mind when they decided on all sorts of human depopulations methods.
I guess their telling us their plan ......
Remove the highly greedy people .  And elevate the righteous.
GOD will always provide he will balance out all things, just stop the scare tactics and believe  in JESUS
This is exactly why I chose NOT to have kids. We’re already seeing mass water shortages out West- extreme weather/ climate changes- aggressive pandemics…. I know there’s good people fighting to save our only home but their voices have long been ignored & unheard
ELIMINATE  ONE MAMMAL WOULD GO A LONG WAY, TO A SOLUTION
We are intelligent parasites
Stop eating Sushie. The netting of fish is killing all our marine creatures in the nets. They drown and suffer painful deaths.
What?? Again?? 🤣😅
Lies. The earth is just fine. It’ll be here long after we’re gone.
We need to extract resources from nearby asteroids, planets, and moons.  We also need to work to live a more sustainable lifestyle without jeopardizing the economic well being of the nations inhabitants and cultures.  For agriculture we need organic polycultural techniques implemented.  Any endangered species need to be cloned and breeded on a massive scale until we can properly remediate lands and establish room for them to inhabit.  Regulating the birth rate isn't going to stop people from having kids and I don't believe it should be regulated(I hope the Chinese government eventually gets what it deserves)
There's about to be a population collapse if you do some research.  We're at the lowest point of Carbon dioxide in the Earth's history and the elites magnify in on tiny upticks of CO2 and go "Oh my God, we're all gonna die! Pay more taxes!" lol. gullible MFers won't even do an ounce of research. Pathetic. Start looking up the Great Reset NPC Zombies.
Humans, have never been a natural species on this planet.
The planet is going to take care of this. It is inevitable that civilization will most certainly be destroyed in the near future anyways. Just like the civilizations before us. I wouldn't worry about the climate so much. When the magnetic field flips - its over. Better call Noah.
Bwahahahaha... Catching breath.. bwahahahaha..ha... Hahahahhhahahahah
Where is Rush Limbaugh when you have a science problem to solve?
Heart breaking news good to lessen,
The fact is this: we average citizens DO NOT decide the fate of the planet. The upper 1% do.. the people who sign papers to manufacture the millions of pounds of oil, plastic, etc. this news program is made for people who have relatively no control or influence over this problem. The people responsible don’t care.
Excellent content!  Sub & Like yourself ✌💌 “I’m not a product of my circumstances. I am a product of my decisions.”  ―Stephen Covey
Well stop fishing for salmon. Give them a chance!
Manufacturing and corporations did this. All this demand crap. We should have stuck to fishing and hunting for our own and stayed away from the useless dollar and gold. Trading is fine. We also should have followed what the tribes did.
Lies
BS. We know what they do to mislead ppl. There is no superpopulation. By the contrary: soon we won’t have population enough. This is why the bots are here.
We don’t even cover 1% of dry land earth is 71% water. Get out of the city people
It's the tribulation of the Bible. Times almost up. Seek Jesus and repent of sin to be saved.
I have an idea.  Let's get rid of all the undesirable humans and  only let the superior humans live. This is the final solution. No, wait,  that's not a good idea.  Never mind.
The modren countries responsible for the 6 extinction if happening
It really sucks how we have people walking around thinking that overpopulation isn’t a thing…
The earth Can sustain our population it's the Greed it cant sustain
The Onion ran a picture of President Bush at the Valdez Oil Spill cleaning the oil off a bird saying "we have to save this precious oil!!"
Please, don't hope for Humanity to make it past the 6th Extinction it created.
In 1974, the global fertility rate was 4.2. By 2021, it was at 2.4. The global population is surpassing 8 billion this week — despite slowing fertility rates and aging populations, according to the U.N.  This will all even out. All will be ok.
60Minutes just asking but doesn't the mighty rich have a lot to do with this too.
seems like Hideo Kojima is reallllllly on to something #DS2
When you realize that Thanos was the good guy
60 minutes of lies
Duh
Oh well back to the caves🤯😵‍💫
The earth will expand with human growth, so this is a lie😑
Hosea 4:3 Therefore the land will mourn; And everyone who dwells there will waste away With the beasts of the field And the birds of the air; Even the fish of the sea will be taken away.
We started in Eden seeking pleasure, and we continue recklessly to now. It's side effects, like a tsunami at our backs, will continue to shadow us hauntingly until it overwhelm us.
Pocahontas was smarter than Stanford
Human are the worst, this is so sad
This is our moment and our win over magic will beging the UISA "The United Imperial States of America"  thank you everyone.
#GoVegan #meatismurder  #fishfeelpain  #BeKindToAnimals  #stoptheholocaust  #SaveOurOceans
So what are the rich going to do?
My official statement for becoming the new President of the united States of America.
Ride the rails across this nation and you will see just how much open land we have. We have lots of open land.
I'm so glad we have Americans who are so inspired by our Manifest Destiny campaign. We can still save America and we must, don't stop from believing we can change, yes it takes time but we can.
We are bringing an end to being a citizen but now we will be Nationals, we are Americans Go  USA
Last Saturday someone was suppose to pick me up but they did not they saw me and said no I'm gonna skip you and I was left there. It's now I demand respect, I will never forget how I felt that night that rain so hard that not only was I not picked up but I was in the rain all night for those 3 nights. Save those who  need it, but remember God loves you all.
BS
The green revolution is actively starving regions of the world... Goons
I will do my part and never have kids and watch everyone else play part of our own destruction.
Where is Randall Carlson and Graham Hancock?
If you want to see how this will end, just watch "The Lorax" cartoon by Dr. Suess.
You must be thrilled
Leftists
*For a thousand years the Lummi Tribe (or whatever their name is), hollowed out logs with a rock to make their canoes, made nets by hand, rowed out into the water, cast their nets by hand, pulled the net in by hand, and rowed back ashore to feed their family. There were many fish and the tribe ate well for hundreds of years and the fish spawned and were well stocked and nature remained in balance. Gone are the days of the canoe and paddle, now the indian brave has five huge store bought boats that can haul tons of fish. Massive store bought nets that can stretch out for a mile and a winch capable of hauling in ten tons of fish at a time. They go out into the water, drop their nets, and catch anything that happens to drift their way. Tons and tons of turtles, dolphins, sharks, and other undesirable fish are killed and thrown overboard. This man has done this for years and years but yet he can't figure out why there aren't more fish to be had out there?*
The "mass extinction" event will be the outcome from all those "COVID-19" vaccines and boosters celebrities and "experts" convinced the gullible to take.
Ecosia 👍
Living in the privileged lifestyle these dudes live, then yes, we would require 6 earths to survive.  Thankfully the majority of the planet isn't so needy & greedy.
00:38 We already know your solution, it involves Dr fauci, China, Bill gates and the Biden administration
So it’s obviously developed countries that are causing all the problems because like he said other parts of the world live on less than 10$ a day and don’t have a/c or drive cars
We've done this to ourselves (myself included).  We're getting what we deserve.
not only that but deforestation is going on for sooo many years. Why can the people and companies why do that just replant what they cut down. because of selfishness, they wont think of the generations after them.sad to say but  also these nation leaders are a bunch of jockers. all the think is money and oil, being in the lead, taking over the world and to make it worse. and if something had to happen where nobody knows what to do they all would be seeking for help from the most high smh. not one leader can come up to say stop the ridiculousness and lets live a better life. in  the population reaching its limits . teens having kids. parents conducting their young ones but they would arrest you just because you discipline your child. and look at it now how they grow up to be. un controllable doing what they want, ending up in jail and the list goes on. it just shows when you only care about your self it affects the whole world...
5 more earth seems to be an exaggeration
We should thank science for extending our life span (55 to 75). Thank science for making us survive child birth.. child hood, etc.. now because of science, we have an overpopulation problem.
Grizzlies haven't been around California since 1924.
35 years ago, we would see 25 deer in out yard nightly, now 3-4, groups of roaming raccoons, now 1 now and then, honey bees rarely, birds in our feeders minimal now, and the trees failing is phenomenal…..
My late uncle said we will be mining garbage dumps in the future for resources, land and water cleanup!
ENJOY THESE LIES AND MYTHS!!!!
Watching this and realizing it doesn't matter how bad it is we will never change our ways is a level of disgusting I can't measure.
You can't stop positive  feedback loops. We already have mass starvation in africa.
I think scientists like this should be the first to voluntarily remove themselves from any further risk affecting habitats, the media a very close second.  Do the math. You could fit the entire population of the world (Which is actually now shrinking demographically) and put them in the state of Texas with a lower population density that a number of countries and many urban cities.  Then, feel free to use the rest of this planet as your veggie patch.  This nonsense of overpopulation has been spoken on since at the time of Cisero (55bc), when the worlds population was estimated at 200 mil.  The de-population narrative continues however.
Get your Vax!  Gov wants you to live a long life. Bill Gates bought millions of farm acres this year. Food, the next weapon of control
Should be illegal to develop DESERT states that have no water. Who’s with me on that?  What if water cut off to Arizona? Other desert states.
Ever drive across America by getting out of your cement jungles? Wide open empty land most unplanted. Fear is control
Lol 😂 the planet will be fine… “we”on the other hand… 😮Temporary like all life that has ever existed!
I think we just look at things from a point of view set in the past, and use old vocabulary, binary. It's not population or nature, growth or extinction. There will always be as many people as can be fed, nature can be preserved, sustainability is possible, all of these things are a matter of policy. Humanity needs to get over itself, get over things that happened 10, 100, 1000 years ago and see the 4 billion year bond all life shares and do better.
The next big panic
*the earth can survive if humans are gone ..the earth can’t survive with  continued human destruction*
The high levels of interstellar radiation plus Yellowstone is going to blow way before that
they don't factor in pathological mismanagement so their numbers mean squat.
Humans RUIN everything. Their greed and lust for power are ridiculous.
If we keep believing this one world government crap and let it happen , we will see the end . Soon.
Hard to take these propaganda news shows seriously these days. Maybe they should not have cried wolf for so long. How's that Russian collusion investigation coming along?
Can't watch this. It's heartbreaking and so unnecessary.
I think that kids in the inner city need to be taught about the environment. I think that that would help them understand about how the environment works. And that would help them take care of their own neighborhoods. Then they would want to help take care of the environment
People's arrogant need to breed is the problem. Breeders are killing us, one child at a time.
It doesn't matter if we loose all of this known species to be unknown because the gov't don't care of imposing such an extinction of those animal kingdom or fisheries to conserve or imposed laws to govern to each extinction, they are supposed to be the model of conserving but they allow it to make a profit
Where is Thanos when you need him?
I grew up in Atlanta in the 1970s, and I remember seeing fireflies everywhere at night during the summer. I don't know how long it's been since I've seen a firefly.
Just as we uproot and poison weeds, so too we must do. Not  enough resources. We must adopt to this crisis and what better place to begin than with the weeds choking out plants?
Let's hope CBS becomes extinct, soon.
If we had just listened to God we would have been alright. Even so, He is faithful and will help any who come humbly to Him. He has vast resources at His fingertips and is very generous. But man is too proud to say he has destroyed because he is unfaithful to God. Man's plans come to naught folks. Best to do it God's way.
man the end of chapter 5 is kinda sad
Shocker. Mother nature doesn't appreciate her mistreatment nor the corporate greed.  Most of the rich don't care until it affects them directly. And the people with the power to change = All talk no action usually
And here comes the African industrial revolution, marching band in hand with the Indonesian industrial revolution as well as overpopulation in areas that barely had a stable population 200 years ago yet now they have a Billion People. The population went from 4Billion to 8Billion in my lifetime. Think about all that garbage! And when we go from 8B to 16B it won't be equal at all.
America and the Western worlds citizenry's inability to control its corrupt governments has now summoned Mother Nature to respond. from the author of the book: Tryin Times from the Pyramids to the Projects
America and the Western worlds citizenry's inability to control its corrupt governments has now summoned Mother Nature to respond. from the author of the book: Tryin Times from the Pyramids to the Projects
The bottom line, there's too many people and not enough earth.  EV cars, windmills or solar panels are not going to fix it.  The want for riches will be the downfall of mankind.
They never address 'The Elephant in the Room".  Humans need to stop popping out babies like we are bacteria.
Total BS! These dire predictions have been reported by the same people (who need funding) for years. Don't believe this garbage
Does anyone know what happened to lightning bugs? Growing up in the Midwest, I remember the whole yard lighting up with them in the summertime evenings….now, I can’t even remember the last time I’ve seen one since childhood…
Eugenicists justifying their plan to cull the herd.
It’s not the number of the people, it’s the quality
Seek Christ not 60 Minutes
Don't forget about the honey bees
Well maybe South America they're paying Farmers not to farm because they keep chopping down the trees... But in America. They pay Farmers not to farm so they can keep the prices high
So bringing in billions of more people from other countries sounds good.
Good hope God wipes the Earth clean ,RIP all 🙏
Too many regulations that is why America's going to crap while every other countries pollution is unreal.
fear mongering
For those of us that are old enough, recall driving down the hiway and having to clean all the bugs off the windshield everytime you stopped for gas? Haven't had to clean off my windshield for 20 years now.  In 1977, I saw the reef off of the the Florida Keys. It was stunning. Life everywhere. Last month when diving, 90% of the reef is dead. It's a moon scape.  In 1973, I read a study that put the comfortably sustainable human population at 2.4 billion. 3.4 was the absolute max and would strain.  What I remember most of that study was the prediction that the degradation of habitat for wildlife would lead to countless animals contracting and developing diseases we've never seen. Diseases that would eventually cross over to humans. It predicted one or more of those diseases would wipe out 60-90% of the human population. And, that death spiral for human beings would occur in around 6 months to a year.  So far, I've seen nothing that disputes the reality of that study.  We either figure out how to reduce the human population to 2.5 billion or so, or mother nature will do it for us likely down to one quarter of one half a billion. If that many.
So sorry that I use electricity and drive a vehicle. My existence on this planet is no longer desired. 85 percent of us have to go. Rockefeller gave this speech to the elites 30 years ago. A viral epidemic was needed to make this happen.
Fact: When it's our time it's our time!! 😉 ❤🌎❤♾❤🌎❤
Uh huh....... keep the fear going
It's called the WEF agenda
Wait untill these guilt mongers find out the universe is expanding.
IT HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH THE SIZE OF THE POPULATION.. IT HAS ALOT TO DO WITH EVIL PEOPLE LIVING ON EARTH TRYING TO PLAY GOD
Complete B.S
Breeders are out of control first they killed Jesus and now the world.
Breeders are out of control please please please think of others and not just you and your kids. There is more to life than breeding.
Trying to soften us up the the half-by plan lol
We missed our big chance for a population reset with COVID by shutting down the world. The strong would have survived. The world population has more than doubled in 50 years. If we don't have pandemics or wars to reset the population, we will have 20 billion people on earth starving and without water by the end of the millennia. It doesn't take a professor to figure that out.
Human greed is destroying this planet
The African continent is less populated.
To think that I used to eat this nonsense up. What a joke lol
Sterkte ou maat My voorstel ,almal is stede moet fiets ry
60 minutes is a propaganda farce . The white haired host is a liar.
Human greed
Does anyone think chemtrails pumping aluminum in the atmosphere might be helping this? Last I heard it wasn't too healthy to breathe in aluminum.
Read Jared Diamond's Easter's End:  'As we try to imagine the decline of Easter’s civilization, we ask ourselves, Why didn’t they look around, realize what they were doing, and stop before it was too late? What were they thinking when they cut down the last palm tree?'
Engendered crisis
Unlimited salmon fishing for generations and people surprised that salmon are gone or going extinct.🙄  People are stupid.😒
Politicians all over the world are greedy and selfish.
Hunters exist because they scared overpopulation of wild animals etc. Well then i believe virus and natural disasters will hunt us
So what is the answer. Population control, so which class of people get to live, who chooses which culture thrives and dies. Do the rich and wealthy get to choose how the population is controlled. Or has population control already begun. What better way than engineered viruses.
Too late man's greed has destroyed the earth ! The earth that our creator God has loaned us to worship him on until he returns . Oh no ! But man thinks he knows more than God the one who  gives them breath in their body to live. No man can out do the ALMIGHTY  !!
We deserve everything heading our way. God Bless Our Children
There is an extinction event coming in the next 30 years and it won’t be because of man.   The government blames people but it is the mismanagement of government that creates all the problems.  Special interests groups that pay politicians to be excused from the laws normal people abide by.  Most of this is propaganda.  There has been 8 known extinction events and possible more. The only real extinction is the extinction of man.  Depopulation is not going to fix the greed of politics.   The issue is not doing the right thing so that a few can be rich at the expense of others and what is right.
What BSE contaminated food die off in Louisville Kentucky??
The sulphate deposit from Mercury and Venus are added to our halogenated vinyl and halogenated carbon and nuclear technology pollution.  We have no  look out for the living.
The sperm count of fish populations are much more affected by halogenated vinyl and halogenated carbon than Huma population across the world and we have been tracking for forty years.  The imbalance of boys and girls born is the reflection of declining fish populations in the oceans and coral reefs bleaching.
The news media still refuses to mention the elimination of halogenated vinyl halogenated carbon and nuclear technology as essential to survival of species.
Very nice video and good job
We are life on earth with halogenated vinyl halogenated carbon and nuclear technology.
The rate of extinction is due to halogenated vinyl halogenated carbon and nuclear technology. We have not eliminated these sources of ionization of atmosphere and infertility due to halogenated vinyl and halogenated carbon molecules.
If there's one comment here you read please read this one. It's critical if we are going to solve this problem.  This is ununquoably the reality we are facing. We ARE in the 6th mass extinction, and that is an indisputable fact. Our entire society, our way of life currently entirely depends on the natural world to keep it going. And we are taking it for granted.  Heres the thing, Paul R. Ehrlich's The Population Bomb has long been disproven. The truth that in the near future humanity's population is going to crash regardless if we ruin the natural world. It's absolutely true, look it up, birthrates are plummeting world wide and there are many nuanced reasons for that and a whole of other issues. But here's the thing about that. It doesn't matter. We've already done the damage. Even if most of us suddenly drop dead tomorrow the reality is the extinction will still continue.   Here's the most important thing you need to understand. Do not disregard Ehrlich's words, he's not wrong, entirely. This is where the conversation needs to change and HAS to change if we are going to solve this extinctional threat. It's just a tiny but hugely important change.......The problem is not human population in of itself.....the problem is how we MANAGE our population. Let me put that another way, it's not the size of the population that is the problem, it's the way the population manages itself.  This is the problem. Humanity does not know or understand its place in an ecosystem. The ecosystem is there whether we recognize it or not. Humanity's population can be sustainable, even at our current numbers, but the way we CURRENTLY sustain that population is EMPIRICALLY NOT sustainable. And if we do not recognize and change that paradigm NOW, then all that Ehrlich predicts and much more will come true. None of it good. This is the greatest threat humanity has ever faced.  What is the solution you may ask? After all you've heard me paradoxically give criticism and praise to this video, I must have an antidote don't? I do.  Truthfully it's all so nauced and whatnot but there is a simplicity to it has well.   Humanity and society is built on reactive and extractive ideology. There is nothing sustainable or holistic about it. It's complicated and ignores the natural world, disregarding as unimportant and some how not related. The litterally opposite of all that needs to change.   I like the age old idea of working with nature, but even that comes with certian connotations. It's more then that.   I encourage to research regenerative. Regenerative Agriculture and economy's.   Regenerative ecosystems and design. I highly encourage you to learn about Allen Savory's Holistic Management, it's NOT just a way to approach a form of Agriculture that regenerates soil and sinks carbon, it's actually a system of thinking that is fundamentally holistic, regenerative and sustainable. Understand how old growth forest and their mycelium networks work and the pattern languages that make them stand the test of time. Go watch the documentary "Kiss the Ground", it's a great introduction to the kind of stuff I'm talking about.  We can reverse the damage we've done as a species and move back ontonthe path of a more beautiful, healthy world, we don't even have to give up much of our current lifestyle, it just take a paradigm shift in the way we think and the way we live and manage our lives.
We have Edison generators and dynamos to replace nuclear power plants and fossil fuels power plants and vehicles.  We are not doing what we have agreed to do with regard to nuclear radiation, halogenated carbon and halogenated vinyl pollution .  The decline in species of fish is due entirely to halogenated vinyl and halogenated carbon pollution.  Fishing regulations have no effect on fish populations.  They still refuse to even mention the primary causes of global infertility.  ..
You would think that after 90 years, Ehrlich would consider how many times he's been wrong, and try to predict things properly.
Propaganda.  All these things are fixable but the same elites that are in charge, say the vast masses of humanity have to be culled...just too large to be controlled by them.  Evil
The last days, mid-Revelations. I'm not a hyper-religious person, but could the Bible be spot on?
At 9 minutes you just told poachers where to make a few bucks killing a jaguar. We humans are a terrible species always wanting more and more
You should always offer a tissue when someone cries.
What the heck man… this is why we need to obey Judea and eat bugs
Dont worry the Gr3qt R3set will take care of “over population”….
Propaganda programming
These 5 great extinctions were revealed by Buddha 2600 years ago. Next great one will be in approximately 2400 years.   Average life expectancy will fall to 10 years by then.   So spread loving kindness compassion and try to end your birth cycle by refraining from all bad thoughts and action.   ❤
ChatGPT: " I have a 9 step solution, but you might not like it."
So is Covid population control?  Or it's vaccine?
So many resources are spent on driving, around 30% of North American greenhouse gases are transportation. We drive so much in North America because we have single use zoning separating shops and offices from homes. Switching to mixed use zoning could greatly reduce this. Japan has more mixed zoning and they drive 3.5 times less than Americans while still living a first world lifestyle. By itself that change is not enough. It would be a start that doesn't cost us anything.
4:46 - "Humans have taken over 70% of the planet's land."   ???
Drill baby drill 😊
Anyone who's been up in an airplane and is intellectually honest  knows there's plenty of space, we've hardly made a scratch. As for over population, every man woman and child on the planet today could fit into New York City and only take up ground level space.
If the land and crops were managed better. We'd thrive
Dane Wigington at Geo-engineering Watch has been saying this for how long? 60-Minutes must have just woke up from a long slumber.
Lies
Bla bla bla BS!
In my small corner of the world I've seen the opposite.  Deer populations are out of control, I see more rabbits and squirrels than I ever have, that's even with the coyote population also booming.  I will agree on the bee thing though.  Don't see as many as I used to.  Have enough mosquitos to last a lifetime though.  People say there used to be this or that animal in my backyard when I was younger, etc.  Maybe the animals just migrated to different area?
Oh please!
This planet and civilization will end when God the Creator of it says it will. NOT when man thinks.  Yes it is due diligence to do our best to care for what God has provided.  The time is running short to repent and turn your heart over to Jesus Christ! The life He offers is eternal.  There will one day be a new earth, but only those who believe in Jesus Christ as their Savior will live this promised eternal life with Him and all believers in Him.
This is all obvious. We are labelled as "consumers" by corporations. The biggest change would come from corporate regulations. Stop pumping people with kak food and lying to them that they need more than 1 meal a day. It's a never ending cycle with Food & Drug Administration. They want you to eat crap so you can take pills for the rest of your life. Sies
Adapt or die
Dont stress Bruh! its all good 👍
the answer to the Fermi paradox
I think the human race deserves to end for all we have done, abused, ignored, and used.
Paul Ehrlich has been saying the same BS for decades and hasn’t been close to his predictions.
FOS! We are under populated but we do need to plant more trees while cutting down less trees. Recycling should be a law.
That is quite possibly one of the most heartbreaking things I have ever learned. And as I sit and think about it, it’s just as heartbreaking to realize there is absolutely nothing that will be done to fix it
Lol the false prophets of today 😂
Carlin has been saying the same thing for decades up until he saw the futility. The planet will be fine.
Look at all the sewage on the beaches💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
We've done this to ourselves.. we need to go back to self sufuciency.
Next Mass extinction: Humans
Then why not breed more animals duh
We don’t deserve this world
Where's Thanos when you need him. Smh
Fukushima still dumping tons of radioactive water into Pacific Ocean. Is it a coincidence that massive sea life has also been dying off?
let the nukes start dropping 😂😂😂😂  clear some of us out, lemme make it to 50 and i’ll be fine with leaving this earth
The only solution: A Global obligatory one-child family policy for the next 7 generations.
Everything’s declining because of poisons. Geoengineering, pesticides, glyphosate, vaccines, chemicals in everything, commercial dumping, government testing of nukes, emps, biological pathogens. Everything is poisoned… air, food, water. Wi-Fi and frequencies is now taking its toll on every living thing as well. We’re in bad shape
And so it goes... The Population Bomb and the predictions up to 2000 were at the least off while many were totally wrong. So now we are supposed to give Ehrlich and the other doomsayers another 30 yeasts?  The previous extinction events are why we are here today. Darwin explained evolution. When a species is obsolete, it's time for something new. We can live our lives responsible to today's generations without guilt. If species pass, even humans, then whatever comes next will inherit the Earth.
During the 1970's and 80s, I built bird houses on our property. And there were a lot of birds around. No longer do I see them here in south Louisiana. I just moved back where I lived as a child. I will build bird houses again. I want to see how many will move in and create more babies! I love to record them using my digital video recorder. There is a water line on our road, and I used to see Tad poles before they changed. I used to see Lots and Lots of Frog Eggs. The young ones now playing in the area, do not see that anymore. It's very sad.
What about fish hatcheries ?
It’s not white people fault. Don’t blame white people
8:20 imagine if I can go over there with my buddy to split $1,000 dress up like a tribe member and then she if he can slip me a thousand and then we just go bananas like SpongeBob and Patrick put that on YouTube
6:30 yeah even bought and paid for food that didn't get sold that day which is the the whole point of it all goes into the garbage oh there's a big tribulation coming I can see it happening
6:10 Oh so that's who was yodeling over there
And everyone commenting here will go back to their cars or scooters, eat their cheap food (thanks Monsanto), turn up their heat or AC, and bow down to their favorite celeb or politician who preaches about the environment before hopping on their private jet to their multimillion  dollar tropical vacation.
It's crazy that we don't want to admit on what we've done already to prove its point even biblical side of the story
Homosapien's won't learn or care to listen until it comes down to the last drop of water or food on the table. Funny thing too, is that we're supposedly the smartest species to live on earth. But we can't even maintain it like how we do to ourselves or for our vehicles. We truly are the virus of this world.💯
You need to tell the truth of why this is happening. It is the poisons that is being put into the environment. These rich evil people and their minions are poisoning the world and the people.
Judging by all the brainwashed comments i suggest checking out Neil Oliver on youtube.  cognitive dissonance is rife and that is what is threatening the planet.
I’m 34 this year, but I was aware of this back when I was still in high school. Humanity will never cease expanding and it will be the end of us.
I stand alone thousand of time Yelling. Global.warming....cildrens listen. I have hear parent telling me.. .love thy neighbor....it the only way!!!
2nd comment........native american indian quote......MAN WILL KNOW WHEN THEY CUT DOWN THE LAST TREE.........U CANNOT EAT MONEY  AMEN TO THAT
wow the fishermans hot..........seriously though animals tell us there is something wrong with nature when u see things like this i believe God is taking his animals away or home ready to destroy earth sounds corny but its true man has wrecked an over populated the earth
5:28 younger dryas cough cough
HOW MANY HOMES CARS AND KIDS DO THESE SCIENTISTS HAVE?
WE HAD A GOOD RUN TIME TO EVOLVE. GOODNIGHT
Climate change is not co2. Plants need 1000ppm and the atmosphere is at 400ppm. Why the lie that co2 is killing the Earth? It's plant food.
What about the mega fauna of 12000 years ago?
Ask yourself this simple question, who gets to decide who lives and who dies?? Bill Gates?
so my replies get deleted
The golden age of humanity will end. If we don't get our acts together worldwide we will destroy ourselves.
capitalism has caused a lot of damage there was never any need for
I  live in WA state where the largest timber investment company in the world (Hancock forestry/investments)is clear cutting and then areal spraying huge swaths of land with herbicides.this is habitat destruction on a massive  scale.if this is happening in WA state which is such a progressive state how can this ever change ?every body knows this is happening but nobody will do anything ,why ?   why don't they mention this in their article ? these huge multinational investment corporations are probably the single largest cause of habitat destruction world wide and they don't even mention it on this program ?
Within the first three minutes of the video they literally explain how ecosystems work and the devastating effects it has on all things... ultimately perpetuating the end of existence and increasing climate change. And yet people will protest cow farms and then go out to eat some sushi 😂🤣 they'll burn candles from bath and body works full of palm oil that legitimately throws the entire ecosystem off due to deforestation and yet complain about electric powered cars. They'll push vegan and vegetarian all while buying plant based products full of ingredients that require mass deforestation accompanied by machinery that spews emissions. Obviously they complain about all of this while remembering to stop at the local pharmacy on their way home for their Xanax. The world is a conundrum of hypocrites living in a dystopian version of reality. It's awful but I laugh so I don't get angry 🤗
Out time is coming very near👁
Funny how main stream media say we're over to populated But scientist say other wise  It's hard for them to control more people Have you been to Kansas ? 90% free land 🤣🤦 Who ever watches 60 minutes lives under a rock
Paul Erlich has been wrong on every single prediction he has made for the last 60 years.
I've been trying to tell people that we're overpopulated for years but you just get told you're a conspiracy theorist🙄
This is a super lie
Simply put... United States...stop wasting BILLIONS evens TRILLIONS in military equipment to oppress black ppl and focus on saving the WORLD...
Mankind has shown that when faced with these challenges we can meet them.  We decreased the size of the hole in the ozone, they increased and saved the lives of those jaguars, the USA brought back the nearly extinct Bison.
Joe Biden being in office will only make things worse, that's the SCARY PART. AS IF THINGS CAN'T GET ANY WORSE
It took all of humanity to get to our current population,(8 billion) in 100 years at our current rate will be 32 billion.  I'm sorry, but we are at the end of the road.
Well looks like Africa has plenty of wildlife and resources left for a large population. Looks like the last will be the 1st🤷🏽‍♂️
This isn't new news, it's called The Anthropocene Extinction   Also look up Phenological mismatch  https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgRoK-eyLjomkPmes7u9Bv1j914MgroAn  https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLgRoK-eyLjolmC7Hp1wmaNeyAR4wRlzt8
In the past, mass extinctions were due to natural selection. This one is on US!!!
In the 70s as a kid I could see flocks of birds in the sky   Near lax in Los Angeles I haven't seen a flock in years
The grizzly bears were not eliminated from California from climate change. They went extinct because in the 1920’s due to hunting bounties.
GRREEED!!!
Who are you appealing to for help? Us? We don’t run cooperation’s, we don’t exploit, go after the big guys we just deal with what we have at hand
A load of Nonsense from foolish-thinking people, and their timescale is completely wrong - God gives life and God will Judge man, not because there is no room (just look at Russia or Africa) but because of man's sin. Judgment Day is Here and God Will and IS Judging the earth.
The One percenters are starving the rest of us into submission.
Now
They are ruthlessly hunting Salmon and now blaming its extinction .  it does not make sense to me
Hurry T F up
Never will happen.
Yes I do feel sorry for the animals because they are running out of land all this damn building of homes and everything running them out of their life for the greenery and the Beautiful Earth with the trees and the grass that's where they belong and to be safe there
That's not true all these men who have died in the wars that we have had those numbers are not true
They are in fact turning the friggin frogs gay. *atrazine
And no attention is paid to intentional climate change through weather modification programs.
But we went green years ago….. According to the left.
Stop taking out the forests, Stop building new.. in new places!! Start cleaning out all the empty buildings.Re-Build in those places. It's just sad that all those useless buildings, houses, abandoned places just stand empty. Deteriorating, useless!! But let them stay, but let's take out more woods, Forests, and meadows.... Just SINFUL
History says that no one should be living towards the West Coast. Monsonto poisoned our food sources. Corporate greed is killing everything. Very wasteful. Corporate greed created majority of our problems. Waste food instead of making it more affordable they rather let it rot. Constant building  new real estates instead fixing current properties to reserve resources. technology isn't designed to be fixable or durability. We have a throwaway mentality.  Thank you corporate greedy people. They want us to suffer and say we caused this when they did. Don't forget they are playing weather gods to create favorable weather for growing.
Cool top hear now!     When the Media says this that means it is bad for All Of ManKind now!     Be well now!
It's not the quantity of humans, more about the quality of humans these days.
Not sure how many people travel a lot, but there's a lot of open country.  People just choose to live on top of each other.
FORGET IT,,,  ITS FUKUSHIMA NO GLOBAL WORMING
No problem why worry
None of our political parties in Australia even have a "population policy". The moment you mention there is a problem with the population, you are labeled a racist or dismissed as a "backward thinker".
I’m laughing at this BS narrative😂. The sky is falling!!!
Too many people vs smartphone is millions of electronics and other products in the form of apps. Same companies selling all those now WASTE products and telling scientists what to say. Hmm. LOSERS.
5 billion years old and the earth will be fine for another 5 billions years.
Its about time mankind and its illusions and Gods are ignored for the sake of all other species.
Hogwash....we will have fewer people rather than too much....
Few people have been as consistently wrong as Paul Ehrlich and his wife.  His forecasts in 1968 were extraordinarily wrong.  But he says what 60 minute liberal dinosaur commentators want to preach.  This interview says more about 60 minutes that it does about this nut.  Cue Prince Harry.
Ask Satan Klaus for help .
The planet has been warming for thousands of years. The Great Lakes were formed by melting glaciers. Humanity had nothing to do with that…nor does it have anything to do with it now. Planiyary ice has been melting since the beginning of time. As the ice melts, the rest of the ice melts faster. Just watch a glass filled with ice.
CRAPITALISM
Textbook pseudoscience propaganda… military grade.
If it is the 6th mass distinction, then the truth be known that it is not the end of the planet and actually could be a positive move forward for the planet. That is, of course, so long as the mass extinction eliminates humanity as well.
Amazing how many people believe this propaganda.
Southern California was built on a desert we will go back to being a desert.  🏜 The California grizzly bear became extinct in the 1920's.
Pure lies. These anti human liars and frauds have been wrong about everything. Every prediction and every claim. What is damaging the planet are corruption, incompetence, and deliberate corporate greed. But they never mention that.
CO2 is literally the base food required to sustain all life on earth. Our consumption of it restores the CO2 from sequestration. Humans are literally greening the entire planet. Weather and temps are completely and utterly adaptable - we survived far worse with far less technology. Humans are not a virus to the planet. You are not a virus to your planet. If you believe you are then your beliefs will die along with you since you won't perpetuate your own species while those who believe in humanity will survive. My question to the believers: how many failed predictions does it require to change your mind? How much corruption and manipulation of science and medicine will finally change your mind?
Wow it's almost like Devil's are in charge and every country go figure
Red earth white lies.
This is 99% BS . They want you to believe this crap.  Yes there are animals dying out but that's how it's always been
buy US lol
This news is 10 years old ATLEAST
Grow in to the Chang think as earth changes .build underground old people give up Yung people fight.plant3trillion trees .transform earth live underground .w,e,f death cult.
Transhumanist bull
LOL.... this documentary asks what year the earth will not be able to sustain humanity? And answers "about 1970". The science was obviously wrong. And it is STILL wrong. The destruction of the air, water, soil is intentionally done by the psychopaths running everything. The earth can support us, but not the way we're making disposable garbage. And certainly not by switching to electric cars or solar power. The best solution is returning the majority of people to an agrarian society. Cities are not sustainable. But those psychopaths have already initiated a population decline that cannot be reversed. So too many people are no longer going to be the largest concern.
Human population will peak at about 9 billion, due to laws and not repopulating at the same rate or higher , we will head For about 5/7 billion again. Famine will hit Asia for about a billion/2 people. The world as we know it will cease , our science has to keep up with our population and needs .
So be it.
This guy says is to much people.. Musk says is not goin to by enough... Who is right.. This guy or the smartes guy walking the eart right now
Woooo
The world economic forum says you will not have anything you will not be able to buy anything you will not on anything and you will be fine with it they will feed you bugs while they are eating steaks
WEF funded article.
Europeanization
💯bs.How does anyone but this garbage.Plenty of room and food.But the controllers will tell u the opposite 💯. Because they are liers💯
Reminds me of all the past predictions that have not come to pass, but cost us a lot of money. Guess who got all that money?
So there’s to many people, last year 60 minutes did a piece on birth rates declining .. so which one is it?? Who’s having the babies?
Great Video that explains everything!!!  ❤❤❤❤
They're predicting it because they created it in 2020🤦
Lies promoted by Globalists to control the Sheeple !
Guys never forget, the 20% of the human population make up for 80% of all human consumption.  So when you hear the phrase "EAT THE RICH," know that it is not a figure of speech but actual practical advice...
And people just keep having kids.  I would never bring children into this world.  If you are right now you must not love them very much because they are going to have a very hard life and their kids are most likely going to be the last generation.  Their lives will end due to lack of food and drinking water.  Lovely way to go.  Stop having sex people.
4.5 BILLION TONS OF GLYPHOSATE SPRAYED ANNUALLY !
The answer is…. Never. It will be regulated by nature. That terrifies us that we as humans will die. Idk why, every human that has ever or will ever live will die. It’s what happens. The 6th or 8th extinction event? Look around. There is life everywhere. Eventually resources run short and the population will fall as a result then resources will be there and the population will swell. It’s a tale as old as time. Why are we so invested in “the end” I’ve outlived 7 “end of days” predictions.
sooner us humans are gone the better
This is all LIES!! All inflated and in accurate to advance an agenda!!
lies and damn lies
Ugh ok we get it, we're all dead.
$1000 to not cut down a forest. Who is cutting down a forest for $999. 😭
Set the animal issue aside, life is getting WORSE for humans with population growth. PERIOD.
It will never be to big 😄 🤣 😂
Relax, Earth is just fine without humans and the extinction is a fact that no species can avoid. So... Buckle up!!
You guys are the ones who want Christmas presents.
Rock solid(e)? Depends on how you pronounce it. Rocks uh lied or iitt
If you think over population is the problem...start with yourself
Oh so it's us people & not from all the industrial pollutions....ok sure but I call bs on this whole episode..and if it's is coming it couldn't come at a better time..
Blame China and your spot on.
Build a line lol
I remember it too in my hometown in Texas growing up there used to be frogs in any dense vegetation I even remember it raining more often there were tons more crickets and insects spiders etc in general. Now I never see a random frog in a yard anymore and it seems the dominant insects I see are flies and mosquitoes. Others like dragon flies, butterflies, moths spiders etc are all declining right in my front yard. I'm only 36.
GOD knows y'all are y'all better find God and praise him literally it's only 1 Holy Almighty GOD Most High on the money 💲 himself 👑 forever
Homeostasis will be reached whether we comply or not…
MAN HAS NOT NO PROBLEM YET ,,NOT YET,,
All of his predictions,  not one has come true .
At this rate... Future.. "if any survive" civilizations will look back through the records, as our collapse of life as the SECOND "Permian–Triassic extinction event" .  . .  Time will tell our story, we won't.
Industrialization destroys naturalization creating deforestation.
Nature and humans must be in balance
Same thing in Greece.  Wondering about Alaska?
Too many out of control hormones, drug stimulants and sexual advertisements. No self abstinence practice. Chemicals in the drugs and foods. That keep hormones out of control. That's the problem. Well hey, they say sex sells!
We have a lot of answers to live on this planet. The concept of permaculture holds a lot of those ideas. We have the intelligence to redesign how we live. The designs we use for our food, water and land use are poor designs. Tilling the land to farm is one of those poor designs. All it does is release huge amounts of carbon into the atmosphere and kills the soil biology. We have a lot of solutions. We all just need to unite with a common purpose.   Nam Myoho Renge Kyo 🙏
Too many people is a lie. Greed is the problem.
Quality propaganda.  Thanks for sharing.
2 solutions... corporate elitist 1984 globalism along with extreme eco fascism and owning nothing and eating bugs, or ww3 (might as well be nuclear)... pick your poison people :D
Now I wish I was born earlier. I'm certainly not a child. I'm 25 years old, but I still have at least several decades on this planet. Maybe 5 or 6? That is a long time to live with ever worsening conditions. I'm scared to imagine what life will be like for my generation when we are old and even worse for the next generation, if there will be enough left for them or us to survive. Maybe I won't get to live to be old.
Haha. Liberal extremist scientists say we’re all gonna die due to climate change? Shocking.
save the planet, save ourselves!
The 6th mass extinction will happen. It will not be stopped.
Yes. Over consumption. Profit based economic global system. This is adopted by the super greedy rich. Get rid of them maybe.
i have been in numerous flights over the world and looking down one sees how much land there is..the only problem with sustainablity is that the farmers dont get enough money to produce..or the transport of the food to areas of lower income is not seen as being profitable..it is all about greed..one person wants to wear fine clothes, drive a new car, eat expensive foods, etc..regardless of other people in the world...sure we might have to give up some of our stock dividends..but itnt it worth it for the good of the world?
The amount a country pollutes is strongly positively correlated with the amount its government controls its economy.
The next epidemic may wipe out most of the worlds population, imagine a virus that causes death within hours without us animals would flourish of course but would be a world without purpose since were here to worship and follow God only which is our main purpose here and not to try and save the planet since this is not our permanent home, the world and all things will end one day and is currently a sinking ship but God has given you a lifeboat his son Jesus Christ who came to save us for those that believe Jesus Christ  is the son of God will live forever
This is NOT because of too many people!!! This is because people—- governments and corporations especially— have forgotten how to live in harmony with nature— They have just forsaken nature altogether! Anyone who wants to blameshift this FACT onto overpopulation is incredibly stupid!!! These people wet the bed— and blame the blanket-!!!!!!!!!!!
The planet is needing a break or a reboot. It will get its way 👍
Genius strategy should be put in place.I have some strategic answers that may help.Too many over scaling on architecture and misuse of types of obtaining food.Covid,stripped out many people,even if there’s new births.Mass euthanizing isn’t the answer. Trump had animal rights taken away.There’s a way to farming in agriculture way better. Climate change Trump also took the clean air act away. President Biden has been doing clean up after Trumps demonic destruction, but more better minds need to beat out the destructive the threatening ones in the tyrannical tactics.
Humanity IS SUSTAINABLE. - What's being said here is just not true... Do we need revision? - yes. - We'll have no choice.
YOU JUST BECOME AWARE OF IT NOW??
We need to thin the heard
The American way where everyone wastes, and uses uses uses, Has got to go.
Hope we don’t start living the movie “Logan’s Run” where once a human gets to 30 it’s time for you to cease to exist due to overpopulation.
Let's be honest here, it was PERTTY MUCH brought to us by Scientists...
They always talk about the mass extinction of other animals but they don’t talk about the mass extinction of humans through wars like Putin and that happening rn because we don’t if humans disappear it happens every day, another bites the dust
🤡🤡🤡🤡
Ehrlich — who has defended mass sterilization, sex-selective abortion, and infanticide — is the author of the infamous 1968 eco-doom bestseller The Population Bomb, which generated mass hysteria over the future of the world and the earth’s ability to sustain human life, yet was demonstrably proved wrong.  In the book, he prophesied that hundreds of millions would starve to death in the 1970s (65 million of whom would be Americans); that already-overpopulated India was doomed; and that odds were fair that “England will not exist in the year 2000.”
To start the process stop allowing rich poor privileged children to stop making large families 15 years of no  human producing .
Keep taking your boosters. You will save the planet 😂
save humans first.
if we stopped wasting money on wars and put the trillions into resources to fix things, only way we can be saved is get rid of the greedy scumbags in our society
so over fishing caused it ? thats what your saying here ?
so lets get ride of the democratic party and save some
We must put limits on how many kids people can have. These folks that have small herds of children are being irresponsible and placeing the earth and people at risk. There just is not enough room to put them or food to feed them. I know, people are going to say i can afford that many kids, but thats not the point. Where are they going tp live, woek and eat. We are beyond the tipping point. Wake up folks.
Go to yellow stone, wait for the explosion, then report to everyone what it felt like.🙂
EARTH says "PARASITES I HATE PEOPLE".
NO COMMON SENSE
Listen to what he said. All doom and gloom. If everyone can remember when they said global warming?  Now it’s called climate change.😮
Dinosaurs were the aliens during it's time
the closing sentence says it all... "IF the science is right"  paul ehrlich has been wrong about everything
RIGHT     WE NEED TO STOP OVER POPULATION AND DESTROYING THE WORLD           ITS CALLED SMART LEADERSHIP
This piece is 100% nonsense. Activists and environmentalists (who are often backed by well off elites with questionable agendas) often distort issues to fit their own agenda. Even within the first 15 seconds making the claim that the world is over populated is highly suspect. Also I would not give the "scientists" and more credibility than you would a policy analyst from a right wing think tank. For example Paul Erlich has been thoroughly debunked. At the end of the day what the real agenda is, is to create a narrative of impending disaster to justify unnecessary austerity on 95% of the population while the elites enrich themselves. This biggest fraud of all is climate change which is 100% made up.   I do environmental policy and land use work and I hear these chicken little stories day in and day out used to justify literally every policy imaginable.
I knew it .. I've know for the last few years there is too many of us .. we're killing ourselves
Humans are being depopulated too. Earth is just owned by aliens. It's kinda obvious.
The end of the earth caused by ourselves. Good job people
RESPONSABILITY.... WESTERN LEADERSHIP.....A COCKTAIL HIPOCRISY AND BADASS.
What’s sad that 99.99% of people watching this either don’t care or won’t do anything to help the change
Mature civilizations' population tends to level out and even decline, as people decide to have fewer children because of the expense and general want of not being a parent. The United States is actually in this period, but our insistence on importing millions of poor migrants ( for whatever nefarious reason) artificially goes against this  healthy and natural trend. Anyone advocating for action against climate change, and the negative effects of more population, should therefore be against the completely open border that we now have. Yet most are not. How could this be?  We could be the shining example to the world on this, but we are not.
LIES PERPETUATED BY THE ELITES,  HAS BEEN GOING ON FOR DECADES.  IF THEY HAD IT THERE WAY THE WORLD WOULD LOOK LIKE A MARVEL MOVIE WITH THANOS SNAPPING HIS FINGER. THE ONLY DIFFERENCE IS THEY WILL ALL LIVE..AND WE DIE . NOT A RANDOME 50% DEAD.
Profit; the end that justifies all expense. Profit. Why think about anything else? Profit, or someone else will. With all due respect to the future of all life on Earth, it's just Business.
They killed the bears on purpose...an it was just the grizzly they still have alot of black bears
"killing our way of life" - does he mean the 'capitalist way of life ? In the us everything is only 'dollars' ? How much does 60 min pay this 13.16 min ? Sensation reporting all over again. It only misses the "breaking news" title. Some FACTS are not in the equation: 1/3 of the earth is land of which only 1/3 is populated - mainly high concentrations. And the 'American way of life' is the only goal for "success". All of it only based on "men to mens injury" because of greed by the happy few and the stupidity of the masses fed with bread and games - as in Roman times. This kind of world powers disappear in just a day. And that is just the good news ! 'The meek will inherit the earth' - that is another fact written in ancient times...
I don't think so. We'll see human depopulation very, very soon!
Humanity can be sustainable but that would mean eating what is local for example there are no salmon where I live but we got a bunch of catfish an another thing is America waste so much food that was never even bought I think vice did a story on a couple who only got food from grocery store dumpsters and it was food still in its packaging an some of the dumpster were filled to the top an tossing fruits and vegetables that had a little bruise on it...atleast allow people to take it because the stores said it had to be thrown away...such a waste
This reporting of news is loaded with LIES & deceitful DUNG!!! 666
Too many people? Nah it’s money and greed that caused this. Don’t blame us blame your selves. I have witness this with my own eyes.
Send it on. Mother earth knows what she is doing !!
I am biologist from kashmir india. I also agree with this but through my own observation and experiments. My opinion regarding the extinction is slightly different from this.
Wow that's bad, we are consuming 175% more than what our earth can produce. Nothing good can come this
Doom and Gloom.  Dude lied right off the bat.
What do you think covid was? It was a test run for the great reset....
5-10 percent of the world has known this was happening for a long, long time. Another 5-10 percent are here watching things like this now and learning and genuinely concerned. It's the other 80-90 percent of humans whose only concerns are social media and mass consumption that are the problem. It's a myth that the planet can't support 8 billion people. It can support 3 times that easily. It's our careless way of existing on this planet that is wreaking havoc. Worst to blame are the 3 percent of millionaires and billionaires. Their level of consumption is absolutely ridiculous. And they are simultaneously the Presidents, CEOs and executive level workers who need to be the ones leading the charge to change this.
Why don't you young people go back and read books from 1967 through 1974 and you will see that everyone on the planet ignored what they were being told and said science could fix it. News flash science and its dreams have turned into nightmares.  So now everyone knows science does not have the answers to clean up one River because no one could afford it.   And now 50 years later there is probably not one clean river in the whole United States. It was the same science Liars who said plastic pollution could find a solution.  Now we all will pass along plastic nightmare in our own bodies to our children.  Everyone has taken part in this problem and you all better start walking and Learn To Pray Again. There is no religion on Earth that can escape it's guilt as part of the problem either it's time to go look in the mirror and cry because you're looking at the problem
Something going on with the comments here. Many “people” are mentioning that they have noticed a decline in birds and bees etc. all of these comments are using very similar structure of sentences and similar vocabulary. Hmmm
Great video,  have always known there’s more to life than meets the eye, I feel like in this life i am supposed to be doing more than i am doing for the people i love. been seeking for an eye opening enlightenment, a way to be more influential, powerful and protected!
Does this seem ridiculous to anyone else. Why is he crying when there are very few fish left and he still wants to catch them.  He is another generation ignoring the fact that he is destroying himself with greed
Oh well
As the saying goes, good riddance to bad rubbish.
Good, the world needs to end and anarchy so it can start over.
Earth, unless we blow it up, will be fine.  Mankind is on its way out. As a boomer, I miss it.
a) what species ought to be there and what ought to die out naturally as they've always done b) animal species are dying from human activity
Greed of rich and breeding of poor needs to stop 🛑
It's amazing how many people believe whatever is put in front of them and have no way of proving or disproving a story.
Science has now become so politicized to the point of researchers targeting their research not for the truth but to bolster their sides political agenda. It's now up to the public and the public square to exercise the critical thinking to question everything. And as we can see since this has been happening the system is now trying to silence us on social media and using the words "misinformation" and "conspiracy theory" and others... We will inherit the future we deserve by the actions or nonactions of today.
humans are like covid virus.
I know it's only a couple weeks but I do construction in California. Haven't worked more than 3 days in the last 3 weeks due to rain 🤣 it's flooding in so many areas.
we are like cancer to the earth 😢
I don't even need to watch the whole thing just the first 2 minutes and I will assume they don't talk about how Africa, India and China have to many people.....let's see if I'm right
Why say it’s our population instead of our ways which we choose which alter the balance with nature? The problem is that we ARE killing the planet through our choices not our population, we have many to fix much which has been destroyed.
Lol 1970!
What a bunch of BS !!
Do we hate our grandchildren, great grandchildren, and beyond? CLEAN UP OUR ACT
Dopes Dopes  … Stanford Dopes  👎
Was listening until I heard California
Don’t have kids
The problem with Dr. Paul Ehrlich is that he’s too optimistic.  (Dr. Guy McPherson and his colleagues are more realistic.)  We haven’t even got a decade left.  Watch those polar ice caps because once one of them goes… the shizzy will really hit the fizzy; Sci-fi grade storms will trash global food production, both wild and domesticated.  Bye-bye, folks!
I hope anyone who watches this video  Google the  map of where most people live on the globe. This problem is more about power and greed, causing these problems, products that we didn't ask for.
They left out all of his predictions about Humanity collapsing down to 3 million people by 1980 and many other things he was completely wrong about. He had a hypothesis, it was tested over decades, nearly every prediction provided by his hypothesis was wrong yet now I should believe a crazy doomsayer? Go away chicken little.
Humans need to be more environmentally conscious.   No doubt about it.  Developed countries need to better utilize natural resources. We have ~ 350 million people here in the US alone.    At the same time, major population control needs to happen in developing countries like India for example.   India has 1.5 billion people and they keep procreating like feral cats.    The problem I have with a lot of extreme environmentalists is a focus on restricting development and growth in Western countries, but they want to give carte blanche to the rest of the world.  It has to be balanced.
All lies. Stop burning CA. Humans are doing this. Ugh!
So.....where are all the people? Not out on the streets,I'll tell you that. Europa is dead after work. Houses are dark. When we drive trough Europe, the smaller cities looks like the twilightzone. I see another vision. We are fooled. We are not to many. We are naiv, unintelligente and stupid. That is what kills us. Greed and ego.
Now gain of function research makes more sense when the goal is population reduction.
Bullcrap. Standing up, the 7 billion people who were alive in 2010 would have been accommodated on the islands of Zanzibar  – 1,554 square kilometres (600 sq mi). Keep following the science all the way to your grave.
Pure lies. The earth can sustain any number of humans. The problem is the greed of a few people who grab all the resources meant for many, and unwholesome practices. Where I live, farmers use pesticides liberally as if they are building swimming pools with it. I do not use a drop of that stuff on my land.
hOpE lol
good people were gods worse invention..
I thought it was about the jabs.. never mind..
In theory we produce enough manure to be sustainable.
Seems to me like both Russia and China are already helping the cause to reduce the current human population in different ways. ☠️
SHAME!!... :(
Can't believe you gave a forum to that hateful and stupid crank. He has only been wrong about everything.
Meanwhile Elon Musk says, humans are not reproducing. ANYONE THAT BELIEVES THIS CRAP should understand they are pushing a “end of world” narrative! Think about it, war is happening and the elites want Nuclear war.
This extinction has been going on for the past 35 000 years.
The land mass of Hawaii is 28311 square km. You can fit the entire world population on the island of Hawaii with each individual occupying a 1.9 by1.9m square..... What is the threshold of overpopulation?
I’m disappointed in our species. We can and should do better. Mother Nature will not be so merciful.
Please stop this madness, save the animals!!!!!!!!!!!
In Sweden, where I'm from, we use wood from our forests for most buildings. So why does our country still mainly consist of forest?  The answer is simple, we rotate our consumption of forest, replanting the forest in places we have previously harvested from, only revisiting the same are 20 years later.  The problem is not the consumption, it is the lack of foresight. Companies only care about profit and rebuilding is not profitable.  They only think of what they can earn now, leaving the problems if the future for others, since they know they themselves will be dead then.
Fusion promises to see planet overrun &  overpopulated. With "unlimited energy" there is unlimited destruction.
The wild isn't VANISHING, the climate hasn't CHANGED. The planet has been plundered & abused.
All this scientist couldn't see the airplanes which are spraying us like lab rates!? Deception and only deception!
They'd like to convince you that ots a population problem when it's not. Its the way we live. Theres nothing wrong with how many there are of us. It's that we're obsessed with the next best thing, the new thing, the new iPhone, the new car. Etc... thats our problem
BBC, you forgot Geoengineering aka weather warfare aka Climate engineering aka albedo enhancement aka stratospheric aerosol injection aka solar radiation managment.
As if I didn't need more reasons to h8 people.
And people still don’t believe the Bible. Get a clue people it’s unfolding right before our eyes everything God said that was going to happen. And yet just like in Noah’s day people aren’t listening.
Humans have NOT taken over 70% of land or 70% of water. Absolute bologna
I know the best answer to solve this extinsion: take 2 of every animal, put on a boat for 14 days untill the flood go away, then repopulate the earth, according to the bible it worked perfectly in the past.
Proverbs 29:2 (KJV) When the righteous are in authority, the people rejoice: but when the wicked beareth rule, the people mourn.  The people are mourning…who’s rules the earth right now?
A nuclear war will do the trick
And that's why we have covid for population control
The only real overpopulation is in Africa but mostly southeast and east Asia. Grizzlies have been rediscovered in NW Mexico and southern California.
Most of the world is unihabited by people.
Excellent Production,  Awareness.  Just a few watched in the Hospital  I was in,  I escaped. Thanks ✌
Nothing we can do because no one will cooperate
There is more than enough land for everyone  The world population can fit into the state of Texas!! This is all part of the Evil Controllers Agenda  Exposed  WWG1WGA
Most salmon die after spawning. Dead Salmon in streams and rivers is a natural part of nature.
This video was great. Made me buy Nabisco stock because I was fiending for nutter-butters so hard.
3:38 in. I'm predicting that we learn to love eating bugs.
This is actually so scary
Humans deserve to be exterminated
Wrong for 50 years, won’t change their positions 😂🤣😊
*c*vid has interd the chat*
The planet will regrow once humans are gone. We are the plague
How sad that you believe this lie. Next you will all agree to depopulate the world. Or have a 1 child to 0 children law like China. We do need to take care of what God has given us.
Yah but big companies and the government will not change.
Get rid of all the world "leaders" flying yearly to Davos. Get rid of every "rich" person in the USA and you can have 30-40 billion people in the world with plenty of resources left over. Let that sink in.
Nice job 60 minutes... Too bad you're about 45 years too late to send this message not that it would make a difference anyway people become so selfish and ignorant... It's pretty much inevitable and I hate to say but we do reap what we so...
Every problem is created by government. They always blame YOU. Then comes their preplanned solution to save the planet.  This plane.t will chew up everything and spit it out.  It's all about people control. Those who have everything want you extinct. GREED kills all. The earth always wins everytime.
Well I definitely have to say at this point it would be too late to put a condom on..
Family of doom wife and husband, what a great combination. "Laughing in African " 🤣
The problem is... you can't tell people not to have kids, they want to have a family.  It's natural to reproduce.  Elon Musk says we need more people to take care of the older generation.  The solution?  I think AI is going to be the solution, in the future we will all have robot companions instead of a human mate, which will reduce the population.  The robots will take care of us.
Yes that is correct and that timeline is like clockwork when it comes to the 27 million year mass extinction. It is inevitable... This is I believe in actual occurrence and cycle that the earth goes through but I also believe that we contributing.. and speeding up the process with our carelessness and selfishness and glutton and waste behavior
They never cared about people dying in Africa but they care about fish and plants... Haha Joke
Let's not forget Fukushima disaster everything from South Pacific is contaminated... I disagree at least they're getting closer to the census reports I believe we're at 9 billion people on the planet there's no way to get a complete accurate account... And with disasters like Fukushima that completely contaminated South Pacific which is probably up to east coast and the West Coast.. it's going to be a chain reaction down the species salmon tuna etc etc.. I believe 2% of the world population lives off a seafood...... Well good luck... And say your prayers cuz Jesus is coming the wrath of God is nothing to be taken lightly......
A lot of BS in the mix. Too much people, even more waste. This are the same people who warned about peak oil.
oh no... anyways
Too many people. He’s full of bs
Plant trees everywhere of all diversity
POV you get served your dinner in 2080   “Its corn”
I guess major wars did serve a purpose. Rough.
If we weren't allowing millionaires to make PRODUCTS WE DONT NEED!!! & Products that are MADE TO BREAK! (A.K.A. Planned Obsolescence!!) Imagine how much LESS GARBAGE we would have!!  Planned Obsolescence was an idea from Mr. Sloan of GM Motors taken to Congress to increase the "ECONOMY"!! Planning to make parts that break instead of parts that last (they don't make em like THAT any more!!) so consumers would have to keep purchasing parts for their vehicles WAS THE BEGINNING OF THE END OF THE WORLD!!  There's a light bulb still lit in a fire station from the 1800's.. before Planned Obsolescence!! & lightbulbs that were MADE TO DIE AFTER 200 HRS!! NOW... EVERY ITEM MADE TODAY, IS MADE TO BREAK. TELL YOUR CONGRESSMAN/WOMAN YOU WANT PLANNED OBSOLESCENCE STOPPED!!! Additionally, IMO... If a company like say.. COLGATE, figures out how to make a toothpaste that whitens your fkn teeth! They should have to just add that feature to their toothpaste as a means to get consumers to want THEIR BRAND! NOT MAKING A SEPARATE FKN BOX & CHARGE AN EXTRA $2 MORE!! JUST ADD IT!! NOBODY NEEDS 65 DIFFERENT KINDS OF FRICKING TOOTHPASTE TO CHOOSE FROM!! When you have a product, you should be limited to 2 or 3 types. NO MORE!! IF YOU HAVE FIGURED OUT HOW TO MAKE IT BETTER!! THAN MAKE IT BETTER!! BECUZ IT WILL MAKE YOUR PRODUCT BETTER THAN YOUR COMPETITION!!! & PEOPLE WILL "CHOOSE" YOUR BRAND!!! Not so you can add another box to the shelf!!!  The Dollar Store!! Family Dollar!! Dollar Tree!! All of the GARBAGE!! THAT BREAKS AFTER A WEEK!! PHONE CHARGERS???? DO YOU KNOW,?? THE EU WHOM GOVERNS ELECTRONIC PRODUCTS FORCED APPLE INTO SUBMISSION!! NO LONGER ALLOWED TO MAKE THEIR OWN iPhone Chargers!! Forcing them into making the iPhone work with the "Class C" Charger!! "CLAIMING"!! THERE WAS TOO MANY CHARGING CORDS IN OUR GARBAGE!!! WHAT??!!!! BUT THE DOLLAR TREE CAN SELL THE CLASS C CHARGERS??? THAT LAST 4-6 DAYS??? Okay!!!!!! Yeah!
Amazing to me is that this whole thing did not mention the fact that our insistence on eating animal products is a MAJOR driver of habit loss, a big part of the solution that each and every one of us can participate in three times a day is what we are choosing to put on our plate. Our insistence on glyphosate as a viable farming practice doesn't help, and then there is the fact that each and everyone on of us enjoying a typical western lifestyle will need to consume less ... way less. I walk around the shops sometimes and I see all these clothes, plastic this and that, all this 'stuff' that we just don't need. It's all being produced at a great cost - I can only hope and pray we realise and stop this consumeristic madness in time. At the root of it all, we need to understand and reflect on 'what would love do'? What does the heart really need and focus on that?
They need to quit stocking fish, fisheries that stock actually have LOWER amounts of fish.
research #opMockingbird
BS we've gotten so much better at farming since the 70s. Farmers in Netherlands being shut down. Fuel and expenses being too high for farmers to make profit. All of the food warehouse distribution centers. It's been planned.
Ive always thought people foolishly consume without respect to our Earth…makes me sad…managing human growth is a serious matter…the less the better
Well! I'll be damned! I guess THE COVID JAB will fix this issue!! Well the heart attacks will!😱
SpaceX is on to something
'Collapsing salmon populations due to habitat destruction, warming, and pollution.' Those are just a few factors, but the biggest issue is overfishing. Animal consumption at current levels can never be sustainable for wildlife, humans, or the planet. Scientists have known this for decades, yet powerful interest groups (global fishing industry, big dairy/big beef) have done everything they can to keep the public from seeing the truth.
Evidence shows that population is going to diminish, birth rates are lower than ever before … can’t overpopulate if no one is having kids ….. we sure this isn’t propaganda to implement more restrictions on citizens ?
Omg these people are worse than meteorologists, how many times can they be wrong and still be revered as experts?
Heartbreaking. Terrifying. Such a waste of life. And it all comes down to short-sighted greed. Criminal.
yep, it happened and we did not even notice it in 1970!
Try telling this to the climate change deniers, they are the ones that are contributing to our own demise  lol
Many dark years ahead.... and yet, not soon enough...
Does anybody remember the early morning bird song. In spring at dawn you couldn't here your self speak, millions of song birds. Now even in the countryside it's noticeable. I'm 73 and as guilty as anybody. It's nearly to late because of our greed.
Saying that we need to depopulate the earth in order to save the environment is a road to eco fascism.
This should surprise no one. Humans are the planet's wors virus.
One thing that jumps out to me is how we used to see lots of bees where I live-honeybees, bumblebees and wasps. Now we dont see many bees, a lot of wasps but not as many as we used to and I cant remember the last time I've actually seen a bumblebee around here.
Everybody on earth fits shoukder to shoulder in just text they are lying
If I had money I would give it all to savalia. Thank you for everything you are doing you are a great example that should be followed around the world.
Try getting medical help for a wild animal, discover veterinarians are in it for the money and even if having that can't even bribe them to help non enslaved animals cuz its all fda locked  Go to the pet section, consumer central with 80 food brands all selling burnt brown protein balls and isles of "toys"   No medication except for cats and dogs for fleas and its price gouged  Humans arnt over populated were just shty
🐂🐂🐂🐂🐂🐂🐂🐂🐂🐂🐂💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩💩
We are killing planet earth and the only ones enjoying it are the ultra rich meanwhile everyone else working away
Reminds me of the movie Don’t look up, we’re to distracted to realize what’s truly happening. It will be the end of society
All the smart women I know are not having children. This spares their potential offspring from the suffering that will occur.
This is 100% greed, clear cutting (deforestation), pollution and waste water / oil spills and has NOTHING to do with population ! Corporate Farms, Corporate Fossil Fuels, Corporate Air Pollution and leaders than squander out taxes to make the previously mentioned wealthier !  The mass extinction is correct, the root cause BS and the solution is out of reach because humanity cannot rid themselves of Greed, Propaganda and Waste !  The population angle is all about Gates and Others buying up small farms, public land and playing Monopoly with out lives !
And then,......perfectly healthy humans just died suddenly
1-2 kids per family. After that mandatory requirement to get tubes tied and vasectomy. Problem solved.
So Why Are they showing us all this B.S ? What about the governments ? They tax everyone to death they can’t deal with this ? They always make documentaries about this and nothing ever happens .
Animal agriculture is the reason.  Factory farms are also ticking time bombs for new pandemics.
When you think about Humanity you have to understand that humanity died years ago with humans. You can never convince a person they're killing themselves.
Overpopulation is a myth.
Stop eating meat!!!!!!
Why do people keep saying we’re not having enough kids then
Over population is the biggest problem in the world right now.  It’s not sustainable.
I’ve been hearing this forever and nothing yet.
Our Mother Earth has not been treated respectfully or as an equal. Those that control the resourses
Greed rules,thank you corporations
~ oh it’s the age of Aquarius, the age of Aquariuuuuuuuus ~
Interesting subject.  It amazes me if you put a few extra letters before or after your name. Say you're from  this school or that school.  You can pretty much say and get people to believe what you're saying is the way it is or the way it is going to be.   When no one really knows the past or the future.  And we have not been taking care of what we should be today. We assume we have evolved from an ape. Because someone came up with a flawed idea that seems to be logical and makes some kind of sense we as humans  think we understand.   What do we really have to go on?  Passed down stories and tradition. And things we have dug out of the ground.  And someone with letters before or after their name tells us that’s what it is. Or that is how ancient civilizations lived and thought.  I’m not denying that there aren't any recorded ancient documents.  With the history of civilizations recorded from their time. Lol. That only goes back to a certain point in human accounting of  time. A big question I have is.  Throughout ancient history as far back as we currently know of it. Seems to repeat the same barbaric overlord structure and originated societies that have failed throughout history.  Where did that mentality and thinking process come from and why? Why does humanity keep repeating it.   Where did the idea come from? That anyone individual or group of individuals is superior over another.  Then exploit it to one's advantage. Until absolute power, corrupts absolutely   (not my quote. It’s been around a lot longer than I have.) Why is it, up until the last 2600 years  there have been  3 fractions of belief humans have held.  They may still exist to this day.  That has always divided humanity.  1  the pagan belief in many gods. And what it represents in cultures that practice it.  Example greek teaching and myths along with the romans, the different tribes in africa, in the americas. 2 judo-christian belief in only one god, the creator of everything.  Based out of the middle east and spread throughout the entire world 3 Krishna the belief in enlightenment through reincarnation and stages of development.  7 cycles of 7 beings ( have to cut me break on this one. Caught a documentary on the explanation. Of the belief cycles, and the shockers to reach enlightenment,  It to is ready to change to it’s next world cycle as well.)  I believe it’s practiced throughout asia.  Thinking it is part of the muslim faith. But not 100% There belief is also humanities destruction to return to the next cycle.  The last one wiped humanity out by water.  This destruction comes by fire.  As it;s written.  Where or why did the differing belief systems come from? In the different regions of the planet.   But they all follow pretty much the same cycles of the rotation  of the stars and planet alignment and cycles of the zodiac for perspective of cycles of time.   We are currently in one of those cycles of change.  Pisces to aquarius. Cowincdec to were we are at currently in time. As well as word events taking place. And technology is advancing faster than it has ever advanced in human history.  Dating back to where we can.  Imo for humans to  save the planet and humanity.  It will take a major shift. In thinking and changing how we live and current systems we use today.  Like the monetary system. Needs to change to a global recourse system.  Every country and person in it has what they need to live and survive daily.  Food, water power shelter, medical needs taken care of. The planet was left in our charge,  there are more than enough renewable global resources that the planet can hold billions of more people.  If managed correctly.  Managed for total humanity gain,  not for a few to gain and the rest of us want.  That's not humane or ethical as humans go. Imo  A shift in thinking also brings with it a shift in views and values.  We are working for each other and the community.  Freedom to pursue and develop natural talents and gifts we are born with.  No one is left out.    Look at the north american tribes and their tribal structure.  Back 1500-1600- 1700’s It’s pretty amazing actually. Community was a unit and most tribes lived, worked, traveled and fought as a unit.  If they didn’t. They didn’t survive.  They lived free and in abundance in balance with what was entrusted to them
Quran 112
60 minutes Australia is fake news given what they did to Peter Schiff. Abandon the mainstream hacks.
When I was a kid, I used to see small toads, frogs when near water, all manor of bugs. Windshields used to be covered in bugs. Not anymore.
It’s business people fault they buy land and destroy it instead of using land that has buildings that need to be removed and can build another building companies are to blame
At least I’ll be dead when the earth comes to troubling times. The main reason why am afraid of having children. I can only imagine what they would go through. No children for me. The earth was already destroyed by the early European explorers
Who cares about life on earth when we could have quarterly profits for shareholders?  WONT SOMEONE THINK OF THE SHAREHOLDERS?!
Climate lockdowns here we come! And you'll go happily.
The gospel of Mathew: 😇 we’ve rebelled against Gods law, So there for society has become wax-cold, race against race, religion against religion.  So there for the day will become shorter, and the earth will rotate faster 1.8 seconds faster, earth quakes, volcanic eruptions, pestilence, wars, rumors off.  The Bible is 80% complete, and I know wholeheartedly the remainder, 20% is True to. 😢 but that’s what happens when you follow Cain.  I call it (a time for 😊 gladness) and a time for sadness 😢  Have a great day and keep thy faith in grace. 😇 and follow GODs law, and the rest will take care of itself. In Yeshua’s / Jesus name. 🙏
Anecdotal stories of poor management woven to create another "people are the virus" narrative. The truth is there is a great population decline and people shortage coming. Do a little research.
You people believe anything.
Paul Urlick has been ever been correct. He's been saying the same bs for decades. Globalist liars.
BS
Capitalism
I have lost all hope I severely wish there was something that could be done but idk
OK, depopulation it is.  Who's first?  Who decides?
That is all they know is total BS!
Yep, by the time you realize what's going on, it's already too late.
Riddle me why we've had large upticks in 'excess death' (human death rates long-term statistical norms)... not in 2019... not in 2020... but in 2021 + 2022.  Hint:  It's not Covid.  And, no, it's not Global Warming.  But it is man-caused.  Go on, tell us why.  If you dare to admit it.
Welp…guess I will Be thinking again about not having another baby.  This is hella scary.
Funny how the government won’t stop the big corporations from over fishing or over logging. Or how the government won’t stop the big casino’s from wasting water out west
That’s what zoos are for
But isn’t there a lap currently being created to create  babies?
"If the science is right?" Whose "Science" are we talking about? The Global Warming Fraudsters?
Ain't that some sh*t
It's called the Democrat Party !
No such thing as too many people. Just too many for the people at the top to control. 60 Minutes has no credibility. If you watch this I am sorry you aren't intelligent enough to be aware that we can have 10 billion plus people with the right things in place. Happily, Easily. Look it up.
60 minutes has no credibility.
Look at them giving us their narratives bc they know bible prophecies about to be fulfilled...7 Seals are otw
Tv media disappearing.
It is too late. Greed has taken over, evil has won and momentum is already unstoppable.  This will all end when humans begin to die off. Once our population declines down to sustainable levels the earth will bounce back. We are headed to that moment with wars, disease and starvation.
There's plenty of space on the earth
This is a bunch of lies to make people accept the governments depopulation agenda. These people are puppets for the government
Well I hope some people are working on some how re stocking
✌🏼🌱
Is population really the problem, or is it really consumption? If it's really the later, well that forces us to question a socio-economic system that is rooted in runaway extraction and consumption to feed our ever expanding desires. But those in power benefit too much from this system to want to change it.
I would rather die of covid then see the death of hour natural world.. ?
When the last living thing has died on account of us, how poetical it would be if earth could say, in a voice floating up Perhaps from the floor of the Grand Canyon, "It is done. People did not like it here."- Kurt Vonnegut
This is bs
With every fibre in my being I won’t this two stop.. we can stop this and prevent loosening what’s more important than hour miserable, consumerist western life style. The common man needs to mobilise unite rise up join together two stop this. Scream shout out untie hour voices as one to demand corrupt politicians governments of the world demand on pain of revolution to stop destroying what we have left preserve protect and nurture Mother Nature back from the brink of extinction.. if man can come together an figure out how two Re enter earths atmosphere on Re entry with out burning up for the stupid meanless race for commercial space thst only the rich will benefit .then we can dam well spend the time and money heal hour earth.. the quantum physics and science to do this is immense. Why are we not spending all this money time and human effort to heal the Earth instead of the commercial race for space . we can not let this happen and here in the west we are capable of doing so. Wtf Wtf Wtf Wtf Wtf
Leave the wildlife and fish alone. God said to go work the field with Your hands and take Your son with You and live off of Mother Earth. There is soo much land and water that could be used for planting instead of using the water for oil drilling. People simply wanna make money instead of planting to self sustain.
Get rid of all the animals first and then humans next. The reptilian takeover is happening.
Yes eat you're solid gold bar and tell us how it tastes!
I'm in favor of a worldwide recession that the European central Bank and the US Federal Reserve are trying to create. This will slow down the destruction of the planet.
Nuclear power nuclear radiation nuclear reactors nuclear weapons nuclear meltdowns nuclear waste. Earth for eighty years has been in a nuclear war. That is the root of catastrophic floods and Climate Changes and World wide Global Warming. It’s irreversible and apocalyptic.
Getting acquainted with Dr Oiwoh on YouTube channel’s herbal remedies has brought nothing but absolute cure to my cancer I can now boldly say I’m cancer free..
I got healed from colon cancer through the help of Dr Oiwoh herbal remedies..
We have 8 billion humans who need to eat bugs and get their vaccinations.
Elon Musk says now we dont have enough people. Since We are gonna be on the moon in 4 years and Mars in 8 years. We gonna be a space fairing society now, and now we dont have enough people.
Wow..we listen to this sbit  because its 60 minutes the show?? So yall missed the Global Crisis event explaining  a New Noahs ark/Dystopian city is being built as we speak because the mariana trench is collapsing?? Massive earthquake damage in 5 years?? Uninhabitable surface by 2036?? If they tell you on Mainstream media "Dont panic" PANIC a little because they are lying!! The Creative society is A youtube channel That has irrefutable evidence that not is the Mariana Trench collapsing and fast..but there will be 1,000,000 earthquakes a year by 2036...mother nature has had it with you all
No one has mentioned the effects of radio frequency on the animals and the spraying of our skies, the 5G cell towers every block. This is having a huge affect on plant and animal life, including ours! Who's ready to give up their cellphone and wi-fi gadgets to save the planet!?? What about the destruction of the environment to extract lithium!!? It's more destructive than extracting oil. I'm all for taking care of the environment but there has to be honest discussion about these things not just fear mongering. Radio frequencies is the biggest threat against all living creatures!
Better start learning to live with eachother.... Sad how this narrative is sad... Who installed the systems in which we use daily without acknowledgement? Where did all this "industrialization" stem from? This was all brought up on us for misinterpreting warning for worship.. Love And Peace To ALL 💓🧲💓🌍🌏🌎💓🧲💓
I think there needs to be a law in place to limit how many restaurants a corporation can build. McDonald’s does not need to be in the Amazon Rainforest. The more restaurants we make the more animals we need.
Did anyone actually think a single human being would live forever without dying? But if it would remove all the psychotic extremist, delusional so-called scientists and radical climate extremist chasing power, money & fame; then bring it on. Let the whole thing start over from scratch.
Why don't you spawn fish in general? I dont get it ?
I hope one day we find a solution before the inevitable happens, Truly devastating. The greed of major companies cutting down trees, poachers poaching animals, loss of animal habitats, mass pollution around the world, this should all just stop before it becomes irreversible
Nah this is BS! As long as we have GAWD on our side nothing can happen! Praise GAWD! 🙏😤 THE LORD SAVES #ADAMANDEVE #JEBUS
The population is not 8 billion. China and India LIE. Try 6.5 billion.....TOPS
There's no one actually trying to solve the food issues.Quite the opposite
I believe without a doubt what Ghandi said, “There is enough for human need, but not enough for human greed”. Our Mother Earth is capable of supporting each and every human, it doesn’t matter if that’s an extra 1 billion or 10 billion, so long as we live in balance with nature. We are NOT living in balance with nature and America is the number 1 offender.
Thanos was right!!!! 🤣
BS - Corporate Greed is the problem.  Humanity?  BS - Ivy League Billionaires - these guys are looking everywhere but in the mirror.
Humanity is not sustainable! If we set aside greediness humanity is sutainable!
Thank you to that one man. We are not killing the planet, it has been through a lot in and IT’LL be fine. What we’re killing is our way of life and potentially ourselves.
You hear that? 60 Minutes says there's definitely too many people and the poor ones definitely gotta go.
The  elite are trying to exterminate the infidels
co2 levels were at dangerously low levels before the industrial revolution, burning fossil fuels has saved all life on earth
Some more scare tactics for everyone, enjoy.
This just makes me so sad :(
And the Covid jab is helping this come true.
The worst enemy of the earth is human
This here is exactly why we need to fund space exploration as MUCH AS PHYSICALLY POSSIBLE. If we don't become a multi-planet species, we will die as a species.
Not one single mention of Animal Agriculture being the #1 cause of the destruction of every ecosystem across the planet…  hence why you don’t hear about it. They own the world and are way more powerful than the boogieman fossil fuel industry.
i live in australia and live on less than $10 a day... 11:40 growing your own food helps..
Time to start raising your own rabbits and quail. Build a greenhouse. Govt has destroyed our farms from regulations
Imagine living in a world with no animals
Yea it’s a mass extinction but they still selling fruits and vegetables with no seeds lol smh. The Matrix
Countries need to pay their citizens money to not reproduce children. That's the solution to this problem.
The core problem of this epidemic is due to overpopulation. Overconsumption results and quality of lives are decreasing rapidly leading to distress in people's mental state as everything seems to be overwhelming. There needs to be population control and and while much of our destruction is irreparable we need mandatory precautions to preserve the little we have left. We need to go through an era of de-growth quantitatively not qualitatively to reevaluate life and its essentials. If not, the end is near.
I say yes bring it on. Our society is pathetic. Republicans block at every chance anything to do with climate change or green energy. As a species we are rabbid psychopaths looking for whatever benefits the individual instead of everyone. Ever wonder why intelligent beings won't communicate with us ? Answer - Have to be intelligent 1st. I would hope 90% of humanity is wiped out. We should leave evidence of the disastrous trainwreck we are so they know what not to do.
This will never happen in my coming 15 generations ,at least. i believe "The Younger Dryas Cataclysm" was the last 6th mass extinction of our world which happened 12,800 years ago when we lost all our civilized and advanced communities and cities  of our world.
How about a contrarian view to make this report balanced? Everyone here is singing from the same song sheet.
The fact that you left the 'flood' out during Noah's time shows the unfitness of your experts and the producers of this show to properly cover the topic. Also this constant use of the term humanity is disrespectful to the billions of innocents.
Most pollution is corporate, and we waste more than we consume
I had a fox walk through my backyard early in the morning! Things are changing for sure! If we really listened to you a person might as well get up, have a cup of coffee and go jump off of a bridge!
If this were true which it is not, then to believe we can stop it is the greatest hubris of humanity.
This is very scary to think about what needs to be said
This is great reporting.
As we’ve been told before everything in life is a balance. An example would be the killing of venomous snakes because people don’t like them, then you see a larger population of rats, mice, etc. who can carry diseases. It’s that but on a global scale of all animals.
😂Lier Lier pants on firer
Voting republican is the cause to all extention period!!! Along with cooperate buy outs too
Where is Norman Reedus when you need him
We have overfished our waters and destroyed the land for livestock. It takes less resources to harvest fruits, vegetables rice etc. - plenty to feed people. It only makes sense.
I miss Mike Wallace, Morley Safer, Andy Rooney.  Back when Don Hewitt ran the show. Yeah I know they had agenda. But nothing like today's 60 min.
And Humans had Nothing to do with the 5 mass extintions. Nature and the Sun did it.
I do not believe anything that comes out of Stanford through the mouth of globalist government propaganda networks.
OMG Chicken Little says "The sky is falling !  The sky is falling !" so everyone cower in the corner awaiting proper instructions from the Marxists in government. Nope.  Been hearing this BS for decades in one form or another.  And these "scientists" have been wrong every time.  Because they're not scientists. They're scare-mongers.  Nothing more.  And rational people ignore them.  Problem is that rational people are becoming a minority. For proof of that, read most of the comments below.
propaganda
They are going to act like nuclear bombing the crap out of the sky and ground and chemical runoff from all manufacturing and corporate abuse of the environment for 100 plus years and the atmospheric injection of chemical and metals into atmosphere snd water are not killing us along with those species. Look at the population maintenance Rate! And the recent drop in fertility has not even factored in yet. Population growth IS NOT HAPPENING. The math does not work.
Scientist can be bought to.
To maintain the “elites” way of life. …..
The 6th seal is being broken.
Don’t worry world war three will take out 90 % the population.
God Bless people like Prof. Gerardo Ceballos.
60 minutes basically translates into *the liberal evening report*
It's scary how little people care about the planer. So many having lots of kids because it's their 'right'.
Like John Dutton said "one day the earth will shed us like a dead skin"
They will continue to deny the elephant in the room until the final moment--- climate intervention activities---- this is a controlled destruction
Out law plastics! 😢
Please don't use George Carlin's work/predictions.
This mass Extinction was covered in detail in the NAS book, "Biodiversity". This is where the term was coined.
Every mass extinction led to the rise of another species. When these hippies talk about mass extinctions three of the five were single celled organisms. Yes the dinosaurs had a mass extinction probably caused by a comet. We’re not destroying the planet we’re existing on the planet. Man is just as much a part of nature as any other creature. We adapt and we overcome and so will the other creatures. Mass extinctions don’t happen to intelligent species unless they extinguish themselves. Should we take care of our environment? Absolutely. Should we live in fear of what mankind and his existence require from that environment? Absolutely not. We should innovate invent produce and create our way to the future.
According to scientists climate change is unstoppable whatever we do is not going to work 👍
Why is some experts saying that we need more people and that it’s a lie to believe we have to many?
China and Russia are catching all the fish!!! Wake up.
STUPID APPLES AND ORANGES SUCH BS
Its pollution that's killing the salmon runs
These scientists are lying to us. Fresh water comes from the Earth you cannot run out. The Earth replenishes its own fresh water
Global warming??? Again. It has been proven not true.  It's the nature of  men to destroy for the sake of profits.  Closing down fishing salmon  plants. Why don't they mentioned there less infants being born,   Millions die due to abortions. Also during to humans hunting down the animal wild life.  They don't mention how many are entering like cow herds. And not all help the environment.   Such excuses of bureaucracy. God bless America.
Bill Burr has the solution! 😂
St Malachy's Prophecy named 112 Popes to the end of the world in 1143, Pope Benedict died on Dec 31, 2022 & was #111 and the last Pope would be from the dark one. Pope Francis real name is Jorge "mario" middle name = 666
The greed took it. Not the people. Tribulation began on Jan 1st. People stepping over the homeless to get their second home and private jets. Like the world won’t end as one. Y’all all in this together. 🤣😂🤣
Suggesting what exactly i will never support the killing of billions of people id rather die. But all 60 minutes employees are more than welcome to take your own lives for the cause.👍go ahead we'll find some other news media company to take your place. AND we'll leave a stone of memorial.  "Here lies every single person that worked for 60 minutes THEY ALL willingly gave their lives for the betterment of humanity".
why do you think they made Covid? 💀💀💀
come on, co2 is no problem.  the more the merrier.  Fraud runs rampant.
100s of millions of years to wait for something that can happen practically overnight
well lets see what the population is in the 2050s i bet it will be down than what it is now. it was tradition back in the day to go to school or drop out. but most got married younger than we do these days and with all the protection for sex. most people have two children when it was more popular back in the 70s to have 4 children. now there are more people dying of old age Dailey than there are births. so we are slowly going down in population.  Also people need to eat many species of fish cause we have so many out there and they all taste great. maybe not all but you would be surprised what trash fish taste like. We take only certain animals when we should be eating them all. not the extinct or neat extinct but all the surplus animals i mainly mean fish.
God created Earth
they are dealing with this by jabbing people up
If you never seen it look up Davis Rockafellers Speech to the UN on over population. The WEF can explain it and people refuse to listen so there will be more zootonic pandemics. There will be more senseless wars maybe even a civil war. People are living too long the wealth gap/inequality is causing extreme poverty. A few own all the resources. Why wouldn't they do whatever they can to thin the population knowing people are not willing to be inconvenienced to change even worse now they want to force more women to have babies. It's insane.
If global warming were true, beach ⛱️ front property would be free, because it would be flooded!! But instead it's extremely expensive
Such BS,how can anyone believe anything from the so called scientific community and the MSM? Hard to believe anything anymore,nothing but fear mongers
We need a new plaque ... Oh wait
LMAO!!!
A huge problem in my area (southeastern Pennsylvania) are the invasive insects and bacteria that wipe out native plants. The invase plants then take over and choke out the natural ecosystem
NWO
WTFU people. Think of your children & grandchildren and generations to follow
STOP IT!!!!!
I guess that was a lie were the bible says be fruitful and multiply
It's all obviously true ... the question is, what can we do, when do we finally stand up and say STOP ... stop the consumption, stop the pollution, stop the killing.
Honestly we brought this upon ourselves, no need to cry about it. It’s too late for that, just accept that we messed up, myself included. The Earth will be fine without humans, it will not care about our greed or politics, it will still survive after we are long gone. If we truly care, we all actually would campaign for it, but nobody cares. So I’m pretty sure the worst is yet to come and everyone will be pointing fingers at everyone else, when we are all to blame for our demise…
Hope for Rapture. The only ANSWER !!
BS
Ask yourself when was the last time you had to clean your car grille of bugs? Used to be a regular occurrence
Brought to you by     💉   Pfizer   💊
I call BS on this.USA alone has so much land mass not occupied by people just vast open lands everywhere.Yes countries like Pakistan r overcrowded sure but no way do I believe we have to many people on earth.What we need is to get harder on pollution and make sure everyone follows the rules we r visitors here for a short time lets keep it clean.
Humans..
Counties with more diversity see rise in economics and growth of the middle class! White majorities on the decline faster than previously projected as immigrant populations follow black migration. Areas that are predominantly Caucasian are seeing a dramatic fall in population numbers. The nation’s Caucasian population growth has ground down to a historic low: only 0.1% growth between July 2020 and July 2021. The number of deaths rose sharply, births declined, and European immigration reached its lowest levels in decades. At the same time, population movement within the U.S. led to sharp declines in many of its largest white majority metro areas—particularly in less diverse areas! The South on the other hand has seen a large rise in demographics and economics. Atlanta began its long reign as the top migration magnet, outpacing other southern metro areas such as Dallas, Charlotte, N.C., and Orlando, Fla., along with Raleigh, N.C., Columbia, S.C., and, later, Houston, among others. Increasingly many areas across the country are beginning to make strides economically overall,  African-Americans have been able to create and ride that "economic tide.' The African-American unemployment rate dropped to 5.5% in September, which was the lowest level since the government labor report was established in 1972.The Millennial generation which is predominantly of color continues to grow as young immigrants expand its ranks. Boomers – whose generation was defined by the boom in U.S. births following World War II – are aging and their numbers shrinking in size as the number of deaths among them exceeds the number of older immigrants in the country. While white population fell by an estimated 129,000 people between 2016 and 2017, the decline sped up to almost 500,000 between 2019 to 2020 and we can expect this number to double in the next decade. Nationally, the number of white Americans is expected to decline in absolute numbers between 2030 and 2040!The U.S. population grew at the slowest pace in history in 2021, according to census data released last week and many believe climate change is the cause the refusal to go green by corporate entities will forever change the complexion of the country and Red states are inadvertently helping to speed up this change!Hispanics are significantly more likely than whites to say the Earth is warming because of human activities and that the U.S. should do whatever it takes to protect the environment, a new Pew Research Center analysis finds because whites have bought in to the media claims that extreme weather and global warming will have a more detrimental effect on equatorial black and Asian populations that have dealt with these things for thousands of years. This allows the corporate entities to continue to profit as long as caucasians believe the effects will hurt marginalized communities far worse than their own. But recent news and global reports have shown just the opposite to be true as melanated countries grow faster in population and  the so=call
Studies at this point is just stalling techniques by govts. We need action, not more studies.
The only thing going extinct in our time is common sense
The statement about humans taking control over 70% of the land on Earth is misleading. The entire world population could fit in a landmass area that takes up less than 1% of Earths total landmass. Counting cities, urban areas, roads, railroads tracks etc we still only use about 15% of the landmass. About 50% of Earths landmass is untouched or undeveloped. 100% of Alaska is controlled by humans but not inhabited or developed.
Puppets of the elite posting lies.
I said this about butterflies i rarely see them and i drive truck not even seeing as many farms as i use too.
Bs
HURRY!!!! Send all your 💰💰💰💰💰💰 money to the gummermint officials so they'll get rich from their scams.
Cali the chaos of it!!!
I recommend driving from coast to coast this summer. Get a look at the vast open spaces void of people.
The 3rd shaking of the earth. Hopi prophecy. We desperately need thousands of new kelp farmers.  The oxygen levels keep dropping on the planet.  Article in NATURE . kelp grows 3 ,4 ft a day  . Requires no fertilizer and is unaffected by drought . Spread the news.
Jesus I’m doomscrolling
It’s called the Anthropocene Mass Extinction which means “recent human mass extinction”
If the sea levels are rising why is Al Gore living in a big houses on the shoreline? Obama and Al Gore live just feet away from the ocean. In fact all the stunning and brave liberals live next to the water. The coastal elites have been ringing the alarm for decades while sipping mojitos on the beach. If you leave the coast and drive inland for an hour you find out there is not that many people. Take a drive down Highway 10 some time.
Political will - the final nail in the coffin.
This is why #savesoil is so important Every country needs policies to ensure a minimum of 3 to 6 percent of organic content in their soil Soil has no national boundaries, we all have tog o in the same direction
The 3rd shaking of the earth . Global canals that don't want one human family with separate gene pools and bloodlines. The planet  and all of us peons will continue being the collateral Damage .❤️🤣🖖🙏✨️ 💔
The world could hold a one trillion and be fine this is all propaganda
60 minutes is going to tell me how to think....that's rich. haven't watched that vitriol in 30 years and it still sucks
I thought we are currently in a population decline; according to Elon.
Nice to see important things on the news. Will the revolution be televised?
Only the strong will survive!
It has nothing to do with how many people live on earth rather how they live. When the system is set up to prioritize profit over sustainability this will continue to happen regardless of the number of people on earth. We have plenty of room for the people we have however we choose to pack into tightly knit cities and depend on the government for food and water and housing rather than living in our own natural environment. Give everyone 4-5 acres of land where they can raise their own food and use their own well and dispose of their own waste and the problem would be solved. However an independent society is hard to control and hard to profit off of which is exactly why the system is set up the way it is.
Lies
According to the annual World Population Prospect report, global population is growing at its slowest rate since 1950. There is a serious birthrate projection for the entire world particularly after 2050.
So humans are the problem. No wonder they want to get rid of us. Wow….
Thank you North America, China and India!!!
MSM, and it's credibility, is the actual extinction level event.
Protect the Amazons and Latin America
People Control- COVID-19
In America it started 200 years. With extreme over hunting, from making a dinner to making a living, one man became an executor of the animals of the wilderness. Carelessly ripping gold out of the bed of rivers and creeks, polluting and killing off the fish, decimating the western ecosystem by mass cutting the redwoods, ruining the fish runs with massive dams ignorantly built. Chemicals from farms running into rivers, cattle stomping out native foods all around. Factories polluting communities. Humans just not caring enough due to lack of understanding that our environment is a part of us. 1st Man caused extinction event, that we know of
I'd give anything to go back to Georgia
What if symbolically the dinosaurs are us,🤨 because I mean out of all the years people been on this earth digging and building, now you find a giant eagle,
Here’s an idea. Quit voting for politicians that put policies in place that pay people to procreate. WTF! The socialist, communist and leftists caused this to happen. Oh, I’m sorry. That probably doesn’t fit the narrative though, does it?
Can chat gpt fix this?
The only thing that's under a mas instincion event is us humans from taking that 💉
People without children should be incentivised
Scallops are being over caught (a family business) in North America.  They were extremely plentiful in the 50’s.  Now much like with the Salmon, we can only catch them during certain times of the year and they are diminishing year by year.  Just another example.
Wow, as a geologist all I can say is "Liar, Liar, pants on Fire!"  What a horrid, dishonest treatment.
Extinction is salvation
Yes we are over populating the Earth. Over 95% of everything that lived has died off. The Earth always changes things die off things replace them. And if evolution is random do this for me take 1 dice or 20 dice see how many times the same result happens. So let's get off everything born was random. This I s what happens when religion isn't believed.  Of course everything was created. At the very least God set forth an ordered evolution that had everything popping up in its time so the blocks would be here for survival. Things poisonous to us aren't to other animals etc. Things caveman ate aren't what we eat though we are the same the animals were different but others came about to provide us food. How many things were upon this earth that we haven't found fossil record of. We do find new things all the time. Some we may never uncover. Some we destroyed putting buildings up bombing each other etc. So the Earth and nature finds a way to recover with new things coming about that we haven't found yet. Climate change has been proven wrong so many times. Think about this for a moment. The sun is growing the moon is leaving out orbit. The core is slowing and magnetic North Pole is shifting towards Siberia.  So yes climate will change. The gravitational pull on our oceans lessened because of the moon leaving. The earth having longer days because we have slowed down because of the core slowing. The van Allen belt weakening because the core has slowed down. The solar storms hitting us have more impact making us warmer earthquakes volcanoes erupting be c abuse of this. The slowing of the ocean currents because of this. The poles shifting will bring different temperatures and yes if you flush a toilet below the equator it spins on direction at the equator straight down above the equator another direction.  So shifting the poles slows ocean currents and eventually they will switch direction. All the above mentioned there is nothing we can do a thing about. So like Janet Renos study about smog vs smoking and cancer. They blame it on something they think we can do something about. That study said a non smoker in a large city had a 25% greater chance at getting cancer r Han a smoker. And a small city a non smoker had a 10$ greater chance at getting cancer than the smoker. So that means second hand smoke causes non smokers a 10% greater chance of getting cancer from a smoker. But then that has its own flaws because in order for the non smoker to get 2nd hand smoke the smoker has to be in the same room. So he she would have to be breathing the same second hand smoke.  And since they determined second hand smoke as the smoke coming off the end of the cigarette theory forgot people smoking non filtered cigarettes should have the same result. That isn't true either as before cigarettes were filtered smokers had less a chance at getting cancer. Also even now only 10-20% of smokers get cancer. But one thing the government didn't tell you the thing in cigarettes that causes cancer is benzene which is oil gas. And comes from the tractors leaking oil pesticides and cars trucks not properly taken care of. And let's not forget about diesel engines which don't burn the diesel fuel and lands on all plants lakes rivers etc. So let's ban cigarettes people can stop that. There is no way to ban cars.  Right now the decide cars etc. Are causing climate change. This is far from the truth as well. Most car emissions come back down as acid rain. Volcanoes however blow these gasses far above the atmosphere where it can come back down in the rain. Buy we can't stop those emissions can we? So we can come up with electric cars so instead of bailing out the auto industry we can push climate change and have the auto industry make electric cars. Well fine it will help air quality by theory but the cars use far more carbon to make the batteries than gas cars emit. Then Oops the electric is made by burning fossil fuels. So let's get rid of livestock because a 12 cylinder corvette puts out the same emissions as a horse if you rode it the same distance. So animals have to be killed off so they don't use available air and they emit awful gas because the diet we feed them is the diet we tell you to ear. This fattens them up faster. Also it gives them gas. So the cycle of lies keeps going around. The carbon cycle they keep preaching isn't believable because they don't show the full story or they would be found to be lying. The carbon here the we make comes back down in the rain. So the earth defends itself from that. It can't defend volcanoes shooting carbon sulfuric acid and methane too far up into our atmosphere to come back down. Now they also are preaching we are coming on another ice age. We'll make my mind up are we headed for an ice age or are we warming the planet up. One has to be false heat doesn't bring about ice. Now that brings another not so well published or promoted documentary about the earth having 2 orbit around the sun. A circular orbit and an elliptical orbit. The circular orbit brings about global warming as we keep the same distance from the sun the elliptical orbit brings the ice age and a short global warming. So science just doesn't know they keeping grasping strawa.
It's a simple solution: Make everyone start taking birth control and force sterilization. Sure, it sucks for some reasons but if we keep procreating and the population keeps growing, we're all going to die by our own greed and egotism.   The problem is is that our species is so stubborn and thinks they know everything or that their God will protect them and they don't need to do anything. I'm sterile, thankfully, so I will not contribute to any more people.   Honestly, though, I really don't think we'll fix the issue. I think we'll end up putting ourselves and everything else into extinction. :/
A sixth mass extinction,  so I assume man caused the other 5? Erm no, just like we aren't causing this one.
This has been a story since the 1830s so far not been correct. Tech has consistently stepped in to fill the gap. Also I think the point is that the powers that be want you frightened of something that is not going to happen so you will give them control over you and others. Thus far  not one prediction like this has come true in 50 years.
Good now we can eat all our bs
everyone will watch this and still be consumers.... and nothing will change! Humans in general are selfish and self-centered.
I sure would like to know all of the reasons for this.
So depressing. It's time to acknowledge the problems and ask our space neighbors for help. If you do not believe in other beings beyond earth it's time to pray that we do. Obviously they know how to travel between planets so surely they know some solutions to our primitive problems and thinking.  We can not fix this without help. I know most religious people do not want to acknowledge aliens because it would mean they do not believe in God. However, if you believe God is the maker of all things then aliens fall under that as well. Stop pretending they do not exist no one is going to make fun of you. We are past that point. It's time to try all possibilities. S.o.s. to the universe. ❤️ to all.
It's greed and capitalism. It's not too many people. Where I'm from, people are poor and can't afford salmon. People live off of spaghetti'os and ramen noodles.. No one where I'm from has spilled oil in the oceans. Most people where I'm from are minimalist living off of small means. We aren't the ones throwing away enough food to feed the planet.. That's others...
The magnetic pole shift and the coming micro nova of the sun will take care of everything don't worry. The survivors will have a new earth.
Only by those who are causing it amongst our own species whom think themselves enlightened, better, and more entitled than the rest.
Can these people come together on anything?
Iv been saying it for 20 years that there’s too many people on this planet but Elon Musk is so smart he’s stupid saying that it’s not and that you can put everybody on earth shoulder to shoulder In Texas, it’s time to PURGE it needs to be sit up for at least once a year maybe quarterly every four months four times a year !!!  And I’m serious 🙏🙏🙏
They just can't help themselves tell 1 truth and repeat the same lie over and over again
Trying to fight mother nature is just dumb.
This is propaganda! Globalists like Klaus Schwab those that meet at Davos are using “climate change” to justify the great reset and Agenda 2030 (depopulation.)
I find it always funny that you have these companies, and these corporations telling the people to fix the problem. They never tell the government in the elected officials to fix it. Why should it be up to people who have no power to change things up? Why not put the people in charge change them
Except all the famine we're experiencing is artificially created by the WEF
We're underpopulated, not over population , we're being lied to by ppl who want to depopulate thr planet
Lets be clear here. Blame the politicians. Are you gonna blame me? If I had any power, a podcast even I would be talking about this constantly. They make policies and they subsidize corporations... They know about this yet they do nothing which means they are either insanely stupid and lethargic or they are being influenced by some sinister interests... No species will go extinct. The existence of seed vaults is already in public domain, you dont think the elites have stored all the sperm, dna, embryos etc. of all the species on the planet? Of course they did. There are massive bunkers everywhere, this is a good thing in case of massive cataclysm like a meteor impact but I believe it servers another purpose... A less apocalyptic but still a collapse of our civilization caused by what this video is talking about. One of two things will happen, either our population will collapse or we will start to live completely different 100% in harmony with nature and slowly decrease the population over time to sustainable levels around 4 billion would be my guess. Just think about how great it would be(and was) with half less population... But alot of people have been sold a lie about population and how Earth can sustain double what we have and I have been arguing this with my brother and I am like of course it can but not the way we live now! The way we live now we could sustain maybe 2 billion people. Its mind boggling how some people cant see this simple truth...
The current way that humanity exists is not sustainable
This seems fishy?? I challenge everyone to go to Google earth and zoom in on random points around the globe I would bet 90%of the time you will land on open farm land forest and or mountains tell me how that is overpopulated
Why don't you talk about the way we farm. How did you do a whole episode about this and not talk about the one solution we already determined.  This makes it seem like we have no idea what to do.
Baloney in the 60’s we were told the ice age was about to start . It’s all nonsense . We have plenty of room in US!
Send the old folks to Carousel
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Humanity is relegated to the coast of the countries , crowded in the cities by the government . The planet is not overpopulated .
The entire population of the world can fit inside of Texas
Thank You For Clearly Representing The Situation.👍
No worries folks, the elites of the WEF have a plan in motion for us peasants. The plandemic was just the beggining, famine and war is next!
Don't panic Mr Mainwaring! Don't panic......
I love how it's the fault of the common folks and nothing is said about the ultra rich and their super excessive lifestyle with 20 mansions airplanes super yachts predatory corporations or the fact most of them sold their souls to get it the real answer to our problems here on earth can be solved by getting back to God.
what we need to do is to continue COVID-19 and apply the survival of the fittest among humans to decrease the population. humans are the culprit. 😂
We are under God's judgment.... Time to wake up.. America.. It is not Climate change but God's wrath...
The Creator gave us this earth to take care of it not to destroy it
Thats what globalists want, but they want the humans to die instead. Sick.
BS
God will sustain and heal the the land if humanity was to repent, but judgement is on its way...
The world is changing on its own and there's nothing humans can do about it it has nothing to do with population and everything to do with the natural cycles of Earth , this is just fear propaganda
They're not running out of places to live humans only take up 11% of the usable surface on Earth all this is propaganda to make us do what they want
Blame industrial sized polluting and waste. It's not just the population increase. Compare carbon footprints of average people compared to industries and top 1% that flies the personal jets. People with wealth in these industries are killing the planet because they know their damage yet do nothing about it. They only care about their bank accounts. They already bought some place for the precautions.
Maybe this is just all part of God's plan
This man has already been proved totally wrong. Why has he been dug up for another round of baseless fear mongering now?
God gave us this planet . I don't think we can do anything about it. He meant for us to thrive and we are . Leave the earth alone.
Us humans really are disgusting. First we caused global warming, now we are killing all the animals on the planet.   If only there was some heroic wealthy group of intellectuals that could reduce our population, and sterilize enough of us to maintain it. They could force us to eat bugs and Soylent green so we don't crave meat from these poor animals. That would cut down those pesky methane emissions from livestock, Two birds with one stone amiright?   Our overlords could think for us and keep us in line while they enjoy old world luxuries that we were too stupid to use responsibly. How could they pull that off though? Ooh they could erase all known history so we never knew there was any other way to live. They could silence evil conspiracy theorists and discredit all academic professionals who disagree, making sure we are all safe from misinformation.   It is too late to use technology to solve our problems, we must start the culling as soon as we can. Oh yes, this is a grand opportunity, don't you see? Don't be afraid of the future, we will save the planet by owning nothing, having no privacy, and being happy... Until we are selected to be liquidated. We will sacrifice ourselves, the greater good for the lesser few; the very same corporate stooges and bureaucrats who created these catastrophic problems with their big governments and corporate machines. This message was brought to you by Phizer and Bill Gates.
Just stupid management
Correction: It is NOT "humanity is not sustainable", but it is Capitalism reaching for more "Growth," more & more extreme profits, without due consideration of any effects (except, profits, profits ...) is not sustainable! Ie, Capitalism is NOT sustainable. The activities of Capitalism are so extensive now, so pervasive,  that they are killing the world they have been exploiting for the profits ...
We need to ban chemical fertilizers and pesticides unless you get a special permit from the EPA. Also most people want an electric car but payments are too high. Women should have free access to birth control globally.
So, do we need population control wars? A battle fought simply to lower the population and control humanity in it's expansion and reduce it to manageable numbers again? We are seeing the world fall off in the domino effect. Grizzly bear in California were destroyed by man because it's a top predator and it eats man when they become available, and people don't want their children carried away or their pets and livestock. . California did this to itself. You don't want a grizzly in your yard, whether the front or back. Your door will not stop a grizzly. . Salmon population..... This was eventually going to happen. This was a way of life for indigenous people. We have polluted the earth. We have populated the world. It's not about carbon emissions though as much as we think. It's the earth cycle. Change is coming. Check Bible prophecy and learn what is going to happen and why. It's beginning already. Turn your hearts back to God.
They exchanged the truth about God for a lie, and worshiped and served created things rather than the Creator—who is forever praised. Amen.
It’s crazy that we have to incentivize humans with money so jaguars can live 😭😭😭
God almighty decides. Hold your tongue
This is such crud.  Grizzlies haven’t lived in California in over a century.  More than half of all potable water flows straight to the ocean.  No try cbs at the propaganda.
Sorry, but Native Americans, according to them, have been here for about 40,000 years.
humans are nastier than roaches
It will be the end because you don't believe in trust in our Lord and savior. It's not our government  ! Get on your  knees and pray before it's to late.  You  must be born again and trust in Jesus Christ.
My hope is in Jesus Christ, not my government.
It's because of  sin and  I'm looking for the very soon return of our Blessed hope Jesus Christ Amen. Read your Bible.
May Gaga save us.
I've been listening to this since I was a little kid. Crazy not a single person has done anything about it and we are still here.
Is about damn time. Many of us ain't having a good time to begin with it. Earth is doing good. We humans aren't lol
Looks like there will be an avaliable women "extinction" (if you will) because of the alphabet kids movement.
😂😂😂 this is total bs ahahahahahahahahahaaaaaaaaa
Covid 19 just happened to leak out of a lab and all the superpowers just accepted it? Covid 19 was a test run. The real pandemic is yet to come and it's gonna wipe out billions of people.
The edomite rules and the "EARTH MOURNS" when white people came here you could drink straight out of the Hudson River. Can we drink out of this River now????????????
Mark Carney’s Brave New World will be one of severely constrained choice, less flying, less meat, more inconvenience and more poverty: “Assets will be stranded, used gasoline powered cars will be unsaleable, inefficient properties will be unrentable,” he promises.  Since the advent of the COVID pandemic, Carney has been front and centre in the promotion of a political agenda known as the “Great Reset,” or the “Green New Deal,” or “Building Back Better.” All are predicated on the claim that COVID, and its disruption of the global economy, provides a once-in-a-lifetime opportunity not just to regulate climate, but to frame a more fair, more diverse, more inclusive, more safe and more woke world.  In his book Value(s): Building a Better World for All, Mark Carney, former governor both of the Bank of Canada and the Bank of England, claims that western society is morally rotten, and that it has been corrupted by capitalism, which has brought about a “climate emergency” that threatens life on earth. This, he claims, requires rigid controls on personal freedom, industry and corporate funding.
FAKE NEWS!!!
Tell me more lies
when i was a kid seen all kinds of bugs birds etc ! now nothing !
Good Day 60 minutes,  I offer you a challenge that only the smartest people in the world can pass.   If you wish to do a story, The story involves every single living person on the planet.  I would ask you to challenge any scientist, who thinks they are smart,  to watch my videos and then given the signs in chapter 2, where I am up to, ask themselves 1 question, is it natural for a smiley face, eyes, mouth, nose and eyebrows to rotate into view, look directly at the camera and then dissipate.  I have always wondered if anyone on the planet is as smart as me.  Please explain to people, my signs have nothing to do with religion.  Matthew Groom Chosen By God
In truth, the dangers to the world are: Electrification of the world (read The Invisible Ranebow); "Zero Carbon". Both the above will make all present life forms extinct.  The correct term would be "Terraforming".
Change ur greedy wasteful lives & return be to the one who sustain all life
I only deliver peoples shopping at minimum wage lol What could I do to help?
Do not blame GOD, Do Not BEG, DO NOT PRAY for "SALVATION'" Heed this warning.   SURVIVE   It will be hard but not Impossible   FIGHT   RACE To the Last Second against Time   SEIZE the FUTURE for yourself  [11:59:59]
Hahahahhaa geological time is laughing at you with me
Interesting enough. There is no concensus amongst scientists about this topic.
Bravo za Mariju Gavrilović😀
Please with this none sense!!!!!! The EARTH IS WAY UNDER POPULATED!!!!
Such a shame. I really liked this planet 🌏
The Greedy have built dams....and sin runs ramped across the earth, if we stop to Thank God for all He has created and given us....we might see our lives change for the better, because if we care for one another, we all prosper.
What a load of garbage! Stop the chemtrials! Sigh.. jesus
JUDGEMENT is coming to this earth and y'all might as well get ready for it🙂 APTTMHYAH
I LOVE ALARMISM I LOVE ALARMISM FOR REAL
I'm old enough to remember in the 70's when these same fear-mongers warned us of an approaching ice age. That narritive didn't pan-out for them so they switched it to global warming. What I'm getting at - quit listening to PROPAGANDA ;
This is a whole LIE! Man doesn't get to say there's too many ppl on it. He ain't created nothing. Maybe if the gov would stop paying farmers to destroy crops, there wouldn't be a problem
Nevermind the macro fauna, the microbiomes and phytoplankton are also affected. When they are reduced by half, 99% of organic life on earth ceases to exist.
Tonight.....on "60 Liberals"
According to science there are too many farts ... O-well
Jesus will destroy this earth and make a new earth.
I am sure Covid and natural disasters, and wars will take care of over population.
I love the earth, the mountains, forests, lakes, etc are all beautiful but if the only way to save earth and its animals is by the death of humans, then so be it.
This is complete nonsense. Erlich has been debunked for years. Not one of his predictions has ever come true.
Good riddance
It is not about the popular myth  of never ending population growth at all.  It is well documented that the global population has been falling since the 1960s, due to the introduction of The Pill, China's one child policy,  urbanisation which automatically cut the number a children working couples have etc. The way 'population growth' is marketed to the masses, it sounds like nobody ever dies. Instead data shows that China's demographic by 2030 will see more elderly people than young workers and by 2050 their population will fall to around 600M from over 1B. Mass extinction was triggered by the greed and psychopathy of the corporations and their captured governments who have been spraying millions of tons a year of untested poisons into the environment. These criminals now want to accuse the masses, to save their own arses.
Thank you for sharing the info.
We are a plague on the earth.
The Eugenicists will sort it all out........The Covid experiment might have been a test......but seriously, its becoming clear unfortunately that we need to cull the herd...our herd.......a famous philosopher once said that if every woman decided to have only one natural child the population would halve in 40 years, and then halve again, etc etc......
If we need 5 Earths to sustain the amount of people we have now, I guess we are all going to starve to death tomorrow.
This is some nonsense. The world is huge. We don't have room for people  who think there is no space for more humans to habitat.
Yup, it has nothing to do with the constant onslaught of chemtrails being released around the globe daily and nightly for the last 12 yrs. Remember before 2010, when there were no chemtrails in the sky?
Have no fear - the eugenicists are here. :
Sad Sad Sad
Scientists in space far away from political b******* have already debunked all of this there is no climate crisis
California could have fixed that issue a long time ago I never did and still hasn't
I've noticed that so many things that I grew up with ie. Butterflies, lightening bugs, grasshoppers, honeybees etc, I haven't seen any of them in years 🤔😪😪. It's so very sad that greedy corporations don't care
The polar ice caps were never permanent the earth's climate is always in flux. Wake up and see the truth.
There's too many of us.  But no one talks about it or how to solve the human population crisis.
If re- incarnation really does exist (theory) ...none of us are coming back here. Not for long.
Saying “according to scientists” leaves room for Cult45 science deniers to debate and deny it.  Anyone who is regularly out in nature, especially those of us who are older, sees the obvious.  And you don’t even have to be a nature lover. Here is an example. When I was a lad (I’m 62 now) and we drove through northern Michigan, our windshields would be a mass of squashed bugs, I mean, like a total smear of dead insects that required a good washing to get off.  This last summer, August, I drove back and forth from Detroit to Chicago, two times, and never had to bother cleaning windows even once.  Now think of every species that needed those insects to survive and thrive, unable to eat because there’s hardly anything there.  Also there was LAND between my local cities: now it’s one big city from Detroit to Saline, MI. Look at a map to see what I mean.  It’s a sad time for those of us who enjoy wild spaces. What an ugly place we’re creating, cement and glass and garbage and weeds and masses of people. It’s appalling.
It all comes down to greed. It's not that the population is too high, its because of greed. You see, people aren't happy earning an average income. They want big money, big cars, big houses, big farms, designer clothing, big bank balances etc. and so resources are plundered so as to make this big money and make it fast. Mankind is greedy. It's that simple!
The mass extinction is from the jabberoo
Isaac Asimov once told of an empire that allowed overpopulation and rapid consumption of resources to escalate until the situation was so dire that it's own collapse was inevitable; not because nothing could be done, but because they they were unwilling to make changes as rapidly and massively as required to save themselves and those they governed from a societal collapse. And Even if they had been willing to do what was necessary, the population had grown so vast that those changes would have been impossible to enforce on the scale needed to make those changes a reality.
He was so wildly wrong in 1968, but, hey... 60 Minutes will run a debunked panic pusher to advance a failed narrative
-You have been diagnosed with mass extinction -...oh my god, is there anything I can do? -Yes, I'll prescribe you more taxes!
The solution is clear! A 99% reduction in the earth's human population would solve all of our environmental problems!
The island of Singapore is a perfect example of killing off "annoying" insects and building on every square foot of land. It is a success by every measure attached to money. It is a massive failure ecologically. Neighbour's copying will fail fast too.
As long as there are Wars, we can't expect to get better. All the chemicals spread by air everywhere and end up on top of our lands, houses, everywhere. That's why when some countries complain about climate change and at the same time they are at war, I feel like 🤮 throwing up. Hipocrisy won't help.
Why is this making the rounds in the news again? I've know this since I was a kid. It was blatantly obvious, to someone who's not even a scientist, just pays attention to the animal kingdom. Constantly another species going extinct, then you look at what we're doing in places like the Amazon. In my own valley I live the population has gone up 10 fold in the last 20 years. We need more people who don't want children
Laughable. Give me five years and I’ll prove you wrong. Cycles happen.
It's impossible to know when species are going extinct. There is no real evidence that more are dying off now.
Jordan Peterson has some interesting subject material on this matter How long was Al Gore waffling on Seriously
Don't worry, millennials aren't having sex anyways.
"If the SCIENCE is Right".   Scientists Looking for money!!!
Humans are going soon 😂
It means....a bunch of alarmists.
What complete liars...humans DO NOT Inhabit 70% of the land.
Most species die. Somehow humans think it's their job to intervene in eveeything. We're  so self-important. The guys in this video are clowns.
What’s weird is the man who wrote the book ‘the population bomb’ notice his voice. It sounds exactly the same as one of those ultra elites. The rasp the crackle all of it.
Earth is estimated to be 4.54 billion years old, plus or minus about 50 million years. And now in “2023” People are going to be extinct 😂
Sure doesn't look like an extinction when I'm driving home from work in a traffic jam everyday 🥱
Fake news
what happened is people should have got with their knee instead of what they want. The world was built for what you need not what you want that's why it's going down
This is really Funny 😮Earth is Doing better than it did in 1800’s .Fear means MONEY 💰
Interesting that this scientist has been incorrect about everything he has ever published
Could buy less stuff and locally grown food so less pollution transporting it.
Other sources say we are in an ice age and most of the fresh water is frozen.
The Hopi said we had 2 paths and even made a timeline you can still see today of what could happen if they took both paths and of course we took the shorter path w tons of distraction and ruin. We'll all be gone soon it's the end of another age it's inevitable
USE of PLASTIC & 5G radiation levels should be considered in planet's life protection (AFFECTING BEES ,OTHER INSECTS ,& BIRDS).
Great another final solution
We’ve done nothing to mitigate the crisis.  It’s all collapsed.  Kind of makes it hard to care about anything.
Propaganda.
Notice that the doomsday prognosticators don't show any report detailing any studies of species.  They make pronouncements like they actually know something.
We should recycle more and grow the trees back
Ever changing, everlasting global death threats for mobs of Chicken Littles' to panic over reliably print gobs of money.
Leave the planet. It's time to leave the planet.
I don't see rich people slowing down with their needs and their way of life, everything falls down on the back of the poorest people.
I like how y'all are trying to spin it as "humanity" needs five more earths.   It's the USA. The USA needs five more earths. Not every country. The USA ALONE. Look into it.
This is what happens when crims run the joint
The Matrix, the 1999 movie, summarized what humans really are. We are the cancer of the planet. We go to one location and destroy it and then move to the next location for more destruction just like cancer. Stop making babies and stop the spread of cancer - that's the only solution. However, because people are greedy - it's always ME, ME, ME - that won't happen. As a result, the only thing we can do to slow down the death of our planet is to stop buying cheap junk from China (the number 1 polluter in the world) that you only use once and throw away. The pollution and the resource drain you're contributing to are enormous when multiplied by billions of people worldwide. So start simplifying your life and minimize your consumption today. At this point, action speaks louder than words.
The only factor that predicts ecological disaster is human immigration.There is no better predictor of past and future damage than this. Emotional angust for soon-to-be immigrants in overpopulated countries has indirectly harmed the environment more than any other human activity.
The war against nature
I guess once we hit 8.5 billion we’ll have a famine bigger than anything
Mad that tuna is going extinct. Like who dafuk eats that much canned tuna. Let me eat my sashimi in peace. And only fish what how much we eat
Thanks Bill Gates
Great scare tatics
Bull
EPA🤦🤷?
Cannibalism is an option…. 😢
We don't learn.
When i was a kid a hill right side our house would be full of fireflies at night and the crickets would sing their songs wild colorful birds would perch on the trees and colorful geckos would call out to each other at night I remember how clean the breeze and peaceful our area was now all of that is gone because people cut and burned  the trees and shrubs for buildings, farms and roads it's a busy street now and it's just sad. I would have loved to show them again now to my daughter but, no more. ;(
The old guy said it right.  Rich people....need 5 world's to saport. Them.
Dr elain ingham has been saying the solution for years, everyone, or the mass majority must start composting everything and growing their own food.
We don't deserve to go on
But fear mongers like fox "news" wants you to believe that we are not making enough babies....
The filthy global criminal cartel poisons and destroys everything!
Another thing we could do is to start taking all of our food scraps that go to the landfill and start using them constructively perhaps some of it could be used to feed livestock etc. and a great deal of it could go to making alcohol which could be burned in combustible engines. they could create combustible engines that would start on propane or gasoline natural gas etc. and then once they’re warmed up slightly you could switch them over to alcohol and make the alcohol so ridiculously cheap everybody would want to use it that would help greatly
The salmon die after they spawn
When you reach out to a 90 year old scientist
What destroying the planet is greedy oligarchs raping resources.   We have enough for everyone's needs not companies greed
One thing that could help would be a type of global Planned Parenthood and then do something about all this corporate greed And also figure out a way to use nuclear power responsibly safely and more wind power geothermal Solar etc. go more green and find a way to stop the deforestation of South America and start a program to replant the rainforest
That dude is in absolute great shape for 90 years old
Fear Obsessed Media
There are far too many people on this earth we can’t support what we had 50 years ago and the population just keeps growing don’t try to fool yourself we cannot support as much life as we now currently have on this planet it is theoretically impossible this fact coupled with corporate greed is destroying us plain and simple.
Vasectomy prevents abortion and fights pollution.
Media putting fear in the public..most elite just want to depopulate us
The fact that there are people out there that don't believe this is happening is the scary thing.
60 minutes has placed big truths in tiny "capsules", easy  to swallow;; the awsome truth is that native Americans have fished salmon for thousands of years in Washington, Oregon and California, they arrived here thousands of years ago.
Humans are not meant to last. Look at the greed, it has cost the environment and other habitats. In time, mother nature will wipe us out
This is so untrue, there has been a satellite rotating around the earth for the past 20 years and it shows that the earth is actually becoming greener and greener every year. This Carbin issue that the WEF is bringing up is nothing but a great big lie so that they can capitalize only one money Digital dollar that they plan on turning the whole world into led by none other than king Charles with Crosswall Gil Bates and all other world leaders and following them like nice and charming honored to the antichrist King Charles search for the video the antichrist in a cup of tea by author Tim Cohen. This report by 60 minutes is the biggest untrue story that could possibly be done. The WEF wants to annihilate 50% of the people on this earth right now, Reeeealllly, Who are they to play "GOD"?
Dark thought: are these pandemics natures attempt at rebalancing the ecosystem?
Not really, India and China has most populatiin
Let's have another world war.
People need to stop building communities in these animals precious environments
COVID. The greatest mass extinction project by our government
Read 2th Peter Chapter 3 and it will tell you the future of this World.
Is there any possibility of the Democrat party going extinct?  That would be a big  benefit to the environment.
Dr. Ehrlich was not wrong but rather ahead of his time and says that our agricutural system is not sustainable. Soil degradation,  loss of beneficial soil organisms  and pollinating insects, climate change, toxic pesticides that insects may adapt to but afflict animals and humans who have longer life=spans.
Humans are not very smart, to say the least!
Welcome to a 60 minute rehash of a conversation that ended in the 1960's yet still never saw any political or economic resolution of any kind due to, in absolutely overwhelming fashion, the credit of extremely profit-motivated and tenacious Energy Industry Lawyers, Lobbyists, and "Correctly False" information campaigns blurring the lines between scientific research and sponsored content.  And while yes these organizations went far and beyond what any would overwhelming agree is egregious harm to the climate and humanity, they are just another distraction from the reality of our situation.  The same reality realized in the 60's and because there has been no economic or political resolution to address, will continue to undermine all other attempts made to mitigate the severity of  runaway carbon collapse.  The same culprit largely responsible for accelerating the carbon crisis also accelerated the mass extinction event by the same magnitude and for the same reason.  They killed the top meter of soil off called "The Rhizosphere".  This living layer of soil makes up the exponentially largest terrestrial biomass compared to all others.  Its vast bulk and near limitless potential hold the key to everything moving forward.  They are the carbon battery we must develop and charge, a safety net for wild species, a source of income and renewable resource to support a family, organic fertilizer production, solar energy harvesting powering cottage production.  Everything we need to do could have, should have, and did not get done.  It's less than cheap, it's extremely profitable, the service is necessary to avert a looming global fertilizer crisis, AND the carbon crisis...  You can sell the offsets and energy production for corporate and scientific use.  Don't ever let people convince you that money is what's stopping a solution to the climate crisis, or any other crisis.  It absolutely isn't.  You could erase the Industrial Revolution from North America's carbon footprint in 10 years and an initial investment of "MILLIONS" with an M, not even billions.  MILLIONS of dollars could remove all the carbon released in North America since the Industrial Revolution by human activity in 10 years time.  It's not the money stopping anything.  That's the most important takeaway from this video.  It costs that man what amounts to nothing in North America to pay those people to protect the wild lands.  We could do that easily in North America and turn poverty from a threat to a vacation home where you can raise a family if you want.  CHEAP.
Resources are unlimited to those who haves unlimited $$$$. Dooms day is for the poor in $ and poor to adjust.
I’m no Stanford academic but I have seen a lot of data.  Outside Africa and parts of South America most of world populations are in a decline that will accelerate in next 50 years they (Africa & SA) will have same trajectory as there development improves. Nature will recover
I live here in New Zealand. It is essentially a massive island and growing up it was absolutely magical! Like everything was explored and surprising!  The main thing that made me realise the rapid biodiversity decline was the lack of colours , especially in our rock pools at the beaches. They no longer look pretty and colourful, they are mostly green life now and not much life can be seen.  The same is true when diving our reefs. I’m very sad that my kids and grandkids won’t get to see and feel this biodiversity brilliance 😢 It was truly breathtaking 🌏💚✨
Nature will always strike a balance, no help needed from man.
I hope your people aren't believing these lies. I think we all know why Earth's population is declining so rapidly lately.
I hope your people aren't believing these lies. I think we all know why Earth's population is declining so rapidly lately.
As long as "actor/journalists" go too, I'm ok with it.  FU60minutes. Besides all animals can re-evolve if you are an evolutionist and not a creationist.  This is National Geographic level of fantasy/lies.  Been hearing this for the better part of a century and it's all lies.
Bs
Everyone now is getting blamed for the huge increase that happened from 1965-1990? The percentage increase was 1.08% in 2020, compared to 2% in 65. Blame your grandparents
you forgot the salmon are all genetically engineered now apparently, how very sad
Can y’all stop telling your life’s story in the comments
We don't have a couple of decades, we are lucky we have couple of years left...the change in climate is going to wipe us out and there won't be a regenerate of other species thanks to all the nuclear power plants that will melt down due to no one manning them.... we r cutting our own throats and NO ONE is doing anything about it!!  There is only one project out there that could probably help with climate crisis, Meers ReflEction Project but no one is funding it to get it up and running.   Do enjoy the time you have left.
All of this is blayton BS the number one problem with the reduction of salmon and other wildlife is overfishing. Which is done by the massive fish industry instead of getting what people are buying they get way more than when people are buying. And then you have these individuals that want to depopulate the planet saying it's too many people. They absolutely had no problem getting rich and fat off of all of these billions of people hypocrites.
"1,500 private jets have flown in here to hear David Attenborough speak about how we're wrecking the planet." ~Rutger Bregman at Davos.
i wonder if feeding the hungry and healing the sick was such a good idea.  or is this the fault of the rich
Oh geez....what we have is an extinction of credible scientists...🤣🤣🤣
"There are huge non climate effects of carbon dioxide which are overwhelmingly favorable which are not taken into account. To me that's the main issue that the earth is actually growing greener. This has been actually measured from satellites the whole earth is growing greener as a result of carbon dioxide in the atmosphere. So it's increasing agricultural yields, it's increasing the forests, it's increasing all kinds of growth in the biological world and that's more important and more certain than the effects on climate." ~Freeman Dyson, Institute of Advanced Study in Princeton, New Jersey.
It's pollution of factories, etc that is destroying anilal and plant life not the population of people, but the lack of regulations for Wealthy Big Businesses and the wastefulness and over-indulging of resources by the WEALTHY.
I find it hilarious when westerners come to Africa to us teach conservation. If we all can reduce waste, we'll be in a better place. Why don't we start there. All those flights to attend meetings and driving suvs around the country side only to come to villages ' advising 'people to stop using firewood?.
Bill. Shot!!
Just hope my kids dont see the fall of humanity😥
Well… This certainly made me feel even worse than I already do
Only thing going extinct is my bank account
Yip we fkd🤷🏽‍♂️
60 Minutes sells on fear, this is a great example of that.
These guys should do the planet a solid...
That is a blatant lie. The population is not to large for the earth to sustain   Ridiculous!!!!!!!!❤
lmao, 60 minutes lies about everything. Earth is 20% greener since 2000, more green habitat than ever.
Propaganda
Yes it is. You can thank corporate practices and corporate money That continues to treat our environment like a expendable toilet along with all of our lives and living creatures in our environment upon which all life depends.
According to "scientists."
This is B/S… 🤦🏾I couldn’t get past :45sec——> Has ANYONE been in an Airplane and can see Hundreds of miles of Forests..?? I’m just saying.. Open Google Maps and see the ratio for people vs nature.. 🤷🏾‍♂️ 🤔Perhaps too many people in concentrated areas but come-ON peoples!!😅
I want to get the Grizzly and Jaguar population to an all time high. Then release them upon the populace.
I can only sigh. In no other situation would it be acceptable to avoid the root cause as the way to solve a problem. Given overpopulation and hyperconsumption are the root causes, both need to be dealt with. It'll behoove us as a species to stop reproducing for a couple decades or limit to 1 child maximum. But the spin you'll hear and buy into is the one put out by economists and corporatists: wE wOn'T hAvE eNoUgH rEvEnuE. 🙄Money is not the end all, be all, folks.
Don't listen to this humans only have taken over not even 20% of the land mass on earth they said 75% don't listen to media propaganda
Chemtrails Don't Help..
I knew there were less animals around. Damn.
Stop the madness!!!!!
Absolutely unreal. Humans are a cancer to this planet.
Of course it is
The human race is the worse species on this planet. If any species should go extinct, it should be us.
60 minutes is just political trash
Eventually humans will be part of this extinction process , it's only a matter of time. Climate change, famine ,  disease and viruses will end humanity ....then this planet will heal itself.
If a man goes around shooting a prophecy gun at everything, he's bound to hit something (to paraphrase Mark Twain).   They've missed more than they've hit.  I'm old enough to remember the same ilk warning that by my age now, the world would be in the grips of the next ice age.  Oh yeah and when the year 1999 turns to 2000 all the computer systems would collapse.  The natural pattern of life is that it ebbs and flows.  It always has and it will long after we are gone.  And we will be gone because we are part of that ebb and flow, not because humans are the source of all doom.
Sadness. Over my many decades of life I have witnessed the rapid decline in not only numbers of individual animals but also in the biodiversity of species. We humans consume, destroy, over populate and pollute with wild abandon.
Every time I watch this guy all I can think about is hammering in the background. It was the same guy right? I think it was
So what years were the first 5?
Fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear fear keep selling fear
The biggest problem with the world are the leaders. They’re absolutely 🥜s
I've been trying to tell y'all to abort those babies. 1 baby per family should be a law.
I hope this is the year the globalists kick off the mass extinction part of the plan. To 2023
Yay......more fear mongering. Just when the covid narrative started to fizzle out
lies lies lie's
People are not the cause is natural 😭😭
Its a catch 22, we as humans have destroyed the earth or well allowed business/governments etc to control stuff and not put a stop to the real harm that goes on. We are now making some positive changes and we do have the technology and soon more with fusion that will allow us as humans to survive with greenhouses etc but the animal population will not come back unless we actually do something about it (that could mean allowing cloning on a large scale) and removing barriers that have been put in place.  Salmon is a good start for people because they go back home to spawn so if you remove there way to get there or allow reduced water levels its no wonder a whole enviorment suffers.  Do what you can to bring nature to your place and we will all benifit
Unlike farmers who nurture what they later harvest, fishermen/hunters just catch/hunt their preys without care.
More like a mass extinction of common sense and faith.
Propaganda channel. Promotes salmon who is predatory fish.  Herring is important and not salmon. We couldn't care the less if there were no salmon since it's only a fish used to increase industrial waste as the global demand increase salmon farming. It's as well a fish used to fool consumers that they're buying another product as it's processed to the point it's just substance.
By 2050 things will be ok and there will be new alarmists saying the same things 😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Chemtrails and 5G cell towers and the vaccines everyone better get their booster booster booster shot
Lies. The extinction is going to come from that stupid job. Everybody knows it.
People, do not believe this propaganda. 60 Minutes is a Government run show, and its goal is to lie, and scare the population. A bunch of Democrats that have sold out our country & and have no problem with programming the masses.
He works with his wife!? I commend his patience.
Don’t you mean a manufactured mass extinction called COVID-19.
Perhaps governments and corporations should stop destroying the planet then. They are causing an astronomical amount of these problems.  The average person in the world's populations (even combined with all the others) effect are minuscule compared to world governments and corporations across the planet.  Yet, these are ALSO the people telling you that YOU need to change.  As long as hypocrites like this run the world. Nothing will change.
STOP GEOENGENRERING! QUIT SPRAYING CHEMTRAILS,BUNKER FUEL GET yOUR HEADS OUTTA YOUR PHONES AND LOOK UP
Lmfao then we are all doomed. Let’s just keep riding till the wheels fall off!!
Salmon spend most their lives out in the Oceans. when they come up a fresh water river to mate, soon after they die. Salmon can NOT survive in fresh water after living in the Ocean. They All die after they spawn .
Mainstream media never disappoints - doom, gloom, sadness, worry doubt and of course their favourite The Fear. oh we bad bad humans. the presenter poops as well he is also part of our problem. Mother earth knows what she is doing...or iIs It ALL in Your Mind.
Bull crap , species extinctions are caused by the usual killers , the earth doesn't need humankind to determined population control , the earth has done its own balancing for millions of years , the earth provides for it's inhabitants , majority of earth is not populated , it's all about selective control .
Ask a cattle baron why he is so attached to his way of life.
As top predator, man is wired to seek and destroy all living things.
Stop scaring ppl
Bunch of mambo Jumbo BS !!!  Our Lord has created enough goods for every living thing on this earth
There will be a mass extinction very soon 🔜 I assure you it will be by world wide nuclear war 1 out of 8 people will survive. Russia Vs NATO and US Vs China looks like it's on the horizon unfortunately. The military budgets prove it. It's written in all scriptures of Islam, Christianity and Judaism. It's know as the great war. The war like none before because of the weapons that will be used. Unseen technology countries have kept secret.
Our lifestyles are about to change dramatically but we cannot let the new world order do it or we'll all be chipped and still be screwing the planet up with them in charge we've got to shut this new world order down
Sure, the planet and everything ever built or put together has an expiration date. And, now, Democrats will step in and play the God they kicked out of our schools and our Nation causing ALL KINDS OF UNINTENDED CONSEQUENCES, JUST LIKE THEY ALWAYS HAVE AND ALWAYS DO! Only God knows the date and time. But, unfortunately, ALL OF US have to put up with 'THEM' until Jesus, His Son, returns to fill out the prophecy. God has always worked everything out and this will be no different. It doesn't sound too pleasant for so many but, there was also a plan in place for you for that, too! Either way, your Eternity NEVER ENDS.
Ten years ago, people, including scientists, were already saying that we are facing the 6th great extinction, as well as the Anthropocene, the age where human being are the number one influence on the environment.    And, I've been saying for a lot longer than that if we do not reduce our population the easy way, by reducing the birth rate, nature will do it the hard way, by increasing the death rate. Some people say that Thomas Malthus was wrong, but just because his predictions have not come true yet does not mean that they won't.    The silver lining is that in the developed world, birth rates are going down.while this will cause some problem in the short run, it is still a very good thing.
If we are in a mass extinction I don't think humans will make it through. We probably don't deserve to
This entire episode is a commercialization of the edicts of the Georgia Guidstones, & the NWO/WEFs "Great Reset."  A vast majority of the animal species that have been culled, have been so by the worldly governments who've mandated & sponsored hideous farming chemicals which runs off into lakes, rivers & oceans creating red/blue alge outbreaks, which thereby kills mass quantities of aquatic & land creatures.  According to the powers that be, by 2050'ish, they want the world's human population culled down to 500 million people. That means roughly 750 billion people must die, to satisfy their demonic thirst for power, & total control over the entire human race...or what'll be left of it.  "We shall rein VICTORIOUS over our heathenous wretched foe, for Christ our Lord say'eth so!"  -Soldiers of Light in God's Cavalry
Failing government…. All I can say
4050
In 1970, they were also telling us to brace for another ice age, ya b00b.
Sounds like a problem of over regulation and too much government.  Good job fear mongering for the elites and pushing their solution for the "problem" that is us common people.  Maybe the government should get out of the business of paying people for having kids and reward the hard workers, or just get out of our way.  There was a 1930s German that had a lot of the same ideas about the population
Only this time it's very clear to many, many 'Experts' that THIS is a 'Planned Extinction Undertaking' that the Globalist's (i.e; WEF, etc) get a enormous thrill from.   If they only knew - God is there to meet them on the other side of this on their day of reckoning.
I haven't seen any shortage of plants lately
"Earth currently experiencing a sixth mass extinction" Yes: It's called the great reset/agenda 2030.
The same people lecturing US & telling US that WE are toxic to nature are the ones who are, are  involved WITH, and are working FOR the money monopolies that run all the toxic plants with the most emissions, use the most chemicals, package everything in toxic packaging, lobby govts to make all the regulations that THEY get to violate, lobby govts to fund factory farms, and lobby govts to extort more wages from the working people to feed & breed millions more non-productive, welfare dependent  humans whose wasteful consooomerism funnels all the money back into their pockets.  And  blame US.
I know actually whats happened in the global warm but sadly someone is doing whatever to stop me from grow up
Lmao they blame The population for the problem 🤦🏻‍♂️. I blame the rich and there greed for more and producing chemicals and taring down lands for know reason but money . How about get rid of money and everything is free and share with one another share lands with animals . If we didn’t have money people wouldn’t want so much and would be more giving and caring plan an simple destroy goverments is the first step to healing this world then money
I smite the elite for this problem
😂it’s already over
Heartbreaking 😔
😪 I’m sickened. I wish people would wake up 😢
So they were wrong about 1970 but they are correct now. Presently the earth produces 1.5 times the food needed.
So theres too many people?.... well for the people who got the "vax".... i dont think you will be around much longer.   Sadly,..
Documentary   Population Bomb: The Overpopulation Theory That Fell Flat “In partnership with Pulitzer Center  Population Bomb: The Overpopulation Theory That Fell Flat  Producers: Kit R. Roane and Sarah Weiser Editor: Jeff Bernier Released: October 22, 2019 Not enough babies are being born to support an aging population in some parts of the world. But decades ago, there seemed to be the opposite problem: a prediction about a future with too many people. The concern then was that a population bomb would tip the world into chaos.  In 1968, the release of Paul Ehrlich’s best-selling book The Population Bomb and his multiple appearances on the “Tonight Show" helped spread fears that our planet could not sustain itself. Population concerns were already percolating, and Americans soon flocked to Ehrlich’s movement, Zero Population Growth, whose mantra on children was “stop at two."  While many of his forecasts did not come true, they left a legacy that is still with us today. In the end, the story of The Population Bomb sheds a fascinating light on the dangers of prediction and the adaptability of the human race.” https://www.retroreport.org/video/the-population-bomb/
I should have guessed that this current 'Sixth Great Extinction' BS was from Paul Ehrlich, the discredited Malthusian author of the 'Population Bomb'... Are We in a 'Sixth Great Extinction'? Maybe Not. (2016) "Last summer, a team of researchers led by Stanford University conservation biologist Paul Ehrlich released a study confirming the worst: "Earth is on the brink of a sixth mass extinction," and it's our fault. By polluting the environment and altering habitats, humans are killing off our earthly neighbors. As disconcerting as this news is, it unfortunately came as little surprise. The notion that humans are erasing species off the face of the Earth at near unprecedented levels is a perennial story that has been blared in the media for more than two decades. In the year 2000, the United Nations' Millennium Ecosystem Assessment estimated that species are going extinct 1,000 times faster than they naturally do, and that this rate could increase to 10,000 times. These rates translate to between 17,000 and 140,000 species going extinct each year by some estimates. As an undergraduate majoring in zoology and conservation biology at the University of Wisconsin-Madison (the institution where Aldo Leopold pioneered the field of wildlife management), these depressing numbers became engrained within my psyche, along with a desire to do something about them. That desire remains, but my acceptance of those estimates was recently shaken when I came across a simple fact. Over the last five hundred years, there have been just 875 confirmed extinctions. Why so few, when some scientists have insisted there should have been millions?" https://www.realclearscience.com/blog/2016/02/is_there_really_a_sixth_great_extinction_maybe_not.html
Bullshittings the earth has greened by 15 percent! No Mass extinctions.  Deserts greening! Total fiction.
Nature will survive without us,we can't survive without nature.
Maybe they should stop spraying chemicals in the air which eventually falls down and poisons all the land and water
No bees brings you on your knees, bred for breeds to need.
We are monopolizing the planet.  Yet again Thanos is proven right.
AT OUR CURRENT RATE:By 2050 the fish in our oceans will be depleted..by 2070 our coral reefs will be gone..by 2100 the rainforests will be all cut down...all because of GREED!
Its happned at least 6 x before! Humans a stupid to believe they can prevent a Natural cycle. The only thing that stays the same is that nothing ever stays the same.
I wonder if these scientist have made lifestyle changes?  Lead by example, or are they living in a nice house, with a gas furnace, driving EV cars fueled on coal, and travelling by plane or do they expect everyone else to give up a modern lifestyle?
It all had to end sometime
Ohhh noooo!!!! More climate alarmism-- we need more government control to fix this NOW!!  FFS the guy even admits they've been making their BS predictions since at least 1970.
Is the sky falling again? Are we supposed to be afraid. Fear mongering.
If anyone made an effort to save humanity someone else will ruin it for financial gain.
The problem is human over population.  Without addressing that root cause, there is no hope for humans.   What about following Communist China's old successful example of limiting to 1 child per married couple?
Nobody will stop it until we as humans are facing starvation and more overpopulation. By then it will be too late. Once humans are diminished by this type of apocalyptic scenario is the only way that the wild will replenish and the earth will once again be "wild"
Ha surprised they allowed this comment section to stay up. 22k likes to 11k dislikes and counting. The people know this is a croc of you know what and it time people people start speaking up. These so called EXPERTS these days are as expert as my 5year old nephew but I forgot just follow the science right
We can change our diet today and save some of sentient beings while working on decreasing carbon dioxide emissions.
I wouldn't stress to much cause one day the Sun will give up the ghost and everything will die on Earth anyway.
Blasphemy
Last year i hardly saw any wasps and very few Bees . I never saw 1 butterfly  and very few small insects. Shame all the environmentalists like extinction rebellion etc dont concentrate their efforts on this problem instead of directing their venom at oil companies. This is the real threat to humanity. When was the last time you saw bugs on the bumper of your car.
What alarmist rubbish.. Shows how far 60 minutes have slipped giving a platform to a man proven perpetually wrong
This is why we have covid and war
Greed greed and more greed have ruined the planet 🌏 nothing more
Propaganda for population control
𝗖𝗹𝗶𝗺𝗮𝘁𝗲 𝗚𝗼𝗻𝗲 𝗠𝗮𝗱 A few days ago, the papers warned that Europe is facing the worst drought in 500 years. They described the dry and hot weather and the fires that broke out all over the continent and spoke of an apocalypse. Today, they are reporting flooding in London and violent storms in France causing catastrophic flooding, where in some places, more than an inch of rain fell in less than 30 minutes, and in Paris, a storm with 65 mph wind gusts and nearly 2 inches of rain that fell in just 90 minutes flooded the Metro. Clearly, the climate has gone mad. However, the climate did not go awry by itself, but because of our madness. Nature’s erratic behavior merely reflects our own agitation toward everything. Our growing narcissism drives us to treat everyone and everything with utter indifference to the needs of others. In fact, we even enjoy hurting others. We think that if we can use others and not see the consequences for our actions right away then there are no consequences, but there are very serious consequences for our wrongdoing toward others. In the closed system that is the world we live in, everything we do affects everything else, and that effect returns to us like a boomerang. When we pour so much negativity into the system, it becomes dysfunctional, and this summer, we are experiencing this dysfunction through the smoldering heat waves and torrential rains. If we continue to flood the system with hatred and intolerance, we will not need nuclear weapons to wipe us out; plagues, natural disasters, fires, and floods will extinguish us long before we extinguish each other. When the summer is gone, winter will come with its own perils, and lack of gas and power will wreak havoc in Europe. Eventually, we will have to accept that we cannot defeat nature; we cannot outsmart it. We will have to learn to be an integral part of nature, connected to each other and to nature. We will not survive otherwise. Since the only element in nature that has bad intentions and an exploitative attitude toward others is us, we must begin to change our relationships. Our attitude toward the rest of nature stems from our attitude toward each other. Therefore, if we are considerate toward each other, we will be considerate toward nature. It turns out that the correction of our tormented planet begins with the correction of our broken ties with one another. To mend them, we must put our heads together and discuss solutions on a global level. These solutions must be inclusive and take into account everyone's needs. At the same time, everyone must accept that they cannot receive more than is necessary, since they, too, must be considerate toward others. To get such a global initiative off the ground, there needs to be an open discussion about it all over the global media. People must know that we really are running out of time, and unless we ‎ change now, it will be too late afterwards.‎ I do not know how to keep this move clean from politics and politicians, but it has to be a ‎genuine effort to save humanity and the planet, not a ploy to take control of it. Perhaps a panel of scientists will be able to make this happen, but they, too, must work without ulterior motives.‎ I realize that this idea may sound naive, but I also realize that if we do not take global action to sincerely improve our connections, the approaching annihilation is certain and near.‎
Overpopulation is a myth. 50% of arable land on Earth is used for animal agriculture. Figure out what action you should take once you have that information.
Either have no kids or have one kid. Don't be selfish. We have to fix this. It will cause a major economic disruption but that is inevitable and it's the required pain we have to go through. It goes against our biological programming but we have to rise above that and be rational. We have cheated nature for a long time, allowing the human population to grow far larger than it ever should have and now we're paying the debt. Actually, the wildlife is paying our debt. We're still comfortable. For now...
No mention of where the water is going in ca  No mention of the countries , corporations who are mass polluting
Hopefully the mass exstinction is humanity. COMET 2024!!!
total BS
I wonder how many of these people are profiting from scaring everyone.
Follow the money. Why is CA out of water? Who controls the water? Who controls the flow of water and who controls the storage of water? When you find the answer you'll understand why this state has no water.
Lowering the population is the only sustainable solution.   More people=more problems.
Propaganda and lies. We are not going through a mass extinction.
We are a virus simply put all resources are consumed without thought of cycles not enough people are thinking of sustainable processes  I’m fine with surviving and struggling  But I’ve been ready for this battle
I just know that it's all about the bees 🐝 😌
This guy was wrong for 50 years
This report is disingenuous. The Frankenstein Fish they introduced eat all the native salmon.
Government  S just want to justify City perimeter restrictions in the name of what we saw in lockdown….. already in England they’ve planned climate lockdown in Oxford
What a great story in the middle of winter, people are gonna walk outside and wonder where all the critters are, its extinction not winter.
Yeah, & we heard the same old song--" Artic ice free by 2000". 23 years after the deadline it's the same. Ocean levels 10-15 feet higher. How much has it actually risen? Zero. Some land bodies have slight increase, but it's because of tectonic plate movement.
People should realize they're the issue. Stop having kids, stop buying out of your means. Humans are such selfish creatures that'll self-destruct naturally 🤦
60 min! You need to tell me what to do. You can't just drop the problem and just walk away.
The viruses come in help of nature.. sadly but if humans decrease in half the number the world gets better....
No need to worry once all the wild life is gone we can eat each other!
🌎🌍🌏
The South Americans have eaten all the Wildlife.
60 minutes at one time was a reputable source. Sad they are bought and paid for by the global elites and the WEF.  I heard only one solution, pay everyone to stop doing something. By the comments this segment was meant for one thing. Control. Thanks for the conspiracy theory 60 minutes 👎
1970 huh? So, what happened, 53 yrs later, we're still here!!!!
BS
It's time for us as the people to start making some changes Let's change the way we eat Let's change the way we live Let's change the way we treat each other
Stanford biologist Paul Ehrlich has been predicting the end of humanity ever since his spectacularly wrong 1968 book “The Population Bomb.” Yet for some reason (desperation for viewers?), CBS’s “60 Minutes” nonetheless thought it should let him spout more of his thoroughly debunked nonsense Sunday.
Interesting coming from the same biologist who said in the 1970's there was a mass extinction event because of a global cooling.
i believe in extinction, not evolution. humans have extinct and nephilims  are populating their hybrids
What... you mean to tell me if you constantly take millions of fish out of their habitat eventually they'll be extinct? No way! Yea I'd say were pretty dumb.
David Attenborough warned us about mass extinctions years before all of this truly sad 🕊️
Can't believe anything these scientists say, they tell the world they're looking for life in space when the earth is also in space.
We just need to start eating other humans, we probably have some good ribeye
We destroy the Earth and waters with pollution not the populace. It’s pollution that destroy everything
Thanos was right
All quacks. Paul Ehrlich has a 100% record of being incorrect
If i see a human being call a animal invasive spiecies again ill puke.  If  Every creature was to exist but us planet would thrive only one way to save the planet and thats if 8 billion things vanish from it........
Soul less people are taking over the place of these natural pollinators. The result will be catastrophic.
Humans are just advanced forms of bacteria
I am a prophetess and the world is going to an end soon
The world _has_ been overpopulated for decades.  And where is this overpopulation most significant?  In the affluent areas of the world, of course, that have the highest overconsumption per capita.  *Sadly, capitalists love big populations (big market / big labour pool / big profits).  So, they will LIE and LIE and LIE.*
Okay, so they used a chart to show extinction events back to 600 million yrs ago. By what ever definition they chose there has been 5 mass extinctions. Also there are 6 or 7 times when levels were higher than now but did not meet their definition of mass extinction. Those were not human or industrial related. The are occuring on a fairly regular schedule. What they are supporting is in fact the earth has periodic "extinction" events. This is normal. Cyclic trends are natural. But we almighty humanes think we can "fix" anything. Think about it, the world is so great this time we have to stop the events that literally lead to this moment. That is such a superior than thou way of seeing things. Stop trying to control nature, there have been warm ages and ice ages. Its going to happen. It allows for survival of the fittest and evolution. Every species in exhistence today is invasive. Invasive is actually natural. Adapt and quit trying to control hundreds of millions of years of events because you think so highly of yourself.
It Feel Like Summer
I don’t believe this crap. We have plenty of wood and jungle
I am disappointed but not surprised that 60 Minutes would choose to interview an entomologist with no background in demographics or population dynamics or agriculture who has been consistently, confidently and spectacularly WRONG on nearly every prediction he has offered for the past 50 plus years. He's like the guys on the street corner predicting the end of the world, when it doesn't happen, he's back the next week with a new date and new excuses for why he was wrong last time. Ehrlich is proponent of Malthusian theories and a prodigious self-promoter, not a thinker or an intellectual pioneer.
One thing nobody seems to say about all of this is another thing that is very very destroying. This planet is wars, the money that is wasted on war, machines, ammunition, etc. etc. and what it does to the earth so maybe it’s some people and politicians should look at that because it’s not profitable for them
This over population is only in the 3rd world.
I was only saying about a year ago that you don't hear birds where I live anymore.  I remember when I was younger in the 80s and every morning you would wake and hear birds very loud.  No more.
"In 1970, he predicted the world would utterly break down before 1985. It would be unable to support humanity  Didn't happen"
God promised us he would not flood the earth again. Only because he knew we would drown ourselves in our own greed and humanity. I hate this world I live in
We f'in suck so bad. We are the worst thing to happen to planet Earth.
TMH said increase and multiple, forever. These are deceivers. Now the world is in the hands of the wicked, and the wicked are destroying the earth, but YASHAYAH will saved it, and mankind from being destroyed. Peace!!!
What’s being done about overconsumption?
Humans was the best creation from god . But we took it for granted .over population and polluting our beautiful earth .
It’s crazy that we have Intellectuals (Elon Musk, Jordan Peterson, etc.) that claim that UNDERpopulation is a major problem today and yet we seem to have a lot of data, such as this segment, that suggests the opposite of that. I understand that people are living longer and birth rates are declining in many developed countries, but I can think of about 8 billion reasons why that’s not necessarily a bad thing.  I would love to see a debate on this subject to better understand why there isn’t a better consensus.
Those the same scientists and experts that told us we were all totally for serious going to be dead by now from Covid?   See that's the problem with Science TM -- it produces a society where all academics, experts, etc are now viewed with suspicion and to some degree great disdain.
Paul Ehrlich has been completely WRONG for about 50 years. The politicians are going to use this to control us.. Also, many of the scientists and radicals are not pro environment and pro species. Many of them are actually anti-human. They've been pushing this crap since the late 70s. They control you by using FEAR! Don't ever forget it.
Another fine tabloid news piece.  60 minutes is more exciting since they turned tabloid.
Geoengineering is not helping the situation. Constant high altitude jets spraying weather manipulation chemicals over your town I live in San Diego and it happens regularly.
Here we go again 🙄 we're all going to die. But you can be saved if you just give the government more of your money. As a survivor of numerous doomsday predictions, the speculations, and 1/2 truths with outright faults hoods astound me that fear mongering still works. Especially if you're selling a book and you're previous predictions were proven false.
Geoengineering and chemtrails are killing so many species and us humans, but people can't see it they don't believe it.
Lies
The European man is the mass extinction to the planet. So dinosaurs were exploiting the earth? This european man has devastated the planet and people of the planet now his birth numbers are the lowest of all people. Now all his wealth to control the nations through fossil fuels might have to be shared because all other nations are realizing the need to control their own resources. Now its a climate issue for Africans and other poor people to demand independence to use their own resources to create wealth for themselves and on Q European man comes up with climate control to stop those poor nations development from becoming independent of Europe and the US.
If you actually care, end animal agriculture and go vegan.  The science is clear.  80% of land use is agriculture.  If animal agriculture ended tomorrow, 75% of farmland could be returned to wilderness and forests can be restored.  Ocean dead zones are also caused by animal agriculture.  That too would reverse if animal agriculture was banned.  Probably most people are lacking in empathy but the main cause of animal cruelty is also animal agriculture.  The body parts on your plate were made from extinction, climate change, and suffering.  You are 100% in control of what you financially support and therefore 100% responsible for the consequences.
Okay. Yall have been saying this for decades. Give it up.
Thanks Boomers.
It's all part of Earths 'Evolutionary Nature', of which Humankind is  part of... Evolutionary Nature, along with the Sun, Moon and the odd Rogue Asteroid, is, and Always has been, the Great Arbitrator.....not Religion, not Humankind....Evolutionary Nature has made Humankind what it is and will decide the outcome. Simple.
Everyone who is a consumer is the problem. Not one person, no matter how "green" people think they are gets to omit themselves from the problem. If you live in a structure, own anything manufactured in plants, drive a car (even electric), use energy in any way, wood stoves, wear clothes, yada, yada, yada equals an involvement in the destruction. We are all to blame.  In fact, our species are nothing but parasites on this planet. We take from the earth without regard and keep producing to our hearts content. The earth is a living being and will do what it needs to do to rid itself of the fleas draining it dry. We will not survive unless manufacturers stop making unnecessary crap. It should be necessity from here on out. No more junk.  Will we stop shopping as a whole? Nope. We are our own worst enemy. The earth isn't limitless in resources. I'm not too concerned when the planet begins the process of phasing our a553s out. We totally deserve it.
Lies lies lies people are worshiping the  creation! Not the CREATOR!! Look up climate changers are making our earth sick. Spraying poison over our planet and us
This one being caused by mankind.
Fake news!
I wonder if fukushima is killing the oceans
lies from 60 mins. pathetic
You alarmists are so full of crap it's ridiculous.  What could your motivation possibly be ?  You talk about bird populations declining.   You must live in downtown New York.
Human beings - still the only self loathing living thing in existence😂😂😂😂😂
Darn I wish I hadn’t used that plastic😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
So many fat-obese Americans & Europeans eating more than their fair share of food necessary to survive are causing a food crisis. When you are sitting down at your next meal, ask yourself, do I really need this much food to survive?
Lol this is peak comedy: THE SKY IS FALLING. The only solution is to force you via taxes to give your money to the elites!!! We promise it'll work out :)
Having studied population dynamics, wildlife biology, and sociology I can tell you that there really is no solution. Because the most challenging solution is the political one and unless we lived in a global dictatorship where one person makes all the decisions there will ALWAYS be a group of people who don't want to cooperate and that will prevent cooperation on a grander scale. We are a selfish, greedy species and will inevitably destroy ourselves. It may not be our lifetime but it will happen
"Be fruitful and multiply." Genesis - the Bible  Of course, science does not believe in the God of Creation.
We’re not quite as high order as we wish to believe, just another mammal running on basic instincts. Thanks to all those who’ve tried to ring the alarm, but we’re far too foolish and ignorant to heed such warnings, we will learn, but only in retrospect.
Our survival is not just about living with less. Maybe instead of more we need less until technology breakthroughs can prove living conditions on our universe, as earth is all we ever have with our attitude, are not getting worse for human's spiritual welfare. Are we even getting smarter at all is my entire argument. People seem to comprehend less and more, contextually simplified drivel is what most people have ability to comprehend fully with one single glance. Complex issues are not shown to be understood at single glance by most intellectuals, only glorified comics seem to grasp fuller perspectives if pushed around by asking (talking still about one repeat of reading for example, no thinking involved beyond that point), but rarely have noice making abilities to justify opinions on anything beyond traffic light being too dimm. We are not intelligent specie by any definition. Sentient only when making pooping sounds for our kids, beyond that handling load of information becomes unbearable and frankly pathetic if you consider steps involved beyond comprehension. That seem like task managers job for most university students beyond basic grades.
Is there a longer video of this?
we can thank biden and the rest of the democrats for it
Eternal economic growth trumps all for every country in the world. Governments don't care. Money and power is more important. It's only until mother nature throws all it's got to wipe us out that the world can recover. Humans are parasites.
yea uh sure. the only extinction I see occurring is 60 minutes and shows like that at least according to the viewership anyways. and that is a good thing.
Humans breeding like rats.You should be ashamed if you have more than one child. I have none. I would never bring a child into this world. We don't need any more people.
I see they are still alive. If they believe they are right, they should start with themselves and their families.
It can’t come fast enough.
Yes, it will be magic when we unite for important issues like 🌎 creatures & environment
The capitalist elites know this, they don't care. They have the money to prepare for the after part where us common folk will be killing each other for water. They have plenty land they've seized all over the world that will keep their families alive for generations. While we bicker about "liberals" they're all laughing
90 years old?! Great job sir
It's not people its wasteful corporations they throw away mor food than millions could eat
BS.
Not one of his “dire prophecies” has come true.
I have realized for long time the lag of political motive to do anything to reverse global warming unfortunately I think it’s to late to change what is coming but I do believe in the long long run people will realize that we have to do better. Mother Nature will restore itself
So easy to fix....
we were su
As the world turns
As the late great George Carlin once said. The planet's not going anywhere we are
Moronic
I would argue is not the amount of people but the badly distribution of resources and materials. We have 40% of all food produced going to the trash can, we have most  buildings in the US cooled 24 hours even when there is no one there, people driving gas consuming SUVs, the oil industry extracting gas from the ocean, massive oil spills every 4-5 years, use of pesticides and  abusive industrial farming… we have so many practices that can be altered and changed to help everyone in our planet. When we only think about what is best at an individual level we forget that we are all living on the same planet
The moment they created plastic and dig oil out. the harm it did around the world and didn't stop it it was already to late.
There have been 5 mass extinctions in the last 500 million years. The last one was 65 million years ago when an asteroid ended the reign of the dinosaurs... Now... maybe we need another one of those events.
When I was a kid in 80’s and early 90’s teen we used to catch crayfish, snails, frogs, toads, water spiders, salamanders, ect…  They all dissappeared by mid to late 90’s.    Sad what modern chemistry and economy has done to the world.   We’re next look at cancer rates.   Smh   EPA grants and sells permits to pollute.   Its not humanity its big business and corporations who poison the water, air and land by forcing us to use what the govt allows us to.
The world resources are controlled by a minority of the world population that's the biggest problem in the world. Human exploitation human, Rich and poor...there is a lot of space for more people.
When I lived in Florida back in the 80s my buddy and I used to go fishing in the Indian River and catch fish all day long . Within 4 years time most of the edible fish just disappeared and never came back
I am very sorry Mother Earth and I apologize to you for all of humanity and for my own self for trashing you and killing off many of your beautiful species of life.  I pray things change and get better very soon!  It is imperative we act now!  I truly hope my species gets our act together. 🙏🏼❤️ ☮️ 🌎 🕉
of course that’s a correct observation & concern!  🧐 yet there are still lots of “who-cares-attitude” not only in Latin America, but also such countries as in China, less-developed SE Asia nations …. 🤦‍♂️
The tree near our ancestral house is still standing ,but the fireflies that used to light it at night are gone.
Looks like Thanos was right after all...
It was inevitable once we had endless genders…….
More fear mongering.  Your track record of Cataclysmic events is not very reassuring that this one will come to pass.
Totally wrong. The planet total population could live comfortably inside Texas!!!  The population of humanity could stand holding hands, all 8.6 Billion, inside the city boundary of Jacksonville Florida ! Fact! This is to condition you for their plan to cull us, you to!   We are destroying the earth out of stupidity, greed, and mismanagement! Fact!
A topic that deserves more than a 13 minute report.  "And now let us hear about the horrible life of Price Andrew.."
Contranticting GOD'S will multiply and fill the earth
There's a lot of animals going extinct only the ones that we don't eat  it's billions of chicken and cows
We destroy the environment and take up all the space. Poor humanity poor us you are right announcer guy
According to other scientists we are not having enough children. So what is it?
We humans can figure it out while we continue to populate the earth ... it's not the end of the world ... relax ... Great for views tho right !!!!!!!!! 10:00 conservation efforts and action is the only way to go .... enough with end of the world overpopulation talk
Could this be caused by humans or is this just mother nature? For billions of years animals been going extinct on their own just to make room for new animals. So who's to say that isn't what is going on now. 😂
"What does the world have to do?"  "Stop living like Americans or encouraging developing countries to live like Americans. It's impossible. What if every person in Africa and South-East Asia wants a blender and a food processor and a waffle iron and a George Foreman grill and a toaster and a coffee machine and an avocado slicer and a fondue machine and blah blah blah...We barely survive until the population peak and it starts to come back down IF we find a near infinite energy source AND we cut down on the amount of stuff we think we need and the land-clearing, drilling, transport and energy it takes for the Americans to send their wealth to China in exchange for plastic trinkets like the Native Americans did for New York....
You would think that maybe people would take a break on having children ? But.... nooooooope.... Keep poppin' 'em out people... you are the selfish ones. You stand in front of trees to protect them from being cut down, but you're PREGNANT ? Yes, I have seen this with my own eyes !!! The human being is the absolute worst event that has ever happened to this planet. And that is coming from someone who is "not" a nihilist !!! You are only bringing human beings into an existence that is going to be absolutely dreadful and traumatizing... if they in fact survive... seems like out-rite abuse of a life to me... but...who am I, eh ?
This is again that depopulation narrative. The easiest way to stop people from procreating is to empower them and get them out of poverty.  It has been shown everywhere. China has an declining population the western nations have declining population.  India also has falling birth rates and so on. All studies pointing that the population will peak at about 9 billion. And that mass extinction scare one hint 99,99% of all the species that have ever existed on this planet are extinct. We can adapt or we go extinct evolution is pretty simple
They keep spraying the sky with POISON.  This is one of the main causes of this problem
Yep Destin Florida used to be one of the best fishing spots in the  world. Now The fish are just not there.  There isSo much land still I don’t buy into we have taken over the planet
Protect the salmon by not killing them. Let them remain in the ocean unmolested!
I've found that Scientists are most fervent about causes on which they've written books or for which they've received funding.
Wouldn't ice melting  be a good thing just imagine all the land that would open up in Antarctica it's about the size of Mexico and United States combined. We're all we know there could be unlimited resources there. Lol
Not facts
I guess the humans that survive will be the fittest
BS propaganda
Native American Indians and Indigenous people ,around the world showed us the template of how this works!! Instead we put a monetary system on EVERYTHING in nature!! And for that financial gain and pursuit of wealth, nature is paying the COST!! Gains and profits will always take precedent! America for  example will sell its water around the world, until it is GONE! Humanity is definitely on that limb ,that corporate greed is sawing OFF!!!
If humanity became vegan, then the earth could support even more people than there are now. Worried about the extinction of animal species? Stop eating animals!
Tribes have casinos now and doing well making loads of money.  You should see the crab pots put out on the Olympic peninsula by commercial fisherman.  .  Salmon try and make it back to the river the tribes net them.  The tribes do have hatcheries
We always could just start launching people into space. Just start sending people to all the different planets to see what happens. 😂
Then quit spraying those chemtrails!!
One day we will be in the history books just like previous dying civilizations... we are a dying civilization.
Look up economic and social governance
Look up muander minimum and dalton minimum.
Omg politicians talk but they are horrible examples.  Flying
Yeah under their stupid climate lockdowns they want to do. Well under a climate lockdown governments would limit private vehicle use, soundfamiliar, ban consumption of red meat, there again, impose extreme energy saving measures, like overseas where the freezing people to death, while fossil fuel companies would have to stop Drilling, just like JB said, to avoid such a scenario we was overhaul our our economic structures and do capitalism differently, like embrace communism. And isn't it strange that NASA came out and said everyone's lying and they show the temperature to 2025 going down. Now you know why they didn't put out electric vehicles for everybody cheaply. Now you know why they're making feed so hard for the farmers to get Now you know why they're limiting fertilizer.
Its a natural cycle and it will correct itself...earth will be fine. It will shake us off like the fleas we are when she has had enough.
You can physically fit 100% of the world's population on the island of Manhattan. This concept is just idiotic. Mass extinction? How can anyone take this seriously?
Live like there is no tomorrow!! Right???
The planet can easily sustain another 7 billion people but we complain about our own stupidity.
Keep buying a new car every 5 years
Don't complaint about not been able to repair your appliances so you have to buy new ones every 5 years.
Keep wasting food and it will get better.
Keep spraying chemicals all over your yard thinking that animals like that and you'll see how I'll get worse
I don't think people understand how much open land the earth has
Oh
8:07 the ONLY Solution, is for Humans/Terran Co-Creators, of this Outer Physical Plane, to become COMPASSIONATE, MORE LOVING, & MORE UNDERSTANDING. That's the ONLY Solution. 💯
60 Minutes needs to do a story about the Chemtrails and farm chemicals that are sprayed.💯 Also about GMO crops. The farmers have lost control of our Seed.💯 Sad world with evil Basturds in control.
Overfishing is a real problem. It means after one species is wiped out by overfishing they will switch to another species
We are an incredibly adaptable species, we live in all climates. It will head in this direction until the entire earth is inhabited. Any nature left will only exist in nature reserves. The only thing that can stop it is a catastrophic event which wipes humans out.
Should research salmon in flathead lake!
These people want to depopulate down to 500 million by 2030. we could bring industry back to the usa. and promote real growth around the world. stop pollution and bring 1776 worldwide.
This is a load of nonsense , it is the cities that are over crowded due to the attraction for money which the Globalists establishment have created in peoples minds ? Reason that the animals are taking a hit is because of the animal trade and I am sure if you look close enough it all points to the globalist establishment !
LIES LIES LIES!!!!!
Did you notice that your graph of Extinctions (at time 5:32), didn't match your statement?  ie.  66 million years ago?  It indicates the last extinction at over 100 million years ago.  If you can't get a graph correct, and how this worldwide prediction be trusted?
Dudes more worried about his career than the planet
Greed
ENDLESS INSANITY        YOU ARE ABSOLUTE FREAKS
☦️😁👍🇺🇸
This information is terribly misleading. Single families cutting own a few trees are not causing Mass wilde extentinction. Why was there no mention of industrial logging and mining nd fracking wiping out acres of forests and wildlife.  Good to look at the funding for this documentary.
Agent Smith was right. We are a plague to our planet.
Gee I wonder why? A 3rd of All Creatures. (The Holy Bible)
Happy to be vegan. It’s my contribution to a change.
There is something going on. Just look up you will see the sun and moon all day long
Y’all let these people tell us anything and believe it too 🤦🏾‍♂️
Too much human avarice!
Maintain Humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature - Georgia Guide Stones
Eagles are being killed by the 100s , by the blades of wind power. 15k people a day mine, by hand, minerals  necessary for electric cars, In just one mine in Africa. Nike and apple profit hugely off by exploiting 3rd world populations. Where is the reporting on this?
The move to the global economy is what started everything by simply killing our own gut bacteria and turning everyone into bioclones.
Whoever also thinks that last man crying is a legend use me as a like button
I have been convinced for a while now that humans are the new dinosaurs. Our number is going to be up as the earth can’t sustain a balance with us breeding out of control.  A lack of proper education in health and science has allowed third world countries to exist and propagate humans unchecked.  And that can be traced to the have and  have-nots and the rich trying to keep their grip.
We need world war 3 for population control, and btw CA is a Sh!thole, it’s in the top five states for negative population growth👍👍
Too many people and the wrong people are breeding.  Just go to Walmart to observe firsthand!
West and its life style are solely responsible for the present state.Killing of 4 billion people to depopulate the earth to restore the balance with nature is the hidden theory behind this episode.
There will be more death, more starvation before humanity wakes up. I've been on this planet too long and preached this stuff only to be laughed at my whole life, humans won't change until humans start to die in mass because they can't eat money. Sadly the worst contributors are also likely to be well protected from the worst of the suffering. Its really a sad time to be alive, so glad I didn't bring a child into this world just to watch it starve too.
Eat the babies and the bugz.
HOAX
That Infinity War agenda be creeping up soon.
Phyve jee
The earth goes through changes and not all animal adapt.  I would be more worried about having my soul right with Jesus Christ because we are approaching the in times which has everything to do with what you're talking about. God-bless everyone and I hope you wake up and come to your senses. Jesus is the only way
Birth rates and thus populations in Western countries have been falling for decades. The problem is not too many Western people. It's the 3rd world, with massive families that need feeding, that is causing the problem.
60 Minutes... always the best TV show in great and very important topics! And also congratulations for your very high quality recordings, voices and sounds!
The comment section speaks volumes as to the mentality of many. What a shame.
Coming from the same people that covered up the Russian collision hoax and Hunter's laptop
For anyone who did not know or forgot about the reports against the WWF in the Congo. Its even mentioned in the wiki bio. Though they word it as the villagers were hounded. In fact the were brutally attacked and massacred by paramilitaries funded by WWF, US and German governments. This was simply because the were living in a national park, part of their ancestral home land and practicing traditional hunting. The WWF did not like this and now they are dead.  I am sure there are some decent people in the organization, but I for one will not be listening to any of their preaching.
Exactly the reason they made the covid vaccine… And exactly the reason why so many people has been getting super sick lately…
4 billion years of life and in 50 years they know it all
Kinda selfish but also kinda sucks that some households are having 4-6 children (ridiculous imo) while others are feeling obligated to not have any because of overpopulation. Wayyyy too many households with too many children and men recklessly impregnating multiple women e.i. One loads on YouTube who just had her EIGTH child. They’re “well off” and can afford it but our resources aren’t
Thank China and India for their 2 Billion people, stop blaming the U.S. with their 340million people, plus adding the 5  million of so of migrants that come here every year
Not only do I see this I feel it, the earth species is dying and humans are killing them, including themselves On the other  to add to the crisis you have a hand full of sociopaths Dr. And scientists that want a controlled  group in America to feel like they are dying so they can medicate and use them for their own personal experiment.  People trying to convince citizens they are dying.
lol... erhlich never did the right thing and never won a bet
If gg has 100m why does he work for the government.. the insurance?
I can't even believe he's on here saying this I know who I'm not watching anymore damn fool
Don't worry BG and his masters from WEF and rockerfelor foundation have already taken care of the problem. 15-20%excess death and birth rates fallen the same.. Eugenics at work. There is not to many people on earth.
there needs to be much more study open conversation and less politics involved
it's in our nature to destroy ourselves
Maybe our govt should stop spraying our skies
"to sustain our lifestyle you and I" notice how he hasn't tried to change his lifestyle.
*BS*
,, Australia is a Lie ,, massive increase in Gas and COAL Exports over the next 20 years ,,
Shame, for a moment i thought 60 mins Australia was covering a topic of substance for once.
Yeah we know we've known. We also know as long as the rich keep getting rich off the destruction nothing will change. All the madness in the world is xaused by this knowing.
And yet the climate weirdos ignore this sort of thing.. They are happy to say were doomed.. But they wont say the real reason.. No one wants to come out with the over population theory when its plain to see.. and africa and the middle east will keep churning out millions upon millions of kids per year that they cant feed  .. and the west will keep allowing them to invade .. and the constant increase in population will continue..
The animals are in rich peoples homes as decoration  clothes , shoe , handbags etc . Should have listen to the native wisdom  ( take from the earth only what you need )  Pathetic. ...destroying yourself and complaining about extinction .
Developing countries don't really have much of a concept of conservation.. it's just taken for granted. They are where we were about 100 years ago in terms of that.
All thanks to the worlds government but we can blame it on the he people and or civilians 👍👍. This is very common of them so they will punish us with suffering while they continue to profit and live in there castles.
Men did these things to themselves because of greed .  Now they complaining about their own destructive behaviour smh
5 more earths? Such nonsense!!!
So were these the same scientists that told us For 75 years that cigarette smoking was perfectly fine?   Or are they the ones who say sea levels are gonna rise a quarter of an inch within a 100 years but they can't tell if with any certainty whatsoever if it's gonna rain tomorrow?  Or are they the ones on the dole from the federal government who hands out $500 billion a year in "research" grants?   Or are they the ones who we read about where every time they turn around they're previous hypothesis, theory or "fact" has been found to be incorrect?
Australian government needs to watch this . The world needs to stop it’s greed .
Science has become an hideous joke this is pseudoscience
Science has become an hideous joke this is pseudoscience
5 more earths? ha ha ha ha funniest thing all week!! bell end experts
So... Which 4 billion of the population is going to "volunteer" to take one for the home team??
Wondering if WEF and Covid are part of this?
And yet EU country's are cutting back on farming, putting farmers out of work, shutting down farms producing vegetables /meats, go figure
I agree with the concept of this video and that there are too many people.. we are destroying the planet.. But to add in things like no Grizzlies in Cali makes me question more things.. That has nothing to do with extinction as they are trying to pass it off as.. We straight up killed them..
It's mind blowing how fast humans have reproduced in just 50 years. I want to think of cockroaches but we can't be that bad right?
Ive done my part. I have no kids. The people that I know I encourage them to have one only. They are listening.
World birth control. India ia about to surpass China in population. Personally, I'm more afraid of our nasty few maga volcanoes.
The RICH will not allow the earth to be saved. They want 💰NOW, at any cost.😤😡
It’s mass extinction that’s been planned
TOOK MILLIONS OF YEARS FOR EARTH TO FORM TO SUSTAIN LIFE, & ONLY TOOK MAN 2,023 YEARS TO DESTROY
In '68....  "He (Ehrlich) was wrong about that (overpopulation would cause worldwide famine)". Yeah, well he's going to be right.
The earth is abundant and will continue to be a abundant planet this is falsehood as far as the earth not sustaining its life on the surface.
LIARS
Humanity is sitting on a limb that were sawing off that's a very deep statement and scary
The earth got places we never ever had people live on...stop playing we ain't over populated!y'all just greedy!smdh
Why are farmers being paid not to grow food
This is exactly why the powers that be are doing their great culling , with Covid make no doubt about it. There number one goal is the depopulation of the Earth and they know it’s not hard to do with so many sheep. Stay safe out there and God bless you.
Yes and are the big companies who destroy everything...not the small business
I am a farmer. I had a garden doing extremely well. Untill i Saw a normal looking plane fly over and it Just started a white and dark trail. Followed by more of these planes the following days.  Within 2 weeks all my plants got killed by virussen. There immuunsysteem was kaput! The same thing happend to the farmers around me. Chemtrails....aka deliberete poisening of the land and animals is unfortunatly real. Keep your eye on the sky. It is easy to spot for anybody with half a brain.
Dinosaurs???? What a evil lie they keep going in 2023.
fear-mongering the sheeple
so are these the same scientist that said we would be underwater buy 2010. also didnt the latest population data say that we are about to peak in population then start a massive decline as people around the world have less and less kids. sounds like you guys need to fact check also 1 team is not the entire scientist  community.
Ive seen bears in california this season. Crescent city has bears all over in the summer . Defy waaaaaay less numbers though
Bull people need to stop being greedy with land and accessories
Where are we going to get 4 more planet 🌎
I come from Malaysia but I wonder many beautiful beach Wich previously a safe place for us to go picnic now were often spotted crocodile and I wonder why.
The dinosaur were killed by a natural disaster,  they have caught many hired people putting poison in the lakes and rivers ,, All over the world  . Who is poison our rivers .whole flocks of Birds just drop dead no natural deaths, when biopsy done its shows they died of some energy some like microwaves a beam weapon so WHO IS KILLING THE ANIMALS... AND WHY .I BELIEVE ITS THE WEF AND PARTNERS,  FITS THEIR DESIRES TO CONTROL THE WORLD,  KLAUS SCHWAB. BELIEVES PEDOPHILIA IS A GIFT TO EARTH AND SHOULD NOT BE A CRIME ..I GOULD GO ON . BUT I DIGRESS  DO YOUR OWN RESEARCH I HAVE DONR MINE IT ALL LEADS TO THE WEF AGENDA...
This is all cap 🧢
Fear mongering!
Damn... then man cries. This was a sad moment 😢
It's all flies and mosquitos from now on.
Let’s keep it green and bring more bees everyone
We are wild plants and animals though!!!
Good time for a Plandemic...
Just wait till millions dissappear,  haven't seen anything yet ...
Hahahaha his voice sounds like a robotic voice you hear in reels
You must eat the bugs
Chemtrails and geo engineering is to blame. This is an advert for genocide
Extinction is a natural process...humanities extinction is unavoidable, humans are just smart enough to realize it is happening but it is not something new...
you dont NEED a job in fishing salmon. you WANT a job in fishing for salmon. get a new job.
Fake news
Such a bold face lie
lucky  we   have   America  committing  genocide  all  over  the planet in the  name  of  "  Spreading  Democracy  "  and  Liberating  Big  Oil "  for  the " Ruling  Plutocracy  "
As a child of the 80s, I've had memories of hundreds of caterpillars in our yard, butterflies and bees that could be seen daily in the summer and the sun was a nice warm gentle orange color. Now I hardly see any of the insects of my youth and the sun is almost white and burns skin much more easily. Something is very wrong.
Even the once common House Sparrow has disappeared ............. it's beyond me as to why there has not yet been a broad-scale collapse in terrestrial ecosystems. Perhaps when the resilience factor as been exhausted, we'll see these ecological systems collapse or at least become dysfunctional, then I guess, how much people think that their house is worth or how much they have saved up in a pension fund .............. will become completely immaterial.
If America, and China, and Europe can have densely populated centers, with perfectly fed and clothed people, I laugh at this fools notion that we need 5 earths to clothe and feed everyone. Ridiculous. Why not fashion the world after the model that works, where a huge population can grow, reap, and replant/ repopulate species/ use technology to better the planet.  Closing down shop does no good to anyone. It is a futile, godless, hopeless, empty pursuit void of reason, and will simply lead to genocide, cruelty, and inevitable domination by a few super rich elites. Wow. FUN
I’m glad to see your courage in showing this. It’s sad, but true & I don’t think it won’t stop us.
Well, we keep taking, taking, taking without replenishing! Dah! We destroy, destroy, and destroy! We pollute, pollute, and pollute! Where does the Earth's destruction end? When we end!
i reject population control ideology and so should you.
Forget about it!
The forcast in 1970 about population was wrong, the world can sustain 8 billion people and probably more but not if people continue to be wasteful, destructive and selfish.  Change begins with you and me.
True idiots always lie through their teeth.
*There's a mass extinction of common decency*
Oh shutUP
Fear mongering
There use to be a lot of salmon back in the day, and I and my mates used to harvest so much each year. I dont see the same abundance anymore, I wonder what happened? 🙄
Courtesy of Pfizer, Johnson and Johnson...etc, etc...
Amazingly misleading and untrue.
Not true at all.right now you could fit the entire population of the planet just in new York City,all the humans put together are just a dot compared to the earth,we still only explored a micro fraction of the Earth's oceans,just because you don't see something were it used to be, doesn't mean that it's gone life itself has learned to evolve and survive for billions of years and probably will do for billions of years to come.we were never the first beings on this planet and we won't be the last.
All lies
Yea when a super volcano or a meteor hits then talk, loss of water,?
Oh so this is why they are killing off humans..... population control via illness
Ice is expanding, and if we put all people in one county we'd fit in Norway, 70% of all land 😂
Don't worry, there's a mass extinction coming that's mostly gonna affect humans...
99% of all creatures that ever lived are extinct, such BS
And yes that is our future. About 2000 year ago. Humans will be living as survivers in colonies and in shelters.
The West Coast is going to turn into a desert, no matter what...it's inevitable. Just like the Sahara used to be lush green...
Oh, no, it's us regular folks to blame for all of these animals going extinct...yeah, right. More like the unethical poachers and multi-billion dollar companies that take advantage of such unethical poachers...
Keep in mind, this alarmist "Expert" is a proven liar.
Us: Oh, help us Bill Gates, how can we save the world? Gates: Depopulation Us:Oh, great, thank you for saving us...
We are doomed anyways when the sun explodes…
Interesting annuanki came to earth spiced dna made humans in their images and now humans have taken over earth and we are making same mistake here on earth as on nibiru same mistakes annanuki had come to earth to get gold to fix planets atmosphere changes.
earth will cleanse and repeat itself. we're part of the cycle
So if we stop having children we will be extinct so how does that work
Dinosaur lived a billion years
Oh please, 1970
No. It isn’t. No mass extinction. Ridiculous story that is a narrative world leaders are planning to use to enslave people. No climate or natural disasters to worry about.
I live in Florida.  The land is being raped by developers and unwanted peoples moving here.  No habitat for wildlife.
Yes...Elon got this one wrong!!!!
fish farming guys & stop over fishing with nets  might help . climate change is just a funding scam by university's
Over population is the problem? Nature will work that out and is doing so with low sperm counts, shortening lifespans and the poor population management of some countries. Now, what about the insatiable greed at the so-called top? And why aren't these elder ministers of thee-not-me not sacrificing themselves for the good of all mankind?
Native tribes didn't use 5 fishing boats per Native.  We know we need a war or disease to wipe out some of the people here
I remember seeing fire flies every summer.  Now I see none.
Lies from the elite.
At the age of 76 I can attest to witnessing a lot of this decline. In the 'West', all vital areas of 'life-support' including health, security, housing and the general environment have declined dramatically - and this process is accelarating alarmingly! Over population, commercial and political greed and astonishing governmental stupidity have all accelerated this.
he's wrong Stanford that how they get funding the sky is falling .
Anyone with a sound mind knows that an ever growing population is unsustainable for the planet.  Anything "natural" has clear limits to how much a specie can take from its ecosystem and nature has several locks and filters to keep populations under control, except for humans.  Humans have stretched their life spans through modern medicine, bypassing a lot of diseases and injuries that would normaly be conducive to death and we also have a bottomless apetite for pleasure which drives us to consume far more than wr actually need to stay alive.  So we are not only desproportionaly taking resources from the environmen, our procedures also destroy and cripple the environment making it harder for it to replenish itself and at the same time, we keep producing more and more and more humans that will inevitably make things worse. I don't want to sound like a doomer, but our specie is a literal cancer to this planet.   Our only hope is to make generational breakthroughs in science and come up with actually sustainable sources of food and energy that don't need further destruction of the environment.   I fear for the future generations that will have to deal with this challenges.
Y’all still think coronavirus and vaccines wasn’t done on purpose for depopulation ?? Lol.    And don’t just listen to what mainstream media says
Hmm I still have about 20 years before I beat the dust before it reachest a critical point. Sadly the next gen will have to experience the harshness of this dying planet.
The Earth will soon mount a defense against humans. By the time I was born in 1970, it was too late.
The mass fishing may have something to do with fish disappearing
Thank you for this important coverage.
Now we're at nine b  We gonna have to start listening alot more faster Otherwise we all rekt
You definitely didn’t read The Population bomb, because he says some real goofy stuff that he was solid on until it didn’t happen.
The animals are being poisoned, just like the humans. Who wants us all dead?
_"Mankind may have to survive a sixth mass extinction in a world of it's own making."_  No, if any species deserves to go extinct, it should be us. The rest of the Animal Kingdom didn't ask for this. We will have the blood of millions of species on our hands, as well as the blood of billions of our own species. No, if any species needs to be wiped out, we should volunteer ourselves as first in line at the chopping block.   It will take the Earth millions of years to clean up our mess, but she will go on. Whatever that world ends up looking like, it should be free of the species that nearly destroyed it before.   In the film _The Matrix,_ mankind is likened to a virus; we exist to perpetuate ourselves, and to that end we consume everything in our path.
It's all a Fear Scam. Stop reducing Dutch farming. Stop Stanford's Wokists. Stop farming, people starve. Bugs and crickets will not provide nourishment.
We must obligate all humans to take an injection and by random batch some of these injections need to result in myocarditis or sudden adult death syndrome. We can tell everyone that it is a vaccine and then later we can claim that we did not know. The World Econimic Forum actually discussed this in 2018 and there are actual youtube videos on the redacted channel.
when are the crooked politicians' going extinct
Come on now, you pay people not to cut trees, why not pay people in USA not to cut Christmas trees❗😏
Six mass extinctions!?, well looks like the mother earth has it's own killer switch, so why worry about it?
Please do your own research, for integrity of the truth.
Elites are killing the large mass of people
Tell me where do the Children Play 🙄🙉
You know the most heartbreaking thing we're doing right now as a planet is this proxy war, arming Ukraine and making you and them believe that they have a chance to topple the Russian armed forces.  No chance without NATO/US involvement on the ground.  So as we sleepwalk into M.A.D. something that's "real" and had real solutions and still does really but only, just. Before it's too late we really should be doing something that can and WILL preserve humanity and stop imminent disaster and its got F all to do with carbon neutral and so called renewables
He's so right - Earth is going to be just fine for billions of years; it is ourselves that we are endangering.
I think the problem and its solution is very obvious here.
My question could this be all the chem trials the government is spraying and killing bee's,trees and poisoning our water. This is happeniing around the world??? The nano technology?¿?? Everyone should do research on jow the government is causing climste change with greed.
Man needs to tear diwn the empry abandonded. Uildings and convertthose areas back to nature God bless
This  broadcast has to be reported for spreading utterly unscientific fake news.
What „experts“? The earth is experiencing record numbers of wildlife and the plant life around the planet has also reached unprecedented levels, in the last two decades the earth has gotten greener for about 18 percent. There is no mass extinction of any kind, the contrary is true. Record harvests around the globe, record population numbers - the ice bear population alone has tenfold since 1995 from 5 thousand specimen to over 50 thousand. All this alarmism BS is nothing but fake News being spread by the WEF and its useful idiots in the so called climate cult.
Whenever people realize that dying a natural death at whatever age one is at when disease, accident, self-destructive behavior is causing death will be when the population of humans decreases naturally to more sustainable numbers. It is what drives the globalists to believe they have the right to take people’s lives by creating bioweapons like Covid 19, SARS, HIV-AIDS, etc.
What a load of bull dust...
Propaganda
Well, what we know for certain is that in the United States, Republicans most certainly do not care and I am not very confident that most other people are probably not very far behind. The mere fact that SUV, monster trucks, and grossly oversized houses, bulk buying (and wasting) are so popular is proof of this. This is a problem that has no solution other than a lot of species have to die, and a lot of humans have to follow. I believe we were past the tipping point on climate change at least a decade ago...we are now just waiting for the shoe to fall in a way that REALLY hurts and is inescapable. But there is no turning back from this. About the only thing people can do is "pray" they slip off this mortal coil BEFORE things get that bad. But one thing that RESPONSIBLE people WIL NOT be doing is having children. Not only are you making the problem worse, but you are condemning those children to some horrific times. People need to start thinking about that.
Stop setting off nukes and quit burning down the rain forest
Ohhh Be scared.. These shows may have had some credibility years ago. Now it's just a propaganda machine. " THE SKY IS FALLING"......The government releases this trash to think your money that they took from you in the form of a Tax is going to somehow save the planet.
Thats not true.We are not over populated.Nothing will be like it used to.We will be reset by a catastrophic event like the asteroids or ice age even the flood.Next is earthquakes.Back to primitive living and in a thousand yrs when the sun goes out we will all be extinct!
"Loss of water in California"  At least that problem was solved.  If scientists and wealthy donors forbear farmers from growing food, don't wonder why there is starvation.  Further proof George Soros and Bill Gates are trying to control humanity by funding our demise and hard times.  Shame, shame, shame.  People complain that the cities are hot and rainwater has nowhere to go.  Don't blacktop everything.
This is what the government is trying to do is scare the people wake up 🐑
Hmm.. Globalist greed and oligarchy are the extinction tool .
I think pandemics were traditionally nature’s way of trying to get balance back. The earth will find a way to get rid of us eventually.
When Al Gore was born there were 7,000 Polar Bears on earth.  Today there are only 30,000 left.
Humans, the only species proficient at consuming and destroying instead of realizing the opposite way was the way to go.  Go capitalism!!!!
I'm glad the planet will be ok - human beings?  . . . . we get what we deserve...
All foretold in Scripture, and it grows worse and worse to the point God states if He did not intervene, "no flesh would be left alive".
More crazy leftist scaremongering.  The fact that Paul Ehrlich isn't embarassed to show his face - and that CBS is willing to ally with him - shows how the radical left media shamelessly controls the narrative.
Its sad
Lol, the entire human population combune can all fit in Texas. Fear mongering.....that's what this is.
How many species went extinct during the Younger Dryas? How many were left alive in the Northern Hemisphere? And when did this occur? Who is studying the impact? What are their conclusions, if any? How do you explain the massive piles of MegaFauna bones found in the Arctic regions? Answer these few question and maybe you will have an audience! Questionable at best! Wolf has been cried too many times! You are mostly not credible!
so....everyone born after 1970 needs to be gone, according to this?  right, how do we do that?  OK we got a nice little virus, and some jabs too.  Hmm.
I've been saying this and noticing this now more than ever. There are too many people.  Humans are multiplying and living longer. This also explains the homelessness crisis and high cost of living....Too many people !!
the world wildlife fund is nothing to base validity upon..... certainly the mismanagement of federal lands and government over reach of private lands wouldn't contribute to a lack of water in California
No! It is not the human population but mismanagement and abuse of earths natural resources. Massive cutting of trees and other vegetation is the beginning of the cycle of destruction. Trees and vegetation are key to the proper maintenance of the hydrological cycle. The hydrological cycle is key to maintenance of life ( both plants and animals). Humans now have all the knowledge and technology to enable maintenance of nature, but greed won't allow investment in nature.
Read the Bible folks, the end times are here, Jesus will be returning very soon, I believe this is the last generation.
They are creating the problem . And then give us the solution hsha.
Most important video of the year
Such lies, the controllers passing laws,killing chickens and cattle and polluting our skys are causing this
Near the he says something like "Humanity may have to survive a sixth mass extinction..." But the other five predate our species, and humans likely would not have survived any of them had we existed when they occurred. I believe there is still a good chance that some humans will survive this mass extinction, but nowhere near 8 billion. We are setting up our grandchildren & great grandchildren for terrible times when most humans will not be able to survive and at best a small number will enjoy the quality of life that many have become accustomed to during these decades of fossil fuel exploitation.
I want to believe what this video is claiming is true, but I live in California and I've never seen a video showing dead salmon lying on a dry riverbed in California nor any other place on earth.
And it's going to have a domino effect down the road if we don't get in line.
Extinction is not the cause of too many people. To many psychopathic oligarchs ruining the world, by poisoning the skies, water, food .....etc.  They do it silently and secretly they think. But people are waking up to it.
I'm almost done. I feel sorry for the children.
But trump said deregulate...
Chemicals are the problem, listen,
Propaganda
Stop poisoning us and the planet and things would be fine.
Misinformation
Oh, the Elite is doing all it can to depopulate the peasantry…
The Erlichs and Gores and Manns of the world are being proven wrong day after day after day, as all of their prophecies over the last fifty years continue to fail to come true.
Lets het it over with already.
Not true! All lies! It's Global Cooling!  Do some research! Too much consumption by the Corporate criminals!  We have plenty of land; it's just the Liberals who WANT 5 million of us to die!   It's all planned programming to convince us!
ah yes, by the year 2001 we'll be under the sea and there will not be enough food for all of us. Younglings: they say this every 10 years to scare you into their get-rich schemes. It's how religions start, a practice as old as humanity itself.
So sad and it feels like our own governments are in our way to be able to fix this. Legislation is needed yet nothing.
Self-righteous 90 yo Ehrlich should be glad not everyone lives to 90.
Well if it happened 5 times before it’s probably gonna happen again.  And if everything is just a result of a big bing in space nothing matters anyway! So party on baby!
NONSENSE.
Not enough room for the super rich and their treasures..
100 years from now who the heck cares ,
basically the story of the matrix it wasn't just a movie is was a documentary of sorts.
89% of the Worlds Population are literally Parasites onto this Earth and Humans. Look around, be honest. ALL of the Worlds "Problems' are created by a Few countries. While the vast majority of the worlds population that contribute nothing to this world, except use up resources and keep those countries that cause all of the Worlds problems in Power.      A Few White Countries are the Source of ALL the Problems in the World. And its the Black, Brown and Yellow countries that Keep those White countries in Power.     "White" Supremacy was actually Created by Yellow, Black and Brown. There was no Slavery or Colonialism.  If looked closely, "White' are actually the Slaves, Colonies of Black, Brown and Yellow.
6,706,275 people have died so far from the coronavirus COVID-19 outbreak as of January 06, 2023
Mass extinction brought to you by the New World Order. The governments are in on it. The heads of religions. Better turn to the only 1 for Humanity JESUS CHRIST HE is the truth and in HIM is no lie HE says "call unto me and I will answer you...." HE will and then you will know immediately who HE is. Don't believe it you will when HE answers you.
Complete propaganda nonsense - as expected from 60 Minutes.
Bwahahahaha
Sure hope the scientist are the 7th.
3:49 Damn, I can only hope to look as good as this dude at NINETY YEARS OLD. And he has all of his marbles. Is he a wizard?
The show UTOPIA isn’t looking too bad right about now.
On population: 60 minutes should really start grappling with the issue that may define my children's life...how to keep enough people on the planet.  Ironically, the data shows that the world is actually at risk of  a population collapse because people are just not having kids that much anymore.  This may actually be a bigger challenge than the population "bomb" that never was. Who's gonna keep the lights on and take care of the old folks?
It's also a reason why abortions are a good thing
Sads
I'm all for conservation. I love nature. But I think we need to demand facts based  on a pro-human perspective… not  naturalism-centric dogmatism and emotionalism masquerading as science. The positive story not told here is that energy-rich developed nations have been steadily improving their conservation of nature... Reforestation has increased significantly in Noth America and Europe in the last 100 years.  This is because we can do more with less space and because we have had innovation and the abundance of reliable energy and yes, fossil fuels.  Fossil fuels have the unwelcome side effect of CO2, but they have  provided fertilizer to feed the world, and let us keep from freezing to death without burning massive amounts coal or trees/firewood.  Germany and Europe has lost their supply of Russian gas...a lot more trees getting cut down over there now to stay warm.  Keep human flourishing as the ultimate metric and give us the pros and cons of the options please!
Look up cloud seeding. Look up carbon atmospheric scrubbers. They already have the solution so now they are generating the problems.
And people say revelations isn't real/true
I was 10 in 1970 I used to watch National Geographic at my Grandparents house there were animals aplenty back then… not now it’s sickening
We are an advanced plague.
Idiots need to stop breeding.  It's so damn hard to do anyway.  People need to find new purpose.
Yeah humans are smart aren’t they😢😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡
Makes me angry ...we are scaring our kids and giving them anxiety and depression problems about this and other so-called  "existential threats". Maybe they call it 60 minutes because that's the amount of time they did researching a complex issue. Doing my own fact checking here as the "experts" gave opinions and data with little context and there was no counterpoint.  Problematic that they used Paul Ehrlich as an "expert" who was wrong in '68 about the population bomb and seems to stand still by the malthusian and catastopist dogma of that book even though history has largely proved it wrong and the earth and nature and humans are far far more resilient than he will admit.
I'm amazed that this propaganda outlet had on an "expert" who has been wrong 100% of the time, and they still take him seriously.  This man has been wrong about every prediction he's ever made. What a clown show 60 minutes has become.
So how did humans cause the first five? Oh wait they didn't 🤣🤣🤣
Wonder if the aluminum oxcide they spray in the atmosphere to block the sun as to cool the earth has anything to do with this aluminum oxide is very toxic
We need to do more.  The planet is in trouble. We see it as we travel the world and do YouTube videos on outdoor adventures.  It is sad.
Where is the world finally going to???
This is half the reason I decided I didn't want children. I am 30 years old. I can't imagine how the world is going to be when they get to be my age. I know every generation says that, but I think this time we did it for ourselves for good. By the time is gets fixed it will be too late and we will just be managing what we are left.
She fighting for her True Rulers. The Solution is The Most High’s Solution. Rid The Earth of The Evil One’s. Tick Tock!!!
Take all the damn money in the world and throw it in the trash 🗑️ Then problem solved. Then alot of the consuming will stop ...
Man is a producer, innovator, manager; man brings life. Man should not be thought of as a consumer who destroys the living system. Man enhances and improves.
Blah blah blah they've been saying this for 60 years and they're all for 41 41 times they said the Earth is going to end the destruction nothing happens get a clue it's all about the money follow the money
This is total HS. Past mass extinction were caused by literal shifts in the orbits of planets and massive electromagnetic emissions between cathodes (planets, asteroids, comets, etc.) and anodes (stars, meaning mainly the Sun). There is nothing like that going on today. This is just hyperbolic political/ideological drama.
60 Seconds in and I Predict that their Solution is Less Humans, but I'll give the Video the Benefit of a Doubt.  ...Nope, same Propaganda
LOL. Good!!!
These same people have been wrong for the past 5 decades. #wrongagain
Wow it's so sad 😞 😔 😟 there are so many who say they don't believe in climate change 😢 still .
Consumerism is killing the planet..
This is all  rubbish.  The earth is a lot bigger than we know and it's been proven that you can easily fit 100 billion people on earth most in Texas and other places like that.  This is propaganda for the New World Order just look at the code words "6" ELE it's all satanic my friend.
Baloney. Just more paranoia rhetoric to instill fear in order to control.
watching this before bed….was a big mistake
Im sorry  to  say this but  humans are the  ones who  need to  go extinct.WE ARE THE PROBLEM!!!  The animals  have been  here way longer than  humans.
Everyone that is  saying this, is driving cars, building houses, using computers, being consumers so they do not believe what they are saying. The way they live is proof. The native Americans is the only way to live in peace with earth, if you're not doing that then keep you mouth shut.
Earth is only 5500 to 6000 years old biblically speaking which is the truth
I think it needs more scrutiny, I 🤔 we should have historical details surrounding his past? Maybe we've missed something and a bit of dredging up of his past will help.
If it repeats every once in a while, it's a natural process, so why bother about it? It's gonna happen, humans are not the ones to decide
Blame Monsanto, Big Oil, The American Military Industrial complex & other greedy corporations. Don’t forget the hedonistic rich.  THEY are destroying the planet because they own/buy  the US government thanks to the Supreme Court!
THIS IS NOTHING COMPARED TO THE 666 NWO GREAT RESET THAT IS HERE!!! WAIT UNTIL THE ANTICHRIST IS REVEALED!!!! THIS IS ALL BY DESIGN AND WE ARE LIVING IN THE END DAYS!!! 2023-2030 WILL BE THE 7 YEAR TRIBULATION PERIOD FACT!!! WE ARE MADE IN THE CREATOR IMAGE AND HE IS NOT HAPPY WITH MANKIND PRIDE AND WILL NOT REPENT FROM OUR WICKED WAYS!!! GOD HAVE MERCY ON US ALL!!!
Elon musk says we're under populated so who's telling the truth?
I think that we're in a mass extinction event is absolutely absurd! Wow they're really trying to sell this to the people of the world aren't they LOL
I haven’t seen a bee in so long, although I did used to live in more rural area.
Waste Waste and Waste. It makes me sick. The people that absolutely do not care. I can't believe it . This does not have to be.
And no more oil, Florida will be under water, polar bears are gone..No more food. Civil war in the streets. Blah. Blah
What BS 😂
yeah but Alaska
In my time I can remember many time we where headed for mass extinction from earth quakes to storms to nuks and wars themselves but we are still here the world will change and man will have an impact but life will go on one way or another a good place to start is turn off the tv and social media
If you keep quoting the same scientists  You will get the same problems,  94% %  May I mention Costa Rica, Not Mexico or Guatemala or Nicaragua !!! Yes we have a problem but it`s not what it seems, DO YOUR OWN homework
Mass extinction of animals in world causes viruses from animals migrating to humans as host.  This is a main concern for the world today to face even more pandemic of virus infections in future.
God has removed his grace from the usa
Time for humans to go. Can't wait! Animal planet only!
Don't believe commy minutes
Ask the CCP where all the fish went.
Scientists blaming humanity…. Scientists ignoring science…  Definitely in a extinction level event….  What’s the point… 😒 I could tell you why, what, and how… not like anyone would listen…
Dude, in the 70's on the family Grady White fishing with 11- 14 people we'd leave dock at 6a.m. be back at 4 or 5 p.m. with well over 400 fish. Huge floormat Flounder or Fluke, huge Weakies  or Sea Trout, Black Bass, Porgies, Blues, etc.! After dinner we'd clean fish for a few hours with 5 or 6 that were able and didn't chop up a fillet! Flounder and Weakies are now so small because they're never allowed to grow by "legal trawlers" that have raped the fishing for us and commercially! When so much goes to waste! I understand the cost of running a trawler but going from catching  Weakies 3 plus feet long to going out on a party boat in the mid 90's where the legal limit was hard to catch and was only a few inches over 12" is all on what local and federal governments allowed trawlers to do destroying fishing almost.  Now they go for lesser wanted fish that are still large.
"Consulting on cannabis farms." The last limb to saw. 100 times faster. Harvesting hemped-up humanity with a chain saw. We monetized the rope we're hanging by. Trusting the $ to redeem us from extinction is a bad trip habit. Stack up some $$$, and the cartels follow as the night the day. Capital is eventually linked to punishment.
While this is a global problem as for America we can do something, severely limit immigration. All of America's pop growth is from immigration. The Biden administration is growing America's pop like a third world country with no birth control. 2+ million acres yearly is paved over for our growing pop, under Biden that will increase if the millions immigrating are to have housing etc. We would do well to heed the words of Professor Bartlett, "You cannot have continued growth in pop and you cannot have continued growth in the consumption of resources." 2023 America has both.
I blame Asia. Way too many people there.
About time they told part of the truth but still the Earth is a machine and lying to people won't help because they can't leave this place and that's a fact.
I've shared this for others to see. GOD provided us with what we needed to live in harmony with nature; but man knew better and has overly consumed it. I'm afraid it's too late. You can't reproduce the artic caps. History and time created those. So sad.
Eat the rich... Y'all think that's a joke? No.
Such a lie.
Consume, consume, consume.  Fast food, fast clothing, fast cars, fast phones, fast video games, fast and faster, new and newer all the time.  Let's produce lots and lots of fake industrial vegetable oils, fake industrial meat,  plastic everything. Who wants to use natural and renewable resources anymore? aren't there any sheep for wool, cotton plants for cotton material, silk worms for silk, flax plants for linen, trees for building houses? What has happened to the farmer, and rancher who produced these resources?  This sounds simplistic, but consider what the world would be like if we were not such a wasteful, throw away society.        And who repairs or  recycles anything in American, or for that matter, can anything even be repaired or is it all just part of the planned obsolescence scheme of manufacturers?        Big factories, Big waste,  Big toxin producers, Big abusers of employees, Huge consumers of resources like water and land.. Who invests in these ugly business? Who is buying the stocks, who is getting wealthy by all of the buying and selling? No one wants to keep a refrigerator  or a car for more than 3 years .... we have been enticed by big business to envy and consume and shop, shop shop til we drop. President Bush said after 9/11 that the best thing we could do for our country was not to mourn for the living and the dead, comforting one another through our shock and grief, but to " Go Shopping".  What an ignorant, evil thing to say;  I regret voting for him. The planet isn't really overpopulated, It is just overpopulated by his philosophy.
Well, the answer is obvious - half the planet's population has to go.  Covid might have helped us out, but we got in our own way. ;)
Biden taking down US borders is destroying the ecology of the US
So sad how that fisherman speaks with tears in his eyes how the human race is killing  the planet worse all politicians are doing is filling their pockets
Complete BS.
We fell in love with Mad Max.. The Road.. Fallout.. maybe because somewhere deep inside, we know that's whats coming..   Because a bunch of investors wanted bigger numbers on a "leaderboard".   What a way to go.
I gotta feeling there will be a lot less people in a few  years
Never...another fear monger. Yahweh Elohim would never have caused so many babies to be born to have them starve. They cause fear by pointing out a problem that doesn't exist so they can convence everyone to buy into their game plan so people agree with what must be done. They want everyone in smart city high rises, digital currency, eating lab grown meat with insect desert, drink treated water, be medically treated by their doctors, have universal income, take away our guns and everyone up to date on jabbbs.
Sure sounds like we need to start eliminating some of these extra mouths to feed, to me I'd rather have 1 bee than 10 people
God provides for all his creation. This earth has resources enough for all of us. We are just living beyond our means due to our greed, this is the only reason why this "population crises" is even a problem.
SORRY, I HAVE BEEN SAYING SINCE, 1970, TOO MANY HUMAN BEINGS.  IT IS NOT CARBON, IT IS OVER POPULATION.  CARBON IS A MODERN WORLD BIPRODUCT, OF HUMANS USING FOSSIL FUELS, TO GAIN A BETTER LIFE.  DENY ANY HUMAN A BETTER LIFE?  WHAT GIVES YOU THAT RIGHT?  THE RICH ELITES, ARE FINE DOING THAT.
Bull $#it. There is so much unused resources on this planet. We have the ability to do some pretty miraculous things when we put our minds to it. It's called adapt and overcome.
Way too many people  for Earth to sustain and there are those who choose to continue having large families baby after baby born. While others may have one or two kids or none at all. Many of the population don't think ahead about sustainability for humanity and plant and animal life. Mass fishing was only a matter of time before they see the damage from doing. I understand for many Indigenous peoples it's so they can eat and survive but commercial fishing changed alot for all plants, marine life, other animals eating that food group. But extinction has alot of contributing factors and the main is overpopulation and not seeing overpopulating slow down anytime soon. The majority of people won't understand this until planet Earth is completely unlivable.
All sea foods are contaminated with hybridized petroleum toxic's, I had salmon from AK. toxic, I had fish from Outter banks also toxic. Not so smart lazy sapien sapiens use all lakes, rivers & Oceans as a toilet. All of our foods & drinks are contaminated with hybridized petroleum toxins, even supposed Organic foods, corruption committee's have allowed petroleum toxins & still say Organic, when they should be banned from the use of the word.
I’m doing my part 38 yrs old with no kids n from the looks of it dieing alone lol
🙏🏽
We are experiencing a mass dying of the planet because of all the chemicals they’re spraying in the air and putting into the oceans and soil. All species are suffering. Oh and there’s plenty of evidence. Just look up Dane Wiggington. He’s been researching, testing and trying to speak up for 30 years.
Nature under threat
Going vegan is the best thing we can do when it is the most ruinous to emissions, water, land, and chemicals. 1/2 of water goes to CA animal ag. Sign the plant based treaty and work to stop subsidies to animal ag meat and dairy.
More science. We’ve heard scientists and they lie on behalf of politics and their own agendas. We aren’t permitted to hear truth.
There are far to many people on this planet.
B.S.  all propaganda,  the earth has cycles just like all living things. Imagine we humans as lice on a host. Ot gets too much mother earth will remedy it.
..and now it's too late. No longer can we reverse Global warming!
I can’t figure out how the population has grown so much when third world children die of starvation and disease, and first world countries are only having having enough children to replace themselves. Further, there are millions of trees being planted annually now—far more than cut down. With war, disease, violence, suicide—seriously, how is the population growing so fast? And why does the government continue to pay farmers and ranchers not to plant crops or grow their herds? This sounds like “experts” who spin statistics to spin doom and gloom. The drought is causing salmon death. Fly over Northern California into Oregon—there are millions and millions of acres of the most beautiful forests in the world. These percentages just don’t reflect reality.
Just a big push to cull the human population and bring in climate lock downs
Most of the human race is the disease the plague of this world!  Truth!!!
Paul Elrlich has been wrong about so many things. He has shown that he has a pessimistic view and seems to be looking reasons to blame humans.  He has an anti-human bias
Billionaire greed is also our downfall. They are the actual legislators creating policy.
94% of wildlife in Latin America is no longer there? Is that what he just said?
Paul E. Has never been right about anything he has said in his life
Why do we see massive little inhabited landscapes when flying across the county and world??
Unlimited growth on a finite planet is insanity.
Or we can realize that Capitalism is the problem.
Now Biden and Harris will be indicted for election fraud. Heeeez Baaaack..... Sly devil ☆ they were no match ~
In other words, humans cannot sustain the behaviour of Americans; this was largely covered up here.  Most act recklessly since the biggest oil company's strategy to dis-inform them has hugely successful and they destroyed their environment unknowingly and continue to do so.
Would not going Veggie and Organic cure most of this?     Cuts Corporate Ag way down due to the lower food (corporate farm feed animals) loads, stops chemical ag pollution and poisoning, and stops over-fishing.
The human race will get what it deserves. Unfortunately the innocent life forms will suffer the same fate
Propaganda garbage... they have been preparing us for... 70percent of US is empty no man land.
In less than 150 years the cacazoid cacaswinelia have destroyed our planet.
Maybe we should ditch the system that relies on infinite growth.
"News"
soLution  "MALE BIRTHCONTROL"
Omg… stop with the fear mongering. We are fine. The only people who want depopulation are the BILLIONAIRES… it’s so obvious and sad that they scoop up regular people to regurgitate their agenda. Smh. Think for yourself. Every single “climate” emergency they said has not come. The sea levels. Global warming.. now climate change and population. It’s all a scam. Go live your lives!
So sad! We will desteoy ourselves!
I hope i live long enough to see the collapse   its coming
There’s nothing to worry about, there’s about to be a nuclear war that will solve their population problem, and really unless you believe in God You should embrace the extinction so earth can evolve again right?
Why does the government want more babies then?
Called v syndrome
That's what the central bankers have been planning for a while and are implementing, starting now. So you the viewer must DIE, while the ultra rich consume in a year 100x as much commodities and energy as you will in a lifetime and tell you to turn off your 100 watt lightbulb that's keeping your room warm. You WILL die so they can be rich and play on their ill gotten unpolluted land. You yourself ARE pollution and so are your children. You are a pleb. We at 60 Minutes know that you are - and that you will be willing to die so the elitists can enjoy their untold riches.
And now, they introduced Frankenstein Salmon that eat the other Salmon. Way to go!
So cut religion and get with reality……..
Golfers
God never gave a a set amount of how many people can live on earth. It’s a corrupt devil worshippers. Make a law against food wasters to fix the food issue🤤
All of these lies just to sell a book.
Stephen Hawking:  "it's not clear if intelligence has any survival value"  - not on this planet
Well God say to reproduce! It greed that has destroyed nature
So who has to die?
Yea and with  vaccines you won’t catch COVID 😬🤣👍🏽😅😆😂🤤🤭
Don't worry fellow humans The Liberal World order is enacting policies to starve off a few Billion poor people. Demographics will reduce the rich Westerners by a few billion also. The worlds human count will half in 50 years. All we have to do is not let Joe Biden force Russia into a nuclear war and the math will work out in the future.
🤣
uhm no... this just ain't true. putting on a suit doesn't make a difference.
I support Kanye and Charleston White and Kyrie Irvin and Candace Owens and MAGA
Who got the Kool-Aid?
What percentage of land in the world IS NOT owned by governments that can be used...thise percent taxes ARE NOT INCLUDED...
Dinosaurs are really the draconians and they were swipe out. Because they where obsessed and  possessed on ruling over everything living air  , land , and water. You can see the reminisce of their present on this planet . Hidden 💎 extinction is a of earth's cleansing  . Earth it's self is a living breathing  organism . It controls your moods,attitude and inspiration . ✨️
Hey Mr. Liberal whacko! Fly over any country. There's vast expanses of land EVERYWHERE! Get off the internet, videa games, hollyweird, and pop culture. Go out and get your hands dirty. Work the land. Build something. Plant something. Raise some livestock on some land. We're nowhere near overpopulated. Thats leftist bullsh*t! Stop poisoning the earth from planes spraying tiny pieces of aluminium, strontium, and barium EVERYWHERE. Stop lying to all of us. Get rid of hollyweird movies and tv industry. Get rid of 95% of our politicians in D.C. Do most of these things and life WILL get better for humans. Also, stop watching MSM. CBS, NBC, ABC, CNN, MSNBC, FOX, they're are ALL liars. Turn them OFF!
FAKE NEWS!
Yeah the extinction thy are causing. It's called genocide
They want to cap the world population at 8 billion, so things are probably going to get very interesting. "C" was a test in some kind of way in my humble opinion.  I think we should be expecting something big to happen within the next decade; Maybe a nuclear war? They seem to be pushing for one at this very moment. A two for one kinda deal; (1)population reduction and (2) lots of money made for the elite because of the war. War is profit. In the book "1984" remember,  "War Is Peace". In their sick minds they will be keeping the peace; That is, that their peace want be infringed upon.
Yep, the wind+solar zelotes (Sierra Club,...) hate the natural wilderness. It doesn't seem that they will ever stop advocating the destruction of the natural wilderness.
I did not watch this but I hear this article was inaccurate.
It's for the best.
Just one big lie!!!You can fit all of the world's human population in the state of Texas alone.
The Magnetic Poles Are More Than 1,500 to 2,000 Miles Away from 10 years Ago, Farming Needs to Return to No Till Organic
Lies and propaganda. These were the same people who said that we were going into the next ice age back in the 70's. This is nothing more than the globalist agenda to depopulation and control
Shocking, revolting, heartbreaking.
Try this to improve the waters and make your fish happier. I wonder if the Bay Leaf may be helpful for your situation. Bay Leaf (Laurus Nobilis) will cell cycle arrest all germs; just crunch up a bushel of bay leaves and put them in net bags with rocks to go to the bottom and precipitate out germs, as long as a piece of this exists it will signal to germs, "don't start" imo. The death by covid in the MEDITERRANEAN Basin is .005 about. Shrubs of Bay leaves will give off leaves to fall into the water, volatile oils will clean the air. Plant them by the bays or inland by streams, rivers that lead to the bays. Human consumption should be 1/16th of a sq inch <>and eventually the germs in the bladder will be all gone. And this helps the bay too. Boil water with one crunched up sit for 10minutes before use, and the stains on linoleum lift almost immediately. Put a tiny piece in the cat's water to keep it fresher longer, put a crunched up one in the washer when you do the socks. Bay leaf is a Sirtuin 2; there's 7 types of Sirtuins and they all lodge in the brain and "constantly" go in and out the nucleus of the cell to correct damaged DNA. It's an amazing spice and I encourage all to help bring to cultural application the study of plants from NIH's Pub Med NCBI. Resveratrol does that the best, imo, because it lodges in 29 places of the brain.
Too many ppl in the cities. Yet they try stop us from moving away growing our own food. They just evil and ruined the world. They polluted it with their factories not us and they're king everyone cus they rich and can. Birth rates on declines so wtf they mean. Who put psychos in charge? That why world in shambles. A man think he owns water. Death is better than living among beast and monster who refuse to let others just live they made basic life necessities unaffordable.
I despise people who litter!! Companies who   POLLUTE our waters!  Pollute our air!! Top 3 . God bless all
Thomas Malthus couldn't predict the Industrial Revolution in his "Malthusim trap" theory,  but the consumption of natural resources runs parallel with his theory.
Free roaming energy will is destroying the natural infrastructure that is essential for civilization to continue 😭🤣😵🤪😫😅😜😁☀️🌡️🔥🐵🌚🤠🇺🇲🐷🐺☠️💀⚰️. The end is already apparent, bye bye US bye bye Northern Hemisphere, bye bye everyone else ee33 energy is everything, if we pump vast amounts of energy into our local environment then we will all die very soon
After what I have seen them do, why should I believe anything that 60 minutes says?  Yes, numbers don't lie and liars lie with numbers.
It's amazing how we humans are killing the planet and Republicans are like ooooh no God got this WTF.
Paul Ehrlich wrote The Population Bomb in 1968. In it, he wrote that it was all over. He said millions would starve to death in the US by 1985, that the UK would collapse due to hunger.   In 1980, he made a bet with Dr. Julian Simon that the prices of chromium, tungsten, tin, nickel, and copper would rise over ten years. He was arguing for the impending scarcity of natural resources and raw materials. The prices of all five materials declined. Simon won the bet.  Paul Ehrlich has been wrong with his predictions for over 50 years. It is ridiculous for 60 Minutes to give this fraud any air time.
Isn’t an exact number
Hahaha. More like I’d say 3 billion, 500 million total ppl. I find it funny how the number is EXACTLY 8 billion. That is kind of fishy. Why not an extra 100 or an extra 1007 or something like that so even if it’s rounded that is  tan exact number.
Maybe COVID was a good thing.
What a load of bologna bahahahahahahaha!!!!!!! We aren't overpopulated people, that's the narrative they want you to believe. We need to change the way these corporations do business, their means of production and manufacturing is a toxic game and nobody is talking about it. Instead they wanna pedal how it's us, how it's our fault. Narcissism
Count the individuals in your families that were born out of wedlock. God's word is protection from every ill known to man.
The planet will be fine, man's systems will not. So biblical you can't make it up lol.
The question is how are these folks living.  Could they be living according to their fears?
The answer within the first 5 minutes: "your lifestyle my lifestyle" lol.
Lies
You will own nothing and be happy. Just remember suckers.
In Europe we call it DEPOPULATION. The rest of the bla bla is just business. Like politics, war, religion,... covid.  ; )
So the world needed a medicine like COVID-19 to reduce everything right?
This is it!
Depopulation is YOUR agenda. Y'all need to wake up and stop believing this BS!!!
The impacts of 3 billion people too many and fossil fuel use, 3rd world leaking of chlorinated and fluoridated refrigerants into atmosphere and excessive use of urea and nitrogen fertilizer use destroying ecosystems.
It's part of your plan 60 minutes. Pretend like you don't shill for the World Economic Forum.
I hope that indigenous guy knows that he's part of the problem. Only a small part, perhaps, as we all are, but still a part. And those 8 billion small, and big parts all add up to a disaster for a grand part of the other species that exist on this planet. We need much much more than veganism to save the natural world from humanity.
Well, the "elite" are doing their part, of that's what you like to call it, with the vaccine. They've mercilessly slaughtered millions and have stumped new births by as much as 50%. More like 70% in places like Australia. They did so because of stories like this.
Wrong about famine, or has it just not happened yet? Any one remember the dust bowl? Big part of  what caused that was droughts. Awful lot of droughts lately.
There are extinctions. But we r very underpopulated...what we do is overdoing everything ..we wasted too many natural resources...
The fall off man
Our population is sustainable, we just need to continue innovating
I've reposted widely and would like to encourage other to do the same on social media. That this is 60 Minutes, means it is more likely to sink in with the Center in the US and that is who needs to be persuaded to take action and to take action YESTERDAY!
It's not global warming it's the sun this controlled network pushing NWO bs
The lose of water if from ypu and other states claiming water rights sad
"Just inject rubber cement in everybody's arteries and we can save the planet". He said sarcastically.
This is where the loony tunes hang out.
How about those who've died, in wars, in calamities, etc. did you count or subtracted of those counts that youve population mentioned?
This is the same guy who said in the 60s that hundreds of millions would die in mass starvations in the 1970s. Total BS.
Solution was Covid vaccines…..
Paul Erlich is brilliant & he has been proven correct for the most part.
The only mass extinction we need to be concerned about is the mass extinction of the human race. That will result from this alarmisim.
Great news
Fake news  REPENT AND BELIEVE IN JESUS CHRIST FOR THE REMISSION OF YOUR SINS
You can find tens of thousands of scientists that will say we are not in a extinction crisis
And yet you find rabid, crazy people who write columns encouraging people to have more children  to grow the economy and people like Elon Musk who are scared that Humanity might go extinct due to the falling birth rate.
This is so depressing. We have a choice to make every day, and we choose to wreck everything. We can still salvage what we have, but we won't. We would have to turn into a resource-based economy and be socialist, and I don't think that would happen soon enough. We prioritize monopoly money for business over life. Those animals are earthlings and deserve to live and roam freely.
Earl Lick, lol, should be ashamed to ever show his face in public after so many failed predictions, which were the only bombs. 💣
This is dumb, a few changes would fix all of this, this doesn't have anything to do with over population. This has to do with big companies getting away with everything, and poor leadership.  We tried to tell them a better way to rebuild the fish populations, but they wanted to do the one that gave them more money in their pocket and dosen't help the fish.
If people would stop living on their backs...
The people who tells us to stop traveling, eating meat, heating our homes, etc, are the people who fly private jets, over consume everything, own multiple large homes. Why?  They want you to own nothing so they can own everything. Modern philanthropy is just an investment firm in a cloak... As long as they refuse to walk the talk we shall too. Earth will always survive.
As long as corporations rule there will be no change. Until there is no more water and no more nature, will we learn money doesn’t give life.
I remember lots of bugs on my windshield while night driving. Not so much now.
3:20!!!! Age 90!   I'll have what he's haveing.
Don’t believe a word it’s all bull crap
🐺This episode of 60 Minutes has been brought to you in part by Klaus Schwab and the World Economic Forum (WEF), the World Health Organization (WHO), Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation, Pfizer, Moderna, Johnson and Johnson, Merck, The Council of Foreign Relations (CFR), The Club of Rome, the Bilderberg Group, BlackRock, Vanguard and State Street Corporation. I would like to personally thank CBC News Productions and the executive producer, Bill Owens, for this fascinating documentary (psychological operation) for  the masses to help fast track Agenda 2030; a Utopian George Orwell’s “1984” vision shared by the WEF “where you will own nothing, and be happy!” Well done!👏🏻👏🏻👏🏻
No dislike ?
THIS is total bs this whole video was debunked
Okay, everyone who owns several homes, raise your hand and say, "I'm part of the problem.". Like Obama, Trump, probably most 60 Minutes hosts ...  You have the Right to own multiple homes, but acknowledge it.
Yeah, read a book about this almost  20 years ago ...60minutes right on it quick  .. 😂
Gotta laugh at all the comments blaming "White Man" when everyone knows there are 2 Billion Chinese, 1 Billion Indians, 1 Billion Arabs and 1 Billion Spanish people.
Take take take white man's philosophy. Native man -take some leave some . The world is only 6000 years. They can't even measure that far. If it was true where are all of the remains. The dinosaurs were wiped out in the flood. The evidence is all around us.
Albert A. Bartlett, professor emeritus of physics at the University of Colorado at Boulder said: "The greatest shortcoming of the human race is our inability to understand the exponential function." He regarded the word combination "sustainable growth" as an oxymoron.  Noam Chomsky of MIT and University of Arizona said: "Getting control of heating of the environment has to be done within the next couple of decades. If we don't take control of environmental destruction in the next decade or two we're finished. It's that simple. We're going to reach tipping points from which there's no return." I agree with Paul Ehrlich. There will NEVER be political will to change.
There is no solution. We have damaged the global eco system. The animals just get out of the way of Fukushima and Ukraine. The insects can grow their own dam food! Who needs ants anyway? A billion cows?
Fundamental paleontology teachings point out that first we do not know how many species exist.  Second, statical models indicate the natural progression will decrease the number of species.  Data exhibits the opposite.  Species are increasing.
I get it but whats the solution? I hear this over and over but a solution is never proposed. Honestly what can you do? Start offing large sections of the population?
Went from fish galore to no fish could it be the cause of Chinas nuclear waste washing over too
It's hard to know what to believe anymore. The worldwide drought has a lot to do with a lot of things! It takes us beyond what the projected headcount is on the planet! Their fear-mongering us about overpopulation and downplaying all the sudden deaths in the last 2 plus years.
Hideo Kojima nailed it
Greedy corporations are over fishing. China is over fishing.
Bring water from the artic and water the land.
Humans weren't ready for this beautiful planet. We are all the problem & We just don't deserve it.
Look into thirsty cement to reduce sand mining saving ecosystems. Thirsty cement will also reduce flooding and increase groundwater aquifer and soil levels.
Ah. Scientists. Well that's me convinced. Not the same ones that predicted another ice age by 2010, then?
We deserve anything we have coming
And they say abortions are wrong.
It is in Gods hands leave it alone.
It’s amazing how many people still think climate change is propaganda. Are you all blind? Open your eyes it’s clear as day as where we’re heading. Abrupt climate change is just getting started. Water shortages and crop failures are on the rise, methane levels are starting to go vertical and the arctic ice is almost gone.
أَلَمْ نَجْعَلِ الأرْضَ كِفَاتًا أَحْيَاءً وَأَمْوَاتًا Research about these 2 ayah and try to be open minded.   This world is enough for all of us, dead or a life.  Don’t worry overpopulation isn’t killing the world, it’s unfairness that’s killing all living things.
Humans won't change and the quicker we all become extinct the better.
I live down south , all the fire flies have disappeared I remember being a kid , excited for night time just to see the fire flies light up but now they’re all gone nowhere to be found
They found tons of aluminum from chemtrails on insects and birds wake tf up
It's end time sign Therefore shall the land mourn, and every one that dwelleth therein shall languish, with the beasts of the field, and with the fowls of heaven; yea, the fishes of the sea also shall be taken away. - Hosea 4:3
The number one reason for "genetically enhanced" fruits or vegies is so the plant can withstand the new "pesticide" being used today by companies like Monsanto. The number one producer of pesticides that plants need modification (GMO) to withstand and not die upon application of the pesticide. But it's safe for human consumption. Monsanto says it is, so it must be safe, right?
“While Earth has previously been able to recover from these events, the majority of life that exists on the planet at the time has not.” Earth was never INFESTED before with EIGHT BILLION HUMANS, which believe human life ALONE has “supreme” value, while sentient nonhuman life is devoid of inherent worth and dignity! For example: Victoria approves cull of 50,000 more kangaroos than last year…. It recommends the number of grey kangaroos culled for harvesting of their meat increase to 166,730 for 2023, up 30% from last year. Eight billion humans will devour every last animal on the planet before humanity implodes.
I really don't feel there are too many people I think things are just mismanaged and wasted.  For instance how much food in a day is wasted? Look at the dumps and how overloaded they are with stuff. Its a disgrace. I think we are being pushed into a time where we will be forced to conserve and be more conscious of what we acquire. The upcoming floods and fires all over will cause food shortages and then we will be more aware of how messed up things have become. I for one have been learning the natural ways of gardening for the past 2 years, I am now growing some of my own vegetables without the pesticides and artificial fertilizers. I think this may be what it will come down to. Think about it.
I'm 70, and I'm appalled at what humans have done in my lifetime! We're like a virus on the earth, and we're making our planet very, very ill. I learned about climate change in the late '60s, and I've been opposing fossil fuels ever since. I was taught that if we allowed our oceans to warm up enough, huge stores of methane hydrate would melt, and release tons of methane into our atmosphere, and that would be when we're no longer able to stop global warming. It's too late. We passed that tipping point 10 years ago.  When Jimmy Carter was president, he installed solar panels on the white house. Like a good republiclown, Reagan had them removed. Why? Who knows....   We are making ourselves an extinct species. Mother Nature is stronger than all the fossil fuel companies combined. The Native Americans  called our future "The Great Purification". They're right. We are wiping out our own species, and turning earth into a desert. No food can grow in the deserts we're creating. We're doomed, and have only ourselves to blame.
I totally agree. The species is Ukrainians.
We are killing ourselves, not the planet. Over population isn't the problem. Unbelievable greed, unimaginable waste and refusal to share resources might be where to start . . .
Wondering outta all these comments, how many ppl actually know what is really going on here?  Or do they instead jump into the guilt trap and think its them, because the TV told them that?
Elon says we need more people.
Sheep
Still reached 8 billion. And all during covid, Hmm 🤔
I realize I sound like an idiot here but................ Back in the day I believed everything 60 minutes said like it was the Bible.    Now, I take everything they produce with a grain of salt. Seems about half of everything they say is an untruth.   Jus' Say'n
If you want to control ignorant peasants, invent a crisis. Out of fear, they'll give you power over their lives.
The earth is still growing so why are you spreading lies we will never out populate the earth the worlds population can fit in Texas
I've always wanted to know. Why can't we go live on another planet? Why do they exist if we can't get there?
I guess 60 minutes didn’t see “Don’t look up”. On the good side the extinction is going to bring us jobs!😹
Yet they breed, and keep spawning kids that respect nothing and expect everything, go figure..
Widespread famine, it's true people are buying garbage food in the United States. I used to be a meat and potatoes kinda person. Now GROCERIES  'REAL FOOD" THAT DAY IS OVER!!!
L)
Let's be real, according to what they are saying this is going to be the 6th mass extinction, the previous ones not caused by humans (or were they) and roughly around the same time from one to the next one, which means that the planet itself has a way of resetting every so often independently of artificial forces. So I think (in my humble opinion) that it doesn't matter what we do it's going to happen anyway only at a faster rate. It's almost as if we are programmed to do so.
QUESTION:. DOES IT TAKE 100 WOMEN TO IMPREGNATE ONE MAN, OR...DOES IT TAKE ONE MAN TO IMPREGNATE 100 WOMEN ?  If you answered the later, you are correct ! THEREFORE, CASTRATING MEN IS THE PLANET'S BEST CHOICE FOR SAVING IT AND REDUCING THE POPULATION ON THE EARTH.
I was born into a world that's dying.  I feel betrayed.  This isn't the kind of world I ever wanted to be a part of.  I hate it here....
Sorry, but if you take Paul Ehrlich seriously, you deserve to live in fear.
This guy has been debunked for 50 years. WEF shill.
Ha, ha, ha, so guys who fish out salmon for a living is complaining that there is no more salmon.. 🤔
What was the 'possible solution' that he said he would tell us at the start of this post?
This kind of fear mongering is the next step to the great reset.  you're being lied to, and you eat it right up.
Thanks for this video..... God bless you
Don't believe this propaganda. The Earth will survive billions of years after the extinction of mankind.  All life is exists in a microsecond of the entire time line of this wonderful planet and NOTHING mankind can do will stop its course. believe in what you choose to but Earth will live in harmony billions of years after mankind is a forgotten memory, so don't believe in brain washing videos like this one regardless of how it is presented.
Problem is psychopaths weaponizing anything they can against nature.
We all need to eat less animal products and eat more sustainbly grown plant products.  Alot of organic farms are also of help to wild life.  But many people get nasty when you say eat less animal products and fish, cos of their egos they feel entitled to as much as they want and cant see the bigger picture.  If you have a garden or yard, you can still help with wild life.  Turn it into a wild life garden. Don't concrete over.  We have also degraded 90% of the worlds soil.  But if you have a garden or a yard you can compost your veg scraps, coffee grounds, tea bags, egg shells.  Or if not, there are many community compost places.  Dont just throw that in the bin. That needs to go back into the soil.  We even have to think about the earth worms, they are dying too from all the pesticides.
MOST OF ALL, STOP CHEMTRAILS AND STOP USING PESTICIDES,  IT'S SEEPING INTO OUR WATER TABLE, KILLING OFF THE WILDLIFE,  BEE'S BUTTERFLIES, ETC.
People of the salmon. That would go and hunt each day for salmon to feed themselves. Well now you have 5 fishing boats over fishing and want to blame everything else but yourselves.
SOME MINING FOR MATERIALS TO ME ELECTRIC VEHICLES,  THIS IS DESTROYING OUR ECOSYSTEM
STOP ALLOWING CHINA TO BUY UP AMERICA!!!
It Happens , since The Beginning of Time , Keep Chopping Down Trees ,Keep Catching All The Fish , Keep Scrapping The Earth of All it’s Resources ? What do you Have ? Nothing ? Greed ? Corporate Greed 100% , Nature will Take Over Again ? Just like The Past , God Bless Mother Earth
The people are starting to die too. We're looking at a mass extinction period.
the end of us all
Most likely scenario is the government is poisoning the environment in order to justify future climate lockdowns,  giving them more control and us less freedom.
The word here is greed - the greed of hunters, the greed of fishermen, the greed of farmers, the greed of politicians.  There are plenty of resources on the earth for all living things but there are not enough resources to accommodate the excessive greed.  This disaster is deserved - climate change !!!  (more greed by the military-industrial complex) has nothing to do with it.
Dams also have a part in this👈 And overfishing.
Funny how all these YouTube scientists "saw this coming." Lol.
according to scientists this past year or so, a new speciies is being discovered every day.  Was in the 'news'.  As a President said once, Fake news.
According to scientists ,since 1967, 41 mass earth extinction events were predicted !!  how many have happened??…….0 zero
Globalists video, globalist created problems, globalist go to he'll
I have been an active environmentalist all my life, but I'm a Christian first. I am sickened by these 'we are all going to die, unless you cull the humans' 'documentaries'. The problem isn't 'over population' its SIN and the rejection of God. The Elites know this all too well, as they smirk and snigger at the masses who dance to their Satanic tune...
So glad me and my wife didn’t have children.
hows the roach population in California ?
All planed, Georgia guidestones laid it out.
Jehovah will not allow that to happen..😁😘
Totally nonsense
Everybody has a comment but no one has a solution. Everyone cries the ski is falling. Where are the comments with recommendations-real viable recommendations and solutions. Commenting about how sad it is doesn't solve a damn thing. We already knew it was happening. Are people willing to only have 1 kid. Run that by people and see what they have to say. Tell that to India and other overpopulated countries. See what their response is. Try African countries who are growing rapidly-see what their response is. So let's hear the solutions.
I guess people’s freedom to breed like cockroaches is more important than trying to impose population control
Stop spraying poison ITS MORE A problem with corporate poison than human waste!
With regards to the fish, it’s technology which has killed off the fish population. Bigger powered boats, bigger nets, fish finding sonar. Mankind being too greedy. It’s the same here in UK. Hardly any UK fishing boats, only EU massive super trawlers cleaning out our waters and the UK government do nothing.
The actual population limit for humans to survive on this planet is 1 billion.  We had this approximate number in the 1800s.  It is unlikely that a child born today will reach adulthood unless that child's parents are extremely wealthy.  Food will be so scarce that only the wealthiest will be able to afford it.  The big surprise to me is that we humans have yet to mount our defense against extinction.
Don’t worry ppl , elites will fix the problem but for themselves, we won’t b here 😆
I agree with everything in this video except it excluding the fertility crisis among people. The human population is about to go the other way.
Earth could hold more than 10 trillion with no problem these are mostly lies
I'm going to go ahead and give this a preemptive thumbs down.  I'll be back... So you're saying we could have saved 50,000,000 sq miles of forest instead of launder...er sending aid money to Ukraine?  Hmm. Ok, thumbs down removed.  Humans do use too much resources.  Funny how the ones that cry about it the most use the most though.  I don't buy bottled water and drive a hybrid, so don't look at me.
So what are the solutions? Serious question.
Ehrlich has been wrong so many times with his predictions it’s a wonder anyone gives him another soap box. This guy and his associates wanted to poison water supply in Africa to control the population
Y'all are stupid it's by design all this fake food what do you think that is it's not too many people they are doing it on purpose and my blood type b- supposed to eat salmon 😏🙄and it's not enough of us b- people and that's by design also
YOUR OLD WHEN GET HOME LET'S START THE DEPOPULATION OFF WITH YOU, GO HOME TO THE MEDICINE CABINET GET THE PILLS TAKE THE WHOLE BOTTLE.
BS....
Not earth. Please say America.
All lies!!
Look at Cambodia: Hun Sen himself as a PM is committing a crime of destruction the ecology in Cambodia for his own profit and his circle of cronies.
When I read the comments, I think that reduction of bees, wasps, birds, bugs are caused by pesticides and herbacides. THIs spraying of these chemicals have to stop! The reduction of animal species is probably caused by climate change and overpopulation which causes reduction of wildlife habitat. We have to reserve millions of acres for the widlife and restore the the animals land. We restore the animals land by harvesting the rainwater in this land. We build swales, trenches and subsoil plow in order to harvest the rainwater. This action will raise ground water levels, refill ponds, encourage plant growth. This harvesting of rainwater will reverse the evaporation caused by climate change and help bring the land to the way it was 100 years ago!!
The comments are ridiculous. You people are so gullible. There is no man made global warming it’s a lie designed to steal more money from all of us. If the scientist doesn’t say what the folks in government want they cut their funding. Stop listening to this ignorant crap.
If you're really that worried why not freak out about the military industrial complex easily the biggest CO2 emitter? Not to mention the private jets rich/powerful people fly to attend alleged *warming* conferences. Why spend time attacking the global south who pollutes and consumes the least. There's many ways to address pesticides as modern farmers are using less land to farm & newer methods. Unelected high and mighty types like Schwab that are going after the average citizen North and South aren't needed.  Why is all the "green" business about increasing industrial production- all business plans by wealthy powerful 'leaders" who are appointed by politicians who have shown themselves to be incompetent. And serve corporate interest. They want to raid land & resources and destroy lives in S hemisphere. It's about greed. Same game this time wearing a GREEN mask. Meanwhile major polluters and corrupt banks like Citi & Goldman Sachs that we bailed out are sitting at the IPCC table. Dow chemical carries on. Rich jet-setters still thrive in mansions that use a fortune in energy. And the freezing, starving masses are now told THEY have to sacrifice more you say? We're not all that stupid.
Never forget, YOU are the carbon they wan't to reduce.
we just have to consume less. go an hour without eating, eat a little less each time.. wean yourself. the people that need to hear may not care because they're so webbed up in life.
Love this.  It is the movie 'Look Up' in the real world in real time.  The only chance we have would be to change ourselves and our values completely.  We and all life on Earth are doomed because billionaires need slaves.  The world might be saved in equality. inequality  & greed means death.  Adios
This is why the border should be closed
SAVE ORANGUTANS NOW!!!!!!!
😲 : "THE END IS NEAR" 😒: "You said that last year"
for people who dont understand imagine a farm, with cows, pigs, chickens, sheep, ducks, maybe a few cats and dogs even fish. a mass extinction just leaves 2 or 3 of them.
I don’t consider myself democrat or republican but what scientist have been speaking about for decades is coming into fruition. Our world is finite in resources and if we don’t think outside box in regards to venturing and onto the stars and innovate, then we won’t survive in the long run. Our planet will still be here until our star reaches its end of its life but not us. Progress requires huge amounts of energy and resources and we won’t find that here on earth.
Tears wit my native brother man damn
This is kinda sad like! What can we really do
I live in England and have a tiny back garden 7m x8m  I have catalogued 26 species of birds this year in my garden  Am I just lucky ?
Save the salmon and you save the world. 🌎 Take down the dams. The dams benefit a few and at the cost of many salmon. Do you want food or electricity?
This is just malthusianism and was debunked long ago, the vast majority of pollution comes from a handful of corporations not over population
Population Matters addresses some of these issues but people will keep breeding especially with developing fertility treatments and most people cannot comprehend this issue to change their behaviour. People could reduce eating animals then we could re-wild land because grazing land and crops grown to feed animals, and animal waste are what have taken over forests, jungles, woodlands, and it is polluting our water. So even if people have little sentiment towards 'farm' animals, people need to consider that they are eating their selves to extinction in the current state of the food system. I doubt people will change, there are far too many people in denial.
I've read in other places that the earth can only indefinitely sustain about 100 -300 million.
We are in a population crash that we might not recover from, humans are dying faster than they are being born, china is desperately  trying to increase their  birth rate, the one child policy is gone, and now it is a three child policy
People standing in their 3 acre yard of ONLY grass that's not even native: "where did all the bees go???"
just because corporate sponsored scientists say something doesnt mean its true, go in nature and see for yourself
the caveman has done some damage hasn't he...
greta thunberg was right....
We are supposed to trust the science, again ?????? The science doesn't even know when the dinos went extinct.  To think we can control the earth is crazy, it turns,wobbles,get hit with solar flares,ice melts,ice increases, both rates go up,both rates go down( like now), this is propaganda b s . They are still finding new species,  Science ?? We don't even teach it in school anymore.
So they caught killed and sold all the fish for greed then they move onto the next like a cancer those fish you killed deserve life not you
If you think there isnt enough land for people youve never been to a rural area.. if you think there isnt enough food, a roof garden could support a family, while filtering and collecting water, even though thats illegal.. wonder why? Energy, solar and wind.  Land, Shelter, Food, Water, and electricity is all we need besides Oxygen and Rest.  Soo pleasee tell me again oh so smart and totally not funded by the evil cabal scientists, why? Just why??
All these restaurants going up need to hear this. As consumers of that food we need to cook in our homes. And maybe have closed restaurants one day a week or two. We are an overweight and throw away so much of our food.
*There arent too many people the rich just poorly allocate resources for us.* this is just the rich afraid we will over take them and take back control of the earth. *The rich are the problem, no one needs a mile long yacht or three or four* if we could raise the lower class out of poverty we would be fine but that would take sacrifices from the rich, and not the normal goat sacrifices or whatever tf they do..
This man is correct in his assessment based on how humanity has looted, plundered and pillaged our planet into our current dire state! 70 to 80 percent of our insect population is gone as well but to many people worry more about The World Cup than the health or lack thereof our planet. It's sad and tragic for our future generations. If you don't believe me depending on where you live when is the last time you saw a natural honey bee hive not a farm or man made structure I mean one that is in a living tree.
1. Maintain humanity under 500,000,000 in perpetual balance with nature. 2. Guide reproduction wisely — improving fitness and diversity. 3. Unite humanity with a living new language. 4. Rule passion — faith — tradition — and all things with tempered reason. 5. Protect people and nations with fair laws and just courts. 6. Let all nations rule internally resolving external disputes in a world court. 7. Avoid petty laws and useless officials. 8. Balance personal rights with social duties. 9. Prize truth — beauty — love — seeking harmony with the infinite. 10. Be not a cancer on the Earth — Leave room for nature — Leave room for nature.
No worries mate.  The NWO has their own plan for the next human mass extinction in play.  The Georgia guide stones spell out the goal of reducing the human population. Bill Gates is on board as are many others to bring down humanity to what they call sustainable numbers. The UN has a map you might have seen, of the USA where humans can live or not live, all part of the plan to depopulate the planet.
Oh BS....
Humans propping up nature will never be natural.
But that was only 13 minutes. Did you just save me 37 minutes?
12:18
waaahhhh
YOU SEE THAT GUY HAS NO CLUE HE IS ALSO RESPONIBLE  HOW LONG DID HE FISH BEFORE RAPING THAT PLACE DRY
Christian writings talk about a human extinction and a new species of human that will emerge. With our planet becoming more harder to sustain life as we know it;  it’s all making sense more than ever.  “ Be Fruitful and Multiply “ seems to carry a doom punch about it.
So you are saying raising billions of dollars to feed horribly impoverished third world countries without any requirement to lower their birth rate, may not be that great an idea after all ??? Who could have predicted that ? WRZ 2023-01-06
STOP PURCHASING IPHONES EVERY OTHER YEAR
People act like the average Joe is responsible for this. This seems like it's caused by businesses, entities and the top 1% that are building and tearing down things that negatively affect species and humans.
Bunk. What 'study'?
Any chance it’s due to experiments to change the climate.. What chemicals are they putting in the clouds.. saw an article on this a while back..
My family and I, drive to Mexico back and for, at least twice a year. Every time we would get back to Mexico or back home our car or the windshield would be full of bugs that would be about 10-15 years ago. Saw a comment two years ago that said you don’t see bugs in roads anymore and started to pay attention every time we would get to our destination, the car would rarely be stain with bugs just a few that you can count them. Crazy
Excuse me! Excuse me,  where can I pay more in taxes in order to combat the new extention event? I really believe it's because none of us are paying enough to the government and if we all were taxed correctly on it the problem would be resolved.  Don't you see the problem here?!?! We are all going to die if we don't address this!!!!
Wish all these Stanford people will just fly to the moon and not use any of our resources.
Lol
George Orwell figured the maximum sustainable population to be 2.2 billion.
Scientist are actually saying our population is at a decline so not sure were 60 minutes got there info
So amazing, China has 3 times the population as the US
Never
Indians have been fishing Salmon with nets, while other races have to fish with a single pole.  Don’t cry for no fish
Send this video to all the celebrities and wasteful influencers. If they really want to influence, they could donate their gains to stopping deforestation and aid in the experiment that brought back more jaguars. Send this to the politicians, the self-proclaimed humans rights activists and the consumerist people yearning for fame and fortune.
The destruction of the planet is always something that we do not want to contemplate, as its implications are impossible to even imagine, let alone plan for.  I found it interesting though, that it was mentioned that the previous 5 extinctions were the result of "natural" causes.  This implies that mankind and its evolution is not natural, which unfortunately it very much is.  This entire situation should be deemed as natural, as hideous as it truly is, due to the fact that if it were supposed to be any different than it is, "nature" would be stepping in to "naturally" prevent or fix it.  That ain't going to happen, folks.  Unfortunately, we and all we are doing to the planet is a brutal, though completely natural course of events, and only made possible by the sum result of all evolutionary events throughout earth's history.
It's disgusting how much people have destroyed the world. It will not stop due to profit addictions the leadership suffers from. We just don't care whatsoever it's so hard to watch the damage take place everywhere and it's happening so fast it's literally going to get so much worse so quickly I think something in the next 100 years is going to be completely different and very serious affecting every single part of every single life form on earth. God please help us! Jesus Christ please return quickly we need you so much right now!
About time mainstream media comes clean about the biggest problem the world faces right now.
Just read the ingredients label on the 99%+ of the food being sold to us and realize what’s going on. Along with the planet we’re also being poisoned for no other reason but greed and profit. That’s the real reason it’ll all come crumbling down.
This is absolutely heartbreaking and our government doesn't give a crap 💔. I'm so glad I don't have kids, I wouldn't want them to have to experience the dying of our wildlife. Every area that is untouched people insist on ruining. If humans could be more frugal with our housing and keep natural plants and grasses instead of manicured lawns it would be a start. Truly though the real problem is corporations they produce far more waste than any indivual can. The biggest of them all have their hands intertwined in almost every political decision. There will never be a positive change  when money is the goal.
Population Control?
Notice they have all these old scientists speaking about this. The working mainstream scientists can't or won't discuss any of the real numbers about the collapse of the eco sphere.
Before you know it the world leaders will adopt the PURGE SYSTEM
Yep. Old old news for me. Yes a lay person. It is so obvious to anyone that is out in nature on a daily basis over the last 50 years. Far less of everything living.
Heart breaking that there are evil humans killing the animals for ($$) and global elites killing our planet by brainwashing the population. All the resources in the world and global elites are draining it. We should have lived the native ways NOT the European ways.
Lovely piece of propaganda
There is a reason there are no grizzly bears in California ,because you know, they tend to eat people.
One thing I absolutely love about YouTube is the comments section. So I can post my opinion. Thanks man for real! Another thing I like is having an off button. I don't have to listen to 60 Minutes of halitosis if I don't wanna. I don't, believe me.
Thanos was right
60 Minutes is always ramping up fear tactics... They always have used scare tactics on every story.
And Europe about to catch the brunt of itq
And all Royalty, elites, Govnerments have nothing to do with this"? White rhino decline due to them hunting them continuously , Govnerments Purposley build in wild spots, sewerage sneakily being put in our streams, rivers, oceans, And it's The Populations fault, My ARSE 😡
2030 your life will be over. "It is easier to continue to fool all of you fools ratherr than tell you all you have all been FOOLED."  The world is going to have major changes as you see in CA right now. Major Hurricane coming in Northern CA..
This piece is propaganda to induce fear. Responsible stewardship is the answer not fearmongering.
Assads family? An odd bunch. Source for the weird mass migration of just about everybody from China, Afghanistan,  Mongolia, the Middle East, and Africa to move into Europe and other allied nations including here the United States. A fake but real war, and tactics. One of the men of  Iniquity. He is seen in the 50's BEFORE HE IS BORN WITH REFERENCES TO THE 9/11 OF 2001. 21...BLACK JACK...ONE OF THE JACKALS SO HARD TO CATCH.
Europeans left their wastelands because they were ruining their environment. Then they spread globally and start repeating the same thing. The America's were teaming with wildlife and vast forests until they had to cut them down!
They managed to hurtbour family here and try to blame me for stuff I did NOT DO. We have had witch and djinn attack, terrorist attack in our family. It is written obscurity in the Bible, the Jess were overwhelmed and invaded.  Around the time of Elijah...Lilith is around...never to be in this world again since pre-Flood. He's fighting devil worshippers and demonic types. Our family by the way has stinkers in it..mostly problems with the neices.  Lots of reasons. They fain victim hood.  And, my sisters are so messed up its bewildering.  Elijah gets attacked, God unknowingly takes the wrong Elijah up. And, its two princes of darkness that gets up there, not Elijah. This is bad for the time the Messiah is born to the world. At the time of Elijah it happens, a boy goes missing,  a mother in distress, then he shows up the next day. Yes, but he isn't him. Its trickier with Christians. And, they rap, they make copies. They made a copy of my debit card too yesterday.  I used it, and it was returned from the ATM a copy. The banks are compromised.  The Mongol hordes , Muslim mess started up for real wrecking havoc with normalcy. No prayer in school, conditioning and hurting children in schools early too. To become, doctors, lawyers, armed service people, even bankers and Judges.  Hopefully,  God will help us quickly before its too late. They got into everything,  they can't do outright sharia here, they don't follow their own laws, they want to use gold and wreck the monetary system, they only have stuff in a world that id God's world where Jesus Christ conquered IF THEY BEHAVED, THEY DID NOT BEHAVE.
This is one of The Most important videos on Utube. During the sixties, overpopulation was a high profile issue. Since then, it has been swept under the carpet due to vested interests in the form of business and religious manipulations, which have constantly held back the planets` evolution. No one with serious influence dare touch subject, but it will have to be addressed for humans to pass this initiation and progress with the planet, instead of being a nuisance thereon.
We definitely need to stop polluting our planet! We're intelligent enough to know what the result will be if we don't. There's no reason we shouldn't be living in harmony with Mother Earth.
Everything is energy everything moves everything vibrates. Invisible to visible. BeLieEve whatever you want but no there's a lie there
The Truth Is JESUS CHRIST Is LORD and RISEN SAVIOR The One and Only True GOD of Abraham Isaac Jacob . The Rapture is a Glorious Day         For GOD's children .  But a Very Very Very Dreadful Day for the Unsaved have to go through             The Tribulation .  Even So JESUS CHRIST              Is      Coming Back All Glory to GOD ALMIGHTY .
If humans stop transgressing against God …. 😐
Let's eat bugs drive e.v's that'll set things right...
JOELHPASSEY
Excellent report as always 60 Minutes.  Thank you!  Subscribed.  Truly unprecedented times.  Isaac Newton was right.  The Jehovah’s Witnesses were right.  The MIT Study was right.  Mr. Pelley was right.  Next up?  ➡️ “…and to bring to ruin those ruining the earth.”  (Revelation 11:18b)
I have been a practical conservationist all my life.  I have kept honey bees for nearly 30 years.  They tell an interesting story.  I have seen the destruction of habitat, the damage from unfettered use of pesticides, the over fishing by both native and commercial fishing operations to name a few issues over the many decades of my life.  I'm also pragmatic.   The earth has experienced 5 prior mass extinctions.  I haven't heard anyone talk about the negative effects of those 5 events.  After all, if they had not occurred we wouldn't even be here.  We are only concerned about the one happening now.  Why?   Some will say because we need to protect the helpless species as though we were smart enough to do that which we have categorically demonstrated we are not.  If we are honest, the real reason we are concerned about it is because it is a threat to US individually.  The earth has recovered with a massive explosion of new life after each extinctions so we can't logically say that it is that we are concerned about wiping out life permanently.  Time will resolve any problems we create and new life will flourish again just as it has every other time.  So it's really all about us and our selfishness.  The earth doesn't need our help.  We need the earths help and we need to take care of it if we want to continue.   In 600 years nobody is going to give a flip about you or what you did or didn't do.  You won't even be remembered.  In 60,000 years the earth will be rather different than what it is now regardless of what you do or we do as a species.  In a million years our species, if we don't wipe ourselves out, will not be recognizable or bear any resemblance to what we are now.   So lets be honest and admit that any concern we have is really about us.  Maybe then we can quit blaming everyone else and look at our own lives and see how each of us make decisions every day that are the real source of the problem.  How much water do I use?  How much energy do I waste?  What foods do I eat?  What housing do I consume?  What do I throw away that could be recycled?  Why do I have to fly in a jet 3000 miles to find a place to have fun?  If your answer is because everyone else does it and my contribution is too minor to count, then YOU are the problem.
Wait until the solar micronova look it up
We really are a waste of a good monkey.
Pure unadulterated hand me down propaganda.
Yet we are still here. This doesn't mean take it for granted. It means we still have hope. We can do this. We fixed the ozone hole, we can figure this out. Unlike some that have come before, we have a chance to live; we've had ample warning and we're clearly not collectively blind or stupid at this point, "we" being humans.
It seems this video is pointing to over population of people is the problem.
Video games were right nuclear war is the answer to overpopulation
Please poeple, stop having so many kids
We know where and with whom the problems lies.  This is not the first planet to experience this, by the same forces.
DEFORESTATION and COLONIZATION are the causes.   When people migrate from urban to rural areas we ruin the ecosystem.    Its better to move to a deseart or snowy mountains but unfortunately not that many people are willing to do that.   If you think about it. If thousands of people move to a desert we will be able create towns and cities🏙. And that area will no be a longer be a desert but it will only be surrounded by a desert. 🏜
The world is not too small for people the government elites in a globalist illuminati put people in major cities they built highways to congest people on purpose they build subdivisions on top of each other while you have millions of square miles and deserts and millions of square miles and wildlife the people do not need two story three story houses with bedrooms the size of what most houses used to be in 1800s all you need is to live in smaller homes grow your own food and stop going to college because they feed you nothing but lies and turn to Jesus God bless
Elon Musk: uM aCtuLly ThEres noT eNouHG of uS
Nature will recover if humans disappear.
WW3 would solve the problem
It's not that humanity is not sustainable but our lifestyles are
On the other hand, we are seeing massive declines in our birthrate. Japan, China, and even Italy are already in the negatives.
Fake news.
Joke . .  .
This is literally Amazing and sad and I’m so proud that a leading Mexican scientist is leading in changing the horrible outcomes and impacts❤ wow 🙏🏽👏
Keep on being humans we’re almost there at destroying ourselves.
some times i wonder why people believe everything this programs say,   when these are paid by the richest or empresaries that try to get all the business,  and scare people to driven them away.. this progrmas were made 50 years ago..🙄😒😁
There’s literally a lot of habitable places to live people just wana be packed in the city
Why would 60 Minutes give Paul Ehrlich ANY credibility? This guy has been famously and disastrously WRONG in his every prediction in the past. Ehrlich's book "The Population Bomb", written in 1968 made all sorts of doomsday predictions that were supposed to pretty much destroy the planet by the 1980's. Almost every single one of these predictions NEVER happened and for many, the exact opposite occurred (ex. the global production of food). Yet, her Ehrlich comes again with MORE pseudo science doomsday predictions and 60 Minutes, which used to be a credible source, gives him airtime and barely questions his pronouncement with the view of more respected scientists??? Shame on 60 Minutes for becoming a propaganda shill for the extreme environmentalist cult.
Maybe they have it wrong? The earth has been changing since it's beginning and will continue to change as it ages, every planet is changing every second of every day without humans on them.
There is no way humans have taken over 70% of the land mass. Not that I'm denying there's a problem, but it's probably not even 10%.
This is a lie! It’s so much land in the Savanna and other places. How do human get to decide when the population is to big? This is an insult to God himself
Them: The oceans are rising every day!" Us: "Yes, that is called high tide"
60 minutes we don't air anything we can't confirm........right!!!!
China 1.4 billion….india 1.3 billion…. America 350,000 million… overpopulation may be an issue in other countries but not ours
More de-growth propaganda.
It’s not climate 😂
This is all depopulation propaganda from anti humanist. There are many parts of the world we do NOT live in.
Do the fisherman take any responsibility for this?
We aren't even using half of our natural resources.
It is getting easier by the day to see where we are going. But we fail to acknowledge. Rachel Carson saw all this, and explained so well, in her book Silent Spring. The problem today is that we WANT things, and fast, not recognizing and accepting what we NEED. Helen Keller, a blind girl, once said, "the only thing worse than being blind is having sight but no vision."
Obviously the plan with Covid was to cause a mass extinction of humans.
If I remember correctly, we are supposed to be getting covered in acid rain today. That never happened. Didn’t they tell us we wouldn’t have oil today?
You know why we are here? Because we are not in tune with nature. We have diverged from a healthy relationship, and we have been doing so unconsciously. All of our actions that damage the earth came from our greed, and we were unaware of this until recently. Ignorance mixed with greed will be our downfall. The only way to fix this is to integrate this dark side. We are not going to change over night. Instead of having greed for yourself, learn to have a greed for the better of our planet. With the blessing of conscious thought, we can choose our evolution. So, do you choose to be a protective and nourishing force, or will you let selfishness and ignorance destroy your home?
We know we'll all be dead by 2015.  We know.
What a load of hogwash this is! It doesn't matter how many people are on this earth now, in a couple of years, at most, that number will decrease significantly because of the Rapture of the Christian Church. At that point, those who are left behind will begin to eliminate the remaining! Do you think that the Creator God will allow all this to occur? No, He will cause it to occur
Our son was one of the first babies born in the first hour of 2023. I guess we are part of the problem.
and IF any of you lacks Wisdom let him ask that of GOD ,who gives to everyone Freely and FaithFully ,and that WILL ,be given .James 1 vs 5 just ask often and about everything see Matthew 18 vs 1-7 and ask how you can DO that !!!
Title: "We are currently experiencing a 6th mass extinction" Content: "humans may have to face another mass extinction", no data presented as evidence for large scale extinction of species. Just take the word of doomsday zealot, Paul Ehrlich (with his abysmal record of failed predictions).
The crazies have come out to play. We discover many more new species each year than we lose. How many of these are replacements.  I love animals of all kinds but ponder this. If there is so small a number of a specie as to disappear then that disappearance would have little to no effect on the ecology.  If crazy guy Erlich got anything right we would not be here today.  ^0 minutes has always been a farce much like the Enquirer. Why are all predictions for climate change negative?  If we want everyone in US in electric cars then why are we bringing in millions of migrants who will never own one?  And finally we speak of climate change and rightly so, but just what should the perfect temperature for the earth be?  No one says that.
Oh no! We overfished and now there's no fish :(
Another fault of the shortage is due to too many useless people consuming and not helping to produce anything.
The living Father in Heaven is the life giver by the Messiah his Son Yeshua to each and everyone on the earth and he is yet knowing what he is doing and is in control !!! Read in your copy of the Word of our Father in Heaven 1Peter 1 vs 5 we are kept by the Power of The Creator and then read in your copy of the Word of our Father in Heaven Romans 10 vs 9- 17 and Ephesians 2 vs 8-10 and John 14 and ask in Prayer how that is WITH you and ask for that to be IN and WITH and THROUGH you now and evermore !!!
Agent Smith was right: humans ARE a virus.
While the earth remaineth, seedtime and harvest, and cold and heat, and summer and winter, and day and night shall not cease. Genesis 8:22 KJV Climate change is real, but its code for fulfillment of prophecy.
Well stop chemtrail poisoning
The amount of people is not the problem the problems are the waste and the corporations and the supermarkets that throw away hundreds and thousands of pounds of food every f****** day
Yes ,a mass extinction of common sense.Hows the 'Great Reset"going Clause?
Western countries gave food aid to the third world for years.  Instead of limiting their birth rates, these countries would have more children with the extra food. In addition, the climate alarmists say that Westerners, per capita, produce more CO2 on average. Yet, the Democrats are allowing more mass immigration into the U.S., which will increase CO2 emissions even more.
Democrats are are the 7th extinction, some were saved but the rest werre too far gone!
As others have said around the world, stop bloody breeding. How about no more than 2 children per couple which includes getting a new partner, so one child per person or less. Since many copuples will have only one child or none then there will be a population reduction. Probably not fast enough though, too late perhaps haha.
These people are nuts. The population is actually shrinking worldwide. God runs this place. 60 minutes is pusher of lies and political agendas. None of these things will happen.
Do you think that mankind, individuals, and governments of the world, will really stop this rape of the environment? Though no one likes the Bible anymore, this was predicted in the Bible, along with the solution. Revelation 11:18 tells us that God will “destroy those destroying the earth.” That day must be close, but like I said, no one wants to hear what the Bible says anymore.
money is not very thing g
🦬💩
Some people don't evolve because they're stuck in a bubble!
Paul Watson was right.
No wonder our Betters mandated all of these expiremental Vaccines and Boosters!
People's greed is also to blame! Humans aren't that smart.
The poor usually have the most children or the very wealthy.
Latin America is losing its habitats because of births and destruction of their forests!
The day humankind goes extinct is the day the world is really born.
Looks like a black bear to me on the cali flag.
Chemtrails and 5G is my bet.
More viruses will come and the weather will continue to make our lives very difficult!
Some humans don't control their urges and this is why I blame human population problems! Globalization is destroying the planet too!
Eric was wrong then and wrong now.
Does anybody find it a little unusual that they want play the previous clips of his interviews on 60 Minutes and how wrong his so-called predictions were then
i used to watch 60 minutes when they had credibility
I can't believe that 60 Minutes has stoop to the level that they'll put on a man that has been absolutely wrong for the past 50 years and everything that he predicts but let's bring it back out for some newer current climate BS fear mongering
I am 43. I have known this my entire adult life. Our species has known this for 50+ years.
It’s ok just send everyone to America Democrats would live that so we can help the rest of the world
13:02 "If the science is right..." Excuse me. The science is right. We need to stop saying crap like this. The science is absolutely spot on. You literally ended this segment giving people a comforting way out to not care again. "The science may not be right." It's right. Stop saying this.
More scare tactics to push their "Climate change" agenda for control over the serfs.
So the 2.5 million people that all came to the U.S. illegally will all need cars and housing and the "media" says this is a good thing.
The problem with humans is that we like personal account evidence - you need to see it to believe it. You can see it in these comments. Is it really necessary to type out your anecdotal accounts of what you have seen where you live? We need to trust and follow the science folks, before it’s too late.
All because of us humans
Does nobody ever consider why they have to put "according to scientists" in the title of the video? They talked to the twenty or so people willing to take this stance and then presented it as though all science agrees on the subject.  Real nice integrity you got there.
Populations will decline as it gets harder to survive and people feel less safe to provide for their offspring. Birth control technology keeps getting better as well.  But I just saw a recent article about how Elon Musk wants to 'combat the decline of population' by breeding babies in labs.  There will also be AI, which will in some ways be superior to us, at least within the artificial structure we created, since they do not need to consume as much. I don't know where we are headed, but God help us.
Keep voting for democrats and they'll take "care" of the population problem.
Don't you think God planned for the earth to sustain everyone when HE Created them!?!  It's people that are destroying this earth on purpose for their own agendas .
Your all kidding right!
Dat fife G homies is killins errythang.
Thank you 60 Minutes for covering this important subject!
If humans can reverse this mass extinction, then humans can do anything.
See now that's a man with a plan and he's actually doing it not just sitting around talking about it
Sounds like this presenter works or is funded by mr gates. It’s not over population, it’s big corporations destroying the planet for profit and suppressing alternative technology and ideas through sheer greed. 80+ 000 dams in America, it’s no wonder the salmon don’t run the rivers anymore.
I remember insects being everywhere when I was a kid, Im in my mid 30s now and it seems they have practically vanished where I live.
Yeah it's called Covid
Oh wouldn't that be nice if 75% of the people disappeared off of Earth I don't even care if I'm one of them just as long as it ain't that crowded
Want to see your country change overnight, literally? Eliminate light pollution, lawn treatments and commercial fishing annually. Watch the world blossom.
Yeah I don't think you'll find a scientist to say that either cuz then you guys don't get all those grants to try to find out how you can stop it and all that money don't go to your pocket
Man he’s 90 years old???? How does he look that youthful?
Not enirely true numbers of population since China and Russia have had a "one child" birth policy. Their population has dangerously shrunk.
Nothing Last Forever
Oh my goodness, the same scientists that have been wrong about absolutely everything for the last 50 years? 🤣🤣🤣
As if u care 60 minutes
So it sounds like maybe... We should stop taking the places they live.
F’n sad . This is something everyone should be seeing
6th Impact??  On a serious note.. yeah this is terrible.
If i was a billionaire this is what my money would be spent on , and thats why im not !!!!!!!! im glad im old , and that's the problem , & mass extinction,,, people maybe ????
These figures are all propaganda. Next time you're on a commercial flight, look out the window and tell me humans have taken over 70% of the land and water. University today is encapsulated in horrible research a child can discern it's math is flawed.
Do any of you think the Chemtrails have anything to do with the decline? What, exactly is being sprayed on our earth?…..And, who is responsible?
Everyone in the world can fit into ny city. Quit the Rothschild fear mongering. When Iatrogentics is the number one cause of death. Its obvious. Stop the electric frequency for control and birds will return. Hitler used frequency as control. Nazis would lower the frequency to make you feel sick. Once Hitler appeared, it was changed to make people happy. Yes, electric is a health hazard and the birds are telling you something. Electric radiation effects the s a node in the human heart. I suggest people start autodidact studies. A non biased approach. No influence of those indebt.
I am from detroit mi have driven over 3 million miles in my lifetime I know for a fact that we throw away 40% of our food according to krogers and restaurants businesses i have also seen more unused land than human can occupy
If ANYONE  trusts science at this point they are an IDIOT! Science has fooled people throughout history! The Internet has exposed the lies! The ONLY thing science can do is guess! Science led the world away from God and into confusion! The ONLY thing science KNOWS is that there IS a God! Science at best is a lie sprinkled with truth! So they appear to know what they are talking about!
People are to blame. I used to fish at a spot that was not easy to get to so nobody would fish there. Wildlife was everywhere. Now I’m seeing more garbage there every time I go and less wildlife. People that just don’t care are the blame. We need to find these people thousands for every piece of garbage we can prove they left.
Give this a thought. COVID was created in China and it was an attempt to alleviate the world population of the old and infirm.  It was obviously not successful.  Give that some real thought
If it is going to take 6 earths to sustain the planet and there are 8 billion people on the earth, what  mass extinction other than the extinction of animal species will b needed. Mentioned were 4 million melaninated people that desires material goods, why was that even mentioned. Think about it! I am just saying.
Plastics in our ocean are very very bad...but never addressed by governments. We now find microplastics in people's blood. Chemical fertilizers were touted by government and corporations as the answer...feed the world they said... now we may see otherwise. The wealthy promote bioengineering plants and GMOs as the answer...is it??? Maybe we need to go back to less production and profits but more environmentally sound and healthy foods. I just read the uptick in consumption of king crab during covid is partly responsible for the closure of the season now. Who was eating king crab during lockdowns? The WH just served up 200 lobsters in one dinner...what segment of our population is putting pressure on our limited resources?
The planet will be fine once we are dead
Hoaxster, proven failure of a "scientist".
I live in Napa valley and we no longer see butterflies and bees are on the decline.  We’re an agricultural community so without pollinators, we’re in serious trouble.
66 million years ago 🤣😂😂yet the dinosaurs still have flesh and DNA on their bones. Also Dino foot prints are next to human footsteps in solid rock the earth is around 13,000 years old not millions.
the inevitable is beyond human control of the cycle of life. Humans will die -out regardless of their awareness. the greater concern would be how those who govern will implement population control and the horror humans will live before the inevitable.
Stop giving vacations and let gods work do its job without us trying to fight him
The victorian govt in Australia is planning on killing a 1/4 of a million kangaroos in 2023 alone, frigging disgusting.
When’s the seventh one….they seem to be happening on schedule.
Very good segment just my two pennies worth as we all strive to eat healthy exercise and live right to extend our lives 80 90 Etc we eat up more resources which is of course not sustainable maybe we should all try dying a little sooner just my two cents worth
Climate  scientists  said that  in 10 years the planet will reach a point of  no return, that was over15 years ago and we are seeing  the death of  our planet. No matter what  changes we  make  its  too late  it will only slow down  the inevitable, it will be our demise and it was our doing, the planet  will  recover once we're gone
The only mass extinction is the extinction of common sense in the western world. This is BS, just another excuse for lock downs and more restrictions.
Welp thats horrifying
Who has the largest populations in the world tho? 🤔 It's not the US😳
It must be very hard to not be a saved believer in Christ. We have always known all these things WILL come to pass & it was written thousands of years ago. I t will happen & all one can do is hang on to your faith & learn to grow what you can. Here in Hawaii, many of the Great Blue Marlin are being killed mostly be China & Japan commercial fishing. That is how far those two countries are reaching even here !
Bring on the giant asteroid! Humans don't deserve to live! THE HORROR...THE HORROR!
I call BS
@caskey
Second coming of Christ is coming soon.
This is B S
Stop saying this crap. Our children have lost enough hope over the past decades.
Are you jumping the shark? This is bull.
I just watched the x files episode titles 6th extinction
We will not know of our ignorance until the last tree is cut down. We were charged with protecting this planet...and again, we have failed.
this is an easy sell to people who have lived in cities their whole life. People need to get out of the concrete jungle and they would see this isnt fully true
Salmon were like “dude I’m tiered of being eaten by everyone! I’m gonna evolve into something else!” Maybe that’s why there are fewer salmon?
Malthusian philosophy being pushed here. How about an alternative thought as to what the problem is. maybe, there are to many millionaires and billionaires made by the flaws of capitalism and the military industrial complex. Funny how these same media companies push fear on one hand and more war on the other. Propaganda is at it's highest level in the United States, I fear for our country and the world, due to an economic system that DOES NOT WORK for most all life on the planet.
Touting the loss of grizzly bears? What? There are more grizzly bears now than in the past. They moved from Kalifornia. They vote conservative. Kalifornia doesn’t acknowledge who pays the biggest $$$ for natural conservation….Hunters and Fishermen.
To sustain mine and yours   😉
There have been 5 other mass extinctions. How can they say mass extinction is “horrific” and part of natural history at the same time?
Same in Australia.  Very lightly populated, 26 million people on a dry continent of 3 million square miles. In 1968 I was in High school and the population was 12 million. We have a policy of mass immigration. The lazy way to increase GDP and numbers of customers for industries like construction, if not GDP per head.  We are losing species at an alarming rate. Even in my suburban back yard the loss of bees is evident.
All countries need population controls for zero population growth and to start reducing human impact on the planet.
Maybe the democrat party will go extinct, along with all its blind sheep.
Bummer...
Wife and I chose no children.  Tax code penalizes us.  It should reward us.
I will never trust a single thing the WEF ever reports
I think back to when I was a child.  There were once these small white moths I would play around in my yard, they had reddish lines of color over the white, just a few lines.  Those have fallen on the wayside.  I wonder if anyone else in my area noticed that they are gone.  I will say this:  At least the Connecticut River now once again has Bald Eagles nesting along its banks, so a small glimmer of hope was planted in me when I saw an Eagle fly over my car on the freeway in downtown Hartford.
The scientists are outnumbered by the deniers. There’s not enough money to pay people to not pollute and destroy the natural world.
1970! OMG! We better do something quick!
I’m sorry I don’t see this where I live!  I live in rural America and there are more deer, squirrels , bear and all other animals than there were when I was a kid.  These people only see California and big city areas which have the strictest regulations!  Crazy how they are the worst but have the strongest so called environmental laws!
These people haven't been right once. More FAKE NEWS. LMAO
Like so many predictors, in the early 1970's, Paul Erlich predicted there'd be mass starvation  long before the turn of the century unless significant population reductions occurred.  His wild incorrect projections were not much different than "Acid Rain" or the "Coming Ice Age" prediction of the same decade that turned to global warming in the same decade.   Of course that was followed by global warming,  and climate change.  All the while a few people have gotten so rich while most have fallen so far behind.
60 Minutes = 0 Credibility. Fake News. Proven.  Source?  These nuts.
Rubbish! Fear mongering! Irresponsible "journalism". Our ability to grow more food with more efficiency has more than doubled over the past 50 years.   We have huge desalination plants where we can turn saltwater into drinkable water. Ask the Arabs states about this. Their cities have quadrupled in population once the West not only showed them how to build desalination plants; but, also built these plant for them. The Arab nations are building at phenomenal rates. Why? How? Because the West has showed them how to turn their sand into arable land.    Our technology has skyrocketed over the past 50 years. Look at Israel, they have turned true wasteland into a profitable farmland and our sixth in the world in transporting their food all over the world! Israel one of the smallest nations in the world!
It’s just unbearably sad, humanity has overseen the ultimate exploitation of the planet, at any cost.
Still paving paradise. 😥
We should be all right, though. Bill Gates, and his cronies, are working on thinning down the population. We just have to put a stop to geoengineering, and we’ll be fine.
I think it's so sad the 60 minutes reports this like the commercial fishermen are the victims the fishermen are the number one cause of the destruction of our ocean I have no sympathy for him losing his livelihood because commercial fishermen have destroyed our Waters.
I'm from a country town and we pass all type of Unused land that we always comment on how it's so much Unused land..I think we poisoned the World in our chase of Greed and now those bad decisions are coming back to haunt Us.
Definitly a video needed posting
🙄 🧠 🧽
In 1990s they said planet was going to freeze, ice age all over again. God is in control of the planet, just as he was before earth was created. If you belive that you came from a monkey go live with monkeys, if you belive that 2 atoms bang zoomed together and everything in earth was formed so perfectly go back to Yale university and get brainwashed more.  They are constantly lying so they can have power over us in a way where masses are controlled and fear in one of them. Planet earth had gone thru destructive life cycles without humans having any impact, ask history about it. Monkeys 🐒
It won't
Some of you don't know who Cargill, black rock, and vanguard is and it shows!
Stop eating salmon it's gross 😉
Michael Jackson was sustainable in 1970. Now, he's extinct. Humanity, you're next.
Population control. Now it all makes sense.
If anyone has the power to fix the planet its the billionaires
The rich people think they are better than you, never mind their jets and giant energy consuming homes, fuel burning yachts etc.
In other words, Thanos was right.
Blame these big corporations...they probably injected them with vaccines.
Goodbye world, thank you all people that destroyed it, really appreciate it. Glad the other 7.9 billion are just realizing this…
That's so sad if true. Earth and its ecosystem and animal life is so special and humans are ruining it by overproducing and over consuming it's resources. Not to mention, the over consumption leads to over pollution.
Its ashame many people cannot actually see whats really going on.. we the people do not make decisions for our planet, we're told what to do..They allow these atrocities to happen then blame the people. Power and greed make the decisions for our planet, and most sheep follow.. When we look back at the last 3 years, there's your depopulation right there. Most of us won't be here to see the future planet. Its a shame...SHAME on the ones who could change it, but make us all feel responsible for it..SHAME on the media for what we're not told..next lockdowns coming soon due to global warming or is it climate change. There's a massive difference between those two Narratives..Stop spraying our skies, manipulating our weather, stop all Geo engineering. I for one would love to see and feel a natural days weather..Accountability is a very lonley word..ITS ASHAME..EVIL Domination of our planet..
I grew up on 6 acres in central FL,  as   a child I remember tons of fire flies, wild rabbits, birds, bobcats, skunks,  and eagles. Very sadly now I don't see any of those animals.
It's the scientists who are the threat to humanity, with their depopulation mindset.  How many are atheists, I wonder?
All thanks to greedy rich cooperations
Actually, Monterey is pretty nice, but it is a socialist police state like all of California...
Gotta wonder if all the toxic pesticides they spray, all the crap in the chemtrails they intentionally poison us with has something to do with it.  Actually - you don't have to wonder about it -- you can probably bet on it.
Over-population of humans is the culprit... Africa, China, Latin America and let's not forget INDIA... oh my goodness... these Countries or these people did not get the memo or choose to ignore the truth.
This is BS
Liberals
It's not population problem but that majority of people live in close proximity but there is plenty of space. Also it's us and commercial industries that are tearing up environment like tearing forest down for solar or wind turbine farms. It's mining and large corporate greed not the regular human living life. There isn't shortages on resources but the management of them. I'm 40 and seen big changes in weather and surroundings in environment and old farmers have told me how bad things have gotten over last 10 yrs growing and I have farm and animals and know true. Clouds don't look same or sky as when kid. You don't see birds or other animals like we did in groves now few. Our cities and rural areas in South have been changing rapidly over last 3 to 5 years with so many people moving here from other places and has made everything worse from traffic to crime and development in once beautiful peaceful areas. I am sad seeing all these people coming in droves and pricing locals out of homes and the gentrification of all these places. It's gotten so bad people have gone after out of state plates or people and will continue to get worse. Employment and schools have had negative impact. I've lived through so many hurricanes and weather and with crowding we see the aftermath is harder and worse. Also everyone using the same grid and water supply has had new problems where before more spread out. We can't take in all these illegals which has impact on our communities and environment and resources and so much more.
It's true, all the dreams of our world's end .🤔😔😔. Knowing we are ever consumers and have lost our ways due to having stuff , that evething being bought for our do called comforts of damage to our planet due to pollution and the ever lust for having things .so not nutts. Tell my shrink I'm ok. Not paranoid.
It's first world lifestyles... I didn't ask to be born in VA and live how I did. ....
Im Confused cause alot of people died from covid are we still that many
I like how they make references to a book he wrote in 1968. Interesting that they also refer to the Extinction of the Grizzlies in California, an event that occurred in the 20's, fully 40 years before the book. 40 years before the status of population was a concern. 40 years before the population was extinction level. Just saying, if you are willing to lie about something that easily debunkable, what else are you lying about????
Facts: the West has been in a reproductive nose dive for a couple decades... 60 Minutes: It's the evil West's fault!  Reeeeee! Reeeeee!
Oderus urungus says “ HUMAN FILTH” 😂😂
Sooner the better!  All Bullshi*!
Overpopulation??? Not the problem. Mismanagement of the Earths Ecosystem sponsored by a few emotionally immature, irresponsible adults, is the problem.
Americans won't see it, not in our lifetimes. Give it a hundred or couple hundred years.
Stop stratospheric aerosol injection!
Ridiculous, World Economic Forum’s propaganda!
Blame the population not the people that governs them. Is the Australian news the same as the uk at the minute where they follow the government opinion on striking public sector workers making ordinary hard working people feel bad when it’s the people at the top who should be held responsible. Greed is the reason for most issues.
The dinosaurs had their time here on earth and sooner or later it will be the humans turn to go extinct as well. Nothing lasts forever. Some people believe in a God and others do not. So whatever is responsible for creating the souls to go into the human bodies needs to get it together. Too much of anything is not good no matter what the situation is. Whatever created life should have established some strict guidelines of how many souls inhabiting human bodies could be on the earth at one time. Somebody or whatever is in charge sure did mess up because humans can not create other souls but the only thing humans can do is over reproduce because they are kind of dumb and stupidity is what gets people killed. Most humans have no respect for the earth and the earth will get it's revenge sooner or later yeah like remember the movie 2012, maybe not as dramatic but something like that. When will humans ever learn ?
Mother Nature will always win. Humanity will destroy ourselves.
one of the reasons certain diseases are not bein cured..  population control is key, says some scientists.
Why is this clown telling the story so calm like he ain’t a human 🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️.
BS.
Lol if it is the people controlling it are causing it. The world is not full at all , what a bunch of crap. I've been driving truck for 20 years and I've seen a lot. Nothing's vanishing , the major world players  are doing this , not us. The salmon were eaten by the other salmon they genetically modified , they are doing this.dont blame HUMANITY ....blame these people.
Fake news at it's finest right here.
Stop breeding
As much unused land there is, and the skewed perspective of "overpopulation" rather than actual problems of how little people farm - it's no wonder people are fine with blaming others for not feeding them.  People can cause problems. But the amount of people isn't the issue. And if people would put in their effort instead of placing it on others' shoulders then they'd realize how little some of the "pollution" problems are as well.
BS
The X generation means a lot of babies have been aborted that time.Then there's birth control pills,condom,injectable anti fertility drug,IUD,etc to stop pregnancy. Then there's one child policy.Then there's approved homosexuality and lesbianism. Everything to slow down population.Then there's pandemic. Extinction of humans to the highest degree. Then there's HAAARP and climate change Tsunamis,strong storms,etc. Then there's pollutions.The world is in chaos.Lord help us!
Is the solution a big purple guy with 5 magical stones?
adults act like they care lmfao
Too many of “US” 💪🏾 on the planet. Boy it’s getting hot in here.
Trump and Elon Joe etc jacob rothchild control the News All oil..deceil..water going underground for Elon Musk Robot automation workers nonstop 24/7 on its way to oregon...
If you have more than one child, you are part of the problem.
Excellent that someone finally dares to speak clearly about the problem with overpopulation! But given that they acknowledge that population growth is the main factor here, shouldn't they at least mention family planning as one of the solutions?
People need to stop having children. Nobody talks about that.
AI will in time hold the World to Ransom, and there is nothing we will be able to do about it. AI doesn't sleep, and doesn't need us.
As far as we understand it will be the sixth extinction, but once again I'm not convinced that is true either. Whilst this remains controversial, it does open up numerous questions as to why this process, which seems to be indicating that there is a far greater reason than anyone can understand here.   Just to give you a random thought on the matter it would seem that we were randomly going through this process in order for someone, or something to attain what it is that they are looking for. So if you look at it like the probability of winning the national lottery with your one random ticket, then this in it's simple layman terms seems to be happening.  It's what we would refer to as a long shot, but what we do know is that even long shots can happen, and by that very nature. It really only is a matter of time before it is achieved. For me it's whether singularity beats the powers at be in attaining their answer.   Technically it would be like AI playing against itself where we would automatically deduce that scenario would be a draw? But does it mean it has to be a draw ? Or is that our limited comprehension reaching the most logical conclusion. Or just us trying to keep a grasp on our own arrogance to say what would happen.  It's a tough question which I have been wrestling with for some decades now.
Make cities denser and power them with nuclear power plants for energy efficiency
The greatest poison being generated in this time is the mental/logical/philosophical malignancies spewing out of your television from the News Media and Hollywood media producers.
60 Minutes is just another activist for the WEF/Globalists machine .... this whole show is  nothing but  propaganda!!
The common human being is on the way to extinction. It is evolving into 56 new genders as espoused by the world experts who also evolved from the common human being who are now drawing rules for the new order in intellectual spheres called colleges such as Stanford, Harvard etc..
Baby boomers 🤬 us all
Romans 8:21 & 22 that the creation itself will be set free from its bondage to decay and brought into the glorious freedom of the children of God. 22 We know that the whole creation has been groaning together in the pains of childbirth until the present time.
No political leader will address the elephant in the room when it comes to saving the planet the HUMAN POPULATION
Ooo I’m guessing that must be with everyone driving around in fossil fuel cars ahahaha it’s a cycle get over it we can’t expect to stay on earth forever  it could end tomorrow or another 2000 years who knows who cares
60 minutes credibility is going extict.
on our watch? as if you can do something about it!! thats quite arrogant........ he just worried about his way of life, he said it not me
Sad
This is so sad. If we are and have been visited by UFO'S?  One can only imagine what an advance civilisation must be thinking about us humans?
They fail to mention the overall number of childbirths is dropping worldwide meaning within fifty years earth's population will decrease dramatically. Eventually leading to extinction.
Quacks gonna quack.
If   these  Governnments  are  Concerned  about   Pollution   affecting   them  Earth's  Eco systems  ... Why do  they   Allow  the  Likes  of  Private  Companies   to  Pump  Millions  upon  Millions  of  Gallons  UNTREATED    Waste  into  the  Seas  and  Rivers   ?????   YES   they  may  well Fine  them   a lot  of  Money  ..  BUT  these  Companies  are  making that  much  money  that  they   Just  pay  it  .. WHY  ARE  THEY  ALLOWED  TO GET  AWAY  WITH  THIS  SITUATION  ..  These   Companies  should  have  ALL  profits   seized  .The  Shareholders   be  made  Personally  Liable  for  this  Situation  !  BUT  NO  ... These  Corrupt  Government  Wouldn't  DARE  do  anything  against   there   Cronies  tgat  Pump   Billions  into  Government Coffers  Now  would  they ?? 🤔🤔🤔🤔
The planet is not going be fine the earth is a body. Science  is  clueless.  Mudfossil University has the material evidence to prove it . If you were not part of the problem you would help get the truth out.
How is Paul Ehrlich a leading biologist when every single one of his predictions of future doom and gloom has failed to come true ?
Man caused the problem by going into the Amazon and so on. Man made
I hope he is right about the mass extinction. Then we can count on the Turning being correct as well and the weak men will die off ! Strong Men make for good times. Good times make for weak men. Weak men make for bad times Bad Times make strong men !
There r still more trees and acreage of trees then any other land mass, besides the ocean, we still have rainforest and tropical forests STOP SPREADING FAKE PROPAGANDA LIBERAL BS
be careful with believing everything they say, do your own research after all 60 minutes is run by the elite. Major news sources only show you what they want you to see.
No thanks to certain psychopath individuals that want people to die by a certain " item" while he laughs about it and drools over it 🔥⚡
Nonsense.
Back in 2011 I saw miner bees, yes miner bees! They were going in to the ground the ground. That was strange and it was a swarm of them. First time seeing something like that. But are Caucasian on the list of extinction?
Get rid of bees the world dies get rid of religion and humans and the world will flourish
"Not  one of those goals was met": (by 2020) I beg  to  differ,  it's called Covid...
Electromagnetics. Earth isn't the only planet in our solar system undergoing rapid changes.  This isn't to say we haven't done some serious damage over the last, what, 200 years. What I am saying is that even if we were a hunter gatherer society 1/10th the size in population with absolutely zero industry, what is happening now would still be happening.  The northern and southern magnetic poles are moving towards each other and the speed has increased x10 since observations started.  The closer they get to each other, the weaker the electromagnetic field gets. The weaker the electromagnetic field gets, the more solar radiation gets in and heats up the atmosphere. Jet Stream breakdown. The poles moving throws off migration patterns. Increased tectonic activity. As the cold zones migrate, land will rise and land will sink.  If you could magically remove all machines and people from this planet today, it wouldn't stop what's coming.
They will come back once again and destroy this place once again like they did Atlantis we were nearly a super human race when they came
I knew something was wrong when I started seeing bees walking on the ground looking confused
Mass extinction for everything that is not human. 8 Billion served (McDonalds) and rising!!!
“I don’t remember anyone doing anything other than salmon fishing” - there’s your problem mate 😂
I can’t wait for humanity to no longer exist the only thing I pray is that I’m alive to see the true end of it
Possible solution just listen to Bill Gates vaccines and the mNRA shots are a good start
That’s so sad 😢
What's wrong with Fish Farms? Yeah need to be more sanitary same as nearly any other farm.
I remember a CA that had plenty of water. Reservoirs were numerous and huge lakes that resulted in the mountains fed water to rivers and streams in the dry months. Then the environmentalists got involved in the 70s and insisted that these dams were wrong and they were imploded. The rivers dried up and the fresh water from snow runoff went directly into the Pacific Ocean without restriction instead of being conserved. Idiots abound!
The population of Africa will double by 2050 which will be 25% of the world's population. By that time the bottom half of Africa will be unlivable due to climate change.🤔
The United States used to be the bread basket of the world. Now we are tearing up 2 million agricultural acres a year to build McMansions on. Soon we won’t be able to feed ourselves let alone the world. The cities have become such sewers that everyone who can afford to is moving away to the countryside.
We must all listen to klaus schwab and get rid of our pets stop showering and eat worms live in cargo containers and put chips in our Brain.  It's the only way to survive 🤷‍♂️
Money. Politicians and governments are only concerned with money.😐 Money and control.
Do humans even deserve a place on any planet? no, all we do is take take take. And fight each other.
1 day the purge will be a reality
AI Will destroy humans 😅
If you’re looking for something actionable and meaningful to do as an individual to make a difference in supporting local wildlife in your area - plant a native habitat in your front or back yard! Or even in large pots on your porch or patio. If each person added just a few keystone species of native plants to their garden or porch/patio, we’d provide a pathway to much needed food and shelter for birds, native bees, butterflies, bugs, frogs, and other wildlife to survive. Most of these animals don’t travel very far - they spend their whole life close to their familiar habitat. Since so much of their habitat has been destroyed, it’s now up to each one of us to rebuild it back into our own backyard gardens or patio pots.   You can contact your local native plant society to learn about the native plants that do well in a landscape setting, and which ones are the keystone species for the survival of the local wildlife in your immediate area. Here are a few state's websites for information. Each state likely has a native plant society that can help:  California: https://www.cnps.org/chapters/map  Florida: https://www.fnps.org/  Ohio: https://libguides.nybg.org/c.php?g=680739  Arizona: https://aznps.com/
Too many wealthy people cutting down trees to build brand new homes instead of just buying a used house. So many uninhabited homes. It’ll never change because wealthy people don’t generally care. Just gotta build that new home. Phsssh!
The Holy Bible is the sole authority on the humane race. God is in control. He will take care of HIS CREATION. Scientist are not the Creator.
Satanic INFORMED CONCENT? You tell us what you are going to do and if we don't reject it, you believe you have consent to do so. I SPEAK FOR THE PEOPLE OF THE WORLD AND YOU DO NOT HAVE PERMISSION TO DO SO. This is the worlds REFUSAL and you must stop all plans to harm worldwide.
If we are in a mass extinction, I blame the world economic forum
And this is largely due to humans acting like a virus worse than covid and having multiple kids with people they never loved, producing unhappy people that further harm the Earth..what a disgusting cycle and how refreshing it is to see things like floods wipe away the cars and covid force much needed isolation
Excellent coverage. My thanks to the scientists and everyone involved. Storytelling rarely seems so considerate and humanistic in communicating the dire reality that humanity's current standards of living will sadly decline without collective efforts to preserve Wild spaces.  🌸🐝🐟🦭🛀🏖🏍✈🥳☠
Anyone who thinks this is true should take the lead on a voluntary sacrifice.
All the wasps are at my house in the ground about 20k it's been about 10yrs I can't believe they picked my house I wanted them to go and pick another home to settle down in worst case scenario 😔
There are too many humans, soo people should procreate less, maybe just 3 kids instead of 8 or 11.
Sun cycle
Were the others our fault as well?
I’m currently on the west coast of Mexico 🇲🇽 3 hours south of Puerto Vallarta. There are SO many bees down here right now, it’s crazy. I’m glad they have found a place to be. Life seems to find a way, don’t you think?
Counting the insects are they?
What baloney.dinosaurs never existed and the Earth is not billions of years old .people are just more greedy than ever and consumerism esp in by America is excessive.
I live in Huntsville AL and real estate has been escalating like crazy. Shopping centers, apartments, houses, hotels: deforestation in general! We have lost countless trees, wetlands, and farmlands just for a dollar. The yellow hammer, our state bird, possesses a hypnotic voice. A voice that I have only heard once; not to mention, alligators have recently popped up around town and they are my favorite animal. What’s worse their habitats are under threat of construction.  Our main concern is caring and preserving our planet! Not gender identity, not drugs, nor student loan debt. Earth is our only home planet. So if we can’t take care of this one what makes you think we are intelligent enough to look after another planet?
Global warming will make all the frozen areas of Earth thaw out and start growing plants. Increased temperatures will increase rainfall from evaporation.
The global elite will Reap what they Sow ...
Baby Boomers are to blame. Unlike our Millennial generation, which brought back minimalism and the minimal lifestyle, thereby cutting consumption, it's the Boomers who've consumed throughout their lives like entitled pieces of garbage. Boomers have yet to be held accountable for their generation's actions regarding a whole host of issues from economic ones to climate ones like global warming.
Holy crap
Ehrlich was wrong then and he’s wrong now.  Keeping the poor poor is a lousy plan; everyone on earth should have a chance to prosper.
This is one of the main reasons my family stopped eating animals.
There **is** a way to stop all this. Now hear me out, It might sound farfetched, But it's to quit incorporating capitalism in our lives. And it all started, With a coin, And you may be asking how a coin could do any harm? Well, We use coins to buy things, And sometimes, Green pieces of paper. These cause harm because those thin papers and small coins seemingly dictator our worth, value, and contribution to society, and they dictate the food we get, if we can shelter ourselves, or keep our tid bits clean. If you couldn't see this already, It's pretty bad how overlooked it is. The reason our economy, And ideologies along with other things is so important to global warming, Is because there's a cycle happening. When a person figures out they can earn money to live by taking important things from our earth, Examples: Ancient artifacts, shiny diamonds, And even our wildlife (Which is very important) since it cost's more, They will sell it for a "good price". Then once they profit from the important things, They form themselves a company with that money. Mass producing to those in need of the very thing they need to survive. And greed takes over. People struggle to find jobs in environments they can work in. Some of us even take up job offers no matter the state of the work place, How rude the boss is,  And last but not least, Making money to buy the things that others sell, Which we need to live. It leaves us in a spiral, And a cycle. One person makes money off of things that are valued, and then from that money, rise above everyone to mass produce it, upping the sale prices and taxing, while essentially others scramble to do the same in case it comes to where **they** get the worst of it, Being homeless, Starving, Dying off, And not being able to afford to literally get stitches or medicine. And once those who mass produce realize that the things they are selling are slowly going away or dying off, They move onto another thing. Plants is a main one, And so is machinery as to easily farm those plants. With that very same machinery, Comes the gas and the global warming. And with everybody wanting to make money, They allow all of this to happen as long as **they** can survive. More greed. And when everybody realizes that they are losing the valuables of their land, They try and fight over another piece. For materials like gas and fish. They even form sneaky alliances with other countries as to trade between the two so they can mass produce. This is all capitalism. And why a single coin, And sheet of paper, Is the problem. And why abolishing it will work, Is because it allows others to freely get the things they need from the land on their own accordance, without feeling they have to fight for it, Which, Is an actual instinct. It may also cause hoarding, Which will force us to burn and get rid of products that we have kept for so long, That are now expired. But getting rid of any trace of capitalism, I'm confident we'll be able to preserve the land. After all, Nobody needed money as caveman. And the land you are standing on right now, Is stolen. No matter where you are.   On a side note, Wouldn't it be easier to live off the land rather than taking everything down just to build cookie cutter homes which keep getting higher prices and inflation where everyone who is wealthy owns 2 homes, While the middle class, Lower class, And homeless could **have** those homes? why waste when you have perfectly good soil and wood. Just don't cut it down to sell it, It wouldn't make sense. Only take what you need and go. Don't be selfish. And to those who ignore this, have a good day, But don't be surprised when everything is gone, And the demands for necessities rise.
It’s so sad! Most humans are clueless and ignorant to the extinction of our amazing animals and forests. Not to mention the fact that food scarcity is a real reality!🥶🥵😥
Thats why they invented gmos covid19 and all the toys the elite have to play with,God must have messed up again put us all in 1bdrm apt
It’s so sad! Most humans are clueless and ignorant to the extinction of our amazing animals and forests. Not to mention the fact that food scarcity is a real reality!
So very sad. Wake up humans🥵😥
Why are they not looking at the evil che.m tr.ails????
Read the book of Revelation. Last book of the Bible.
Stop the che..mm trails! Look at the skies! Its not people but ch.e.m trails!!
Based on the price of salmon and it's not a whole lot more than it's been in the past, compared to the total devastation of the species spoken in this video, somewhere there's a disconnect.    It's obviously not as bad as these guys say. Supply and demand tell us there's still quite a good supply of salmon.   Now if there's something else to be considered I'll keep listening but otherwise you have to think that some of this is part of a bigger agenda.    For one thing the W.E. F 2. 03.0 agenda and 15 minute cities, are about moving ALL of humanity into clusterd urban areas and letting the rest of the planet go back to the wild.      Only a single train track connecting City to City. No more roads. This is in their white papers for all to see and nobody believes it.    So as we are being conditioned to believe that we are overpopulated, they then can do their unbriddled bidding.
Wanna protect the Amazon? then help president Lula from br !!! suport him!!!!!!!!
Nothing will be done, to much money to be made by elites and capitalists.
Don't worry population reduction in motion covid has them dropping like flies going according to plan
Maybe as a people we can get our friends, family and colleagues to help clean up trash etc in our neighborhoods/city areas/parks/beaches together to help clean up the Earth and also feed animals. We can feed the birds that we see on our paths with seeds/bread etc. They deserve better and so do we. And maybe even purchase pairs of animals and breed them to repopulate? Just a suggestion. 🌏 ☮️ Is this what it will take for mankind to come together? 😢
Endless greed through omnipotent Capitalism has a humongous price tag.  Nature intended that the Salmons, for instance, be caught for  subsistence bases and not for  large scale commercial fishing and canning. Any alteration to natural order of things has multi factorial consequences  of generational tenure.
Is this a rerun from the '70s?
I know I'm just one human, but I refuse to have any children. I know it doesn't do much, but it's just one small way I can try to help our planet. If people absolutely must have a child, why not try adopting one looking for forever parents and a loving home? If a person is financially able to support a child comfortably, then I'd think that they would be able to adopt one. I get that there's a biological drive to pass one's own genes on, but come on, humans have an evolved, complex mind. We are able to push past our biological drive and control ourselves if we really try. I'm not saying don't ever have any kids, but when you start popping out 3 or more, you are a huge part of the problem. I absolutely love bees and I'm not seeing them around these past few years. It makes me so sad. Humans, including myself have become parasites. Sure, green energy can improve the planet, but the real issue is that our population is out of control. Edit: I know I will get a lot of hatred towards me, but it's fine. This is reality and it needs to be talked about.
This guy has been wrong every year. He's said the end is now every year since 1970.
Well duh. It took you this long to finally catch up with that story 60 Mins? 👏👏👏
No matter how many billions of people mock God, it doesn’t matter, He still loves us and gave us The Holy Bible so we will know the truth. God word has never been wrong.
Too many people...Bah Humbug. What if too many... are too privileged? What is meant by too privileged? Is Might Right? Good questions? Next question? Let's ask someone who is in-the-know, leveraged by The Good-and-Wholesome, and outside mainstream media. Let's ask Fred Harrison, political economist/journalist.
This makes me so sad dear God help us save your earth 🌍
Bologna  miles of empty land
Death stranding fans be like. We can handle this
Yeah right. Drive across the USA and you will see how much empty space there is. This is just more political nonsense.
Sad how humans are hurting humanity. Animals will go instinct, then vegetation, and then humans.
I thought this fraud... I mean Paul Ehrlich was already exposed. And yet 60 Minutes still entertains his nonsense.
Get rid of the Eugenics corporations that support currency and poison!  Pollution is created by the very people putting this video out!
The solution was COVID-19  Jesus Christ will return and reclaim this 🌎. He went to prepare a place for us that Love and have faith in him. 💯☝🏾👁️❤️🌎I pray 🙏🏾 we ALL BE READY for His return 💯🙏🏾!
I couldn't bear to watch the video but instead chose to read all of your comments. My heart is full of sadness. Almost everyone of you have personally witnessed in your lifetime the great loss of nature. You have seen the slow (and sometimes fast) disappearance of all the things that made our world special and beautiful. I weep at the thought of losing our home, a place once filled with natural marvels from east to west, north to south.   The person and the environment are one. Neither exists without the other. A world that supports life has no reason for existence if there is no life upon it. And we can not exist without a life affirming environment. What are we going to do about it?
This is mass scare propaganda.
Not once was diet mentioned and it’s the one thing that every person on the planet could do to help curve this mass extinction. Humans are too selfish and they deserve what they’ll get, which is extinction.
The government should stop spraying poison in our skies start there. I have a hunch things will start getting better l.
I'm ashamed to be human.
No room left on the planet? Don't believe this. Utter lies.
we humans should go extinct.
The biggest problem is people keep looking to government for the answers. People might be heavily divided in America but i can tell people this for a fact & that is that people would be shocked to find out just how many types/kinds of people are for a clean & healthy earth. Perfect example of this are the following 2 groups of people. Preppers/survivalists & people of science & academics. Many many people are for clean water, less trash & plastis etc etc. While we all might not agree on everything, we do agree on many things. One thing is for damn sure & that is that government involvement will never be the answer. They rarely are.
The only thing humans can blame it on is ourselves  The gigantic medical industry has helped every individual survive and death is inevitable regardless of our emotional bonds  This is a heartless note , but it needs to be said
The pharmaceutical companies are dumping all of their poison in the rivers and the media are covering for them.
Well don't worry pal!  The WEF will decrease the population by about 90% give the planet back to the wild beasts...oh wait, the wild creatures, plants and water will all be gone due to the geoengineering these crazies are doing to the planet.  Yeah, the planet is dying, but NOT because of the number of people,  It's being killed by the likes of Monsanto, and those planes over your head that you ignore all the while they are spraying the world with toxic substances (and you thought it was emissions from your car doing the damage).  And of course the weather modification being done by...those in charge.  Oh well, it was a nice run while it lasted.
not buying it
To cause a “mass extinction,” humans would need to be wiping out 75-90% of all species on Earth. The International Union for Conservation of Nature (IUCN), the main scientific body that tracks species, says just 6% of species are critically endangered, 9% are endangered, and 12% are vulnerable to becoming endangered.  Further, the IUCN has estimated that just 0.8% of the 112,432 plant, animal, and insect species within its data set have gone extinct since 1500. That’s a rate of fewer than two species lost every year for an annual extinction rate of 0.001%.  The huge increase in biodiversity during the last 100 million years massively outweighs the species lost in past mass extinctions. The number of genera, a measure of biodiversity more powerful than species count alone, has nearly tripled over the course of this time period. After each of these past five mass extinctions, the biodiversity in the fossil record dips between 15 to 20%. But each extinction is followed by much larger growth.
It's all a farce. Drive from CA to AZ and you'll see 6 hours of open land.
It's disgusting how we have everything from homes to huge warehouses being abandoned and left to rot. As we destroy more wild life and forest to build new homes and huge new warehouses that'll be abandoned in another 20+yrs
Democrat s tell you anything
But now we have beyond beef
Watever
This needs to be acted upon. Not just a news story. Human population and expansion is the problem.
There's so much more room for people on the earth how are we running out of resources instead of spending on the military we could invest in the earth every country if it's so bad start more farms raise more cattle among many more things of that nature until it works . Idk whatever
Yeah, the vax extinction...
Good
Unfortunately, there is no political will to do things that will cause short-term losses in order to realize long-term gains.  But that is EXACTLY what we need to do in order to reverse the seemingly inexorable march toward destruction.
I wonder what it was like for Scott Pelley to interview a stopped clock... saying the same thing he's said since he wrote "The Population Bomb".
Let's build some more solar farms and wind generators that will solve it.
So time to have a climate lockdown eh? That is the agenda. And to put a biotax on everybody.
Australia is a British penal colony.
Post my comment, Australian censor! Post it now!
The population growth rate in the US is the lowest its been in 100 years.  The problem is the growth rate outside of the US.  The worst of these countries need to implement a one child policy like China had for many years.
TMH said this world was made for many, the next is made for few.
Came out China and India are responsible
You guys with 60 Minutes, are biased and judgemental. In most of Europe, your shows would not be aired, due to their partiality. You guys ought to be ashamed of yourselves.
Why are more adult diaoers sold then Baby or infant diapers? Its not the popualtion growing...its people living longer...medicine for longevity is taking astronomical steps...and people have adapted. The earth will be fine...we the people are the disease and when earth has had enough, she will show her colors rapidly.
Here in Australia sharks are in absolute abundance, croc numbers grow and are migrating further south, kangaroos, deer and wild pigs are in many places almost plague proportions. I've seen protected species like Dugong more than i ever have and many species of marine life even with foreign hordes of visa/immigrants from Asia slaying the stocks in complete disregard of our fisheries regulations. Independent fishermen who make a living every year, will tell you how their licenses are under threat to doom small business operators to working on corporate super vessels and I believe them.  My point, our country is successful and well regulated with strong a moral compass but this contradictive doom and gloom woke politics has a sinister agenda to enslave by shifting resources, power and wealth permanently in the hands of a few. Virtue signalling is their only tool while facts, transparency and appropriately peer reviewed findings are utterly compromised.
Hebrew years. Right on schedule you occult Bard's
🤣🤣🤣 junk science
This never happened when it was just Mom and Pop restaurants across the US with just a couple of big name restaurants it's when all these giant big brand name restaurants needed all this food that put us in this situation
I live in Jackson Hole Wy. Next to Yellowstone. The billionaires and multi millionaires have taken over this place. Once they get here, they start or join animal habitat protection “non profits”…  then tell others how they can’t live there or close to them because of “animal habitat”. Meanwhile they build huge “rustic” structures and tear up the habitat to put in modern manicured landscaping.  Tell the locals where they can and can’t hunt, even though hunters know the area and populations and how to control it and keep a healthy strong population. They also only hunt for food usually. No matter what, all the animal is harvested for food. They also have the biggest, most expensive SUVs and maybe have 1 child, 2 at the most.. that’s taken care of by a Mexican nanny. Some only stay at these huge estates 1 month of the year at most. Their monthly electric bill is more than most peoples rent, and that’s them not even living there full time. The waste and tremendous amount of wealth, arrogance , and all while pointing fingers at others is sickening to watch.
The abundance of global wildlife has not fallen 69%. The statement handed to him by a World Wildlife Fund study is a useful LIE. Over 220,000 species are on and in our planet, and they're going to be here for millions of years. Flora and Fauna and fungi and bacteria have been coming and going for millions upon millions of years on planet earth. This 60 minutes article is short-sighted and fails to discuss the thriving of the 99.999% of life on earth. The producers are definitely LAZY, certainly short-sighted, and 'perhaps' they are BIASED.  Everyone relax. The sky is NOT FALLING.
That's terrible
This is BS. Every person on earth can be fit into the city of Jacksonville FL. Government is killing off everything good.
This is an issue that started with modern  medicine. Man is not supposed to live as long as it does today. Nor should every child live that is born nor every woman that gives birth. It is a cruel part of this world that man could not handle and thought they created a solution with modern medicine. Little did man realize what they were really doing was creating the end for future generations. Which will be the extinction of mankind as we know it today.
Paul should take his own advice and help depopulate the earth, yet he’s here at 90
okkkkkieeeeeee. yea i really give a F
No I will send what I wrote in several hours to the Supreme Court.
Was there Possibly a mass extinction 30,000 years ago?
Lies and more lies
We are not another species WE ARE THE SPECIES!!!
OMG!  The sky is falling.  The sky is falling.  How about point  counter-point.  Nah.  Trust the media.  They don’t have an agenda.
Isn’t it a pity how we’ve destroyed our world?
I'm not stupid enough to believe the Earth is running of room for the human population.
Bull Crap
In the next 2000 years...
The only animal they wish to eradicate is you? Wake up!
What a bunch of bull, go outside, go fishing, hunting . These people live in th city
This is manipulation at its finest, read between the lines people. Propaganda. Not that I dont deny we are treating the planet poorly but it is not a mass extinction and we are not overpopulating. We should be doing it allot better though
All the Earth needs, is for Humans to just disappear!!!  The Earth would be fine then!!!
A main proprietor what's going on now industrialization and you have to go back to the past and blame it a little bit on colorization as well
Sad
WE DO NOT DESERVE THIS PLANET!
Prepare for a scorched earth environment.
BS  GD LIARSSSSSSSS
Scientist like who ,fauci,this is all bullshiy
To be fair earth can easily sustain all humans and other animals lives. The problem is the way we humans conduct ourselves. We take from nature wayyyyyy more then we could ever consume. If you look at a grocery store for instance and see how much of the fish they get and meat that is thrown out on the daily just because its not being bought. Its these commercial companies that are ruining this earth for the profit of themselves. Their not realizing they'll eventually go out of business once they can't buy the fish or meat etc. We should all have our own land where we can grow our own vegetables, have chickens to make our eggs, have community farming. That way the only time you will slaughter a cow would be when you run out therefore keeping waste low. The solutions are so easy but were so stupid to go back in time to where we didn't have instant gratification and you had to work yourself for food.
Let's face it, money is the new god. And a lot of people are in denial, until it's too late.
Propaganda
SCOTUS forcing women to have birth is severely irresponsible and dangerous.
Agenda 21-30
JESUS is Lord.
Hmmm.. damn sure wouldn’t be NEAR as bad IF our illustrious .gov WASN’T POLLUTING, KILLING  , LYING AND WAGING WARS AND PROXY WARS ALL ACROSS THE GLOBE would it?! Our government CANNOT be trusted for ANYTHING important including THE SAFETY of our nation AND its people! Of course MASS MEDIA pushes their agenda!
So cheap to save the planet. Where's the foundations I donate to? Wth?
This video is fear mongering. Sponsored by the left.
Start by looking up at the CHEM Trails. WTH?
there is no way we are causing global warming if that was so we would have cooked by now yes we are polluting our plant and greed cutting down forest that is not global warming its greed to many rich people and greed own to much land its putting all of us under extinction I do not think anyone should own more land than they do to many we buy houses that is the human greed land grab and it needs to stop before nothing is left land or sea WHY ARE WE NOT TALKING ABOUT THIS THESE VERY PEOPLE TELLING US ABOUT GLOBAL WARMING ARE WEALTHY AND ARE A BIG PART OF THIS PEROD
We should all get the booster so this does not happen.
I’m leaving the empty toilet paper roll on the toilet paper holder for the next generation to deal with.
Why do you feel so emotionally attached to this? Can you believe he asked that?
We need to get off the land and live on the sea and plant tree 🌲🌲 so that the land can turn green again
VOTE.... for people that understands climate change and will to pass bills to save our planet. We as citizens of the USA and the world can make this happen.
I live in a rural area 30 miles north of Detroit on 5 acres of land. Most noticeable to me has been the rapid decline in numbers of birds, butterflies, and other flying insects in the past 2-3 years. On my cross state drives the past few years my windshield has been almost free of insects. Very sad to be passing this on to my grandchildren.
this is why i say we should be shooting for the stars, when we leave, we need to colonize the moon, and colonize mars, and other asteroids.
Mexico is paying the farmers to leave and come to America
Not even a hint of a suggestion about how veganism can mitigate a significant portion of these concerns. The number one cause of deforestation worldwide is the animal agriculture industry. Factory farming is producing more greenhouse gasses than all gas-powered transportation combined. We currently grow enough crops to feed the entire world's population three times over, but the vast majority of those crops are fed to livestock. Veganism won't solve everything, but it has always amazed me how little lip-service is paid to such a prominent issue. There are health issues and ethical concerns at play as well, so I'm really at a loss for words as to why this isn't a focal point in our discussions about facilitating a stable future for humanity.
Its not like they pay anything for the fish, they just mooch off of Mother Nature. The Buffalo went the same way.
Begin cloning recently extinct and critically endangered animals. It’s difficult to believe 0.13 degrees per decade would be enough to reduce 94% of wildlife. Habit destruction I could see having that type of impact
There is no salution u cannot return the liquid taken out oil
The biologists aren't worried about killing the earth, but the fact that they won't be able to continue their lifestyle...that's so California.
Many intelligent people argue the opposite is true. They argue the population is on a decline. But I agree there are too many people and people should be required approval to have children. Must be employed, mentally and emotionally sound, and a limit of 2 or possibly 3 children.
If people would stop wasting food and were educated about how to live in harmony with the plant.
There was a book I got in 2014 called the 6th mass extinction,  it's been pretty spot on about how things are going now.
All of this is fake. All it is, is human population control
First of all, we're not experiencing a sixth mass extinction. These scientists are incapable of proving any mass extinctions.  The reason for the decline of creatures in their variety is because of government regulations. Look at the number of bills that have been passed that caused the decline of the variety of ecosystems. Even now the push for solar and wind turbines will be most destructive to these ecosystems.  Government loves to regulate and control the people, but who's going to keep the government in check? The government couldn't careless about these various ecosystems. All they care about is money and control. And I'm not going to trust a media and scientists who were bought and paid for by the government.
Dont scare people.. come on .. look at how many deserts
Y'all said literally nothing.  How about mentioning that HALF of US land is dedicated to feeding and housing livestock.  Livestock that is causing extreme pollution to the planet.  But y'all didn't mention that at all.  Sad.
Commercial fishing should be totally banned for a 5 year period. Then opened on a VERY limited basis with a maximum tonnage,then closed until next year.
It's all due to the political parties of the world!
Producing soybean which is bad for you and wasting all that land for that crop same thing with corn it's a filler people need to wake up it's all about profit profit profit why aren't you growing food for the people instead of having it made one place made in another and shipped each Town should have its garden areas
This is misleading. We are actually at a decline as far as population. I’m not saying that wildlife is not affected I’m saying that this is a common misconception. We are not going to run out of resources they want you to believe this so that they can control everything. Listen to Elons latest talk about this same thing. Also look into Jordan Peterson. People are having less children and eventually (very soon)  the population will even out and eventually drop considerably. I know it sounds ignorant to say but it’s true. These are just more scare tactics
Carl Sagan sounded the warning in the 70s and 80s.  He was not alone.  The torch was passed after his death and we have many scientists and citizens now setting a global fire to warn others.  The masses have written this off as a hoax.  A hoax created by the "libs" to ruin their lives and put them in discomfort.  We are at the tipping point.  The mass extinction was predicted and is now more evident than ever before in written history.  How long will civilization let it go before it directly affects our lives, which will be soon?  Changes need to be made.  These changes will cause discomfort until we adapt to a new way of living and let go of the old ways.  But we have no other choice.  There is no escape to Planet B, not now and not for the foreseeable future.  What you do is your choice and will affect everyone, good or bad.  We are a global society now like it or not.
No that's because you guys got too big that's called corporations you didn't need to take all that out of the earth if you're so worried about it why didn't you stop these corporations from doing this a long time ago and getting too big and robbing the Earth now it's too late you say oh there's too many people not necessarily true that's an excuse
This is all a huge lie to gain political control.
Blah blah blah
Who are these scientists? Do they get funding from the federal government?
They killed All the buffalo & extinct the natives.duh.
We are all tone deaf.  We consume and waste and pollute yet comment below about how sad etc it is.   I think we the people get what we deserve and it ain't pretty anymore. Just look at our House and Senate not to mention POTUS.
As chicken Liddle would say the sky is falling
Blah, blah, blah.... more of the same BS because it's all they got.
We have not taken over 70% of land!! Thats a flat out lie!
So where is the population on earth exploding? Not in the USA or the EU or any 'developed' country.  The population boom is happening in the third world countries. So, when will the MSM bring this to light?  True, the developed countries do use more resources than the third world countries but everyone has to eat, rich and poor. Where is habitat destruction most prevalent?
There's a bit of irony in a 90 yr old man saying there's too many people on earth. Why didn't he lead by example, say like, 20 years ago?
Lies.
Animals all came out of hiding when everyone was in COVID lockdown. Deer, fox, coyote, turkeys, bald eagles, hawks, and pheasant were all in our suburban area. They were rarely seen before or after.
If I said humanity is a virus, I think that would be unfair. We're more like a malign tumor that causes repercussions later in life. There are people actively searching for the cure, but no one important enough cares to make it readily available. The cure isn't getting rid of humanity, in a lot of ways we are beneficial to the survival of a lot of different animals. Instead it's about finding a way to coexist with nature, the very thing HUMANITY relies on. It's also about innovation in technology and ideology. I don't consider myself a hippie or a tree hugger, but anyone with common sense would agree with me in my opinion.
Humanity has been a cancer to the planet
Earth is flat bro let God worry about humanity
Thanks Governments and billionaires.
The whole population of the world can fit in Jacksonville city limits in Florida think about that.
These "scientists" are every bit as reputable as used coffin salesmen.
vaccines?
Look up Dane Wigington.
Vermont is the perfect example of change being possible if we stop being so selfish ❤
The uneducated deniers will just label all of the educated persons as “radical leftist liberals” and there’s nothing to worry about, and that earth is just “naturally” changing like it always has in its history. It has nothing to do with the human footprint, etc…. 🙄
Humans have a need to control the environment to the point of collapse.All for profits or status.Stop mowing your lawns and watch nature come back.Those mosquito ponds support an entire ecosystem that can not survive without water.
UUMMM,  BUY A FOREST, SAVE IT PLANT TREES HAVE FEWER RUG RATS PLANT TREES DONT EAT ANIMALS
"Not until the last tree has been cut and the last river poisoned will man finally understand that he cannot eat his money"
Um, yeah. We've known this for decades.
Hmmm, msm
We need to engage in serious global discussions about "The Next 100 Years."  If humans can come together and all choose to have less children - less then 2 per couple - our species' population will decline over the next 100 years.  If our population could return to the 1970 level of 3.5 billion or less, most all of humanity could easily live at a very comfortable high standard of living - all could receive a very good education, strong health care, access to diverse array of food, opportunities for travel, global use/access to clean energies, etc.  And much of the diversity of insects, plants and animals and wild spaces - wilderness - would return.  A win-win-win for all.  We would share the planet with all of these creatures.  It's simply a matter of allowing other species space - habitat.  Less of our species allows for a much more fascinatingly beautiful planet for all.
SAVE MOTHER EARTH!
When you look at this fragile, unique paradise we call earth from space you soon realize we have no place to go. I pray that somehow we can save this planet from our impending doom of the populous with blinders on to this disaster.
Such BS. Reported for dis-information.
They bout to start knocking us off
Jesus is coming back!
Utter nonsence
That's a lie.
We are about to take your black magic .. are you ready for me !!!.rawr 🦁👁️⚖️🧬✌️🕊️
🌍 How much of the wild Life died because of COVID-19 ❓❓❓ excluding the 10 million people already gone , killed by an airborne parasitic  enzyme ❓❓❓
OMG an honest piece in the MSM!     YouTube is filled with misinformation on climate collapse, but this is NOT one of them.    But, then, the BS hopium from Latin America, now pouring out many millions of climate/overpopulation refugees over the southern border of the US.      "Amazing success" is 1-3% of the vertebrate biomass on our dying planet still "wild".      "And not one of those goals was met", says it all.     "We've had it."     Want the well documented truth in 620 pages of a free online e-book/PDF, "Stress R Us".      Stress R Us
The earth is changing. Since Garden of Eden the earth has been dying. It isn't climate change when sin entered in it brought death as well. All this climate stuff is big excuse and lie to further take freedoms and control masses. This world will be made new when Jesus returns and sin is more.
Does he seriously think that California should still have Grizzlies running around wild?
Thanks to our open borders! Not hard to figure why the elite team are making all these things to change the population. Bringing drugs in all over the world to get rid of so many. Who do you think the cartels work for? That's not hard to figure either. Now think about all the children. Who is kidnapping them and doing away with them. You will come up with the same answer. Follow the money and that will connect the dots.
Go vegan, no more taking from the earth. WE need to replenish the earth again. TTTOOO MANY PEOPLE for sure. End factory FARMING>
I just wrote a report on this for school going for a degree in Marine Biology wish people were smarter and not just flail around in front of a camera 🤦🏻‍♀️ we need more people to contribute don’t get me wrong we also need “famous people” that’s balance 💛 but right now every damn kid wants to be a YouTuber or a influencer 🤮 I’m raising my son to be whatever he wants to be but he also knows the importance of making a choice when he’s older that will make his life fulfilled and live a happy life not a miserable one which is where we are headed.
I don't want to watch this... but I probably should...
Mass extinctions. Himmmm does that have anything to do with climate change? Do humans have any effect on mass extinctions or is it a natural process of our planet.  I think it's a natural process just like climate change. It's a natural thing. Humans can do nothing to change our climate. It's a natural process. That's my opinion.
Yeah thank Monsanto for all this, greed of man
Genesis 4:22 (a promise from God post-flood) As long as the earth remains, there will be planting and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night.
People suck. We don't deserve this earth.
Then why not allow let farmers farm ?Big companies taking over and shipping out,buying China’s goods
Overfishing is often a politically exacerbated problem, sometimes international. However, a bigger problem is trusted media misleading innocent caring people into believing the end is nigh. For giving a lifelong liar like Paul Ehrlich the air of a legitimate scientist/prophet 60 Minutes is inflating the actual issues and clouding the discussion with misinformation and misplaced emotion. The truth does exist for those willing to mine for it, but beware, it does not reside with people that produce and write articles like this one.
That's why we need to colonize the moon and mars now.
Some is false information..everyone can fit in the state of Alaska..it's only cuz we do not respect nature anymore..and the population is dropping bad..China lose more then 1million people a year.
Keep pumping fear to the mass.👎🏾. but fail to mention it’s the rich elite destroying the earth
From reading the comments,  I can tell everyone of you are very young. These so-called scientists don’t have a clue. Please stop believing what they’re saying and educate yourself.
DEBUNKED. Why is GOOGLE spreading disinformation?
Lies lies lies
Such a lie. God alone sustains the earth and those scientists are full of bologna
Those “scientists” have no clue what they’re talking about.
You do realize that the suposed expert has been claiming this would happen  SINCE 1958. YES 1958.
this environmental change is just wrong, and our world is not warming because of Carbon period. Repeat our world is not warming because of carbon. Hope thaty I can make that abundantly clear to you people. Carbon is a lie from global extremists because they want to lock down America tosy, and in the past they wanted to approve global warming Legislation, and carbon has nothing to do with nothing. We do not need to do anything for our environment period. We should take care of our world like cleanup trash yes, but to go green and save energy we do mnto have to do that, and I will use a gun if I have to to defend my rights --- I won't let them tell me the amount of water that I am entitles to, or I will do as much driving as I want, and I won't put up with anymore of these crazy unconstitutuonal laws because enough is enough of this extreme wokism.   The world is warming because of Noah's World-wide Flood where the Hydrogen Metalic Canopy came down and that's where the ice age began, and came into the world because of the flood, and the canopy coming down: that's why animals were much larger, Spiders 4 or 5 feet long. Adam was 30 feet tall. but our world was a Tropical world wide before the flood. Just listen to the creation scientistsc curt Wise or others they'll tell you. And they'll tell you that God designed this world, and evolution is false. The Globalists don't want you to know this because they have an agenda. they indoctrinate our kids in science in our public tax payer schools, and so it;s up to you whether you want to do something about it because our constitution is at stake here. God luck, and god help us all because of our cowardly passive attitude for what is going on under our noses. Carbon has nothing to do with it because it's all a lie.. Just like our fake news media outlets of today, and it's all about money: are you going to let money get in between our kids and our families, and our future from these mad-men who have this crazy alarmists (craziness)..
Controlling human population IS the key to solving climate change..  it has NOTHING to do with fossil fuels!
Just a gut feeling but I think we're in serious trouble.
Now go buy a Tesla, Starbucks, and order some foreign made stuff from Amazon.
Not hard to reroute all funding to building habitats for animals and housing for homeless and farms to sustain each city. Wars aren’t worth going extinct over
Is it just me, or is this guy's voice therapeutic? I feel relaxed.
Sounds like more globalist global warming propaganda to me.  These tools (like al gore) love to make their ridiculous predictions.
DEMOCRATS
Death Stranding
We are not the first, nor will we be the last, sentient creatures to inhabit this planet. Many have come and all are now silent. If we don't change or thinking and actions...others will come after we are gone.   This may sound like a dire prediction but if you only look at all great human civilizations from the past.... they • are • extinct.
Humans (especially Republicans) don’t give a crap about any of this type of stuff. They don’t care what future generations will have to deal with. Just greed, greed, greed, and companies can do whatever they want regarding draining resources dry and polluting on top of it. Profits, profits, profits, Capitalism.
How about our governemnt stop encouraging people to have dozens of children they can't support just to end up on food stamps and welfare.  Oh, i know why.  Its because they want more votes.  We deserve whatever mother nature has cooked up for us.  We earned it.
He switched to crab  from salmon fishing. Think about itt.
Massively disturbing!! 🙀
Scott Pelley Has been wrong for 50 decades
Someone show this to Nick cannon
They are destroying property in Ukraine because NATO doesn't allow peace talks
Well Biden is planning on starving hundreds of millions to death in short order so that is a start.
A scientist? With a warning?! What?! That doesn't sit quite right with me, I think I'm gonna ignore it. Trust me guys, I've lived through many extinction events. We're gonna be fine. Did I also mention I'm an expert on ecosystems and wildlife? I went to my local forest that hasn't been tampered with in any way, and saw a deer! So in conclusion, wildlife is flourishing! So yeah, you shouldn't listen to or show any concern to what this "Scientist" is saying. It doesn't line up with anything I have perceived, so therefore, not real.
And what is Biden and the gov doing?  letting immigrants come here! Ughhh. DO YOUR JOBS.  People GROW UP and open your eyes. 🦁.  Too many over weight here also. And just look at 11:53 🤦‍♀️, wtf? Control your undiciplined selves. Way too many kids.  The gov needs to do their job.
PNW if full of people who have exploited their environment and people on a macro scale, yet now possess the hubris to stand on a pile of homeless and tell others how to live their lives.  The hold up a sign screaming "save the whales" on one hand, and are quietly leveraging and purchasing neighbor Alaska's natural wealth with the other.
You people 😢
Sadly, our current political environment combined with the general emotional intelligence of people in this country make it impossible to get the cooperation and mature decisions that need to be made to effectively combat this.  With that said I am perfectly fine with the way humanity is right now and I hope it goes down the road I think it will and goes extinct.  We are nothing more than a virus on this earth.  Considering how we treat each other, we are not just a virus to the earth, we are a virus to each other.
Are we on the list?  Put me back in.
Just like the story the old man tells in the film, Apocalypto…  And a Man sat alone, drenched deep in sadness. And all the animals drew near to him and said, "We do not like to see you so sad. Ask us for whatever you wish and you shall have it." The Man said, "I want to have good sight." The vulture replied, "You shall have mine." The Man said, "I want to be strong." The jaguar said, "You shall be strong like me." Then the Man said, "I long to know the secrets of the earth." The serpent replied, "I will show them to you." And so it went with all the animals. And when the Man had all the gifts that they could give, he left. Then the owl said to the other animals, "Now the Man knows much, he'll be able to do many things. Suddenly I am afraid." The deer said, "The Man has all that he needs. Now his sadness will stop." But the owl replied, "No. I saw a hole in the Man, deep like a hunger he will never fill. It is what makes him sad and what makes him want. He will go on taking and taking, until one day the World will say, 'I am no more and I have nothing left to give.'"
11 billion .
About 1970. Let that sink in
"Journalist": A now extinct form of human that once reported actual news.
"Scientist": A person who is paid to make educated guesses.
Ehrlich has been making catastrophic predictions for decades and none of them have come true.
Sad but true. Reproduction by all cost should be the words of the day🙌🏾
Where do the majority of the people on earth live? Therefore who is consuming the most food and putting out the most garbage? Hint, it's not the United States of America.
History will show in the future (if there`s any population by then) that humans are their worst enemy and altough being part of the creation (planet, universe) humans are destructive by means of its mass, so much that humans of this era are exerting a progressive self destruction. But the planet will survive after humans and other species will emerge (maybe that has happened many millions of years before humans, who knows).
Y’all believe this? lol #2030
Most government predictions have been wrong. In the 1970s Jimmy Carter said that we'd run out of oil by the year 2000 we have more oil in the United States today than ever before. Who is the early 1900s when they said we were going to run out of oil the first time. Why is it the founder of The weather channel said climate change is a hoax? It's communist and socialistic countries that are the problem. China has done billions of tons of plastic into the ocean. They're coal fire plants are not clean they do not have scrubbers in them they pollute the air and the water. And they are notorious when it comes to overfishing in the ocean these resources are not unlimited. All Al Gore's prediction have not come to pass he owns a house on the ocean so does Obama so does John Kerry if they're so afraid of the ocean's rising why would they own homes there? They made a fortune on predicting doom and gloom. And yet they jet around on their private planes burning more carbon in an hour than the average home would burn in a year.
This is why we maybe need martial law to remind us how much the way of our life can cause a global mass extinction
Yeah it's a problem but what are the solutions? The powerful will use this to control the behavior of the poor while they fly their jets and live in their oversized homes. All the people who agree with this what are you doing to change the outcome?
Mama Nature loves Dada. Not MAn as Ma. What does he have to offer Mama Nature by becoming the image of Mama?
The systems the support our life’s is broken is not like earth can support all of us we created rules that makes life on earth difficult the 8h or 10h work load is creating a mass production. if people had more time to enjoy life with their  love ones they would be doing more great things to the earth then damages, people would have time to grow their own food, raising more animals and things. But we don’t do it because if we don’t move to where all the money is located we end up starving that’s the reason why earth is having difficulty supporting all of us, we all located in the same area it’s normal that all the resources supporting those areas will not last forever and it will be consumed faster
🤣🤳🤡s
Thanks to big Pharma..
There is a way to fix this, a virus that no vaccine will cure that will take humans off the Earth ,the only way out
Being that it's very unlikely to stop humanity's need for self-interest, the only realistic way to stop mass extinction would be with a plague. One capable of reducing current Human population under two-billion. While most will scoff at that solution by saying "sure you first", consider what the world will be like in 100 years if we continue on our current path. Everything from mass unemployment, starvation, migration, disease(s), social collapse, and World War are all 100% likely. Meanwhile, the rich and powerful will continue to live the good life at the expense of everyone and everything else.
I thought 60 Minutes didn't put anything up that they couldn't "prove" 🤔
Of course there vanishing we cut an burn down where they live let alone all the pollution let's not forget poaching an a whole slew of other things
People should understand that the United States is vulnerable. North America has had a much more unstable climate in the past. Water resources are currently strained in the Southwest. A population of 203 million people in 1970, now at 331 million and growing.
Implement Jacque Frescoe’s ideas to save the planet and humanity.  Utopian life is not an option but a well planned way of living is crucial!  With all we have, THIS is not the absolute best we can do.  Jacque Frescoe has the best solution for humanity to succeed and all of life to thrive in a harmonious and well planned lifestyle.  Humanity is on this continuum of rinsing and repeating the same catastrophic events while expecting different results without recognizing the insanity of it all!   We have enough evidence to understand where our decisions are taking us.  Time to do this life thing with purpose instead of just flailing around Willy nilly and just hoping a savior is coming to fix it all!
Hard to believe how many people buy this crap
Are the humans on the list of the extinction?
Cognitive Dissonance. When the ship you are on is sinking and your only thought is 'oh that's sad'. The human race will, after its way too late, finally decide to do the hard work and change. But it is already too late because the carbon cycle is estimated to be between 300-1000 years which means all the excess carbon in the atmosphere now would take another 5 generations, at minimum, to drop back to pre-industrial levels, and that is only if all carbon being put into the atmosphere right now were to cease immediately.   It is possible, though extremely unlikely to happen, that if the entire human race started building atmosphere cleansing machines on the scale that you see in the movie Aliens, where they would constantly be pulling hundreds or thousands of tons of CO2 out of the atmosphere all over the world and burying the carbon in the ground that this could be reversed. Any bets on that happening, ever.
Yeah and it's because of a vaccine this  time.
Alaska has the last and ONLY fully natural Salmon spawning habitat left on the planet…Bristol Bay.  When you disrupt their spawning habitat they NEVER return!!  Pebble Mine is trying to destroy the last and only natural Salmon spawning habitat left on the planet!!   STOP PEBBLE MINE!  SAVE BRISTOL BAY!  It is a WORLD TREASURE!  It still produces 49% of the World’s Wild Sockeye Salmon!   Farmed Salmon is mushy and not the same!  Buy fresh Alaska Wild Salmon!  Bristol Bay still has record returns because it is managed so well.   Until they can get the Salmon to return to these rivers Bristol Bay MUST BE PROTECTED from Pebble Mine!
The sad part is that the plant and animal world will suffer even worse as human's food supply dwindles. Humans will eat anything and everything to survive, until everything is essentially gone except humans. Then, as the human population dies off, Earth will heal itself. As Pogo so eloquently said: We have met the enemy and he is us.
Same people that thought Y2K was going to cause a massive computer failure
The leadership laid us down this road not paying attention to Mother Earth The ancient this greed and we are at the end of the AGE tell the truth main media
🤦🏽‍♂️
Nobody reports on the deliberate poisoning of our waterways by local officials killing off fish to force people off the land and into city centers. Humanity is sustainable. Dudes in suits walking around New York.. not so much. At the end of the day, I’ll still be here.. living off the grid.. helping my fellow people of the world. Propaganda videos suck
Take a look at these creatures sitting here all comfortably dressed somewhere out with the nice air and laying all around them and they're killing themselves because all they care about is but we got to keep getting it but the green dollar green dollar we got to get a buck
Seems to me that greed is the problem big pharmacy. Big corps
Too much consumption or too much waste?
Repent and believe in Jesus Christ ❤
When I fly on an airplane, I see miles and miles and miles of land that hasn’t even been touched. So to hear this over population is an agenda and foolish to believe. I really like 60 min but cone on. Earth is to large to over populate. Sorry don’t believe this story.
We still have a lot of space in my state. What we have is a mix of judgment and intentional destruction. We are very wasteful people, but talk about the people that are dropping dead all of a sudden! I am pretty sure they are not going to discuss that matter.
I find it interesting that if you take all the people of the world and put them in the state of Rhode Island...each person would have about 4 square feet to stand in!
Have flown over the States. Endless resources for Autonomous living. City Planners killed the country side. Not people
I'm no engineer but aren't there giant filtration machines that could filter saltwater into fresh water from the ocean and pour it into the West Coast?
60 minutes should go extinct for the benefit of mankind
Senn too much destruction of nature wilderness and small family dairies, farms megalithic factory farms. Problem is and was greed and over consumption of Earth's resources consume and destroy for pleasures. The once Great Pacific Flyway from Alaska to South America has been  gone for decades now.vconcreted over the rivers creeks streams wetlands California. Native plants trees and wildlife all but gone. When it rains can't go into the ocean anymore because it is poison. Shame
War war 3 was to happened in order to control humanities population or let covid-19 takes it's path
Stop overpopulating the world with your children and think about the future. Do we really need to have so many kids? No. Educate, allow planned parenthood and other organizations to operate, and be reasonable. 🌎
Too many greedy people you mean. It's all being done on purpose.
Industrial manufacturing is killing the planet not population. Deforestation is occurring because large corporations have taken over the real estate. Indigenous peoples in Brazil are trying to stop Deforestation. Deforestation has caused starvation, human displacement and, rapid destruction of the ecosystem. Industrialization has also poisoned the oceans, lakes, rivers, and streams. It is not population. It is Industrialization.
The earth is flat and its gonna flip!!!. Lol JK
No such thing as "climate change". All a grift to steal your tax dollars...
Human population is actually decreasing in many places.
It's funny how Elon Musk says the exact opposite.
I was gonna say then prove the industry will die, but that would just drive demand.
As a kid somehow l new this was the 6th time around.
no it's not
I guess Jerry Brown shouldn't have dumped all of that nice rain water and snow pack water into the ocean. Probably would have been a better idea if he had given it to the farmers and the people of the state so that the farmers didn't have to exhaust their Wells Etc. It would have also been nice if California hadn't made environmental laws that prevented homeowners and property owners from maintaining their property thus creating the environment for massive forest fires that have devastated the wildlife in California.
Too much waste too. There is too that is just thrown away. You can thank the pharma companies. We need to let the population thin out naturally.
theres plently of veggies to be had, including my lawn...
This is why I don't like humanity.
1970 huh? The scientists huh? Yep. Trust the experts!🤬🤣🤬
Utter propaganda. I cannot believe a single sane, rational person believes a word of this garbage.
I absolutely believe that we are experiencing a calamity, and that overpopulation is a huge problem. But let’s add some perspective to this, just so we have a complete picture:  From a Reddit thread: “Paul Ehrlich is the same Prof that wrote THE POPULATION BOMB that argued by the end of 1970 society would collapse from human over-population. He argued then that if voluntary sterilization wasn't taken up, Governments would have to sterilize people involuntarily. We now know we're on the cusp of the opposite problem. Prof Ehrlich also opposed Nuclear Energy, as cheap and clean power would only result in our having more children.  He further predicted that DDT and other chemicals would reduce the Life expectancy in the United States to 42 years old.  He further argued in defense of climate change and global warming as a way to reduce the effects of the ozone deteriorating.  Really, five Earths? Climate Change is real, but there's some basic lack of math skills and science skills to make a claim like five Earths needed to sustain humanity. The Earth is robust, and the actual land mass occupied by humans is .03%. Humans certainly have killed off our fair-share of species, and so has every other Apex predator that rose to power.  I'm often wrong, but in my opinion, the fear-mongering never helps get people who are on the fence or 'rolling coal' to be swayed. They seem to harden further into their opinions that so long as they keep the blinders on, it's just not happening. I've only ever seen someone convinced, by saying hey walk more, recycle, compost, little things will make a difference and we'll make the air more breathable. The humans are evil and this is the end of the world crowd, they just don't seem to sway people and make them defend their own points of view further.”
"Scientific" Veracity is a Joke Now as at Least the Brighter 1/2 of the Population have Seen through the CO2 and Global Warming/ Climate Change, Bad Oil SCAMS. You have Cried "Wolf" and We are ignoring your Noise.
hope cartels are put in money too
Lol wtf is this nonsense? climate alarmism 🥱
People just go listen to Elon Musk comments recently we have an underpopulation problem not an overpopulation problem just look at China they can now have three kids where they used to just have one in Japan they have a serious problem of getting it on in the bedroom it's almost non-existent the birthrate there
All lies
They over fished.  Simply put.  Greed overcame common sense
And right-wing political parties around the world deny climate change and want MORE of the natural world destroyed
In about 40 years, I think the human population will actually drop a bit because in a lot of countries, a very very large percentage of the population is senior citizens. Like in China, who is mostly senior citizens, and is the largest population in the world.
Wow😮. Very scary !  Read The 6th Extinction by Elizabeth Colbert
WTF??
This is why we need our Fossil fuels more than ever now....We can't run our World on Windmills, batteries and Solar Panels....
it is 9 b already. too many uncounted people.
Is this about conservation or climate change?
What makes this possible?  The expansion of credit.  An endless supply of fiat and a limited number of resources.
He was wrong in 1968, and he's wrong again. He just wants to be famous.  Don't worry; be happy!!  Carpe Diem!
This just breaks my heart.  I live in the middle of NY state, and the amount of trees I saw cut down the past few years just around where  I live is astounding. We've known about this for decades. The greed of people all over the World will be our downfall. This is man-made, and so very sad.
Ok start with China and India they have 2 billion people each
This was an excellent segment, yet so heartbreaking.
The US and other countries simply are not doing enough to stop climate change/global warming, and maintaining habitat for the planets wildlife. Producing a few electric vehicles is not going to have any significant impact on climate change while large industries are still reliant on fossil fuels and are still cranking out mass amounts pollution into our atmosphere. Rain forests in South American countries ie, the amazon, are still being leveled. The thawing of permafrost above the arctic circle is releasing huge amounts of carbon dioxide and methane gas into the atmosphere which are the worst greenhouse gases on the planet. We are past the tipping point! The biggest question today is how long do we have until all living mammals, of which human beings are just one, on this planet go extinct? It's much shorter than you may think.  The United States has been sitting on and suppressing technology which could have freed this country, and world for that matter, for at least the past 72 years. It would have freed the entire planet's reliance on natural gas, oil, gasoline, coal,and even nuclear power! The Unacknowledged Special Access Projects in the US have possession of the technology, and past and present Presidents cannot gain access to the technology. Some have tried, but have been told they "do not have a need to know." It makes one wonder who exactly is running this country. Lockheed-Martin Skunkworks is just one entity who knows, and they are not talking!!
This "top scientist" also spouted off this misinformation in 1965!  He was wrong then, and has been wrong about everything since then.  He also claims it "will take 5 more Earth's to continue our lifestyle"  well, he said "his and the interviewers lifestyle" actually.  Sounds like their lifestyle is out of hand!
Rudolf steiner said this ....that this epoch will be destroyed by air ....pollution ,Wuhan covid , stupid talk ,talk ,talk
I have the same concern they have but they talk the talk and should all set example and walk the talk. Live using only the resources you need to live or raise a family or conduct biz. Teach our young the true difference between wants and needs.
We need to build additional pylons!
Earth was never intended to be eternally “sustainable” without periodic resets. We are not here to make earth a utopia. Earth is a school, not “heaven.”
So, CBS is back to reminding us that global depopulation is the only solution, but we well know that this has been the Globalist plan since the 1960s! Is it any wonder that we experienced the Covid pandemic when we did? Just what will they employ next to prevent population growth?
Do not worry, the almighty will not let us destroy his creation, no matter how much we try.
"wealthy donors", willing to pay money so the farms can still provide THEM with EVER more scarce and expensive food, while the poorest starve in the cold. Maybe the, "wealthy donors", could use money to make integrated gardens for first world nations to produce their own food? So the first world doesn't have to WASTE energy, and time shipping the food in? Or maybe that would cripple their monopoly on food...cough...cough Kroger....cough...cough...Amazon.  Stop letting wealthy people who own all of the food, and transportation of food, and energy to make and ship the food...tell you that there's an energy and food shortage while they give private jet rides to hookers... There's a tyrant problem, and the tyrants name is big business and big government working in cooperation...to take more then their fair share. While not offering equal amounts of representation in return.  Speak up for yourself by growing your own food, and supporting local to your city businesses. Make your community independent and strong.  Remove the need for a federal safety net. Make the city and community, THEIR OWN SAFETY NET. You don't need somebody to do it for you. Just stop listening to them, and do it for yourself.
Incoming planetary system check out my what's really happening playlists...
So we're gonna continue to bash the united States and other western countries when China, Russia and even Nigeria are causing more destruction than all the western world combined. The united States wastes food and burns gasoline and oil for our over car dependency, that's a far cry from dumping ship loads of retired refrigerant into the ocean, burning as much coal as possible and literally painting the mountains and hills green with actual spray paint. Hold those nations more accountable and then the problem will be resolved.
“Human beings are a disease, a cancer of this planet. You're a plague and we… are the cure.”   - Agent Smith  But seriously and speaking from 1st hand experience, why isn’t anyone condemning the Asian longline fishing fleets, that have destroyed so many west coast fisheries?
I live in the Southern US and the decline in bird populations and pollinating insects is very alarming and sad. I remember just a few years ago we’d have so many birds everywhere it was just normal and insects too but now they are all gone 😭
😩🤬
Did anyone see Taylor Swifts new outfit?
Hopefully it takes Trump and all the other Republicans!
"I had 5 fishing boats", fortunately all the fish he took allowed him to make, "backups on backups on backups", as he put it.  Yet the wealthiest of us will demand resource management and restrictions on the poorest, who already have nothing while the wealthiest often misuse the resources the most. How many plastic bottles, fine salmon dining, and jet rides do you think the owners of 60 minutes consumed just to produce this episode? THEY wasted a bunch of the Earth's resources to tell YOU and MOST OF EVERYBODY ELSE, "you do not belong here, because you're wasting the Earth's resources". You think...if they were ACTUALLY concerned they'd put electrical energy into fixing the issue rather than telling you, you're not supposed to be here.
I slept in a park in Honolulu for a couple of weeks until I started getting kicked out by police but I noticed that they spray the grass everywhere with sprinkler systems at night that have some kind of chemicals in the water I suppose to keep the grass green and insect-free but the park doesn't have any drinking water in the drinking fountains so who are they exactly trying to please by keeping the grass green and the bugs off of it? Doctors who will have to treat chemical rashes on people's bodies who took naps on the grass during the day?!
Now Bill Gates will GMO our country and put the rest of the farmers out of business because his GMO crops will pollinate everything else. The farmers can’t sell it because they don’t own the patent. The farmers need to come together worldwide and stop this.  It’s kind of like how Fauci invented Covid and charges everybody for a cure
We all know there will be no mass extinction. The rapture will happen and there will be a 7 year tribulation.
No there's extinction because of too much poultions not  to much people  We have a steady decline of people being born so we good on people
Humanity needs to get rid of its greed and waste
They've been saying this B.S. for 55 years since I was a kid...none of it came true, in the 70s scientists were saying we're headed into a new Ice Age.
The answer is all ready here.   Covid 19,  XBB  1.5 (subvariant)  Were purposely released into population for the very reason we are facing "Overpopulation".     There is only so much land, food and water to sustain so many.   And we have far exceeded that.   Many think that trusting "Governments" with anti Covid 19 is going to help.  NOT!   Get ready for what comes next!   And we treat the oceans and lands like some sort of landfill toilet.
ban -  R O U N D U P    -   lots of wildlife, not just birds, depend on insects for food - I remember when folks had to spend time and money on bug remover for their car's grill...
Very few people actually realise how many true wonders sorrrounds  them at any given minute of their lives. Wherever you look, either very far from earth  or on it ,you are seeing a huge  mechanism in motion. Starting from molecular level where laws of physics are completely alien to what we know as reality. And ending on supersized black holes which are the biggest "things" in the known universe reaching masses exceeding 2,5 billion of our sun's condensed so tightly that even light cannot escape.  So considering the humongous multiverse of species on our planet and others of which we just don't know about "yet" ( we are closer to discovering a habitable planets, than ever). It would be selfish to think that we are alone in this universe first of all, but it would be even more selfish of us to think that, anyone is going to miss us even if our planet disappeared just now. ???? My advise to people who worry about mass extinction, should stop worrying ,because life will go on, tough disturbed a touch by the atrocities caused by human kind, atrocities against nature itself. !!! I'm 100% sure that most of you think that we  outsmarted nature by building shelters managing to escape from elements and overcoming many " problems" of life. I have to disappointed some of you by gentle reminder YOU ARE PART OF THIS MECHANISM wether you like or not, and if one species is extinct it will cause a little stir in the habitat, but the habitat will recover and simply go on living. So why are people panicking? I think I understand why 🤭🤭🤭 because it will affect themselves 🤣🤣🤣  Maybe it's time to learn something because at the end of the day we are just another  species.  I will be glad so so much when nature starts to spit back on us, I will be glad that our civilisation we are used to, will not survive. Maybe then you will see your mistake.  So eat  your excrement empty headed fools
Sadly, we as a species don't care!! Most people don't care!! The Message is to "Celebrate Christmas, Celebrate Thanksgiving!" so people buy all this crap to decorate their homes and buy gifts that no one needs and most can't even afford to buy even though we all know the earth takes it on the chin with most of it going to the landfill or dumped just off the road, eventually and the economy is in a bad state. People have got a bad relationship with money, guilt and denialism....and not living in reality of this very message.  Why do we have so many Dollar Stores filled with throw away junk and why do we need 20 different types of bacon or 20 different types of cheddar cheese???
The cause is never overfishing, of course.
You look at Africa where many live on nothing when the continent is rich.
I think we can put the blame for the destruction squarely at the feet of capitalism. Capitalism does not have the word sustainability in its dictionary. And I have always said that the world needs to be brought down to 2 billion people if there is going to be any long-term future for humanity. I feel that far too many people are allowed to have children who are incapable of actually taking care of them properly.
Totally agree.  Look how no one wants to cut back on Colorado river use as Lake Mead dries up.  We hope and pray for more rain/snow melt but how about a plan first before the praying.  Our water is so polluted we need desal plants anyway.  Middle East using desal for decades.  California becoming more practice with 16 new desal plants.  We need plans not hopes.  Oil, air, freshwater, etc., all finite.  3rd world nations are just stating their polluting Industrial Revolution.  USA has much of its manufacturing moved to China, Vietnam, etc., but we all end up breathing and drinking the same water.
The WEF is killing us off right now....
Money money money, its so funny in a rich mans world….
what a bunch of crap. if our governments would stop trying to alter our weather we would have plenty of food
Two days into 2023 and science is like "we dying y'all"
I don't think it's people because every day someone is dieing or getting killed and look what they did ,talking about the virus
Paul Erlich has been WRONG about EVERYTHING  for over 6 decades.  Yeah... leave it to 60 minutes to feed us his crap.  And if 60 Minutes would have done their research, they would have learned about the Judge Bolt decision handed down in the early 1970s which handed over ALL salmon fishing on the coast of Washington State to the tribes. That's why fishing "seasons" turned into fishing "days".   And if they would have dug further, they would have found the abuses of salmon fishing BY the west coast tribes.
I like that paying people not to farm to save the forests
Lets deforest the land and put up solar panel fields. It's happening.
Well when they create superbugs and build Nuclear power plants on earthquake faults what do they expect. Its all by design.
We may be the fist generation to see the consequences of climate change and the last generation to see this beautiful earth. We have to save our planet at any cost and start our work from today, tomorrow will be already late.
The problem is nobody cares for the world
I grew up Hawaii, 50’s-80’s.  Rare flying fish and dolphins, now.  Many beaches now underwater or coastal erosion.  10 year drought presently.  Less trade winds as well as wind direction changes more East vs northeast winds.
MOTHER NATURE will take vengeance when she's had it with humanity and our ignorance (Period)!!🤔
Time to wake up then??? Peace.
Impossible. Half this earth hasn’t been touched.
“We’re just a virus with shoes.” - Bill Hicks  Whatever happens, mankind will deserve it.
This program brought to you by the world economic forum and the Gates foundation.
People SUCK.
Isaiah 24  The Lord’s Devastation of the Earth  24 See, the Lord is going to lay waste the earth     and devastate it; he will ruin its face     and scatter its inhabitants— 2 it will be the same     for priest as for people,     for the master as for his servant,     for the mistress as for her servant,     for seller as for buyer,     for borrower as for lender,     for debtor as for creditor. 3 The earth will be completely laid waste     and totally plundered. The Lord has spoken this word.  4 The earth dries up and withers,     the world languishes and withers,     the heavens languish with the earth. 5 The earth is defiled by its people;     they have disobeyed the laws, violated the statutes     and broken the everlasting covenant. 6 Therefore a curse consumes the earth;     its people must bear their guilt. Therefore earth’s inhabitants are burned up,     and very few are left. 7 The new wine dries up and the vine withers;     all the merrymakers groan. 8 The joyful timbrels are stilled,     the noise of the revelers has stopped,     the joyful harp is silent. 9 No longer do they drink wine with a song;     the beer is bitter to its drinkers. 10 The ruined city lies desolate;     the entrance to every house is barred. 11 In the streets they cry out for wine;     all joy turns to gloom,     all joyful sounds are banished from the earth. 12 The city is left in ruins,     its gate is battered to pieces. 13 So will it be on the earth     and among the nations, as when an olive tree is beaten,     or as when gleanings are left after the grape harvest.  14 They raise their voices, they shout for joy;     from the west they acclaim the Lord’s majesty. 15 Therefore in the east give glory to the Lord;     exalt the name of the Lord, the God of Israel,     in the islands of the sea. 16 From the ends of the earth we hear singing:     “Glory to the Righteous One.”  But I said, “I waste away, I waste away!     Woe to me! The treacherous betray!     With treachery the treacherous betray!” 17 Terror and pit and snare await you,     people of the earth. 18 Whoever flees at the sound of terror     will fall into a pit; whoever climbs out of the pit     will be caught in a snare.  The floodgates of the heavens are opened,     the foundations of the earth shake. 19 The earth is broken up,     the earth is split asunder,     the earth is violently shaken. 20 The earth reels like a drunkard,     it sways like a hut in the wind; so heavy upon it is the guilt of its rebellion     that it falls—never to rise again.
To be or to be, that is no longer a question. The train of destruction and doom left the station a long time ago and the future of man is bleak.
If you're alarmed long enough, eventually something will happen to convince you of your fear.
BAN FARMING NOW!!
Bullsh!t.  Step outside and see how much wide open unpopulated land there is and realize that if you grow your own food this earth can sustain us all with abundance. #EndTheFed
Good
He is absolutely right; too many people, too much consumption and growth mania plus too much human waste which 80% goes into the ocean.  Wildlife will be ending as matter of time and human still keep making babies after babies.
Just like any living thing once u scrape all the skin off it becomes scabes an it dies
its gonna stop , humans a parasites
In true 60 minutes journalist ( activist ) fashion they failed to give a conflicting opinion....They wonder why logical people have a hard time trusting them.
Maybe Thanos had a point.
as long as it doesn't affect my uber eats.
maybe its all the useless buildings that are sitting everywhere empty?why must we keep expanding for whaatt???
And I might add; I will never forgive man for destroying so many birds...never!
t's already too late for the human species. We're dead already and don't see it. It's just too bad the mass extinction didn't begin with us going first, then perhaps the life forms that will precede us would have had a chance.
The solution is simply; reduce the population and relocate humanity to preserves and return at least 30-40% of the land to nature.   Presumably if we don't choose to do so, nature will; and it is in the process, deep into the process to do so!  Global Climate Change, resource depletion, mass extinction of so many species man needs for its own survival,  So, how to get there?  Wellm clip the tubes of every man at birth, preserving sperm for banks.  decide on a population of say 3 Billion. divide that by the average life span of say 70 years and have that many children born from artificail insemination equally each day adjusted by the death rate that deviates from the expected number and after the current generations pass on the population will stabilize.  Finally give over the southern hemisphere to nature!  Africa, South America, Austrailia abandened by man ... what a relief!  Also, unfortunately; end all economic activity of our oceans: fishing, oil and gas extraction, etc.  and saved.
Solution is simple, not easy. LESS PEOPLE. COVID was being engineered to help, but got out too early in the process. Oops.
It takes real leaders to fix this problem and that has never happened you think the rich cat's in the White House care about any of this if it doesn't put dollars in their pockets they don't care.
What happened to the descendants of those wacky practitioners of medieval medical procedures … they’re promoting man made climate armageddon.
The Earth has been changing ever since the beginning of time and it's going to continue to change even after mankind has gone just live life and be happy climate change for global warming as it was called when I was growing up is nothing but a way for scientists to get money politicians to get money and whacked green companies to get money
It doesn’t take a scientist to feel and know what’s happening. I can feel it in my soul. A lot of people will think I’m nuts but that’s alright. Jesus is on His way. It’s just a matter of time. Of course, it always has been. But today, today we’re reeeeally close! Look around us and look up! The signs are happening left and right. We have to do better and look at ourselves and change our ways. If it’s toxic or hurting you or someone else, stop it. Worrying, gossiping, manipulating, lying, whatever the case may be, just stop. Love your neighbor (that includes everyone, not just literally your neighbor), love your family even when you don’t want to. Pray for them. Do these things until you can’t anymore, no matter how you feel or how badly you don’t want to. We need more love, not hate. The way we’re going isn’t working. Idk if it’s too late but I can feel something in my soul. This is it. As cliche as it sounds, the end is near. Since 2020, nothing should surprise us. Praying for us all ❤
People don’t like tress because they make a mess so they prune down trees to bare main limbs. Used to have a lot of hummingbirds - heard them chirping at night but not now with over pruned trees. People didn’t like the mess the swallows made in San Juan Capistrano so they would destroy their nests.
A scientist’s word is about as good as a fortune teller’s word at this point.
When the question, “Is it too much to say, that we’re killing the planet?” was asked … and she said, “No.” … her credibility departure hit light speed. Few love hyperbole and fact-massaging, as much as 60 Minutes.
There's not too many people - it's the current way of life thing that's the problem.  Many of today's systems on this planet are obviously broken and this is what needs to be worked on.
Propaganda gets so tiring.
An era of extinction and evolution
That's why the 70s are noted as the best time on earth
How about a story on the coming micronova. The 12000 year cycle.
I think the conversation needs to point out many leaders still claiming population is not out of control. Until we get leaders to educate everyone on the truth and start to make laws to protect wildlife and to curb population for the greater good of all humanity or the human race will also go the way of do do as well.
Only the strong survive
We killed those bears to save human lives
When I was a child I remember the dinosaurs that would graze along the river banks and swamps of the everglades. Over the years they  slowly suffocated by bs articles about global warming and climate change. It wasn't the climate that killed them it was the fear mongering...
Used to be dozens of deer around my neighborhood every day, very rare to see a few now. 100,000 dragonfly’s in the creek next to the highway, no more near here now that they’ve cleared so many trees near the highway and for the oil pipeline. The Dollar General continues to rapidly increase plastic content in the soil around it.
I believe that the real problem is not humans, but human greed.
LIE!!! God said “be fruitful and multiply” He did not give any other command
We need to , properly conserve the water that's in the reservoirs put in fish ladders and fish hatcheries not only for the salmon but for the bait fish that the salmon and the birds eat the Herring and the smell are also disappearing the Great lakes used to be loaded with salmon and they rebound it from transplanted salmon through the fish ash trees same with the wild turkey, 59 through the early 60s Wellesley Island and Messina help catch and transport as a kid turkey to reestablish populations across the country they  flourish now, it's a matter of preserving the nooks and crannies of society including the wildlife wild spaces Dover reliance on herbicide especially and pesticide is detrimental to nature and mankind so it's a supper aerosol spraying that they now admit it to that they've been manipulating the weather for 30 years claiming it's the cool the planet knowingly it changes the weather patterns and warms it, by deplete in the ozone layer further and adding to the greenhouse effect 🙏
It's almost as if something for the past 200 years is producing pollution and destroy environments 🤔
Haha.........Total B.S.
I worked at a Seafood Company for decades and watched the local fishing get kicked out by overseas purchasing of seafood from ponds instead of local caught seafood. The seafood was there it just wasn’t being bought anymore so why fish if you can’t sell it?
"humans have taken over 70% of the planet's land." I have a feeling this statement is a bit misleading.
I'd like to see the amount of dislikes on this video.
OK  👌yeah yeah yeah rite rite rite sure sure sure.  It's  FATHER GODS judgment is what's  up and all shall see  👀 FATHER GODS hand moving on mankind.  Jesus christ is lord  John:316 .repent while there's still time.  Hang on more to come.
The Scientist has been wrong on nearly everything he has claimed in the past. So he all of a sudden gets it right? I think not.
God is jealous, and the LORD revengeth; the LORD revengeth, and is furious; the LORD will take vengeance on his adversaries, and he reserveth wrath for his enemies. The LORD is slow to anger, and great in power, and will not at all acquit the wicked: the LORD hath his way in the whirlwind and in the storm, and the clouds are the dust of his feet. Nahum 1:2‭-‬3
A lot of diseases coming to wipe out humans coming….watch!
I would love to prevent the mass extinction but it seems impossible due to the laws and ultra rich. I don't have the freedom to do something for nature. The rich posses the land, and you can't afford to buy land in order to improve the situation. And I kind of gave up, because of these laws, and how complicated everything have become.
Population control or the next Ice Age. It’s up to us.
I finished high school in 1972. All they ever talked about was how our lives would change by overpopulation. They were right!🎎
When the ignorant refute Science  and hate "Government," sadly, . . .
When the ignorant refute Science  and hate "Government," sadly, . . .  600 Million Infections (in Only  the last 3 Weeks in China)  =>  600 Million "Gain of Function" opportunities => Plenty of "New'  Variant"S"  that are in process of  going Viral/Endemic/Pandemic (ie. Global).  Hysteria was the correct first thing out of the bag. Now, we have to resign  ourselves to the evolution of the Virus. Impossible to herd the cat/SS..S now.
the only way to salvation is Jesus Christ Acts 2:38 Then Peter said unto them, Repent, and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins, and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost.  Thieves will not inherit god’s kingdom 1 Corinthians 6:9-10  9Know ye not that the unrighteous shall not inherit the kingdom of God? Be not deceived: neither fornicators, nor idolaters, nor adulterers, nor effeminate, nor abusers of themselves with mankind, 10Nor thieves, nor covetous, nor drunkards, nor revilers, nor extortioners, shall inherit the kingdom of God.  Revelation 21: 8 But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.
the clue is in the title ,,6th mass extinction means we the people and animals will die but the earth will repair re-nature and start again for the 6th time even if it takes 1million years which is a short nap for the age of the earth ... so we are just destroying ourselves and there is not much can stop it , the ball is already rolling ..... people just wont change to make a huge difference .... so enjoy this beautifull earth while you can and do your share of helping humanity in its final  few hundred years
I feel like if we were to make at least half of the world to be wild/full of trees and wildlife and never touch those areas.  Basically making large forests in most countries and or continents
They are building to much . Wild animals need the land and WOODS, trees,  fresh water. Even PEOPLE NEED the fresh water. Ect.
This is scary 😨
Can't stop it now. It was inevitable
Good, the non domestic animals just get in the way.  Want to see a panda, we have vr and zoos.
The problem is greed. Pure and simple.
I hate that this is 100% true.  Human Beings only take from nature. This constant taking is destroying the naturalistic world.
I used to donate to Zero population they were right back then!!!!!! now they are called Population Connection I suggest you donate.
It’s harrowing that every upcoming generation will have a worse life than the previous generation, instead of a better one.
I just noticed also growing up in Los Angeles California I saw bumble bees 🐝 they’re gone I DONTEVER SEE them ANYMORE 😔
Yeah sure how many doomsday predictions can one get wrong in one lifetime? Tonight's guest holds the title imho.
species, we've allowed the corporations and most corrupt among us to literally destroy almost everything we've ever known.
Do you people ever get sick of lying.Urlich was wrong about an Ice Age,Ozone layer,acid rain,global warming and the idiotic term climate change.Actually the scientific frauds have been wrong about absolutely everything.Of course 60 Minutes has been wrong and lied about ever more.STOP
The Purge!!!!
The earth is changing to hot to much Sahara dust
I haven't seen a caterpillar in over 20 years
Humans are basically parasites that never learned to live with nature. Native Americans did. Other groups, but not enough and the parasites took over. Ultimately it will lead to our demise at worst and to widespread suffering globally it not. Climate deniers, greedy capitalists who can't see beyond their net worth, stupid, ignorant people who only think of themselves and remain ignorant purposely. Religious crazies who think their "god" will fix everything when it has never fixed anything. Add it up.
I believe in SCCCIIIIENCE
This happens every 12,000 years! It is a earth cycle! There is nothing man did to cause it and nothing man can do to stop it!
This time with 6th Mass Extinctions,The Universe will be destroyed for ever as predicted in the various Religious Books.Scientific prediction n Religious predictions are converging in one point n time. That's the end of our Planet.
John Malthus has been reincarnated!
This such nonsense they intentionally want you to starve and die remember God is in control.
What BS on a planetary scale!
That's all bull crap the entire world population can fit in the state of Texas n each person would have about 1100 sq ft the rest of the entire world uninhabited musk figured out that if each person stood in a 3 sq ft of land the entire world population would fit in a 50 sq miles of land it's the way we live in growled cities I've read once scientist said this world could  provide for billions more people they want world depopulation agenda UN agenda
Demes get real.
I have a gut feeling that automotive wind shields are mass murders of flying insects, and the vehicles are the enemy of the hoofed and pawed.  Just look at a Rand McNally road atlas, from the Mississippi river  to the East coast,  and ask yourself; did mama  or papa raccoon make it back home after their hunt to feed the babies? Did the rabbits, squirrels, opossums, turtles, coyotes, &  deer make it home after venturing out into that concrete paved jungle that slices it's way through their home turf. Or not? I also believe that the millions of outdoor  blow up porta pools that require constant chemical attention, could be a culprit in the sickness of the honeybees causing their decline from drinking that water. I say that because zI had one of those pools back in 2007 til 2009, and I was curious about the numbers of dead honeybees and other flying insects when screening the pool.. Every new highway or Interstate, should have land bridges OVER or Under , at all known animal migration areas.  In case you don't know this when you think about little Bambi, or its mommy and daddy, they are one of the deadliest animals to humans in North America. They cause a lot of people driving vehicles to lose control, by trying to avoid hitting the poor little deer. Generally the driver will leave the road way, trying to avoid the deer ( antelope, cattle, horses, etc; ) hit the shoulder of the road, and then over correct trying to get back onto the road causing the vehicle to roll over..RIP  When man is ancient history, and nothing exist but humanoids and robots, will the humanoids be kind to the existing creatures in nature?
About 5yrs ago (and I appreciate that’s not now) I did a calculation using the entire population of the earth which I double and treble checked and you could get the whole population of the earth in the state of Alaska  with each person having a reasonable amount of land to themselves, just sayin 🤷‍♂️
Wow .! Thanks for this educative and formative video and also thanks to Grizzlyfi for giving the world another guarantee of huge return on investments.!
His hat was in higher definition than his face wdym... 😐
Too many people on this planet
It's a losing battle.  The only answers are having less kids, or keep going until we go over the tipping point and mass starvation and war.
If the reporter thinks there's too many of us, then he should lead by example ☠
It must have escaped your grasp that the world is in demographic collapse.   Just look at the developed world. Except for France, the European countries have birth rates below replacement level. As does Russia and China. China for instance will lose half its population due to old age by 2050. The cause is due to too rapid industrialization and urbanization. Farmers need children, factory workers do not. Besides, most people bought into the Socialist lie that the government, not children, would secure your old age. So, why have any?  Without children, a whole society could live higher on the hog. It could have progress. Growth. But without children, society cannot afford to replace you at work. Will you be expected to  die in harness? Goods and services have to be created before they can be consumed.   Economic decline is inevitable as populations decline. Some locations will fare better than others. But, a  world wide depression is already here.   This situation is the opposite of your fear mongering. Over population never happened. Even where it looks likely, such as Africa, will find  major difficulties ahead. Their populations will be curtailed.
A recent study showed that if you took every person in the world and gave them a standard three bedroom ranch home on a city lot you could fit everyone in the world (and their house) in a space the size of Texas. The notion that we are running out of space is ridiculous. What we are doing though is draining wetlands and killing small species with pesticides. In the area of Michigan where I grew up there were small wetland areas everywhere that were filled with frogs, snakes, pheasants, rabbits, grasshoppers, butterflies, etc. Those areas have been drained and bulldozed in to plant more crops. All the aforementioned animals and insects are gone with them. They have been replaced with wild turkeys, coyotes and some other animals that were not around when I was younger but the damage from draining wetlands and the increased use of pesticides has had a terrible effect on the ecosystem in my area.
We must help save our planet! Mother earth 🌎 needs help
The Ancient people in S. America carve in stone about World end 4 times before.
Another FAKE NEWS story from our beloved MARXIST MEDIA,
1968 - a long time for his doomsday population bomb prediction to not come true.  there are new species of insects, animals that are being discovered also.  that is surprising.  comparing what's coming to the dinosaur extinction seems extreme.  calif is not losing water - it has always been a desert with 100 year droughts in its history.
Paul Ehrlich is anti-human. This is propaganda.
I don't remember any one doing anything other than salmon. Ummm yeah lol
6:15 I probably wouldn't take a sample right next to tire tracks on a road
This scary. But I would and still get these kinds of feelings. It's like we're in the last days. It's sad how big bigness is destroying the world. Money 💰 is the cause of this. Everyone knows it.
If everyone starts consuming like ultra rich's, only some thousand people are enough to destroy this earth
earth is dying and we are killing it
watch Acharya Prashant on YouTube, you will get clarity.
We’re all gonna die!!!!🙄
Rich ceo's get to make our farm policy just because they are rich not because they are wise.  Politicians weaponize regulations to meet their own agendas. Never say there are "too many people".....that will lead people like Bill Gates to recommend genocide.        It is that politicians in all countries operate for their own pockets and their friends pockets rather than for the people.  look at the destruction in CA by politicians!   there is so much development that could happen that would benefit the people........but nope! pelosi and her governor nephew just destroy the state.  he is sitting on a ton of surplus $ .....why not start a desalination plant, or make more canals from the colorado river, or develop the desert for folks to live....nope!!!!!  none of that being done!  homelessness/southern border invasion....he throws money at it and it is a losing propsition.  So its not the number of people...we have loads of open land in CA its the politicians.
“Wealthy donors”.   LMAO.
60 mins. Dem news documentaries
The point is yall have an agenda. Get rid of the poor. While ya'll buy Yachats,the mega mansion, rockets ships, bunkers, I could go on.
ah it'll be ok
Veganism is the solution.
The solution is to get rid of faux scientists proclaiming the end of the world Humans are innovative. Three hundred years ago the earth could not sustain more then 400 million thereabouts. Now most of us, all 8  billion, live better off then the 300 million in the past.  We will find a way. Thats the nature of human beings.  If some people think that the population is too large, they should set an example.
Oh how fast we forget about Fukushima and what nuclear power has done to destroy this planet and our food source and contaminate everything what do you think happened to the salmon with all the radioactive waste going into the Pacific Ocean
I don't no about all the global warming junk... But human over population will cause severe problems, and that might just be right around the corner now.
This is very alarming .. in a bad scale
bunch of doom and gloom clows
The Lummee may have been there for 1,000 years,  but indigenous people have been there for millennia.
and how is any of this cause by the majority of earth's humans and not the people in control of the big companies
The issue is: fish is way too damn expensive! I never buy anything but canned tunna.
God gaveus dominion over the planet and animals . Unfortunately we are destroying both including ourselves.
In 2018 Hemp was legalized at the Federal level. Hemp grows prolifically, making it an extremely efficient crop for these sustainable plastics known as 'bioplastics'. They are lightweight, biodegradable and can replace many petrochemical plastics (oil-based plastics). So why aren't we using more Hemp? It would benefit the Hemp farmers and the world. 🙏❤️✌️🗽🇺🇸
Industrial civilization is at direct odds with life on Earth. The natives have been warning for hundreds of years now. They know how to live here, we're still not listening, and will go away because of it.
Too many Edomites these are the people who are destroying the earth , oceans, the sky & animals
Calling Paul Ehrlich a scientist is generous.
It’s not the size of the population, it’s the greed within.
Lol
The world needs a good dose of George Carlin. The planet is going to be fine.
Its all very very sad  .  I think Nuclear armageddon  might be a good thing ..    self destruction might benefit the planet
440 + nuclear reactors in full meltdown will ensure that there will be no survivors of this Extinction
That is really a lie and a crock if’s….t
Photo plankton in the Atlantic is below 10% meaning virtually Extinction which means we will soon follow. Photo plankton is responsible for 50 to 80% of the oxygen that we breathe
People vs wild animals. The choice is clear.
Thank you for clearly representing the situation.
I think we're well overdue a 'mass extinction' event......😳😲⚠️
Well, reducing billions to millions is one of the elites' goal, according to their Georgia guidestone in Elberton, GA. Earth will be fine.  I think we will slowly die off, just like previous civilizations, like Incas, Romans, Greek, Egyptians.  Nature slowly takes over after humans died, then life begins anew again.
everything man touched he f***** up.
Y’all keep hunting and killing em
One species can destroy the planet for all life. Remove us from the equation and life will flourish. Just like the agent in the matrix said. Humans are like a virus. Invade and destroy
And yet the same people who cry out about this are the same people who think that population dense cities are a “good idea” or a “lively place to live”. You know how much healthier the planet would be if humans would just go back to homestead living? But that’s not “progressive” enough. Ironically it’s liberals and leftists that are killing off our planet while they simultaneously “fight for the earth”.
Just imagine the native remnants of what once was, having to deal with the reality that their ways of life as well as The Mother Nature they once were so connected and intertwined in, ALL being destroyed mostly because The Christian Church, 'Led by God', made their way to every end of the earth with the goal of conquering EVERY civilization they set out to find, in order destroy EVERY culture they encountered, and  to force their Jesus on on them in order to control them and have a one word religion. And when I say conquer, I mean the mass genocides and total obliteration of the indigenous peoples whose land and country was theirs for thousands of years. With that said, humans, including myself, are ALL a decease to the planet, and we are literally the ONLY species on this planet that this plant does NOT need for it to survive and thrive.
Fine the oil companies, the plastic companies, fine those who created the problem and benefited.
Yeah and according to scientiest we are "evolving". DAHA
It’s called “capitalism at any cost.”  It’s called “greed.” It’s called zero respect  for our home and fellow companions.
This is beyond urgent.  Your video starts out exactly right:  in high school in the 1970's a teacher brought this scientific reality to my attention, that the earth was exceeding its capacity to renew natural resources - people, we are talking about air to breath and water to drink here.  We passed living on the interest in the 70's and have been eating into the principle.  The video goes on to say that first seminal work predicted mass famine, but that did not come to pass due to technological "advancements." These include genetic engineering of crops to allow even more poisonous herbicides to be sprayed.  Your video leaves an overall impression that again, why worry - we can eat something other than salmon.  Please, everyone, understand this:  this is true:  what the scientists say here is real - time is very quickly running out and yes, we are going to suffer greatly and likely be one of the species to go.  BUT WHAT TO DO.  Your video misses the point and we CAN do this:  First, save the wilderness, sure, but more important is look at all the land in private and governmental hands - STOP PLANTING INVASIVE PLANTS that do not feed the environment and since they are invasive they are taking over the earth, crowding out natives.  Exotic plants are not eaten by bugs and so cannot feed birds and mammals and hawks and etc. up the line.  Nurseries must stop selling invasive plants like Callory Pear tree and instead sell native plants and we all must rethink landscaping to be more natural.  We, each of us, must plant native plants.  See Doug Tallamy's work.  SECOND.  EAT BEANS GRAINS VEGETABLES AND FRUIT.  Livestock production is responsible for something like 90% of oil used in raising, killing and transporting.  Further, 90% of grain production in the US is fed to livestock rather than consumed directly.  The difference in land needed to feed a plant-based diet is a tiny fraction - this can also be verified, I did not make any of this up.  See debate video with Philip Wollen for starters.  And it is OIL that is killing the atmosphere and the elephant in that room NOT YOUR HUMMER BUT MEAT-EATING.  It all goes back to just respecting life - changing the culture from that of using up animals for any reason, not caring about animals like salmon or wombats that we don't personally eat or exploit.  Instead, let the bugs live on the native plants that feed the earth.  Let the animals live - they are part of the earth, part of the air and water and all of us.  Stop killing the earth - and ourselves - with meat production, all the while mostly refusing to even witness the process.  As for me, a senior citizen, while there is breath I have to work towards that goal.  I'm planting natives, putting up bluebird boxes, fighting invasive plants, and have been on a plant-based diet since my early 20's (go ahead, ask me about my health at age 64 and every year leading up to that - see Dr. John McDougall).  I am also so very glad I knew this early on and did not procreate.  There are so very many of us people now.  But make no mistake, the only way to do this is EACH OF US INDIVIDUALLY.  Sure we should encourage our governments and companies to stop destroying what's left of nature, but where the rubber hits the road the ONLY WAY to do this is INDIVIDUALLY.  I hope someone sees this and looks deeper to be able to start to change.  It is not easy, but you an start small.  But hurry and start please.  The Earth will still circle the sun but we will have all died, and our children, right along with the birds and the bees.
Ummmm Scientists warned the planet of this like 15yrs. ago...Why is it just making the primetime news now?
Lol
This is BS you could take every man woman and child on Earth do the math and put them in Queensland in Australia and give them a quarter acre piece of land and that would still be room in Queensland Max eigen talked about this these people are lying to you
champignons
It's greed and excessive luxury that is not sustainable.  Fancy, extreme, more, better, larger, 20 cars instead of 1 and each one more luxurious than the last.  It's just too much
Yet the interview of Gerardo was done on plastic chairs....
No matter how the mass extinction occurs, it is worthy to note it is a natural process. The earth will not end. Life will not end.  After the mass extinction event, life will continue to evolve ... this is the natural way of Mother Nature.
Humans, definitely, are a factor. We exacerbate the problems. We, also, look for solutions. We have some exotic things sitting on shelves. What does that help? The Atlantic Conveyor is slowing, and there's nothing we can do, to prevent the stopping of it, as far as I know. It was projected to cease, in another 8 years. The salinity levels are presently separated, but when the conveyor stops, there will be a mixing, and ocean temps will change, and temps of the air above it. There is an estimated shift, in world temps, to follow. Some places, that were once warm, may go colder, and, some places that were cold, may go warmer.
Humans are not kind to mother earth or the animals or even to ourselves and now want to go to Mars to do the same.
Humans don't deserve this earth. Some of the worst people on the planet have the largest populations. Just get rid of them and we will be fine.
Cannabis farms? Makes money but not necessary for human life. You're no more that a rich bum if you are in that biz.
Samman? Salmon.
The problem with these predictions is that they never predict the ability to adapt
All about the money....he's been bought.
DEATH STRANDING...
Even 60 minutes is looking to joe rogan for talking points
Psalms Chapter 102: 25Of old hast thou laid the foundation of the earth: and the heavens are the work of thy hands.  26They shall perish, but thou shalt endure: yea, all of them shall wax old like a garment; as a vesture shalt thou change them, and they shall be changed:  Revelation 11:18 “And the nations were angry, and thy wrath is come, and the time of the dead, that they should be judged, and that thou shouldest give reward unto thy servants the prophets, and to the saints, and them that fear thy name, small and great; and shouldest destroy them which destroy the earth.”  2 Peter 3:7 “But the heavens and the earth, which are now, by the same word are kept in store, reserved unto fire against the day of judgment and perdition of ungodly men.”
Hey. Earth. I live there.
Humans are the creators of their own demise
I'm sorry. Your propaganda no longer works on me.
But don’t worry everyone… Global warming isn’t real 🙄
There is something more going on then just the humans effecting the planet, a mass cosmic event is underway! There is nothing we can do but pray, and if you don't believe me imagine a book 2000 year's ago for warning us about these things taking place! The way I always see it is trust in man or trust in God, well we all already know the ways of man ain't working out. Unless you really think we know the exact timeframe of the last extinction millions of years ago??? 🤣
What is needed is equity
I just don’t  believe this this planet is way too big to say 8 billion people is overpopulating. 70% is not taken up by humans that’s just bs. There’s sooooo much land unclaimed we don’t know about. The Amazon Forrest is only 30% researched out of the whole thing.
How about "reforestation" of the U.S. from Boston to D.C. and San Diego to Los Angeles.  Why blame other countries for doing what we did to the United States?
Instead of crying about it, do something about it! FIX it!
Probably has nothing to do with all those lines they spray in the sky huh 🙊🙈🙉
Have you ever thought how Universities and military are polluting the world? Dumping radioactive refuse in oceans, using sonic technology in the oceans, burying toxic waste under the ground. Then there are volcanoes. Can't do anything about that.
Money maybe on the top list, then greed, then politicians
Scare tactic to control us 😂
Capitalism is the worlds worse culprit ,we MUST change the systems in place to survive. Capitalism will be the end of us ,greed, corruption are our enemy!
Do these people have kids or grandkids
Garbage reset propaganda
This is a Joke!
The end of the world might not be fun, but at least it will be interesting
So many articles/ads I have seen in the health world were geared toward pushing Salmon for cardiovascular health and mood, among other claims.. I am sure it pushed the surge in fishing and consuming of it. Those guys are telling me that they used to profit heavily off of over fishing to keep up with demand and now the fish aren't there.. hmm. There is a mushroom, Chaga, that I have seen a lot of social media products with it in it and I wonder how long it will be before it's extinct. Everything we consume has a consequence. Support your local farmers!
Thanos wasnt the bad guy after all.....ha
We're all doomed. Please give us more money! Only your money will save us!
Yes it is human extinction. Deliberately perpetrated by the 1%, so called Elite.
Don't worry humans are producing lazy sperms and low sperm count. Women's are turning into men and men are turning into women. Robot wives/husband's will be available in store soon.
The depopulation has already started, but you are too busy fear mongering. Just look for data on deaths vs births. Google depopulation.
🤣🤣🤣🤣😆
Greed and selfishness. People don’t understand, I mean really get that nature always wins. If we don’t take care of it and preserve nature it will deny us basics that sustain life.
Erase the human species ,well be beter
notice the balance in the wild with animals everything even outs that's how it works. Exactly like humans something will happen to reduce our population guaranteed.
We have to open our eyes and see what we are doing to our planet earth!!!, I live in Charlotte nc and the way they are cutting down trees it is a shame all for money and I ask myself where are the animals going!! we are taking alot for granted:(
The earths inner core has shifted that’s one fact why climate is changing.
I’ve been concerned  all my adult life seeing families having 3 to 5 kids or more in tow.  Do we really need that many kids to live a fulfilling life?  I was supposed to be the only child but my parents decided I needed a sibling to complete their family. My sister and I can’t have children  by choice.  Thank you to our parents for not being selfish and not adding to our extinction.  China used to enforce a 1 child law. Ironic that they are now a country who contributes to the our extinction. Stop having too many mouths to feed people.  I’m so glad I won’t be alive when famine and death finally resets this planet.
This scientist has been wrong time and time again 😄 🤣 😂  You ppl that buy this are out of your effing minds
You guys need to stop lying.
Lies
Animal Agriculture kills more wildlife than poaching and trophy hunting combined. It will be the cause of the Sixth Mass Extinction. If you care, go vegan for ALL life. 💚
I see a lot of confirmation bias and very little factual content. From CBS, the network that brought you "fake but accurate" news.
Where I live in Scotland nature and wildlife has actually improved  in recent years
🆓😎 ✌️👔🍿
Human population is already in decline, the scare tactics of this BS program are laughable.
There’s plenty of resources, don’t be fooled!! Nuff said , people will figure it out. The damage done, is by billion dollar corporations
It’s not the amount of people, it’s how much people waste.
#ENDSATANTICBLOODLINES
He has not been correct once. Yet. 90 years. So 60 minutes interviews him. So many have predicted doomsdays for the past 60 years. All wrong.
We as humans eat more then we need. Greed.
Better go talk to china and india....
Run and hide fear this fear that. The coastal cities were to be under water by 2000,
Recycling should be mandatory. Use of plastics should dropped drastically. People per area should be limited. Waste/plants near water should be eliminated. Production of farmed meat should be revised. We gotta get back to the basics and stop being so greedy.
With everyone moving to North GA, all you see on the expressways are dead deer. Construction is ruining the beauty of nature. So many other states with space yet, so many want to cramp in limited spaces. It's no longer southern flare, it's the city.
Large corporations need to be held accountable for their impact on earth.
These are literally the same scientists who told us hundreds of millions of people would be dying in the 70s from hunger and predicted that by 2012 the world would be largely underwater. But I'm sure they're right this time.
🙄 36,000 people died from the eruption of Krakoa Toa in Indonesia in 1835. The same volcano that caused another year without a summer in 535 due to the ash worldwide blocking sunlight. Hundreds of Millions have died over the centuries from “plagues” throughout the world. If there was one time anytime that I lived in that would be the end of times would be 1300’s Europe during the Black Plague that claimed over a half a billion people worldwide during a time that had nearly no people compared to our current population. Last I checked in order to make ice cubes you need ambient temperature water to freeze, there’s known data that Antarctica was once a radiant rain forest, but somehow we”re dying because the glaciers are melting??? The earth is going back to what it once was, it was once a molten rock of lava and vis versa an iced rock many times over again.
It's impossible to assign a constant value of growth to something which keeps expanding and contracting on a daily basis without a constant variable. If you said the value of X which moves in a up or down direction every day is going to be 1 degree higher in 1 years time, you're not making a prediction based on science, you're ignoring the scientific process which says it's not possible to measure something without a constant starting point. To say that X, which is a random number, will be permanently 1 degree higher you need a Y measurement to be a constant value of lets say 5 degrees, If the value of Y never moves then you can say X will be 1 degree higher if Y moves up to the value of 6. Y = 6 + X = ?. The variable X = ?(random) represents the weather and Y does not exist in real life. Claiming that the weather will be permanently higher by a certain amount of degrees on average is a impossible claim to make. It's like saying that a roulette wheel will always roll red 5 times as a constant measurement. Their is no rule of nature that says the weather will always be 30 degrees and that, that 30 degrees never moves. Therefore no Y variable or constant measurement can be assigned. If god can't do it then you can't either. The stupidity of this claim is equivalent to saying "A random number between 1-100 will be 1 point higher in a year."
How about the waste, how about the over fishing , not letting our land rest between growing, a of it   It's called Greed!!!!!!   No care for our planet , the animals, the  plants or the future of our space.
I used to live in Kobe, Japan. My girlfriend told me that when she was a little girl there were fire flies everywhere. Another girl friend from Shiga prefecture told me that they used to have snowy winters but now it doesn't snow anymore. Now I'm in Uganda with the stupidest people I have ever witnessed in all my travels. I get exhilarated when I see monkeys in the trees in my village. Do you know what these shitwitts do? They throw rocks at the monkeys. To see real wildlife you have to go to a reserve. If it wasn't for those reserves (which the Africans are only motivated to preserve because of the money from foreign tourists) I guarantee you all wildlife would be wiped out in this country.
As a child I prayed that bugs would stop existing. Sorry
The great filter
My hometown is dead due to NAFTA, but I see skunks, wild turkeys, woodchucks, raccoons like never before when I was a kid. (The bugs however are mostly;just tons of same damn invasive species)
LOL
We’ve been lied to about everything.  It’s more like 6 billion.  We have vast areas of nothing on planet.  The corporations with poisons are killing the planet and us.  They need to change.  Stop the plastics.  They have so much control.
Evolution at play . Do not be sad people , we shall not live forever
So where was the evidence? Other then anecdotal.
Excellent.....
Mother nature might just start with making certain area's unlivable for humans 🤔. By making tsunami every hour on our coast,, every day volcano 🌋 eruptions in area's we used to live, drowning out some cities
They point to human population as the problem, and while it is a factor, I think everyone thinking that they need a multitude of goods and a big house leads to environmental degradation. It’s the push to consume and produce that is the problem. The urge to create wealth. Capitalism with very little limit.
That’s I said Thanos got it right.  Only the Thanos Solution can save humanity from climate change.  Half of humanity 😁
How does California get water????  it doesn't rain and they don't pull it from the ocean!!  yea they steal it from other natural resources from other states
t's the Sun, it's cycles cannot be stopped.Nothing to do with the co2 scam. 0.04% co2 in the atmosphere, 97% of that 0.04 is produced by the planet naturally. 3% of that 97% of 0.04% is added by humans. The amount is so small that it's not possible to cause any warming. During the Jurassic period, co2 was ten times higher, and life thrived.
To many selfish breeding humans. hope we become extinct
Good thing Elon musk bought Twitter for 44$ billion and idk not build a moon base or fix our roads.
We have the wrong thinkers installed
Well, in secret, they know the ole shot will cull an extraordinary amount of "useless eaters"- their term. The media will deny everything and so will government. They will stay the course as the pattern of human behavior is profoundly understood. You will go about your daily business like cows grazing in the field until that fateful day.
This current generation tends to be alot more gay,which in itself can help with population control. Humans don't respect wildlife ,kids don't understand cause and effect when it comes to the environment .
Time to STOP LISTENING to the MONEY LAUNDERING NARCISSISTIC PSYCHOPATHS.  🙈💰🤡😈🌎💔
Every single one of us can help. Recycle, donate, dont have children and go green in everything you do.
Climate Change will end our way of life by 2030.
Some rich country/people dont invest in earth, some invest on mars
3 kids more than ok for every family's
That's why god say I am spiritual and you don't need a lot when you spiritual. Have a little of this world that is not your home and take a lot of God 🙏💓👑 jesus Christ
Ha with the help of the covert hidden hand, the devil behind the curtain, the druid who thinks he's invisible, mass injections on a global scale, we haven't even. Begun to figure out what they are up to
So now we find out Extinction is about people not just some people
The only mass extinctions going on is in journalism...
So now they want to take the advice of the Mexican people but when Donald Trump was in office we were trying to build a wall to keep them out it seems like they still have a lot of knowledge in their history that the world may need to know about
I live in the green south east of USA, we have lots of bird, reptile and mammall populations and plenty of room for more people to live among them.
I have been saying this for years. If we don,t stop breeding like mice and get the world population down by a few billion we are ALL dead! I worked for Fish & Game for many years in Alaska the bosses above ignored the data. It was all about $$$ for the fish companies.
It's funny how they say were overpopulated but you could fit all the people in the world in cuba.... it's not consumption its over production by greedy people... they say we all the time but it a select few that let it happen and are responsible for it and california created it water problems by selling off its water supply.
Our creator has called us to be good stewards of this present world but try as we will the fact remains this present Earth is passing away Isaiah 65;17 Revelation 21;1 2 Peter 3:10-12. The curse of original sin did not just bring death to man but also to Creation itself.  If we want to see the new heaven and the new Earth we  have to be reconciled to God the Father through his son Jesus Christ our Lord and savior. Heaven and Earth will pass away but his Word and his Love endures forever...
WWF  established  by Prince Charles ... and family. Killing endangered species, while masquerading  as a protector of wildlife. Anything with the word foundation is tax exempt.
It's actually called the disaster cycle it happens every 12,000 years, only this time the core of the planet is cooling and we're having a water event. History repeats itself like Noah's flood. People need to wake up they've been lied to for a long time. You're a lot more than two strands of DNA all that junk DNA is pure potential. Unfortunately so many people are ignorant brainwashed and lack a lot of intelligence and creativity. Not a lot of time left 2027 is the marker.
The fact that most of you believe everything they tell you. Only proves that you deserve what they've got coming for you.  For all of us.
Investigate the trees and soil dying what 5G has done and how it has been so ignored by media that should be informing people and protecting them NOT ASSISTING IN KILLING OFF HUMANITY
One things for sure about the Marxists, they continue to prop up their heroes like Paul Ehrlich no matter who wrong they are.
🌍 you know who
No talk of the younger dryas and at its onset 82% of all mammals disappeared.  ??????  Cataclysm is inevitable
Grisly bears and golden eagles may be precious to us but their prey will be glad when they're extinct and their opinion is as valid as ours.  Spare your tears for people and animals yet to be born that will suffer and die, nature is a sordid business.
Give it 2 to 3 years human numbers will be alot less thanks to china/Anthony fauchi and Bill gates.
They have no clue what they are talking about California had no water before man supplied water and now have used up all the water they supplied. People turned California green, and people will trun it back to a desert too!
I'm a PhD Geochemist. I used to work for Exxon/BP and others looking at IPOD seismic data for possible oil deposits in the ocean.   We were in the Pacific doing a survey about 800miles from Hawaii, and there was so much garbage on the ocean floor (plastics) at a depth of 6000m it made me furious. We did a active survey and concluded the 50 square mile area was full of garbage.. Didn't see much ocean life at all, and the smell of the ocean in that area was almost a sulfur-like smell (no volcanic activity around there either)  And this was 15 years ago.
Elon Musk says we are having a depopulation crisis I believe him over some leftist liberal progressive media outlet
Why aren't those 'stars' pouring their money into this???🤡
60 Minutes toeing the line for the  🌐 Economic Forum & Schwabb's Great Reset.
All lies! There is plenty of land and food and water possibilities and more but the leftists are bent on depopulation. They are forcing destruction of our farming and  agriculture practices that have been decreasing world food insecurity for the last several decades.  They want us dead.
We are under populated
Crab fishing has been halted this year the crabs have disappeared
This is propaganda, I ain't gonna watch.
Supporting wealthy media moguls should be the first thing to go.
Reported for mis-information.
I keep seeing comments talking about how the wealthy or politicians won’t ever change. But it’s not about whether or not they make any changes. We have to change the way we are living our lives. That goes for all of us reading this, WE have to change OUR lives. Then and only then will THEY understand what needs to happen
I swear to God, lefty's will believe anything that you tell them. Like a planet full of 3 YO toddlers that you have to babysit. "Moma is the world gonna end?!" 😥😥
This is from a human scientific view point and is alarming enough, however I look from God's viewpoint. All written up in Bible prophecies and boy o boy, you guys don't have a clue what is busy happening (and how much faster). It is all about evil and people rejecting God. God's wrath will soon be poured out over humanity and billions upon billions are about to die soon. Jesus Christ, who is God, will soon come again. Only those who repented from sin and accepted Him as Lord and Saviour will be saved in the next life to come. Love from Africa.
Magnetic reversal it's a thing
I see it in Ireland were not a big country but even the markrel fishing is only a few weeks here and there years ago it was mouths of plentiful fishing .. We humans have a lot to answer for our greed for having more and more aswell as destroying animal's lands along with all the other destructive things we do will and is destroying us. God help us do and be better way better!🙏
B-b-b-b-b-but the Earth is 6000 years old according to muh Bible and "Gawd"
2/3 of the population got the jab.
Click bait
I don't think the world population is too high. I think the problem is poor resource management, greed/ taking more than is needed, and lack of care for environment.
The world will be fine it's the people that are messed up thinking that the population has to remain under half a billion people worldwide.
Money will not fix what chaos money have caused. It requires action. If people truly dare for this planet we should not use money but action to fix this situation.
Seems like the west is having these issues but here they are claiming it's the whole world that has a problem. Speak for yourselves. We've got plenty of land her in my Country South Africa and throughout the rest of Africa. We grow our own food have our own animals. We do go grocery shopping here and there but we're not entirely dependent on that. Pshhhtt "Humanity is unsustainable" of course it won't be if you're all concentrated in cities and have to "be fed" in masses. Stop pillaging the earth in the name of corporate profits. That ls what you're failing to address because these corporations are the reason our "way of life" is being destroyed because of the things they do to source what they need to sell to the world. STFU.  I am aware of the people whom have to deal with the consequences of what has occurred. I sympathize with them.
As mean as this might seem it is for us all. We have to stop trying to save people. We must allow people to die.
Humans but especially companies and lobbyists who bought the rights to pollute are to blame.
Meat heads will turn to canabalism in 4 days
We have tons of birds, crickets, bees, turtles in Northeast Alabama. Everyone wants to believe everything is coming to an end, good God. Many people have an active imagination,  it's easy to sell this nonsense to them. The earth will March on.
Thanos and Ultron were both right
I have the solution...... BRING BACK TRUMP he's the only person who can save us all from ourselves
Pretty short 60 minutes
Sad thing the government won't do really none till humans are dying severely
Who needs a nuclear arsenal for the job?
farmers don't overuse fertilizer because it expensive.  it doesn't pay to fertilize rivers and streams.
Things are in decline..better start, now.  🌳
It has all been prophesied,in the Bible,thousands of years ago. The earth,and everything in it,will eventually die. The curse of sin. God has all the answers. Will we,mankind,seek Him? Men,love the darkness,rather than the light,and so destruction comes. Jesus Christ is the Light.📖✝️🙏
I find the choice to use images of people in dense city centers when talking about overconsumption of resources disingenuous. Which producer banned examining the role corporations play in this?  No criticism for our elites who live in excess and opulence or the lobbyists who control our environmental legislation? This segment was fear mongering at its finest, complete with total denial of who the culprits are and finger pointing at comatose figureheads.
Then I saw a new heaven and a new earth, for the first heaven and "the first earth had passed away, and the sea was no more." Revelation 21:1😭
Don't worry evolution will evolve to make new species, Darwinian evolution will save us, all things evolve its science, follow the science get vaccinated!
The Humanity of Mankind's Mentality can be found in his Writing's and Books written To Justify his Belief of Reason why MAN ,  Mankind is Above All of the Other Life that Exist on Planet Earth . To possess the Tenacity of lunacy that the Law of Mankind triumph over nature's Law , even though mankind did Not exist before their was the Law of Nature . With those Seeds of Arrogance and Stupidity Mankind is fulfilling his prophecy of his Understanding of what Alpha and Omega Truly Mean . Humanity is beginning to See , Hear , Smell , Taste , and Feel the results of Abandoning the Stewardship of Protecting and Respecting All of the Life that Exist on Planet earth . The planet earth is showing the humanity of mankind , that he has Crossed the Threshold of NO Return , GLOBAL WARMING and the Melting of the Permafrost are Signs that are NOT Being Taken as Seriously , however it will only get worser , regardless of what the humanity of mankind Choose's to do .
Sooo how long do we have
wake up 60 minutes, stop scaring old people. The world population is decreasing.
Greed is the problem, not over-population.  These scientists are off of their rockers👎🏾
💛
The overpopulation theory was written in the fifties in America and the solution was germ warfare and reduction of the population by 80% and the rest are handpicked to survive under ground for twenty years while the germ that is released died out.
I don't think any of you commenters really care about the Earth... you just hate humans.
They are putting out so many GMO plants and animals. Then they wonder why things don't survive. Back in the 60's and 70's the pollution was terrible. There has been a huge improvement since then. I know, I have seen it. There is no overpopulation, in fact if you look up the stats births are way down. So keep believing these elites and paid propaganda programing,  this is how they can get to the population to what THEY want.
What's happening is absolutely pitiful.    I know it's true because all around me I see wildlife disappearing .  Birds, insects ,wild animals, just 10 years ago in my circle of living ,wildlife was much more abundant.   I see it ,I feel it everyday and it sadens me . Chemicals , in the air ,in the ground,in the waters .    I almost almost think it would be better if greedy man ,,,,would just dissapear,,,!!!
yawn who cares! god will just take care of it any way, he gave the earth to us
Yet we reward people to have more kids.
The mass extinction was a flood. Gods wrath upon wickedness
China and India don’t believe in not having kids….. those 2 countries account for about half the world population along…..
Instead of just shaking a stick why don't they tell us what to do. I hate doing this to all these animals and stuff.
It's because of the fact of geo engineering and weather manipulation
if theres too many people in the world, and getting worse... maybe it should be brought in that families ONLY have 2 children - Max. and those living in the 3rd world who do not have contraceptives, and have 6 plus kids because of it, and then cry poor and need food... need to be controlled and max 2 children ONLY. surely this would help save the planet - infact i think this law is already in Asia China or one of those Asian countries.  I applaude this
WAKE UP, THE NOTHING IS COMING !
Scott Pelley give me the creeps .... h'e too slick. Not trustworthy.
I worked for NWFSC (under NOAA) in the late 90s and early 2000s as a population genetisist lab technician during and after getting my degree in Molecular Biology frim UW. We studied these salmon runs and constantly recommended a total moratorium on fishing via the ESA.  The govnt ignored ALL of our recommedations. We knew this was coming. No one listened.  Overpopulation will be our downfall.  We decimate our environment causing wars and conflict.  Our system has never been systainable based on this model/fact. We literally could do everything possible...but if we continue to overbreed...it will mean nothing.  Life feeds on life.  We are overfeeding.
TAX,TAX,TAX. Will save you 😉
CLEARLY all the Grants and Gov $'s are NOT going to good use Glyphosate AMPA is a HUUUUUGE Problem heard of COVID? then you've heard of Glyphosate AMPA, you may know it as RoundUp!
Democratic science is SO MELODRAMATIC....
not ONE WORD about Glyphosate AMPA hmmm
This is now in 2023 what tf it's it gonna be 2030 or 40 it's gonna be interesting 👹🕳️💀😂
It's crazy to think.  Just in my 50 year lifetime, the population went from 3.5 to 8 billion people.   Staggering.   Especially considering after the plague in the 1300's, the estimated world population was only 500 million.
Its hard to stop climate change when the people that are alleging they can stop it are the exact same people who are creating it.
13 Minutes!!  Where did you get 60 from??
Fukushima nuclear meltdown in 2011 that is still burning toxic radiation into the Pacific is killing the ocean.
The half of the world living on ten dollars a day are the same people making your clothes... Children in Africa mining all day for pennies so J Q Green can drive EV cars... I agree there's too many people... That said take a good look underneath the veil of supposedly doing the right thing... I do like the idea of stopping the tree cutting... Having the WEF dictate how they (the rich) are going to depopulate however is not a good idea!! The people need to be in on that one... Of late our politicians run the gov now not WE THE PEOPLE!!
So if there were 5 mass extinctions before humankind, what makes you think humans are able to prevent another one?  Humans will become extinct and the planet will go on like it always have for billions of years.
Stop having children worldwide! Ya dejen de tener chiquillos mundialmente!
Better call Bill Gates.
Misre
Everything they are talking about is not do to the average American and Everything to do with Capitalist who lay claim to oil gas and water and farm land and forests that belong to the America people but big money has bought and payed for the privilege to rape the earth of its natural resources.  This includes over fishing the earth .
This story crops up every other year.
I just wached another documentary about a population decline saying there isnt enough people being born. We know we are affecting the world but its not because there are too many of us. Its because of the greed and wastefulness of big corperations who wont listen to reason and destroy evertyhing in their path. The only hope we have is to stop greed but unfortunately that is an unstopable disease for mankind.
I feel like Thanos is some where behind this story
Growth mania is caused by big cities and what you progressive call PROGRESS!!!!!!
Absolutely and total lunacy
The smell of extinction grows stronger with each passing day and it is not yet too late to ask Jesus into your hearts ♥️
You cannot have infinite growth on a finite planet…. Us humans are about to find this out the hard way.
I think it’s not how many people on Earth but the people who pollute “legally” and greed that runs most governments who profit from that.
oh dear another woke  program - the Earth goes through natural changes and judgement- please factor this into your videos and tell the whole truth
Limit only to 1 child per household and a license should be required to have a child
What a load of BS
Is the world population too large to sustain? or has greed and capitalism ruined the world ?
This is obvious--but it's not various birds, insects or other creatures--it is common sense and critical thought that are going extinct worldwide. And this extinctions is, without a doubt, anthropogenic, and an intentional act by the Ruling Elite..
Called DIED SUDDENLY onRUMBLE. Looks like Eugenics will fix it. The world’s population fits into TEXAS. Foff with this “life boat theory” BS. Try Fukushima for what CONTINUES in the fisheries.
Will these professors give up their positions at Stanford and move out of the unsustainable California population centers?  She said herself that the water usage in California is extremely damaging to native species.  So wouldn’t they be the first to move to somewhere where their impact will be less damaging?
humans are the pandemic that will end the world as we know it
Given the population bomb, people living to the age of 90 are kind of selfish, no?
Woah baby that's a lot of propaganda and misinformation.
The Earth is dying. It's all in the book.
Duh …. Everyone knows this is Donald Trumps fault !!!!   Bagahahahshshsa
Go Vegan 🌱
Destroy the carbon units.
Little more giving …. A less taking …..  okay next problem ?
Why 60 Minutes would bring on Paul Erlich to prognosticate about the future of the Earth is beyond understanding. He has many times been discredited in his predictions. Is 60 Minutes hoping that the stopped clock is now the proper time?
Too much consumption …. Period !! Not too many people .
If we want fuel eruptions of volcanoes on this planet and less storms we should be focused on Aurora antennas happrt antennas because the manipulating the weather drying up lakes activating volcanoes creating storms that last morning 24 hours and can strike lightning in the same spot more than 30 times and expanded three miles long and disintegrate everything in this pack so I say let's close up all these antennas best close chemtrails let's close CERN let's close. Trying to blame the third world countries it should be ashamed of themselves world pay attention.
The weather is shifting, it's always done this AKA Egypt is now a desert when it was full of fora and fauna,the carbon rising is good for the planet, more plants will grow, more animals and people, we are all carbon based....and they want to end that,guess why.... hello
Anyone who doesn't recognize this piece as globalist depopulation propaganda garbage, I feel bad for you.
Me expecting this would be 60 minutes actually 13 😂😂
we have about 5 billion useless eaters........ feel sorry for all the animals.....
WEF approves this message.  Agenda 21 in 3..2..1
It's an extinction of animals not humans there's plenty of government land in the mountains somehow they're secretly selling off land in the top of mountains of Tennessee to certain people hmmm?
The concept of overpopulation is ridiculous. Most first-world countries (ie the ones home to billion dollar corporations responsible for harming the environment) either have a negative birth rate or are rapidly approaching it.  Third-world countries have high birth rates because they also have a high mortality rate. It was the same during the medieval period and why even the nobility had so many kids; with war, plagues, and famine, both past and present, it’s a miracle if even one survives, let alone seven or ten.
It's a shame that there was no mention of veganism as a solution. We can lower our resource consumption, feed more people, and use less land on a plant based food system than on an omnivorous one. Go Vegan
The jackrabbits in the 1970s were abundant and could be seen by the hundreds every day out of the school bus window no longer see his Jack Rabbit nowhere Maricopa County
Well they've predicted end times since the beginning of time, limit where people can live buy land also everyone don't need to be popping out 3 or more children 🤔
Keep up the propaganda guys !!!!  None of this is fact based
I dont believe theres too many people bc God wouldnt create a world that cant sustain human life based on everything we know about Earth. It's the fact that humans have created a society that is not living naturally within the laws & compounds of science. We've created a system that goes exactly against natural law and that is why we will not have a natural sustainable society. Instead the powers at be want an artificial reality that goes directly against Gods creation. We must reconnect back to mother nature & our ancestral knowledge so we can understand how humans survived here on Earth for this long.
The only thing that needs vanishing is stopping the killing fields (slaughter house/unborn babies) your world will change.
I fear for my 4 daughters. A lot.
Some people are still having 19 kids and thinking its just fine. Rediculous.
Cannibalism man will reap what he sows
Frogs, bees, dragonflies, Monarchs, and barn swallows - remember them? Gone with the glyphosate drift. Humans sold their collective soul to Monsanto and the like decades ago.
We have plenty of room. Stop the chemtrails
The animals are doing just fine!!
We get wiped out every 3000 to 5000 years. What happened to the Egyptian Dynasties? Look up the original capital city of Egypt! 70 ton carved Stone etc snapped in half like twigs. The entire city WIPED OUT.  You know  20 million Mayans vanished the list goes on and on. People don't realise mankind has Amnesia from the big floods devastation, it was BAD!! We've lost track of who we are, Basically a fact. Or Atlantas for instance, Atlantas was wiped out at same time as the big flood, Fact! Ask Plato! How did he know this? Impossible if it wasn't true! Facts meets history. The oldest living man in the bible and in human history.  Methuselah!! Son of the great Enoch and grandfather of Noah! If I got that right lol Lived for 969 years. His end dates the same time as the big flood!! If this sounds silly? Study it all like I have 10 years and space! And will learn im not kidding. We get restarted a lot more then people will believe. Why don't they want us learning our ancient history??? Whys Graham Hancock banned from Egypt??? They don't want us to know. Another FACT
We need a department of sustainibility and regeneration. This should not be a sub entity of another agency it should be a department it self. It should monitor factory practice, planting tree, monitor plastic production and usage, educate people on farming to replicate the wild, teach people about recycling material and argicultural waste. For example, scrap flesh from fish can be used to make chum. Fish bones can turn into calcium supplement for humans. The list goes on and on. Pay me and I will tell you the rest.
Bill Gates has the final solution according to him … eugenics… if you want to look at diminishing fish resources … look no further than China encroaching other territorial waters and burning out fishing areas around the world .. every decade it’s always something …acid rain , ozone holes , global warming , global cooling , etc .. it’s never happened .. I’m tired of all this nonsense ..
Scott Pelley  - hands down one of my favorite reporters.  thoughtful. insightful. concerned for humanity and balance
I heard the total population of the world' can fit inside LA county  shoulder to shoulder..wow ...they knew years ago when countries started to use 50 mile nets ...that fishes were in big trouble..
meh
The earth's ecosystem is declining, but it is not declining largely because of the population needing to be fed and increasing. It is declining because of wastefulness, companies like monsanto, and not replacing when we take from nature. Forest fires have increased over the years because we've been reckless. Forest fires and deforstation alone causes a world wind of issues. People obviously weren't paying attention to what happened during the covid lockdown. Due to the limited interaction with nature, animals and vegetation florished. What is this tell you? Put back what you take and some things you leave alone until it builds back up. If something isn't extinct, it can be fixed. If a tree fall,s then plant more. Certain species of animals should not be hunted for 2-5 years to build the population back up. Start a salmon farms instead of going out to catch it. If sturgen can be farmed for cavier, then what is the excuse again? I've seen fish farmers replicate many fish species habitat and farm healthy fishes. There are mutliple ways to the keep earth healthy. The government is allowing factories to pop up and be irresponsible and they are also not strickly regulating what is taken from the land. They think they are but they are not. Covid thought us the earth can definetly repair itself, we are just not allowing it to. If we understand the food soil web where everything started, then our problem will be solved. I worked at Botanical Garden and my eyes witnessed the cycle of life every year for 5 years. Even though I didn't work in the horticulture department my family were farmers and I have a data science and machine learning background, so I know what I am talking about. Oh! There are land masses in America that is not even half way ready to be touched. We just need to practice wasting less and sustain.
I've always thought life was pretty good in the 1960s.  Since then its been declining ever more rapidly
LMMFAO 🤣😂
Oh just scientists saying the world is gonna end again. They have been saying this for decades yet nothing ever happens. What has been will be again, what has been done will be done again; there is nothing new under the sun. Ecclesiastes 1:9
this is scary on a sci  fi level
This is pseudoscience rubbish
If we are being honest with ourselves - when we strive to take care of the Earth we do so for our own sustainability. The Earth itself will be fine and will far outlive our species.
I think the Earth is experiencing it's 19th nervous breakdown.
Meanwhile people around the world are popping out kids like there's no tomorrow because, hey, it's our God-given right to have as many kids as we want.  We'll add another 80 million or so people in 2023.  In the next four years, the world will add the population equivalent of another United States to the world.  Way to go humanity!  But yeah, repeat after me, there's still hope....  there's still hope....  there's still hope...........................
Damn Boomers need to start recycling!
Well, we had warnings and still have them-
Bill gates will tell you the solution.
Soylent Green?
Lower the speed limits so animals aren't dead all over the road then quit testing chemical, disease, worms, lice, STDs, flus, new medicine, ect on animal life. Oh and would 60 minutes do a episode on how many animals are in these testing sites and in zoos?
BS
What we have to do is stop breeding, stop spreading.
All I can say is, if we leave it up to the politicians, we're doomed.
China & India
..70 per cent of the Earth's fresh water is in Antarctica..Stood shoulder to shoulder all humans would fit on the Isle of Wight..
It's interesting that people consider themselves the smartest species on the planet.  You want to rethink that now humans?  or not so much.  I say good riddance to humans, the most horrible blight this planet has ever experienced.  I'm ashamed to be a member of this species, ashamed of what we have all done to this precious planet and the beautiful animal lives that live here.  It is their earth too.  It is THEIR EARTH TOO!  FOR THE LOVE OF GOD HUMANS WAKE UP.  STOP BEING SO SELFISH.  RECEDE SO THE OTHER SPECIES CAN COME BACK.  WE MUST STAND DOWN, STAY HOME, STOP BREEDING, STOP CONSUMING. STOP STOP STOP!!!!!!!
As a teenager I worked on charter boats during the summer.  Also, does anyone have to wonder why Covid 19 was released on the world.  There will be more viruses to cull the human population. Started in 2019, and will not end until 2030.
I am a biology student and I know and have been told I won't be taken seriously as a biologist. But I'm still gonna try.
Pay attention kids, it’s not science, it’s politics. I’ve been hearing this nonsense for 50 years   1960s - Oil gone in 10 years. 1970s - Another ice age again in 10 years. 1980s - Acid rain will destroy all crops in 10 years. 1990s - The ozone layer will be destroyed in 10 years. 2000s - The ice caps will be gone in 10 years.  All lies. Nothing happened, but all resulted in more taxes.
yes for humans
I'm watching 60 minutes in 13 minutes.
"Thanos was right."
Please. Find God. He is the answer.
Fake news
And this man has been WRONG how many times now? Way to go on another BS report!
OMG SO THIS IS ABOUT RESOURCES AND MAINTAINING THEIR LIFESTYLE
In the southeastern us the climate has been totally different the past 20 years or so,I remember Thanksgiving and Christmas was always cold in the 80s and 90s but now Christmas and new years are warm even having tornado outbreaks in December and January,that sounded nearly impossible until about 10 and 20 years ago,and also the hurricane seasons are becoming brutal a category 5 hurricane is considered storm of the century well we have had around  3 cat 5 hurricanes in 5 years
Stop having kids Save the world
Absolute nonsense. Lies lies and damned lies. Evil.
chem trails, poison from the sky...where did all the grasshoppers go. HUMMMM
Consumption has its limits. Everybody wants to feed their hunger for a better life. Inflation will cut consumption by the poor so the wealthy can still live their life.
Mass extinction my rear! What's planned is a mass extermination under the guise of extinction. The Bible says 1/3 of mankind will be wiped out, as well as 1/3 of the animals and 1/3 of the fish. That is a lot of people. The Georgia Guidestones said the population needed to be reduced to 500,000,000.
Did you hear Elon musk talk about population he said that’s not true
No its not
F the bears tho
People wonder why animals are attacking?  The same way our government took land away from Native Americans! We keep taking land from animals, where can they go?
Consulting on cannabis farms.  LOL
all people do is talk ,actions speak louder than words ,,.
I mean look at the food wasted everyday & portions that are too big we have wasted so much of course it would come to this
Doesn’t anyone vet these stories?
No hope for future generations to survive. We all must stop having kids. Oh well, no ones gonna listen to that. They like the tax breaks.
But what about the ice age the “scientist” scared me with as a young boy?
Covid 19 is one of many viruses... to come. Planet Earth is overpopulated and need to be clean or .....become un livable
Let me get this straight, people still actually watch 60 minutes? 60 minutes lost its credibility a long time ago people.  When you let your politics get in the way of facts, garbage.
Lie
Much of the language used in this video is... odd.  1. 5:07 "I don't think you'll find a scientist that wont say we're in an extinction crisis." That's like a millennial saying 'all of my friends agree with me'. That's not proof.   2. 6:18 "you know I see it in my mind and it's a really sad state". How about seeing it IRL, does actual observation not play a role here?  3. 6:57 "it means you look out your window and 3/4 of what you think oughta be there, isn't there." Huh? What is this mysterious number? 3/4 of what I *THINK*? How does he know what number people are thinking? Does everyone think the same number? The other night I saw 2 stray cats, 3 racoons and what really surprised me: a fox. That's more than what I thought I would see because I was only expecting to see the usual stray cats and maybe a possum. Why not just say how many animals are no longer there?  4. 7:44 "The abundance of wildlife has fallen 94% since 1970". I don't get the use of the term 'abundance' here. That often refers to excess. Wouldn't it be better to say 'population'. Is the rate of decrease 94% of the population or 94% of the excess? This is very odd use of terms.   There is no peer-reviewed scientific journal submitted here. This is based on a for-profit book that *SUGGESTS* but does not prove the 6th Mass Extinction hypothesis. The 'colleagues' mentioned in this video consists of personal friends while there are other scientists that say 'nope' and others that don't reply at all because where no proof is presented, no rebuttal is required. And that 75% decline they say is an extinction level, hasn't happened. They are saying that they believe it will happen, some day, maybe. This 60 minutes episode reminds me of the History channel... doing shows on aliens. -_-
thankfully I still get woken up to varius birds singing in my area
Over here in Wisconsin  U.S.A. The shore line of lake Michigan is eating the land away. Lake levels are crazy high.
Only 14k views in days while a kid and grown man throwing jabs at each other goes viral over night
Humanity is committing suicide by murdering our environment and almost all of Earth's animal species.
One problem is that the wetlands have disappeared. Beavers used to help create wetlands. Humans can create wetlands, which helps wildlife.
Enter the gaslighting 1) narcissists: "This is all a hoax." 2) capitalists: "But think of the trillions of dollars we've converted nature into", and 3) the religious fanaticists: "God created the world for humans to enjoy" .
Brought to you by Pfizer
Research PhDs earn their living off of grants, no matter what the claim or area of "research" may be. Crooks
Guy has made a living on this doom and gloom story. Tax and regulations are the answer 😆 now go to China or the other non western countries to comply.
Every single American could have one acre in Texas. This is propaganda at it's finest.
You can watch movies from the 1950'S and there was a thousand times more birds singing back then.
They really hate modern society.
There’s plenty of earth for all of us. We just don’t take care of it or each other with the respect the world deserves. The only reason why the earth is considered “over populated” is because we’re failing it with how selfish we are with its resources.
He has failed all his predictions, what a farce.
Jesus will be here shortly. Enough of the lies! This is all prophecy. These guys have lied about dating artifacts, fossils and ignored overwhelming evidence of the flood.
If you want to save the salmon remove the dams blocking their ability to spawn.
It is happening on our watch*
Goodbye humans.
Don’t blame big corporations and especially don’t blame China for polluting the oceans
go vegan, thats the solution. people could have maximum economy and end of world hunger. flip the script and we all get a future earth for our children
Jordan Peterson (a psychologist) and Elon Musk (a successful capitalist) are going off in front of millions on Twitter, denying this is an issue and slagging this climate scientists' name through the mud.
It's quite amazing that we humans still exist  and breathe on planet earth as half of us  have our heads buried deeply in the sand.
All lies
Imagine how naive people still are who can't figure out what the real extinction (legalized extinction methods)threats are today and still believe the Earth is hundreds of millions billions years old spinning through an expanding "Space" and "Universe" with dinosaurs going extinct 66 million years ago. You can't eat up enough of this balderdash.
Feel like I’m in the late 90s early 2000’s hearing this slow 60 minute old white man voice over
I AM SPENDING THE REST OF MY LIFE IN THE MOUNTAINS OF PANAMA OFF THE GRID.
"SOILENT GREEN IS PEOPLE "
As a species; it is time for us to look out to space as it has always been thought of. It isn’t so far fetched as the resources and the techno know how are there. It is just a matter of bringing things together and getting back to making things well again and developing and actually investing the time and money needed into recycling the waste we have that can likely be turned into various forms of useable energy if harnessed properly. Is there a danger in this? When has never been? It is a known that that technology, especially both medical and military, have developed side by side throughout history. It is us dumb humans who choose to misuse what we have. Another ‘MAJOR’ thing that needs to be done to further preserve what bit of nature we have left as well as historical landmarks is to enforce sanctions and in some cases; ‘severe sanctions’. Especially here in the United States. Some of the bigger threats does not just come from a single person or a group of persons out partying or whatever, but corporations and the businesses that over-develop for housing and the like when the very money they receive could go towards restoration of towns and homes and maintaining farmland which would even bolster the economy. I’ve seen plenty of this myself both in Tennessee and Kentucky. It is a back and forth tug of war sort of thing where you have people and groups trying to preserve nature while others are out destroying it with some speaking hypocritically that it is all for the sake of helping people and/ or the environment and yet many of us really do need the calming sensation we receive from being close to nature and history. We keep disregarding many and very important things like a certain former luxury ship that had been enlisted in at least two World Wars, had been a base of operations for some famous people, and was simply discarded in the northern part of Kentucky on the Ohio River between both states and in a area that can only be reached by kayak or other means of traversing water as the property it is on is private. Last I knew; that properly was even be developed on so I have no clue what they plan to do with such a historic national treasure originally named the Celt and then named the U.S.S. Sachass (sorry if I spelled that incorrectly). The ship had at least four different names and holds a lot of history. I never really looked in the the reason why it was left there or what happened to it’s medals which not only belongs to the ship itself, but also to all the proud sailors and others who served on the vessel. We as humans are just to wasteful and ignorant.. And some of us even have ties to people, whether we like it or not, to people who have connections to others like politicians who bend the rules to get what they want. And that is why things are as messed as they are. We have even had self-proclaimed wildlife activists forming rallies in the past only to later be nonchalant about the environment like what they did was just some fad or whatever. We are capable of so much good but choose to do much evil even if it doesn’t appear so. I could carry on with this topic and other topics that may seem unrelated, which they are not as all are connected in some way, but it is just to much and who is going to listen to a nobody like me anyway? Suffice to say; our political system needs a major change with an entirely fresh start, sanctions placed where needed especially on certain kinds of development and where even if the location(s) is ‘owned’ by some rich person or a family, and a great many other things to much for one person or even a small group of people (and any decent businesses that actually try) alone can handle.. That’s just fact.. We don’t even really celebrate Earth Day like we should but certainly do enjoy celebrating other holidays that have far lesser meaning (well everyone likes their Taco’s, Donuts, Coffee, and other stuff even though those would be things of the past if we lost our way of life).. One can even argue that we are just existing without actually living in-spite how it may seem otherwise. Even education in school isn’t enough unless it is more hands on and engaging. Well.. I will just end my own argument with that. Again; who is going to listen to a nobody ..right?
And yet millions cross our southern border illegally!
Bill Gates once spoke at a college around 2016. In the speech he said; "we need to curb the survivability rate in children". Their solution to curbing population growth isn't an innocent one. The elites don't plan on sacrificing their way of life so you can enjoy yours, they plan on sacrificing yours and your kids so that they can enjoy theirs.
Protect the forest 🌳 spend the money thank god for donors wish I could put up millions for this
Sixty Minutes seems to put a lot of fear encouraging bullcrap out, eh?
Socialism creates too many humans.Too many humans creates climate change.
What is alarming is that the people of the number one nation that buys smuggled ivories, rhinohorns the Chinese are now in Africa. Animal protection groups should investigate if the population of animal wildlife are not suffering any abrupt decline and also study if smuggling of ivories have become rampant
No Climate Change prediction has ever happened
Oh! Stop this crazy reporting. God controls it all and the sin in this world has reached God the Fathers ears through His Son Jesus Christ and it’s so disgusting now..its making Him so angry and I don’t blame Him. God is not through yet. Worst Judgements are on the list…
(Picks up phone to call Thanos)
I have an invention/solution for the farming, pesticides, neoinsectide crises...and a means and solutions for producing 50%-100+% MORE FOOD! I cannot find 1 Person in the United States of America who is interested, nor who would even venture to try or care at all to do so...
Growing up, I on rare occasions would hear foxes at night, but never saw them. Now I do. I see deer much much more often. Elk are more common, as are moose and bear. Still hoping to see a cougar in the wild , which I have not, though I have seen where they have been. Not saying there are no issues (ESPECIALLY the oceans!), but the idea that we cannot survive, and thrive, seems to me a bit over-wrought. Human population growth is dramatically slowing almost everywhere, China is entering a population decline of massive proportions, and Paul Ehrlich has been very very mistaken in the past, said our cities would cease to exist before 2000, and mass starvation would be everywhere. He did not understand that so very many human beings are not automatons, but resourceful, creative and imaginative. —— All the things that Ehrlich  is not.
Professor Ehrlich was wrong in 1968 and he’s wrong now. Over the last 50+ years billions of people have been lifted out of poverty. Humanity now has more food than at any time in recorded history.  The living conditions of the 8 billion people that inhabit the Earth today are much better than that of the 3.5 billion people back in 1968, when Professor Ehrlich first voiced his doomsday proclamations.  He does not address that fact.  As to his contention that a “mass extinction” is happening right now, he has not given one specific instance of a species going extinct. In addition, he has not recognized the fact that every year thousands of new species are discovered.   I think Professor Ehrlich and Greta Thunberg should get in touch with reality and stop the fear mongering.
No it's not. Bye
No one else to believe a word I say, but if you do your own homework, you'll figure it out
It's not going to stop. Humans are too careless greedy and stupid. Like the man said.. we're sawing at the branch that we are living on.
In 2021, the Arctic sea ice extent was 4.72 million square kilometers, about 11 percent more than the 4.16 million kilometers in 2007, according to NASA’s estimates.
and Elon Musk is pushing us to have MORE babies or else human society will collapse?? Its like the poplar opposite of what this video is suggesting
1 third !!!
Did you ever fly to another country there's millions and millions of miles everywhere empty with water and trees and everything beautiful this guy's a funny...
The overuse of pesticides and fertilizers are a huge culprit.  The more humans the more use of these chemicals to produce food.
They said this same thing about garbage! We were supposed to be covered in garbage by now!
So much water that goes to California comes from the Colorado River. Don't talk about water loss in California stop messing with the skies in the atmosphere with the chemical trails.
Yeah, it's called the flood
Plainly nobody believes in God, God will do what he is going to do
Indoctrination
bunch of bull lolololol
You mean the 6th time tyrants stole all the world's wealth and killed off all the plebes, then themselves?
"14 salmon species are foundering.." More like FLOUNDERING amirite lolol
I blame environmentalists!  Had they not been desperately trying to cool the earth, we wouldn't be experiencing extreme cold fronts now.  Stop tinkering with the climate and let Mother Nature sort it out.  Like she has done for billions of years.
Economically it's makes sense to protect the ecological environment. The economic picture only makes sense in the long term though. It's not an ideal that makes sense for short term gains. If you don't protect your environment you will suffer for your arrogance.
We have plenty of beef
After seeing absurd things in the name of science the last few years, my trust of scientists is almost irrepairable.
Salmon has the highest count of mercury. I don't eat salmon.
It's happened five times before without anybody's help
Do you understand how much government land is on that no one can ever touch do you understand how much private property is owned by citizens? Do you know how much they're not producing nitrogen do you understand what they're doing in the skies with chemical trails? It's all planned every damn bit of it is planned. God said go out and multiply.
Dogs poop no longer turns white when it gets old.  I miss the good old days
This is a fn lie!!!!!!!
not not not true! ask elon musk
The planet will naturally respond as always. Humans created beliefs that are very similar to a virus or bacteria. "Be Fruitful, and become many." "I'm a vegan"--> WHICH REQUIRES MORE LAND TO FARM AND KILLS OFF THE ECOSYSTEM. Get electric vehicles=BURN MORE COAL. Then there's COBALT Mining. Earth will blow Yellowstone OR something once humans go too far.
When in the entire history of this planet going back billions of years has the climate NOT changed?  It changes from one season to the next.  But if these climate freaks happen to stop the climate from changing, can they please get it to stop at around 75°F year round?  Thank you in advance!
Greed destroys everything.
Fake news
Note that Polar Bear numbers continue to INCREASE, in total .      Only one small sub population decreased at all!
I think covid-19 was part of this. I think things like covid-19 & other diseases will come along & people will die. During lockdown the animals started flourishing. Evidently people didn't learn from this. The world was righting itself. Man will destroy themselves just like what's happening now.
If they don't weeds will be pulled here. Give up their material obsession inevitable and most will suffer hanging on to is going to be taken from them lessons to become soon to all
US should make it even more expensive for tourist for travels in nature. To preserve it.
Free the Tiger King
This is one of those videos that I just started but I'm pretty sure I won't be able to hear the whole thing.... and the depression effect will never go away.
Fear mongers! Cut it out
Bruh, I got rabbits, possums, racoons, deer, and all kinds of wildlife that goes thru my yard. Not sure wtf y'all doing
People will be forced to live with excess more than necessary
Why 75%?  Where did he come up with THAT number?  Wouldn't a 50% reduction help turn things around?  Even a 25% reduction?
Holy fud propaganda batman. How far has 60 min fallen?
More f****** eugenics bulshit from mainstream media
The elites want everyone around the world to change except for them. They will still be able to fly on their private jets and eat prime rib, while we eat bugs and are forced Not to travel.
They don’t have grizzly bears in California because they were hunted into extinction by settlers. That has nothing to do with overpopulation or global warming.
Deep state propaganda. Nothing true here. Use your brain. More green on planet now than 20 years ago.       Why is it always humans fault. How about the cooperations?   Who owns all the water in California?  Look into it. The truth is out there.
Turn your lawn into a host of indigenous plants. Re-wild the earth
Fake news.  This guy has been saying this same crap for decades.  60 minutes should be embarrassed.
Covid has had benefits..just not enough
And all you guys have is electric cars and solar panels😂
Blah blah blah! more fud to push climate change policies that will only benefit the rich to get richer 😂
When will the politicians become extinct ?
Sounds like a doomsday cult
Don’t trust paid science !
And this guy in the 60s suggested depleting the human population by putting chemicals in the water to make humans less fertile.
Thank you for sharing
You will be extinct and like it!
Earth is n a evolutionary process. There's more land on this planet most all humanity doesn't know about. Let's not leave out the corporations of the damage to all life and our planet they've caused. Illegally dumping the toxins into all our soils and waters. It's not a population problem. It's a corporations problem. Buying up the land,cutting down the forest to pour their concrete constantly building.  The whole system is broke.
Is it straight people and white people
If mankind can just eat once a day we will return those 70% in a blink.
Family planning helps and stop having too many kids especially if you cant support them.
Population growth too large for the earth? Terrible propaganda. No one is listening
"Mass Extinction"...according to WHAT scientists?  Are those the very same 'scientists' that mutually agree on catastrophic climate change and the incredibly short time till 'doomsday'?  REALITY CHECK:  Put 2 or more scientists into a room and there won't be any agreement on anything.
People wake up! Stop making more PEOPLE!! YOUR KIN are gonna have a rough life……..
Boomers are selling their family land for development left and right in my town.
Looks great for 90
Extinction can be stopped if we see how it’s triggered. Read on..  To support the population we produce  more green house gases,soil n plant conditioners,undegradable consumables.  More population,more temperature rise,less coastlines,less fresh air n water n food-  less usable space,more diseases ,low immunity,less healthy food,less healthy minds.  These will leads to suffering n slow population decline until  a new equilibrium with nature is reached.  Earth will survive but not so for us…reality but difficult to digest.  Pssst- new equilibrium can be achieved by lower green house gases,using bio neutral chemicals,learning ways to be contented and adapt to evolving environmental conditions.  Contented n dopamine detoxed but seratonin boosted humans are the needed for our Survival.
Enjoy while we can
Luckily, nature is perfectly balanced. Nature has a plan for us. All of the impacts we make eventually lead to a poorer quality of human life, thus making humans die off quicker, thus returning the resources back to nature
Yes we are. Safe and effective. Net zero baby.
I've always believed that we were crowding the earth and other species, as well as ourselves. How I wish it were more obvious to others. It seems so glaring!
ITS GREED.. Not going to stop until it ain’t no more.. FACTS
Yup, and we deserve every bit of it. The best thing for the Earth is for us to vanish
People dying of hunger. Homelessness.  People should give birth to only one child
Scott Pelley who never had one of his predictions come to pass.  Scott and Al Gore are good friends.
Wonderful episode
Hopefully humans will be part of the extinction.  Let the earth live again
I remember seeing so many dragon flies here in Louisiana, now I hardly see any; sad.
What else would you expect when corporations just care for profit, military care to be the deadliest, people breed like rabbits without a conscience. Seems like intelligent life was never found
Total lies
The Scientist are Woke
We all know that Democratic policies have left it is total world destruction of the fishing industry cuz anything to gruesome or any Democrat touches is a problem
Lol! No.
This segment is proudly brought to you by Klaus Schwab, Bill Gates and George Soros.
And I've never been happier.
Look how much more beautiful the World appeared during lockdown, the Earth came to a standstill so the cause of the demise could naturally become aware of its destructive path & change direction, we are the cause of the next mass extinction & we have already caused a lot of species to dissappear, maybe evolution is just a reactionary existence to what benefits or restricts healthy living as we could call it, I think if we are nasty to the planet beautiful species will decline & parasites & horrible species will multiply & eventually even they will die away after they have consumed life itself, we have to stear away from consumerism & accept that not even the elite have a clue & have only acted on what the masses appeal for & its obviously materialistic & void of lengthy life, we are the mass extinction cause!.
Thanks for calling it the Salish sea!
Humans have destroyed this earth and will make ourselves extinct without intervention!
Just a heads up: cricket protein powder tastes like the way a gorilla cage smells. It's disgusting. There is nothing wrong with continuing to eat chicken eggs and chicken if that becomes our only option.
We have always been the problem.
More fake news! lol
Thanos was right
And that why they came out with covid  government purge!!
When I first began my tree service 44 years ago, dead trees were harder to find, and tree diseases were relatively few, and well known. Today, dead and dying trees are found on so many properties that it defies belief. New diseases and invasive insects are hastening the decline of our urban forests. In Illinois, and much of the Midwest, the oak trees that define the region's majestic and longest-lived tree species are dying at such a rate that I foresee that in 20 years time, most of these stately trees will be gone. Having lived in Colorado, with it's verdant forests of the mid-1970's that state has seen it's own tree demise from bark beetles that have claimed now over a billion trees. These observations are but a small facet of the overwhelming degradation to the natural world that we all see in real time. What can each of us do- now, and tomorrow- to try to mitigate further environmental disaster?
Mmm I love me some tasty fear mongering
Does ray Epps work for Nancy pulisy? Makes sense
We need to pump more chemicals into fast food, eventually it will lower sperm count of the fat an lower income in the world which in return will benefit the human race.
The irony of this comment section though, as you ALL type on your devices that absolutely destroy the environment the materials for them are taken from. Lolol.
the only thing is danger on the earth  ( human )
We should discuss why the US continues to strive towards a cleaner sustainable future while most of the emerging industrial world continues to pollute without mentioning?  How is it logical for us to enable non US countries to produce MORE with LESS environmental responsibly.  There is more to it people than you will be told....do more research...dont believe anything you hear and only half of what you see.  They WILL spread fear and take your freedom in the name of ..........to gain POWER AND CONTROL over you!    Don't become SHEEP seek the truth.
Climate scientists are 0-41 in predictions.  Only NPCs believe this.
“Never again will I curse the ground because of man, even though every inclination of his heart is evil from his youth. And never again will I destroy all living creatures as I have done. As long as the earth endures, seedtime and harvest, cold and heat, summer and winter, day and night shall never cease.”  Calm down people.  There was one mass extinction event, by the owner of the place.  Won't happen again.  Concern yourselves about the condition of your souls.
What about Noah's flood. Remember Noah's Ark 60 minutes?
It's final here
European colonization destroying planet Earth who would have guessed
Only when the last tree has been cut down, the last fish been caught, and the last stream poisoned, will we realize we cannot eat money
They don't know squat! If there is no problem, they get no government money. It's that simple.
Hooray!! Wipe the slate clean and start over. Will we learn? Probably not.
Im a TX native, theyre tearing down treed land and building neighborhoods with no trees, dead deer are regularly spotted on the side of our highways now…its becoming more common to see wildlife in urban settings i had a fox in my alley…we are destroying the landscape and no one talks about it. Foreigners come here for a better life so they put these things out of their minds but more people isnt always better. At some point you have to say this is enough.
We the people destroying the earth  destroying nature and wildlife... we are giving up the earth for vanity Where's our murals n culture we're not doing a good job taking care of the earth for the next generations yet to come..
we're looking for more planets to plunder
Humans deserve extinction  Earth will then thrive and flourish without us ..
It sucks that the only one that will survive are the one doing all the damage the one that can afford bunkers the 1% 😡
It has to end sometime!
Well it was good while it lasted. Every minute is a gift I guess theres is not "a lot of fish in the sea, and rivers either"
greed is killing us .
Yet the smartest man says we're under producing babies
A fact of Life.
I've been saying this for many years. A generation or two next will suffer. More and more farmland and forests keeps getting sold to accomodate the growing human population by building condo buildings.
Totally rubbish about too many people..... thats jus apart of u guys plan
we have got to start thinning our population....the earth is more important than we are.....
Bunk!  This is just a bunch of crud.
He’s crying because the beauty of nature, we want to keep it.
Next episode on 60 minutes "Watch how the birthing rate is declining with special guest Elon Musk" 🤣🤣🤣🤣
You can thank capitalism
We deserve the planet we create.
Logans run. Everyone in the US stop having kids and start driving EVs and it will not change anything unless the rest of the world does the same. Logans run problem solved.
What a great piece of propaganda
Apart from humans committing genocide on others, it will all be F I N E, WE ARE NOT GONNA DIE because we killed nature. We're gonna die from a holocaust of epic proportions in the name of saving us.  It's NUTS.
"He didn't think it would end, WITH HIS ***FIVE*** FISHING BOATS"........YEAH, THAT FOOL IS A REAL DANCES WITH WOLVES KINDA DUDE......
Fake
I don't see any wildlife where I'm from in the Caribbean anymore. No fish in the rivers due to pollution. No butterflies because the fields were destroyed to make housing. No bats circle ahead wildly after six any more. When it rains, I no longer see rain flies, and the trees on the mountainside are being chopped down to the point where it is beginning to look like favelas in Brazil. Other than that, on the other side of the mountain, it is literally being brought down to the ground from quarrying.
That's why we need to be a multiplantary species
I found the piece lacking in fairness.  Only one side of the issue was presented.  The expert was wrong several times over his career. I would have liked to see scholars on the other side of the issue so that I can make an informed decision.
It’s about time animal agriculture is brought to the forefront. It’s the biggest threat to humanity.
@ 3:21 Dr. Paul Ehrlich - wrong since 1968.  In 68' , he predicted the end of mankind in a decade. Guess we're just lucky. Just another far leftist extremist who made his living from false fear, and being paraded around the drive-by media for over 55 years. Reminds me of Al Gore. Lot's of money in propagating fear.
Nobody alive right now will ever see any of of this happen nor will their great grandchildren.
This guy has been proven wrong on everyone of his major assertions, wish 60 minutes would have done due diligence and checked that out
7:33 ayyy here I thought these guys were making a big deal out of nothing.  that is the cold truth the planet is going to be fine, you may not be around long  but all of this will be around long after your dust.
Everything dies.  No one gets out of here alive.  The planet will survive, heal and new life will return.
Isn’t that year the year the club of rome determined there were too many people. Can’t remember
We do nothing but consume, consume, consume and its because of greed and paying the government their money otherwise you get sent to prison
Great.  Any other good news?
Lies all lies the Lord made the planet big enough for billions of people to live on
Mass extinction? Is that what they call genocide?
BS!
i was thinking i would die of old age before the suffering begins but not sure anymore.
The human race is killing all. Way to go human race. Kokanee salmon are all gone where I used to fish in the Colorado river in Colorado Rockies and the water is so low it’s ridiculous and can’t support fish at all. All the states like Arizona California are taking all the water away from everyone just because they want to live in the dam desert.
Interesting
Hopefully humans are next. Right globalists?
More animals. Less humans.  Your welcome.
Not true
It’s literally everything if you are rich & come together you can save or end the world.
#MotherEarth #2023 #3 #33 #RIP #Viral
Over population is a lie. Things will be so much better with 5 times the population, but more religious living.
Ehrlich was wrong then and he’s wrong now.
If we want to limit population growth in the United States, the obvious place to start would be to have an immigration moratorium.
The 1st world doesnt have a population problem.  The 3rd world does !  We do use up more resources with our wealthier life style
Revelation 11:18/ Humans are ruining the Earth
Woke extinction it seems.🤣
Don't buy into this. Think about Covid restrictions... Just saying
If the earth warms back up to the temperature it was when the dinosaurs roamed the earth and when the glaciers melted the earth will gain more land when those continents are exposed.
This is exactly why you see the wealthiest people of the globe buying up all the resources, depleting all the surpluses of governments and taxes, as well as transforming governments to be controlled by corporations, oilgarchs, and private equities, building these massive bunkers and mansions, islands, etc, with individual energy systems, even indoor agriculture and more. Because they know we are coming to this, and taking all of the wealth of everyone else to build their environments, and basically, after they took everything from us, they will isolate, and leave billions of people to die. Their goal is to reduce the global population from 8 billion, to about 500 million max, and basically preserve that amount of the human race, which will be the wealthiest and most educated. The new humans, will be part technological and part biological, AI will play a big part, and advanced medicine and health for longevity, and the future of humanity (what's left) will not have things like poverty or severe illnesses. They are probably preserving that forest area in south or central America, paying citizens to not cut wood, to preserve that area for the top wealth of humanity to have, years down the road, after most else is destroyed🟪
It appears that humans are a virus.
Just here to drop one...thanks
depressing
Why would politicians care?  They make sure they get first pick of what is left.  It just makes them feel "wealthier" when they are the only ones who can eat real food.
Paul Ehrlich is a joke. Been wrong since forever
read my green fire tommy & ruthie's blues amazon 🌈🦉
My thoughts on this is that 60 minutes is completely missing a big part of the problem.  I don't think it is going to play out exactly as they are saying.  Humans are damaging their ability to reproduce through pollution such as plastic.  And a lot of nations are having a serious replacement problem due to low birth rates.  So, I think in 100 years there are going to be a lot less people on earth.  It is kind of a race to see if animals and forests will get wiped out first.   And this doesn't even touch on the huge possibilities of famine, war, disease and civilization collapse.  Greed is also a huge driving force behind the destruction of forests.  I don't have a crystal ball but I like going into nature spending time among the trees, birds, squirrels, turtles and such.  It sure would be a more stressful world without such wonderful retreats as forests.  I want a better future for my children.   I hope animals are still alive to have a better future too.
This is anti-human propaganda. Human ingenuity has allowed modern civilization. Don’t believe this misinformation. It is Evil.
There is more land out there that is being hidden...
They will be saying that in 500 years time.Scaremongers
The sea is rising through concrete
Oh my dear grandchildren. Heartbreaking. We were warned.
what's the net worth of these faculty professors jetting around the world on vacations/conferences, eating at Michelin star restaurants and hording wealth?  they buy crypto which wastes electricity?     do they live in 3k sq foot homes?  have winter or summer homes?  new range rovers every 3 years on lease?    the carbon foot print of these faculty professors wearing Ferragamo shoes and Tom Ford handbags with multiple homes?   some poor hut dweller in Bangladesh causing the problem?  you're causing the problem you're trying to solve.
1) Man loses job because salmon are endangered and its not allowed to be fished anymore 2) Man changes to catching crab 3)... 4) Man didnt learn
Gods told me this would happen 3 years ago
So crazy
some guy Elon musk knew that we will need another planet at some point
If Scientists can determine that the moon and Mars could possibly sustain life if those planetary bodies are colonized.....even Elon Musk.....then why cant the deserts, the barren plains, the mountainous valley regions, rain forests, and other harsh places to live be developed here on EARTH first????? 🤔 Make this make sense!!! It can happen, all the tech we have now, but is it wanted?...........
PROPAGANDA
Fukushima Dai'ichi leakage of radioactive contamination is fuelling the extinction trend in the Pacific Ocean.  Fukushima Dai'ichi situation is too complex to ever by solved by human beings.  It is an utter tragedy.
Do these people ever stop with their lies and fear mongering?
Humans are an invasive parasite. It's already too late and only very few see it.
lol these clowns have been saying these old ideas for DECADES.   the earth can support 30 billion people easily especially with advanced plant farming and future meat farms made in labs, not from animals.
Just wondering where does all the salmon and tuna for canned fish come from?
Extintion of people smart enough to see this is just used as an exuse to controll and rape humans not in the elite
My car windshield used to be  covered with insects on highways, but I haven't seen any insect for many years.
The idea that there is a ray of hope to save the remaining undeveloped land on Earth is delusional. Brazil is Exhibit A. Yes Bolsanaro lost the recent election by a very narrow margin. But looking at the numbers u can see why the natural habitat is f***ed. Bolsonaro won 8 out of the 10 municipalities where Amazon deforestation is the highest. For example, in Novo Progresso, a municipality with a VERY high rate of deforestation, Bolsonaro won 82.9% of the vote. Think about that. The farmers and ranchers who live around the Amazon are going to keep burning and cutting down rainforest to make $$. And offering them $1,000 (or $10K) isn't going to stop it. People around the planet will continue to destroy natural habitat because it means short term $$, short term profits and short term jobs. That's what humans do. So yes, essentially we are all f***ed.
This species, humans, will march defiantly in denial to its own end.
millionaires interview millionaires wondering what to do!
With all the land that greedy landowners worldwide have, there is more than enough room for 50+ billion people!!........What needs to happen is the world needs to transfer to natural energy which I clean, but we all know what companies will be shut down if the world goes Green 👀😶 and all the sub companies that depend on the revenue and by-products that the CRUDE way produces.........
60 Minutes currently experiencing extinction.
lol Canada has a ton of land so does the US.  the US could 4x their population and be fine.
If I learned anything scientists always say the truth.
We just need another world war duh
I want the world to know that I can give you pictures of the spirit realm
the 4 billion need to stop procreating.  They are ruining it for the rest of the world.
Looking at china
Fear mongering.
60 Minutes has become so commercial. From what's his name the new coach of the University of Colorado to this guy who is getting his cannabis "consulting" shout-out to ppl make stock plays on brands like lumber liquidators. It's not even about the content anymore.
This guy hasn't been right in 50 years. And this is 60 minutes. What a joke.
We are not over populated, we are just doing bad things to the earth.
How about going back to horses and motorless boats? Do away with trains and plains and nuclear bombs and tanks ? Stop shooting rockets into space...........you know , I guess that wouldn't be an acceptable answer since it wouldn't be convenient for the upper classes of society.
Let’s be serious people who can’t afford children are getting support when they shouldn’t. Gov support is hurting the economy. Homelessness is a form of purging. If we don’t allow purging then we get overpressure or overpopulation.
BS
Read The Closing Circle from the 70s, none of it came true.  So there that issue.  So called Scientists in the 70s thought we would have an ice age by now. They make educated guesses, best we can do.  So take it all with a grain of salt.
there has not been a grizzly bear in california for over 100 years.. is this what they call gaslighting?? or just lieing?
Rich people make things unsustainable
The biggest problems are rich people that on large corporations that don't want to follow the rules because they're only interested in money they don't care who they hurt. Just like our governments, most of them are really interested in getting rich off of the backs of laborers. They are the true killers of the environment
Only mass extinction seems to be brain cells in this country ! 😆
What a load lies.
Those people high real life high but they are right
Time to shut the grid down so all life can heal ,selfless not selfish ,they took the water ways from the people ,greed did this ,ego ...we need an evolution of the heart  ..we are nature ,flowers in the garden growing together ,she needs us 🌈🕊️🌍💚🌍🕊️🌈we are the last living generations of humanity who can stand ,our children will not know how ,we are the ones hand in hand together we stand all across the lands ,reset ,mother gonna dance ..it's an inside job for a reason ,soul thru soles ,she knows who's who 🤗💯🧘‍♀️💯💯
the only solution is find another planet.
We are not doing it. It is the wicked devil's seed who are doing it via gmo, chemtrails and so on. Research what happened to people who developed cars that run on water! Water! Also research what happened to the technology that allowed FREE energy for everyone.  The devils are deliberately destroying the earth and blaming humans! Facts!
If half of humanity (4 billion people) live on just $10 a day, they are not the ones with gas-guzzling SUV, beef steaks, rare wood furniture, etc.  The U.S. makes up only 4.5% of the global population, yet we consume 24% of its energy, for example.  Most chopped trees that became furniture end up in the U.S.  We produce more pollution than any country except maybe China.  We are the biggest cause of the problem; therefore, the responsibility should PRIMARILY rest on us to fix it!
The answer is to stop building homes from wood so you stop cutting down the trees,  which are only being cut down because there is a large demand for wood to build homes with in the year 2023.   We need to start using different materials like steel and earth based products instead of wood.   Also we need to control production processes in China and India to ensure they are done in an environmentally clean way.
🤣
They already have put a remedy in place for this problem.
nothing to do with extinction
The dinosaurs???!   Hajhaha.   Really???   Thats all u got?   Fight for it the.
The movie Idiocracy was 100% right about everyting.
Big lie! When The Most High created the earth, He set in motion a system that is abundant. The seeds from ONE orange can produce about 20 orange trees. Until the greedy children of the devil presented gmo friuts with NO seeds in them!  There will always be a problem if the following occurs: Picture this.  A pie is divided into 20 slices to be shared among 20 persons. Three of those persons grab 17 slices among themselves, then complain loudly that there isn't enough pie for everyone so get rid of some of the other 17 persons- there are too many people  This is exactly what is happening. Let the greedy thieves give back what they stole and stop hogging what was placed on the earth for the benefit of everyone.
Whoever believes this is a sad story.
It’s from fish farms
Where there is a will,,,,,
He was wrong.
Fake news !! Trump 2024 🇺🇸
But ppl are sooooo focused on their own lil dumb lives
Well that's cool, they bounced back five times already so this time around ought to be a cake walk.
Ughhhh
humans won't take this seriously until they can no longer get a clean drink if water
Explain everything they are finding in the ice caps that are melting things that were there before man had the capabilities to produce all this greenhouse gas
Love is extinct and there’s no love left once the love is gone I think people will be gone soon after people need love
The Death Cult captured 60 Minutes on Sunday night. Relying on discredited Stanford academic Paul Ehrlich, we’re supposedly yet again running out of resources, headed to a sixth mass extinction, and other assorted horrors. The reality is that the planet is doing well, the amount of land under conservative now exceeds the entirety of the African continent, the land needed for animal grazing has declined, and humanity is okay. What is striking is how the Malthusians, the climate change zealots, and the transgender advocates all head in the same way — to save the planet, we must sterilize the kids and stop procreating.
We'll Make Great Pets
I would have been nice if y'all had thought of the people with hearing disabilities that depend on closed captioning.
Get your boosters. That'll take care of it.
If you watch one of the videos of a brain surgeon working on a patient who's playing a musical instrument while undergoing surgery knowing the slightest miscalculation would make the music stop. Now imagine what were doing to the global god conscious made up of plants,animals,trees n the eco system as a whole. God shows you things but it's like nobody has the eyesight to see or understand the language.
just wait...  the Lord Jesus Christ is coming back very soon, and He will burn the whole earth with fire at His coming.  (you have no idea what earth warming is, nor what it looks like)& it's *not* a "globe."
The worlds population fits in Texas…. This is a old folks tail.
If you believe this, I've got some ocean side property in Kansas to sell you.
so in other words . Get ready for climate lockdowns.
Finally, some good new.
total b.s.  … the earth could support a trillion people if people were smarter and more efficient .
Yes it is thanks to the Luciferians that run the world and their agenda. Little to they know there is one coming that will finish the job unfortunately for them it included them.
🤣ffs... what are they telling them now?
The world is not over populated! People who think it is need to get over themselves. The human ego is over inflated.
...earth is angry due to the outcome of the final game on the championship in the soccer world cup 😠
"Overpopulation would trigger widespread famine ,  he was wrong about  that ".  How can he say it's wrong ? There is still plenty of time for that prophesy to come true .
I don't agree!!!  Have you been on a plane lately?  There are vast landscapes with no humans and the Earth has always changed with new rivers with new biodiverse animals.  Yes old species are gone and tradition is dead!  It is time to modernize and diversify.  Also, the creator of this Universe knows what it is doing with our population.  We are supposed to grow and be fruitful then expand to other planets... We just need to be smarter and keep growing
We must get rid of Capitalism
Glad I didn't contribute to this. I'd hate to think of the lives of children i might of had in 30 years.
Unfortunately there will be lots more mass extinctions  B F the end off Earth. If you want to stop it clime a mound with 70 miles winds blowing in your face and take a leak without getting wet. get use to to it will happen for sure. We will be the shortest lived spices ever to die out
60 mins in Australia was an awesome show in its hey day, to bring about truth, and sometimes, justice. This isnt the true 60 mins
He’s wrong, these beliefs are driven by Eugenics and Transhumanists.
This was always going to be the result of European colonization.  Mass death mass extinction.  At least you had fun.
The "unremembered" people are going extinct 1st.. cosmic karma will not let them produce, meanwhile the darker people are thriving still
What if humans are the bad guy and don't deserve to continue on?
Humans are not an advanced Species
People like me next 😞
Money power and attention kills 💎💎💎 love unity family
The earth is doing this to itself.
Said this for years, am 73 and glad cos me and my love wont be around to see what our grandchildren will have to put up with. AND ITS DOWN TO US
This is a Lie , a Bunch of BS  .
All lies, we do not take up 70% of the land. you could fit all the humams alive in london if they stood shoulder to shoulder, its easy  to do the calculation,  20x8inchesx8billion = 18 square miles.  Roughly.  It takes about quarter an acre to support each one, thats 2 billion acres and theres 37billion acres of land in the world.  So still a spare 35 billion.  And theres nothing from stopping us farming on the ocean too.   Ignore these panic merchants, theyre just trying to sell their books most of the time and the rest theyre just crazy..
Unfortunately it’s not the humans
People keep pumping out babies like there is no tomorrow. And guess what soon there won’t be.
Overpopulation is a bad thing! The government around the globe should do something about this and limit their citizens to 1 child per couple.
Well that sucks😂
Hurraaa for roundupp
Thank You 60 minutes for finally bringing this into the main stream light!  Coming to grips with this will not be easy, but if we don't come accept it and rise to the challenge, we will face very real and harsh consequences.  Bringing the population back in line with what the planet can support does not have to be inhumane, it can be done voluntarily.  But we need leaders who are willing to step up and talk about it.  Educators who are willing to teach it.  Most of all masses who are willing to support it as if our future depends upon it!  Because it does!
It's okay folks.  The next world war will reduce the human population by billions.  Greta will be pleased.
So many lies. We no longer accept your lies. Somebody ask about the gmo salmon turning on real salmon and eating them. Control the food control the people control the water control the ppl.
Global Environmental tax for everyone!!!
"Nonhuman animals are worthy of covenantal care and protection, and humans have a calling to exist in a covenantal relationship with them."
Lies
Oh yeah,  60 minutes has a lot of credibility having leftist alarmists whaco's crying the sky is falling.
This is one of the videos of all time.
I don’t believe this at all.
funny how ppl forget this used to be a warmer larger planet.. everytime large masses die off.. usually impacts from space.. read the earth like i did.. 4yrs old.. "it looks like a squished ball of bread in my hand".. then y'all found out i was right then.. being gifted.. pointing out facts your educated doubted cuz i made them look bad since then.. & since reagan went in to office 1982 when i met him after carter.. was 12 then
Damn man now that I think about it, I don’t hear crickets or see firefly’s at night anymore
Lol, after covid and stuff I thought we lost a 6th of our population...I suppose the depopulation agenda has not been too successful. We're gonna need a few new wars. Dang global elitist propaganda.
❤️🙏 🌍🙏❤️
The normal cycles of Earth.  Man's egotistical thoughts that "We can change the climate" is absolutely delusional.
The main problem is population growth.  Since 1974 the world population has almost doubled.  Those people need food and shelter. The space used to produce food is converted into living space.  I see old farms getting bought out by home developers all the time.  At some point the space to produce food will not be enough to support the existing population.
When mother nature  throws in the towel. Then we will understand and then start to care when it's to late.
I believe world is sustainable, there are just only some greedy people that doesn't care the betterness of humanity
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Unpopular option: not having children, or having a smaller family. We can lessen our impact by having less of us!
Actually, there are no "natural" resources. All resources are human-made. The only resource that is natural is the human mind. That's the ultimate resource. "The Ultimate Resource" by Julian Simon is the antidote to the insane prognostications of Prof Ehrlich. Also, take a look at the bet between Simon and Ehrlich. Spoiler: Ehrlich lost definitively.
What’s scary is who would stop the people from breeding? It’s a run away train. I won’t be here much longer thank god because human greed is destroying our world.
what would an aztec or mayan or natives think about what has come to their land and now realize thats us.
Population collapse and AI will ensure we survive until WW3
Keep your head in your phones...like ostrich head in sand🤔...or pray to your gods...OR DO SOMETHING ABOUT IT! Your GREED RAPED THIS WORLD
Hubris + Greed = This
Greed & Stupidity. Everything bad that happens seems to originate from wealthy oligarchs seeking to increase their wealth at the lowest cost possible. Certainly, we could've devised viable alternatives to fossil fuels decades ago had there been the political will to do so. But no, greed & stupidity prevented that. Smart phones are making us dumb. Idiocracy is the comedy that became a documentary. If humans go extinct, we will deserve that fate.
Always with the doom an gloom.
SOYLENT GREEN!
BS
only 10% of us care and only 1% is doing anything about it
Fear mongering
More people to feed so remove tree food CO2 and fertilizer to make it grow what a good idea what can go wrong,
Billionaire,s need to be stopped from the financial greed they pursue,  Billionaire Greed is the main cause .
If it was truly due to sustainability local ordinances that prevent people from having livestock and gardens would be lifted
I remember lots of dragonflies in swampy land near my house when I was a child in the 90's, used to be fascinated by them, watch them for hours during summer holidays, last time I seen one solitary dragon was 5 years ago.
Just take the free clot shot
Tell the government to stop colluding with big business to hoard available housing so they can continue to demolish the wild and build more. It’s all about that money, baby, and the US government wants it all.
Malthusian bs
Armando crying and Liz was getting upset, but it's not like they showed up for their interview in a Rickshaw. Relax.  It was bound to happen sooner or later. We had a good run 👍
“For this is what Jehovah says, The Creator of the heavens, the true God, The One who formed the earth, its Maker who firmly established it, Who did not create it simply for nothing, but formed it to be inhabited:  “I am Jehovah, and there is no one else.” (Isaiah 45:18)   “For evil men will be done away with, But those hoping in Jehovah will possess the earth. Just a little while longer, and the wicked will be no more; You will look at where they were, And they will not be there.  But the meek will possess the earth, And they will find exquisite delight in the abundance of peace.” (Psalms 37:9-11)
It’s not that we have to many people on the planet, it’s the means we go about living that’s the problem. If we implemented the technology that Tesla had figured out, then we’d all be a thousand times better off.
The subject is very relevant but the video rather uneducated. Separating human habitat and affairs from land is a very useless strategy, cant put a fence around nature. Aside from Permaculture farms and construction methods many different sustainability experiments are been carried on all over the planet. The only functional survival strategy is to bring people to the land in symbiosis, which is what we have not learned. The brutal industrialization of agriculture is the one that has left its mark since the 70s, but aside from communion with the biosphere automation also offers one more opportunity to implement better and more sustainable practices. Clearly monocropping, pesticides and now GMOs, are the main culprit here and I find an appalling lack of reasoning (and a lack of a scientific base) to  say that there is too may people in the planet without looking at the most obvious which is “the way of life that is causing the destruction”. Because we are in the middle of a political wave of powerful people who come from the industries that profited destroying the planet telling us now that there are to many people as the causal reason for this extinction, and is not true, they are the cause.
I feel helpless. My career industry makes so much waste as well - I work in healthcare. We didn’t learn the indigenous way of just taking what we need and to conserve and leave for others. We learned the colonialist way of having it all as god has given it to us. Don’t let it waste. Know look where we are. Brings me feelings of helplessness
Nothing to worry about here, we are talking about wild extinction, humans are not wild, therefore not our problem. Not only that, if you want to see that "grizzly bear" that went extinct in California, thanks to today's most advanced "growing" population, new scientists can make that bear appear back using "scientific magic" of DNA, similar to Jurassic park. I read few months ago that scientists were planning to Resurrect the Tasmanian Tiger which went extinct. Therefore there are massive conflicting information presented in this short documentary, such as that the world can not produce enough food for it's growing population, this is not true since with human advanced farming intervention it is possible to sustain the growing population. Matter of fact the world wastes 1/3rd of it's food or never gets eaten. Logistics and business implementation for production of food is also another factor not being able to feed the world. However, old school farming does seem to be "plausible" that it's not sustainable for the growing population, this is why humans need to use more advanced farming methods. The current wild animals are being extinct... but the house dogs, cat and rats will still be here, remember folks, survival of the fittest and smartest, humans will not be extinct in this documentary context and that matters the most. Why should we care if an elephant goes extinct? How is an active living and eating elephant going to help humans to be more civilized, smarter, advanced and reproduce other than enjoying to go to the zoo and looking at an elephant? With that said, I support in getting rid of all of the elephants and wild life to grow, construct buildings to sustain more growing population, that elephant can be resurrected later in the future thanks to advanced genetic science.
I´m not saying I don´t care about the earth and Ecology, I do. I live in a small apartment, walk a lot, dont buy new cars, only eat natural food, etc.    But listening to this we really need to consider the source.  We have a few isolated examples, and all of the scientists are from a very left wing state, area, and profession with a political and ecological agenda.  That´s fine, we need these people and I appreciate them, but there are a LOT of counterpoints here that have not mentioned in this piece.. Many places all over the world are thriving, a lot of places have more trees than ever before (north America), and a lot of the worst ecological tyrants are in Asia, the middle east and and Africa.  The Americas and Europe are all tree hugging hippies in comparison to the destruction taking place in other areas, but North Americans are being used as the goblins here.
Golf courses
There are a lot of comments on this video but not one speaks of the Bible. This is all biblical...it's in the Bible that this would happen in this generation. This is the year of the Lord. You better hold on cause this is nothing. Be AWAKE not woke. God bless everyone
0pp0
Pretty basic really, work with Mother Nature or get wiped from the face of the earth, nothing airy fairy about it.
Over fishing killed the salmon.  The damns also killed them.
That's cool -. Capitalism actually benefits from chaos.  Solutions are unimaginable to the believers in the system.
We need corrupt news organizations like CBS to go extinct .
Fake news selling propaganda and fear for politics and money
More fear mongering from the media
Water resource crisis..yet all I see is constant buding of massive apartment complexes homes and business centers.
This guy has predicted 6 of the last zero extinctions
Jesus said birthpains will be signs , Jesus returns soon,!!!!
Too bad they turned away from Jesus. After all Jesus says there are two types of people, sons and daughters of the devil.. And sons and daughters of god.(Jesus).
LOL they blame everything but the people that are fishing for them..... Typical liberal media....
It’ll be alright.
I'm a truck driver that drives All 48 states in America and I see tons of deer and other animals dead on the side of the road humans Were Dying by simply crossing the road we would certainly have a quick solution what can we do to solve the problem of murdering innocent God given precious animals or simply crossing the highway in Wyoming I saw tall fences that deer could not jump writing this I see about three to four foot high fences that deer can jump how can we solve it
The only extinction I see is the thousands of daily miraculous "sudden death cases" worldwide after the Vacc was released in 2021... 😞 and of course the death of insects we need for growing food because of pesticides from the same companies and spraying Aluminium and Barium daily into the clouds...
“According to scientists” is currently the biggest red flag out there……
Paul elrich is a discredited scientist who has repeatedly made predictions of doom and gloom and been proven wrong. So humanity is too large and we r going to starve so 60 minutes recommends doing less farming and keeping land 'wild' ; make that make sense.
Elon Musk and friends will escape, he already sees it coming
Government and money is killing the planet not the simple living humans.
What it really means is the human race is going to have lost its most essential survival elements.  It doesn’t get much more basic than fresh water.  Funny how many don’t believe science but still think that science is going to somehow get us out of this.
That man is 90, in good health and a sharpe mind, he's a human to look up too
The humam species reminds me of a viral outbreak
What are we talking about here because an asteroid took out the dinosaur. How many times has the earth been depleted fully of its resources by human kind.
I think i know the answer governments will give. You can bet its not gonna be liked by humans.
The population is already at its largest and is now in decline birth rates have plummeted in all countries so the overpopulation gurus really are full of it
Want to have your mind blown?  Earth is actually sparsely populated. A simple math problem requiring 7 data points and about 3 minutes to solve will demonstrate that the ENTIRE population of Earth (currently almost 8 billion) could comfortably live in the State of Texas in very modest sized (1600 sq. ft) houses with 4 people per household.  And the math is not complex: simple addition, division and multiplication. Almost all data I show below is rounded to nearest value for simplicity. Here's the data:  current population of Earth, Wikipedia shows 7.9 billion                               Texas square miles: 268,597                                Acres per square mile: 640                                therefore Texas acreage: 171,903,000                                7.9 billion divided by 171,903,000 equals approximately 46 meaning each acre would house 46 people, I round up to 48                                 So you'd need 12 houses per acre to house 4 people each                                There are 43,560 square feet per acre                                 So 12 lots per acre would be 3630 square ft each lot                                So each lot would be very close to 60ft x 60ft.                                 A 1600 sq ft house could be 40 ft x 40 ft                                 Remember: families of 4 per household for this exercise. So each lot would have a 2000 sq ft yard, or 3600 sq ft minus 1600 sq ft.   Many modern tract houses now have less than 20 feet between houses in sprawling suburban areas.  And "yards" well under 2000 sq. ft. We've all seen them.  Now I know what you're thinking: How would such an imaginary place even be livable ?? I thought that while doing this thought exercise.  But, at 48 people per acre we'd have a 30,720 people "population density per square mile".  Doesn't sound good, does it?  Go to Wikipedia for the world's top 50 most densely populated cities.  A lot of those cities you've likely never heard of and some are very familiar.  They are also ranked by "population density per square mile".  By "population density per square mile" my imaginary city-state of Texas wouldn't even be on this list. But some VERY livable cities, Paris for instance, ARE in the top 50.  And remember that my imaginary Texas has EVERYONE living on ground level; no condos, no two story or three story homes, no high-rises, no skyscrapers.  And so if you wished to squeeze in some roads and make accommodation for lakes and other natural infrastructure and even high-rises for singles or those who prefer city life, etc. then the average size of the remaining lots in Texas could be even larger, so the houses could be larger.  And remember that for about half the world, a 1600 sq. ft. house isn't a home, it's a palace. There's a reason Paul Erlich has been consistently wrong with his doom and gloom population predictions, for decades now.  He's either not conceptualizing the problem correctly or he's too lazy to even attempt to do so.   Or....he's lying. And none of these other self-identified "experts" are taking into account the ingenuity of the human species.  When things get bad...we adapt. We survived the Ice Ages, right?  I rest my case.
Only thing that is flourishing in my city green way and parks sadly are the homeless ,another victim of greed. What I noticed in my backyard  I have more praying mantis  this year counted ten adults, don't know what they could be feeding on since other insects have taken an hit in population.
We will all be dead because nobody cares , because people are all about money and money destroys all
Let Kim Jong Un be Genghis Khan the second and save the planet by being the second and last Genghis and ending humanity. Now, we are pleading to our enemies to annihilate us. How come be!
How do you not know that going to the store and buying stuff, over eating, over consuming, driving your car to work every day is a problem? I have lived in the same house most of my adult life, i dont fly, I rarely travel, i recycle everything, we use renewables, i have compost gardens. I am doing what I can but its nothing, it does not make a dent.
Bruh they been saying this for the past 20+ years I'm not going to worry for this year either
I remember as a kid there was so many “lightening bugs”. I haven’t seen them in over 15 years seriously. Edit: From Va if anyone is curious.
dont believe anything they tell you. they also say God isnt real, Jesus was just an inspirational speaker and that you came from apes
Just look at how much chicken is being eaten. There is no way enough chickens is being produced to feed all these humans. They are cloning chickens or it’s fake chicken. Something not right:
It’s not climate change.... it’s man..
....and STILL we boast about growing the economies!!!! Stomp the accelerator to oblivion, the destruction of the biosphere!!!!!!! God have mercy on us each and every, PEACE Family of Earth.
Too much consumption? Have you ever seen how much stuff is stocked in the grocery stores that doesn't get purchased and is required to get thrown out if expired? Dumpsters are full on a daily basis at every store in every town and every city.  I think the govt allows them to write it off on their taxes too.
America is in the buisness of war. That is the fastest extinction on earth and americans are hellbent on killing ppl. They change tacticks not long ago and make other fight theyr wars. Tha last one is úkraína vs russia. Biden and Zelensky say they will not Stop untill Putin is dead. Putin has enoph nucular weapons to destroy the planet. Sounds like a suiside mission to me. Fock Biden
Our population is in decline as well,.
Uhh. I'm sure the Creator  already thought of this and has a plan..
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
BS
I really wonder how many fools believe this BS?
in my hometown in southern California, developers continue clearing our diverse and beautiful coastal sage scrub habitat. There are so many insects, birds, and plants that are rare or endangered, and the vast majority of residents are ignorant of their existence.  People landscape with almost entirely invasive plants from big box stores which do not support the insects, birds and other animals.  Everyone out there should learn what plants are native to your area, and turn your yard or open space around you native!
We got a lot of exposure to this back in the 1970s then it seems everybody forgot and went back to business as usual. Fifty years goes by fast after it has, even though it seemed like forever back then. TIME IS UP!
No surprises here, most humans are very good at one thing, pretending resources are limitless.  There is a small minority that cares about the future and the welfare of other generations, but it's a small slice of a big pie.
Extintion of animals is regular. Sayin that its A human fault is hallarious. We only been watching  the fauna of the earth few hundred years.. dozenz of billionares shooting lions and giraffes are just á margin of our effect on other spieces.. Come to think of it.. with all the pandemics and american wars, ppl today die faster than we can produce. So aint that a human extiction in real life.
In America, we’re having a mass extinction of common sense and reality. I’m ready for the planet to flush the crap.
I have seen this happening for many many years seeing the disappearance of nature from my property in the jungles,the mountains of North Thailand.Absolutely horrendous, despicable, disgusting humans
You should amend your headline to "Earth currently experiencing a sixth mass extinction, according to debunked anti-human propagandists"  Then it would be accurate.
At least if we have a World War it shouldn't effect  most jungles.  Lol. Also most humans should be wiped off the face of the earth.  On another note, humans are not causing global warming.  It's caused by volcanos.  There are more volcanoes going off now than in anytime in human history.   Humans have helped global warming very, very little.
Has anyone looked at their cities from a plane or high building recently? What do you see? Apart from buildings you see trees for miles and miles. It's only in the sprawling slums of African cities where you don't see trees, probably because they get cut down for fuel. Here in Australia, there are more trees than there were a century ago, when they were cut down for building material and fuel. Thank the abundance of fossil fuels that trees are thriving to the point that they are a problem.
Well there is nothing we can do about it. Humanity will one day soon go extinct too and so be it. The Human species never tries to do anything good anyway if we all go extinct then let it happen.
As long as we have a handheld device and a wifi connection we don't give a F*%#. We don't. The good thing is, Mother Earth will go on without us. The California Grizzly was not only it's own species, it was hunted to extinction. And it isn't just about climate change. We are consuming natural resources at a far faster rate than they can be naturally replenished. And put some sprinkles on top of that platter, of non-recyclable materials.
Gluttony agreed and wickedness is coming back in the form of cosmic Karma to humanity for our doing to this planet. An don't forget that the world's wicked governments system are stopping humanity. To be able to have full control over us. We was programed exactly how they wanted it to be.  Wake up... We all need to get out of this matrix.
These are the people who should be wonderful people. Who have the answers so they can  sustain what is left of earth population. As it continues to change
Do what you can: join or form a chapter of Extinction Rebellion. Educate / Target / Resist!
White man talk 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Denver air port mural anybody!?
That's how u know humans ain't living right
Nothing new here.....thats life....more scaremongering
Too many Doomsday predictions that haven't come true. After a while, it's like the boy crying wolf. In biblical times, didn't they use to stone 'false prophets' to death? Ha!
As long as corrupt politicians make the big decisions and not scientists, this situation will unfortunately never going to change.
BIRTH CONTROL
Unfortunately,this is old news and still nothing changes. Let's hope we nuke ourselves as the Planet will recover,we will not!
It's the same story Academic profits from books and lecture career to feed fearmongering leftist media appetite
Certain things need to be regulated for the good of everyone.  Especially when WILDLIFE is concerned..... Wildlife can't just come up and LOBBY FOR THEMSELVES.
So basically we need to get rid of all the Millenials... OK Boomer.
For practical purposes, WW3 might be  sadly necessary.  There is no other way aside from systematic de-population.
Animals will become a fantasy just like elf’s and dragons. Until nobody believes they existed ever just like dragons and elf’s.
No water, but yet it's on wall Street.
It's not us , polluting this planet,.it's corporations, and playing god with the weather, not to mention weapons of destruction , radiation .ECT ect .all for greed .and now they want depopulate..they should start with themselves ..stop believing what they are trying to seell us .lies on top of lies .
A rational, yet not so  obvious solution  to the problems of biodiversity loss, *climate change* and soaring *socioeconomic inequality,  is for the world at large to transition out of capitalisms in totality as an economic framework, market based capitalism in particular- and into a system structured with decentralized technologies uniformly- that is to say these particular systems  will rely on feedback from each other, and from  environmental inputs to produce relevant sustainable outputs based on REAL resource availability and scarcity, among other variables.  The game we are playing at large here, heavily depends on endless cyclical consumption patterns which are notoriously detrimental to all life support systems- solely for the sake of keeping the economy afloat and powering corporatocracies, while largely producing negative outcomes on just about every single measure of environmental and public health.    On many levels, this ' system' is outdated, and quite frankly, is not worth fixing since we have and have had technology at our disposal for a while now to alleviate stress.  Most if not all of the problems we face are created by markets and policies that govern them or lack there of and more market based solutions aren't the answer to them. They're completely decoupled from nature. An ever so expanding population, while problematic, is not the root cause of these issues, but greatly magnifies them in tandem with governing structures at play.  Can't convince a politician or the general population of this thou since anything contrary to what we have now will generate immediate resistance based on fear.
Can't wait til it's all over.
Egypt used to be lush but its environment change like all areas do on earth. Granted we could do with more Vertical plant and animal farms. Takes money and Political Will.
Google "how much land is needed if everyone went vegan."   Going vegan is the easiest and biggest impact a single individual can have. If everyone went vegan we could literally reduce our land used by 75% and still have enough food to adequately feed the whole world a nutritious diet sustainably.   "...it takes around 100 times as much land to produce a kilocalorie of beef or lamb versus plant-based alternatives."  "...around 80% of all agricultural land is used for meat and dairy production."   Going vegan would save the world from climate change and world hunger. But those making money off these industries would have you believe otherwise.
I pray 🙏 for our earth 🌎 this is devastating
We need someone to just come up with something that could save the earth asap man
To our future AI Overlords - It was money, it was always about money. That is what killed us humans off.
You see Developers over developing every piece of land, leaving nothing for animals.  We allow it, then we deserve what happens next.
Algo
It's just the ending for a new beginning
This is why the ancients built temples and homes out of stone. If they had thought to tear down trees and dig up the earth for all the precious metals we would been extinct long ago.
"They paved paradise and put up a parking lot.....They took all the trees and put 'em in a tree museum And they charged the people a dollar and a half to see them." - Joni Mitchell
...it's called the cycle of life...and death...but you need not be afraid of death-Romans 10:9, John 3:16 among many others...we are but a vapor on this Earth, ashes to ashes, dust to dust...God Bless EVERYONE!!!...
Everyone can do themselves a service and read "The Population Bomb".  I'ts never too late to increase your Intelligence.   🐒😇
Buy ammo, stock food and water. The time is coming.
I didn't know anything about his predictions prior to now, but I've been saying this for years.
Then why did you dump all that water into the ocean?
🙏
COVID didn't do enough, unfortunately
Humanity will learn one way or another. Mankind, selfishness, and self gratification will be a determination of whether we've Excel or self-destruct
Good news 😁. It's about time we die already. Time for the illusion to fall.
The solution is so simple: Release the free energy technology and provide the know how for people to be fully self-sufficient. With free energy and the ability to create infrastructure anywhere we can spread out.
Thanos was right, unfortunately.
So humanity is indeed a VIRUS.   Just like Agent Smith explained in the movie The MATRIX!🤔🤔🤔
Isn't humanity facing extinction
It's not the weather effecting the fish, it's radiation from failed Fukushima nuclear power plant. Don't belive anything they tell you. If it comes from mainstream news, it's most likely a lie. No matter how real it sounds. The earth heats and cools naturally over thousands of years( proof in the study of ice cores). Nothing we do will stop it. Elon Musk even said that we dont have enough people now to sustain our retiring population. There is plenty of food. They are destroying crops and animals, trying to increase inflation. They are all full of ____!
Sure, it's our consumption as a population. No mention of waste mismanagement.
So important, vital to share this message far and wide and with our representatives and leaders. I’ve thought that wealthier countries need to invest in preserving wilderness around the world. You don’t have a country without a viable planet and eco systems. Converting rainforest into unhealthy palm oil or grazing land shows that we need sensible government oversight on land use. Costa Rica is restoring habitat with eco-tourism.
I got the solutions reduce the human population by about 7 billion that should do it
And we're going to do what? Welcome to nature.
👍👍👍🙏🙏🙏.
Human beings are victims of their own selfishness and greed. Btw, Hurlock is 90?
I will die a climate-related death.
Hopefully,the DEMOCRATS are next. They are OBSOLETE!!
We know how to grow enough food to feed the world but we don’t why ? We know how to give everyone clean water but we don’t why ? Greed ! Humans are self serving greedy easily corrupted.only until everybody gets their fair share….. continue to burn the planet we will.
Quit the lies. The earth was created to be fruitful and multiply. You think the most high created something that wouldn’t be able to sustain the life on it? Pushing propaganda
YOU JUST NOTICE THAT DESTRUCTION NOW?  WOW! SO  MUCH FOR WESTERN CIVILIZATION BASED ON PROGRESS!! INDIGENOUS PEOPLE  WERE TELLING US ABOUT THIS EXTINCTION 400 HUNDREDS YEARS AGO!! WE NEVER DID LISTEN  TO THEM!!! AND DIDNT WE PUT THEM IN RESERVATIONS AND IGNORED THEIR GREAT WISDOM???
Too  many people and too many chemicals (looking at you Monsanto) is probably 90% of the problem.
This video hasn't even reached a million views. Yet look at how many other crap videos do. Dam shame. We need to be educated, consciousness brings forth change. Let's pay attention and be of servitude to our planet for our future.
Excellent.
According to you, humanity's extinction would be great for salmon. So what are you bitching about? It's a good thing, right? _"Long live the salmon !!!"_
It’s very sad that the human race looks the other way and continues to make selfish choices. Our future generations won’t be able to have large families, choices will have to be made that our generation is not willing to make.
70 percent and they want my vote no way in H will they. COUNTRY LIFE 💯🤠🤙
Yay! Depressed people rejoice 🙌
😢 I am no scientist but I have been noticing these changes since my adult life. Everything is starting to become harder and harder for survival.
I heard a lot of bees have died of because of pesticides. But Monsanto won't ever be blamed for that. Instead they'll start blaming people and their carbon emissions lol.
Lol mainstream science is just now admitting this? Hate to tell you but conspiracy videos have been saying this for almost 30+ years.
This guy has not correctly predicted anything in 60 years.
Documentaries are quite convincing when only one side of the story is told. When the counter documentaries arrive with its data & scientific information then you can make a valid decision.
Im sure all the unregulated pollution across the world 🌎 is the biggest problem let's start their first
The only places over populated are big cities . Currently most developed countries have birth rates BELOW REPLACEMENT RATES. We are in fact, heading towards a population collapse. Within 50 years, the population will steadily start dropping if something isn’t done. Rural areas do not destroy animal habitats, big cities do. Leave big cities.
The issue isn’t population it is corporate greed. Our systems are not built on sustainability they’re built on profit margins
I met Erlich about 30 years ago in Costa Rica. I told him then that he had been wrong about everything in The Population Bomb, and you know what he said? I made a lot of money from that book. Well, welcome to the doomsday profit, chicken little. They sky is falling.
No big deal we just eat 3d printed food
Legalized bribery doesn't leave much hope. Not a single republican will stand against Big Fossil. Far too few Dems, too.
If not done by force, what needs to be done will never be done. "WHO will save us from ourselves"
too many humans, they're going to start cutting the population down soon
Tigers, snakes eat other animals  and are also  causing the extinction of certain animals.  Snakes will eat birds’s eggs and nestlings as well as other animals like wild boars’ sucklings, sloths, small monkeys, wild fowl, rats,  squirrels, baby koalas, etc.  carnivorous animals feed on other animals and do not distinguish which animals not to eat put of extinction
FUD
2020 animals were taking over the streets now they're going extinct ....
Corporations pollute the earth more than any person. The air, the water, the earth. They continue to dump chemicals and waste
Earth is definitely not over populated. I know this because there is immense rural areas between Laredo Texas to any direction you want to drive. Even in Mexico. Earth is so large that it can sustain us all. The issue is that the elite want to maintain the power and are afraid to be overthrown.
My bees vanished in Illinois between 2006 and 2007. Big beautiful hive by my carport.   It was the nerve agent soaked into the corn and soy seeds.  My vet could get my mares past 18 days pregnant... always gone by 30 day preg check.  These same mares carried to term both before Illinois and after (Michigan and Oregon). Horse embryos are bee sized.  Horse hay grew in fields surrounded by corn and soy for hundreds of acres.
complete hogwarsh
Behind my home we have a very large field that use to flourish with honeysuckles, a lake of yellow. The last two summers that field has been very dull with little to no yellow. It’s truly sad.
Too many sharks, too many grisly bears,  too many crocodiles, alligators and penquins, snakes, etc, which eat fish.
what "otter" be there.   pun intended!    its the only joy i could find in this j-curve peak
Also need free anonymous tubal ligations and vasectomies for anyone who asks.
What’s the point in working towards anything when all of humanity’s achievements will be erased in the near future? Might as well just throw caution to the wind and try to be happy.  What’s the point in succeeding when all life fails? Ambition got us here.
Earth has been through many mass extinction events and will go thru many more...Climate change happens rapidly after an asteroid hits
🧡 🙏
When you add on global warming.  (Heat) wasp increase in population, thus increasing the honey bees enemies
The problem isn't overpopulation! The problem is capitalism! No one-area is big enough to sustain the world. Fishermen should never be allowed to drain a habitat to feed different parts of the world! It should be local communities only except in special cases where no other food is available!
I'm really mad watching this
Did y'all catch what he said.  "To maintain our lifestyle,  yours, and mine." These people want a two class society , poor and rich. While they clear 50 acres of land to build a mansion, Mr. Gates has made his plans clear, and people are following him blindly, not knowing that it's to their own demise. The earth will always be here. It just might be inhabited by other creatures.
Corporations lifestyle is not sustainable. There is enough for all if we stop the greed. Corporations and governments have destroyed the planet and now they blame the people. They could correct this all right now but they want spend dime to stop it. But will keep making millions on destroying the planet
Stop feeding the machine. The machine is ravaging life on the planet. Band together as children of God (However we know God) and say NO to corporate overlords. Say NO to limitless wealth. Human constructs are no substitute for nature.
if this was to end ... our smartest scientist would be to dumb to realize when how and why
Of all the food people consume that comes from wildlife, and served in restaurants,  half of every portion is uneaten and thrown away. Meal portions are too large and people don't seem to mind wasting whatever. Even at home, when cooking, half of most meals are wasted. People are clearly the problem. Glutinous pigs.
Amazing what i'm reading in the comments. We have all kinds of birds and bees here as well as deer, Eagles big time and other animals. Only animals I don't see as many of is rabbits and pheasents. Probably too many coyote.
This Earth can only host so much to my perspective if they should be only 7 billion maybe 6 billion people on this Earth just to stabilize it in a good functional way how  the Moon 1.5 or 2 billion people 3 or 5.5 billion people on Mars cuz I'm trying to calculate on Earth that's like 9 billion people maybe 8.5 I'm not counting but it is the problem it is just too many people we have to outsource if you want to keep Earth stabilized and a good green Earth complex that's how it's supposed to be I know it's outlandish but he have to  dream bigger goo  not at a microcosm
If we don’t end capitalism, it will end us.
They're telling us the world is overpopulated and some of us have to go. They are not going to draw straws. This is their justification for genocide.  It's only an idiot would believe a mass extinction is going to be caused by a warming planet that is only warmed one degree since the mid 1800s since they've started recording temperature readings.  Never in history has there been more new species discovered. But they left that out.
Happy New Year!
Ahhh...so that's why they are waxing folks with the jabbywabby. Theres no no shortage of roaches in an Philly
Heartbreaking what we are doing to this planet
If someone views our planet from a microscope we look like a cancer eating the cell
No we aren’t. We need more humans if anything, death rate is above birth rate. More scientists believe we ARE NOT in a mass extinction
What they mean is there are far too many poor people on this planet. The powers to be are getting worried and want to thin out the herd.
Isaac Newton's 2060 prediction
That was powerful.
I wish people would truly understand the actual life of Planet earth. This video (60 Minutes) tals about the earth is 4 billion years old. That number much too large. The actual age of Earth is 6,000 to 7,000 years old.You need to listen the real scientists and not the evolutionist ideas
Fake news to the extreme
That’s not true the population can’t be so big it can’t be that tooken care of, look at all this capitalism and money that isn’t being shared rightfully within the working classes and upper class, we could literally feed the world and end poverty. Everyone in US can be given 1,000,000$ and the country won’t even be in the red. Wake up people.
Maybe if we could get rid of the greedy elite and all you liars who claim to report news . We could make room for the good in this world.
Nothing going to change!!!
GET READY PEOPLE: REMENBER THAT WHATEVER HAS A BIGINING, IT ALSO HAS AN END." IT'S A FACT".
This sounds like a people problem what I mean is people created a problem
I love how you forgot to mention the people that are working hard to do away with the population 😕 🙃
Isaiah 25:6
People without science degrees giving their “educated” opinion on a science topic 😆
With all the money on this planet this should be an easy fix. All the countries should come together and invest 2trillion dollars on this.
before the first book was written we already were the death of the world
The De-Population Bomb search for it...
I guess when you make your bed you have to lie in it
1/4 of the food goes to land fills and game shows.
I noticed this when I saw a decline in bees and wasp that used to be all over my lemon tree back in 2019 as the years went by there has been little to no bees at all and also noticed how the lemon don’t taste the same as it was when I had bees all over the tree. Beginning of 2019I had so much bees and humming bird to the point where I almost cut the tree down to the point where I’m seeing bees fall dead on the sidewalks now. Mankind is taking over the planet and ruining the earth
Something else worth mentioning is that we are reaching the maximum Q point for population growth somewhere around 2100 the population will start decreasing instead of increasing should help the environment I suppose less demand and we hopefully learn from this to develop more sustainable eco friendly capabilities and industries.
Saving 1/3 all forest for wildlife is important and makes perfect sense!!!!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
*REAL AGENDA:*  Justify Population Control. (by Any means Necessary ☠️)
Maybe the Georgia Guidestones were on to something.
Such BS there was s do many open and empty spaces on this earth
i think many people over the age of 40. if they are honest with themselves.....have seen some changes first hand. even if you question the scientists, the evidence is right in front of your eyes
*LET'S ADDRESS THE REAL ISSUE:* This is the result of Sin in End Times.  "The Heavens and Earth will be burned away." THE ONLY ETERNAL THING HERE THAT MATTERS IS SAVING SOULS. *THAT'S IT.* Everything else is Gone. BUT.. Sinners love animals more than people..!
Humanity is sustainable if we use all the land we have on earth.The problems come from to high concentration of people in metro areas and high job growth states!!!
Lads, mass extinction means the sun will explode in a supernova manner and will fry everything up to the oort clouds, that's mass extinction, that's already happened 5 times and will happening again really soon, not the extinction of bees, fishes, bears, but extinction of ALL creatures on this solar system! ⚠️
its the vaccines dummies
So massive extinctions are cyclical. Good to know.
Look at the #of species extinct in the last 300 million yrs... everything on earth/universe has a cycle within...why would humans (so young) expect/demand to outlast, won't happen 70 obs is we are to selfish
People take up 70% of the planets land 😳! That's a lie! 🙄
Yes but would you tell your kids not to have children
Is humans have been here for hundreds of thousands of years and we probably caused most of the extinction throughout history. We are bad but at the same time the earth goes through stages and natural disasters happen.
The problem is man's ignorance when he said the jaguar rebound of just six hundred wow two to three hundred years ago there were millions of these cats
Is it overpopulation or overharvest from corporations and government distortion?
Another thing killing tge birds are the fireworks. I live in ohio and almost every week towns have fireworks displays. They have to entertain the stupid.
Lots of land left in the desert.   😂
Sooo! What ya going to do! ??? How you stop sick animal die offs??where bird flu come from??? Maybe RADIATION??MAYBE FUKUSHIMA???🙈🤷🦧
How sad!!
These dudes overfished themselves out of a future.
Humanity is the cause of the problems that leads to extinction all man made
Tell me who funds the World Wildlife
Silent Spring is coming reality.
IT'S NOT COW FARTS, ITS FAT PEOPLE FARTS THAT ARE ECOLOGICALLY DESTROYING THE WORLD
We can reduce the human population by starting with the politicians and then the lawyers.
Can we just appreciate the effort MrBeast puts into her videos? It's honestly incredible, I think he deserves a round of applause 👏
The fisherman at the end is part of the destruction to the fish stokes,he was simply greedy an only mentioned his family not the rest of us,
We are consuming 175% of what the earth can regenerate, what kind of fear mongering math is that? Think about that one for a second before quoting it from the book, and that was the 70s. Thats long maths.
ai is in line when we go bye bye
Women need to control their urges.
Scott Pelley, you have perfected sounding smart and while I agree with keeping the earth clean, you teach children and adults lies. The earth is not millions of years old. Darwinism is a ridiculous theory. Your premises are wrong which makes your conclusions wrong.
Thanks for featuring these truths on 60 Minutes; it is necessary to look at this in MSM every single day, until corporations and politicians are forced to move out of their comfort zone of 'profit, at all costs'-  We need to view all as an interconnected system- not as a series of isolated entities. [  "Humankind has not woven the web of life. We are but a thread within it. Whatever we do to the web, we do to ourselves. All things are bond together.  All things connect". - Chief Seattle ]    I hope that in the next 60 Minutes feature, the specific CAUSES of the mass extinction of nature and wildlife, drought, global warming, etc. will be examined more thoroughly.  See how out of control mass factory farming/ corporate animal agriculture is a specific cause of deforestation, drought, native species and wildlife extermination, global warming (and human disease, and CRUELTY, by the way).  How fracking (which uses incredible amounts of water) creates both drought, and poisoned  toxic water systems. How some endangered species in the rainforest (namely, monkeys, as the one the camera panned on), are stolen out of their wild home, and used/tortured for animal research in labs.  How animal poaching, hunting, poisoning wild animals contributes to extinction. How the insane and wide use of agrichemicals/toxins in our food supply and water, and green spaces, are destroying beneficial, but crucial pollinators, such as bees- as well as poisoning our earth, and poisoning wildlife, and- poisoning ourselves.  Cancer is now expected to be 1 in 2 people- a dramatic increase from 50 yrs ago.   The unbearable selfishness, narcissism,  and corrupt aspect of our species alone, has created the horrific situation that we  are now all experiencing.    We need to end mass animal agriculture- and switch to a  plant-based diet as the new normal;  stop poisoning our earth, air, and water with toxic chemicals;  switch to renewable/sustainable energies with FULL commitment.  Teach humility and profound respect for nature and wildlife. ~*
I been talking about this on my channel for years.
The 👿😡 End of Days are on upon us the Evil Angel's in the Euphrates River are going to be released 1/3 of man will die the scientist know this
There use to be giant herds of Elk in Western Colorado. They've been thinned out, and the media had an article about bringing in sharp shooters along with introducing wolves.  You should see how many out of state hunters arrive. They have no chance. Wonder who's fault that is? Bunch of clowns.
So I step out of my heated house into a 3500 pound machine to go get a hamburger that took 300 gallons of fresh water to make so I'm not surprised that my side job is "planet killer". Well, at least the birthrates worldwide have been going down for over 50 years :). "no pickles or onions please... and a large fry"!
Idkw people keep saying the earth is too small. Like MOST of the USA is still just empty land and it's the same for places like Africa and Asia....the empty land just goes on and on and on. There's more than enough room left.
They’ve been claiming the end of the world for the past 60 years. In 1947 they claimed we had reached peak oil supply
Are you scared yet? better sell your car and eat those bugs.
Esau's reign has ended! But I wonder how much GMO salmon, which prey upon natural salmon, has contributed to the demise of 14 species of natural salmon. Increasing the populations of predator species, such as jaguars, wolves, etc, seems to be a waste of time and resources without repopulating their prey.
Same BS as 1970
Has nothing to do with population it's how you manage the planet
While we need urgent solutions to urgent problems, I can't help but cringe at 60 Minutes yet again using sensationalist pieces to garner viewers. They have, like so many others the past dew years, traded credibility for clicks.
Carl Sagan Warned Congress about climate change in 1985. There were many before him. Nixon(for as much of a racist dirt bag as he was) put in more environmental protections than any president in history. Most of which have been loopholed away or sidestepped by kneecaping them with later legislation or putting corrupt people in charge of and throughout the staff of the agencies responsible for seeing that the legal measures Nixon enacted were enforced. I realize science has evolved leading to environmental theories and measures meant to deal with them needing to be revised but, from the Reagan Administration on Right Wing think tanks meant to skew public opinion about environmental policy have attacked attempts at mitigating damage to the environment for the sole purpose of protecting commerce and profits. Especially egregious is the constant protection of corporations that partake in no innovation, produce no goods that advance the human condition or the planets condition. In many cases these same firms eliminate jobs that pay a living wage for the sole purpose of a billionaire's fortune growing slightly and long term product quality and the health of the business suffer.
Didn't Covid (China Origin Viral Infectious Disease) trim our numbers?
I guess the elites are getting ready to do something about the population…
"THE WORLD IS GONNA END IN 5 YEARS!!!! AHHHHHHH!!!!!!" ~Science "experts" for the last 80 years
We are all dead!! Bye ...Dolphins- " So long, and thanks for all the fish".
So let me guess. Bill Gates is one of the sponsors of 60 Minutes. He and other elites are pushing this theory, called "Malthusian." Population growth would exceed and exhaust the resources. However, 60 minutes will not give an opposing view. They're pushing the doom and gloom scenario. So we can except the elitists coming in to save us.
Thank you for making and televising this, let’s be remarkable and not let this happen!!!
It's not humanity that's unsustainable it's capitalism. The evergrowing need to expand and higher profits and growth is unachievable without the distruction of nature and humanity. We need a more sustainable and long term economic solution instead of short term growth
We definitely deserve whatever’s coming…shame on us
Good report, up until the last line -- "If the science is right..." Why use the word "if"? The science IS RIGHT! Climatologists have known this for decades. Exxon's own scientists warned the company of the coming changes, 40 years ago! You're playing right into the hands of fossil fuel company exec's (who profit the most from keeping the issue in debate mode), as well as politicians who are in the pockets of fossil fuel companies, and a segment of the public who still use the same tired old denialism and contrived doubt to help stave off change.
He comes the purge...lol population control
It's not about how people there are but how we can improve their life with better infrastructure and maintenance
People with kids complain that there isn't enough of this or that, yet they can't stop their impulse to breed indiscriminately.
What I’m confused is, you can fit the world population into Las Angeles. But I do know that more people can cause a shortage of resources. Is it that not enough people are are doing what’s needed to keep life going the way we are use to?
The 🌴🌲🌳cut off the birds🕊️🦜🐦🦅 don't have nest to live 🧐😳
It’s sad that mankind love of money has done this maybe we were better off riding horses and living in cabins
im only 30 yearrs old i live in mn, we used to be able to drive 35 mins away and catch 11 inch crappies, now we cant even catch 8 inch u gotta drive 3 plus hours and even then u might not find 12 inchers u may catch one or two if ur very lucky
The jungles turn to city 🥸🌆 The wild place another animals  turn to city mall grocery's store houses 🏘️🏡 animals in backyard or in the street 😳
Proof? Haven't seen any, so far.
Imagine causing a mass extinction because people can't control their obsession with having more children. It's not even ignorance anymore, cause we all know the planet doesn't need more people. They keep having children because they're selfish, they think the Earth's problems are out of sight and it won't affect them, so why bother? They have no regard for future generations and how they'll have to cope with the mistakes they are making now. If there's one thing i don't overestimate is the arrogance of people, especially those in first world countries who make poor nations suffer in order to maintain their lifestyle. Hopefully we'll have a government-imposed limit on how many children someone can have, and if they even dare to have more than the limit, I hope the punishment can make them think twice.
I am sick and tired of the “doom scenarios” that are constantly pushed by these “scientists”!  And what is their solution? Fly the billionaires in private planes, ship them around in private yachts and have the rest of us eat ze bugs and turn off the heating! Nuts!
I'm a truck driver in the United States & saying that humans have taken over 70% of the worlds land is just asinine.
It's not a extinction. It s a eradication. Due to human stupidity
Don't worry folks they've done a good job at s*t*e*r*i*l*i*z*i*n*g* the population over the past 3 years
The Earth was created to be populated and subdued by human beings. The animals and the Earth are here for us not the other way around. It wouldn't surprise me at all to hear these so-called modern scientists suggest we lower the number of humans to raise the number of animal species. As for me I will continue to worship the Creator over creation not the other way around. #fighting for the kingdom of heaven
Most Of This is due to Government Taxation & Inflation
Seeing the side of people that tend to get very passionate and emotional about this is a good thing.  The bad thing is these are the same kinds of people in our society that will never speak up about the truth.  We are too afraid to tell someone 300lbs they are fat and to encourage them to be healthy and happy and live a fulfilling life.  This is the same people who pretend to be outspoken on any social and climate issues but in actuality do absolutely nothing in thier own lives or others because they all just get in line.  People want to fix the world without fixing ourselves and each other.  Liberal cult members are going to have fun with this one.
the collective human irresponsibility is the problem…. not volume of people… so sad because we’re the one species whom SEEMS to be able rationalize and regulate our negative impact… in microcosm communities around the world we see it….. if only MONEY was realized for what it is…. THE PROBLEM
I live in New Zealand. My garden is lush and grows so fast I have started growing more slow growing plants. We have lots of bees, birds, insects. We have more than enough rain and our climate is awesome. This is just more hysterical anti-human nonsense. In the Jurassic era there was four times more CO2 and the planet was warm and covered in rain forest. It's quite normal for the planet to go through major changes and when humans become extinct, as we will in time, the planet will just truck on without us. You don't have Grizzly bears in California anymore because you'd call the cops if you saw one and demand they shoot it.
Isn't covid thinning out the population? Humans have only disrespected the planet. Greedy & corrupt Politicians don't help either.
All we can do right now is buckle in, hold on tight, and accept that this ride is out of our control.
The only thing I've seen less of from my childhood to now is lightning bugs. But we in (NC) have an over abundance of white tail deer. Why? Because they were once on the endangered species list and hunting season for them is so small.
CBS PUSHING THE LATEST PANIC ATTACKS EXPERTS SAY.
It funny af that people think man can tell them that the world Is over populated.. I suggest those that feel that way to stop existing now.. Over population is BS..lmao
If you want to help,  stop eating beef!! Slash and burn to raise cows. BTW,  cows produce more CO2 than all the cars in the world combined!
The left we are all going to die. They have been saying this for a hundred years with no proof.
How about humans damming the rivers?
That is because we HUMANS,  are TAKING all of the LAND that the (ANIMALS) need to Exist !
there is plenty of room for more people, sassy dragon is a fool don't listen to them.
Lmao this is a lie
Scary. It is written that 1/3rd of all sea animals will die, 1/3 of all plant life will die, even a 1/3 of humanity will die during the Great Tribulation 😢 Very scary stuff (Revelation 8:7-9)
christian prine✝️vs☪️youtube
'according to scientists', the fatal flaw.
Strategy and chess being played here ladies and gentlemen. Open your eyes
Stop farming animals. It is the #1 reason for deforestation.
Humans will never and won't ever cease to exist. We are a parasite and will find ways to adapt.
The most high about to come and get you devils.
I think humans occupy 10% of the land, some stats say less.
I don't care about these animals we are above the food chain. If the animals run out of room that's not my problem.
Anyone notice the lady said we need a major catastropy.    You mean more virus, disease and world war?     Wtf.
I've been listening to dire prediction for 60 yrs... And tbh , very few if any have come true. It was the same in the 60's & 70's. The whales & fish stocks are doomed !  Conservation has saved all of the ones endangered when I was a kid.. The earth will balance itself no matter if we are on it or not.. So I dont believe we're in a 6th mass extinction .   You look at the previous 5 & they all have catastrophic events that preceeded the die off.. The earth has been several degrees warmer in the past . Yet , the earth still had life thriving . Habitat loss wiil absolutely dwindle #s. But how msny species , just this yr , thought extinct were "rediscovered" ?? Several.
Death Stranding
Life mitigates life. All life feeds on life there is no such thing as too much life. Very clear that our planet is overpopulated for our "way of life" the solution is we need to adapt to what is probably the only way for life.
Did y'all not know this?
bullcrap
Elon musk says we need more people. Hmm...
UN agenda 21,  look it up.  It going to take some time to get through it all. I think you can still get the book it's huge, contains maps diagrams to reshape everything. It used to cost about $45.00 directly from the UN.
I believeon this, I’m sure  around the world. When I left the country I was born it’s was so rounded with farms and animals and now is crowded with houses . Sad . It used to be beautiful town  .. I think the world should do something about this … for animals/ etc..
Please pass this video on to everyone you know. We all must do better and do with less. All the crap we buy doesn't make us happy, do you really need a new phone every year? No.
All the Monarchs have been disappearing, damn flies are killing them laying their larva on the caterpillars using them as a host, I’m in San Diego
don't see how they can include the mass extinction of 66 million years ago as a mankind problem when it was a giant meteor strike
I hope the extincion happens really fast. Enough of these humans on this earth.
I live on the land I grew up on...when I was young the box turtles came every year mated and layed eggs in the back corner of the yard....counted 75 turtles in one day.....now 35 years later I have seen 2 turtles in the last 6 years
The government knows the magnetic poles are shifting, and they know the sun will micronova. So in the meantime, I think they’re putting all their time and effort into making profit off the population to gain as much control as possible. The great solar flash will come, it will not be late and it will cleanse the earth. The cycle will restart.
💔💔💔
The clone salmon now in America by the billions Franklin fish and God gave us this world in abundance they're liein it's to much Land grizzlies been extinct for the last 15-20 years or more they're all nothing happening y'all are trying too manipulate the masses stop
and we’re all too busy worrying about making enough money
The super rich which use 100x more energy than even the average American are the ones that need to change first
This is not a Humanity problem, this is a materialistic, narcissistic culture set up in every continent by ONE group over the past 2000 years. Once that culture is made irrelevant, then nature and the ecosystem can heal.
Build another Ark and stop watching tv. Real simple
Sure. B......den is going to swap everything economics marrative in climate is every day increasing the unexisted fears...in certain grade man ia destroying tje nevirnment but the current admin cabal is destryoing people
Ohhh nooo the world is ending better give the government all the power so they can fix it.
*Cough*  *couch* Thanos.
Bombing and building US back into the evil of the Dark Ages!
"And the full store houses are suddenly found empty.
The capitalist lifestyle we've spent so much time relying on and trying to protect, is the reason for this. Capitalism is oriented towards the consumer, and thus everything in the process of production is oriented towards delivering a product to a high bidding buyer. This lack of sustainability is shown in every social aspect of our living, from human living conditions, to it's effect on nature.
*everybody gangsta 'till the world pulls up on yo food*
Instead of fishing for salmon why not grow and distribute them for income
What about the 10 tons of methane the planet releases everyday," with no human interaction," maybe that's what's causing climate change," they always point the finger back at you.
100% due to human consumption and the need to get rich. We will, or already have destroyed this planet and every innocent creature on it. Noxious, poisonous human consumption and GREED.
Government and corporate pursuit of perpetual growth has nothing to do with this nope... 😲
Pesticides, deforestation, herbicides, pollution, need I say more?
Stop killing the fish... It's killing our habitat.  The most comprehensive *meta-analysis* conducted to date with 119 countries, shows avoiding animal products is the *"SINGLE BIGGEST WAY"* to reduce our environmental impact. -Oxford University
I'd yell at every human to STOP BREEDING!! But they won't. I've never had a kid and can't tell you how glad I am that I never did. People have GOT TO STOP themselves from making more people - no matter what they personally desire. Take care of the kids who are already here. If you keep making more people, the people who are here will continue to be utterly miserable and it's not getting better folks.
I've read some comments about the decline of songbirds in someone's neighborhood.   One reason may be the proliferation of crows.  I see many more than I used to.  Crows attack and sometimes eat songbirds.  I can't shoot them in my neighborhood, although sometimes I'd like to.
I've always wondered how many humans the earth can support.  There has to be a limit.  As of right now, we don't seem to give it a second thought
PROPANGANDA
Dam
Hate to say it, but the only way we save the world is if a world wide EMP shut down every power grid across the world and sent the world back to the stone age
🇧🇷there will always be problems  that humanity and the planet will have.  There will always be things like inequality, greed, warfare and violence and so on.  Even the US, meant to be the wealthiest and most developed nation on Earth, has so, so many problems like racism, poverty, economic inequality  and so on, and that is not to mention gun violence, which kills thousands every year and hurts many thousands more.  It is certainly true the US uses too much energy unnecessarily - when I was in Houston in 1993,  it was summer time and it was very hot and uncomfortable but when I went into a  supermarket  the air conditioning was so strong, it felt like being in an Antarctica winter and the cold inside was worse than the heat outside. Not only putting on air conditioning far too strongly use a great deal of energy, it also destroyed the very point of air conditioning, to make feel people comfortable.   I suppose if we want “to save the planet” , really meaning ourselves, then all development should stop - but of course, that will never happen, for so many, many reasons indeed.
Will it help if I pay more taxes? Oh please please take my money.
All of the speakers in this video are wealthier than myself and most of the people that I know. They all have new clothes and businesses or degrees… the greedy will have to pay for the needy in order to balance the system… which means that the greedy will have to give up more for the needy to have a quality life… which I do not see happening. Half of the population, 4billion have basically no power. So… who will be sacrificed? Poor people or those poor animals?   They said humanity is not sustainable at this rate.. what rate is that? Regulated freedom?  Capitalism ramped up this growth as it allowed greed to succeed. I cannot see how capitalism will be able to continue.. the standard of life has to go down in the first world in order for the rest of the world’s populations so balance, using those terms, is part of the problem… there is one world, to subdivide and rank them economically promotes fear and selfishness… after all, why should we have to go on with less when there are billionaires and millionaires who have to make 0 sacrifices around the world…  Aerosmith - eat the rich.
What happened to their 'mass starvation in America by the 1970s'?!?! Frauds pushing their narratives
This is what humans do.................
We can count on infinite growth on a finite planet right? Economists and capital sure believe that, and if any slowing down or cutting back needs to occur, it will be forced on the riff raff like usual.
Too many damn ppl.. it's time to draw straws.
This is why we should open borders, let them breed and have middle class tax money pay for it until over population destroys everything.   Supported by both parties.   Rino republicans and Democrats.   Republicans want no abortions and unlimited destruction for profit.    The democrats want the same but in a different way
Population is in great decline right now. Alll 1st 2nd world populations are and have been below replacement levels, 3rd world populations are below or declined.  The earth's natural wobble and changes in magnetic poles have a major shift on climate.  We are headed for a deportation bomb!!!!
This grand and marvelous planet is weeping right before our eyes, but commerce cares not 😔
What nonsense!  There is no climate crisis.  Climate changes, people, plants and animals adapt.  RIDICULOUS.
Time for a very big long war,Russia is working on it now,or put people to sleep at 56 years old.
You should really do the due diligence into the topic and the source.  How about some fact instead of opinion especially from 60 Minutes?
We need to elect people who are NOT taking $ from corporations & have PROVEN that they are fighting AGAINST corp greed (oil&gad, big-ag, etc) and fighting FOR solutions to eradicate corporations & elite’s greedy destruction of all species. Get involved in every race, especially primaries bc both DEM & GOP establishment are corrupt and do everything they can to fight against such candidates.
It will be fixed when it affects the people most responsible for the consumption. Life will find a way.
The most comprehensive *meta-analysis* conducted to date with 119 countries, shows avoiding animal products is the *"SINGLE BIGGEST WAY"* to reduce our environmental impact. -Oxford University
The Answer is 1970... lol... well good morning to you too! Hey I was born in 77🥺
Two words white man
Why is he sitting on the half of the chair?
SIMPLIFY YOUR LIVES. You don’t NEED much to live.  It’s the greed that fills the mind and heart of humans.
60 minutes always lies so you shouldn't take to much from it.
When our esteemed elders, people we were told to respect and trust, have done nothing. Good i hope its us and even after all their wealth was earned, they get to watch their line wither and die, old, frail, alone, haunted. Not all of us participated, i grew up in the90s and even then it was like pulling teeth, and how many came after us, how many before. Nah burn it all, make em watch
Everything is dying off because three nuclear reactors, each one three times the size of the Chernobyl reactor, melted down, and the contents of eight spent fuel storage ponds, containing decades worth of spent fuel, were ejected into the atmosphere. Canada and California turned off their radiation monitoring at the time of the Fukushima catastrophe. The food chains of the Pacific have been destroyed.
I think they are all wrong.!! When I fly over this country and see all this land and so few humans I realize we have so much space to grow . Even Elon Musk believes that we have the opposite problem and have a declining human population and we need to have more babies.
NEWSMAX RUNS THE TWITTER FILES REPORT DAILY, WHILE 60 MIN. CONTINUES TO HIDE, CENSORE AND COVER UP THE TWITTER FILES REPORT WEEK 4
You cannot say you support conservation all the while allowing millions of of illegals cross the American - Mexico border every year.
In order to reduce the amount of people on the planet invest in Monasteries.  The monks and nuns are celibate and vegetarian.
this has been debunked in peer reviewed journals more than once. and 60 minutes doesnt even bother checking. Just spout tripe and hope it pulls ratings.
Malthusian myth. We can support 12 billion but we need to change the way we treat our environment, our resources, our selves and our neighbours on this planet
humans .... destroy everything in the word of progress ... so sad
Americans and Westerners feel this is a third world problem.  But we are the ones consuming the most electricity, the most natural resources, the most plastic, the most gasoline.  And we want others to live in jungles to protect them while we live the good life in cities.  Think about that.
Momma earth says F#ck around and find out...we are a disease and her immune system is about to turn on us
I'm willing to move to Neptune?
Evil Communist China is voraciously consuming all of earths bounty. India and evil Communist China are the biggest polluter in the universe.
You listening to this crap. There is so much land for every human being. But yet we have to pay for land. Instead of claiming it like it used to be.
would be nice if this "mass extinction event" only targeted climate cult alarmists and democrats....grass looks greener , sky more blue just from IMAGINING IT :)
people better wake up!!!!!!!!!!!!!
If it happens it happens, It'll be quick and painless!
People keep having kids. Remarrying and having more kids. 2 kids per couple (for life) = relatively steady population. 2-4 kids is why we add a billion people to earth every 12 years.
Out of one side of the mouth, more animal species have gone extinct than are still alive today(long before they think humans even existed) then out of the other side of their mouth, humans are the cause of mass extinction 🤦‍♂️ how do you reconcile extremely intelligent AND abysmally ignorant?
What a crok of crap. Fly from coast to coast. It's all empty uninhabited land. Sitting empty because some rich a hole refuses to let it go , or develop it. This report is bogus and misleading.
Hence the plandemic, the clot shot, and the heroine / fentanyl epidemic.  Planned population reduction.  Watch for massive decrease in birth rates worldwide.
This is not true there are plenty of area stop cutting trees
What caused the previous five? Humans, pollution, over population??? More questions than sound answers.
Trees are dying in New England..... Insects are gone, I remember all the Bees when there was clover in the yard. Now NOTHING.... Then there is the Wind Shield effect........
How depressing 😢 not much to look forward to
It’s been known, named, and happening for a long time.
Soylent green…. When do death camps start… bill gates wants to…
Nice propaganda. If you put everyone person on earth into Texas then each person would have 200 square meters to themselves. Ever been in Montana or other states there’s land everywhere. Gates buying up land so you can’t have any and we are thrown lies about climate change, over population and more. No electric cars for me, no fake beyond meat for me, no soy boy products for me, not falling for your lies.
In a personal opinion (mine).  I believe that this is inaccurate.  Because, Genesis 1:28 And God blessed them, and God said unto them, Be fruitful, and multiply, and replenish the earth, and subdue it: and have dominion over the fish of the sea, and over the fowl of the air, and over every living thing that moveth upon the earth.
💔
We are not over populated • that’s a lie and the elite is depopulating the planet for a reason. To bring in the new species of humans. The climate crisis is man made through haarp and cloud seeding which they’re doing purposely to push their agendas
That country with 1 billion people is over fishing.  Illegal, unreported, unregulated fishing by that specific nation's people is doing the harm.  Where is the outrage?  Where is the mention of the IUU pilfering from global fisheries?
Don't Blame humans. Blame the Greed of the Elite and Millionaires! There would be enough without Them.
Thank your vegan hippies hikers for there litter along the forest paths. Waste being allowed to go into the creeks and river. It's written in the Bible about what will happen to the land and water.
If everyone with more than a couple of grand in the bank dropped dead , followed by #cientists, then that would help the planet.
Wasn't expecting to see where I live as the first example! I sure do miss salmon fishing. There used to be a season, then it was a few days every summer, then every few years.. now? 🤷🏼‍♂️ 😢
The people that say there are too many humans should off themselves as a start to save the planet.  Oh wait ! They meant too many other people 😂 It should be pointed out that Paul Ehrlich’s predictions have all been WRONG!!
The Savalos  Guatemalan experiment needs to be done everywhere
It looks like 60 minutes put this on , is because of the bill congress pass . So all the wind turbines will have to come down . They are killing 🦅 birds .
I hope people realize that we are also already at the front end of a population decline. Europe, Asia, and North America are slowing in growth with huge drop-offs coming.   This is very much a reoccurring tactic from the left, take crisis that is already working its self out and try to create the solution and turn it into regulation.
Fake news.
Plant a Tree it Helps. I created a Natural Pond and it attracts wild life.  theirs only one Planet let's help it.
I couldn't care less about this stuff. I've seen a drastic rise in extinction events in my 30 years on this planet, and it hasn't made a single difference to my daily life at all.
This is the Final mass extinction. The End Times are upon us and Jesus is preparing his legions of Angles to come cleanse the Earth. The Bible is not just a book and the prophecies that were proclaimed are coming to pass. Wake Up and turn your eyes to the Heavens. The chariots of fire will be descending soon.
Yep,it's happening. Too late now
This is so so sad
Humans are absolutey hilarious.  Is this story serious?  You cant and shouldn't want to stop or change the progression of time and all that goes with it.  Maybe the dinosaurs ran this same story and made a big deal out of it. Maybe they were arrogant too.
i don't vote so i cant be blamed...people need to take the power back not letting these muppets run the system for printed money basically thin air....most humans are ignorant to see....and while were at it america remove your McDonalds etc fast food chains from all the countries..greed will be the undoing its that simple it starts when we all stop working for big businesses and stop anymore then 1 baby per person thats your solution in a nutshell the system needs a balance you take say a tree you replace a tree
The Easter island effect?
I am honestly bothered that the premise for this piece is how destroying wildlife and habitat, causing extinction or near-extinction of multiple species of plants and animals, affects US. We're the cause. Maybe this is the only way to get people to give a damn. The Earth and her flora and fauna would be better off without us.
There is no hope for humanity as long as capitalism continues as the world economic system.
The earth will be fine . Soon as it figures out how to get rid of us . And it will .
.8% of total species on earth have gone extinct since 1500. “Mass extinction” is characterized as 70-90% extinction rate of species. Tell me what “scientists” believe we are the 6th mass extinction again?
Humanity isn’t that smart,most people just breed more parasites!
With the help from the USA and china with Covid
Yup, that's the plan. Problem- Reaction-Solution.👿 Blame it to Global Warming which they created. Geoengineering- spraying chemicals everyday
Don't worry, "Jesus" is coming "soon" to save us all.🤣
People will always fight to the death for what they want.  This time, WE will all die BECAUSE we fought for what we want.  The only real question will be whether it will be a slow or fast death.  The earth is primed for both now.  I wonder how long the billionaires will make it without people to do their bidding.
load of rubbish this is how they brainwash us to believe there crap .theres enough land for all of us to live healthy and happy. dont let them control your thoughts , your the creator of the world you live in not them. Amen
Silly people want to keep breeding!  No one will stop the breeding we are worse than rabbits.
I believe it, we have stripped the resources of this planet. How can we feed all these people and keep the shelves of Walmart packed.
Humans will be finished when the Earth’s finite natural resources are used up and recycling can only go so far.  It is entirely possible a nuclear war following the war in Ukraine could occur, and that will wipe us out too. I am afraid there are no solutions to our environmental problems, or if there are or were, it is too late to implement them, even if politicians and scientists had the will to do so, at least the will to take action other than mere talking.  Also, environmental problems began at the very start of humanity, at least when humans as we know them appeared 100,000 years ago, and species started to go extinct from human actions even then. Obviously it is a lot, lot worse now but environmental problems and damage are not something new, and are now too deep rooted to solve now.   And let’s not forget countries like the US spend billions of dollars on weapons and their military every single year and the attack on Ukraine is a sharp reminder that making war and slaughtering each other is, like  it or not,  part of human nature.  If we all lived in a peaceful and reasonable world, then there would have been more chance of solving these problems, rather than on say, nuclear weapons, which would and still could destroy civilization if they were used, the chances of which have greatly increased in the last year. We don’t seem to be able to save the night sky above us, with all these Starlink and other satellites put up there regardless of the consequences for our view of the heavens, let alone being able to preserve the environment on the ground!  It is very possible that so far we have not seen evidence of other civilizations, or advanced civilizations elsewhere in the universe is that so called “advanced” civilizations destroy themselves after only a couple of centuries or so. And since the industrial revolution occurred 200 years ago, the timetable for the destruction of humanity is right on course and nothing at all be done now to stop it.  Of course my heart says I hope to be wrong, but my head says I should be right.  I am now 60 and I am more thankful than ever that I did not, do not, and never will have children.  Seeing the endless end of civilization news the media churn out every day, with endless other terrible things going on during the day (and night)  it is should be no surprise to anyone who reads my comment why.   I have been very lucky and have seen so many wonderful places during my life, people after my generation will never be so lucky and fortunate. That is as certain as it is possible to be.
I hope every one can join an organization to help stop the damage we have been doing, like Sierra club and Greenpeace!!
Lol
nothing is by mistake        all done on purpose
60 minutes is lame
I've been saying this for years. Smh
"The five mass extinctions of the ancient past were caused by natural calamities."  Bull. At least one of those were caused by life, and life contributed to all of them. This notion that we humans are the only life that can bring extinction level events, is absolute rubbish. (Agent Smith's spiel from The Matrix is an example that ticks me off.) To think so is the heights of hubris, the same kind of hubris that got us into our current situation. We are not going to save very much biodiversity, if we continue to operate with the same hubris as our predecessors. From those that deny the Science, to those who understand it (like Dr. Ehrlich), arrogance is our biggest enemy. Anyone who arrogantly thinks we are the be all, and end all, no matter the end of the spectrum they back, bears guilt in the way things are, or the way they could become.   This is a warning: The road to Hades is paved with "good" intentions.
It's why I drink.
Earth was created for man's use, not to serve animals.  Why is a wildlife organization doing your math for sustainable humanity? Seems oddly agenda driven. The Earth will actually sustain billions more people if leaders weren't corrupt.  If every 3rd household had 3 chickens  we would be entirely egg sufficient across the globe.  Corruption is the problem. Not population.
Irony of capitalist fishermen talking about fish species becoming extinct. 😂
I’m the youngest of five. Glad my parents kept trying. 😊
"""one of the best thing about dude is that he never takes credit for himself when he achieves something .he always respect us , the audience and his team , and he is polite in all his videos .we congratulations ourselves on this achievement . more to come 💕💗
What can we do to prevent this?   What would cockroach and rats do?
Here is some real truth! Go back and look to see just how many people lived in America Prior to Colonization! We also had MANY TREES and Animals. The Colonizer and his Capitalism should go BACK to Europe so that we can heal our land.
Einstein said when bees are gone, humans have 5 years
Maybe it's not the amount of people, but unfettered capitalism that's hellbent on profits at all cost?
This is the effect of unchecked capitalism based on consumerism. More. Bigger. More. Elon Musk said themquiet part out loud: he wants more population growth to drive capitalism. It's all about money, and growth is the only model currently employed. We cannot sustain unchecked growth. We cannot have more babies year over year. Not if we intend to survive. We must learn to make do with less. Fewer births, less consumption, less profit. Greed of corporations and the stock market (along with the resulting pollution and climate collapse), the mania to make obscene profits year over year, has created this situation. Growth at all costs will be just that: it will cost everything.
All praises to The Most High got making my start over with nothing.   Philippians 4:12-13 KJV I know both how to be abased, and I know how to abound: every where and in all things I am instructed both to be full and to be hungry, both to abound and to suffer need. I can do all things through Christ which strengtheneth me.  Big ups to our father, no better teacher than one who loves his children.
Hope it includes climate scientist. The earths climate is constantly changing.
Maybe in certain parts of the world, but definitely not the whole world
Ww3 will take care of that.
It's the poisons not CO2. !    CO2 is good for plants which means more food for bees and others.
I’m in LA. That’s lower Alabama!!! Nothing has changed in my 67 years. I spent 30 something years over the road driving. Nothing has changed.  These people have an agenda to take your freedom and money.
Thanks to Europeans earth is completely destroyed 😢
Yeah we really need a law on cutting down certain environments and regrow their habitat
MedMen stock Moving up now! Buy stock today! Marijuana stocks Will be huge in 2023! Buy MMNFF TODAY!
Like eating the hand that feeds you.  Just sad.
I dreamed that I saw a bat and heard frogs croaking.  Then I woke up.
Same here in central Florida,, area's that used to be grove's & woods & swamps R now housing project's filled with foreigners,, and i wonder where all the animal's have went to,,  yes WAY to many humanoids,, but I'm sure nature & disease will eventually wipe out a lot of the humanoids..
Oh woe is us!  It's not all bad. We have so many salmon in our rivers you can walk on them. Bald eagles, wild Turkey, mink, all are here in Michigan. Overfishing caused the demise on the west coast and beyond. The frogs are so loud at night you can barely hear a conversation. Maintaining ecosystems can be done and there are hundreds of success stories across the face of this globe 60 Minutes chooses to pick just a few bad examples.
of someones race?
Let's get rid of ourselves so that salmon may survive
During the shutdown, our water cleared up, so our society is being brought to a halt, in order to survive. Jesus is coming up against our economy because everything, including people being used as   a commodity to support it.  A crash is coming.  It is written we should worship God over money."
Yeah, just look out you own window to see there are no more bees, no more butterflies, no more birds……no more whip-poor-wills…no more frogs…no more wildflowers, no more fish…..Where’s the ice caps?? Where is the ice?? Gone….A 6th Mass Extinction is happening now. Yeah, if we humans don’t wake up someday soon, when we do , nothing…nothing…we know will be alive….and it’s not coming back….Gee, it took BILLIONS of years to manifest…..a little thing called evolution….Too bad we didn’t cherish what we had!
Look MFkrs.  Nice try. We already know that the earth itself goes through these cycles.
We are certainly living in the age of the Anthropocene extinction. But it isn’t due to the population. It’s due to overconsumption, which is covered here. It’s due to greed. Its due to the idea of manifest destiny. It’s due to pollution especially corporate. It’s due to ignoring science in favor of feelings. It’s due to being so sprawled out because we all want 20 acres, a white picket fence and a massive house. The agricultural system is wrong. Heck distribution entirely. There is far too much waste, of everything. No useful infrastructure such as logistics for power, travel and distribution. We do things like throw away and destroy crops because of “THE MARKET” over fish but don’t even eat all of it. Don’t even get my started.
Life finds a way-with or without us.
We are in a human population crash with in the next 30 yrs.
“I don’t want you to hope for the future. I want you to panic.”  -Greta Thunberg 2019
Let me summarize this video: The WEF is right and depopulation of those not in the WEF club will need to happen.
It seems nobody really cares. We just take and take until nothing is left. We destroy habitats and pollute. We will only realize something is very wrong when we have nothing but starvation and disease and still then we will continue to take and take.
Wait!!! It’s NOT because of people it’s because of corporate take over!!! Let’s tell the truth 60 minutes!!
“If the science is right” aren’t we kinda over that stage by now? We can all clearly see what is happening to this planet
This is the result of CORPORATIONS  Governing the PLANET.
As a young person, I've seen the changes happen in my short life. The butterflies that used to swarm the gardens have dissapeared. The sky that used to darken as birds migrated in the winter has greatly reduced.  I love this planet. It has given me and billions of others who have lived good lives, it's abundance has been able to sustain the trillions of lifeforms that were lucky enough to call this planet home.  It's sad to see this happening. Being born into a dying world. It's like watching your mother die before your very eyes, knowing that she can be saved.  Honestly, there is no action that can save us now that wouldn't be radical and require immediate changes, which I'm all for. I'll abandon this way of life if it means that our descendants get to survive. A service to others is greater than a service to yourself.
Hence Covid was created to balance all this out. Lol.😂
there is no data that supports this mass extinction nonsense, it is all about the natural cycle of climate fluctuations
Humanity has not learned conservation...also systems aren't taught to replant trees and plants for habitat...Remove some of the damns...open up more water ways...That weather machine haarp ... And blasting missles outside and above the planet...
Dude your old.  I'm old.  And you have NOT noticed that ?  Lol
When was the last time you had to clean the windshield because of hitting a bug? Get out of the cities!
Here in the USA we have something like 1% of our prairie's and grasslands left...  The Native Grasses that fed wildlife is gone. Buildings and new houses over the top of them, no seeds are kept nothing is ever replanted. And we plant NONE-NATIVE Plants in our yards that will get turned out into a habitat it doesn't belong in... Creeks aren't shaded anymore so the sun bakes and kills everything, we have made sure to destroy not only our grasslands, but our waterways as well and we wonder where all the wildlife and bees have gone... 🤦‍♀️🤷‍♀️
Native American had the right idea when they respected the land and animals.  Use what you need, but greed, spoiled people overdo everything and use everything for a living, including people.  Oppression of the poor also produce more children, so abuse and neglect caused by greedy people are also the cause of a lot of birth.   People live in clustered cities to find work because we were train up to work of others to survive when we used to farm and raise our own food and do things to survive.  We got these holidays that encourage more animals to be killed to celebrated, so our life style is the problem.   Many would rather get rid of people to keep the life style instead of changing their life styles to creat balance.   These fishermen feed restaurants, people too lazy to cook that eating out.   Adam was told to rule over the animal, but his  sin lead to God killing the first animal to cover their shame.  This shame is on the greedy worship of money and power and our society that has become very dependant on the greedy and wanting what they have.  God gave us enough, but greed and gluttony  distroyed much of what God gave us.  God says we parish for a lack of knowledge.  Most of this society has never read the instruction book the bible God gave us that instruct us how to live and govern what He gave us.
It is the CORPORATIONS killing everything off. People, by themselves or groups, DO NOT destroy anywhere near what huge machinery does.
God gave man the guardianship of Earth and look what we have done. 🙊🙉🙈
Ever hear a scientist say there's no problems in the field they study? Of course not,they'd be out of job.
Yes, the "green revolution" prevented mass starvation and allowed our population to continue growing exponentially, for now. However, modern agricultural revolution is entirely fossil fuel dependent, and, in addition to the issue is climate change, fossil fuels are nonrenewable. Once the fossil fuel resources are gone, they are gone for good, and the more we use today the less there will be available to us tomorrow.
Simple answer,,,,human go back to natural life,,,,,no dr,,,,,no fast food,,,,no candy,,,,,just like the millions of other life forms yet 1 human being made life crazy dumb enough
There must be a transition towards a plant based food system.
Who’s going to quit having children, reduce consumption, stop developing wild areas? It’s not going to happen until it has to happen. The majority of People aren’t wired that way.  The most likely future is a massive collapse of habitat and resources and animal populations including human population.  Humans won’t go extinct but most of us will die off. Then life on the planet will slowly start over but keep in mind a lot of land mass will not be habitable for a long time due to pollution and climate.  Most of us will keep destroying to the bitter end. 🙈🙉🙊
Population of mankind has peaked!
Yeah it’s called climate engineering. You can thank people like bull gates for this
😱😱
What needs to happen is create awareness starting from childhood.  The reason being that I've heard so many adults saying  " I won't be here so why worry ? "  How can people be so selfish ?  How about our children,  grandchildren and great-grandchildren and so on ? We must find that  " thing " that will make people want to leave a sustainable and livable Planet for future generations. I don't know what that " thing " is but someone has to find it soon.
Not good
Great job
They are melting the ice in Antartica on purpose, to get to the minerals and resources. That’s why we have global warming. Also, they say “we” are destroy the earth, no... corporations are destroying the earth. Don’t include us in your crime. Take accountability in your actions.
Thanks 60 Minutes
The only real solution is less people. And I for one do not think we have the ability to think like that, especially with the current dominant dogmas surrounding life.  I guess we can prey for the big rock from the sky to say high again. If we make it that far!
Scary
Lived in Florida my whole life when I was a boy in the 80s this place was an actual Zoo life everywhere now it's just old folks homes and Disneyland it's sad...
The only thing that can be done is a global government, so the consuming of natural resources can be better controlled.  Many nations go out and over hunt and fish.  There are also those who are looking to make money, and will do whatever it takes killing endangered animals.  You have those who for money go and cut whole forests down, and do they plant new tress to try and take their places? i don't think so.  Also, the world needs better recycling plans where everything that can be recycled is recycled.  We should plant more trees everywhere we can, since they take in co2 and give out clean oxygen.  But also something that has to happen is our life styles need to change, because we waste so much, your average American has many pairs of shoes, and many coats and an abundance of many other things.  But how do you lower the population without killing billions?
Propaganda producer, lies to support Green agenda.
When I drive from Tampa to Atlanta I don't need to stop to clean the bugs off my windshield anymore. Even during love bug season.
I get the feeling as if I’m listening to someone talk about the abuse of my mom…🥺 We are definitely letting down Mother Earth..
Yet theres millions of acres of land unused lol click bait
Ahhhh man, they busted out the native tears for this one bwahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahahhahahahahahahhaha That reminds me of that racist commercial from the 80’s where the chief crys cuz trash got thrown on the ground… of course 60 min had to throw a native tear in there at the end. Cuz they care ahhhwwwww
And it took you this long to make a show about it? We've all known this for at least four decades.... We've had an interesting little turn in the trend of species just vanishing for years recently around here (New Mexico). Now we get plagues of one species at a time, some insects (usually flies) and then in Fall when the pecans get ripe we get the most massive genocide of crows (sorry, murder's not large enough) throwing pecans on the streets for a month or so. All kinds of random critters, we had a nasty bout with giant desert centipedes couple years back, got me a 10 incher in my kitchen!
I'd love for any one sane person to explain to me how making abortion illegal makes earth a better place to live?.... as if 8 billion people on this planet isn't enough....
People are stupid, obviously where we live animals cannot, and California is a drought ridden awful place placarded by the worst democratic and ecological leadership possible. No resource controls in place, they simply just charge you more money, rich? You can can just buy more water. Move outside of desert states and you might actually see some wildlife.
Yall people are funny! 😂 “I remember back in blablabla we used to hear the billy goats and wamarflamar jams singing their song!! Everyday all day. Now theres no more filpperflappersingermakers…. Its a shame! Bwahahahahahahaha
Thanks for the upload. An unexpected eye opener.
Thanos was right
Chickens, cows, pigs, and guns.. the death of manking.
Happening not because there’s no room for human and animals it happens because big companies keep producing plastic , chemicals that’s why our earth messed up !
The fact that that fisherman was concerned and worried about other people's lives and income suggest perhaps there is still hope for humanity and what's left of the animals.
Depopulation. Bill Gates must have funded this video
The repercussions of Colonization by the Europeans......
Man made weathers on purpose since before Vietnam ...now more countries doing things ....under UN B.$.
Lol what a joke
🖤
jet clouds are not good
This is so sad and America is the worst for wasting
Strong propaganda remember the top 1% want us dead and gone there is to many of us taking up to much of there stuff
Push push push the fear push push push the lie push push push the new world order 🤔🧐🤔
truly horrific what is happening and the people with the actual power refuse to do so
I didn’t hear a whippoorwill this year. I live in a very rural area in the Appalachians.
If we let them .... Peaceful ways are possible ...Nano Voice could be the Living Universal Language that uplift the humanity left in the world ? I truly believe that these mathical infinite applications could only from Sharry Edwards bioacoustics in Ohio please learn all about what we were meant to know since times began before is no more time ... #TRUTHSEEKERS #SaveTheChildrenWorldwide
When republicans say they are conservative, I wish they meant conserving our planet and protecting it.  The trumpish consumerism of recent years is killing us.  It isn’t overpopulation, as much as greedy consumers.
Elon says we are going to have a population collapse.  Idk.
If you have been paying attention .. you know. And it’s not just the animals disappearing, the weather is changing. If you are over 40, you have seen it for yourself.
Having traveled the world for the better part of the last 40 years I've been privileged to view the world   first hand without having   to wonder if  the ravings of learned folks about the end of the world  were true or not.   The biggest/only population and pollution  problems the world faces are from 3rd world countries.   India and China are absolutely   the filthiest,   most overpopulated   places on the   planet.  Ever wonderd why so many  Indians are coming to the USA, Canada and Europe?   Take a trip to India and you will find out immediately.   The West has advanced to a point where we self-regulate our societies very well.   Much of the rest of the world not so.   The destruction of the earth is coming from societies and countries that  are living with the technology developed and given to them by advanced  peoples but without the societal development to handle it.
We are a cancer to this planet we don’t benefit the planet, all we do is take, at least the animal kingdom add to the eco system. We destroy it.
If we were only one with the Earth you know majority of things that we need a vegetables and we can't even grow vegetables now all we do is grow certain kinds but even if you have a space to deal with it and do it you know there's always some kind of issue you can never just feed yourself. 📡👽🇺🇸 RUN!!!
Logan's Run, Paul.
Here's a sci-fi answer:   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/The_Ministry_for_the_Future
Thousands of planets sit cold and lifeless while we are destroying the only life we’ve been able to find
To be honest since Covid when humans shut down the earth was healing it self, no smog you were locals were able to see the himalayans and animals were doing better
So sad
What's Fukushima
So the last five mass extinction were caused by human as well?
Wouldn't it only make sense that viruses will adapt to human host as We eliminate the animals they currently live on?
Too many people. 🤔 So I guess the show Utopia I just binged on Prime was right on the money. I live in the south and I’m constantly seeing dead animals on the roads and highways. And it’s has been getting worse from since I first moved here.
It's soo sad 😔, y r we doing this to our planet 😢, it's not right!
🤣 you don’t realize how low population actually is right now
Good thing most of you took the jab. Just give it a few more years lol😅
Capitalism is a death cult
Did anybody do the math which says that all seven billion people on earth now could fit in the state of Texas? And each have two miles Square? Now go do the math and see why they've been lying and why the media including this video you're watching? It's supposed to keep you guessing? And then they'll text you they're the kings and queens AKA fails got to run love you
Lordy thanks but we failed, ☄️ we wait!
Apparently our own extinction is not a problem because people believe we can just move to another planet.
More like, humans are killing most of the animals in the world.
Humans are to Planet Earth what cancer is to a living cell.
solution. lotteries that let the lucky ones live
Why won't 60 minutes hold the logging, farmland and fossil fuels corporations who are actually responsible for causing mass destruction? Stop distorting the truth to make it look like it's poor peasants  who are causing this.
Dude not aboriginal or indigenous he a colonizer also. We need a extinction level event so we can be first again  Remember the first shall be last and the last shall be first
At least you now have condos, cryptocurrency , 30 min showers,
Wanna know how much bs this is, humanity has more food than ever before, and we as a species innovates and adapts to survive, we will be fine
What about the squatch? I was seeing them all the time, now… nothing.
this is falls !!!!!
These colonizers destroy everything they touch or invade
Earth won't end, only mankind  Im fine with that
Nice
Coronavirus and poisoned injected food has entered the chat
Our population is too big of bone heads to change we are doomed
I was born in the 50s and i can see the change polluted air polluted water more cancer crowded roads less wild birds and fish very sad
No muro...
We need more COVIDD outbreaks please….
GeoEngineering certainly isn’t helping, and let’s not gaslight each other, anymore. The compounds, chemicals, metals and even solid carbon dioxide we constantly see planes criss-cross our blue skies with, massively contributes to widespread pollution, effectively spraying poison into waterways as if you cloudseed in the mountains, that runoff, ends up in rivers, effecting fish, and then we eat it/ breathe it, and it’s spread across the land, effecting birds, insects, all life. Silver Iodide is harmful and toxic and I can’t say it enough. It’s GOT TO STOP! Tonga Hunga put insane / very dangerous amounts of water vapor into atmosphere to where we now have atmospheric rivers raining an inch per hour of more/ 10 feet of snow… and this is the new normal?!? I’d better not see ANY MORE unnatural efforts to pull moisture into the mountain ranges by messing with Nature in these stupid UnGodly, and unnecessary ways! An awful domino effect, but greedy evil powers want us all enslaved and DEAD!
I love the woods I can't stand how they're cut in the woods down animals are losing habitat it just makes me sick
We did it to ourselves.
Propaganda!
Oh my, when he said about 4 billion live on less than $10 a day and want cars, air conditioning, and a rich diet too, wow you can just imagine the state of the world if we were all financially well off.
All earth eco problems are caused by big irresponsible corporations
A population can only survive in an environment that is sustainable. We are heading towards a global population crash because we have eradicated natural selection from the equation due to medical science advancement. All populations, if uncontrolled by nature will collapse. Our existence on this planet is hiding behind a thin veil of over-reliance on technology, to protect us from nature, but the veil cannot hold back indefinitely. Our time is almost up and it's every man for himself from hereon in. Our planet will look after itself.
Time to start the wars
Lies, God says in the Bible for man to go forth and multiply.
We are in collapse of wild life because  we don’t took care of the resources available before was too late. GMO’s Monsanto are killing the earth, anything they produce is only for profit, they don’t care if wildlife is affected by this, and whatever they produce is bad for humans.
🧢
Mass and minor extinctions are extremely normal for earth. Just sit back and ride the wave.... this is a common occurrence for this planet.
Yeah but have you seen all the profits? Think how awesome it is that we have private citizens exploring space and not just governments. If you peasants would just suck it up and go along we could get at least a dozen zillionaire’s in the next few decades.
And then they made covid and the vax to help take care of that problem. Never trust the government and globalists
Why don't cows go extinct
"The sky is falling!!" Golly, but these greenies LOVE bad news.
We need to throw all CEO's of the fossil fuel industries in jail for life
I mean we jump trash in oceans we build build build no wonder this happens. Commerical guys catching millions of fish.
News was SOOOOOO much now accurate before Mr Obamanation repealed an act that banned the government from turning it into propaganda. Now "news" is full of lies and propaganda of the puppet masters who wanted to enslave us. Glad I'm not a useful idiot and can see through the lies and manipulation.
This is Chinese propaganda. They want us to eat bugs. LoL
Trump2024
Guess you guys don't k ow about the younger dryas impacts about 10,800 years ago that caused the last ice ago and destroyed an advanced civilization. Listen to Graham Hancock and Randall Carlson
Nevertheless, a lot of people is peddling the idea of “population collapse”, like we need more population, absolutely ridiculous.  The fisheries are salvable, non fishing zones and netted fish production could do a lot to replenish the fish population. The issue with all this subjects is, political will and commercial support. Without real sustainable practices, we are doomed.
ridiculous pseudo-journalism.
Who paid for these studies 👀
Make more diseases
Birds disappearing because of 5g, insects disappearing because of pesticides. Corporations are responsible for 90% of all pollution & corporations are run by psychopathic CEO's who get to where they are by having no empathy or compassion.  The climate change narrative is a hoax, we are going through natural climate change cycles which are exacerbated by pollution & weather modification by HAARP & chemtrailing. The whole climate change agenda is designed to wrest more control over the world population.  More taxes & soon they will be limiting our movement, all in the interest of "saving the planet." We have been sold a lie that we are overpopulated, that's why big cities were created.  All of this is to support an agenda of population control which is basically genocide.
People and systems adapt. Thats why the doom and gloom never happens as they predict. Plant and animal species going extinct is a natural phenomenon. That's how natural selection has always worked.  Fisheries and forests go extinct because the government owns it, and politicians have a financial incentive to make money off licensing and renting it. This is why its over fished and why forests are being cut down.
Death Stranding
So what is the solution? Do we start killing each other? I didn’t even have children to duplicate my genes and live on a very small part of land....just one -eighth of an acre.How do get folks to live with less? I know Bill Gates is not going to live with less.He just bought 200,000 acres of prime farm land?
Overpopulation.. sounds like a conspiracy theory 🤭
Humanity must stop disrespecting the Mother.  She brought us in, and she can take us out.
They will not repent
Funny. California is the standard. California burns every year due to poor forest management.
If they act like this in the green imagine in the dry
All mountains will be moved out of their places
1/3 of all trees will be burnt up and all green grass
1/3 of all life will die in the sea and then all life will die in the sea
All of the animals come off the land
Now when this mortal puts on immortality And this corruptible puts on The incorruptible Then comes the end
The desolations will continue until the end of the war The end will come like a flood
This is the word of God This is the biggest scandal in the history of time When Donald Trump sneaks up on Israel When Nancy Pelosi takes up the position to do his bidding When the church based on politics is set up There will be a red one a black one a white one a pale one
Where is the Mad Scientist when we really need him or her  .... The one who wants to wipe out billions of people, just because he or she knows we don't deserve this beautiful Planet.
Fireflies, monarch butterflies, eastern ash tree..all almost extinct in my lifetime and right before my eyes.  Used to be so many bees suckling off flowering dandelions in the field in front of my parents, you were almost guaranteed to be stung.   Farmers using pesticides is a major problem that nobody wants to discuss because they are a main source of food, but it will be too late to make any significant change when every child is born with cancer or some form of health defect or issue. The evidence is right before your eyes, yet going against the status quo will get you in trouble.
population control propaganda
Wow….can’t believe y’all are saying this. Absolutely right,there are too many USELESS people on this planet.
It's a good job that recently billions of people chose to scuttle their immune system which was 4,000,000,000 years in the making. By 2030 the global human population will have fallen to around 500,000,000. Phew. Thank you for your cowardly sacrifice Covidiots. Thank you billionaire philanthropist eugenicists. Yay.
When I was a kid living in Carson California, there use to be a lot of frogs. By the time I was a teenager I don't recall seeing one frog.
Therefore, mass extinctions are naturally occurring phenomena. Buckle up.   Stanford produces alarmists.   The alarmists base their results on speculation.
In Sydney-Wollongong Australia, 20 years ago insects would cover the window screens at night. NONE now.
no
This report is BS… just another desperate attempt to push the anthropogenic climate change grift. 🤦‍♂️   That Ehrlich guy was wrong on so much yet they still act like he’s somebody people should be listening to…. ridiculous
Climate change, Infrastructure, population, pollution, poisons Pathetic 😐
The best part about mass extinction is the evolved forms of life that follow. Love or die.
We evolved into to a disease...
So he gets to live his whole life, 90 years, but we need to be worried. Everybody interviewed in this story have grey hair & are of a particular age.  This is no different than all the people who are in their 70s & 80s saying we are in our last days.  They are in their last days.  This is the opinion of people who are of a particular age.  The planet is getting older each day.  When we age things look different.  Does not mean we are dead.  Things are happening as a result of an aging Earth.    Please understand that these are theories, speculation, and projections.
Climate change,
🌎H THE PLACES WE’LL GO…
Meanwhile in Montana we have so many deer and Turkeys in our town that it is a problem. There are plenty of Grizzly Bears in Montana but that’s because when they get too close to a town in California they get relocated here.
Californiana has 40,000,000 people … sorry it is understandable… Australia 🇦🇺 size of USA … population 25,000,000 … over run with crocodiles , kangaroos, wild horses , wild donkeys , wild camels , increases in shark attacks and siting,, and from the floods and rains the environment in Australia has improved from a drought and devastating fires to floods and improving flora and fauna ?
😂😂😂😂😂 if you believe this your hurting..
Actually, this report is the 7th mass extinction.  The 6th was the mass extinction of human intelligence and rationale.
The dinosaurs did not extinct...they still lives to day as animals in nature....even humans used to be dinosaurs.....it is called evolution.
This is what happens when people get greedy and want to just take and take and not really give back. Most people only care about here and now, money, and what benefits them not caring about our children or children’s children. Very sad
At 5:30 mark.  And mankind had nothing to do with those extinction events either...  This is nothing more than a scare tactic to take control of the populace by the pseudo "elite" that want people killed (but not themselves of course) so they can exert power.  fauci much?  Responsible for the deaths of millions that rivals people like hitler, stalin and mao.
Scientists: Too many people is the problem. Also Scientists: Let's help all the poor people in the world to stay alive.
I remember in the 80’s in Northern California catching huge bull frogs and then letting them go when our moms said we can’t keep them, and going fishing for huge catfish, those seem to be a thing of the past now at least there. It is not because of warming or pollution or even urbanization, it is purely over harvesting of them. There is a specific ethnic group in that area that for whatever reason seemed to be allowed to poach, the stretched nets across canals, keeping anything caught in them like fish frogs turtles and birds. We were up hunting one year and came upon two in a pickup with a literal pile of deer in the truck, at least a dozen. We informed a game warden we came across and he literally told us , “I know, I can’t do anything about it “.  I not saying over population isn’t causing issues it is, but there are other factors that for whatever political reasons are being ignored. Why if population is a concern are they still allowing people to flood into the country? Our immigration process should also consider population, kind of a one out one in sorta system. But we in the u.s. are but a drop in the bucket for damaging environments compared to some African and Asian countries.
If man we're the caretakers they were supposed to be then the earth could sustain far more than 8billion people. Soon enough it'll be corrected...
Including us humans .. breeding less .. more disease .. it filters down to all species … but we are the problem… other species can’t speak 🗣 and all we do is fight 😮
Have no fear. We must die as we know it in order to evolve into biohumans. No need for seeds.  NO need for animals as food. We will consume synthetic fuel. We will be robotic. The elite have saved seeds and stored them. We will move on and God will make sure the world continues. We have no idea what's in store. Life will not be same in the future. Extinction and extermination for Evolution.
Yawn....establishment globalist propoganda masquerading as journalism.  We see you.
Well… happy 2023 hahahaa
This was said in 1976 as well   Ugh.
By 100% agree, I was born in 1969 and I tell people all the time. The difference between the 70s and today is staggering. I live on the east coast. You used to be able to drive from NY to Boston on 95 and barely see a car. Now it's a freaking parking lot all the way. There are too many people.
Just have to leave the forest alone .
Junk science with an agenda.  Species are constantly going extinct and we are constantly finding new species.
All ‘environnementalists’ are at Their core eugencists
Global population growth is not being contributed to by America. In fact, pollution, greenhouse emissions, population growth, deforestation and extinction are all being driven by countries going through industrial revolutions. It's literally a joke to talk about this stuff and not implicate places like China, India and many of the African and South American countries.
Global warming is fake vote  trump ❤
I love the hubris of people that think that they can alter the course of nature (or God).
IF HE TOOK HIS 4 BOATS AND CHARTERED 2 TRIPS A DAY HE COULD MAKE $ 3,200 A DAY HOOK LINE AND SINKER . IT WOULD ALLOW THE FISH POPULATION TO RECOVER.
wouwvww 👏
The problem is a human lifetime is patheticly short, so there's noone old enough to tell us what is wrong. We don't live long enough for the give-a-shit to kick in.
Later humans. We all had our chance and blew it. Wouldn’t be the first time though.
The fisherman showed the perfect example of the free market and natural selection. Don't think I want government scientists making life and death decisions that for sure won't effect them
Fear, fear, hurry, existential threat, more fear, doom, and the end is near. We don’t have a population problem, we have a population density issue. The cities are over populated, not the 🌎
🧢
Humans are the dominant species. Technology will save us in the short term.  This planet is doomed in about a billion years.  Humans will be extinct long before that. It is the circle of life.
Just like farming, Fishing  became to efficient. Just like the TUNA FISHERMAN THEY SHOULD GO HOOK LINE AND SINKER. 1970's  were mentioned, I grew up fishing on a river that was so polluted that a whole species became extinct BLUE PIKE. Some days the water would be different colors depending on the day. LET'S FACE IT ARE WATER WAYS ARE 3 TIMES CLEANER THAN EVER.
It's been a fun ride but it's time  for everybody to step off it. It's about over for everyone.
Literally all of this is a lie or spin on the truth. Everyone needs to do their own research.
"Humanity is not sustainable." These words are devilish.
Could you give subtitles
FTW
So this is the last generation...damn finally!!!
Now this is actually happening, and the people of the world should believe it!
greedy fish companies,.. happened in Newfoundland with the cod.
...they dont tell us about the new species that will come of this cycle...a large #of new species will come from this era also...check for yourself
36 years old and I really can’t tell you last time I heard a frog and any crickets at night. I don’t even see grasshoppers anymore 😮
The climate and the Earth changes constantly get over yourself
Lol, this is the same guy who predicted mass extinction would occur in the ‘70s.
somewhere a cow is watching and farted anyway.
BS!
BULLCRAP! There's so much land out there that isn't even being used! Humans feel the need to CROWD OUT each other and STEAL LAND! FACTS!!!😡
I don't buy into that theory...
This guy said the world was going to starve to death by the end of the 1960s… He was wrong. Over and over. He is wrong again but there’s so many people just want to believe him. You can’t make science fit your theory, you must make your theory from your science. Simple idea but very neglected today especially with left-wing scientists.
What absolute nonsense! 1) There are 30,000 excess elephants in the Kruger National Park alone that have to be culled!  2) The polar bears are NOT in trouble..they have increased enormously. AND that is just what I know about 🤷‍♀️
Humanity has never been sustainable once we figured out how to live longer. Invisible Cullen will have to been the way to go and the company's that make non recyclable plastic.
The earth is suffering from satanic billionaires and their ideas to try to become gods. Even though they get away with mass murderers and earth destruction here and now, there is an eternity to pay the bill for it.
The planet will be fine.....that is correct ,see the melting ice caps,that occurred ,before the last great flood , we didn't have fossil fuels back then,nor were they around 65 million years ago ,what caused that great flood 12,000 years ago,that took out the woolly mammoths ,the same caused the extinction of the dinosaurs ,and it's happening again ,12,000 years ago we didn't deserve it ,but today in 2023 ,we are worthy to become extinct ,we can't live in balance or peace ,together ,we are killing ourselves leading to extinction  anyway  .
That is a lie man has taken 70% of land !! You could put every human in the USA into Texas !! That is the truth !!these people lie to try and justify murders of human beings !
Unfortunately, irresponsible people are pro-creating daily. And those kids grow up the same way and reproduce quicker 😔
Real news flash people : God created this earth for mankind he knew how much of everything that was needed and he knew how many people would be here ! This stuff right here is propaganda done by greedy elite thinking they are entitled to more and the best !! So they feed you these lies to justify their plan to depopulate ! God sees and knows who these greedy evil people are . God has a plan to remove them too ! Trust Gods plannnot man’s and follow Jesus Christ🙏
Don't blame me for what I've become. I now question everything and believe almost nothing. Had everyone been honest and played fair, there would be lots of support. But when one side continues to spew out garbage, unsupported by facts and then denies the opposition the ability to respond, skeptics fill the void. Trigger words and catch phrases repeated over and over replace science as truth, and those to dare to speak out are politically and socially held up as responsible. "rivers full of dead salmon" sounds horrendous until you remember that salmon enter rivers to die, and that rivers full of dead salmon are exactly what we should have. In Latin America, the abundance of wildlife has fallen 96% since 1970? With vast areas almost untouched and barely mapped, 96%?. And how was that determined? By whom? Hopefully not World Wildlife Fund. They are a leftist  political machine posing as conservationists . They are funded by global elites and care little about wildlife, and nothing about human life. Answer this one. With global warming on the rise and ocean levels rising since the 70s from melting ice, why do so many of our politicians buy properties on coastlines only feet from the sea? We haven't identified half the species yet thousands are going extinct. We have species come and go and were never even noticed. No one fixes anything. They just pit us against each other and rob us blind while not looking. Science has been purging itself of conservatives for years to where the crazy ideas of the left now go unchallenged out of fear. So I believe none of it and that has served me quite well through these crazy times. What we need are fewer scientists with political motives. How has 60 minutes gone from national treasure to liberal mouthpiece. And why do they still act as though they are still someone's treasure at all. They are disgraced and now part of the problem. But actually, they always were.
Better get back to basics too much advancements leading to advancing earth premature aging. Soylent Green Days are coming.
Unseen since the dinosaurs? No ones ever seen dinosaurs. Gtfoh science
But yet I can get salmon pretty cheap lol
Ich finde es gut das es in den USA immer mehr Menschen gibt die sich Gedanken machen. Denn gerade Nationen wie USA können der Welt zeigen wie es besser geht und wie man Nachhaltig wirtschaften kann. Seit Jahrzehnten eifern viele Länder dem American Way of Live nach und das noch weit übertriebener und ohne jegliche Umsicht oder Weitsicht.
Humanity is grossly overpopulated...just saying
Good
Scientists believe a cold is a plague.  They've lost all credibility.
Scientists and inventors create the commodities for commoners. Then the commoners take the blame when these creations backfire.
It's also because we need to stop all that we are doing and go home to take care of our families.
I'm only speculating...but in all likelihood, it would take the removal of 95% of the human population to stop the human races destruction of planet Earth... Question is...who would make up the 5% that remained? 🤔
Leading Biologist from the DNC!
Wonder what they blamed the ice age and global flood on before they made up climate change
About time media began covering this. 👏👏👏
Sad to see how many people fall for this BS.
The Earth would be happy if they let my ppl GO ! P
Take a look at the known history of Earth. Climates have naturally changed with or without humans and in drastic ways. At one point in Earth's history the North Pole was subtropical. We obviously had nothing to do with that because that was hundreds of millions of years before we even existed.  Climate change is a natural process on this planet.
Complete propaganda
seeing it ripple its way up the food chain of deep sea life is horrific. coral reefs have basically been sitting in 7up for the past 20 years... 71% of this big rock we call home is water... we don't have much time left 😔 maybe if we're really nice to AI it can help us somehow... but it's tech, not magic. enjoy each day of life as we know it to the fullest while ya still can ✌️
The best thing for the Earth is human mass extinction. We are the most invasive, parasitic species ever to walk the planet. A widespread pandemic combined with willful ignorance and selfishness will do the job within the next 1000 years. "My friend said, 'We're like the dinosaurs... doing ourselves in faster than... they ever did. We'll make great pets.' "
There’s no political will to do it because the people in charge are all about power and greed.   They don’t care about us or the environment and if they tell you they do they are lying.    I feel this guys emotions.   The world breaks my heart every damn day.
Nonsens
Rev.11:18......Jeoa will bring to ruin those ruining the earth
KJV Isaiah 51:6 6 Lift up your eyes to the heavens, and look upon the earth beneath: for the heavens shall vanish away like smoke, and the earth shall wax old like a garment, and they that dwell therein shall die in like manner: but my salvation shall be for ever, and my righteousness shall not be abolished.
AHAHAHA
soooooo we've had 5 other mass extinctions well before humans had been doing all these bad things  but now the 6th extinction is because of humans.  how can anyone in their right mind believe this propaganda.  God help us you people cant be this dense
I never see butterflies, grass hoppers, or crickets anymore.
I remember as a kid, you couldn't put a soda can down because the bees would be in.
Damn. Welp, it looks like we are going to need a new world war to lower the population.
I live in Western NC. In my lifetime I have seen the flourishing of a wild turkey population, whitetail deer have exploded in numbers and witnessed the introduction of Elk. When I was 10, the deer season was 2 weeks long with a few doe days. Now the season is from mid November to January 1st because of the population. I'm not saying there hasn't been any bad choices made but let's not overlook incredible success stories as well. If California reintroduced Grizzly bears, they would make it,
😅whatever! Thank you Klause!!
anything to justify killing people under a false narrative!
"Ok, I know you rich, but can you just keep it to 1 house? You only need one house...and if you got 2 kids can you keep it to 2 rooms? Why  have 52 rooms when you know there's somebody with no room. It don't make sense to me.." - Tupac Shakur
How we take over 70% of water but only discovered 5% of oceans
07:40  Truth HURTS
1970? Don't believe it.
“scientists”
Here we go . . so what do you propose Mr. Ehrlich - mass population decrease?
Oh my Gosh ! Please stop... Just tell them the truth already!! Come on... This has to stop.... We Are Not Being Extincted ..... It's Just Jesus!! I'm not being extincted. ...I'm going HOME!!.... The earth, and even us for that matter, we are all experiencing the beginning of sorrows, otherwise known as the birthing pains, they are to come just before HIS return... It still could be 100 years from now or tomorrow, no one knows the day or hour, but every single sign is here ... The animals and fish dying off, the weather, earthquakes, disasters, wars, other signs are here too... grass and fruit growing in certain places, certain rivers drying up, the sun misbehaving, all the lunar eclipses we've had.... ISRAEL ...just everything ... So many signs
We are a cancer on this planet, but what are we to do?  None of these issues are an absolute of human causality
I was practically told this since I’ve been a child. I’m twenty now. It surprises me that their talking about this like it’s a “new thing”
I believe every word of this. However, never, not once, do any of the mass media reporters ask the people telling the science information the question that should be asked: what do they live without in order to help save the planet? The people who have the least, live the smallest, and consume the least, are the ones who these rich privileged people want to fix this. Meanwhile Mr. and Mrs. fancy pants are living large, buying luxury, eating high on the hog, flying around in jets, and vacationing in the most environmentally fragile places on earth. Until that changes, people are not going to listen. Simple fact. Humans ain't that complicated. It's take all you can in this jungle.
I wouldn't trust this snake oil salesman, all those "predictions" he states are his, are not his predictions and most of them were just not true to begin with. The problem is polluting and over production by companies. They are pushing the issue on the average population instead of the source of the problem.
I've been saying this since the early 90s. I live in a very rural area. We vacation from time to time leaving our area. The massive buildup of homes and developments across the USA is truly unimaginable. It is now happening here on a scale never seen before bc people are trying to escape the wastlands People are consuming every square inch of land. I hate saying it, but humanity is a spreading cancer on this planet.
I'm not worried. Christ still sits on the throne and will take care of his own. Acts 2:38🕊
This is down to chemicals in farming & chem trails.  We are not too many but the way we live is too much.
we wish for a mass extinction of the media
without salmon the forest dies  We were at 6 billion people since the seventies now at eight we're our own worst enemy smh
Not true
This problem is because of capitalist consumerism.
I cannot believe that someone can say with the same certainty that I would say "it is so and so miles from here to there" or "that board is 48" long" that "in its 4 billion years there have been 5 major extinction events, the last being 65 million years ago" and we have become so programmed we lap it up like a thirsty soul. Think of all the assumptions that are made to believe we have this knowledge.
These are signs that we are doing things wrong to the nature of the world 🗺 and we will all perished for using the world resources wrong  the creator will be come soon enough bless me my Jesus the world is yours
Sure, let's pretend it's a massive global extinction so trillions can be spent on something elusive instead of what is actually killing everything.  Why don't we talk about all the harmful chemicals used on our food as it is growing, all the chemicals used on the factory farmed animals, the massive land grab by Gates, and water grab.  Let's call out the actual companies and name them - these companies have poisoned the land, animals, the ground and the humans!  Of course we have to pretend that the global shift from using recyclable glass to plastic for everything simply because it is convenient, has had no affect whatsoever to the oceans.  Lastly, let's talk about the UN Biodiversity Conference!  All the wealthy flew in on their private jets when they could have heard everything talked about in the comfort of their own homes!  Wasn't that part of the reason for computers - to save paper (also known as trees) and the need for long distance travel?    Why don't you just say that none of these changes will involve anyone who is wealthy, no they will continue to fly, use all the a/c, heat, water, land, hunt nearly extinct animals and water their lawns in the middle of a dessert.  Just the plebs must change!  You don't want to deal with reality, only cause hysteria, while your friends prosper and continue to destroy the earth.
A fool has said in his heart there is no God!
Creating boundaries and setting aside reserved protected areas for wildlife. Releasing animals from zoos that can be accumulated, reproduce the population. Cultivate engineers, inventors and visionaries who have eco-friendly  logical solutions to combat climate change. Lastly, implementing  and establishing guardians, who genuinely love, appreciate and knowledgeable about plants, nature, herbs, animals, marine health and etc. in these natural habitat. Thereby, ensuring natural balance is restored, in the blessed name of the Creator.
So the same ppl who hate Elon Musk need his New Earth overflow idea more than ever now.
Excellent reporting. This needs to be. A priority.
Right. Old people complaining there are too much humans. May be they should have lived shorter lives? 😂😂😂
About 15 years ago I would help dispense condoms for the Center for Biological Diversity.  Each condom wrapper had a picture of an endangered species on the wrapper with a pithy little saying like: "Before you deck her save the woodpecker".  We've BEEN in the midst of a 6th mass extinction, and it's all due to unsustainable human overpopulation.  People don't like hearing that truth though.  ✌️
Most elderly people in organizations know it is not their problem, cause that problem is 100 years away they won't be around to help fix it.
Yay
wheel inventor would cry........we are the new cave man.....get rid of money for extreme human advancement.....reconstruct the broke(n) proven unsustainable....the Venus Project for the youth, free the old.
Elon Musk says there's not enough Humans on Earth!! WTF!!
As soon as I realised this was being fronted, by Biden's best buddy, I switched off!!!!!!!!!
if you will pray to god and repent he will heal your land. if not well?
Where I grew up near Heidelberg, Germany, you were not allowed to swim in the river due to chemical pollution and many birds and mammals were nearly extinct, due to overuse of soil and too much chemical furtilizer. It is much better now due to several things : the farmers were forced by law to leave half a meter of soil as a fringe around their fields, plant hedges and trees as windbreaks and strongly reduce the nitrogen content and weed and insect sprays. The result is that wildflowers, bees, many old plants came back, as well as pheasants, storks and many birds like the green woodpecker and some we thought extrinct. The farmers, one was a classmate, were pleasantly surprised that the soil quality got much better due to changes, simply by mixing cultures and the above.  Just saying that there are things humans can do to reverse some of the damage.
Just saw a map of eagles nests in 1970 and eagles nest in 2019 and there are so many MORE eagles so this news story is fake news
Save 1/3 of Earth that remains wild China: Allow me to introduce myself...
Mass Extinction of Thinking People !
I laugh when I see worshipers of Climate Religion using fossil fuels to comment here...........
You will own nothing & eat bugs Klaus Schwab….
Things are changing, but we’ve always lived in a sin cursed fallen world.  Let it remind you this life is temporal and faith in the sacrificial atonement of Jesus Christ is the only way to heaven.  Don’t put your hope in this sin cursed world, put it in eternal things where neither moth nor rust doth corrupt, and where thieves do not break through nor steal, for where your treasure is, there will your heart be
This guy talks about 5 earths to support 8 billion people, this man is a joke. You can grow food in warehouses these days, the old generation have no clue about that. Never get your opinion only from 1 generation about scientific answers.
And yet, try telling, let alone enforcing, humans to limit breeding.
It’s not profitable to save the planet…. Until you change the way money works you change nothing.
It's a simple solution that nobody wants to hear or do and that is go Vegan on a global scale, give back and rewild all the forests that have been cut down for animal agriculture. 80 billion land animals and 120 billion sea life are killed annually for our greed, and it's time to stop to save ourselves. We are eating our way to extinction.
It's already too late.
Mass extinction event better known as voting democrat
Funny when you see in first worlds where restaurants are throwing out good food by the tons each month. The ones that have it so good don't care if others are starving, they rather throw out good food than donate to the hungry.
Beautiful
8:06 There is only one solution, for the earth population.... Its you..   Rick and Morty... reference..
Have you ever heard a politician, or a priest for that matter, saying there's too many people? Not politically (or religiously) correct, I guess
The problem isn't the number of people on the planet, it's overconsumption and waste; everything from food waste to McMansions and SUV's
Stop reproducing! it's really easy.
We just hit the billion mark for population earth isn't going to be able to sustain this growth in population
two words: POPULATION CONTROL
Good - We are no longer a species that deserves to survive.
I really don't get the continual building of property instead of encouraging multi family living and utilizing tiny houses and cabins on already inhabited property.
Thanos was right.
The United States is over with....,..and it's just around the corner. I thought 💭 I'd be old and gone but it appears I will be alive and kicking witnessing the end to this era of the world 🌎.
Reckless pseudo-journalism that pushes a political narrative where only the elites are worthy of survival and everyone else goes mentally ill through the media's fear-mongering. Those driving this earthy narrative are techies who couldn't survive a single day in nature without electronic devices.
I think 19 being unleashed upon the 🌍 was a way to depopulate and save mom 🌎 One day mother 🌎 will kick us all off like a bad case of fleas.
Get ready for some population control
The salmon game is simple. Export it all to Japan and other premium markets and import Chinese catfish for pennies. These are economic decisions the wealth make for us. The top handful of the richest in the U.S. consume as much resources as the next 185 million people. Everything is gpd. Everything will be gone and they'll have the last place that isn't ruined till it all is completely, past irrevocable.
People are living longer
Well soon they'll be imposing climate change n extinction lockdowns get ready folks!🤔😱, animal species are definitely declining though as well as plants too, you cannot make a comparison with the dinosaurs as that had nothing to do with humanity!🤔, also I think a $1000 is peanuts they should be giving these people more as they're poor, what are they going to build their homes with as they need wood for their house's?🤔
I think we all kinda figured this out already. Thinking of all of the plastic we throw out daily disturbs me. Why don't we just have refill stations for our  plastic washing detergent containers?
Too little, too late. Bye everybody.
It’s beyond wrong what the animals go through, It must end
The WWF and the WEF have the same ideas: there are too many people on Earth. They want a sixth mass extinction, but only got a micro extinction of some species.  Only 1% of all species ever are still alive today,  98.99% went due to Natural causes.
Godless people come out with this rubbish!  If GOD wants this to happen we can't change it.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣THE ZOMBIES!!!!!!!!!! DON'T WORRY ABOUT THE FISH, "ALL YOU ZOMBIES ARE ABOUT TO GET PUT TO DEATH"!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
In Brazil, indigenous people do not charge anything to protect the forest and what is most precious in it: the cycle of life. This explains why Bolsonaro tried in every way to exterminate Brazilian Indians. Bolsonaro encouraged the illegal invasion of indigenous territories, facilitated the purchase and possession of firearms by gangs of invaders of indigenous territories, and left indigenous people without medical care and vaccines during the pandemic. He wanted to cut down the forest much faster than he did. Bolsonaro almost managed to destroy everything: indigenous people and the forest they protect are dying. Fortunately, Lula was elected and has already begun to revoke Bolsonaro's decrees that facilitated mining in indigenous lands. But the Brazilian president will face resistance and needs strong support from the international community.
Do all you people believe everything they program you for?
How much did the population decline after COVID ?
Humans are the ones truly in danger because nature will survive anything humans cant
All these commercial fishermen seem their fish to China. Instead of fishing for our needs we sell our fish for greed and profits.
I want to save the planet how can I help
I don’t believe any bs the media putting out these days
We'll survive on pink goo or something and the new generations won't know about animals and plants, We'll be fine.
Just look at the state of Florida,  its being destroyed daily, wildlife has no were to go and lakes beaches are full of trash , oh how I miss ol Florida.
Never
The solution is buying a Prius
It's ok because our abilities to reproduce are being attacked ferociously. Our bodies are being barraged by chemicals in our air, in our food, in our water. Everyday we're beamed full of frequencies, microwaves, 5g to the point that our bodies can't even reproduce anymore.
Us human beings are a narcissistic species. We must remember that we are not as unique and special as we think we are.
I call BS
They are lieng , the Rothschilds Kaziran ✡️ cabal are doing this ....
When you say there are too many people In the world... Just remember that you are one of them
You blew the end.  All mass extinctions were caused by natural disasters. We're natural and a disaster!
Our island nation is just a dot on the world map and our population almost a million people but we only live on the coast the outskirts of our jungles and mountains, our jungles and mountains are so vast that we are not even close to populating half of the land yet or even used it for farming or economical growth, My country will still be able to sustain our growth for many year's to come ✌😉👍🏼
Like I said, and I will always say! Due to economic social roles that people depend on to survive, somehow Rich companies are at fault due to taking earth natural resources for thier greedy profits, Once this is ends, I’m sure we will see positive towards a greener world.
Cutting down all the trees that has some to do with it the Amazon is about to disappear.
You don’t have to watch this beyond the first 60 seconds to comprehend their indirect childbirth control propaganda.
But yet Republicans want to ban all abortions smh.
We are so selfish we won't stop getting pregnant and give Earth a break before the Earth decides to get rid of us
How the rich countries are capable to change this , we need to start from the top , the biggest population countries are the poorest so we the rich ones have to start change our life , our private jates our private yacht, our powerful cars , our pools, the way we eat all
Growing fish instead of catching them. Our ancestors made it through all of those extinction events. There is a good chance we can protect and perpetuate endangered and nearly extinct species if we can get all countries can agree to invest in science instead of war.
Just those who got the jab, the rest of us will be ok.
This story rolls around every few years. I wrote a college paper on this back in 1997. We knew then that we are on the sixth mass extinction. I have seen little recognition even after 26 years. Always another meeting and summit. Cop 27…Corporations get richer. Species continue to die. Very little actual action is being taken. I also don’t like the Malthusian argument. We don’t have too many people. The problems lie in hoarding of resources, poor stewardship of the earth, and excess corporate consumption lifestyle model. This was a well done and educational video. Education and Understanding are our path to a better future.
This is shameful propaghanda
Thanos.. where art thou?
If you place every person in the world into Texas, every person would have a 30'x30' plot. Maybe its greed, not over population
Well better them than us
Extinction events are NATURAL, NOT MAN MADE. we are exiting an ICE AGE, Climate change is a constant. The 3rd world is the BIGGEST POLLUTERS
Earth isn't facing an extinction, humans are. The earth will be fine.
Time to Tax Growth at 100% Land clearing or tree harvesting 100% Tax, Profit from any chemical or gas other than oxygen released into the environment 100% Tax
IT'S THE POISONS LIKE ROUNDUP & FROM THE NANOPARTICLES BEING SPRAYED FOR DECADES IN THE ATMOSPHERE......THEY KNEW WHAT THEY WERE DOING WHILE THEY LIED ABOUT DOING IT & NOW THEY'RE SPRAYING A NEW 'COCKTAIL' TO SHIELD THE EARTH FROM THE SUN....."THE WAYS OF MAN, LEAD TO DEATH".......ROMANS 1: 18-32
I haven’t had any kids yet my desire is 6 but maybe not anymore
Whoa I typed in died suddenly movie and I ended up here.
8:09 reminds me of revaluations 16 :12 where the Euphrates River dries up and what would happen if it did; 1/3 of the world wiped out.
We're a virus with shoes.
I'm profoundly depressed for my children and grandchildren everyday, because the majority of the world's human population just doesn't want to care about global warming, mass extinction and etc., at least not until their personal comforts are impacted negatively by climate catastrophes! The media is also not saying enough about the direness of our earth's present situation — gluttony, greed and exorbitant profit margins are what's important today for the powerful and wealthy! It's like they're saying f_ck a healthy planet for our children and grandchildren, because we'll already be dead when sh¡t gets real!
Societal and environmental collapse will continue because     Humans are an ignorant species they indoctrinate their children from the time of birth to desire a life of luxury and excess  outlaw and make criminals of those who choose to live a natural life without excess and force them to send their children to indoctrination School so they can desire the excesses of life so those who have the excesses in life may maintain it.     And the worst part those people's next step will be to euthanize those who do not desire to live in excess the poor the elderly and children born with defects that is your societies next step.        The number of people is not the problem it is the lifestyle that people choose to force everybody to seek that is the problem.    That is the perils of a capitalist society driven by the desire for status wealth  power and a life of comfort in excess..        Until this is realized and we desire for natural life without the excesses desire for status wealth and power our children have no future....
I almost believed this very convincing episode UNTIL I saw that 60 seconds invited fauci to talk. What a scam this turned out to be... Disgusting.
Well they were wrong
People should know what to do to save our planet but our wildlife depends on us to save them and stop taking their land and polluting the oceans. We're causing the fires that's destroying the forrest. The weather is getting colder and hotter. Less rains and more rain at times. Blizzards like in buffalo. It's got where we need to buy land to keep our wildlife from disappearing. Now we have thousands of immigrants coming to our country and where are we going to put them.  Anyone that doesn't believe we are in a troubled world will wake up one day to a dieing planet.
Talk about being late to the party. Was no one at CBS aware of the book literally titled The Sixth Extinction, released almost 9 years ago?
This is so sad
It doesn't take a scientist to know just how bad it is humans are to greedy and many are out of touch with reality.
The fisherman is partly responsible yet he is crying? I'd rather he feel guilty. He was part of the problem.
Paul Ehrlich...  Such quackery and crap.
They also say the population is dropping rapidly. Hummmmm
Let me guess.... another tax!
Removing the offending species, humans, sounds like a good idea. Let's start with billionaires and work our way down.
And still people fluid in to CA over the boarder.
Scientists were right about the vaccines too! LOL
We are having Mass extinction because our stupid government is spraying us all with chemical trails and it's toxic
People are afraid to talk about how many children they have. Perhaps now, they might think a bit about it - coupled with the typical crap that we are all encouraged to buy. We simply have too many people, and that should be evident to a great many people. It makes no sense. We've destroyed millions of acres of habitat in the name of making a dollar, and unfortunately, the U.S. continues this trend in every state. We can do better.
There's a lot of good information here but some of it is erroneous 4 billion people live on about a dollar a day in the third world I know this because I've been there I work as an economist we spend most of our time looking at the problem rather than seeking the solution of course governments will fail because they're not there to change things they're there to keep things the same because of monetaryism and the idealism that they teach us that we all value which probably we should be indifferent too this is not facts that I'm talking about this is just my perspective and my experience everybody has their own truth there is enough food to feed everybody there is enough resources available that we could change things but who's going to activate it the only way to start real change is with yourself hopefully that catches on I don't live in pessimism but I do live in the real world
Now is the time to talk about downsizing the human population, energy use and GDP. Time to rewild whole areas, to decide to abandon whole large areas where humans live and allow them to rewild, a la Pipiyat style. An idea whose time has come.
This was an excellent segment
Brain washing
They've been saying this forever and people still believe every bit of propaganda they create. if you take this seriously You have no idea how many times they've said stuff like this
There's just too many people on the planet. Birthing restrictions need to be put in place globally.
People should read the journal of the expedition of Lewis and Clark to get an idea of the level of abundance at the time.  Endless herds of large fauna roaming the landscape, across thousands of miles of unspoiled wilderness.  That was 220 years ago, a blip in geological time, and now a world that is utterly foreign.
The New weather systems, are going to create the extinction, just look at this lost civilisation, we have lost sight what’s real, money is the illusion
US of A is 5% of the world population but consumes 25% of the resources. therein lies the problem. no US of A no problem.
Maybe if we put the same type of money into our environment that we put into movies we wouldn’t be so bad off
Over consumption is always listed as a cause without binding Waste as a Main Factor. From 5 Star Restaurants to Deli's, Food is being wasted. Employees threaten with firing for Theft if they do not trash good food instead giving it away to homeless or discounting it at closing to employees. If salmon processors can only process 20 tons a day total, there is no need for 10 ships to harvest 3 tons each a day of salmon. When it comes to supply and demand, over harvesting hurts everyone in the End Game, lack of Product.
I would like to say only one thing,everybody is part of this”population bomb”And we have to take it collectively and to make it effective it needs to build awareness of the coming consequences!
Good morning family and good health to everyone. 💯 important and interesting 🤔.
So they blew up the Georgia guide stone in anger I guess because no one listened 🤣... Civilization has risen over and over from extinctions natural earth cycles and soon the human race will be on its way to extinction they also complain of grizzly bears and don't realize they had to get ride of them or sh,her,them would be eaten while on a jog
Please stop losing sleep over the population problem.  Soon there will be Earsplitting TRUMPET sound, and about one tenth of the population will be gone to heaven, forever.
well it's happening everyone i been saying that we are in the end times since 2022 and now that we all entered 2023 we better get prepared cause something is definitely happening this year i just feel it and know it
7 is the lucky number. Let's get it right next round, yea?
just leave it to fauci and gates ,they got this !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So the scientists should be against the vaccines, right? 🤔
Disgusting.   Perhaps humans deserve to lose it all
Lets start with the creators of the clot-shot...
Don't try to stop it, I like it that way , As Putin said "is there can be world without Russia" like that there can't be a world without animals,flowers and fruits and most of people don't like to live in that dystopian world
Every man, women and child on Earth could fit in Los Angeles county.  How are we overpopulated?
Every wooded area from Georgia, Tennessee to Maryland that I lived or visited annually in the 1070-80s are now McMansions and apartments. Looking at google earth is heart wrenching and terrifying. Outside of inhospitable environments, there is almost no place on the planet that is not occupied by humans. If we don't do something about human population, mother nature will.
Jaguars are great. They growl with the best of them, but they are entertainment, not vital for food. Call me when there is a beef cattle shortage.
👍🏽Peace and Civility in 2023!
Possible solution.... birth control?
Like they know anything about 4 billion or 66 m years ago...
New technology comes about ALL the time....In the last 50 years more advances then the last 5000 years....
That's what Covid was for to thin the population but it failed.
Fake News
Maybe we should stop breeding like rabbits.
The truth of the matter is....  The Wealthy are Destroying the Planet with their Greed....
The problem is that when nature stands in the way of something humans want, no consideration is given to what is already there, we run a bulldozer over it instead of taking the time to work around/with what is there
The earth can sustain lot more people, each person alive has 50 Sq miles. Earth is fine, it's the world or air pocket that's gonna die soon. Zech 14:12
No captions
Not as many birds in the sky, no more worms on the ground when it rains.... the results of our civilization are becoming more evident every year. It won't get better because at this point it can't get better. More and more species will go extinct directly because of humans, and at the very end we will face our own extinction.
Something I rarely hear discussed is the destruction illegal cartel pot farms in nation parks and on blm land do to waterways. They dump tons of toxic chemicals in them, damn up water ways and destroy everything that lives in them.
There are thousands of bears living in California.
Next time you travel in an airplane sit in a window seat and look out. Tell me you see an over populated earth.
Chinese are the worst with the trawlers 🤬🤬
Not since the dinosaurs... Since the flood of Noah
I'm in My early 30s been fishing In Southern California for 20+ years my father for 40+ he used to catch buckets of perch when I was young we could still catch a handful now you lucky you catch any.
kris is tan because she is from Nicuruagua
EVERYONE NEEDS TO SHARE THIS
Earth currently experiencing nothing.  There are no surveys of the life of earth to know what their populations are doing beyond large mammals.
#CorporatePollutionIsAvoided#CDOcomeFromStanford #AmericanBioWeaponsinSouthAmerica
What a great confusing propaganda piece that only promotes fear and uncertainty... making simpletons lead to what they want us to accept... control, cause they know what's best for us.   Brilliant.  👏
Global warming?!? White tail deer, the timber wolf, fishers, pine martens, even Canada geese were on the verge of extinction a mere 50 years ago. The Great Lakes were dying. Air quality was horrendous in many of our major cities. At least one river caught fire. The pesticide DDT and lead based gas were very common pollutants in the environment. Today, none of the animals I mentioned are endangered, or even threatened. DDT and lead based gas are mostly gone. (although lead is still used in the fuel of small private planes used by Al Gore, The WEF, The Davos crowd, etc) According to The World Wildlife Federation, "Today, polar bears are among the few large carnivores that are still found in roughly their original habitat and range–and in some places, in roughly their natural numbers."  We still do have serious, unresolved environmental concerns. The most serious of which is "free trade" (NAFTA, etc) causing the elimination of small farms, and their replacement by chemical and fuel intensive, large, corporate farms. Heavy use of glyphosates on corporate farms since NAFTA roughly correspond with the sudden drop in monarch butterfly numbers in the Midwest U.S., for example.
Instead of building around we need to be build up and quit using so much natural resources
Why won’t you interview  #Fauci💉💦💊🥀
We should keep making those mass profits! Mother nature is fine, we on the other hand, we going to die.
I don’t believe in climate change in the fact that it’s 100% mans fault the planet is always changing but the stats about world population growth is evident especially here in North Texas we’re it used to be rural farms and ranches turned into Starbucks and apartments
Ehrlich predicted in his 1968 book ”The Population Bomb” that the 1970’s would be hellish and would require population control measures to fight overpopulation. In 1970, he wrongly predicted that “in 10 years all important animal life in the sea [would] be extinct.”   One year later he made a daring bet that “England [would] not exist in the year 2000.” Ehrlich also predicted that air pollution would claim approximately 200,000 lives in 1973 in “smog disasters” in both New York and Los Angeles.  He went on to predict that between 1980 and 1989, approximately four billion people, including 65 million Americans would die in the “Great Die-Off.” Trust me, this is NOT an expert. Laughable bull crap.
Dinosaur extinction 66Mya? Researchers found collagen in dinosaur fossils, how is it possible?
And at the same time, we have people pushing about low birthrates? I seriously think someone, somewhere really needs to look at this, it cannot be both ways.
It's good that you allow comments already.
Happy New Year 7x17x17=2023 a composite number with prime factors 7 or ending with 7. Number 7 is special in the Bible and in Mathematics. 20/7=2.857142... 23/7=3.285714... repeating decimal period of 6 20/17=1.1764705882352941... 23/17=1.3529411764705882... -> period of 16. Any rational number p/q, where q is prime equal to 7 or q>=17 has a decimal expansion with a period=q-1, other primes 23, 29, 47, 59, 61,97,113,1103, 1229 etc. shows similar result. Hence, any number d, dividing p with quotient containing repeating decimal period d-1 is a prime.
Well, I think my environmental science professor told me this much 30 years ago.  I told everyone that I knew.  I was laughed at.
It really doesn’t take a genius to see that our Planet is in real trouble, and not because of climate change.   Global disasters may be our saving grace.
The solution is indoor, vertical farming. This will reduce the land area needed for deforestation. This will allow more space for wildlife to exist in their own natural habitat.
Dude crying about fish going extinct yet owns 5 boats, it's people like him who have the planet the way it is. Greed. Pure and simple. He doesn't need 5 boats to feed his family. He needs 5 boats to sustain his lifestyle. Greedy pricks.
This is a lie, the world is underpopulated.  These evil globally are causing all of the death
Find your local Land Trust. In the USA, start with the Land Trust Alliance, there you can find your local or regional one.  If you don't have the money to donate to their efforts to conserve the last wild and rural places, donate your time. Every little bit helps!
For many Years doing programs for a sustainable future for generations. Now all i see is the mass as a incredibly destructive Plague.
My small town has been invaded and they cut hundreds of trees down running all the deer and the wildlife from its home to put 1500 square foot homes at 6 ft apart and four on an acre and the governor to the mayor or nothing but greedy people who do nothing for our state but destroy it and I've been screaming this for the last 8 years and maybe just maybe this next generation will be smart enough to clean up our mess ups and yes I'm talking to all of us me included. I pray for a future for my daughter and my granddaughter but I don't see it so why you laying in your wealth God be with them because they're going to need forgiveness for their stupidity including myself.
Yes.  We are undergoing the extinction of the middle class.  This video is so many lies.  Shameless.
"The planet's not goin anywhere. We are!" - George Carlin
9:30 Paging Mackenzie Scott.💰 What’d they call that… having giraffe money? What better way is there to spend all that money than protecting one third of the world.
Cutting trees not replanting
When I watch this guy I remember Mellon Thomas Benedict, whom said he trusted the experts whom turned out to be all wrong. This gentleman scientist more then probably doesn’t even acknowledge anything of the Divine Nature or of the spiritual.
More liberal bull****
World leaders have known about this for decades. People have known about this for decades but keep having babies by the bushel, in addition to overusing the planet's resources. We deserve whatever happens to us. If I believed in a god, I would imagine their utter disgust at what was done with the gifts given to humanity.
I’m all for this. But jaguars and grizzly bears scare me.
Heartbreaking
The usual forces of starvation, disease, and war will result in a population decline as extremes bring on opposite extremes.  It seems that nature's aberration of human intelligence may self-destruct leaving tried and true instinct.
Not "according to"..."because of"..the past two years have proven what "scientists" and "doctors" are all about...$$$
Theyre getting ready to take you people out. This is a rich ruled world. Dont believe everything you hear!
Theres one thing thats never talked about and its our biggest problem and that is overpopulation now the water shortages are going on in alot of places thats just the start soon food shortages will start and more babies are being born everyday earth cannot sustain all of us and the animals and other species anymore humans are at the top of the food chain so other species die off the more people that come into the world means more pollution we are having shortages on everything not because of the ports being backed up its because people are using more and buying more and it doesnt help most people dont work anymore they sit back and wait for their government money so when they dont work they sit back and breed all day long and have baby after baby they have nothing else to do look at our roads you cant move theres so much traffic now by the time we hit 10 billion people we are gonna be doomed i hope im not hear to see it!!
SCIENCE IS WRONG: PLEASE STOP GEO-ENGINEERING IF ANYBODY OUT THERE WANTED TO SAFE THE PLANET.
Cancer will be the death of our race. We will play with radioactive material till it kills us
Pretty scary ngl, the fact humanity has only become more and more selfish
#Lmao
Not a single word about how helpful is veganism?
Please get you heads out of your A$$es, These so call Experts talking about Climate Chance, "BULL". The weather is been manipulated, We have to stop this  Geo engineering, it is killing the planet, the delicate weather cycles are destroyed, is not raining as it use too anymore. Tha Rain is extremely polluted by Metallic Nano-particles.  Everything is Dying. No Rain, No Food.  This is no mystery.
Scared
Sounds like Dana Wilson was part of the problem
God Created us to manage Earth! His creation. Sadly we are doing a bad job. We need to do better!
Man bad…Mother Earth good. Same old saw different day. Reports of the worlds demise tend to be overstated. Has there been miss management? Absolutely. Are we experiencing a mass extinction…dubious with the data available.  Can (must) we do better? Again …absolutely. But this talk of extinction is silly and won’t come from the ways advertised. If you really want to see a mass-extinction event - continue pushing for an expanded war in Ukraine. Just saying.
When the dinosaurs went extinct, it wasnt their fault, i was natural causes. when we go extinct, itll be our own doing.
Its not climate change you idoits.  Corporation,  investment firms, fish and wildlife and government are the cause.
The shows over folks l, enjoy it while you can.   But seriously why don’t fish breed more? I never understood how their is overfishing.
The thing is... people are living longer these days....
All these problems have common denominator's.   Money and Greed.
Capitalism and white supremacy killed the earth
No body is mentioning how Mr Ehrlich’s Population Bomb has been disproven every year. There are several other bets and predictions that Mr Ehrlich has taken up only to be proven false again and again. WTH should anyone listen to this guy? This just goes to show how mouthpieces to an agenda will be lifted up no matter how outrageous or flat out wrong they are.
The year 2100 will be the beginning of the fall of man kind.
This is why I was and am pro-Covid.  We have to many people on this planet.  To many worthless people
It’s not even how selfish and nasty we treat the planet and nature. Humans just keep reproducing as if we need more and more of us. Nope, we have beyond reached our max on this planet. But- most societies STILL pressure all women to have kids, treat them as if they’re not good enough to even exist if we don’t all become mothers. This is what toxic societal norms lead to!
And this is why the sudden death syndrome has been started among mankind. You are the carbon they want to eliminate.
funny read comments answers come to scientist and solutions can be found such as god is in michigan trying to get the aliens to land and the news agency to spread the story about cyborgs and nanorobots and tell the true history of earth.
About 37% bots.
Humans dont deserve earth. We dont deserve anything, humans shouldnt even be allowed to incarnate anymore. Keep the soul in spirit form, its nothing more than an endless lesson and people dont seems to learning it fast enough.  5 demension incarnate.
This show kinda loses credibility for me when they got caught lying a few years ago now it claims wildlife populations have gone down 69% in 50 years there is absolutely no way that's true. Holy crap though that 90 year old is sharp and in good shape for his age.
This world by itself, left alone will never destroy itself. It’s many many selfish human beings that are destroying this world. If we all make even a small change daily, it could literally heal this world.
Elon Musk says this is BS
First of all the world is only 6000 years old, and scientists are not God. Trophy hunting, greed by the wealthy.
Good hopefully the media is part of it
This an old communist narrative and it's consistently debunked over and over again.  They have 80+ years of consistently failed predictions.  The central theme is the "oh my god we can't live this way anymore!"  Still waiting on almost every single on of their predictions to come true.
Survival of the fittest. This is a little dramatic. Ever hear of Charles Darwin?
Well it’s farmed raised fish contracts nationwide to blame multimillion business
Population alarmist were reminded of their juvenile analysis repeatedly starting when it was discovered that the richer a country got, the less offspring they produced. New solutions created by those who don’t exhaust it solely on being alarmed, have been the best way to do anything about the ounces of truth these alarmists have loosely framed up.   To look at population counts without competence of the upper and lower bands over each saeculum is the sugar highly neurotics fail to appreciate.
Going vegan is the biggest thing you can do to help!
Off every economic immigrant, problem solved.
Policy policing pleasing pleasures is now being replaced with energy exercise emotional efforts to save the enormous earthly specie's.  I see it everyday people are moving back with their parents, growing their own foods, recycling and giving up commercial pressures for a cleaner environment. Track on! We will eat wild salmon again.
It's kinda like the psychology behind cigarette smoking. People know its dangerous but they do it because its not really dangerous RIGHT NOW. It's dangerous later. Therefore they can be fulfilled now and not think about the harm they are doing. Still, a lot of smokers try to quit once the harm does start to show up in their life.  I think that's how it will be with this. I don't think there will be any political movement on this unless hundreds of millions of people around the globe are already dying and/or until the loss of life seriously affects the lives of the super rich in an incredibly negative way. Once it becomes financially essential to do something besides go to work everyday then maybe we will. Still, I don't see this as a solvable problem without also experiencing a serious reduction in the human population on earth.   On a more positive note: To think that humans would live forever on this planet based on what we know about life on Earth seems kinda silly anyways. Perhaps we had a natural advantage but, nature didn't fail to install mechanisms of destruction within our blueprints either, so it seems.   At any rate, it was nice knowing y'all. I'm glad I was a human for my time here and not a wooly mammoth. Just 'cuz, you know, the cold (ice age) and also all of the half-naked people trying to run you over cliffs with spears! (A little comedic side note there for those brave enough to read 4 paragraphs!) Best wishes to you all! See you in the next reality!
Well 60 minutes is wrong.
Why do you put it on the common man? It is the reptilian like consumption of government, corporations and profit that tip the scales of our destruction
Pure propaganda
I keep saying the only hope for this planet is for humans to go extinct.  People act like I am some kind of super-pessimistic, bummer who is just angry at the world.   I just see this as the only realistic solution to the world’s problems.  Humanity is like a plague to everything.  The planet, outer space, & all other organisms…we destroy everything.     Not every single individual human is bad but even the best ones have the potential to birth more monsters & there is no way to know ahead of time.  Humanity is the worst.  We need to go.
STOP COPULATING, FORNICATING, & SCRUWING
Nah that bullcrap
Nobody is fishing, farming or doing anything else for the love of the environment nor their fellow mankind. Generating an income of debt based instruments called dollars is all they care about .
So, in 1970, when scammer Paul Erlich's book, "The Population Bomb" was being flogged to high school students, the population of the United States was 205 million. In 2010, the population was listed at 305 million. In 2012, 40 million of that number were foreign born. And who is supposed to feel guilty?  If you feel guilty at being alive however, and are a serious secularist - looking at you first and foremost Scott -  I presume you know what to do about it. I am sure that those who replace you will compost your corpse properly and then erect a monument to the memory of your self-sacrifice. Or you could do as I do and manage your land for improved habitat and maybe even bestir yourself to defend what you have. If you can muster the energy and moral force, that is.
Soylent green. Yummo.
Ever increasing profits fueled by greed were not mentioned and these are the major reasons for our current global disorder of nature. As with the "war" on drugs the real cause of this destruction on humanity are the very rich and the wealthy. Years ago I gave up on my individual effort to preserve nature and my environment rather I will consume whatever I can afford to have a comfortable life. Too many people living with their 30,000 sq. ft. houses, olympic size swimming pools, ten miles to the gallon cars, multiples of them, private planes, oversized boats, wastefully consuming finite resources. Oh no sir, I will not deny myself any creature comforts within my means any more. Until the several millions using resources that could easily serve hundreds of millions are denied that illness we are on the autobahn to extinction. Enjoy the ride.
Cue the robot takeover😢
I’m looking forward to the reset 😅
With the science behind current fertility rates I think you should recheck your hypothesis unless you want all the babies coming from labs😑
I remember when this guy predicted that water would be sold in stores and people laughed—who is laughing now?
Dumbest video saying plants are running out of room.  Take a flight anywhere in the world on any flight path.  Look down.  For 99% of your flight you'll be over plants, trees, or water.  We're not running out of room for trees and plants, YOU just haven't left your city in a long time.
Funny but I just watched another network and they are blaming the government for restrictions and causing the problems by wanting to windmills in the water in the fishing waters of Washington State. I would never trust what 60 minutes spews.
Plenty of space and food available on earth .But the planners donot want a large population
Lol its not a population issue. Its a pollution issue. Everything the Native Americans did was biodegradable. For some reason we produce so much trash and debris with no concern. If everything we did was clean & biodegradable we'd be seeing alot less issues. Theres a solution for everything but the rich dont want that. When covid happened, the world started to heal itself because everyone was at home. We dont need depopulation, we need clean production. Just a thought 🤷‍♂️
well im sure these billionaires flying on private jets to conferences where they talk about fixing it will definitely work.
It's alarming and beyond tragic.  Don't have children.   Switch to a plant-based diet.  Recycle.   We can all do something!
propaganda
Mother earth does have a carrying capacity.
Wow ! Just wow …. This is the stupidest….. this is how Biden got elected we are surrounded by idiots , at least 60% , this is why it takes so long to get home after work,
Should be mandatory For every tree cut down. 3 be planted by those cutting the trees down Fishing For maybe 5-10 years  outlaw all commerical fishing  Only farm raised fish We have a large military Have them patrol our waters for poachers Catch poachers. Sink their crafts.. Hard line... Since we are over populated 1) only tax deductions for 2 children on no welfare for those that can't support their families 2)Stop all people looking to relocate to the United States  Deport all illegal people in the Untied States with their families requardless of where they are born OR Say good by to our planet
So the rich can now only own one house
This is what keeps me up at 2 AM.
not one prediction ehrlich made came to fruition. he was and is a fraud. but a well paid hog at the university trough.
People might actually have to get up and work and provide for themselves. Imagine that.
Most humans are like termites Simple taking more and more Without giving back I'm 71.  I'm building a self sufficient off grid homestead.. So the rest of my life for me  life will be good For the termites.  and their descendants  You get the life you deserve by destroying the earth...
These are the same experts that have been saying for decades that the Earth will suffer catastrophic harm due to global warming? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is why the super rich invest in inhabiting Mars. It’s not even under the radar; the news covers their progress. But it’s under most of our radars. Not a conspiracy theorist but if they’re willing to invest billions it’s not just a rich man’s fancy.
I see it in the City that I live. Over the past ten years that I've been back to care for my Mom there are less and less different species sightings of bird's, bee's, squirrels, dragonflies, frogs and so on. We also see more wild life in the big city now because they are being squeezed out fo their natural habitat. Like deer, coyote, and turkey. It's so sad. What have we done to our beautiful world. Look at the earth from space, at least 70 percent is lit up like a christmas tree. 😢
Wake up fools. This be a scam.
We really shouldn’t need experts or scientists to understand the problem. The capitalist system and society we have built and cherish rewards pure waste….so long as it adds to “economic growth”. Landfills in the US at least are full of nearly brand new materials, also known as resources. How long can we expect to be so wasteful on a planet with finite resources?
So instead of critiquing Capitalism, it opens up with some Neo-malthusian commentary. This is disgusting
Pure propaganda
What a dismal view! The overpopulationists of the 70's and their predictions were grossly wrong, and they will be proven wrong again. I encourage any intellectually honest person to review these past predictions and compare with the actual results. Anyone without at least a little professional skepticism of the religion of "climate change/overpopulation" is not an independent critical thinker. Should we not at least be a little skeptical of the politics and potential for monetary corruption behind this? Just knowing how research grants are awarded should raise everyone's eyebrows. How about the plethora of failed prophecies of impending doom? I think it is grossly reckless to continue to preach this doom and gloom when we will adapt and overcome. We will overcome climate change. See Bjorn Longborn for some intellectually honest views and many responsible steps we should be adopting before adopting such drastic and unrealistic measures that will cause famines and state failures. We should not be scarring our children into hopelessness and depression!
It's truly unbelievable that we r literally killing r selves and most r either to greedy or to uneducated to see it😪🙏🏻✊🏻
It's definitely happening in the plant kingdom as well as animal. When I go into the woods near where I live the understood is almost all invasive honeysuckle, tree of heaven, and other invasive. Native species are by far the minority. It would be interesting to see what new species evolve after humans go through their own evolutionary bottleneck or perhaps even extinction.
We are setting ourselves up for a drastically different world, sooner than we'd imagine. The current, thin veneer of civilization will disappear and it will be the law of the jungle. Some think "that's what it is now," but just wait until large masses of people can no longer find food or water for their families, or protection from the ubiquitous violence of those taking whatever they can from whomever they can. It's going to get ugly as resources disappear.
Such BS !
Chem trails? Who is behind that? Aluminum particles. You know who you are with your govt non disclosure form. We know who you are.
Greed is the cause of the problem!!!! Man kind Greed for money!!!
Remember this is what the Bible said we are in our last days Jesus is on his way an the Grovement knows it that’s why they try to bring Cov 19 to stop 🛑 things
There is only one course correction left to us as a modern civilization, and it is so far outside the collective narrative so as not to exist at all. Hint: Scientist report... to whom?.. and to what effect? To air it as a 60 Minute Special? To have it as today's YouTube topic and comments thread? To show a token effort made by the token generosity of a few millionaires? Why not pay criminals not to commit crimes?  I could say more, but the level of imagination, curiosity, creativity, and impactful investment is already in mass decline.
At the end of every Ice Age there was a warming phase, then a mass extinction. We are currently in a Ice Age experiencing the beginning of a warming phase. I wonder if there was a declining common sense stage before the other 5 mass extinctions?
Eat scientifically food and whole foods, purify water, make everything from garbage, repurposing, etc
This is all globalist propaganda. The Bible says be fruitful and multiply. This propaganda is the setup for the promotion of assisted suicide and one-child policy
in a discussion of 'over-population' it should be acknowledged that birth rates are Down, in the more-developed countries.
Government has told you the problem. Its you, you have to go! And they will come up with  a carbon tax for your existence on the way out.
Blame your ultra rich buddies hoarding and destroying the environment. But the wind will make them all bow.
Because humans are fu*king greedy we can’t just have one thing we must have all of it, we’re going to destroy our children and grandchildren’s future
Humans will be extinct soon enough and it'll be like we were never here
information/rebuttal       4:54   SEVENTY  percent of  land...    that is a blatant error/exaggeration.          in most countries, human habitation occupies only a small percentage of the (non-food-producing) land. instead of perpetuating the myth that air pollution is a primary driver of global climate change, sixty minutes should step into the twentieth century and report on the actual drivers of climate change. eg., the reducing strength of earth's  magnetosphere, and the coincident affects on the planetary climate of solar and extra-solar cycles/influences.        googletranslate
Time to breakout the Soilent Green.
Hahaha never!!!! Listen to Elon musk about it!! We are severely under populated!!
Quite frankly don't fall for this crap that these Democrats trying to push on you massive Extinction we're not dying off nor is the planet in a climate crisis you got to realize who the sources are and who's it's coming from damn Democrats that don't want us to have any babies they don't want us to have any freedoms and they definitely don't want you to have free speech in America
Another failure by the almighty creator.
Total bs, water as fuel is suppressed, chemtrails are dumped by millions of pounds, wifi microwaves are toxic, brineless desalination exist to process millions of gallons per day, solutions are here, its the WEF MEMBERS THAT ARE SCREWING EVERYONE. The problem is greed, control, and stupidity like this show pushing stupidity instead of solutions.
We have been horrible, irresponsible  stewards of our Earth
Everything happening today is Falling into Place as it is described in the Book Of Revelations.  God Bless ALL!!!
Does anyone remember the movie "Soylent Green?" In that movie, the same thing had already happened, and only humans were left on this planet for the most part. We are fast approaching this. "Soylent Green is people!!" When in Edward G. Robinson committed suicide in the movie,  Ironically, his last film appearance, his character was shown what the Earth once looked like with all of its natural beauty and all its animals. We are soon to only see  that on video ourselves.
Planting more trees should help. Also a moratorium on fishing may help salmon rebound. I've read but I'm not sure if it's true that vegans get less cancer.
American and European consumption per capita is way way higher than the rest of the population, so far. As pointed out, if even a smaller portion of the population from underdeveloped countries start to consume like the West, the earth is done for. Earth can also feed more of the population in a sustainable way if the diet is shifted to a more plant based diet. Earth undergoes natural climatic change but accelerated by wasteful consumption by us humans.
Ok,here goes my thoughts. If you can please tell us, the common person: how can we help? Can we invest in fish hatcheries? I know to consume less & recycle. It isn't enough. Help us learn how to help.
Hmmm, I wonder what people did to try and change things for the other 5 mass extinctions? You’d think that after 5, human beings would’ve figured out to do things differently to stop these mass extinctions. Oh wait, people weren’t on this planet during all of them. It’s almost as if it’s the Earth’s way of just recycling itself, before the next  natural cycle. Yet people (for some odd strange reason), get paid alot of money to research the ways that we could’ve prevented it from happening AGAIN. But what’s even more strange, is there’s people that actually believe those things would’ve worked!! I swear that if there’s Aliens out there, that every time the thought of coming to this planet comes up, there’s that one Alien that smacks them on the back of the head and says “Nope, there’s no intelligent life there during this cycle, we’ll skip the 5th one and go back on the 6th one”.
Individuals need to stop having kids. Majority of the Individuals can't raise their kids anyways.
Seems like these wackos live forever.
Go vegan. Live small. Grow a garden, recycle,shop at thrift stores for everything. Turn the lights off. Travel and work close to home. Compost. Shower less. Wear clothes several times before washing. Pray.
Everyone needs to stop working out and eating all the protein
OVERPOPULATION IS KILLING ALL OF US WE DON'T HAVE 50 YEARS LEFT WE PROBABLY DON'T HAVE 25 YEARS
If you go out in the desert you don't see Lizards Bobcat Coyote or even an ant anymore and even the plants are dying because the water table has dropped so much in the past 60 years.
The beginning of the end of the entire west coast salmon fishing of the USA started over 100 years ago when they put dams on every river they possibly could. It's only been exacerbated by the pilfering of fish by foreign fishing fleets using drag nets and killing off the eco-system. The Somali Pirates only began attacking passing ships after foreign fishing fleets depleted their waters of fish, taking away their ability to work and feed their families.
We are destroying ourselves. Probably the best thing to happen to Earth is to rid itself of human beings. She will regenerate after we are all dirt. Mother Earth will be better off without us. She will happily say, "Good riddance."
2 kids only rule. birmingham uk wont be happy
🤣😂🤣😂Bahahaha...Wackos 🤣😂🤣🤪🤪🤪🥴🥴🥴🤯🤯🤯
7 if you include us humans and the WEF and our governments get their way
Keep voting Republican people, they’ll fix everything 😂
Just like the current administration, no mention of God. He created this planet and it will be here until he says otherwise.
It's hard to take a show seriously,who is a mouth piece for socialism and globalist and proud sponsor for the degenerate regime in the United States showing corruption and lies out in the open on a daily basis.
The World Economic Forum has an over population solution plan that no one voted for. "You will own nothing and be happy". As they close the farms, the starvation will begin the final solution.  They plan to cull the herd of humanity. They need to be stopped. We do not need an unnatural disaster in the guise of a natural disaster.  This plan is taking place all over the world. The free people of the world must re-discover the pioneering spirit and live to build the positive future of the world. Let the extinction be their own.
no one lives in the sea 🤷????
Blame it in the Mexican ladies that can’t keep their legs freakn closed  and the free food , money  ,!rent , and housing from the government for each child made.
Welp, time to get the tubes tied!
Humans have to die very soon 🧐 is what I take from this billions of them. Now everything is starting to make sense
One kid policy should be universal .
Fun fact 99% of most species that evolved on this planet have gone extinct. Buckle up it will get worse
Don't worry everyone will have to be vegans because there's not going to be anything left to eat.
I guess this goes along with BG's 2025 pandemic, because he just said the way THEY both live...the book of Daniel spells it out clearly...you can figure out the rest...just sayin'
Reminds me of that one quote from Interstellar
🎥🎄🎥💯💯🛹
We live in an intelligent society. By the time civilization is declining enough from this crisis, countries will be going to war to gain more power and reduce the population in their favor. There will be less democracy and international relations
Thank Charles Koch and Wall Street who have done this! They finance the fascist oligarchy greed with corrupt politicians like trump and Bolsanaro Fascist that Destroy our planet with their real estate developers destroying the Amazon and allowed to bribe commissions.
Maybe that’s why Mother Nature made Covid but Mother Nature needs to target the rich  They’re in power
This man has been disproven many, many times.
Well stupid liberal president should stop sending money to Ukraine and use for vets and some sprinkles for this .
Well, we had a good run on this planet.
Can the govt stop spraying chemtrails plz? The earth would appreciate it
Could it have anything to do with a nuclear plant leaking in the sea since 2010... from Japan?  And no one has done a damn thing...  it isn't people it'stoo many wasteful  big corporations
Some of the extinction is being engineered by governments killing off people is not the answer but the Eugenist will never admit that is so.
the Earth cannot sustain 8 billion people….. we have to cap the human population. It should be a priority for all politicians and people. You just can’t have 11 kids anymore…. The animals live here too……Without animals on this planet, we wouldn’t have a soul
Lies
So, I am curious, how does massive agra businesses thar deplete soil, create unnatural conditions utterly lacking in biodiversity, and dump massive amounts of poison- aka pesticides-into our air, soil and water,  contribute  this problem  as opposed to, say, the beautiful gift of human life?
Im scared
I was born in 1976 and the changes I have witnessed in this life are incredible. Human do play a large role in what's happening but it's not so much population in my opinion, as it is the progression of Industry & Technology. The start of all of this pollution came from the Industrial age and the air, land, & waters became contaminated. In simpler times when humans lived more naturally we didn't have these problems, but as we started demanding comforts & conveniences the innovation took a toll on the planet. We need to work harder at saving our bees because without them it's over for us and I haven't seen but a handful in the last couple years.. they are vanishing at an alarming rate.
Hasn't the Anthropocene Extinction been public knowledge for decades?
I’m a commercial salmon fisherman from Alaska. Been fishing for 35 years now and unfortunately we can see it falling apart up here too. We are definitely racing towards something nasty
Eh, it's always the end of the world. if you're depressed, you believe it. if you're happy, you don't.   but whoever's pushing the fear will always profit and control you
Ya, just like there's a climate change crisis.
60 Minutes lost credibility in '86.
Water is finite.  I think every time someone is born, there is less water in the world.
Buy quality, things that will last you many years.
THANK YOU.
1970 The Ice Age; 1980 The ozone layer; 1990 oil reserves depletion; 2000 global warming....extinction is imminent. The world needs more experts....solution: throw ur tv in the trash, read books, eat healthy, get in touch with nature & animals, live a life
yes! we showed that stupid planet whose boss!
The same people that say there are too many humans on the planet are the same people that are trying to inject everyone with expirimental drugs in order to save all the humans on the planet 🤔
Guess all the bird's came to my house
I don’t believe any of this , I blame our corrupt politicians!!!
1 of the biggest down falls of the planet is mans greed for wealth.. Not all man but it don't take a lot to do large scale destructions to the well being of the planet..
lets all die together
Capitalism is the problem.
My kids refuse to acknowledge global warming, my Grandkids will suffer for their ignorance.
Whelp, I’m gonna go listen to REM on repeat…..
Man is too greedy to ever truly change. Humanity is doomed. Hopefully the planet recovers once we are gone.
None of the past 5 extinctions were stopped, and this 6th one will not be stopped either!    Otherwise, the earth won't be able to fix itself!  Any attempted intervention to the mass extinction will be a disaster worst than the extinction!  And what will be done when the 7th mass extinction comes?  Nothing... nature will take its course, plain and simple!
Another propaganda video from the wolves to the sheep…
What can each person do, individually?
You mean it's not the human race??  I thought that was the plan.
I knew this since I was in 2nd grade I'm 23 now guys
The clock hit zero lol time to go ti plan B the nukes are coming WW3 is right around the corner, sad to see it
Will doing anything about it cut into my excess calorie intake of saturated fat and sugar?    Or my love of morbidly obese orange malignant narcissists who shares all my same hatreds?  Then no, I'm not interested in doing it.
This is very true thank you the way they're building in Florida they're Wildlife is coming into the city great video
Sorry people, but this fear-mongering, anti-capitalism reporting smacks of being a setup for the next big “existential” crisis.  The comment section reads like a Facebook dating group for former Green Peace activists and retired antifa employees.  The sanctimony, the self-loathing and the anti-human sentiment are truly disturbing.  Expect more of the same in the near future from Bill Gates, the WEF, the Squad and every other evil globalist, socialist and population control freak out there - none of whom care about you, your family, your friends and neighbors, or your freedom.
Buuuulllllsssshhhheeeetttt!!! God told us to reproduce and occupy the earth! He appointed us the stewards of the planet! And if these super rich billionaires that run the world( ( Atleast financially!) That fly around in theyre jumbo jets yet tell us not to drive little cars becouse of co levels!are so concerned ! Instead of trying to depopulate us! Start with  themselves!
it's so bizarre how all these "experts," all these highly educated people can sit there and say overpopulation is the problem, as if every human being around the world lives exactly the same. as if it's not a very specific, relatively new way of living. the hundreds of Indigenous nations in the Amazon and the thousands of other Indigenous nations still holding to their old ways around the world don't live the same way as those scientists in california. they do not have the same impact on the planet and the life it sustains. it's quite frankly evil that they sit here and tell everyone that this is just "humanity's fault," and not one (albeit large) group of people ruining it all for everyone else. i'm of course included in that group, my life until this point has been built on deforestation, mining, the turning of living beings into "resources" to be extracted and exploited. but i'm changing as much as i can, and i know many others are too. im growing all of my own food, most of it native to the place i live, im in community with the Indigenous people whose land i live on, im convincing neighbors to grow their own food and medicines and to stop destroying the life around us like their lawns, i dont buy anything new, i wont ever buy new electronics or a new car, etc. im not saying everyone has to do exactly as i am, but if we just took a step back and thought about the consequences of our actions instead of thinking everything appears on the store shelf and didnt come from somewhere.....
Well when they start building cars that we used to have and efficient ones from other countries,,,then try to remove as many cars by reconstructing infrastructure.....in a nut shell THERE IS NO TRUTH WITH A MONETARY OUTCOME. Man has a brain that has Ego out of control.
Fake news
If you people don't see what there doing you need help
We are smart smart smart....look at the education budget!!!!!!.......MASS communication to work together, join forces.....used to brainwash for evil money instead for the Ego of Man.
Absolutely...not enough resources for all of earth's inhabitants.  We past the tipping point sometime ago. 🙏😪
And you buy that I have some ocean front property for sale in Arizona.
I'm still not eating the bugs they want us to eat. I become vegetarian first.
Edit:  please stop hijacking my comment to suit your narrative, make your own comment for that. my dad watches this show religiously. I was there last night at their house and watched him skip over this section (he never skips anything), which leads me to believe most people his age don't care about this, which is unfortunate since so many people his age are still in positions of power. This is cynical, I know, and I would hope there are people out who do care, but it just makes me sad :( Anyway I had to come find this section to see the rest they were talking about.
Let’s demand this change now!!! Please share this video
If my Grandmother had been born with wheels, She would have been a bike.
8 billion people standing shoulder to shoulder would only cover about 625 square miles. About and area 25 by 25 miles square miles..Not much area.
🙏 Hello my friends I have videos for you on bible prophecy and the end times. Please go to Papa Joe Fortner or shockwaves of the end times or The watchmen series with papa joe. Thank you and God bless you 🙏
Forced inefficient to support mans Ego
#savetheearthreducechildbirth
Narrator: "... the abundance of global wildlife has collapsed SIXTY. NINE. PERCENT. "  Me: *sheds tear* "Nice... 😞😣😖"
first they say births have been the lowest its ever been now they're saying theres too many people. That moment where more than half the population is in asia
Lol first off  an extinction is an occurrence  that happens no matter how advanced a civilization becomes humans aren't special
"The kings of the earth waxed rich".  There is an asteroid named Apophis suggested if will hit earth in April 2029.  Somewhere in the bible.
Leave it to 60 minutes to bring us all doom and gloom to sell ads.
Come on asteroid!
So whose fault is it? In the U.S. birth rates among Caucasians have fallen. China; until recently; had a one child per couple limit. Birth rates in Japan have fallen. Many young people from developed countries have decided against having children, either because of facts like these, or because the cost of living is so high, they can't afford to have or care for a child. So, I repeat, whose fault is it? I feel like these kind of reports are meant to make Americans feel guilty, when plainly it is our political leaders and corporate greed that needs to be changed. Anywhere you drive, you see land being cleared and new business offices going up. Today, I drove past a new medical complex going up, just so a medical office that's less than a block away, can have a new building. Why can't they make the changes necessary to use the existing building? A building that will probably stand empty, once they've moved.
Wait what -
LOL start off the year with more fear propaganda. Beautiful xD
Lies...
Could it be natural selection maybe this is the strongest species is dominating
Stop it, quit the bull sht agenda, we are fine, its greed.
In Ilinois almost all of are old tallgrass prairies are gone and now in the past few years teasals have been taking over the prairies. These invasive plants are spreading very fast in are beautiful prairies.
No surprise as this is all Biblical.
We have always had doomsday scenarios ever since we've had "experts" and elites. Stop worrying and be responsible about your usage of resources. We will be fine.
😢
It was global cooling in the 70’s-80’s, then it was global warming for about 20 years, then it’s climate change and now we’re all gonna die cuz mass extinction..  Main stream science can’t even make a real vaccine.. I wouldn’t trust them to wash my car..
Propoganda
This is such bogus information…only ppl still buying this “over population” business are actually ANTISCIENCE
No one cares major news outlet
We are all on the Titanic and the Republicans are shuffling the deck chairs to try and keep us afloat. This was NOTT the time to begin arguing about abortion again. I don't care how many Roman Catholics former President Blowhard was able to pack SCOTUS with. Our politicians also need to stop supporting third world countries that are  doing nothing to reign in exploding population increases. Encouraging poor people to continue having children they can not afford to support will be our undoing. WRZ 2023-01-02
STOP THESE ELITES FROM THEIR GREED, AND PUSH TECHNOLOGY. WE HAVE CARBURETOR’S THAT GET 100’s of miles to the gallon. we have technology that will turn salt water into fresh drinking water. We have the technology to allow light bulbs to burn for years. The polar ice caps are actually getting bigger. Look it up. THERE IS NO MONEY IN RESOURCEFUL TECHNOLOGY TO THESE GREEDY ASSHATS
Want to slow down population and increase market profits , bring back smoking
We will be the reason human beings become extinct
Enjoy it while you can. We are doomed, and our collapse is eminent!
Germany is doing it right . In Germany their Malls are thriving because you can still smoke indoors
Cbs and it's reliable sources like Paul erhlich...paid to be wrong about everything!!
It’s our fault for allowing these governments, corporations, big factories to destroy nature now we are starting to see the effects of these pilgrims always destroying
It’s our fault for allowing these governments, corporations, big factories to destroy nature now we are starting to see the effects of these pilgrims always destroying
It's because of our diets and pollution but not over population or there wouldn't be federal and state parks all over the nation and in fact worldwide.
There needs to be more tobacco because they're turning tobacco fields into buildings and houses
Wonder why Malthusian Eugenicists never start with themselves?
There needs to be more tobacco in the air
60 Minutes is this the same program that didn't believe Donald Trump and that they were spying on his campaign yeah I thought so sorry that I even stepped in here for just a second you guys are nothing but garbage
You Worldly People have never "READ" the Bible Apparently and it is APPARENT due to they way you People believe what you see and hear. God owns and Controls everything and this is what God says. Philippians 4:19  King James Version 19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus. Philippians 4:19  King James Version  19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.  Philippians 4:19  King James Version  19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.  Philippians 4:19  King James Version  19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.  Philippians 4:19  King James Version  19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.  Philippians 4:19  King James Version  19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.  Philippians 4:19  King James Version  19 But my God shall supply all your need according to his riches in glory by Christ Jesus.
It means they are going to start a bigger pandemic
Smh
We need to loose at least half the population if the ecosystem that sustains all life is to survive. It's hard to fight the greedy globalists, though, who profit by the continuous development. If people think it's bad now, wait until we have to provide for the millions we keep adding to the population.
Maybe we should turn the food industry into a public good instead of a fire profit industry
Maybe we should change our diet and eating habits
For the algorithm
If the Elites hadn't raped our planet, And lied about everything,..mismanaged, greedy Elites...Thank God we will see evolution take place
Mass extinction, or growth? What's the solution?
Live in your pod and eat the bugs
Misleading...as usual. How about an honest report on the massive Geoengineering taking place that is behind so much of this and causing so much damage ? No? Didn't think so. See video The Dimming, Dane Wigington (great expert), Weather Warfare, Owning the Weather, Operation Popeye, High Altitude Aerosol Injection, Solar Mitigation Strategies, Ben Livingston (considered the father of Geoengineering), multiple technology patents on the systems used, US Dept of Energy (issues the $5billion+ contracts to companies like Raytheon, Lockheed Martin, etc), Ionosphere Heating,  on and on and on.
if we can spend trillions on wars, then we can we spend trillions to stop burning fossil fuels and cutting down forests!!
And now here they come pouring across the southern border…
Sad but I have seen it in my lifetime
We are a self-prescribed species. We prescribe what is good for us regardless of its effect on the local or planetary environment. The estimated biomass of the planet is 36% humans, 60% domestic livestock, and 4% natural species. The industrial/scientific narrative we bought into 200 years ago has brought us here. Convenience and consumption have overwhelmed nearly every natural relationship on Earth. I remember driving Highway 20 at midnight through northern Nebraska in 1978. The insect populations appeared like a blizzard in the headlights. I drove that same road 5 years ago and there was hardly a drizzle of insect life to be seen. I have to laugh when I hear the farming community referring to themselves as the stewards of the land. That is simply not the case.
Perhaps it's time for Earth to shake violently so the human parasites would get off?
Water issues in California are caused by high water use by desert farms..  grow food where the water is.. lol
This is end times stuff. It's so important that you come to Jesus(God's Son)now, believe and repent. The stage is being set for the antichrist to come in and fix everything. The kingdom of God is at hand. He who hears my word and believes in him who sent me will have eternal life.John5:24. Love y'all
The government has 0.energy they choose to let this happen, if they would just release the secret technology to us it would save the planet. Extraterrestrials have offered help and our government has constantly refused it so let's all die from stupidity.
I feel like humans have had their own "canaries in the coal mine", myself included as I have spent all of my adult life working and studying in the environmental field. I am so sad to see everything happening that has been discussed in the background for many decades. It's long time to stop allowing corporations lead this "ship" it's insane that as a species, we've allowed the corporations and most corrupt among us to literally destroy almost everything we've ever known.
It seems the insects and birds are disappeared when the planes increased the spraying of who knows what
Environmentalists like me created the first Earth Day 50 yrs ago. We heard Paul Erich and other caring souls loud and clear.Then we watched greed and hubris destroy the message. George Carlin had the perfect epitaph: (paraphrasing here) "Save the planet? Mother Nature is gonna shake us off like a bad case of fleas, and the planet will be just fine once we are gone". Too bad so many millions of innocents will suffer in the process, tho.
Habitat destruction, warming, and pollution has marginalized wild animals.
LIES. PROPAGANDA.
THE CATHLOIC CHURCH IS TO BLAME, WANTING EACH FEMALE CHILD TO HAVE 8 KIDS, AND TO SEND MONEY TO THE CHURCH
Rich people are our last hope. We’re doomed.
Nature has laws. We will suffer greatly for breaking them.
This is anti-human, eugenicist, horseshit propaganda.
This is not news. It's been obvious for at least 20-30 years. The question is: what are we going to do about it? That would be news.
Fake news. Trump say's the animals are fine.
We all hav r personal mass extinction.im heading toward mine. Bible GOD b fruitful and multiply..
Ok, stop talking about what's going on and what you have seen. We hear that all the time! And the government saying that there is climate change. Why don't we talk about ideas that will help the earth? Electric cars didn't start to pop up till Elon came out with electric cars and now the US government and others are on the race to build electric cars. Multi-billion dollar companies that are responsible for damaging the earth and they do nothing to fix it.
What is sad is how wrong the scientists are.  Just like the scientists that created the covid pandemic projections.
And? We'll be fine
60 minutes is A JOKE
A real global pandemic would be a blessing, knocking global population to around 100-500 million would be idea
Humanity with all its knowledge isn’t smart enough to take mother nature’s hints on the ultimate demise of human life on the only planet we know and will ever know
read the news...the world leaders didnt do anything but talk 40 yrs ago and now they still will only talk...WE ARE DONE....nobody is going back to the horse and buggy days..americans will NOT give up airplanes,,cars,,air conditioners..video games..and high meat diets....nobody will do anything until the first billion people starve and die...then they will be afraid and want to do something..its too late now and then it will really be too late
The interviewer asked the Indian fisherman about the end of salmon fishing: “Why are you so emotionally attached to this?” He has never caught a salmon or steelhead! I was totally shocked by such a ?????!!
This fraud has been wrong for 50 years yet you still give him a forum. Be better.
I'm sure these predictions will be just as accurate as the ones from the past.
Well when you have big corporations dumping all over the world, this is what you get. Got to love capitalism.
Certainly noticed not as many midgies last year in Scotland
What is going on around the world with the animals not just the animals the weather it's all in the greatest history book which is the greatest future book The Holy Bible. Not whatever other religion the Christian religion that is why people keep talking bad about Christians read the book Ezekiel read enough if you're allowed read the greatest history book which is the greatest future book history is repeating itself and nobody oh scientists scientists that they are not God God is warned us about what is going on the Antichrist is here are you guys blind to that too you need to open your eyes and not keep them Wide Shut I hope people repent dear Lord is doing his last cause I will pray for the world
I’m almost 70 and have been complaining to fishing friends for the past 30 years that salmon and steelhead were disappearing. People thought I was crazy. Unfortunately I was not. They are pretty much GONE!!
99% of everything that has ever lived on the planet has gone extinct. The only way to not go extinct ourselves is to maintain a stable population with nature. The earth will survive we wont and the next great species will inherit the planet and so on and so forth.
We're done for. We will not change our consumption of resources. Why? Because decisions to take effective action are left to politicians, who do not wish to become unpopular with voters. So we all die ... greedy.
Odd how the narrator mentioned human suffering ahead of everyone else.
Anyone who ever voted for a Republican is at fault
The question is why is this news. In the billion year history of the earth these mass extinctions are periodic and one day we will be part of this cycle as well. Maybe the only difference is we have just enough intelligence to understand the cycles but not intelligent enough to stop it
That salmon fisherman BROUGHT ABOUT HIS OWN DESTRUCTION. He could have been saying over the last 20, 30, 50 years "hang on guys, we are catching too much". But no. The more he caught, the more money he made. He is part of the problem -- the commercialisation of nature.
Don’t worry Biden has decided to stop us from destroying the eco system so China can profit more by killing the eco system
Simple solution folks. Go vegan.
Fukushima sure didn't help the Pacific did it?
Conservatives crying fake news everywhere.
Environmentalist NUTJOBS
California has NEVER HAD ADEQUATE WATER.  listen to what they say, it's complete garbage
They have been saying this crap since the late 1960's.  And none of it has ever came true. These people are full of CRAP
Thanos was right
BS
WHAT A LIE. YOU PEOPLE ARE LAIRS
No problem, the clot shot will eliminate a lot of the problems.
Human extinction would be good for the world we polluted and destroyed. We can't respect ourselves, let alone other creatures and our planet.
More fear mongering from the lefties.
"There's no political will."   Or do we mean there's no corporate will ?  Or no capitalist will ?
What a load of sheepdip. Hard to believe there are people that believe this bunk and 60 minutes keeps piling it on. Wow
I have seen this happening since I was old enough to recognize and sort of understand it. At about 15 years old, in 1976. I studied biology in college, but that was 40 years ago. As a person who hunted and fished, I could watch it happening. Now, I see the species that lived around my own house disappearing. Common House Sparrows, Dragonflies, Coyotes, Hawks. This all seems to have speeded up lately, there is less open and dairy land. Replaced by housing. And when I go fish in the ocean, species that used to be caught offshore, have moved hundreds of miles North. The Anchovies and Albacore are mostly gone. They still catch Albacore 800 miles North. I haven't seen any caught here off Southern California, since 2010. This, I'm sure is because of the climate change. It is terrifying, because I never thought I would see this much change in nature, in my lifetime. I am 61, with a 6 year old Granddaughter. What will her life be like? I worry, and I feel as sad as Armando, near the end of the video.
I give the human race another 15 years
Don't Look Up.
That’s when Gmo foods will start to be massed produce on a whole different level
Will YouTube be taking this down for misinformation? Lies
it's so sad how we fail. If any intelligent life form ever comes across who we were  and what we were like? I think they be glad we are Gone.
"..and after the cancer is gone, the Earth will sleep in her peaceful darkness until the light finds Her once more."
Yeah scientists, cooperates and gov are killing people. Duh
So The people who said this in the seventies were completely wrong but now we need to believe them??? I grew up un Florida where in the 80's alligators and Redfish were endangered, Now they are bountiful. Alligators are actually becoming a dangerous nuisance. I can honestly say I don't know of one animal in Florida that has gone extinct in the last 50 years.
why don't these doomsayers just off themselves instead of publishing stuff that says everyone else needs to die. They prove their sociopathy
someone else do it
Lies
What they don’t tell you is 70% of the food they don’t sell goes to waste. 😢
WHY DONT WE DO SOMETHING? WE ARE KILLING LIFE ON EARTH! WE ARE VIRUS!
I think the decrease of the salmon population has to partly do with the GMO salmon or is it called salmon bass or Bass salmon 🤷🏼‍♂️
buckle up buckaroos
AND WE KEEP BURNING FOSSIL FUELS! WE DESERVE SUFFERING AND EXTINCTION FOR OUR SLOTH!
😱Humans are careless.👎🏼
some video on you tube had a trucker commenting that out west, the truck stops had people that cleaned the trucks windshields because off all the bugs. no more windshield cleaners any more. dont need em. hardly any bugs.
Here's one possible solution: give the power back to indigenous people. They're the ones on the front lines in defending wildlife and wilderness from destruction.
I was talking to my mother last night about growing up in the 80's and walking in the yard and grasshoppers would just jump in bunches with every step. At night fireflies would light up the yard flying and we'd watch them like magic. I haven't seen a grasshopper or firefly in decades. Something so common that made life feel alive as a kid is just gone.
Malthusian nonsense. Malthuse has been wrong for 200 years and so are these guys.
Over consumption. How much stuff and how many new things do we need? Paper towels can be replaced with cloth towels, but it’s never gonna happen! I wouldn’t doubt a mass depopulation plan going into action eventually in my lifetime.
Humans greed will be their downfall.
I see a devils advocate in the new species being found and made….
It sounds like biodiversity today means far fewer humans.  Perhaps it's not surprising that human political systems are not prepared to deal with that reality.
Some of you folks need to get out more!   These purveyors of doom have been singing this song for Decades .... you can't find the true science ... it has been buried!   Mankind is infatuated with the importance of Mankind ... and these scientists find short term evidence to convince you the end is near.   Everything in nature moves in cycles ... and we are here to observe only "seconds" of the history of these cycles.  Try not to be fooled.  Take care of what you have, nature (aka GOD) will take care of the rest!
I’m sure overfishing and greed had nothing to do with the missing salmon 🐟
This is All BS supported by the WEF that want you to own nothing and be happy. They paid for this crap.
Man I wish I look that good at 90
How about the next Covid type crisis we just let nature take its course?
Vaccines
So, if this has happened five times before, why are we surprised? It's what Earth does. I guess folks are in need of something to talk about (sell newspapers, books, make "documentaries," research, pretend to be upset, etc). OK, I get it.
All the people in this video use twice the energy as the average person...yet they have the solution....lol
So... do we need a Final Solution?? Which poor nation should be dust crop with Anthrax and free up the land !!!
Assuming that “air conditioning” and people that have it are the ones living a good life is partly how we got here. Educate yourself socially before you go out to educate others about science
Yet people won't stop breeding.
The middle class and the poor are responsible for this. The upper class and the wealthy are being punished for the lower classes greed.
How could i beljeve any of this after you falsely reported on trump, hunter biden, covid etc....
Overpopulation and global warming are myths. Mother Earth can destroy everything that mankind has created in the blink of an eye erasing all of our existences here on this planet. The number one threat to human life and to every animal on this planet are billionaires. Eliminate the wealth and spread it to everyone there's plenty to go around. The Earth can sustain far more people but you are not using the land and resources that you were given properly. The Earth's axis are programmed to rotate 360° in a 24-hour period of time every 12,500 years. This cleansing of the Earth destroys everything on the surface of the planet. The inner core of the Earth is a hollowed out tube that goes all the way through the Earth which does not get affected by these rotational disasters. You can enter the Earth at each end. The inner makeup of the planet is completely honeycombed out. All planets throughout our entire cosmos are created this way. Create anti-gravity spacecraft and you will be able to lift off the surface and ride out the storm. The ancients left us the secrets of antigravity. They all had the technology.
My daughter has been riding in a semi truck going from South Carolina to California. She says anyone who says we don't have enough land is wrong. She's seen miles upon miles of empty land. I'm going to ask her about the wildlife.
The only mass extinction will come from Nuclear war which world leaders don’t mind causing if it benefits their own selfish interest
more absurd unsubstantiated sky is falling dribble. These hypocrites peddle their poison because its reinforces their own self hatred and contempt for humanity. Congratulations
"Humans taken over 70% of the plants land" 🤣  Such false reporting!!!!!!
We are by far the worst species on the planet. Ain't even close. We don't even like ourselves.
The single best thing the average person can do for the environment…is to NOT procreate.
This interviewer knows that Paul Erlich caused a big commotion in the 70’s proclaiming global COOLING, but for some reason gave him a pass…
We use to have frogs and newts in the NW. Haven't seen any for years
Who cares? At least the policy/ lawmakers are getting filthy rich, the rest of us be damned! Unbelievably devastating.
And the tons of nuclear waste that Fukushima is pumping into our ocean isn’t contributing to fish loss? Fukushima just dumped 1,000’s of gallons this week, it was announced. Or the bomb testing our government does out in the oceans doesn’t contribute?
What is the most dangerous animal in the zoo? Humans.
It should be no mystery that the same people who dismiss the concerns outlined in the video are also those who join prepper movements, participate in survival programs and live off the grid. They know, and are prepared. The dismissal is a tool used to keep you unaware and uninterested in making the same preparations if you don't fit into the "desired" class. I know, been an avid outdoorsman all of my life and I see the open hatred people who look like me face when enjoying the outdoors. It isn't just a race thing though, it's and ideology thing too. WHEN things implode and we are forced to survive without modern technology, only a few will be able to do it. Those who have no clue how to build a fire, build a shelter, preserve food, make medicines, grow food, raise animals for good etc will perish or he forced into slavery.  My advice? Learn how to garden, farm, hunt, fish, build repair and tame. I'm telling y'all, nearly 100% of those who are prepared share the ideology of the EXTREME-Right. They want to be in control by default, and as their hateful, evil ideology has become less popular globally and their population numbers are dwindling, the only way to dominate is to be the only ones able to overcome mass destruction. So yeah, they'll call you names, dismiss information and call everything a Liberal conspiracy ( though I do believe they exist in some areas) while at the same time preparing for the destruction they push you to ignore
Some of us are old enough to remember that Ehrlich is the fool who predicted global food riots, 1 billion deaths from starvation, and a US population of less than 23 million by 1999.
That's because humans keep chopping down trees faster than they can grow. Without trees there's no shade. Without shade the water evaporates quicker and everything dries up
Lummi’s have been fishing the Salish Sea for 123,000 YEARS! (Not “hundreds of years”) -Darrell Hillaire
Save the earth,self liberate or just vax the left 😂remember be good sheeple and do what klause schwaub and bill gates tell you to do 🐑
Most of the world is rural. Just ask Hugh's Net, the largest internet provider in the world.
Elon musk says we are under populated.
Ariel School 1994, Zimbabwe, this was foretold and warned by the "messengers", wake up and see what was foretold to the children there!!  Wake up!!!
Honestly, so long as humanity disappears, I’m good with extinction.
It's ridiculous to compare "Mass Extinction" to Salmon fishing and wildlife numbers, while at the same time humans farm our foods and animals very efficiently now - and for any foreseeable population .  So unrealistic that it is insulting.
What a great way to begin the year.
animals matter too!
i wish all the stack and pack housing would stop
The sixth mass extinction, death of a satanic cult. Praise the lord.
Thanos don't sound so crazy after all
Such fear mongering BS!!  As they stated in the first 30 seconds…everything should have collapsed after 1970 due to the population at that time.  These are the same people that we were going to have a “Second Ice Age”.  Then it was Acid Rain.  Then a hole in the ozone layer.  They are NEVER held accountable when their predictions don’t come true! Al Gore said we had 10 years to fix everything, or we were done!  (That was first in 2006.)  Then…he said it again in 2008 (10 years).  Then…he said it again in 2009.  Total crap!  If this is a population issue…then take it up with countries that have the largest populations and the highest population densities in the world: China and India. But shows like this, and these scientists, just love to strike fear into Americans.  It’s total BS!
Shut down all production for 3 months each year. Once a year. Change the way we live. I would rather do this than doom the entire human race for Kim kardashian and comfortable homes.
I'm conservative (not Republican), hunt, fish and do not like liberal policies. With that being said, it's sad how every time I see programs like this, the comments are full of conservatives who dismiss the information as a "liberal" agenda. I want to be able to enjoy animals, forests, clean water, clean air too. What do these people think will be the result of chopping down trees faster than they can grow back, polluting the water, killing all of the fish/animals ( and keep in mind that I hunt and fish) and poisoning the air? This is why although I can't align politically with the Left, the extreme Right can never be a home. No concern for ALL of humanity.
God is going to return soon…
We have been living against mother nature for so long. Never with her but always taking from her. 8 billion humans on this planet and about 2 billion live a good or decent life the rest will follow when their living standard is achieved through their country's economic development.   We don't need to cut trees down or burn land for farming we have to work with Mother Nature and created innovative sustainable development on growth.
I know one thing that has adapted well: Canada Geese in my neighborhood in Columbus Ohio. They are fat, mean and halt traffic anytime they feel lol..
Seriously cannot believe they ran a story with the main interviewee being the guy who’s been wrong since the 70s about literally anything. I miss the old 60 minutes
These clowns exaggerate. We are reaching a population crisis point. But we're not there yet.
Too bad the conservative’s mindset of profit over anything and everything including a healthy planet to live on would go extinct. But I digress
We’re all doomed 😩
It only took Europeans about 500 years to destroy the planet
When species  become a plague for sure it will bring some consequences.  And we are  the worst  plague of them all.
Capitalism's gotta go.
What do they spray the skies with every week that seems to have poisoned our groundwater?
Or not nature could take out very easily. But humans are naturally self destructive and experts at destroying their surroundings.  It is in written history.
What earth is experience is evil people murdering on a mass scale in millions, the Seth itself has nothing to do with it!!! Today we got so called “scientists” in Cahoots with the top 1% of the wealthy deciding there are too many of us to control.
Happy New Year.
Be afraid, give them more power.
We need individual regulations and with CBDCs, this will solve it. Governments will be able to track what we spend our money on. Too many beef patties? Limit reached for the month. Less and less farms. We must round up the population and put them into concentrated cities. Too many kids? Taxes for higher carbon footprint. The future is bright for wildlife so we can cheer up.
Only the world's .01 percent elitists will survive the upcoming extinction event. They will be the only ones who have the resources to build the bunkers and store enough supplies to make it through the coming apocalypse. They have already survived other extinction events in human history due to the cyclical nature of polar shifts. (Research the Mayan calender)
The only thing that can stop it maybe more pandemics. But do we really want that?
Bc all those damn Asians eating up everything in the ocean
Can we really not go 2 days into 2023 without a new apocalyptic scenario
The new built houses don't even have backyards
The human population is facing the same issue.  A review of the demographics of many countries like China shows a reduction of population of 50 percent in the next 25 years.  Covid is only pushing this timeline forward.  When you lose your soul/humanity and only think of immediate gratification i.e. money this is the ultimate reward for your actions.
Adapt and overcome. If the human race can't do that, then maybe it shouldn't survive. It's evolution, the strong survive. At the same time, people always want to cry wolf. We are innovative and we will survive. We can create these means, the question is: will we want to save ourselves?
A LOT of climate activists seem to misunderstand the problem and think the human population is the issue when green sustainability is the real issue here. We can grow-we just need to do so responsibly. The sixth mass extinction is a serious issue. Inviting Professor Thanos on to pontificate about too many people when there are MUCH better solutions to climate change is irresponsible.
Maybe Paul relics should delete himself if he’s so concerned. STFU
Lmao.
Honey bees are not natives. But, there are hundreds or more types of native and ground bees. I have an organic acre near a major city and provide water and native garden spaces for the bugs and bees. I see many bees, mantises, bugs, birds, and other wildlife in my yard. It's not that hard to do if you don't mind having native grasses, clover, etc. A perfect weed and feed lawn is not healthy, natural, or sustainable. They are actually food deserts for pollinators.
Frightened scientists crowing about extinctions and famines that they themselves are as responsible for as any of us, this is nothing knew.  At least one scientist got it right here: the earth will be just fine; the only thing we are killing is our indulgent lifestyle— good riddance.
Oh stop it you bunch of cry babies. Get out and travel the world and see for your self. The world is doing fine and humans only occupy about 5% of the land on this planet. Get out of your crowded cities and see the world and stop crying that the sky is falling.
I am the youngest of five children, born in the last year of the Baby Boomer Generation (1963). I have always been concerned with overpopulation and the diminishing of resources to sustain that overgrowth. I did not think it imprudent of a country like China to limit the number of children per family, in the effort to limit population overgrowth (not a 1-child-only law, as they had for some period, but rather 2-3 limit as they have had since). The earth's population has grown from 3.2 billion people in 1963 to over 8 billion at the start of 2023.  I think about books that warned of this, and movies like "Logan's Run" (where everyone has to submit to death at age 33, I think) and even the "Omen" with it's biblical references that spoke to worldwide famine and disease (ie: The Book of Revelation). I proudly have raised two children myself, and now one of them has made me a grandfather at age 59. But if not for the legality of abortion, I would have actually created 5 children in my irresponsible 20's decade. Then there's my ex-wife who came from a family of 9 siblings, and each one of those families in turn now seem to be breeding future generations like Christian Pro-Life rabbits! The point is that our children, and our children's-children, will likely be living in a world dominated by famine and disease, scarce resources, and of course the War that such conditions will spawn. I certainly am an advocate for abortion rights, but I'm starting to feel like we're all gonna be like Michael York on the "Run" by the middle of the 21st Century!
The ignorance and hubris of our species is maladaptive. I look at all my family and friends and they are in complete denial, consuming and reproducing with great abandon!
I am constantly amazed how my friends and family are completely oblivious to this. We need massive education programs in schools, universities….even day care!  Parents on the whole aren’t doing it!
And people get mad at me when I say that fertility treatments should not be studied or used. Everyone doesn't need to make copies of their own genes. I realize that most people are driven to this by instinct because we are mammals. The world doesn't need more humans. Birth control should be available and encouraged for everyone worldwide.
I live in northwest Georgia and there is an abundance of land that is untouched.  In fact the city I live in is so damn spread out it seems like a large town but in reality the population and traffic isn't that high.
just the prelude to the farewell of humans
It’s the 1%, ULTRA WEALTHY FLY PRIVATE JETS AND YACHTS, while expecting ordinary folks to feel guilty.  Ban private jetting and yachting, and other extremely emission heavy modes of transport.
If we do nothing now, Mother Nature will step in. She hasn’t lost it yet.  But she’s getting there…
A Man who was proving wrong once but made millions selling his book is obviously wrong again. Yet again a liberal dream fitting the narrative of a left wing extremists Show how low can this program go.
Keep scaremongering the sheep!!! 😂😂😂
Been hearing this bs for 40 yrs. Always a new crisis every decade that never pans out.
Lies, mankind and man are to blame for oppressing mother universe. Now the planet is turning on mankind, they don't know what to know as the earth shifts from 3D to 5D which is the extinction of mankind. When I say mankind, I mean hybrids who are 6 ethers not man who is 9 ethers.. We are totally different in DNA and mankind is trying to cause chaos by using weather modification freeze down the earth to create fake rain and snow, but it's backfiring in the cosmos.. Soon they will be running underground or back to their cold planet without the sun called Nirn..
60 minutes?  lmao
its stories like this that make you question alot of things  like no one cares
There's a lot this video omits.   Superabundance https://youtu.be/6iC_hY4qhyk
The answer to this crisis is the end of capitalism and endless consumerism. We all know it. Why is everyone so scared to admit that?
we are done
I'm not worried. There will be plenty of Soylent Green to feed us.
Should have read the Georgia Guide Stones instead of blowing them up.
Native fishing is not several commercial fishing boats. Duh!
May the Anthropocene epoch make the Permian-Triassic extinction event seem like a minor footnote in the pages of Earth's history. Here's to making scenario SSP5-8.5 of the IPCC assessment a reality.
Petty much what can happened that they have to get rib of some things
When the difficult decision of who lives and who dies to balance the equation can no longer be postponed, Its going to be too late to start looking for more planets to enhabit or aliens willing to help, and everyone's gonna say, "we should have lisitned to all those sci-fi kids and conspiracy therorists"
And they keep voting in the same politicians who don't give a Damn, so I don't want to hear about it because nobody's going to do anything
They get rib of churches
U huh. We've been hearing that for the past several decades. We're still good for a hundred years. By then I'll be worm food and won't care anymore.
Why not give young adults an option akin to military service, but rather environmental service? Some discipline. Some training. Positive work. Show young people they can make a change. Teach them what they need to know. A way forward. To sustain, revitalise and adapt. Friends made for life and good memories.
Climate change is real 😢
We are living in the last days of earth history. To get a handle on the real problem, the solution that is already in place, and the details of what will happen, all you have to do is open your Bible. If you laugh or scoff, you are a part of the problem. If you believe and repent, you are part of the solution. Jesus died to pay for your sins. Turn to Him and believe what He has written to understand it all.
The same people who refuse to discuss immigration and family planning in the 3rd world, this isnt serious
I've watched 60 Minutes all of my adult life. This was the most horrifying expose I've ever seen. The human race has become a pathetic example of self-destructive nihilism.
#massextinction: by design, "leading biologist tells Scott Pelley humans would need “five more Earths” to maintain our current way of life"?! "leading propagandists", as this planet has sustained much more life, much larger life, & apparently way more intelligent life, you can't send #millimeterwaves through flesh...  ...mostly laid waste #13kya when the #MoonsplitPangaea @ #MediterraneanSea timing with Maria, spinning planet backwards, #Moon traveling one side, #cyclicalcatastrophism... ...until a #comet formed #HudsonBay #11kya releasing attraction, allowing our crystalized-iron, planetary-core to again revolve, recharging this planet's #dynamo, all life devolves, our "26ky" #precessionalcycle, #YDB... #asteroseismology - #evolution is cyclical... #1812Project: ...& we held this knowledge, passing these #technologies from #Pleistocene, through #Holocene, just losing our advances at the beginning of the #Anthropocene- #Dec16_1811... ...when #Sungrazer #C1811F1 caused worldwide destruction, one massive bolide resurfacing entire #MississippiEmbayment on this date @ 2:30a.m., changing topography, taking the lives of countless millions, loss of #technology, distorting all of #history, taking our #energy sources, leaving #collectiveamnesia, all stuck within #devolution...  ...this world is not "overpopulated", but those in position have indoctrinated so much delusion, order-followers having not a clue, #who we are, what needs to be accomplished, when the future will arrive, where we will bring back, rebuilding #Antiquitech, how much more advanced our forefathers were, & now awaken, it is our turn... #rebirthofMagi lnkd.in/gbp9iEw2 #rebuildthepyramids re #evolve ...Yes, we can!.. [have you heard this before?;-] -remember... "find the truths behind the myths" lnkd.in/gq6R4XWp #shockdynamics #impactphysics #planetarydefense #educationreform www.linkedin.com/feed/update/urn:li:activity:7015782591156948992?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop www.linkedin.com/posts/tony-hood-56419040_earth-currently-experiencing-a-sixth-mass-activity-7015782066260758528-8FLq?utm_source=share&utm_medium=member_desktop
https://youtu.be/nHgXDylaPLc
What about all the people that die ??????
i'm not worried at all.
It's vanishing not because of the people because they are cutting down everything these animals have nowhere else to go, that's why they end up in people backyard
Read his book , population bomb. In 72 as a high-school  Assignment.  Alarmist junk science, long since disproven.  He's spent a lifetime making dire predictions,  that never come true.
But people will rather listen to persons like Elon Musk who says, "the world human population is too low". Or those who will say, there is empty land and open ocean everywhere.
So 5 out of 6 extinction events have happened before humans evolved? And we are to blame for the 6th event? Anti-humanist propaganda isn't good for anyone.
The Earth will be fine. The Earth will move on. Humanity, however……….
MASS EXTINCTION OR ALIENS HARVESTING HUMANS FOR ENSLAVEMENT & YES FOOD. EARTH IS JUST A UNIVERSAL GAS STATION. SORRY ALL CAPS CAN'T C SMALL LETTERS ON KEYBOARD
Depopulation 2023... 🏛✝️🇺🇲
I think it’s gonna be like the dinosaurs dinosaurs got so big so many they ravage the land and they died and that’s what mom is going to happen to people
Consume and crave .. it’s the American way ... the powers that be want a world war and the population controlled dead or in jail .  to heard the masss of people  like cattle they trap in cities  .. that’s why the Illuminati is ramping up its agenda ..in my humble of opinions
And it's 1,2,3,4 what are we fighting for don't ask me I don't give a damn the next stop is mass extinction... The human species are the most ignorant species on the planet, we do not try to coexist with nature we have destroyed it and we will be destroyed next there's no 2 ways about it.
I had this conversation with my friend and the world is going to eventually be like that planet in Star Wars where it's just one big city,  I think it's called Coruscant.
😢😢this is sad
It’s disappointing that they can put up a video like this without a mention of the damage of the meat industry and promoting a plant based diet
When are the elites going to force the peasants into climate lockdowns?
Climate change, sustainable living, clean energy, these are matters we should be focused on. Instead, pop culture and feelings dominate the headlines. We must educate the population, so we can protect wildlife, plant life, and ourselves.
Maybe it is time to stop having a bunch of kids.  Maybe time to stop having them altogether for a good long while.
But we have to get rid of cows
I heard this bloke preaching on the streets of SF saying God sent us the Fenty to save us from this. 😕
10:13 ``What the world has to do`` ... is changing radically the average way of thinking. And that begins with reforming education.
then you have morons like musk thinking we need more people on earth
Let's hope the 'Earth' starts with the liberal media...
Elon saying the problem is that we don’t have enough people. He just wants overpopulation on earth so that he can sell tickets to his Mars colony
We need to face the truth about everything. We will be forced to it.
Humans and monkeys are closely related. What give us the right to own the world? Money and bad parenting? Good luck to us all.
That nature reserve plan is remarkable.  I would LOVE to see billions go into similar projects nation wide.  Imagine how big of an impact this would have.  Money very, very well spent!!
Extinction is inevitable but not how its been depicted in this video and Paul Ehrlich fraud explanations.
There are way too many people, get your vaccine shots...
Well what are we going to do about it................crickets chirping !
Religious people and poor people need to stop pumping out babies.
This is a grand version of ‘carbon offsets’
1970 the year of the first Earth Day. But where did that go? I remember 1986 talking about the end of fish in Washington State 🥺
6th mass extinction... that alone should speak volumes to anyone with critical thinking skills. That means five mass extinctions have happened without humans. I think if you were truly interested in protecting the planet and mass extinctions then you should look into what was happening globally, solar, Geomagnetically, and with climate during the previous 5 extinctions
We're bacteria growing all over the planet. We're gonna consume the entire thing.
THE ECO SYSTEM IS NOT FRAGILE AND   man   IS NOT CAPABLE OF DESTROYING IT
More alarmist BS from political "scientists" with an agenda...
Nothing a nuclear war cant fix . Thin the herd !
We are so fuked!
This was evident before airing this show.  But it is the larger animals which provide no value to man, and even will eat a man if hungered.  That is too bad.  Then there are the animals which are good for man too eat or socialize with.  Yes even them with get in our way if not managed.  We have more problems that we can really solve, but man is in charge of this planet.  We could thin the man heard out but who would sit still for such a thing, Russia, China?  Perhaps Planet of the Apes was prophetic.
What is lacking is good management, inadequate protection for wildlife, inadequate restrictions on gathering and harvesting, and prevention of further destruction of habitat. Most destruction of habitat is for money, not necessarily for necessary food per se, but fad foods, "boom" foods and other products, mining, "greefields" residential subdivision and forestry - and pollution. The idea that feeding the billions is what drives this destruction is disregarding the greed and ignorance in favour of the idea that it was necessary.  The operative words used even in the first interview are "maintaining our lifestyles" - yes, this is the problem, the avaricious and wasteful "lifestyles " is the problem, not the supply of sufficient and adequate nutrition. There are not too many people but there are too many "developers" and destructive industries without adequate regulation, totally lacking concern for the real source of their wealth.
Feeding your own family is different from feeding for profit. Profit shouldn’t be made off of nature.
And your point is????…….you dont really think this planets going to last forever do you?????….deluded!!!!!
It's to late unless something like a Pandemic wipes out half of the population so see it is inevitable we have all chosen to drive off the cliff together or we could have let nature the Pandemic wipe out a large part of the population but we would never let that happen so it's is truly inevitable people need to start accepting the cold reality of our situation and stop living in made-up fantasy land because nature not
Seek jesus for guidance & healthy bodies and minds during the crises to come man.. it’s gonna hit us all watch
Money always trumps common sense,we are all doomed due to greed
In reality the earth can grow more than enough food and could support a population much larger than it currently has. Greed and mismanagement by people is the problem. The size of the population is not the problem.
It is scary to think we are approaching this like proverbial frogs in a pot of water. Why will we not take notice and take action now? Why are we waiting until the water in the pot is too hot to survive? And, when the plants and animals and fungi and everything else has died off, what will happen to us a spiritual and moral beings? I think we are dramatically underestimating how bad our situation is.
Lightning bugs have to be dying off
For all the doomsday that is talked about, why are we allowing harmful mining in the name of climate control. Cobalt is a horrible and dangerous mining operation for car batteries. We have no business buying up materials like cobalt in the name of saving the world when its causing such damage. Your show are hypocrites. We can go without electoral cars.
If the plant/wildlife goes extinct..humans are very much doomed as well. We should be further developing and researching surviving in a dying biosphere. Like how to survive without overrelying on the weather to help nurture us?
Main Stream Media propaganda justifying depopulation agenda by the New Word Order.
Warehouses built take a lot of natural habitat because somebody wants to get rich and local govts need the tax money to support useless people who refuse to work
All of this ecology stuff is a particular sort of IQ test, ain't it?  I suspect either the human sorts of critter get rational, or nature will impose rationality for us.  That is where the 'test' part comes in.  I also suspect that many will object or disagree.
If you believe this is real you should volunteer to fix the problem.
So the best way to get on top of this... is to cut birth rates. 2 adults having 1 kid for 100 years, and then we'll start to see a difference....  We're not going to achieve that.
So when are the news organizations gonna start pushing  for people to turn their yards into permacultures?
All my life it's been "MANkind" now, suddenly, when our male civilization is killing everything, it's "humanity" makes a woman right cynical it  does. WE didn't do this YOU men did. You just took us for  a ride
So listen too you Goverment they will feed cloth and give you free medicine like the illegals all will be good and fine
Yeah it all stems from the Bible telling us the animals are for us to exploit.   Who do we think we are?  Animals have more intelligence than we do.  We're an horrendous cancer on the earth. The earth will be ok eventually but we'll be dust and we will deserve it.
Tell us some more fracking lies. These is some white people who want power goes back cause of white expedition and invasion saying they own this and that
OMG!! I better turn my life over to the WEF because they own the science, as they jet set around th we world.. I would love to kick the hypocrites and mainly John Kerry as hard as I can right in their dirty filthy greedy little sizzler.
Thank God they're spraying US with aerosolized vitamins and minerals.
The limitations of modeling are ignored by enviros. "the vast majority of these extinctions are thought to be undocumented, as the species are undiscovered at the time of their extinction"
The human monsters
We are literally killing our world.  It's so sad.
I love how climate alarmists that scream the loudest, are actually the largest polluters on earth. Screams to recycle, wont sort a landfill. Wants recycled road paving meterials used. Requires MORE road repairs than older roads did. Demands Diesel trucks need super-emissions systems, mines rare earth metals to make said filters. Complains cars need to be electric, mines big holes in the earth for said metals, instead of using hydrogen engines which are tested and work. Screams corporations are greedy, buys iphones and from Amazon. Complains about pollution, burns down businesses in the name of activism. Such comical people.
The people being given a platform here have based their entire career and livelihood on forecasting doom. If they don't forecast doom they don't get the notoriety, they don't get the grant money, and they don't eat. Keep that in mind. They've been grifting off this concept for many many decades and there's never any accountability for them when their forecasts fail to occur. They just go quiet for a year or two and then come back with a new environmental grift. They are parasites.
That might explain things like covid starting to happen
Good, hopefully it ends up with the extinction of half the human population. We're a plague on this earth.
Where is Thanos when we need him?
those people who live in what are traditionally classified as "3rd world" society's will be the only people to survive this life collapse.......  they've already been living the life that the rest of the world will have to deal with....
Unfortunately humanity is a bit like a cancer growing out of control. Over-consuming, polluting like crazy, and also: the more people the less the quality of life we will have. Just look at China…
I'll start listening when the John Kerry's of the world give up their private jets!!
E O Wilson publicized this early in 1982.  We have lost huge numbers in these forty years.  Glad for the news, but sorry it's considered news after forty years.
How can I trust anything from this channel, theyre propaganda like everything else
long story short; don't have children
Approximately 10% to 15% of the Earth's land has been developed by man. More hysteria from the Climate Crusaders. Get a better story. This one is BS.
It's not just the human population.  It has a lot to do with the least intelligent people breeding much faster than the most intelligent.
mankind is the disease of the earth.  extinction is the cure.....
"We have little to no proof but making you scared is what we do." - Modern journalism
This overpopulation premise is absurd and consummate nonsense. We have a crisis of mass consumerism, greed, envy, and hoarding of resources commercially. Our birthrates are in decline. We are not having enough children - all over the world. We will soon see a population decline, hopefully not a collapse, but it will not be due to an overpopulation.
Yeah, and yet, I'd bet NOBODY is offering to send birth control to Africa!!
But hey guys humans are at 8B now so who cares right! Keep pumping out those babies guys!
WE ARE SURROUNDED BY WATER AND OCEANS. LET'S GET THE OCEAN WATER, DESALINATING THE OCEANS!!!
COCKROACHES WILL INHERIT THE WORLD!!!!
3:00 Well if everyone would be doing salmon fishing then what did you expect would happen to the salmon through out the years?
And that is why everyone is waring over resources ......but party on folks ..........oh you lost two millions dollars of fish ?fk you they weren't your fish to capitalize on took more than you needed and now have nadda.
Don't worry be happy.  Hmm that didn't work.  We are in for a big change.  Not extinction but a new heaven and earth.  The seventh angel poured out his bowl into the air, and a loud voice came out of the temple, from the throne, saying, “It is done!”And there were flashes of lightning, rumblings, peals of thunder, and a great earthquake such as there had never been since man was on the earth, so great was that earthquake.  The great city was split into three parts, and the cities of the nations fell, and God remembered Babylon the great, to make her drain the cup of the wine of the fury of his wrath.  And every island fled away, and no mountains were to be found.  And great hailstones, about one hundred pounds each, fell from heaven on people; and they cursed God for the plague of the hail, because the plague was so severe.  If you believe in Jesus and committed your life to Him, you will be saved and will live with Him forever on the new earth.
I don't hate people, but I do want humans to go extinct soon. We've done enough damage, it's time for the biosphere to heal itself.
LETS INVEST IN SOLUTIONS AND RESEARCH, NOT SENDING MONEY TO UKRAINE FOR WARS!!!!
Oligarchs want hunger games, hmmm is that why the cattle disappear
5:08 - He lies. His eyes glance to the left when he says "we are in an extinction crisis".  Straight up easy to read body language cue.
That is lies, if there is 20 billion people, earth can feed them.
This is just more climate change propaganda….. the globalists will use it to take your rights away. Climate lockdowns are next
Don't believe these facts? Do some research and look at whats happening in Many African nations.
Last week we had record freezing temperatures, and tomorrow it will be 60 degrees. But if you point this out you'll get called alarmist and people will say "this is normal".
Covid tried to solve this issue we wouldn't let it
To those who claim that this is "complete nonsense propaganda meant to justify genocide":  Refusing to procreate is not genocide. Refusing to force people to pay taxes and work harder to take care of _other people's children_ (if it actually happened someplace on this planet) would not be genocide. Forcing people to be more responsible toward the children they beget would not be genocide. Incentivizing others not to procreate would not be genocide. Even forced sterilization would not be genocide. Human beings collectively causing extinction of 'vital'/'indispensible' species is, arguably, more of a crime than the many genocidal conflicts that took place in the last 100+ years, the one in Rwanda being a horrible example. Some people had been warning about the possibility of armed conflict in Rwanda before 1994. They were also called 'alarmists.' It is not "nonsense propaganda" that there are many people who had been living conscientiously, refusing to have children, trying to be good stewards of their environment, trying to warn their contemporaries to do likewise. Nor is it "nonsense propaganda" that even such people are forced to contribute to the procreation of others who (try to) pooh-pooh their concerns.
We'll boys in girls its time to go into space and conquer😎💪😁
what a lie...
Mother earth shall breathe a sigh of relief upon our demise
What a load of BS
This is not 100% accurate. It's kind of a real adverse effect of too much corruption in corporate governments. Mass production is a model for unsustainabllity. A resouce based economy is the answer. There is no ethics in business because the end result is profiteering.
The changes are so apparent. We’re doomed.
Fishermen cut their own throat.  They take and take and never give back. They should have to replenish the fish, just like a logging company has to replant trees.  Allowing rich people to shoot big game is another thing that leads to things like this.
People need to start having less kids! One or two is good
All this land where no one live stop the cap 🧢
Political don't profit from it they don't care about it they want to live lavish lifestyle we only live to maybe 60 70 years and people want to get the best out of it they don't care about the future that's why humans are the worst peasants on the planet selfish
The only solution is a reduction of the human population through aggressive Birth Control. We must achieve a negative population growth. The challenge is, how do we support the current population that already exists and their financial needs and how do we support Corporations need for funds while reducing demand for their products as the population shrinks.
Maybe if they would teach our kids about this stuff in school instead of teaching them you can be whatever they want. A man or girl. Then maybe we could then work on the planet 🤣
Omg stfu.  So did the dinosaurs over populate the world back then too?  Too many cavemen?😂😂. Shut up
Too many people,too many consumption,to much food waste, to much material waste, need to recycle, replant , and find cleaner fuels for the environment.
Is it right that overpaid 'media personalities' at CBS should act surprised or shocked that our species had been ruining this planet long before the advent of television? What kind of commercials pay the salaries of these people? May I suggest that there are many luxury car commercials interrupting the so-called "60 Minutes"? All that said, I am glad that they are not flatly refusing to give voice to 'alarmist scientists.' I believe we can do more than hand-wringing and finger-pointing.
Humans ARE the problem. 75% of humans on each continent should be vaporized. And no,  the planet isn't going to be fine, not unless the population decreases.
Fake news to create false hysteria so they can offer u bizarre solutions, like eat the bugs
Don't have more kids.  Problem solved!!!
the greens need to realign themself with the right. when the conservatives and environmentalist worked together they established most of the conservational polices that exist. the issue is greens are have shifted liberal for social reasons and liberals simply don't prioritized conservation. the greens simply need to accept they are not big enough to matter alone. and their choices are to be an ignored part of the left, in which the only benefit is virtue signaling and being progressive. while in general being swept under the rug in favor of globalist economics that are anti environmental. or just accept they disagree with the conservatives on social change but at least conservatives actually have a history of committing to conservation. there's just no path where you get to be progressive and liberal and support conservation. sure youll get cheap talk, and feigned support but zero binding legislation. because liberal collations simply give just enough chit chat and fake support to get the votes away from the right.
99% of Lifeforms that have ever lived on Earth are extinct...and others have taken their place etc. "Change" is essentially a defining trait of Earth. Our brain....has a difficult time comprehending and accepting this.
The only solution is to give the corrupt and incompetent UN one world order elitist a blank check, oh and, are these the same "scientists" who vouched for the bogus Russian collusion hoax?
Sad
Someone will always find a biologist to say we’re not at an extinction level anything. That’s just the way people are. Again everyone thinks they’re right and nothing can and will ever be done about saving planet Earth.  Grim to say, but it’s the truth. It’s impossible to get everyone to understand how bleak the future is and to put Earth above their own selfish needs.
The people that are for helping the climate are flying around in private jets and living in big mansions
Nobody want to admit that overpopulation is the root of so many problems.
We're a looooong way from stripping the resources of this planet. A loooooooooooooooooong way.
Thanks capitalism
Lummi tribe is guilty of destroying habitats as well. Plus, most people in that rez are using.
I've pretty much been told this since I was a child. They keep moving the goalposts. I remember when Erlich was saying we'd be starving in the 1980s.
Don't worry .
Nothing wants to be done about it. Everyone thinks they’re right, 99% of the human race is too selfish to want to do anything about it so it is what it is. We’ll burn this candle called Earth until it simply burns out.
One thing these scientists have done a truly awful job of is communicating these issues to the public. By now everyone has heard some alarmist scientist, with that same alarmist tone, crying wolf whether its there or not and frankly it just turns people off. They have a very valid point to make, I just wish they would figure out how to do so effectively.
Even crab season has been cancelled till 2024 due to over trapping!  The demands of certain species of seafood, such as discussed in this video, not only salmon, but lobsters, tuna, and other over fished species need to be extremely regulated so they too can have the time needed to spawn/re-breed! Aqua culture can help meet future needs and ease the burdens of our natural resources.
May we keep consuming. As long as y’all have tik tok and your likes.  It’s time for us to die off. Hope y’all are ready for it.
"growth mania" is an adequate wording
This is propaganda BS from propaganda 60 min.
Most of that is from the damn Chinese net fishing  oceans where they shouldn’t be
An urgent issue that has needed our immediate action for decades.  But as we have learned, you can get the electorate to ignore this if you promise them walls & travel bans to keep brown people out of their neighborhood.
it seems the only thing that has increased in my area is the mosquito population.  the city started using a pellet that you put in standing water. not sure how bad that is but they were under pressure from the public to do something.
My father and I used to fish in George Lake off Sugar Island and when I was a boy I remember filling a five gallon bucket with fish in a few hours, now we are lucky to catch enough for dinner. Also duck hunting is the same,I am 58years old.....we are all to blame.
Third world countries got too many kids compared to first world countries but it’s seems first world nations have exploited the worlds resources and consume more resources than the rest of the third world countries combined. Humans have surpassed what the planet can feed for the last 50 years but nothing will change because it’s human nation not too until catastrophe occurs.
We didn’t see any fireflies this past year. I haven’t seen a bat in five years.
I didn’t want to watch this. 😢
How often has science been initially right?
00:06:46 - 3 thousand years?
Plays right into the hand of the WEF., Population will be falling not increasing.Wake up to the Narritive B S
Note how a bunch of rich people are getting to say "We can't have this many people because my lifestyle is detrimental to the Earth." What is there proposed method of releasing this pressure? To let people die? To cripple the developing world so they will always have a lower quality of life? This isn't a problem of human population, this is a problem with unrestrained Capitalism that literally makes a profit by making everything rare. Why don't you talk about politicians who are still pushing development in carbon burning energy? Why don't you talk about companies profiting off wasteful business practices? It's disgusting that you're still pushing individual responsibility when corporations are the problem.
This is nonsense,  the United States has unlimited of land avaliable,  this is why these people creates Covid .., Russia 🇷🇺 has only  140 million people,  with almost 1/3 of of world
This is complete BS , we have more trees now than 100 years ago, these psychopaths are lying . The elites have declared war on every one else and 60 minutes is nothing more than there propaganda machine
Lol. Hasn't he been making crazy predictions for decades?
Let's Fear God.🙏 because we're going to die and face God Almighty judgement .
Why aren't we building an ark?
Our politicians solutions....  raise taxes and electric vehicles.
Thanks for spending the time to create and share this content
...again,   What is FUKUSHlMA ?
Greed what kills this planet.
This time this extinction process will be at a slower pace. It will take a few hundred thousand years to complete. The only way for humans to stay untouched by this process is by drastically reducing our material wants. Those who practice that will not be affected by this slow paced extinction process.
The same “scientists” that said 2 weeks to stop the spread? Or the same “scientists” that said you need to protest for George Floyd during a pandemic???
Bs
Conservation does not keep economies running at the current pace. To curb population growth won't happen because economies are run by numbers. Extinction of human kind is unavoidable. It will happen. Just a matter of time.
Great news very true
Over building over use of water ! So lets bring in millions more people ?
These same Scientists were sounding alarms that did not come true... why? Because innovators did not except the dooms day scenario perspectives of these people.  It's fine to identify an issue... but it is wholly unacceptable to even suggest humanity is to be culled... just weak.  You can not spend your way out of the issue and pretend that if you give the guy at the bottom of the economic chain a payoff to stop producing (a death nail proposition) there is a solution.
I've had the pleasure of talking with Dr. Ehrlich and hearing him speak a few times. He speaks carefully without hyperbole or exaggeration. He is definitely not an alarmist by nature. We should listen and act on the advice of these scientists if we love our children.
Deforestation must be stopped! Plastic production must be stopped! The consumption of meat must be decreased. Public transport must be promoted.  None of the preceding will take place unless governance is properly reformed. It must be made public and divided again!
Just tell people their Amazon packages are in danger…
Pelley asking why is that fisherman getting emotional. Amazingly stupid question coming from Pelley.
Global warming cultists are funny.
Here in eastern europe fauna is still diverse, but we're already seeing it struggling in the last decade.
The human race is barbaric!
Peoples willfull ignorance is causing a lot of destruction. I have a friend who has been telling me for a couple of years; he bought a big riding mower so he could cut down the field he has just off of his lawn, that's where the rabbits habitat was. I have rabbits in my yard because it is being turned into native prairie and under the big bluestem is where they burrow to give birth.
The creator said Be fruitful and multiply!
The quote of earth's human population in 1970 at 3.5 Billion is off.  That was the year that the global census exceeded 5 billion.  Erlich is controversial because his book called for population reduction rather than reduced births.  No doubt, we are in a pickle with increasing population and the production required to sustain it.  The report mentions "the green revolution" assisting in food production, but doesn't elaborate on this massive advance in science. Salmon production is now done in aquaculture, which didn't exist at the time of publication of "The Population Bomb".
Chicken little
When was this on?
I love how 60 minutes loves to preach to the choir...tell this to the corporations that cause this..don't blame the poor people
The ever growing world human population is also a natural calamity we are not separate from nature.
An immigrant from Mexico into the US increases their carbon footprint 6X
No, no, no… all lies. They want to make us believe that over population will  destroy the world. When they themselves have caused the destruction of our habitat because of there greed. They are the rich, the entitled wealthy.
Not every one is equal on this beautiful planet. Better to be distinct then extinct. That will take work that, unfortunately many are unwilling to do. However,. like many spiritual beings there is hope.
Our grandchildren's grandchildren, I fear, will be fighting each other for scraps.  And all we'll do is be persuaded to buy more stuff we don't need.
There's no shortage of stray freakin cats. We'll be eating them.
Hope the people vanish first
I've been living in the Ecuadorian Amazon for 6 years.  When I arrived the sounds of frogs at night were amazing.  6 short years later, I might hear a frog or two.  Some of the frogs were so unusual and loud, but I haven't heard them again in two years.  They have completely dissapeared from the soundscape.     Nobody here even notices the silence until you point it out to them.
15 years ago I wrote about a 6th mass extinction. I kept it hidden because I didn’t think it was good. It was too complex of a collapse and I didn’t want to compromise. Now my story is coming true in exactly the way I wrote it. I’m a bit scared. Here’s the opening excerpt:  At the end of the 20th Century, humans believed nuclear weapons would destroy the planet. In the beginning of the 21st Century, they believed religious radicals, politics, and bio-terrorism would be the death of humanity. We couldn't have anticipated what really happened.   For almost two centuries, humans were engulfed in a wave of self-centered, materialistic gratification. Corporate greed utilized the skills of psychological marketing propaganda to indoctrinate society to consume with an insatiable appetite. The voracity of consumption for natural resources peaked in the 21st century and the 6th Great Planetary Extinction began.
I read most of the posts.  If we combined all the suggested solutions into a single proposal, it would be a world which you would not want to live in.  The constant thread that speaks to the despising of humanity (includes the zero children group) is every bit as toxic and evil as all the greedy capitalists' , maybe worse. Humans are also part of the natural world,are they not?  The problem is how do solutions play out and why are they so difficult to implement.  Who decides which species get to thrive and which don't (both animal and plant).? That's a truly frightening question to ask, but it lies at the core of political will. It's vastly complex, but the simplistic answers posted here are mere wishful thinking, and many, not all, would likely bring disastrous consequences, worse than our current dilemma.  If humans could sovle their own self destructiveness through education and technology, they would have, but it's likely an impossibility.  In fact many have thought that they were doing their best to improve for all of recorded history and they did so (medicine being one good example).  It all comes with a price. The real solution lies elsewhere.
We are not in a mass extinction stage  on this planet. There may be areas where populations are in decline regionally but they will bounce back.
Good news..... Over the last 40 years, sperm counts have fallen over 50%!
It's not as if the scientists have been telling us this for the past 20 years. The world we were born into has passed into legend.
It's the people stupid! DEPOPULATE & DEINDUSTRIALIZE!  It is a dereliction of duty for the world's governments to not address overpopulation as an imminent threat. Human nature tells me that we won't course correct in time, therefore I concur with Paul Ehrlich and associates that the next few decades will be our last as we know it. As the scientist said, the world will be fine without us.
I am in favor of releasing jaguars and mountain lions back into Los Angeles. They were there first.
Paul Ehrlich https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_R._Ehrlich   Every time.
On the positive side Ehrlich has a horrible record of predicting anything accurately. The Extinction Event is real but this short essay and many of the comments conflate it with climate issues. Even if we instituted all the proposed solutions for the alleged climate change issues by the most avid believers the extinction of species would continue and probably accelerate because if the market based capital system is destroyed then several of those billions of people alive today will disappear and they will take many more species with them on the way out. There are two developments that will bring some relief. One is lab grown meat which will free up much of the land and resources used to grow animals, and bring a halt to commercial fishing globally. The second is large scale desalination of sea water which will provide water to the billions of people currently using up ground water supplies.
I mean we are due to a mass extinction
Doing what I can in my tiny portion of the world.  Here in Salt Lake City, Utah, I took out my lawn and am replacing it with local xeric plants and pollinators to give bees, Monarchs, hummingbirds and other insects a place to gain nourishment and procreate.  I also now need significantly less water to maintain my landscape.  It's a small gesture but if more people made changes like this, we could make a difference.
Saw a documentary years ago about how smart people who pay nuanced attn to large scale issues like this, tend to not have kids. Course, some just have good socio-economic positioning too, which provides opportunities of free time to learn & avoid unwanted pregnancies.   But the effect was lower avg intelligence throughout our species, as everyone else continued to reproduce & didn't have time to develop their minds, which compounded issues.  Believe it was called "Idiocracy". And now that I think about it, maybe it was a Horror flick...
We will disappear, it has started. Ignorance is our own cure.
Our Mother Earth will always provide enough to sustain all life. It's what Humans do with (and to) the bounty she provides that causes shortages. It is greed and exploitation that needs to become extinct.
We are done https://youtu.be/cCxPOqwCr1I
If Florida they stopped fishers from catching snapper, but they’re more than plentiful. Good propaganda from the stand point that it’s all human caused. Much of it goes beyond human influence. Climate change has always existed without human influence. Do we play a role? Sure. Are we overstating our influence? Absolutely.
blame central bank for creating credit-based economy :(
The population correction is coming.  Birthrates are in decline globally and have been for decades.  Male fertility is plummeting at the same time.  It will take decades at this trajectory but population with begin to reverse per studies.  Add that to famine and associated war which we are at the precipice of and I think it will come sooner.  It won't save what has been lost but future generations will repair what we still have.
Don't forget that global warming is a total fraud. The Earth heats up and cools down and there's nothing we can do about it, aside from regulating pollution...talk with Al Gore about that one.
I believe that plutocracy is the main cause of the spiral we are in. Trust, respect, integrity, empathy, gratitude, benevolence, redemption, forgiveness and dozens of more values we seem to have let slip away will have a very hard time pulling us out of this spiral created by our lack of conscience. Where are the leaders who know what millions of Americans, and billions of humans, really need in the 21st century?
Replace tax breaks for children with tax penalties. Use the added revenue to bring back human space exploration, so we can escape to a new world since we've used this one up.
This massive population is by corporate design, feeding us fertility music and pushing women to have children. It's almost like some kind of hysteria they experience, wanting to have them, when there are enough people. And it's all for the sake of having full factories and armies brimming with cannon fodder.
Yes because of the climate cycles.  Not Humans.
Is this current post or a rerun?
For the last 35 years, since I was in mid-twenties, I have been talking to people about this, trying to get them to not use disposable diapers, not buy anything that comes in plastic, stop eating animals, go organic, only use cleaning products that are safe for the environment, etc. I alienated my family and some friends, and only reached a few. I have friends who still buy foods that come in plastic, regularly. I'm glad 60 Minutes is telling the truth about what is happening, even though it is too late for us. According to experts, we have less than ten years before we will need to live in controlled environments. If only we hadn't wasted all those years with political leaders who refused to acknowledge that this was happening. Keep up the reporting, dear journalists!
The answer: connect plants and animals with our technological daily lives. More hydroponics, more plants and trees in urban environments, and more protected animal sanctuaries and natural habitats.
I blame white folks and their pomposity.   Job 9:24  “The earth is given into the hand of the wicked: he covereth the faces of the judges thereof; if not, where, and who is he?”  It will all work it out when the destruction comes.
Certain humans are the cancer of the earth. All they know is to destroy.
The planet can only feed 10 billion people
Me me me myself and I
Greed my friends greed
In my area, I’ve seen an abundance of new birds, trees, and insects.  My bee hives are thriving.
And we're destroying everything to feed people's need to consume garbage. Blame ourselves! Blame big corporations. Blame whoever you want but we need to change the way that we live. We sit in our boxes and we bring products in and we push trash out all while watching TV or bent over on our computer screens and phones. What a life to live.
It's all just so depressing
It's obvious that this version of the Matrix isn't going to make it
Wrong! The last mass extinction was Noah’s flood 😂😂😂
I’m 23 , I’ll be dead before any of this effects me… & whatever happen to global warming?
I always believed that people were over fishing. One does not need to eat fish everyday. People have to find alternatives.
*Promoting genocide again.*
Thank God someone with a large platform is bringing attention to this critical issue. The cheap, easy oil is gone, and we have grown out of balance thanks to this dwindling, asymmetric, intense energy source which has no substitute in terms of energy return on investment. How do we humanely correct, come back into, and maintain balance going forward?
Corporations and politicians. They keep blaming you for existing, while they destroy everything.
The polar ice might be something that we should reclaim. The changes in that area of the globe result in some weather changes. So, you could if you want to build a geothermal cooling station in the north and south pole. But I would suggest that you be careful as you do that, because we could of course end up destroying ourselves if you're not careful as you do that. just a thought.
Grizzlies where killed in CA over a 100 years ago by settler's who killed off the wolves too
I believe that our “great filter” is going to be humanity itself and the depletion of our national resources.   It’s not going to be an asteroid or a technology or a disease.
Absolutely awful/terrifying what humans have done
Stop breeding!
Thanos we need you now
Jesus Christ here. Either accept My leadership or perish.
Consumption and Capitalism are killing us.
american hunters will get the final few large animals before they disappear for good.
The Supreme Court is forcing population growth
This  video by 60 minutes, tells of the 6th mass extinction event that we are fifty years into and have only twenty or thirty years left until nature collapses. This is what we all should be focusing on and not the politically created CLIMATE CHANGE agenda. Although it is a small part of the environmental crisis, it is a  for what the Federal Government along with big corporations have done to destroy the planet for profit, wealth, power, and control. Corporations and governments will not change so they blame it all on Global Warming and fossil fuel pollution, thus do not have to take responsibility for polluting the planet and for not making any effective changes. Their solution is global depopulation and that is what the COVID PANDEMIC is about. It is the dry run for a lethal global genocide pandemic that will reduce the world population from 8 billion to less than one billion. That is their solution because they will not stop raping the earth for profit and power. So the best thing we can do is to enjoy the moment and live our lives to the fullest. We can all reduce personal pollution by  and choosing not to buy anything that is beyond our basic needs. Consumerism is the main cause of this problem. God will recreate the earth once  has destroyed it. Everything that comes to  on this planet dies. Mankind this time is the global killer. CLICK ON THE LINK BELOW TO VIEW THE VIDEO
The world is overpopulated
The consequences of overpopulation!!! Something that many still deny!!!
Can one of you armchair scientist tell me which people groups are overpopulating? Which countries are growing at a rate of population that isn't sustainable?
Did you know everyone on earth could fit in Texas so how are we overpopulated?
Adopt - Don't procreate U selfish legacy-seekers
People make babies to carry on the family name to witness the END
Damn...60 minutes used to do actual quality news stories. Now it’s just typical scare tactic mainstream garbage media
The elites will escalate WWIII to nuclear war before they agree to be taxed or give up their way of life
Humanity may not be sustainable but earth will survive after humans die. We’re our worst enemy.
Yeah that's why I don't understand when the people go deer hunting talking about keeping the population under control for any kind of animal you got to hunt for it just for fun so that's what people need to do to other people cuz people people are the worst peasant on the planet
This is a very important story.  I believe there are too many humans on the planet.  My favorite part is the person who says the planet isn't going anywhere but mankind is if something isn't done.  How pretentious it is to think that man can destroy a planet.  We can't even run our own lives or even get along with each other, and we're supposed to be actively destroying a planet???  Get real.
What are we going to do? Even the materials we use are adding up.. Cement: massive CO2 output Steel: massive CO2 output  Plastics: micro plastics getting into our DNA  We fugged as life exists it will collapse.. Billions will die
The core causal factor is being suppressed. Geoengineering, weather and climate manipulation. Just look up in the skies at the planes that spray the skies and say that we don't see what we are seeing. Total collapse of all surface live is only 2 years away. They are saying decades away when the reality is just 2 years
for me it just doesnt make sense to pay some community farway to protect the forests so i can go on with my toxic lyfestyle, so i wont be personally inconvenienced.  How do they expect to protect 1/3 of earth in a system of forever economic growth?.
The Boomers were given a wonderful world and destroyed it. the most destructive generation in the history of the world!
And there are insane people writing books, suggesting the Earth, and especially the United States can support millions more people like Jordon Peterson,  Elon Musk, and the industries that produce the goods, and services of over population growth to feed the crony capitalist profit making agenda.
The rich are unsustainable. If they refuse to be taxed they can be executed.
I am a proponent of sustainable aquaculture in harmony with sustainable agriculture. Unfortunately, humanity hss not learned sustainable in a meaningful way. Sustainable cannot be chemical farms, GMO creations.. and monocropping.. And sustainable cannot be population growth and more development without having  sustainable agriculture in harmony with nature.  There is one foundational sustainability factor of this biosphere that is crucial to the biodiversity of this planet...    To be sustainable, human agriculture must use this factor harmoniously by  feeding this process sustainably...This is the key... Inputs must be organic and sustainably grown to feed the feed and recycle back to grow the inputs..exactly as nature does it. .. Humanity must stop looking to better nature. Nature has perfected its sustainability, and humanity must join and harmonize with this perfection. Nature uses one chemical to steer this process. We must use it too. Humanity has  started this lately.. But humanity does not yet get the criticality.. of the need to healthfully and organically feed the production of human agriculture by organic recycling.. Humans must become organic in every step .. AND IT IS EASY...BY CULTURING  ARTHROPODS ORGANICALLY.. THEY HAVE THE STEERING  FACTOR WHICH MAKES WATER AND SOIL HEALTHY   AND BIODIVERSE.   It is that simple. ♥️♥️♥️ You don't have to eat bugs... birds and fish do that. We eat marine arthropods.. Lobsters, crabs, shrimp . Their culturing must be sustainable.. Not chemical.. Not GMO SOY BEANS.. It is all the arthropods.. They maintain the high level of biological productivity in conjunction with the other organisms of the biosphere.. Fungi make the same factor. They work together with plants. Mutual promotion.. Symbiotically.. ARTHROPOD AND FUNGAL CHITIN is the FACTOR.... Humanity can go organic on every farm..insects are  primary recyclers. It is them and other arthropods which make compost so good.. This is why worm castings and microbial composts don't cut it. They use up soil while bugs create it. Chitin preserves soil nutrients.       We are organic        We should have          LIFE LOVING        ORGANIC FAITH.             ♥️♥️♥️            😁😁😁
Makes me glad I'm old, and fear for the animal, and plant kingdom, and millions of humans that will be subjected to starvation in the not so distant future. Nature will self regulate, and abolish the imbalance in the system with many casualties along the way. George Carlin, decades ago stated (paraphrased) "the Earth is going nowhere, and will be fine--- its the people who are going". "Pack your bags folks". "The Earth will shake us off like a bad case of fleas".
I'm glad I never had any kids.
What you say 4:15 is covid is good for our earth😂
The fact that one day it can be - degrees and then 70 degrees the next day definitely shows how far gone we are weather wise, things are really changing and it's weird...
So, of course, the only people that will be expected to not have any more children are Europeans.
2023 Here we come like Wild as Animals!
The wealthy are donating for paying for the program and they used up the most resources. The poor will get blamed for the losses
Propaganda
9oYou should respect nature, and not steal from it.
There you go, he needs to get with Bill Gates they could work together to depopulate the world's people.
60 minutes of fake news....fu60min
We buried ourselves
Ipso facto politicians, industry 'leaders', and corporate greed has bought us here. It all boils down to the biggest polluters not being prosecuted because our antiquated systems of roman law can be bought and sold. Immunity and lobbyism is cheap if you have all the money in the world!
Live it up you last generation. Your the last people on earth. I smell a movie but you movie makers better jump now or it'll be too late.
99.9% of all species that have ever existed are extinct. It is what it is.
What a bunch of crap
George Carlin - Saving the Planet - YouTube
In TN we are overrun with deer, in AL and GA they are overrun with wild hogs and in general wild life is abundant in Southern states. Personally i think they should start eating alligators in Florida because 1.2 million are too many and they are eating wildlife at an unprecedented rate but no one will listen and alligators are a “protected species” which is complete ignorance by our government so what can you do? Politicians quarrel about everything and sell their souls for pork for “their constituents” which only benefits themselves. The real problem is they will let just anyone be a politician and win an election without any education or common sense at all. That is like voting for homecoming king and queen it is a popularity contest. Politicians should not be vetted that way. At least have a test that politicians must take and pass in order to qualify to run for office. A test that jus shows they are aware of the worlds problems and have at least read the information currently available.
Thomas Malthus called. He wants his failed thesis back.
Why don't they talk about population control? Stop allowing people to have more than one child. Do you want your human rights or to survive?
Sad 😞
So sad that WE did not prepare for THIS
The liberals say we have too many people but then do nothing about the southern border.  Its your own damn fault.
This give me chills
Humanity has been a cancer to this planet for centuries!! This doesn't surprise me.
Like Mr. Pelley says, it's too many consumers consuming too much. We cannot manufacture or buy our way out of this. Repair old stuff until it is completely used up and demand that manufacturers facilitate exactly that. Give the people with NO (or only one) kids the tax breaks. Eat less meat, make less garbage, insulate your houses and protect the groundwater. It will hurt, but anything else being peddled is inevitably just a gift to whatever industry and yet another step in the wrong direction.
As most of us are consumers in a through away society. Going from pleasure to pleasure instead of choosing a more difficult path of sacrifice and resistance for a higher goal. Quality of our own life.
The sky is falling!!!  The sky is falling!!!  The wolf is coming!!!  The wolf is coming!!
Putin has no worries about windows he lives underground like rats do
Such an important segment!
99% of everything that's ever lived on earth is extinct so get in line.
Growing up in the Northwest Georgia area in the 1960s, our home had many shade trees surrounding it: oak, walnut, cedar, and hickory. One thing that remained a constant in our day to day life was the many varied bird species whose songs we heard from sunrise to sunset. After my retirement I recently moved back home to help care for our elderly mother. The trees were still there, but the birds and their beautiful songs were almost nonexistent; greatly diminished. I listened over the summer nights for the chirping of the crickets I so vividly remembered from my youth. In both instances, the silence has been deafening.
So let me make sure I’m following this correctly….you want me to feel empathy toward an Indian tribe that over fished their own waters for the purpose of generating wealth? Should have built a casino instead and not driving diesel trucks around the rez.
Keep in mind they are not saying the earth cannot support this many people.  They are saying this way of life for this many people cannot be supported.  Yet few seem to want to change their destructive behavior...
Why do we still celebrate and congratulate parents who have 6 or 8 children?
People are not aware of this pending catastrophe; we are ignorant about this issue. If the media were to talk about actions required instead of Trumpian politics we'd be better off.
As a person who has always lived in rural areas, I haven’t seen any appreciable difference in any animal or insect population. If anything, there’s probably an increase in population. Every year the bees are out pollinating, the birds are migrating, and life goes on as usual. This type of reporting is irresponsible. There are issues with climate, but never take information from modern day media. This is not reporting, this is producing what they feel people should be hearing. I encourage anyone who is really concerned about this to do your own research. Don’t just Google something, do research, find the peer reviewed papers from both sides of the argument, come to your own decision, and don’t think what 60 minutes wants you to think. This type of reporting is misleading and shameful.
This compelling journalism is proof to me (as a business school graduate) how limitless growth and our concept of capitalism (as it stands today) is utterly incompatible with life and long-term management of resources. I've heard from environmental organizations that this way of economic thinking is termed the "Death Economy"... I used to think that was an excessive term, well... no longer. We absolutely need to be actionable with our thinking of our impacts, presence in the natural world, circularity of manufactured resources, thoughtful procurement of energy and food, habitat protection, and being happy with what this Earth can sustain us. NOT 5 Earth's, which is completely insane to rely upon (with all our technological innovations), there will always be limits. It's long overdue to change our thinking in a resource-constrained world.
This 90-year-old biologist is so alert and so sharp this is a type of older man that could be the president of the United States not the one that we have.
The only smart thing I heard in this piece was, "The Earth will be OK".
You all at 60 minutes are part of the problem!!! Interview Dane Wigington!!!
How did that 90 year old stay so sharp I wanna know his lifestyle!!!
The very first thing we should ALL do is stop having so many babies. Just because you can afford a large family doesn't mean you should have one. We're all taxing the planet's resources and acting more like parasites than simple inhabitants. Take your ego out of it and stop having so many children, for the love of God.  I'm looking at you, too, Hilaria Baldwin and every rich egomaniac with more than two or three children.
If only man stop tinkering what God originally made, earth wont have this problem.  Look at all the GMO foods and plants, man are doing more harm then good.
We need more succesfull fishermen, indigenous or not, to make sure that salmons go extinct. Nice.
If species didn't outplace itself humans would still be one cell amoebas. Extinction should have happened to royalties, stupid races, tyrannies, despots, propagandists who figured out how to bottleneck world money distribution by creating the Federal Reserve "consortium" in 1914 to benefit oil money sheiks w pink rolls royces 100 years later & Muslim palaces in deserts. Thus extinctions result but fortunately we know the cause & can reverse it now.
"Growth Mania" is such a perfect way to put it. I've worked for corporations who literally expect double market growth YOY for ever. It's absolutely insane and not even possible.
This is why space exploration is important because eventually if humanity is going to survive we will have to find new planets to infect the real question is if we can survive that long
VERY STRONG DOCUMENTARY!!!! THANK YOU VERY MUCH!!!!!
Grizzly’s weren’t run out of their habitat, they were shot out of California due to a choice to eradicate
More people have build their new  house in nature like the Ehrlich family did and we can be sure that life in nature will disappear, ah, how could that be? NO no, lets have some whining and blame others.
Humans have such a skewed perception when it comes to how little of this planet we actually use.   Look at a satellite map every once in a while.
"Scientist" would say anything if tou pay their checks. When "scientist" becoming commercial religiously politics.
Seems pretty natural if it happened 5 times already
and then the idiot right wingers don't allow abortions...
We need more mass extinctions to make fake news great again
It's heartbreaking but it's not like we weren't warned.  That's the brutality of it.  We saw it coming and there was nothing we could do.  Knowing it's going to get worse and there's still nothing we can do is worse.  How do we make people stop listening to the "liars for profit" companies?
I've been preaching this for a long time and now its to late!
This is why as the dominant species we should be using our gifts, talents, and intelligence of creation to provide for all life. Like the distribution of water to all corners of the world. Aqueducts, water reclamation, purification, plumbing, electrical, farms, fish farms, algae farms, biofuels, wildlife refuges, and sanitation. Without water 💦 you have nothing.
The fertility rate of nearly every industrialized nation is already below replacement level. If the goal is to reduce population growth we need to take that up with those countries who are still having 6 kids per woman.
If we take all privately owned property from landowners and concentrate everyone into mega cities that's the only option we have
We are becoming the ailens in Independence day!
The living God who created this world is in charge.
Everyone has the rights to live the lifestyles of people in developed countries with a  middle class or higher backgrounds, especially in poor nations like Africa and south east Asia,  in order to do that you would have to sacrifice some natural resources and environment to develop industries .  It is rather hypocritical for wealthy nations like Uk, Us and Australia to point their fingers to poor nations that  are trying to become more wealthy while themselves had damaged environment in the past developing their wealth.(Us, Uk, Australia with oil and manufacturing.)
The end of time is not a religious prophecy but a slow death caused by humanity’s lifestyle.
Wouldn't it make more sense to just maintain the population at 1-3 billion? Oh yeah right, the bible and mans ego get in the way.
Stop all the building.  I’m Tired of seeing all the trees in Florida being cut down for new developments
I am proud that I got my tubes tied and didn’t contribute to this nightmare.
So the people of the United States listened to all this crap, limited reproduction, recycled, and tried to do the right thing. Now, the current administration is inviting waves of new consumers to enter the country, to increase consumption, to increase pollution, to increase the human population, and strain finite resources. Why? So the greedy mortgage holding banks won’t be left holding millions of worthless properties when the baby boomers are gone. The housing supply will greatly exceed demand, forcing real estate prices into the dirt. The real estate correction from derivatives and speculation bankrupted the banks in the 2008 mortgage crisis. The government foolishly bailed them out in 2008 with no strings attached. This was only the first wave. The worst is yet to come. We are witnessing the results of micromanagement by the government and their bony fingers out of control. Sadly, the animal kingdom suffers most.
and yet people, like Elon Musk, believe that there's not enough people on the planet..that humanity will crumble if we don't start producing more people...proof you can be one of the richest guy's on the planet but not really that smart...
This is the saddest thing, EVER, PERIOD!
Tinder got here right on schedule
Overpopulation is our biggest environmental threat. But who is going to tell a young couple to limit the amount of children their going to have? No one! Especially big business that wants to constantly increase sales and profits. So what's the solution?
Indigenous people have been screaming this out for years but no one wanted to listen and still won’t
It would help if Congress led society to reverse the tide of mass extinction.
I'm 72 and the world population has nearly TRIPLED during my lifetime so I chose to not father any children for just this reason. We passed population sustainability decades ago and now it is only a matter of how many of the other species we share this planet with will be left when the human population finally declines. I've lived very modestly and spent many years paddling, backpacking, bicycle touring and sailing in remote areas and have witnessed a significant decline in wildlife. Habitat loss is the major reason for this extinction event.
Wait what, I thought we had 10 years being human left on this earth, 10 years ago.
How long before an "organization" somewhere takes action when humanity as a whole did not & genengineers a virus that all newborns catch that causes them to be sterile?  Or something crazy like that?
Fishermen are an excellent example of the worst in us, thanks for highlighting them. They take an animal from it's habitat, that is naturally occurring, free to them, make money from it and then they bawl like babies when they deplete that animal species. I guess they have no tears for all the life they killed but only worry about money. Take for instance the native fisherman, he goes from fishing salmon, a resource that he did NOTHING to invest in to make, to fishing for crabs, another living thing he steals for free. What else has he been able to come up with to earn his way? Assist others in taking perfectly good land that had species on it already and turn it into farmland growing a plant that will take up more water, pollute ground water and the ground and will eventually pollute a river then an ocean, just to make money selling a drug that is federally illegal. Add to that the farmers in the desert that steal water from the rivers to spray on their crops. Now that there is no more water to be had, they bawl as well because their "lifestyle" won't be able to be passed on their kids.  I have come to accept our species extinction. I welcome it! The only thing I regret, now that it is here is that we are taking almost the entire population of species that evolved along side us, with us. They did nothing to cause the problem. I had once heard if there was nothing extra-terrestrial coming the next 60,000 years or more looked like the climate should be as stable as it is now. It has only been about that long since we left Africa, just think what we could do in that amount of time again, doing it right.  All of humanity's dreams are dead. We will never go to the stars. We will never go to another planet in the Solar system. Unlike the dinosaur who had no idea what was happening, we used the dinosaur to fuel our own extinction. (dinosaur is used as a metaphor for the ancient life that has changed into fossilised carbon)
I just looked out my window & 3/4 of what should be there, is ELSEWHERE???? I personally think the richest 1% should eliminate the other 99% to ensure the earth continues and recovers for them? It is a fact; the top 1% know better than all the 99% put together. They have more of everything than the rest of us have ever had so, maybe it's right that we, the poverty-stricken nobodies, should give up our lives to ensure they, the Super Rich Elite, can continue?
Having CORRUPT GOVERNMENTS ACROSS THE BOARD/PLANET dos NOT help!!
Conventional “wisdom” places blames on the farmers. Ironically, this phenomenon has been happening since the early 1980’s when farms were being replaced by suburban sprawl.
What?!? Conservatives are always telling us that humans are not the cause for any of this. There has to be another explanation and we just have to look harder.
“Western countries” are willing and able to let the earth die along with all species as long as one can say they won.
most are not use to  what a p h d is use too.  advice  from above means little to  a farmer   that raises  most  just enough  for his family. while the  p h d   adviser  is just not living in the same  world  as a person that has to buy use  shoes.
There are too many people on earth. Humans are the cause of environmental disaster we are experiencing. Earth’s self-cleaning process has already been started. Human beings will experience the process how dinosaurs were extinguished.
After seeing all this stuff for the last 50 years and this documentary doesn't even show the Chinese fishing ships coming within 1 mile of our coastline on the west coast that I have personally seen driving my truck up and down i-5 every once in a while and most every year you can see the Chinese off of our coast. I thought they had a 20 mi limit in international waters but nobody pays attention to the law. They haven't paid attention to the laws for years. Decades a lot of this news is sounds like propaganda put forth by the same people that elected Joseph Biden. Cuz a lot of this stuff is only partly here. You don't get the whole story. My
My anxiety is at all time high, sometimes being concerned is dangerous 😢
Although I appreciate the overall message, I find it interesting that this reporter failed to mention that Americans consume and use 3.5x’s the amount of food and energy compared to everyone else in the world. Also, he failed to mention that the reason that Latin America is so quickly killing its wildlife and lands is due to American Industrial Complex.
Jesus save us all. We are all sinners. 🙏
The planet is simply overpopulated and the population needs to be reduced by 75 percent.
I thought everyone knew this. We might as well give it a name. Lets call it the industrial extinction.
More nations have shrinking populations than growing ones. That that fact is not included in presentation reduces this to propaganda for an agenda people would reject.
You're lying..... Jesus said otherwise....... scientist & these experiment are the problem........
And yet, there is still an entire portion of the US population who are convinced that those without any scientific credentials have the answers.  We are at a tipping point.  When the time comes and we destroy the planet, we have no one to blame but ourselves.
Meanwhile we constantly demonize progressive and green agendas, give more air-time to misogynistic twerps and their 33 cars/pizza boxes than environmental calamity, and kiss the feet of the billionaire idiots with terrible ideas/attitudes. I reckon the best way forward is the extinction of billionaires and their extreme wealth. No human needs/deserves this much money, it is a capitalistic glitch in the system. $0.02
I told you so.
Repairing the Earth is now past. Its time for the majority of humans to die. Thanos was right. The half needs to die off for the other half to survive. The word is "survive"
One of the reasons I dont deep sea fishing again.
Stop making more people, people....
If we didnt try to limit the growth of human population the nature would do it for us.
It's time to opt for fewer kids worldwide. Using "opt" rather than "legislate."
Helping population growth seems like every damm family coming across America's southern border bread like rats this 10 children per family needs to stop that alone would be a great help
George Carlin said this 30 years ago. ["The planet has already been through a lot. The planet will be fine. It's the people that are f*cked."]
The top 1% could pay to stop this, like, tomorrow. Why are we letting them continue to chump us? Time to make Capitalism go extinct.
Humans, where is your Humanity 😢
Finding a material to replace wood would be a great start
This is due to political greed for money. The way we live is the biggest contribution to their extinction, our need for living rich comfortable lives.we will never change
Keep growing and moving forward regardless of the consequences.
I wanna say I see the over population, why does Elon say we're under populated....
The end game here, is we, or those one, two, three? Generations down the road, are going to live a reality that see’s a reduction in the earths population by great numbers. Everything from catastrophic weather to an ever increasing amount of famine. We are seeing it, on so many levels it’s difficult to hope and believe we’ll implement the appropriate solutions in everything from energy to food/resource management. Now add in politics, and the behavior we’ve seen out of adults, who proclaim to be “leaders”, not only in the U.S.A. but worldwide. Consider, this will be the sixth mass extinction. Each time, over thousands and thousands of years later the earth recovered. The belief is it will again but the odd’s that human kind will be around to witness that are extremely small. Lastly, all of this is opinion garnered from what I’ve learned in the last 50 years of my life as well as what I’ve witnessed. Even with our computing power now and ability to crunch the numbers, there are far too many unknowns.
The food chain could collapse.  That's the greatest concern.   Sadly,  the world faces the greatest global environmental threat,  since the  ice age  !!!   😡😡😡
What was the solution again?
I hope it comes here soon. I think the drag Queen story hours is making me think we are done for 😂😊
Pack your bags!  Oh...no! NO where to Go!  The ultra rich because of their Fortune 500 companies are drinking all of the earth's resources because of the bottom line.
I live on the Olympic Peninsula in Washington State.  Last summer, there were no frogs and no crickets . The nights were silent.  It is sad and frightening but all the stores still sell poisons for lawns.  People are still buying plastic junk and water in plastic bottles and all I see is human waste and greed.  Is anyone else grieving?
This was an excellent segment. Thank you 60 Minutes!
Mass EXTINCTION
The entire world needs a total ban on fishing in the seas for several years.  The populations of sea life would explode.  But good luck with that.  We will just fish the seas dry.
Yet people keeping having kids. It’s crazy.
People of Earth, fear not! Rest assured if the major media outlets in the good ol U.S.A. are carrying a story in unison, you can be damn sure its pure propaganda! Journalistic integrity died with the 2016 election, Remember all those poles that said Hillary has no chance of loosing? that just one example! if our media talks about it, its propaganda.  SHAME ON YOU MEDIA
"We have become the impatient species, too busy to let nature replenish itself and too puffed up with our own sense of importance to acknowledge our utter dependence on its generosity." - David Suzuki
Scary movie 🍿 😨
Tragic that this topic is ignored by most people and government when they have the knowledge and power to stop it, reverse it, prevent it. They won’t. Stop having so many children.
Interesting
The Planet Earth is resilient and WILL survive Humanity. We humans must act to protect ourselves. Through preserving nature and adopting strict conservationist behaviors, humanity has a chance to save itself. The Earth will no doubt be just fine, without us.
Keep voting conservative. Science denying republicans are why we’re here in the first place. We can’t eat or breath money.
1.8 Billion is more accurate. Overshoot will become much more apparent with increasing rapidity, year upon year, from this moment forward.
2 Esdras 16:1-78 "Woe to you, Babylon🗽 , and Asia! woe to you, Egypt, and Syria! Gird up yourselves with sackcloth and garments of hair, and bewail your children, and lament; for your destruction is at hand. A sword is sent upon you, and who is he that may turn it back? A fire is sent upon you, and who is he that may quench it?   *Plagues are sent upon you, and who is he that may drive them away?*   May one drive away a hungry lion in the wood? or may one quench the fire in stubble, when it has once begun to burn? May one turn again the arrow that is shot of a strong archer?   *The Lord God sends the plagues, and who shall drive them away?*   A fire shall go forth from his wrath, and who is he that may quench it? He shall cast lightning, and who shall not fear? he shall thunder, and who shall not tremble? The Lord shall threaten, and who shall not be utterly broken in pieces at his presence?  The earth quaketh, and the foundations thereof; the sea arises up with waves from the deep, and the waves of it shall be troubled, and the fishes thereof also, at the presence of the Lord, and before the glory of his power: for strong is his right hand that bendeth the bow, his arrows that he shooteth are sharp, and shall not miss, when they begin to be shot into the ends of the world.   *Behold, the plagues are sent forth, and shall not return again, until they come upon the earth.*   The fire is kindled, and shall not be put out, till it consume the foundations of the earth. Like as an arrow which is shot of a mighty archer returns not backward, even so the evils that are sent forth upon earth shall not return again.   *Woe is me! Woe is me! Who will deliver me in those days?*  The beginning of sorrows, and there shall be great mourning; the beginning of famine, and many shall perish; the beginning of wars, and the powers shall stand in fear; the beginning of plagues, and all shall tremble!   *What shall they do in all this when the plagues shall come?*  Behold, famine and plague, tribulation and anguish! they are sent as scourges for amendment. But for all these things they shall not turn them from their wickedness, nor be always mindful of the scourges.  Behold, food shall be so good and cheap upon earth, that they shall think themselves to be in good case, and even then shall evils grow upon earth, sword, famine, and great confusion. For many of them that dwell upon earth shall perish of famine; and the other, that escape the famine, shall the sword destroy.  *And the dead shall be cast out as dung, and there shall be no man to comfort them: for the earth shall be left desolate, and the cities thereof shall be cast down.*  There shall be no husbandman left to till the earth, and to sow it. The trees shall give fruit, and who shall gather them? The grapes shall ripen, and who shall tread them? for in all places there shall be a great forsaking: for one man shall desire to see another, or to hear his voice.  For of a city there shall be ten left, and two of the field, which have hidden themselves in the thick groves, and in the clefts of the rocks. As in an orchard of olives upon every tree there be left three or four olives, or as when a vineyard is gathered there be some clusters left by them that diligently seek through the vineyard; even so in those days there shall be three or four left by them that search their houses with the sword.  And the earth shall be left desolate, and the fields thereof shall be for briers, and her ways and all her paths shall bring forth thorns, because no sheep shall pass there through. The virgins shall mourn, having no bridegrooms; the women shall mourn, having no husbands; their daughters shall mourn, having no helpers. In the wars shall their bridegrooms be destroyed, and their husbands shall perish of famine.  *Hear now these things, and understand them, you servants of the Lord. Behold, the word of the Lord, receive it: disbelieve not the things whereof the Lord speaks.*   Behold, the evils draw near, and are not slack. Like as a woman with child in the ninth month, when the hour of her delivery draweth near, within two or three hours doleful pains compass her womb, and when the child comes forth from the womb, there shall be no tarrying for a moment: even so shall not the evils be slack to come upon the earth, and the world shall groan, and sorrows shall take hold of it on every side.  *O my people, hear my word: make you ready to the battle, and in those evils be even as pilgrims upon the earth.*   He that selleth, let him be as he that fleeth away: and he that buys, as one that will lose: he that occupieth merchandise, as he that has no profit by it: and he that builds, as he that shall not dwell therein: he that sows, as if he should not reap: so also he that pruneth the vines, as he that shall not gather the grapes: they that marry, as they that shall get no children; and they that marry not, as the widowed.  Inasmuch as they that labor labor in vain; for strangers shall reap their fruits, and spoil their goods, overthrow their houses, and take their children captive, for in captivity and famine shall they beget their children: and they that traffick traffick to become a spoil: the more they deck their cities, their houses, their possessions, and their own persons, the more will I hate them for their sins, says the Lord.  Like as a right honest and virtuous woman hates a harlot, so shall righteousness hate iniquity, when she decketh herself, and shall accuse her to her face, when he comes that shall defend him that diligently searcheth out every sin upon earth.  Therefore be you not like thereto, nor to the works thereof. For yet a little while, and iniquity shall be taken away out of the earth, and righteousness shall reign over us.  Let not the sinner say that he has not sinned: for he shall burn coals of fire upon his head, which says, I have not sinned before God and his glory. Behold, the Lord knows all the works of men, their imaginations, their thoughts, and their hearts.  Who said, Let the earth be made; and it was made: Let the heaven be made; and it was made. And at his word were the stars established, and he knows the number of the stars. Who searcheth the deep, and the treasures thereof; he has measured the sea, and what it contains. Who has shut the sea in the midst of the waters, and with his word has he hanged the earth upon the waters. Who spreadeth out the heaven like a vault; upon the waters has he founded it. Who has made in the desert springs of water, and pools upon the tops of the mountains, to send forth rivers from the height to water the earth.   Who framed man, and put a heart in the midst of the body, and gave him breath, life, and understanding, yes,  *the spirit of God Almighty.*   He who made all things, and searcheth out hidden things in hidden places, surely he knows your imagination, and what you think in your hearts. Woe to them that sin, and would hide their sin!   Forasmuch as the Lord will exactly search out all your works, and he will put you all to shame. And when your sins are brought forth before men, you shall be ashamed, and your own iniquities shall stand as your accusers in that day.   *What will you do? or how will you hide your sins before God and his angels?*  Behold, God is the judge, fear him: leave off from your sins, and forget your iniquities, to meddle no more with them for ever: so shall God lead you forth, and deliver you from all tribulation.  For, behold, the burning wrath of a great multitude is kindled over you, and they shall take away certain of you, and feed you with that which is slain to idols. And they that consent to them shall be had in derision and in reproach, and be trodden under foot of them.  For there shall be in various places, and in the next cities, a great insurrection upon those that fear the Lord. They shall be like mad men, sparing none, but spoiling and destroying them that still fear the Lord. For they shall waste and take away their goods, and cast them out of their houses.   Then shall be manifest the trial of mine elect; even as the gold that is tried in the fire.  Hear, O you mine elect, says the Lord: behold, the days of tribulation are at hand, and I will deliver you from them. Be you not afraid, neither doubt; for God is your guide: and you who keep my commandments and precepts, says the Lord God, let not your sins weigh you down, and let not your iniquities lift up themselves.  Woe to them that are fast bound with their sins, and covered with their iniquities, like as a field is fast bound with bushes, and the path thereof covered with thorns, that no man may travel through! It is even shut off, and given up to be consumed of fire.”
No wonder so many good hearted people are depressed
hey americans (~consumers), its not just about population but about how much one consumes!
The agenda of growing population is not true! Because of birth control, abortion, cancer, viruses human population is declaining. There in not enough young people to tace care of the older.
There is no excuse for humans selfish, irresponsible actions towards the earth. This news is beyond tragic and scary. I wish more people, the youth, were more aware and appreciated the significance of these findings and work harder to try and reverse the damage.  I would never bring a child into this world.  This is so sad.
all stupid here.
A good reason to depopulated the earth!!!
Humans are like locusts, we live to consume but our consumption goes much further than vegetation,  The only way to save the planet is to reduce the population and reduce consumption of goods we don't really need
Catastrophic events? Let's take a look at the weather...our planet is recovering the only way it knows how....massive storms.
First Americans said it years ago .. only after we have eaten the last fish is when we will realize you can't eat money .. smh
I will take extinction over the solutions brought by social lunatics
Surely that statement is off. Even you should know by now that it's a matter of how we mishandle this planet and its amazing resources - by greed more than ignorance. Being honest about the situation, assessing correctly the problems which include the destruction of perfectly good food for the aim of upholding premium prices, and radical revamping of our deliberate processes to support nature instead of exploiting it past the level of sustainability can produce the means for feeding more creatures incl. predatory us into the future. The big question is who is interested in doing this - while foregoing direct 'profit'. Thanks for giving the example of maintaining the jungle as one modest example. Bits add up - the whole is more than the sum of the pieces - and nature has an amazing ability to reconfigure itself, once we stop interfering with it. Man is the biggest problem we have.
Oh this is BS. We can manage this better. We just have stupid politicians, corporatists and an idiot media.
Don't worry...the giant asteroid is coming. Don't worry the super volcano is about to erupt. It's all going to be OK. Go shopping, buy thing that you don't need with money you don't have.  Tomorrow....we'll worry about it tomorrow. Peace
Remember when 60 minutes used to have credibility.
wee need ww3
Dont wear masks during pandemics, thats the way to fix this. Im just kidding but stop making babies please
Ha Ha Just wait until we run out of fresh water.
I can't be the only one who heard the expletive @7:57 😂😂😂
I'm just guessing that if it's happened multiple times according to science it appears to be a natural phenom and most likely has nothing to do with the human population but I'm certain that in some lab somewhere, science is working on a population control solution that will be coming soon to a community near you. In the mean time, Save the Salmon.
I can't wait for the extinction of humanity, we will finally learn
George Carlin quotes  ""The planet will be here its us that will not be"
And this is why "they" want to cull the herd. However climate change will happen regaurdless of human activity. There are other factors involved that have huge impacts.
We are f....
Oh my God!!
We need more of this kind of reporting, a relentless messaging that tells people what they can do.
Worlds population can fit in texas but everyone needs their 100 acres and 4k calorie diet
That’s cool and all but I’m not paying someone to keep the planet alive that’s like a villain taking over.  Tell them mofos to go find another job we trying to save our planet  Stupid just dumb stupid
The end is near and only the rich will benefit and the poor will pay as usual.
nature have many ways to get rid of its problem.
Im not breeding
And yet capitalism reigns supreme…at some point after a extreme catastrophe people will realize life is not about money.
STOP MAKING BABIES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Amondo can consult cannabis-but he never got entrapped for slaning (WEED? HOW CAN THAT BE!) ...oh he's not a blk male, blackmailed! as he said he have been fortunate to have did ALOT OF THING$ 😌
The U.S! Aprox 5% of earths total population. - Consumes over 30% of total global resources. And with china, U.S shares the position as worst environmental polutor of the industrial nations.  So stop cry and complain. The "american way of life" has to change. Or you americans will drag the rest of us down with you.
Klaus Schwab and Bill Gates definitely approve this message.  Don't lose sight of the key point: @7:29 "The planet's gonna be fine."
Monsanto big tech have poisoned the waters all over the world and sixty minutes is covering it up,covering up the truth for this 80 year cycle is over,done,gone,extinction is here!!!?
So California hunted their bears to extinction and the natives fished too much along with Americans + we built dams that ruined salmons spawning locations. And 60 minutes is going to try and spin that into human overpopulation? 😂  Ridiculous
I cannot imagine what North American natives think of the British and other Europeans who made a home here roughly 400 years ago. Entrepreneurs can find other ways to make money as a collective, rather than a singular capitalistic force.
@4.42 that's Nairobi National park in Kenya.
yet we keep reaching billion population landmarks
It doesn’t help that we pull more water from our rivers to feed 100 times the acreage of vineyards that there were during the 70s. Plus the pot plants need water. The Russian River still look like a river in the summertime when I was a kid in fact they would float lots of canoes down it a guy made a handsome living floating hundreds of confused on it now you can’t hardly get a rubber ducky to sale down the Russian puddle that it is.
Imagine bragging about 200 million worth of Salmon and having 5 fishing boats and wondering where the fish have gone. 🤷‍♀️🤷‍♀️.
Overpopulation, resources being used for electronics, mechanical, and everyday living items are being used up at a fast rate. We will run out of resources at this rate.
SOLAR FLARE CYCLES DICTATES SOUL EVOLUTION THROUGHOUT THE UNIVERSE INCLUDING EARTHS MASS EXTINCTION EVENTS.
Remember the cutting of Forrest started with corporations started deforestation Monsanto led the way Bear led the way!!?
The United Nations should come to agreement the every single Country should limit each family to 3 chidren per household.
The WWF has been debunked many times... humans occupy about 3% of earth's surface.   Funny how you guys want to advocate depopulation. What are you going to do? Put people in gas chambers??   The earth can easily sustain 11 billion people. Look it up.
We are wasting our wood resourcess on marketing utilizing paper ads either thru mail solicitations or publications. The packaging industry and delivery of products in ornate card board boxes that are sometimes for food products, and other merchandise is just another way we are destroying our wood resources.  This is just in the United States, imagine the scale of waste if you include other first world nations doing the same thing.    Who wants to drive along hills were there aren't any trees at the side of the road, essentilly no place for other species to take harbor?
WOW 🤯🤯🤯
What 60 minutes is telling us being the mouth piece of the evil ones we are being exterminated by poisons sprayed in the air for years!Yeats!! Good Day??
The only people that will watch this video are probably the people who do care.... with that being said let's see how many people watch this video
This has little to do with population increase but ok
Rampant harvesting of the Earth's resources just to put things on the shelves to rot.
Science is equivalent to magic the only difference is   Magic doesn’t require electricity.  And no one listens to magicians
It's not earth or the growth of populations as much as it is the rich who care about anything but money even if that meant destroying nature and wildlife.
fear mongering
I keep thinking of the minds of the Republican politicians and billionaires that want to breath and drink Money
I don’t think this is a problem that can be fixed. It’s already way too late. You’d have to completely change how the world works overnight. Something catastrophic would have to happen for the whole world to change overnight.
People don't understand the Earth will take care of itself. Sometimes things will go extinct! Like things have but animals will survive. And grizzley bears in California would be no ice to see again. But the beasts left California because of all the damn nuts in California
Show the tears at the end….. perfect touchy feely report….  All this means is Elon Musk is right….
People need to stop having kids, but no one has the balls to says that. Luckily both Gen Z and Millennial generations are having much fewer kids overall. Hopefully overtime this decreases the impact we are currently making using up the worlds natural resources.
We might not like it but population control is going to have to be a thing if we want to survive. The world just isn't big enough when far more money is spent on military and war than actually feeding the citizens of the planet.  If we think it's bad now, just wait till the first nuke flies. We know it's only a matter of time.
Califruity morons living with street people, while they whine about decimation of wildlife…  geez…
When they want the natural resources from a Country, move their people to their country and then exploiut the vacant resources of the removed, who they will owe nothing...
Absolute rubbish!
Humans, specially big corporations and Government have ruined this once precious world we live on.
They fail to vote to humen right
That wat they won't to see there future
It's heard wen people coming u spices and abouse u blocking u true evil
greedy people won't be extinct that's for sure. it seems you can't stop 🌍 natural cycle.
You allowed the population to reach pass 6 billion. You allowed the population pass 8 billion. The only fix now is to reduce to under 6 billion. So, go figure.
Yep. I recall reading about this in a textbook, in fourth grade, which would have been 1978.
It's the greed of corporations looking to make a fast buck who are tearing down forests and overfishing the oceans that is bleeding the world dry, not the majority of low wage earners who can't even afford to go and enjoy the places being ruined by the rich.  Low wage earners aren't the ones traveling the world shooting big game for fun.
It's sad for animals are doing for life
MSM together with UN and World Economic Forum want to keep the population scared so that the financial, political and academic elite can rule instead of the people. Could any of these people point to any animal spices that have gone extinct other than the dront. To claim that we now are going thru a sixth mass extinction is just nonsense. How about the extinction of most big animals in the Americas during the Younger Dryas 12500 years ago? It wasn't because of native americans.
I truly have no words to express how greedy humans are and in this dog eat dog world, there are no more dogs
66 billion years ago....crap
The California grizzly bear went extinct roughly 100 years ago. Grizzly bears could be reintroduced to California if this was really a safe environment for them.
TP John read The Lorax, at Woodleaf.
What will we do.
the only solution is to get rid of +70% of all humans and the earth would be fine
I read 'The Population Explosion' (1990) also by Paul Ehrlich, with Anne Ehrlich. Plus a few books by David Suzuki. Seems nobody listened to them and so, here we are.
If the planet survived 5 mass extinctions then it'll survive a 6th.
I thought it was just in America... A said a few years ago when traveling to New Jersey and New York,, people can't keep trampling on each other and living jam packed together and expect anything good in the future..
can you see the forest? HUMAN answered no and cut down the trees
this world would be a better place without one species!
Problem is they might still gut the forest so you would have to keep a eye on them after paying
Maybe a asteroid need to swipe out human, so the planet can reboot with a fresh start.
Lies, lies, and more lies
1:42  Species and populations are not the same thing...  What so ever.
This year I haven’t heard or seen the eastern spin bill what was a local small beautiful honey eater. They have been coming every year until now and when I go on my local walks I no longer hear them. Traffic has taken most of the echidnas. They were common not now.
This world is just preparation for the next! I say we are in big trouble by 2040
Capitalism requires infinite expansion on a finite planet. In order for businesses to outcompete eat other they must eat or be eaten. This requires infinite expansion. HUMANS ARENT TAKING OVER THE LAND, CAPITALISM IS. They shift blame on humanity in the abstract to distract us from the real cause bc they don't want to give up their wealth.   If we change our economy to a production for USE model rather than production for profits and exchange we will be okay. We are running out of time. The only people who will suffer are those who aren't rich. They'll move to safe zones while the rest of us suffer. Let's make them stop.
“Why do you feel so emotionally attached to this?”  Good show and i hate to troll, but kind of a dumb question to ask a Native who’s tribe has been fishing here for over 1,000 years.
Can't be saved.  Humans are too self serving to prevent eventual extinction.  That's why billionaires are exploring other planets like Mars, etc.
DEVILopers.. AZTECAS SAID THIS IS THE FIFTH SUN... ALL OTHERS COLLAPSED
Study fair cake cut theory . Dividing wealth for each having an opportunity of whom(s) already have land. A relator is a server and interest rate and time of return ROI and zoning laws are ingredients. Borrowers and renters are the meals.   The way to live along with nature is human innovation of kind in allowing talent of ability. Building taller buildings that have studios and tall buildings with one bedroom and spread them out with mixed commercial/residential zoning and quality public transportation.   The reason extinction of ourselves is upon us and results in die off of rest is because the art of cake slicing among land owners and banking system that is actually the baker.  https://youtu.be/cBjvsbRu6Gc
IT'S LIFE UNFORTUNATELY
There are too many people - I agree with that one - about 2x too many
We need to utilize what we have already cut down and leave the rest alone....
mainstream media... always must find the 'hope'... when people actually realize... that a dystopian future will be seen by the generations alive today... mass famine, mass migration, floods, drought, disease/pestilence, resource wars, civil unrest at a scale unseen in history, authoritarian oppressive rule... dead forests... dead seas...  right around the corner... and there is nothing going to be done about it. When you realize that... social order falls apart even faster.
Well agenda 30 should go along way to help as population reduction kicks in globally. If we stop industrial farming and reverted to regenerative farming, if populations were educated on where and how their foods originate we may have a more balanced approach to living in harmony with nature.
Notsook Tamina
Start letting the city's and wasted land grow back up areas not being used. And plant fruit trees and stuff. And let the wildlife merge with population with respect..
75% less of 8 billion is 2 billion. Sounds good. Might just fix global warming too if 6 billion people vanish.
Honestly, Friends.., decades ago, many of Us were once.., very very concerned about umm..  'The Environment, Preservation, Rivers, Streams, Preventing Forest Fires, and Air Pollution.  Thing is.., as the decades have passed.., because so many corporations and people no longer 'really seem to care about any of that; including Poverty and Homelessness.., so sorry, but  I and Many Others....., so sorry.., really don't care much if at all anymore.. Yes, we do appreciate 60 Minutes doing reports like this one, but the problems never seem to change. In-fact, they seem to get worse as time passes. So the question becomes: '?Who really cares anymore.., because I know I don't; ...not anymore..., sigh..'
We're fu**ed!!
I see it here in my home state. The things that existed when I was a child I no longer see. Fish, birds, certain mammals. Invasive species taking over. Honey bees are rare to see now. It’s been happening worse since the mid 90’s.
This story is eugenics propaganda
I just don't buy the requisite "hope" angle. Corporate news and news specials can't resist pushing the "hope" propaganda because they're not allowed to tell the truth. Their minders don't allow them to tell the real story; terrestrial life ain't got 5 years left. What can possibly be meant by "humanity" surviving a sixth mass extinction? Apex species don't survive extinctions of this size and uniquely rapid rate of habitat destruction. Species cannot adapt that quickly.
Since the early 70s the alarm to stop burning the Amazon has been ringing and nothing happens.  Over fishing, polluting the seas and the air.  The human population deserves to die down 2/3rds.  I’ve had a good life and won’t see another 10 years, but I’d cry if I was a kid born today.
Let’s hope it wipes out the organisms responsible for causing such extinction. It’s the least this extinction could do.
You got it - truth is Great Stuff!!! Thx
Mismanagement, greed and overvalued unnecessary luxuries is what the world can not sustain not the population, im sure we can handle double the current population easily.
🧢
It’s not an extinction crisis   it’s an over population crisis and no one has ever done anything about it
Well damn.
Stop making more humans. Problem solves itself. But Cali and AZ grass needs to be watered. Seriously?
So who gets to decide who lives? Bill Gates?
Nothing gonna change unless China and India are onboard.
one way to stop the damage from human just take a look from Chernobyl zone, Oh My God, both animals and plants cherish so welll in their own habitants they deserve
Capitalism is the disease.
Humanity survive a natural calamity?  Humanity IS the natural calamity.
Don’t worry Biden will take of it.  Open borders to reduce our resources further. Giving Zewlensky money and weapons to create more pollution and death.
If the science (one guy) is right… 😂  That one guy has been wrong for 60 years
At last someones listened  ive been bangin  on about this for 2  decades while idiots breed  id support a licence to breed in the UK say 2 million quid per kid ,every penny goes into houses or hospitals or making the ones we have better ,NOT private prison factories for migrants
What China did with the 1-child policy WAS the most effective and logical way to slow down this inevitability and gave humanity a brief life line.  We all should learn from this. Unfortunately we live by our cultural traditions, religious customs, ethnic values, or personal beliefs that over emphasize having as many progeny as possible.  When life for human specie is on the verge of extinction, then we as a specie will learn.
China, India and Africa is responsible for most of this.
ACTUALLY this is all just woke propaganda, go grow some brains peeps OMG, its not over population, the rate of extinction from breeding is enough or more of a serious problem! I could explain how I'm probably right but not gonna bother with you woke clown sheep, good luck serving globalist!
Smoke your weed and carry on. They don’t want u to care.
WWF is a scam, yes we are in trouble, but not for the reasons we are bombarded with. greed is the problem
Yes Trump and his Fascist want to start WW3 after the new American Civil War
Yet... there are people ok with making fun of and ignoring Greta Thunberg all the time.
No one told us the apocalypse would be so expensive 😭
I've lived in my current home in the northeast US for around 50 years. In that time, I've seen 90% of bird species disappear, wildlife which used to be plentiful is now rarely seen, and although I grown plants which usually attract bees, few ever show up anymore. Half the trees have been cut down in the area because people don't want to deal with falling leaves and pine cones, and wetlands are slowly being destroyed (illegally). Small forests in the area have disappeared, and houses are being built in their place.  There's no political will to face this kind of situation, and try to reverse it. People, in general, just don't care, or bury their heads in the sand, thinking that we will somehow magically survive the coming crises. I've been discussing population explosion for decades hoping that people will take it seriously, and what I've found out is that most people are too attached to gross consumerism without any thought to the inevitable consequences of their actions. At this point, I'm convinced that the only solution will be that nature will take care the problem, and we'll see more disease and famine, leading to another deadly world war... and that time may not be as far away as we think.
Eye opening..
This is why there is no need to force women to have unwanted children when they are not ready (physically/emotionally/financially). Not everyone deserves a child but every child born deserves a good home.
the current generation of children are going to experience the Collapse and extinction
We're all completely f*cked and it's 100% our fault
As a species we are in denial from climate change to habitat change,loss of species,pollution, deforestation,insects like bees that pollinate.We are too busy with our lives to care till it bites us in the rear.Then we will go into panic mode.
Humans, labeled as the most intelligent species by humans
The images of crowded cities associated with the narration on overconsumption isn't a good match. Show us the mansions with private roads and acres of unused land. That's a better representation
I agree let's get rid of the useless people Reporters Activists Politicians Those that work for the government If we get rid of the dead weight we will be fine
Kurt Vonnegut said the tipping point may have been when we first started mining oil in Pennsylvania in 1859.  There were 1.2 billion people then. Edward Abbey: "Growth for the sake of growth is the ideology of the cancer cell."
Hate to break it to you but the only way we're ever going to be able to stop climate change we would have to stop being human
Not an overpopulation problem at all.  It’s a GREED and SELFISH and MORAL problem.  We’re not running out of water.  We don’t live in a vacuum.  It’s just being improperly redistributed because of the pollution and greedy lifestyles.
Too many people, having their yards sprayed by Chem-lawn , are keeping clover from growing and thus NO HONEY BEES!!
Wow; this was a great great video.   Gave me an existencial crisis for sure
There aren't too many people...There's too much greed and too little respect for our mother earth.
Conservative dogmatism has lead to this.
I cannot stand human life
I'm outta here in 30 years..... Your kids can eat my trash.
This planet is very large, stop spreading fake news
The animals and insects go, and we go. And the average human just doesn't get it.
As an example, What do the fishermen expect? One of the guys complaining about his livelihood ‘Bryanez” (spelling) has FIVE idle fishing boats! He was OK when he was pulling in huge profits from huge catches, now he complains there are no more fish. I am currently living in Thailand where fish is favorite and i cannot see how my kids grand children will even know what fish taste like. This is all unsustainable. This is a great documentary but is more important than a ‘Presidential’ announcement. It should be law to broadcast it on ALL channels at the same time. Get the message out!
We are destroying our planet that God gave us to enjoy. 😭😭😭
lies
And those Ai Robots must be the first to go, face all the dangers, solve all the problems with the new found planet because they say they are more intelligent than us and  to keep them away and busy to avoid “human hate”.  We the humans will go when everything is clear and ready.  Sounds better  right? Better than talking all the negative over populated theory.
Crying farggin indian you gotta be kidding me
Crying Indian and everything
"We've had it."  It's over, and the people who made it happen won't even have to admit to their hubris and lies.
We have respect and love for mother earth for the 18 years since we bought our home. We live on 7 1/2 acres of wooded land with a big creek through the middle. 1/4 of it is used for farming vegetables and flowers. I plant trees every year, we do not allow any hunting on the property. it is a haven for the wildlife. There are deer, black bear, fisher cats, porcupines, raccoon, fox, coyotes, and many more. We have free ranging chickens (we just consume the eggs). We have been blessed with this little piece of Heaven and plan to keep it as natural as possible! We reuse most of the things that get thrown out for art projects, gardening, etc. In the spring the mountain provides water to feed a man made  pond on one side of the property.
Pick up the pace. Sounds like you're talking to children.
Political censorship of dissenting voices (Gordon Wilson, Marco Morano, Naomi Seibt, etc) goes to show that this is really not about science and being objective so stop whining when people have questions and think for themselves
Humans are a cancer on the surface of the planet. The good news is that the planet will heal, and rebound after the Anthropocene.  Say 10 million years.
5 fishing boats doesn't indicate proof of extinction it means folks like him are the reason for extinction and has nothing to do with supporting his family but everything to do with greed and destruction
We are walking blindly into the ABBY'S. WE MUST REDUCE THE POPULATION.😒😒😒😒.
It's okay the governments of the world have plenty of plagues on the way to wipe out most of the world population.
Not one scientist would go against the climate change psychological operation you say. I'd say MISSION ACCOMPLISHED
ATTENTION YOU ARE CONSUMING PROPAGANDA
Over fishing not mentioned I noticed it n ur excuse list
The "way of life" seems a selfish outlook. Hundreds of species have been decimated. What of their "way of life?"
Well we don’t have to worry anymore Covid is culling humans thanks to China
What size was your WEF check?
Save the apex species or we will die.
It’s hard and improper to say it but the ONLY way out is to drastically reduce human population. If we can’t do it ourselves, Nature will do it.
It’s a matter of time scale. It took hundreds of millions of years for lives to come back after each massive extinction but we, humans, were not there n hundreds of millions years time scale does not register to our brains.This time, the coming 6th massive extinction, human will probably won’t live through it. Whether lives will come back after another hundreds of millions of year won’t matter to humans as will be extinct.
Millions of years of ecosystem evolution and carbon sequestration wiped out in a relative heartbeat. Yeah. It's not sustainable.
And those populations, religions who say excess family growth has no consequence or doesn't matter. Should look at what that is causing. Arrogant reduction of God's house of animalsca consequence. Number of children to families occurs mostly in poorer countries. And those govts. refuse or no interest to interfere in controlling pulation. .
"He was Wrong about that"... The Polar Ice Caps Are Melting !!! On Mars ! That Ain't "Fossil FOOLS" and Cow Farts ! It's the Sun getting Hotter and Heating Up the Whole Solar System.  Climate Change is a HOAX !
Scientists dont know anything... More bs propaganda...  Humans didnt cause anything,  we are still in a warming cycle coming out of the ice age... of course its going to get warmer.
What this segment missed on though is that it’s not so much the amount of people inhabiting the world, as it is to what extent we inhabit it. 11:41 is showing people in India(?), when talking about sustainable population. However, their ecological footprint, along with people in rural areas of Africa and Asia are much, much (!) less than the average American or European. They consume less. That creates a false narrative where we in the west pushes the sustainability issues onto the poorer countries and people, whereas it’s actually us who are consuming too much,..
Too many Indian and Chinese in the world.
Everyone on earth is a blood sucker
Obama was the one that made Ukraine give up nukes
Drink beer 🍺 smoke 💨 dope be happy and marry
Farming based on drenching everything in chemicals has been disastrous
Hebrews 1:10-11 And, Thou, Lord, in the beginning hast laid the foundation of the earth; and the heavens are the works of thine hands: 11 They shall perish; but thou remainest; and they all shall wax old as doth a garment;
Hundreds of bush animals are being killed because when new roads are being made they cut off the water supply by making roads between the bush and the rivers with no under or over passes for animals to get to their drinking water.
Stop salmon fishing for a while and start eating sharks plenty of them and more nutritious. To maintain the animals from extinction start eating lions crocodiles  alligators and anaconda they are the one who consume  everything  in the wild and hunt a few wildebeest buffalos and zebra. Wildogs and hyena should be eliminate. To control over population we  need to ask Japan and Germany  they are the expert in population declining. Finally we have to support Elon Musk, NASA Jeff Amazon and the aspiring new world explorers to find another planets or place in the universe.The new world order is not killing mass people  anymore but multiply as long as we want and still have a place to go.  Cheers
This means soon we might have to carry our own cups to Starbucks, then we wash them. We tried it at the grocery store; carry our own cloth bags, but that didn’t last long enough, plastic bags became more handy during Covid. No matter what we did, humanity will double in size, because we have a reproductive system that will continue to add to earth population.  Wish more people see this report.🌿
John P. Holdren's 1977 paper called EcoScience, Population, Resources, Environment spelt it out very clearly in just 1,800 pages. We exceeded Earth's Carrying Capacity decades ago. The Club of Rome has been echoing this for fifty years in Limits to Growth. Even Hollywood has been warning us.
How do I know you are not spreading fake news after so many lies from this channel? . You are not trustworthy.
I thought covid was introduced as a mass out of humankind.
I am 51, glad I’ll be dead in twenty years. In 2008 I maxed out my credit in 2008 for $150,000 and my credit is good now, in a few years when I have another 35 credit cards 💳 I will max them out again for $200,000. I supplement my income with shoplifting and pillaging. 🖕🏼the world 🌎
Big question, how to get the whole capitalist “dream” to stop over consuming. Personally, I’ve super simplified while improving my whole healthy food consumption.
How about a predatory Chinese fishing fleet that devastates entire regions..ILLEGALLY!
I have noticed the us rays have been burning my rosebuds off and burning my vegetable seedlings.I also am being burnt by the up rays inspite of sp 50 cream and being covered up and wearing broad brim hats. Guess it’s because I live in Tasmania which has really high up index ratings all through Summer.
I heard if you took every person in the world, 8 billion and stacked everyone standing up back to back shoulder to shoulder all people could fit in Pensilvania. There is plenty of room. There isn’t enough greed for the rich, real god loving Christian. Lol
Business/greed whats destroying the planet
blame medication and vaccines and organ transplants...get rid of them adn youll celar up this problem no worries. Theres scientists that want humans to live till 200 yrs old.....how bout get rid of THOSE scientists that are being funded by billionaires to TRY and prolong life 100 years to long. How bout DONT create covid vaccines and let nature do it sthing? Why arent these scientists and climate change activists going after the medical industry? its their fault are lives are longer.
Has anyone seen the movie don’t look up? Here we are.
Amen adapt to survive things will reach the worst we've ever seen in history
"Might have to survive in" is a bit soft dont you think.  Might not survive, hows your superior species doing now hoomans
I wish I was alive in another time
And people get so upset when I say I want seven billion people to disappear!!!
just keep spraying the skies
Not true, just need a different way. It’s the way things are being done. Politicians with vested interests profiteering.
Thanks. I needed something good to watch on the treadmill for my New Years resolution 🎉
I'm only a minute in, and they've already lost a ton of credibility.  The Population Bomb prediction made a very measurable prediction that humans would not be able to FEED themselves by 1970.  The prediction has been thoroughly debunked.  Yes, we do still have starvation on our planet, but the starvation rate is actually LOWER today than when the prediction was made.  That doesn't mean there isn't a real issue here, but if a program is willing to misrepresent such a well-known and clearly debunked theory in such a disingenuous way and is also willing to put it in the prime viewing time of the first minute, what other research might they completely misrepresent or outright lie about in the rest of the program?
Feb. 23rd some moving to 5,6,7th dimension.
Holy crap  I'm really not trying to be overly dramatic but Soylent Green may really not be that far off now. What I mean is if you look at the rate at which the world is losing species, and without diversity all it'll take is one really bad 100% terminal avian flu and our food supply is gone.  Terrifying
I like the idea of paying families to not cut down the rainforest I always thought a similar method could be used for poachers I mean they now just as much about the animals they poach than anyone educate them on the revenue that these legendary animals bring and train them to watch over these animals instead of pach them convince them that a steady income is much better than killing the last of the animals for fast cash
Sounds like to me.... more researchers need more money... so now it's that time of year..  js
It has been for decades.
Here's an eye-opening documentary on one of the causes of this next mass extinction.  https://youtu.be/nV04zyfLyN4
Thank religion for all the extra people and no abortions
I have noticed a lot less skunks 🦨 and more homeless people, they must be eating them
Great reporting of an eye opening and scary subject that future generations will pay a heavy price for the indiscretions of the past ones ,
We deserve nothing better
And these same overpopulation zealots are pushing reducing C02 emissions WHICH 100% kills the environment, which is the OPPOSITE of what they claim. Lies Lies Lies is what we have here. The TRUTH is we need HIGHER CO2 levels for a vibrant Earth, HIGHER carbon levels.
Hello? “The Sixth Extinction” by Elizabeth Kolbert was published in 2014.  Over eight years ago.
Billionaires will survive a sixth mass extinction. They've prepared themselves with bunkers and stores of food. Bill Gates has purchased vast acres of fertile farmland. When the extinction is over, and 75% of humanity has ceased to exist, they'll be ready to rebuild society with their patents and copyrights at the head of the table.
Well, our population will soon peak and then slowly decline as birth rates drop. We will all go the way of Japan, old and shrinking population...
When people say there is not enough food, resources, necessities, or housing for a global population of 8 billion and growing they don't understand that it is by design. "There is no political will to make changes."  Our policy-makers have been bought out by profiteers and all life on Earth will suffer for it if nothing changes soon. I wish the power was actually ours.  "We produce enough food to feed every human being on Earth, with plenty to spare, but the inherent traits of capitalism disincentivize a common sense allocation of resources in favor of maximizing profit."- Second Thought Channel
All these people are nuts
Not too many people,  A few bad intelligent ones are killing the earth with their chemical intelligency. Biological and chemical weapons that has been created by few groups of people to destroy eath natural life. If you guys stop this criminality. Earth and humans has no problem.
Thank you 60 minutes for this concise, direct, easily understood and well presented video.
Pollution. Not too many people. What a load of crap
I don't understand how my fellow conservatives dismiss climate change as bosh. It frustrates me to no end.
We are saving the planet .CO2 was down to dangerously low levels .Levels so low that all green plant life may have died out in 1 million years .
Humanity is sustainable. Capitalism is not.
Extra CO2 is all good news .Plant food no1 .We have greened the planet so can feed a bigger population
Sunlight is the only external energy coming into earth. Only plants were able to convert sunlight into useable energy for other living thing. More human means less plants left for other animals. Even if human didn't harvest these wild life,  we are still going to wipe them out...
It is only unsustainable ... if you use the US figures for consumption..... Each US person is using the world resources required for 3 people...
I read The Population Bomb in the 70's, and it stayed with me; we have over populated our planet knowingly. Thank you for interviewing the author! Wise man then, wiser man today.
Yearly bird count in New England done since the 1970s  shows a 46% decline in numbers of birds.    It's a bummer.
i wonder if climate change will be a reason for war in the future. if you think it should be now, it will be in the future. sad huh?
did the previous five extinctions in the world's existence take place since the industrial age which from it emerged overproduction of greenhouse emissions, carbon footprints and general ecological decay? seems as though the world has a cyclical pattern and it's coming around again, not through any external influence but of it's own nature.
Go Vegan!  Animal Agriculture the leading cause of deforestation, land usage, biodiversity lost, etc.
Happy New Year!! */s but! Maybe? we can get motivated and address these problems?
Nonsense, Demograpics show declining populations in all counties except those that limit  womens rights to contraception, which is mostly the Islamic and Catholic world. Overfishing is due to Corporate greed and their vast fish factory ships. This isnt Science its globalist propaganda
The world needs a hero but we're still waiting for Superman
And what we see in the world are more and more wars adding to the end of the world for getting more and more of the worlds resources…. Leading us to a even faster existence!
How has the human population passed 8b when tens of millions of people have died in the last couple of years and birthrates worldwide has dropped significantly? I don't buy this. It's sad that you can actually sell it
And we only just got out of last century carrying burden of world wars even after that much death not enough to make population growth in debt. And already back at 8 billion people living. Earth always had climate change. Earth isn't bias Takes humans, wild life, took mega fauna flora and atmosphere away sometimes it. A wrecking Doesn't discriminate  That's known standard.  Deep freeze coming.
So which one of these white scientists wants to tell black Africa to stop making so many babies?
Too bad tribe, go farm vacant lots!
That’s the sharpest 91 year old I have ever seen in my life. Wow
#1, create a moratorium on child birth #2, BAN and end all open pit mining #3, LIMIT petroleum consumption. #4, CREATE a community clean team to take action against polluters #5, Realize we r the only game n town and act accordingly. So much DAMAGE 2 repair.!!!!!
But where will my grandchildren go to skool!!!???
O damn. Get it together people
Humans need to be removed
No, ask how much robotman Elon is paying out!!! Pay Elon, pay, pay till it hurts MF!
The most powerful human "nations" have divided up this planet's resources, and they will be fighting over the dwindling remains in the coming years. The water shortages everywhere will be bad enough, but the general collapse of agriculture is going to be particularly devastating as well. I can't quite imagine what it's going to look like in 20-30 years, but I know that it will be ugly. We crossed the threshold of "sustainable population" AGES ago. And to think so many are still so ignorant of the problem, thinking we can just breed infinitely without repercussion despite being only another species of animal on this planet dependent on a multitude of other species. Our lesson will be a bitter, painful, and blunt one. Like a morning star with poisoned spike tips.
Just wait until a nuke goes off lmao.  Our population will turn into solely fat politicians and billionaires.
"Todd the shaker table is broken again!"
Maybee hoomaynz will extink themseves!
so so sorry for the animals.
Sad times
I don't suppose that the UN bio diversity conference is considering the possibility of exiling the Knights of Malta via convened military tribunals required higher authority?
I provide honey bees with water in the desert of Baja Sur, Mexico. Not for my gain at all, but to help sustain them. Because they're cool. Because they keep me company. And, they are, after all, honey bees - pollinators extraordinaire! Is there really any other reason necessary?!
Paul Erlich a good Jew! Stanford, Hitler Paradise!
My greatest happiness is the $28,000 weekly profit I get consistently
Thank you so much for this excellent reporting.  We are an invasive and destructive species.
All species will be magically more happy in ExileTheKnightsOfMaltaStan ExonerateAssangeville
waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy too many humans !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
WE DON'T AGREE
We have met the enemy & it is us. No political will….
Umm that would explain COVID the LGBTQ etc...
each family sacrifice a member.
It’s not fair that the majority of pollution is produced by a minority of the global population. Also no mention how global capitalism is to blame since it constantly creates unnecessary industries (fast fashion, for example), simply for the sake of continuous growth at the expense of natural resources and the environment
I remember Stanford University having a very nice coffee house.. other than that I don't have much positive to say
Roman inducted authoritative and immune supposed stewardship? Is a flat-out hoax and a clear war on language logic humanity and the planet.. science and Justice have fallen into the hands of a rabid mob
Earth deserves so much more than this.  Humans are a waste and hopefully, she will rid herself of them soon.
The question is how much difference are you personally making in your lifestyle ?
I don't think it's too much to say that these doomsday professors have narcissistic fish mouths? I'm asking
This is classic victim blaming as the classless classists blame the little people for existing.. as it was precisely the solar geoengineering intentional toxicity in formulations and emissions, causing the bulk of pollution, in addition to the USA military
Will some one please think of the shareholders!!!!
Human cochroaches
Arguably the problem with lacking emotional intelligence at Stanford University is secondary to its close proximity with Santa Clara
Theyv'e been telling us this stuff for a long time about a lot of stuff...But Now WE GONNA DIE sooner than we might have thought.
If this is so why are we importing more people by the millions into the countries that they claim are responsible for consuming too much?  If lack of rain is the problem why are we not seeding the clouds where things are drying up, supposedly we have the technology to do so? Maybe we should be consulting Israel they seem to be doing great reviving the desert land around them. 🤔
It's infuriating that "The Population Bomb" came out in 1968 and almost NOTHING about human attitudes on reproduction has changed. Many people still think having lots of children is a good thing! It is incredibly irresponsible, and it's based on some kind of insane egomania.
Who cares.
And what was Paul Erhlich's solution to the famine predication he got wrong? Oh yeah, forced sterilization by introducing sterilizing agents into the food and water supply. Nothing wrong with that right? Bill Gates  and the WEF will have us eating bugs,  owning nothing, and liking it, soon. What's next for the masses, Soylent Green? Of course none of that would apply to the elites.
Exile the Knights of Malta.. and stop the despotic depop agenda there's nothing honorable whatsoever behind it.. it's 100% about the obstruction of justice of inducted corrupted Roman minions
I wish this issue, along with habitat loss, and unsustainable agricultural practices, would get as much attention as the climate-crisis. Its all a very simple concept to grasp, it just has to be marketed properly and honestly.
If the science is right ? is not a rhetorical but a warning ⚠️
Yet the US has continually cut any form of family planning, first from our world charities and increasingly from our own population.  Why?
This planet CAN support a human population of 8-10 billion easily. It's just a question of how we manage the planet and we are more concerned with wars, individual wealth etc at the expense of looking after the planet that supports all life.
I wish I could believe these guys, but I can't. The media and government has lied, spun half-truths, politicized, and dramatized everything imaginable.  Let's not forget the many long-standing definitions that were change to accommodate the current narrative. When I was young there were problems, then there were crises, and now everything is an existential crisis!  The end of humanity and the world. Everything is filled with such drama and hype, people have become numb.  Like I said, I wish I could believe you, but I can't.
How can there be too many people if you can fit every person on the planet in one state shoulder to shoulder. Don’t be fooled by these liars.
Wow. Thanks for covering this.
Please stop breeding us out of a planet. Thanks !
If helping slow down this process means we voluntarily don’t reproduce, how many would volunteer? Thus this pandemic and vaccine takes that decision from us.
Propaganda Network
1 kid per country
If youre not alarmed now, then nothing will alarm you. This is some really scary stuff! We are literally KILLING LIVES!
It's flooding in Cali and is forecasted to flood again and again this week.
They seem like a fun couple
Terrifying
Capitalism is destroying the planet and its people. It only cares about profits and shareholder value. It's unsustainable and literally killing us.
Too many Americans?
13:00 at my blog I called this #ImitationExtinction like death by parasitic criminal narcissist
Deep down I think we all have always known that we couldnt keep going like this . Friends I think the truth has been told here. This is not misinformation. These are facts. Politicians dont want you to know this because it would mean they have less time to lie to you and take your money! BOOYAH !!
666
🤔😢
OMG  😭🌎😭
Utter and complete nonsense. There is zero evidence that a "mass extinction" is happening. Humans hunting bison and other species in the last couple centuries and decimating their populations were profound tragedies but humans also started protecting them so the species that weren't extirpated are rebounding, which is the opposite of a mass extinction. There are millions of species, from microbes to insects to larger animals. There is nothing that remotely looks like the past mass extinctions triggered by asteroid impacts or global vulcanism. This is the worst kind of statistical malpractice and hyperbole.
12:00 "It is everything were know" salmon are theirs and our human souls if you disrespect the human soul then nothing can live
The earth is evolving, and these people want to play henny-penny.  They talk about overpopulation - but we won't have enough people to operate the jobs we have now. Now, with AI - they are attempting to redistribute jobs to make them more AI supportive. Soon, they won't need you to make hamburgers or clean bathrooms. And when they don't need you, they won't hear you.
What do you expect with you have 1.4 billion people in India and China?
I lied to a doctor back when I got married so that I could get sterilized and never have kids. I don't understand why everyone is scared to say we need to create less children and that's literally the only solution, so I'll say it. We need to quit being baby factorys and adopt instead or just don't have kids, if you have to have a kid have one then stop, why is that unacceptable for so many people?
That so called green revolution that fed so many, it has hastened our demise. Growing in unsustainable ways is killing our soil and making us sick.
Key point It's not the population, It's the capitalism and infatuation with consumerism. And we MUST act differently NOW!
More and more insane Godless people today are calling for the elimination of human beings by any and all means; from forced sterilization to abortion, assisted suicide to infanticide, a man-made global pandemic and more.
Bullsh*t.. complete propaganda and mainstream deception.
Horrible future for so many.🙈
Climate scientists are misanthropic tree huggers in lab coats. I know where their loyalties lie.
Propaganda
I work in the USA in the restaurant business, 99% of all restaurant recyclables go right in the landfill, along with 50% of the food served. This is not sustainable. Wildlife has zero chance with humans gobbling everything up daily. It's sad to see a child drink water out of a plastic cup that gets thrown away 5 min later.
We all know the solution, and have for some time.
During the Tang Dynasty circa 700 AD, the Yellow River floods every year and wipe out probably hundreds of thousands people every year.  The plague during Middle Ages Europe wiped out large chunk of population.  We had pandemics throughout history and human population always found a way for massive growth afterwards.  60 Minutes is fake news at finest.
Wow 😢
That is why we had a pandemic. It is the natural reduction of the human population.
Get our industries and transportation systems complettly under ground. Create population centers that keep anyone who is not producing food in the country side. Maybe rethinking Chinas 1 child policy also wouldn't be a bad idear.  Also cut off the feet of the petro chemical & oil lobbies. So that maybe some urgently needed reforms of laws and regulations could be implemented.  I am not so sad for a fisher with 5 boats and already going strong with a food truck. We all will have to change, but there will be one thing that will hinder the needed change and that i am sure of is capitalism where the rich and powerful will secure the last steak for themselves aslong they are allowed to influence politics the same way they do right now. There are concepts out there we haven't tried out yet and should give a shot instead of doing it over and over the same way.
The virus or the vaccine or both were designed to solve the problem of overpopulation.
the solution is give all your power away to the demoncrats
Yet, economists are pushing for population growth.  I think they are nuts.  More people will mean a lower quality of life for everyone.
Second only to the atheistic theory of evolution, man-made global warming/climate change is the greatest hoax ever perpetrated by earth-worshiping zealots to steal trillions of your tax dollars to fund their false religion and lies.
I haven't seen a bird migration, one where the numbers of birds is unbelievable in years. I don't remember the last time I saw one. I used to see butterflies in the summer but not anymore, I don't see honey bees or praying manthis... the squirrels are scarce and the robins eat from our dumpsters nearby. The robins here look like they're on steroids they're so fat... they chirp constantly because it is never completely dark anywhere nearby. Everything is topsy turvy, things are missing and it is truly scary if you stop and pay attention. 😔
The man is right we are sitting on a limb that we are sawing. We need to become planet hoppers again or our species may not make it.
"The planet will shake us off like a bad case of fleas" -George Carlin
"Out of places to live" Mean while in australia, more than 50% of land is empty
Sucks that this is only a 13 minute clip.
We have been in a mass extinction since the Elder Dryas at least. All primarily human caused.
12:18 Are partially responsible for killing the goose that laid the golden eggs?
um....nope.
8:35 Sorry, these pay-outs reek of mafia-like tactics and profiteering. They are essentially grants to people so they do not engage in a criminal act. This is neither sustainable nor the answer.
60 min Overtime has a segment on agriculture. Both barely scratch the surface. I hope Frontline, Vice or Nova can cover this subject more extensively.
I’ve said this, since I can remember putting together what our role is on the Earth. We are the preservers, we have a knowledge and capability. That is our role, and we are failing miserably at
Don't worry, Putin has the answer in his missile silos.
Nuclear power will speed up the extinction process at ludicrous speed. Fukushima is doing a great job on the Pacific Ocean.
Paul Ehrlich has been proven wrong many times about multiple things. Why does the deadline of fear based motivation rhetoric and doomsday saying frequently get its prophesied expiration-date extended so often? Maybe cause it’s wrong? Hope is so much better! And won’t give the kiddies nightmares but instead something to work for.  A better world. Try these books for a change instead of Ehrlich’s fearful Necronomicon. A great one is “Factfulness” by Hans Rosling. Also “A Bright Future: How some Countries Have Solved Climate Change and the Rest can Follow” by Qvist and Goldstein. One with some direct response to this ‘6th extinction’ claim and Ehrlich in particular is “Apocalypse Never” by Shellenberger.  Maybe counter this paralytic fear-mongering with a little realistic positivity!
What can the average person do to combat this? My guess would be there is nothing one ordinary person can do that would have a material effect either way. It will take the cooperation of people and governments worldwide to save what is left. Chances of that are slim
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAH.What a lot of BULL
Jesus Christ of Nazareth is Lord and our savior DONT worry or fret he says for his hand is on everything and he is at the door 🚪 REPENT n give thx
7:55 - 10:58 “Mexican Ecologist Gerardo Cevalos is one of the world’s leading scientists on “EXTINCT-SHAWN” he told us that the only solution is to save the one-third of the Earth that remains wild. To prove it, he is running a 3 thousand square mile EXPERIMENT in the COLLECTIBLE BIOSPHERE RESERVE near Guatemala. (He said) to make a big impact we need to scale up this 10 thousand times … we then need to put all of the machinery of society (political, economic, social) toward finding solutions to the problems. The U.N. Biodiversity Conference held TWO WEEKS AGO, … in 2010 agreed to limit destruction of the Earth by 2020 and NOT ONE of those goals was met despite THOUSANDS of studies.”
WHY IS THIS SO HARD FOR YOU TO JUST REPORT THE NEWS NOT YOUR IDEAS?????? We don’t need your opinions we just need facts!!!!  First off the last grizzly in California was killed in 1924, not this generation or one before that. It was almost 100 years ago and they are only gone bc of the laws there that stop them from coming back.  70% of the worlds land is NOT inhabited, it maybe owned or federally land but it’s a FAR CRY from being homes everywhere. Just get in a plane and fly ANYWHERE. You could fit everyone on earth in tx with a ton of room to spare.   FINALLY SAYING SOMETHING SO SILLY LIKE OVER POPULATION IS OUT OF CONTROL. The complete opposite is happening RIGHT NOW, China right now, 2 times as many men as women, the US each family having less and less kids. This is all about the math and the math does not lie. You have to think of the long game here, it’s not hard. Populations will fall and people will starve.  We need more trees and need to stop burning trees for heating and cooking.  New stations this is not ok, we need the news. Act like adults and keep your opinions to yourself.
Cursed be the ground for our sake both thorns and thistles it shall bring fourth for us for out of the ground we where taken for the dust we are and to the dust we shall return . That basically means the earth doesn't belong to us we belong to the earth .   🌎🌏
Bye bye cruel world!! It should be bye bye stupid humans!!!
Should have done something decades ago. Fact is the end of the world is near
Japanese nuclear plant is still leaking in the sea , radiation pollution didn't help
This is Overshoot.
Such BS. In every blue city, the socialists, the very ones screaming about climate change,are cutting down whatever acres are left to build community and youth centers,the shelves are still full of killer pesticides, there are no good laws to ban abusive owners from breeding or owning pets, and here these people talking about taking on giant projects when they have 0 control and made no changes to the small problems.
I'll save you some time,Thanos was RIGHT!
not sustainable while obesity is on the rise...
OMG
About time.
All thanks to nuclear weapons we don't have wars like we used to. Wars used to thin The Herd keeping the human population in check!
the planet will survive. humans, probably not
Paul Ehrich will be extinct soon too but don't worry he will be frozen next to Walt Disney.
For the amount of cattle and the amount of farmland and prairie per person for 8 billion people there is four acres or four football fields. Of food resources. Of course this doesn't include tundra or the forest or the deserts. They used to have bears in Britain and they also used to have predators like dogs. Now the only actual predators that they have in Sherwood Forest are typically foxes and a few wild boars or wild pigs. And because of farming a little bit of dairy and little bit of cattle there are very very few deer in Britain. And the Mediterranean Sea. Between Africa and Europe has a few areas of vast acres of sea where it is literally a dead zone nothing lives in it. The coral reefs of Australia which are a living organism have started to seriously diminish hundreds of square miles. And there are vast areas in Brazil where they let gold mining occur and gold dredging. And it literally looks like a desert a rain desert. Sand dunes of the Kalahari in the rainforest. There has been a comeback of the wild buffalo in certain parts of North America and of the North American wolf although certain species like grizzly bears in California are gone. And there has been also a comeback of the Hokkaido or North Japanese bear along with a natural deer although that's a bit of a society phenomenon and not necessarily a natural one the barrier and our wall between certain parts of Mexico and the United States sometimes hinder certain species migrations there are openings in it. Although typically there were a few types of coyotes and other migratory animals that had gone back and forth. And could affect a bit of a dynamic environment regarding their species
WWIII detected.
Humanity only has 10 years left.  The invention of monetary trade has been the demise of the planet since it's invention.
But we need to add millions and millions more people to this country. Tell the poor people to stop having babies.
Oh the humanity only  Joe Biden can save us.
Can we hope that includes greenies
Stop cutting down all these damn trees that's off the interstate high winds make it hard to drive on the road. Fyi
So sad. So obvious. So much so, I wrote and premiered new music recently for a film by Brandon Walley. It's only 11 minutes...  https://youtu.be/NtWdkT5pt24?t=6143
This is why Kamala Harris claimed that future wars will be fought over water.
Thats why we have depopulations now
Thats why we have depopulations now
Thats why we have depopulations now
This is a true legitimate reason to wish to never have been born.
We just got grasshoppers back in our county. After years of not being present.
Honestly, she, being Earth and the Universe, is a sentient being. It would be more interesting to see how the weather and all of the natural environment could differ without the interference of governments using chemical geo engineering to the atmosphere that is dramatically effecting us, which not enough mainstream media outlets are willing to discuss openly. 60 minutes here don't even mention it, the geo engineering chemtrails have been used for over 50 years! This is no longer conspiracy. India and China openly use these technologies. The worst part is that we as citizens are not given information or knowledge of what is being sprayed on us. Thankfully whistle blowers and dissenters have revealed the information that is out there, but not very easy to discover.
Bullpucky on some of this program.
1/1/23, so here we go: Don't believe in anything negative,flush it out and move on, praying always,repent now,read the Bible,Be good,flee evil, 72 years old grandma,           John 3:16: God loved the world so much...
🐾🐾🐾 Grizzlies went extinct in 1924 in California and 1931 in Oregon due to human encroachment and hunting. So did buffaloes and wolves in America. The ones we see now were imported from Canada. The point is to live and learn, not repeat or defend past horrific acts of animal genocides. Their excuse was people were dumb, ignorant, and didn't know any better before. But what about ours now with info readily available at the tips of our fingers.
It’s to friggen infuriating right now. It’s absolutely angering to see infants and kids everywhere. People are selfish for breeding and killing this planet. I don’t think any conservation is gonna be more efficient then the men and women squeezing them out. 🤬🤬🤬
1/1/2023  A lot of Hoopla, lies,try to grab you attention Glory to God Jesus Christ in heaven and earth forever and ever.God say in the Bible: doesn't matter what happening around you, the evil will not touch you,because you believe in me_God says        72 years old grandma
"We're using 175% of our resources"   That statistic should make it obvious to everyone we're over-consuming everything in our world
Speaking as a professional conservationist: thank you for coving this topic. If nothing more than the added awareness.
This is why I see ww3 coming . War thins the population.  And that is the easiest way to do it
YouTube Dane Wigington
That's nonsense. This planet can, with current technology, sustain tens of trillions of people. We'd be living in mega cities packed together like a scene from a Hong Kong action movie, but we are no where near capacity.   Yes, our carelessness has had an immense impact on the natural world, a negative one. We're still doing it. We're still doing it and alluding to a human overpopulation issue, which is an egregious lie, a nefarious lie!   Big tech isn't sourcing it's products within the moral compass of our modern standard, let alone doin it in harmony with the earth. They'll use kids to mine dangerous minerals and set the stage for a genocide with propaganda pieces such as this!
does this mean no more bills?
Opening Monologue: “In what year will the human population grow too large for the Earth sustain? The answer is 1970 according to the World Wildlife Fund…today wild plants and animals are running out of places to live…”🙎🏽‍♀️  I CAN NOT with these people?! WHY would you even bother to INTERVIEW people  like this? If this were actually true who should be ELIMINATED FIRST to MAKE MORE SPACE for people?! I have some ideas.😡  LAWD GEEZUS 🤦🏽‍♀️🧻🔥🧾🚨🚔🚮🗑⚖️
There is no overpopulation, its just greed. Overly greedy companies, conglomerates and countries who overfish, cut down forests, over consume all for the mighty dollar.
I remember when The Population Bomb came out in 1968 in my second year as aecology/systematics major at San Francisco State College. It was already clear that humanities fate was pretty well cast. The green house gas warming wasn't theoretical. The loss of species wasn't just a hypothesis. And so forth. The incredible disbelief and sadness was impacting many, many people. Rio in '94 (?) was suppose to be the beginning of a paradigm shift. Nope. And "nope" to all subsequent futile and make believe attempts at feeling "good about the climate crisis." Despite being 73 now and ever intent on gathering info, the unmistakable conclusion is that human civilization and much of nature (physis) is going to experience catastrophic collapse. Probably a lot sooner than we expect, especially with permanent frost beginning to really melt. Hopefully, remnant human populations will embark on a different journey. All we can do is get ready.
Happy New year,.  Very interesting news topic.
Elon and the repubs are anti population management.
This is true there used to be canneries in Astoria Oregon and Monterey even apparently in Alaska the crab Alaskan king crab seem to have almost dissipated or vanished.
The elites were supposed to fix this with their vaccine. Fail.
The Grizzly bears that were exterminated happened long before these idiots were born. Study California history folks. I would have killed them myself were I a young man in 1880.
Thanos was right
The environment today is cleaner and better than it has been since the industrial revolution. All this cleanup and it still didn't work. Maybe Environmentalism isn't working. Perhaps we should try another path like freezing the DNA of species and letting them go extinct naturally because extinction is natural. At least then we have the DNA in stock and if we find a use for those species later we can bring them back. If it turns out there is no use for those extinct species then their extinction would save all the resources they would have consumed so that other species or humans can use that land and resources and things would be better for the surviving species. Remember Darwin, extinction is nature's way of making species better because those species that don't survive are somehow unfit to survive.
Well I was born in 1982 uh oh. As I get older I wish I was financially rich so I could build my own little bio dome to help my family survive a bit longer.  😅
it is call religion that keep that makes it a sin not to have children and the law stops nature selecting the less perfect human to survive and those who invent a cure that nature has put in place to cull the human as we dont have a natural predator  except ourselves and then we burn up fuel to keep them alive in jail
Man killed half the 🦕s and what happened to to the millions of people who claim humans were millions of years old, where are the bodies because 8 million people are here right now, where is all the others at if you believe evolution but I don't and the Bible stills shows he's right because we know how to add the generations. TheyThe don't believe in God but God has already told us how it ends. All they care about is themselves and what they can do to save them selfs. God already knows what our fate is and nobody is worried about what they are talking about and yea we know it's close for the lord to return and he will put a end to something a human can't save
Thank you for covering this. No one will really pay attention to it, but I appreciate this. I sit in Cleveland now, on January 1, and it is 47 degrees outside; the ground should be frozen and the lake should be frozen over too, but it is raining and people wear shorts and ride their motorcycles. I would love for humanity to unite and stop the destruction of our world instead of an apathetic acknowledgement and a return to focusing on fantasy football. The Soviet Union, the UK, and the USA united in WWII against a common foe; I hope the world can unite and stop the destruction of our planet.
Elon Musk was on a podcast a few wks ago saying NOT ENOUGH PPL ARE BEING BORN SINCE 1970's and humanity will die off from not reproducing enough...this is saying the opposite?! What's the deal here?!
Foolish Humans
😔 Of course, what animals can survive Arctic Blasts, Bomb Cyclones, "historic" floods, rain, finicky weather patterns coupled with human's insatiable hunger for flesh, space, and temporary material things?
This sound crazy how y'all going to say there's too many people on the planet it ain't enough people to even cover the whole globe this world really now it's just about that I'm tired of hearing y'all talking about this stupid and allergy to where it's too many people on the planet stop saying that as if it's everything else ain't helping the store that's saying humans and animals is not that's how the animals survive from the Earth but us humans is the one who's destroying it don't say humans presence like if they would be to be born is hurting the planet no these governments in these presidents of these countries and states and date is doing all the destruction to this planet and do anything to help you this is crazy but stop saying humans well I won't say that you can't say humans cuz it is humans but it ain't it ain't overpopulating it that's what I'm saying to each his own peace
The worse thimg the US did was stop providing any birth control to  any countries  because they didn't want to fund abortions.
Listen hear me out its a dog eat dog world.. As long as walmart has chicken im good
the human species  are exactly like infectious  bacteria !
I'm from Southwest Minnesota. The general flying insect population is about 10% of what it used to be. Same with the birds. Same with amphibians. Main industry is farming. Round Up is the cause.
Imagine if Illinois didn't start the Forest Preserve.  🤔
Counting the moths and other flying insects outside my house this past summer, I could see this extinction very well. The numbers have dwindled so very much over the years. The pollinators are going away, fast. Lack of habitat and people whose outdoor life has always consisted of house-to-SUV, and who shudder at the sight of a flying creature, always have a can of something toxic at-the-ready, have pretty much wiped them out.
this is scary AF
White man is so greedy. He would never stop cutting trees, putting his gas in the air then turned to evil. Devilish s*** start killing off humans with food and viruses. And his presence. And don't forget your trips to the hospital.
Elon Musk said we need to have more babies to sustain or economic growth.  Guess he is wrong.
The main problem is big oil runs the world we have to reign in the power of these corporations.
Imagine looking to Ehrlich for predictions about anything
Doomsday Propaganda  🤣🤣
Birth control for 3rd world countries to start...
And they told us!  I learned this as a kindergartner in 1971!
I’ve said this before and I’m not a damn socialist but money and greed is what I blame. I believe greed has caused our climate to change drastically. It is all about the dollar now and eventually it will catch up. We as a planet have to stop tearing every part of our ecosystems to pieces. I pray for our future generations.
If only every child were hearing this, discussing this in every elementary, middle, and high school. Dire and it didn't have to be this way.
THERES PLENTY MORE LAND OVER THE ANTARCTIC ICE WALL...BUT.. THE MILITARY WONT LET US GO AND LOOK...BEEN DOCUMENTED BEFORE ADMIRAL BYRDS TRIPS IN NEWS PAPERS...WE DONT LIVE ON A SPINNING BALL FLYING THRU FAKE SPACE...PROOVE ME WRONG...
Im the mean time we are spending billions on war and killing each other hopefully that works lol
Ohio used to be covered in trees from end to end! Now it's just fescue and corn!  Environmental disaster for sure!
“The Forbidden Zone was once a paradise. Your breed made a desert of it, ages ago.”
This is a bunch of bull. Did you know that Bill gates owns the most farmland in the USA? Did you know that China owns the second most farmland In the USA? Think about who is controlling things.
This is why nobody should ever vote for growth-centered Republicans. The economy must shrink along with the human population, and nature must be preserved at all costs.
covid didnt work well enough :(
More doom and gloom from the media, it's a miracle we're still alive.
There are too many people on the planet and NO ONE wants to do ANYTHING about THAT fact. We just chase after solutions for problems that stem from it... climate change, mass extinction, global pandemics.
So sad people suck way to many of us!
Go vegan ppl. Conserve the environment.
I've been hearing this since the 70s....i am over it.....blah blah blah
China and India your population hello 🙄🙄🙄
The population isn't growing this is just the first time they can count evryone
Human species , so much potential  ; yet , living in a fear based and lacking mentality, over consumerism  and seeing our environment as separate from us … we have so much to learn  as a species … perhaps an extinction is inevitable and is part of earth’s evolutionary process .
Tell the government to stop killing for science and a paycheck
Hahahahaha earth have more than enough for everybody, we just want to profit throughout fear and we don’t care.
Animal agriculture is the leading cause of species extinction, ocean dead zones, water pollution, and habitat destruction.  Animal agriculture contributes to species extinction in many ways. In addition to the monumental habitat destruction caused by clearing forests and converting land to grow feed crops and for animal grazing, predators and "competition" species are frequently targeted andhunted because of a perceived threat to livestock profits. The widespread use of pesticides, herbicides and chemical fertilizers used in the production of feed crops often interferes with the reproductive systems of animals and poison waterways. The overexploitation of wild species through commercial fishing, bushmeat trade as well as animal agriculture’s impact on climate change, all contribute to global depletion of species and resources. [XIX] Oppenlander, Richard A. Food Choice and Sustainability: Why Buying Local, Eating Less Meat, and Taking Baby Steps Won’t Work. . Minneapolis, MN : Langdon Street, 2013. Print. Comfortably Unaware. Oppenlander. NOAA, "what is a dead zone". Scientific America, "What Causes Ocean "Dead Zones"?". “What’s the Problem?” United States Environmental Protection Agency. “Livestock’s Long Shadow: Environmental Issues and Options.” Food and Agriculture Organization of the United Nations. 2006. The Encyclopedia of Earth, "The Causes of Extinction".  Annenberg Learner, Unit 9: Biodiversity Decline // Section 7: Habitat Loss: Causes and Consequences WWF, "Losing their homes because of the growing needs of humans." Center for Biological Diversity, "How Eating Meat Hurts Wildlife and the Planet". Science Direct “Biodiversity conservation: The key is reducing meat consumption” FAO, "Livestock impacts on the environment". “Fire Up the Grill for a Mouthwatering Red, White, and Green July 4th.” Worldwatch Institute. Oppenlander, Richard A. “Biodiversity and Food Choice: A Clarification.” Comfortably Unaware. 2012 “Risk Assessment Evaluation for Concentrated Animal Feeding Operations.” U.S. Environmental Protection Agency – Office of Research and Development. 2004.
Nearly everyone who watches this will go on consuming and procreating just as they always have.  Nearly all of them hope that others will make the sacrifices to save humanity.  And they know that equation won't work.  It is a good time to be old.
This is one of the reasons I decided never to have kids. I'm now 35 and proud I did not get any kids.
Remember learning in school about the Dust Bowl and wondering how society could be so irresponsible? Well...
So then why are people saying we are in a population crisis and birth rates are so low?
“Esoteric Agenda” look it up!
Everyone needs to see this. It should be  standard education in school. WE ARE In a extinction event.
I remember the 70s when people were worried about the population explosion. Apparently we've forgotten along the way, we've become too self-centered! We've forgotten,  or lost, the need to make the changes the 60s aspired to do!
Makes me think they released corona on purpose to control population and economies. I bet all the human death and restrictions were great for the environment and wildlife.
Yahwism: the Uncountable (polytheistic religion of Iron Age Israel)  Is the Yahweh (J source) and Leviathan (P source) in the Ugaritic texts?  In 1 Kings 22:19-22 we read of the Yahweh meeting with his heavenly council. This is the very description of heaven which one finds in the Ugaritic texts. For in those texts the sons of god are the sons of El. Other deities worshipped at Ugarit were El Shaddai, El Elyon, and El Berith.  Yam, also known as Ym and Yaw (YHW), is the Ugaritic god of rivers and the sea. Also known as Judge Nahar ("Judge River"), he is also one of the Elohim or sons of El, the name given to the Levantine pantheon. Others dispute the existence of the alternative names, claiming it is a mistranslation of a damaged tablet. Despite linguistic overlap, theologically this god is not a part of the later sub regional monotheistic theology, but rather is part of a broader Levantine polytheism.   He is also known from Egyptian sources, which present him as an enemy of Set (at the time viewed as a heroic slayer of monsters and similar to Levantine and Anatolian weather gods).  Yam is the deity of primordial chaos and represents the power of the sea, untamed and raging; he is seen as ruling storms and the disasters they wreak.   The seven-headed dragon Lotan is associated closely with him and the serpent is frequently used to describe him. Despite his antagonistic role in myths, Ym was sometimes invoked in theophoric names, indicating some degree of cult, which sets him apart from another similar figure, Tiamat.   As Ym's myth is generally believed to be older than the Enuma Elish, it's possible Tiamat was partially patterned after him.  Of all the gods, despite being the champion of El, Ym holds special hostility against Baal Hadad, son of Dagon (or El). Ym is a deity of the sea and his palace is in the abyss associated with the depths, or Biblical tehwom, of the oceans. (This is not to be confused with the abode of Mot, the ruler of the netherworld.)   In Ugaritic texts, Ym's special enemy Hadad is also known as the "king of heaven" and the "first born son" of El, whom ancient Greeks identified with their god Cronus, just as Baal was identified with Zeus, Yam with Poseidon and Mot with Hades.  While Baal Hadad was the lead god in Ugarit, in the Baal cycle it is Ym who is favored by El, and he even briefly rules over the other gods. Baal only rises to power after vanquishing him with the help of his allies Kothar-wa-Khasis, Astarte and Anat.   Yam's ultimate fate is unclear, as the text makes references to both death and captivity, and in later sections of the myth Baal talks about Yam as if he was still alive and a possible threat.   While in the past researchers, especially those belonging to the myth-ritual tradition, interpreted the myths of Baal, Ym and Mot as a representation of the cycle of seasons and thus related to fertility rites, this view is challenged in more recent scholarship as incorrect or simplistic.  His name comes from the Canaanite (Israelite) word Yam, meaning "Sea."  👿
He Who Rides On The Clouds 🌥:  Baal is a western Semitic title that means Master or Lord. While it can actually refer to a large number of different deities, Baal in this case refers to Hadad, the Canaanite and Syrian god of rain, fertility, life, agriculture and thunder, particularly popular in Ugarit and Aleppo.   He was worshipped in many ancient Middle Eastern communities, who considered him one of the most important gods in their respective local pantheons.   He was at least in part derived from the Sumerian god Ishkur, but their character differed substantially; while Ishkur represented the destructive power of storms, the western Semitic Baal was the master of life-giving rains vital for farmers.  Thanks to his huge influence, Baal was designated as the universal god of fertility, and in that capacity his title was Prince, Lord of the Earth.   He was also called the Lord of Rain and Dew, the two forms of moisture that were indispensable for fertile soil in Canaan In Ugaritic and Hebrew, Baal's epithet as the storm god was He Who Rides on the Clouds.   In the Baal (Lord) Cycle he's frequently called "Aliyan Baal" or "Baal, the victorious." In Phoenicia, he was called Baal Shamen, Lord of the Heavens.   In Syria, hail was seen as a phenomenon closely related to him.   He was also the king of the gods, and, to achieve that position, he was portrayed as seizing the divine kingship from Yam, the sea god, described as a tyrannical ruler.   Baal was probably also regarded as the source of royal authority for human kings, and myths and prayers depict him as an ally and protector of humans.  In his main myth, the so-called Baal Cycle, Baal was locked in mortal combat with Mot, the personification of death and sterility.   If Baal triumphed, humanity would thrive; but, if he were to be vanquished by Mot, humans would suffer and their crops would wither away.   While the myths present a decisive conclusion to the conflict, some scholars assume it was believed to repeat in cycles.  Like many deities of the ancient Near East, Hadad was always represented in a horned headdress.   In art, he's often shown holding a club and thunderbolt or two clubs. While Mesopotamian depictions of the storm god and the famous Baal stele depict him as a typical bearded Near Eastern god, many Canaanite depictions are instead more similar to Egyptian warriror gods and beardless.   Baal was also frequently associated with bulls. The bull was a widespread symbol of divinity in ancient Mespopotamia and areas infuenced by it.   Other storm gods from cultures closely related to that of ancient Canaan, like Hurrian Teshub and Hittite Tarhunna, were depicted very similarly to Baal in art, and their myths shared many similarities as well.   The Egyptian god Set in his generally positive aspect as a god of foreigners was also associated with Baal, taking his role in the Egyptian adaptation of the Yam narrative.  Baal is usually associated with the goddesses Ashtart (commonly called "the Face of Baal," indicating particularly close bond between these two deities), a western Semitic equivalent of Ishtar, and Anat, both of who are often interpreted as his consorts. Anat is also called Baal's sister, though it's unclear if they share the exact same parents, as in Ugaritic texts Baal calls two separate gods, El (the husband of Asherah) and Dagan, his fathers.   Whether the two fathers were one and the same or if one of these was simply a courtesy title indicating superior status is a matter of scholarly debate, though cultic rather than mythical texts regard Dagan as separate from El.  The name Baal, or Ba'al, is used as a substitute of Hadad in some ancient texts and in common modern usage. This is possibly derived from the fact that in ancient Canaan only priests were allowed to utter the divine name, in much the same way as in Judaism where only priests were allowed to utter the name of God, so common people simply referred to him as Baal.   It's also possible the title was eventually deemed to be integral to Hadad's cult it functionally became his main name.  The word ba'al and its plural form were also used in the Hebrew Bible to refer to cult images, and in this context they were regarded as false gods. Because of this, several demons were derived from Baal, including Bael and Beelzebub.  Many of the most famous biblical references to Baal, for example the tale of Jezebel, are related to the traditions of the cities of Sidon and Tyre, where the title of Baal was applied to deities other than Hadad.  🕊
Why doesn’t DR Ehrlich recommend a one child policy for everybody on the planet
But you barbian western who destroy narure usa an europe should paid the price
Remove the climate change agenda. Yes- too many people. Save the wild lands !
There was an interesting documentary that I think first aired in 2009.   Hosted by David Attenborough on PBS....it was called 'How Many People Can Live On Planet Earth'.   It's only an hour long,  and I would recommend it if you can find it.
I was born in 1970 too 😊❤
Industrial civilization was a terrible mistake
Happy new year folks ❤❤❤😊
Humans really are a Cancer that have just gotten out of control... Keep having those babies folks...
I like the Gorilla.
Easy solution is vaccines like Billy boy Gates said
In Nevada County California environmental organization won't check illegal siphoning and mortating of protected creeks. Dead tree blocks public road but clear cutting Tahoe National Forest for weed using state wildfire funds as cartel obstructs and deals with local yokals from DA to Sheriff to attorneys and county politicians. County won't enforce codes or permit regs for crony racist cannabis plantations above all law.  #corruption #environment #untaxed #cannabis
Tesla's technology would have used natural resources to provide all of this for free. This would have reduce all pollutants and waste products to next to zero.  It isn't people ruining the planet, it's capitalism.
Hence the Great Reset
forsenDespair . . .
There’s plenty of space currently.
Something globally shocking is coming soon and you should be getting ready like the elite are.
Natives were along longer than a thousand years
This sounds like a job for the Zoomers..
