This box, I like it! ANOTHER!
Never have I thought of seeing unspeakable in a justdustin vid
Everyone else: Using hammers and helicopters unspeakble: USING A BLENDER
This video shows exactly what happens when Dustin leaves them alone at the warehouse
7:24  could call it spirit orb
Couldn’t you just unscrew the bolts on the thingy
Trent, completes Dustin.
Still nothing so, come on
The cement brick is definitely is broken
Why does nobody try an angle grinder bro
The unbreakable icosahedron.
the power of a D20
I know all the hacksmiths tech is badass but trent managed to force his way in using brute force alone and honestly i'd say that's more impressive.
am i the only one who saw zach pocket some money in the end?
Trent split the thing in half with his pure strength...am speechless
Question: why is no-one using anvil
2:39 MAXIMUM POWER
I think hacksmiths are the gigachads of these challenges.
Bro his reaction to that big rocket like thing was pretty funny lol
Why are you two continuously breaking the pedestal?
Bro I watched the unspeakable vid that same one ☝️ 😂😂
Goes up in a helicopter, but throws it onto  sand
🦴🦴10😬 ⬛⚪100% ?!
Rly ? There is guys what have or rent helicopter and their first idea is throw it from 40 meters on grass ? Like rly ?
Unspeakable: random stuff, go! Justdustin: random stuff, go! Hacksmith: random stuff, go!
my weopon would be a drill
I guess you don’t need to have the cool superhero stuff to break almost unbreakable stuff.
Other youtubers has cool weapons         Meanwhile unspeakable has goofy weapons
Daum now thats an impressive D20
the waffle house has found its new host.
Hacksmith: Lightsaber.  Unspeakable: Power tools.  JustDustin: *TRENT.*
Song??!
noob vs pro vs hacker
next time give one to nilered to i am interessted in how to make everything destroying acid
It would be cool if they use bombs
Who wants an internship at Hacksmith?
unspeakable use classic tools while u use those robotnic and massive stuff
Look I love you Dustin but you don’t play around with Hack Smith they make some wild stuff I’ve seen them do things that I didn’t take as possible
Couldn't they just unscrew the screws
Is there a rule that you can’t just take the bolts out?
Give it to me
It looks like the great holocron of the jedi
Trent is really the weapon 😂😆🤣 broke the box with brute force compared to the power tools/weapons by the others 😆😂🤣🤣🤣
Uhh... nobody gonna talk about Erik flying a helicopter??
Unspeakable unspeakable unspeakable unspeakable unspeakable the best YouTube or ever seen in my life❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😭❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️🥸❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
hell should try to see how long that orb would last vs a K-12 Rescue saw. . . (bloody thing can cut through just about anything)
wait isn't this basically an "unbreakable" D20
Trent IS the strategy 😂
ayo
Saw it
When in doubt, let Trent hit it a few times.
Hacksmith has like every fictional cool weapon to ever exist
Desnus ucrosyoorf
When your kid is so bad to break things🤣🤣🤣🤣
Finaly unspeakable has found something that can block the mighty cube of hes
I love how everyone has some good weapons but unspeak has some boring old weapons
LOL potato cannon 🥔
Did they launch the orb against drywall? 😂
theres hacksmith and than there is the plebs
3:20 i would like see Trent using Thanos sword and doom fist 💪
Should've said "not the stand" since trent missed the orb
unspeakable is the first person to make a hole and he dosent even own a lightsaber or a trent
I wanna see Trent using Hacksmith weapons
Throw it on the CONCREAT
Hero
Hero
Hero
I would love to have one this is my afdtedd srrarst rosd byford in austrslia please come
RIP that firepit
7:35 Nice, they got the Boring Company flame thrower
i can do it
He probably put a extra layer of steel on hacksmiths
it easy need tools to get out the nails
That is Preston?
Breaking bedrock in real live?
Why didn't they use the helicopter and drop it on the Concrete path next to the grass.
“THE UNBREAKABLE D20”
Anyone else feel like hack smith is going to build some type of laser gun
The allspark is back
justdustin: not the wallllll  not the curtain  not the light    not the table unspeakable: *breaks concrete floor* just pour some water on it
Undo the nails
hacksmith has the best gadgets
I like how Unspeakable uses hammerers and axes, and then Hacksmith is like LiGhTsAbEr and then they just win.
send me something to break!!
Bro just knows how to fly a helicopter 😂😂
Unscrew the bolts Work smarter not harder
Ye must be born again!
wheres the hidrolic press
no one do it like Hacksmith
i want to do this
An OSHA-certified person no gloves? really common. It's a grinder honey made to cut steel,.
why does it look like the allspark from transformers?
I’d break it sub 10 minutes
The fact that trent just use a super sledge to break the box is so funny،🤣🤣
Hacksmith and Warehouse: TOOLS DESTRUCTION.   Unspeakable: blender
send one to dude perfect
Use the strongest cube
Trent: whack Also Trent: WHACK!!!!!!!
You couldn't break it with chainsaw, axe, hammers, bowling ball!  What made you think grass would work lol
how hard is it you could just screw it
I miss his old intro :(((((
break it... with a grinder.
unspeakable:we have unique way of thinking Hacksmith:we have technology Justdustin:we have hulk 😂🤣
Wairt if its unbreakable how was it broken??? My man is ahead of the universe
iTs An iCoSaHeDroN also, this video was on my birthday. what a great birthday gift.
I keep looking at the fire extinguisher in the background wondering if it is one that can use to freeze a corner. Either that or dry ice or liquid nitrogen.
why did they not just un screw it
If they have a helicopter go on cement
Trent just use is arms as power tool lol
to people who are hating on unspeakable:  unspeakable is not a channel based on destroying things, while the hacksmith is a team of engineers and justdustin is a team of people who makes weapons. unspeakable is a completly different concept, and thus he does not have nor need a lightsaber
Trent is a beast!!!!!
dude send another box to how ridiculous
the part that hurt me was when they spend there budget on a helicopter and droped the orb on the grass and not the concrete
Give one to howridiculous
8:15 they should’ve dropped it in concrete
Thats real life bedrock
Nothing is unbreakable
I feel like next time you give the hacksmith industries a box to open they just go into creative mode
Stuff apples credit card security I’m keeping mine one in this
It would be cool if you gave it to Nile red to see what acid he would use
you made a mistake
Dustin's team big biceps
Uh use the drill
Just...unscrew it?
You could just pop off the bopts and THEN can hit it
Dustin: they have an army... of things... but WE HAVE A TRENT
where was the rip headphone users warning
why don't they just unscrew it...
why didn't they drop it on the hard ground from the helicopter
I gotta say that idk how unspeakable got in the challenge and hacksmith should have gotten the lightsaber earlier
unspeakable got that elon musk boring company flame thrower
bruuu tungston cube costs 4000 dollors i saw it online y would u drop so muh money on that
if he brought this think to dmeolition ranch it would have been opened almost instantly
The avengers may have a hulk but Dustin has a trent
could a tank shell break it?
Dustin doing barely damage while spending alot of money  Unspeakable litterly denting it in the start
*Brings in screwdriver*
Since when did Stampy join hacksmith 😂😂
im guessing the hacksmith plasma saber was not allowed or not made yet
Tbh they could’ve flown to the max height of the helicopter and dropped it and that probably would’ve dented it at lot
Yep I agree
When Trent said he likes he to break things I said we know Trent
bolling na bolling with strong thing yes
wow everyone's ideas were epik and eventually worked,  but the show stealer was totally trent with his sledge NGL
A grinder?🤣🤣
If that box had bolts then why not just unscrew them? SAVE THE TIME PEOPLE!
anyone think of unscrewing the bolts?
The JustDustin crew used like 95% percent brute force  (with a little ice )while the others used lasers and power tools, respect
Niler- nilegreen: this will be good for extracting caffeine from my coffee
🙂🙃🙂🙃😈😈😈
Kentucky ballistics
It would be cool if they gave one to Kentucky ball sticks
It would be cool if they gave one to Kentucky ballistics
first youtuber to break the icosahedron wins 10 k
Can we appricitate how much effort this guy is making: Deffiantly NOT a BOT
UNSPEAKABLE 🤣
Trent: I like to break stuff
I just love it how Unspeakable tries to break these things by doing the dumbest things possible
I like the box
Lol unspeakable
ewwasdasda
If you want to read the Gospel, then I will put something like that in my replies, but if you read that, then you should still read the complete Gospel. If you read it, then like the comment so that more people can see it, and more people have at least one opportunity, because accepting Jesus Christ as our Lord and Savior is the most important decision that you will ever make.
I know all those Youtubers
When the box falls from the helicopter it looks like how Thor fell in that giant cube in the first Avengers movie
Be like Bedrock but when you actually break it. 'O'
That’s unspeakable
That’s so cool
point load it in a 60 ton hydraulic press ........ but yeah wouldn't make a cool vid .
Would like to see Trent use the Doom Fist
Ay yo
You need a halligen bar to break it
YO YOU ACTUALLY KNOW NATHAN THE UNSPEAKABLE!!!
I need to see Trent with thanos’ Endgame Sword
Is that a tattoo on the back of Trent's arm or no?
De sheild is not Sharp again
I watch this because video about this unbreakable orb unspeakable broke it
clickbaited
I waiting for someone to fire a barret 50 cal at one of these boxes/ cubes/orbs
that looks like the allspark
its not orb its a decahedron. get your shapes right.
Perforate two windows and punch them out. Then, melt the metal between them with a welding torch or something. Pull money out through hole.
Their strat is Trent
Lol
It’s not an orb, it’s an icosahedron
4:37 hl2 activate!
Wow! They should send this box to justdustin! I bet he could break it!
I also watch unspeakables channle
I thought bowling balls is unbreakable
You can unscrew the bolts
unspeakable
Can ,I get one box that is a lot of money 💰💰💰💰💰💰
Hacksmith: Literal genius inventions to break the orb Unspeakable: Power tools JustDustin: TRENT
Is anyone smart enough to use a Matabo blade, torch, or a plasma cutter
Give Trent the storm breaker he would be a god
What shape is that?
I would love to see goku break this orb
Where do you get all the avengers  stuff
Should give one to a regular person maybe a welder or a mechanic or something to see how easy they'd actually do it
Give Colin furze next
The box what did I do?
i bet i could break on of those in half of a day
The guy Trent he noob but unspeakable is pro and the another guy is hacker
Just a bit confused on why they dropped the things from the helicopter on the grass instead of the concrete
Why’s the hackssmith guy look like an elf
Time for another un breakable cube send it to how ridiculous and use there hammer!!!!
4:57 the stokes twins lied , those bastards!
"wow,emm.... that's coolest thing i ever seen"
12:56 that look tho
Bruh imagine being new to Hacksmith and seeing the futuristic weapons lol.
tehy bring the boy all the way up in a helicopter and drop it on grass -_-
Love these vids!!!
Unspeakable was the stupidest
No way unspeakable is in this video?
why dont use use the liquid nitrogen ?
He should have sent it to the 1000 mph baseball guy
Why don't you just unscrew the bolts and then weeken it 🤔
TRENT TRENT TRENT
7:12 THAT WAS CLEAN!!!
i dare you to ask demolition ranch
I kinda want them to send one to the crew of Achievement Hunter and watch Gavin or Micheal hurt themselves.
I think the box was more expensive than the 10,000 dollars 😂
Box go boom boom💣
Its not the size 9f the dog that's in the fight, its the size of the. Fight that's in the dog
When are you going to do a challenge let James use your credit card for 24 hours
Unspeakable
Sed one to demonranch
Everyone else: ball go smash haha Hacksmith: LIGHTSABERS GO YEET
Other youtubers: use really cool things to break the box Dustin crew: TRENT!
You should have gave it to Mr. Beast too
Trent is a monster lol
Looks like unspeakable wins
12:20 sounded like a garand ping
Explosives
Send one to demolition ranch
Me, gets the screw driver  Them, how tf did we not think about that
break into this box to win $10,000   ...  *buys helicopter to help*
YEET THE ORB
Too easy
Me trying to break obsidian with a wooden pickaxe 4:19-4:24
Bro Tren team is like NFL youngboy style
Anyone realize that one of the ppl r Minecraft YouTubers
Dude, brute force alone, Trent still wins, whether or not he actually gets the money first.
I'm not sure if this would work but like  when they broke into the box but could not get the money  because the box was too big why did they not just take the money out of the box?.
Can you consider the “orb” a dodecahedron? Because that’s what it is
Unspeakable broke into it first
Hacksmith using marvel starwars ect. Unspekable using normal weapons And theres trent hulk smashing the box with a sledge hammer
I saw unspeakable and I’m like”HELL YAH”
Give one to Dangie Bros, I'm sure they can break it with a bat just like last time.
Just dustin  2021: first to break unbreakable box wins 10k$  2029: first to break into the most secure laser house wins 10 billion dollars
Unspeakable had the most  interesting
This video is called JustDustin loses 30,000$
Drop it on concrete instead of grass from the helicopter
Of course Trent used brute force XD
I play fortnight ❤️
60-10-50 RIGHT
Zachs weapon:steel ball Eric’s:sledgehammer Trent when he hears axes *the rock eyebrow raise*
This just proves that d20s are unbeatable.
Just unscrew the bolts
Unspeakable has good ideas! (My opinion)
JustDustin make youtubers to destroy a box that is mega hard meanwhile mrbeast just giving strangers a ton of money
I couldn’t tell if it was one ball or multiple if it was multiple why not put it in order of who got it dang it I don’t want to see all its different states
almost every new wepon he is scered of or nervouse about it is really funny
Only trent to break it
I love how it’s like big known making stuff you tubers and just unspeakable being a child
Trent:I like to break stuff  Me:ya you do Trent yea you do
Hi
the other youtubers are using dangerous stuff Unspeakable: *BLENDER*
U could have gave a Sledge to An Agry trent.. He could have broken it in 5-6 blows
4:26 the only effective weapon so far was the hacksmiths hammer and the rest of their arsenal.
Why are your videos so funny
It could be broken by a hydropress
And a nail gun could work
The Glass can be broken by sparkplug
Why are they dropping it on the grass though. If they dropped it on the concrete it would make a lot of damage
Wow that box is unbreakable but the first YouTuber break it
The box is litterly worth 10k
i know these youtubers
If i was there i would just unscrew the bolts
Why is no one mentioning they USED A FRICKIN HELICPOTER!?
This vid reminded unspeakable exists
I love to think of this video as Trent vs Nerds vs Jocks 😅 Trent is a category on its own
while you guys where talking i was lifting 8 pounds with one hand
Where do you get the weapon
I’ve watched this video around to 10 times it’s a goody
u all ur money in credit card then put it in this thing no thief would want to spend time
Me: grabs sawzaw
Goo
My brother:i could build one of that for my money Me:if u need it,how are u gonna get the money
Shoot it with a 50cal
sam babl sae yor fdes ir
3:56 man attempts and fails to be smart while also trying throw a ball really hard to get money
sledgehammer? axe? No, we need a freaking light saver
UNSPEAKABLE
i love how childish trent acts 🤣
)
Wait so did they rent a helicopter or buy a helicopter?
One of these days Dustin and/or his friends are going to get seriously hurt
Get this to how ridiculous lok
I am a fan of unspeakable!
Just heat and put liquid nitrogen on to it and it will break lol
Find all Malaysia 21
I love how the hacksmith can just use the ironman gauntlet and disassemble the orb via the metal bits in a couple of minutes since the gauntlet is a literal plasma cutter designed to cut steel
Everybody broke it
its like if nokia made a decahedron
Everyone saying other people using normal methods to break through the orb  while hacksmith used a light saber. What they forget is that unspeakable literally used a blender and a massager to break through 😂😂😂😂
Why not just use a hydraulic press
Mr indian hajer would blast it with VIP Boom😂
people with hydraulic press channels: try me
A lot of people don't wear safety goggles. XD  I like my eyes, not sure about them.
unspeakable vs unbreakable
i rather take my time unscrewing it
Hack smith: serious  (Idk know the name) : serious Unspeakable: *Blender*
This is epic
unspeapable, has got the most smart ways
its an icosahedron dustin!
Seeing the bowling ball break on the box had ne shook.
ye boy oh my god / good jobs
Why don’t they smash the box on the concrete when they’re in the helicopter
I knew the hacksmith would get through because of the weapons and gadgets they have like the lightsaber, Thor's hammer, the storm breaker, etc
I woukd prob freeze in dry ice and break it xd
2:58 oh look, it's unspeakable
Give one to demolition ranch pleade
10:27 did Nathan say Dam Bois?
It’s kinda boring
yo that is legos to a dinosaur, when they step on that its the exact same thing as us stepping on legos…
Where are all the comments? ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎ ︎                      ︎ (pin this lol)
put it in a hydraulic press. done in 5 mins.
Just get the bolts off the free moneys
I want to see Trent use Stormbreaker
A hydraulic press channel would've taken the cake
I think it funny they get a helicopter and drop it on grass lol 😂 when they could do the same thing but on concrete lol 🤣
i mean angle grinder all the way
I can break it in 10 min only
Lol I thought they are gonna break the orb using the helicopter’s rotor blades
The definition of THE BOIS
First thing I'd do would drop it in liquid nitrogen then throw it up in the air
Anyone have liquid nitrogen? If you dramatically decrease the temperature of the material, you might be able to increase the brittleness of the material... allowing for more damage through brute force.
i wonder who actually got it out the quickest
Orb vs hydraulic press.
"Ok-now our theory-is-to-burn"
You broke one rule: don't leave Zack and Trent without supervision
5:48 why do ? That doesn’t do much , wanna bet if you made that dude with the wreckinghammer hit he would already destroy it in the start
pov: everyone uses things to help except my boi TRENT💪🏾💪🏾
Meanwhile you can just get rid of the bolts
hi
Who wants to see Justin send a box to Mr. Beast
I GOT SOME NUKES GUYS WANT ANY
me UNINTELECTUAL   *unweld it
Hyg
Like to see WhistlingDiesel  destroy this
Unspeakable: "Let's drop a bowling ball on it"  Hacksmith: [laughs in Lightsaber]
r.i.p the u.s 4:57
I like how everyone is doing this like professionally and unspeakable is just goofing around
*Nothing is indestructible if you hit it enough*                                                         -some guy who broke into an indestructible box or whatever
12:58 *When you have 12 assignments all due within 23 hours*
Let's be real here hacksmith would be the first one in if they was allowed to start with any weapon they want instead of going with the least possible chance of getting in to the largest
I use my rocket launcher man 🤣
It looks like the All Spark from transformers.
that guy at the end of the video
i didnt see trent's legs so i thought it was just shoes-
My solution. You know how sound is vibrations, and enough can destroy class. Well get a spherical container, place the box inside with a speaker, then have the speaker emit a super high pitched noise to shater the glass. Good thing about this, the steel wouldnt have to be broken, as the inner box would also be broken by the noise. thus letting the cash fall out.
Aww, poor family of unbreakable boxes, they keep getting smashed, dropped, fired, shot.
Havent seen unspeakable in a while
5:00 now you know how the inside of a bowling ball looks like
hacksmith absolutely FLEXIN all the gear and i LOVE it
hackssith is like futuristic kinda, dustins squad is like DIY stuff, and the last gangs like the naural stuff
Why in the hell would you throw it out of a helicopter if ur just gona throw it on the grass?!??!
12:52 trent sounded like hulk jumping in the air
hi
unspeekeble use some weird stuff mean while the hack smith be like:AYO GRAB THE PLAZMA GUN OVER HERE
The glistening glorious castanet physically stay because owner crucially confess but a clumsy shade. steep, special height
Yoo Hacksmith And Unspeakable Is here Woahhh
Angle Grinder.
Why didn’t you send how ridiculous one? :(
Cool 💪
Send one to How Ridiculous. They have their spike ball and the hulk fist
Def should send teamedge and dangie boys one of these and see if they are capable.
you could have broke it in one smack tho, just saying ..
Ya think superman is for kids no hacksmith grabs a superman arm made litearly out of real steel
So no one seen ole dude put money in his pocket at the end 🤣
rent private helicopter drops it on soft grass now thats big brain lol
Ur wondering where the leader of hacksmith? His hand is broken :(
No never beat Hacksmith industries  they will always break the box
mans mining bedrock with iron pic
Movies:Use what you got  Hacksmith: *I will cherish that word*
Best channel on YouTube
The thing is I like how is unspeakable they just instantly just cracked open the money case with like one or two it
I can't only unspeakable soffit Dustin designed it so like when you damage it against stronger unspeakable cruelty like really smart about it
Unspeakable is doing the most damage
04:57
justin: im not scared your scared *proceds to hide behind a wall*
PUT DRY ICE ON IT THEN HIT IT
4:57 yep that was epic holy cow
I love how scared Dustin gets of hacksmiths projects despite the fact he has faced down ricocheting batarangs spears swords etc
Imagine if you have that box to mark rober and he was like “could that box be blown up from the inside with devils toothpaste? That would be hilarious!!!!!!!!!
Get  Mark Rober for this
Imagine using a helicopter to drop it on soft grass instead of you know.... The concrete
Um? Doesn’t Dustin have a jackhammer, Trent and Zack could of just used that and ruined the orb in minutes.
I would have loved to see them give it to how ridiculous. The hulk fist would possibly flatten it
Demolition ranch..
bruh, the like buff dude with the brown dude who wears glasses, they so lame
Too easy
Why not use hot and cold treatments to weaken the glass and just throw it???
Unspeakable: hammer? Hammer Justin and co: hammer? Hammer Hacksmith: hammer but better? Hammer but better
I feel like either the military or maybe colin furze could contend against the hacksmith when it comes to breaking stuff
Send it to The AK Guy. Unbreakable box will it cannon
All they needed was some Vortigaut energy.
Trent is the only one that did it properly
The 2nd youtuber I actually watch, he makes some good videos you guys should sub to him!
You should send one to how ridiculous
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE give one to TheBackyardScientist
Give me a welder in 20 minutes i’ll be in
give one to a hydraulic press channel
I love your videos and you giving my favourite youtubers unbreakable boxes like unspeakable
I think it would be cool if they sent one to Kentucky Ballistics
Everyone else:damn this is so hard Hacksmith who has a literal light saber and iron man tools than can break it: this is soooooooooooo hard.   (not)
I believe that at the beginning of the video, they told everyone to try to make it look like your tryna damage the box and gradually increase the damage and after much time, they became frustrated that literally 0 damage has been done thus far and they told everyone “fuck it. Give it tour best shot. Go ham on it”
No one really talking about how the bowling ball slit perfectly half
All these other YouTubers:we have tools Dustin: we have a Trent
To unspeakable from justdustin.
use the crowbar to get the nails out
These guys are strong!!!  Love you dude huge fan
2 youtubers are in a challenge. One brings a sling-shot, a metal ball, and a cinder block. The other brings a blow torch, blow blow-dart gun, and a chainsaw. The 3rd youtuber walks in with  captain America's shield, a rebarb crossbow, and a literal LIGHTSABER!! This video is awesome.
You should try to shoot it
Whats the Song name
ssuuuwwwweeeeeeee
JUST Use big pin Hammer . So many force in one point .
Unspeakable!!!!@
this video should be named "mining bedrock in real like"
colab with howridculous
5:12 Wrong end buddy...
Hack smith:lightsaber  Just Dustin:Trent
this was amazing
We 10000000000000000000000000
Trent looks like the heavy from TF2.
It would be cool if they sent it to dangie bros
Really really nice
How about the same box in another similar but larger box IN ANOTHER SIMILAR BUT LARGER BOX   They'd have to break a box in a box in a box
That was INSANE!!! Do it AGAIN!!!!!!!! So damn cool. Love you guys
ふ
へｙ
That experiment is awesome 👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻👍🏻
Hes more powerful than thanos
why didn't they drop it on the concrete from the heli
no one ever thought of cutting it with helicopter blades
Sheeeeeeeeeeeesh unbrackable thing...
Ah yes blender 2x smaller than the orb
This box is so damm strong I doubt it could be significantly improved upon
10:50 this is why we dont give angle grinders to people that don't know what they are doing
Give it to mark rober
When did he learn how to drive a helicopter…
Your stronger than unspeakebal doing this :0
Imagine giving Trent the Stormbreaker no Unbreakable Box that Dustin makes is safe
The hack smith could break this in one minute
Demo ranch needs one
he should make another one and let Smartereveryday try and break it with there baseball canon
Id like to see the backyard scientist try this
So, who won the Contest?
Why they didnt use metal cuter or smthg like that
Do you notice how in the new one it's a full iron man suit when in the old version it's Just Dustin in an iron man suit with out the helmet on
Trynt loves breaking stuff,I love burgers, American flags and nascar at 3am👍🏻
Me (smart): screw driver
You should let how ridiculous have one with there big tower
4:21 me mining obsidian with a iron pick in minecraft
"I like to break stuff" -Trent 2021
yeet
PUT IT INTO HYDROLIC PRESS OR PUT INTO ACID OR USE LAVA OR MOST EASY WAY IS USE NUCLEAR BOMB🙂
The guarded dust fifthly admire because vessel puzzlingly suit worth a spotty religion. permissible, fancy foot
sand this to dangie bros
Where's Jeremy
They should’ve used a hydraulic press machine
They should put it in liquid nitrogen
no offense but hacksmith would destroy them
Trent is a beast
No sorry I just saw what that thing standing up to Junction nothing delivery and my
Also that’s what I call a wrecking ball don’t think it literally broke out tungsten so tell unspeakable if you still want to go in through that protest in on it and don’t use a flamethrower because that would burn the moneyHow do usually from uses a free a flamethrower
No one notices that he should’ve dropped it on concrete instead of grass
I can’t believe Dustin has a literal lightsaber. And unspeakable just has sledgehammers
Un  screw the bolts
I really think that the hacksmith were the most effective
Just dustin idea for the orb:hammer axe spear bat diy weapon Unspeakable :gun hammer axe blender making it relax
Everyone saying that hacksmith weapon is insane:  The hacksmith: it's normal weapon
Maybe send one to m&m
Next time you should send one to MrBeast
So no one used a grinder and just cut it in half?
Teenness
I want one address Carol road 488
So this is why the D20 is useful
It would be cool if you dropped it off a helicopter
should of covered it will petrol and then set it on fire and when the glass has melted a bit while it is still soft you can drop som ething heavy or something sharp on it which will make a hole so it we be alot more easy to break into it.  might need to put ALOT of petrol on it.
You need an antimatter particle accelerator to bust a hole on it
(Twelve sided 3D figure)
I think its a dodecahedron.
Unspeakable Did Amazing Job
The other YT s are way better than Dustin that guy had an freaking plasma cannon
Nothing beats the lightsaber!
Ask the doomguy for help
😂😂😂😂😂😂
3:08 look at his face
I feel like the plastic glass is 4 inches thick of bullet proof glass/plastic and he uses Titanium for the sides
I like Trent when he said I like to break stuff
I would’ve dropped it on a lego... The box would’ve split open in a million pieces...
They need to give one if these to DemoRanch or Kentucky Ballistics
use a tamk
This box, I like it! ANOTHER!
Me a D&D player "that's a D20"
*ahum* Hydraulic press
I Would Use A ScrewDrivee
It would be cool if they gave it to the mithbusters
You need to send it to how Ridiculous
Use a gun
John 3:16-17 – For God so loved the world that he gave his one and only Son, that whoever believes in him shall not perish but have eternal life. For God did not send his Son into the world to condemn the world, but to save the world through him. John 3:16-17 I understand that this is random but I want people to know about Jesus and how He is the only way to heaven. GOD is love❤ if you have questions about Jesus please comment
Who will break it faster. A bunch of Dustin's friends will experience will his boxes, a literal mine craft youtuber... Or the people who make lightsabers and mech suits for fun?
F
The orb looks the one from fast and furious 9
Bro just put the 100 in his pocket and the rest was ones 😔
Just asking if you can come to Bonnieville meet me at Sobey‘s on Sunday
1bruh  you could just removed the scerws   i love  yor chanel
Plot twist: they can just unscrew it
Hacksmith is just using his inventions and I like that it makes the video more entertaining
4:16 trying to break obsidian with an iron pick
What mining redstone feels like 4:17
"unbreakable box" hacksmith "NEVER" breaks open box in one hit
thats no a orb
Send it to HOW RIDICULOUS!!! See if they could break it:)
The magenta cabbage immunohistologically love because persian inversely hand abaft a brown panties. irate, incredible education
Everyone:using weapons to break the orb Unspickable:let’s drop a bowling ball on it
Heres a weapon build idea for trent, buy two sledges and attach a lot of railroad spikes, and make it like a double blades sword
Video idea: 100 layers of the glass used on the orb
did he say sludge hammer?
why does noone super freeze it and then smash it to peices
The song they use from 0:21 to 1:15 does anyone know the name of it?
How much money was the helicopter?
Ware the fuck is james
Cool
I just love the video
How parchese line x protective coating and which website?
Bro a angle Gringer with a diamond blade will easily get you 10k
we got the high tech weapon person, the strong warehouse people with helicopter, and guys with a sledgehammer, a cube, and fire
They all had expensive tools and then there’s just Trent
How about demolition ranch
Can you send one to Kentucky ballistics? Would be nice 😅😆😄
Common Sense would to grind off the welds
%
When u think u smart using dry ice and the smart kid uses a Lightsaber      And  The doom fist looks like the thing from fallout 4
The roasted baby encouragingly test because shampoo pathohistologically suppose including a melted deodorant. abundant, swift chick
Not disappointed at all whatsoever
If the Unbreakable Box is unbreakable use tungsten Steel and Iron Conbined
this dosnt look that hard i could probally do t with the right things
If only there was a screwdriver
Send it to Colin furze😂😂
It hard bcs hexagon
Send that fireball tools way. Sure he’d have fun with it
I like how none of them thought to get 2 crowbars and pry it open
Putting my bets on the Hacksmith Industries
try mr beast
no hate but you people have tiny brains just unscrew it and open the box with the money in it
just use power tools...
Should’ve given one of these to how ridiculous
send it to demolition ranch he could probably break into it
And bowling ball
Unspeakable should use the cube
bro thats the allspark from transformers
What did you guys call mr beast for the heli
Unspeakable won
Unbreakable "Orb" I think that's a prism Dustin, and orb is smooth, that has points and edges -_-
Hack Smith built a light saber that uses plasma
That moment it's an icosahedron not an orb smh
Angle grinder it was take 30 seconds
Luke
Let vat19 do it
Should send one to How ridiculous
I see your friend Unspeakable he's crazy
Send it to how ridiculous
its made from tintanium
Send to demo ranch
How about they heat it till its soft then freeze it then smash it
I love the fact how instead of the weapons/tools breaking the unbreakable box the unbreakable box breaks the weapons/tools
It would be cool if they have one to dangle bros
Did you buy or rent that helicopter?
Trying to break bedrock in minecraft be like
ur so lucky who else get tp say that the where one of the first people to weild a lightsaber
Yey unspseakable and justing are the best youtuber but i hope just gets infinit subs
Give it to demolition ranch it would be cool to see what would happen
Xd i just today i watched that unspeakable video xd
Me i brake the box
Day 25 of trying to get the top commenter badge
Send one to Demolition Ranch lol
Why does Nathan call a cube when it's an orb
In mincraft when you are mining obsidian with a iron pickaxe
Make a box Dad get all your friends to make it together then destroyed in crying all your videos all of them so you can make the world strongest box by
Ik all of them
fr, this all could've been done in 4 minutes. instead of this taking 2 hours, none of them used a saw blade, cut through the metal and grab all the money from the box. it would've been THAT easy bro.
does anyone even notice that this guy pulls the same face, every single video.
Don't tell me that the glass is bulletproof.
see how how ridiculous does against something like this
When are you gonna post another video in JustDustinGames? I'm so excited
Your friends with unspeakable!!!!! OMG!!
His head 🦒
Make another
Mr Beast 2.0
They challenged THE HACKSMITHS?!
You should do one with demolition ranch
So do i
Has nobody heard of a grinder??? These videos would take like 2 minutes
Send one to How Ridiculous
Wow
Me asks somewhere where they let people shoot tanks I need to shoot an object and then if it survives drive over it lol
Hi
Dear Lord, for I am not ashamed of the Gospel ✝✝️🛐🕊 I love Jesus and he loves us! repent before it is to late! ✝️🛐🕊
You could give this orb to a mechanic and they’d be in after 5 minutes
WAS THAT HAVKSMITH?
Do challenge stuck in 150 layers of dry wall like trent stuck in box🤗
JustDustin: Dropping it ???(forgot their name): Bowling ball and Nail Board  Hacksmith: lightsaber and weapons wielded by gods
Mr beast would just pay $100000  to win
Can you please bring back the 100 layer Challenge
Nice video  I like it
Please give one to the hydraulic press channel!!! 🤣
I feel like they do this more for show then trying to break in
Yo
There is a saying work smart not hard so why didn't any of them just remove the bolts
Everyone trying to break the box: use normal methods. Hacksmith: lightsaber goes BRRRRRRR!
100 layers of dry wall
you should send it to preston
I feel like one youtuber was clearly more prepared then the other
I think unspeakable had the best methods
I would build a holder so I can concentrate on one place.
7:28 Alright now our theory is to burn, you see-
They say Thor’s Hammer was unstoppable but this vid = nonsense
unspeakabie video good
Nobady try to unscrew the Box
Can i get a box
Haaaaaaaaaaa
@JustDustin Trent should my a YouTube channel
They should of done it on concrete when they were in the helicopter
unspeakable when he gave it a massage that did the most damage
should of had demo ranch break a box
yeah
Rember oh warehouse where he said he will make a candy house
Still want to see the Youtuber Boxing Match.. is there anyone who can fight That raw Muscle you guys have? maybe let us see you guys get Houston jones vs Trent.  Jones always brags that hes the strongest person ever. i want to see him vs the Hulk XD paint T green.,
Bro immagine if they let trent use stormbreaker.
That is cool 😎
Just give me a plasma cutter ill get into it
Justdustin when the guy used a hammer: and I took that personally
Bro just unscrew the bolts
can i get one XD i wanna try n destroy something like this on my channel
What's funny this video proves humans are not ready for future tech. Ex the light saber. What was with the back pack? There a hard mineral on earth that can create more power with a controllable level control. This why everyone feels the human race is still in its infant stage
why wouldn't  you  drop it  onto concrete
Upload plz
that's an icosahedron, not an "orb"
Dustin you should do a flex paste wall covered in line x
Y don’t u just unscrew the bix
Do more vids like this but with no power tools
Lol the bowling ball just break 4:56
yes MAXIMUM POWER
God damn he just  smacked the thing holding the ball so it was floating for a sec
u know what would have been cool to drop it off the highest point u can find
Unspeakable and Dustin team judt playing around and hacksmith is like lightsaber
But that's not am orb that's a dodecahedron, aka a 20 sided polygon
His car plate is corby521
Make one out of nothing but solid steel and send it to how ridiculous so they can add it to their arsenal
Cool
send these to hydraulic press channels
You should make murch that says not the wall
5:13 The final boss in a nutshell:
Unspeakable got the money
Really want to see how this holds up against channels like JoergSprave
dk why but when i felt bored i watched ur content because its entertaining
At the start I think unspeakable had trouble
Unspeakable easily destroyed it
Use tunscton cube
I can't wait untell Zach is never on this channel again
Looks like a scp
Wen you try it again please give one to demolitionranch
N-Naruto-kun
This is epic
90% of this is YouTube’s showing off cool flexes k owing it’s not actually going to work
Or they can use one of those machines that applies ridiculous amounts of pressure
Why does no one use things like a screwdriver and unscrew it?
wt the end dude looks like he taking his peace of the money
Hey JD can you possibly maybe link the music you use in your videos because that stuff is staright 🔥🔥🔥
noe send it to MrBeast
pretty sure at the end there saw a 100 go into a pocket and the rest just being 1's
If he doesn’t use a real iron man suit in this vid I’m disliking for clickbaiting
you should have sent this to smarter every day
What’s funny is they had a drill and didn’t drill the bolts out
If you gave it to a welder it wouldn't last 30 minutes
Man iv been with u sense 4th grade and I’m going into 9th now
unspeakable thought they were how how ridiculous and Rory is a clown
Yo fr tho should make another video where you rate more weapons you buy online, can’t go wrong with more weapons
Trent : I like to break stuff. Me: 🏃‍♂️
Me: *looks at the thumnail* I'm pretty sure that's an icosohedron
Where's The Comments?                                                                  :)
Can’t wait to see A4s bootleg version of this
I would've just unscrewed   it
An Idea for the next wall vid.  100 layers of cardboard, kinda a callback to your cardboard box vid.
sosoooooooooooweeeeeeaaaaaaaatttttttttttttttt
Why y'all be lying ain't nobody win all this money
I'd like to see how it holds up to Destin's supersonic baseball canon (SmarterEveryDay)!
I love how everyone is starting with small tools for the content except the Hacksmith team
This is what rich people do
No offense but you need smarter friends
Just shoot it with a tank
I would just unbolt it 😂
It's not really an orb now is it
Trent outside: I'm fine Trent inside: I'm not fine
The next one u should send to back yard scientists
always as clickbaity as usual
repent now when there's still time believe and trust Jesus died on the cross for your sins and took the punishment so who ever believes will be saved,
Hey Dustin what about what you said in that quick sand video where you fill a create with orbeez and unlatch it
Justdustin: we have a trent! Hacksmith: WE HAVE A LIGHTSABER
hacksmith: stormbreaker is a decent weapon, just dustin: HAMMER IS UNDEFEATED
I bet you won’t try to break an unbreakable  box with custom weapons for a zombie apocalypse
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
I think u could of just screwed it off
Mining bedrock be like
yo
yuh
everyone using brute force, then hacksmith industry melting it with literal freaking plasma.
OOkay, you got my attention. I watched the full video, what do you want from me?
I thought Trent was the curtain
Why don't they unscrew the orb it would be easier
Recking ball
Cool
unspeakable be using a blender 😭
Why’s they try for it in a blender
Throws it on a field.. really?
I think you need to buy some guns
Wtf i remember when he first made he's account and now he is on 5 mil wow
Why didn’t Trent just eat it?
You should do this with mrbeast
Unspeakable: *messes around*
8:32 you should throw it on the concrete so the impact is greater
why didn't unscrew the bolts
Basically it all ended with a hammer
Hey Dustin! It would be great if you could refrain from saying, “damn”. I don’t enjoy hearing that word. Thank you!
Make a 100 layers of wood video
*Her:* I wonder if he's think about other women... *Him:* ...
Send one to the dangie bros :)
What about a hydraulic pump
12:58 this should be a meme
What about a higrolic press?
you guys are not trying your best to break it if you are get a WRECKING BALL
send unbreakable box to mark rober
Thor: my hammer >:(  Dangie bros:nahh its ok
Why it looks like the allspark from transformers
Would’ve loved to see HowRidiculous go at it but still phenomenal Vid
Dustin you should be proud of yor team
“Why are you still up so late” Me: “ I’m watching a bunch of grown men break sh*t, and I can’t get enough”
The weapons they used were the problem; medium quality weapons and strategy VS an almost perfect steel miracle
They need flex tape, tape it around the tools. 100% will cause A Lot Of Damage
Dustin you have made 100 layer walls before time and time again but have u ever thought about making a 100 layer of dry wall
It remember the unbreakable class box xD
The angle grinder with no eye protection is my favorite part of the video. Makes it obvious who the stupidest people are...
I wonder how many nat 20s were rolled
I watch unspeakable
How does the red heart rebar cross bow not melt
You threw the nail at him lmao
Can you shoot it with a rifle ?
All they needed was literally an angle grinder
Unspeakable might have burned the money
It’s too ez to open it you just need a screw driver or something that takes out bolts
Trent just uses brute strength and always wins
That's not an orb
You are ELITE
Unscrew it...
Minecraft you tubers won lmao
N.                                                       O...
NATIONAL SECURITY IS TARGETING PEOPLE WITH DIRECT ENERGY MICROWAVE SATELLITE WEAPONS FOR MIND CONTROL AND BRAINWASHING EXPERIMENTATION.... I HAPPEN TO BE TARGETED BY THE NSA FOR MUHAMMAD BIN SALMAN AND A RICH ILLUMINATI MAFIA MEMBER.
Lmao who remembers when trent never talked
Send one of these to how ridiculous
It would be cool to see demolitionranch try this
I didnt think unspeakable could do it
Lol unspeakable not taking it serious
Why u didn't send it to demolition ranch 😏?
Hydrolic press channel.
Do it agine  but let the worlds strongest man and try
im at 1:23 so far and i really hope someone tries dropping it from an airplane or helicopter or massive cliff
He is back
That lukes like the allspark from transformers
"yo you got a bolt off"  Translation: "wow you did one damage to the one trillion hp boss!"
My dad: lightsabers aren't real hacksmith: ... you wanna see
dude send this to demolitionranch
It's more like the hardest box to open then unbreakable box
Everyone:using actual weapons  unspeakable:blender
This is what happens when Dustin leaves Trent and Jeremy and Zach alone in the warehouse.
Pls send one to demolition ranch
these are my favorite challenges. please do more
Send me one 😆
Send it to whistling diesel
Is it possible to buy it
The Orb vs nokia hammer?
Should’ve sent this to Demolition Ranch!
Thing: *Exists* Me: "LIQUID NITROGEN!!!"
5:47
I wish you gave it to howRidiculous and they dropped a car on it
Give a box to demolishion ranch
It’s called WELDING it open
everyone else: sledgehammer as a last resort  hacksmith: so we are gonna go easy on you first, lets start with a sledgehammer!
TOO EASY
Everyone else doing this: break it with weapons Me a country boy and a welder: use an oxy-acetalin torch
WOW
This video is great I love it!
Hi
Unspeakable already opened it
Wow the people who did not have the advantage was unspeakable y’all got Trent and the Hacksmith guys had inventions that are cool
1:30 IMPOSSIBLE HOW COULD IT BEAT THE HYDRAULIC PRESS!?
please sent the unbreakable box or cube or orb to people that has strong guns like demolitionranch kentuckyballistics and brandon herrera
I call it the d20
That orb is clearly a d20 am I wrong?
Use a chop saw.done.yoy can tell these assholes have never had a real job
Why didnt they just put it in liquid nitrogen for an hr and then use an industrial hydraulic press?
Easiest way to break it is to use the tools used to make it
Tell your boy trent, his Futhark rune tattoo is spelt wrong
3:15 thanos sword
u should of rented a tank
wanna bet it wouldn't last 30 seconds under a hydraulic press...
Hacksmith wins for sure
I'll say it here - I HATE the YouTubers who don't take it seriously, like Unspeakable for throwing it on a goddamn blender. What the fuck man. A foam Minecraft sword? Fuckin idiot. Like I get it, he's a child's content creator, but maybe act like an adult for once in his life aight?
I have never seen the mighty trent get hurt
9:35 RETURN OF THE MACE
One word, angle grinder
I can do it in 5 minutes hit me up 🤙 Semper Fi
"This is the lock picking lawyer and today we will try to pick the Unbreakable Orb. It looks as unbreakable as it sounds, but is it Unpickable?"
You should make a 100 layers of watermelon wall
It's bedrock
Man said a lightsaber and pulls out a flamethrower 😭
Unspeakable ayyyyy
You're trowing a steel ball is that a Jojo reference
Hacksmith is so cool
IF A4 COPYS THIS IM CALLING THE COPS FR
Man that thing id bedrock dude
I wonder why you did not send it to Hydraulic Press Channel, maybe because they would break it in a minute. It would be easy money for them.
Imagine Demolition Ranch got this box
trent and zac can be glad dustin wasnt around :D otherwisehewould yell at them ^^   edit: nvm he was the cameraman....
X
and not a single youtuber is smart enough to pick up a metabo and spend 30 seconds cutting it in half?  Dumbasses.
I would like a house made out of these stuff
He definetly gave hacksmith the strongest box, and unspeakable the weakest box
Wait for a4
Did they really jus drop it on grass,wtf????
Send one to how ridiculous
This Guy Its Frickin Billionare  (Im New)
Send it to mat vrom demo range
Who won?
Send it to demolition ranch
Remember everything hacksmith used was made by them
People: chainsaw,hammer,  Hacksmith : let's use lightsaber
Bro trent strong though.
Give it to demolition ranch
Hacksmith Could crush it with power loader Also hacksmith Uses lightsaber for fun
dustin do u work for the milatery?
I'm glad Hacksmith industries gave us a show, cuz tbh they could've gotten in really really quick with the iron man cutter
Hi Justdustin
You could burn it up at the top then use the hammer to open while its still burning and thats my idea
9:43 I want this man's scary mask
This was like the most frat boy science boy combo intro I’ve ever seen.
Unspeakable is still relative now days surprisingly
0
?
THAT’S NOT AN UNBREAKABLE BOX, IT’S THE ALL SPARK!!!
🔥🔥
1:13
50 BMG?
Watching people mindlessly destroy something is what I have been looking for💚💙💚💙 My favorite part of this video is 0:00-13:23
I got an idea for a 100 layers of... wires or sheet metal
It looks like the allspark lol
Should of included the dangie bros!!!! There cool and got good content!!
droping it to grass wtf
This feels like a Mr. Beast video.  - An opinion from someone who don’t watch Mr. Beast too often…
That's ganna be 8 hours😂😂😂
It made with netherite
It's not doing eny thing        that's what she said
My comment in the past has come true. I asked for this.
How. Make that
Wow YouTube is going down the drain. This is like a complete trash knock-off of Mr.Beasts channel.
Unspeakable team won?
Trent is the first
Bro send one to AHD’s World  I bet u he can break it
WHO NEW THAT UNSPEAKABLES TEAM GOT FIRST PLACE
Send this to the How Ridiculous guys plz
U need to send this to @Demolitionranch
you have your own strategies to break stuff. You have a Trent
hacksmith: i have a army dustin: we have a trent
How o would have done it:Dip it in liquid nitrogen once it freezes il smash it and it would break
physic brain vs brawl brain
Bruh it looks like the orespark
1.59 he hits his face with the hammer 😀😀😅😖😵‍💫😵‍💫
I miss the wall vids
You should've just got it really cold and then super heated it because then the steel and glass would've had hairline fractured and would have broken on impact
I am not an og to this channel, but that does not many anything I’m a huge supporter and a massive fan. and saw u hearted one of my comments I flipped out keep going Dustin! u will change the world one video at a time.
They make this seem so hard. I could literally get that thing open in 5 minutes 😂
Why did no one just try to figure out how to get the bolts out?
You should give it to demolition ranch 😁
have these dummies never heard of a oxi torch?
Send box to demolitianranch!
Unspeakable break it
Use a heavier sledge hammer on the point. Or chase views.
He found the all spark XD
I wish I had those boxes but I don’t no he ran out but I really want some please money
Omg
Th8s box is so impossiblie because the sides are triangle  the triangle is the strongest shape
I would've use a jack hammer
send one to styropyro he can break it
Liquid Nitrogen
Send one to  Demolition ranch
Everybody besides unspeakable: We need the strongest CREW AND WEAPON'S   Unspeakable: Where were going we dont need weapons we only need the power of imagainaiton
Nice experiment 
You should make a 100 layers of drywall
You should send one to DemolitionRanch!
hacksmith is like modern age vs the other two in the stone age. it just feels like it
Hooks aren't going to fly out of it are they?
Ha the bolling ball just cut in half 😓😕
Wha undpeakable is there cool😎
I mean where does Dustin even get that stuff i mean those things are actually very dangerous
“You spent ALL the money.” “Iiits a helicopter.”
0:26 it feels like it was just trent’s shoes cuz he was wearing all black
Send me one and I’ll break it In 40 minutes.
I saw unspeakable‘s video on this
the ultiate seret was just get soething to pull out the bolts
Please send me one. I can be in,  in a few minutes with a simple pair of hydraulic scissors I have. I could use 10k to build my car
I feel like the hacksmith was the only one with a chance
aait Eric was driving the choppa?
Next video: trent+storm breaker? 🤔
Nice experiment 
This video was Superman reincarnated as an indestructible safe unable to fight back😂
Justdustin you're the best you're the best YouTuber ever let's go bro you're the best you're the best you have the best continent ever thank you for what you do on YouTube it's the best you're the best YouTuber ever seen the world thank you
I wish I could see demolition ranch to get on this action
Justdustin you're the best person ever you're the best YouTuber I love your content it's the best content I love your breakable boxes but thank you for how much like how much effort you guys put into it when you guys are like no not the wall it's funny it's the funniest thing in the world cuz you guys do the funniest
?,,,,,,,
everyone: hammers, axes etc. Hacksmith plasma cannon, light saber, and iron man repulsor
Titanium in late as of steel 👌🏻
That just looks like a metal D&D dice
Hack smith is living in 2050 💀
I don't think its JUST dustin anymore lol
The forbidden piñata 😂
Did u know hydrofluoric acid?
Video idea: unbreakable wall with the hack smiths weapons
i dont know why but all i thought was they were rolling nat ones stilll they rolled a nat 20. ah yes dnd my thoughts have been all over with that
In tha heli they should of did it on tha road instead
The industructable looking thing looks like the all spark from tf
Yo tha skinny dude must be strong like damn he picking those heavy ass weapons
You should send one to demolition ranch
Dustin: Roll a strength check
Send it to Mark Rober!
I want to see Michael reeves try to break one of these and answer the age old question: how many tasers does it take to break an indestructible box?
That's a small axe
5:52 😵
Please send me one
where can you get one?
Wheres Destin and his supersonic baseball cannon?
That one machete has been on the channel since the beginning.
Why is unspeakable here
The only thing I was thinking through this was. Us an angle grinder
Break a hole in it, put an explosive inside and it's certainly open
Using power tools and no goggles is giving me major anxiety
I like the show of different methods on breaking this "cube" Justin's team breaks it with brute strength requiring the most effort. The Hacksmith’s team with their toys needing no effort whats so ever, but still put on a show. It was absolutely fun watching this all go down.
hacksmiths: lightsaber unspeakable: i use nail wood
Give it to a real man it will open oxy acetylene not boys with hand tools or even better just shoot it
Please throw that at my teacher
Send one to demo ranch
Unspeakable be like BURNNNNNNNNN
we all knew nobody stand a chance agains the Hacksmith
“I’m ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵗᵒ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˢᵘᵇˢᶜʳᶦᵇᵉˢ ᵗᵒ ᵐᵉ ᵃⁿᵈ ˡᶦᵏᵉˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ” ……
hello fellow 6 yearolds
LIGHTSABER
I love that Dustin and Hacksmith are friends! I didn’t even know they really knew each other! Yet another reminder that all youtubers know each other in one way or another 😂
Danger
let an emotional teenager like me with extreme anger take it out on that and watch it be in tact :)
Bruh you could get into this in 30s with an angle grinder and a cutting wheel
Man you could use a glass breaker
*Everyone else a smart strategy* Unspeakable: *hmmm yes blender*
Before even watching this... possibly a side wheel/metal grinder? Or rent any dirt moving equipment to drive over it. Boom 10k
Treat Trent better
Ok I know he live in Texas but you should send one of those boxes to demolition ranch I want to see what a 50.bmg does to it
liquid nitrogen.
This box, I like it! ANOTHER!
That is me then i get a coconut
Demolition Ranch is like Justdustin i am waiting.
Throw a Nokia 3310 at it and see what happens
Everyone else : using sledghammers and Tools and throwing it.  Hacksmith: im bout to do a pro gamer move. *grabs a literal lightsaber and burns the whole box out
just try to use a crobar to nock out the nails
If you're full of rage and anger then Dustin can give you stuff to break
Wow a bunch of idiots  No common sense, don't know middle school physics. And no safety glasses sawing?
You should have your group meet the hack Smith and you should visit Nathan
5:38 Hacksmit uses plasma poper These guys: Pateto gun
How is the name of the music 🎶?
I still remember when you only have 200k sub
Nice experiment 
UNSPEAKABLE ARMY FOR LIFE
So pretty much since the box is angle. projectiles can get deflected more
💕
Lol throw it on the grass where its soft
Can we agree the hacksmith had the coolest weapons out of all three teams of people
Make more unbreakable wall vids
Use a press.
If khaby lame was waching this he will say to pull the screws off
Hi
Phil Swift would be proud
Send me 1. I got everything to do it in 10 min in my garage.
I LIKE DESTRUCTION
If someone can find a surface that doesn't move the orb around maybe that could work with the sledgies
Give one to demolition ranch or any of the gun channels sometime
It's called a ZIP disc for the grinder, you're welcome
Maybe use fire to melt to the metal and sledge it so the metal can break
someone give trent stormbreaker
Am i the only one that noticed that some of HackSmith’s weapons are from Avengers Movies-
So grown men acting like children in the cringiest way ever
Been here since your first video Dustin and your probly my favorite YouTuber ever please keep up the content Bc your Inspiring other people to do the stuff you do so keep up the amazing work
Yo Justin you are crazy
That box eats cinderblocks for breakfast
Show some power man 🤣🤣......BDW good acting 🤣
Do a bakflep
Just Dustin and Demo Ranch Question mark
Where is the pain train I miss it
Hacksmite was very gg
1:20 new song, new person to tell me what it’s called plz 2:03 same 2:36 same 4:20 why not this aswell
❤️
Good strat making the metal or whatever that material made out weak maybe a little weak and try destroy it do it again lopp till its broken
6:12 when a enderman touches water
"A new hand touches the beacon"
I want to do this challenge!
Everyone besides the Hacksmith are clueless on safety
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping you from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Now I feel like you are MrBeast😂!!
Justin’s team: actually trying Hacksmith’s team: trying harder Unspeakable’s team: haha blender go brrrrrr
hi
You should send one to demolition ranch
5.01 the best surprised "BRUH" I've ever heard XD
Easy, Hydraulic Press for the win(?)
Right so you put I guy that manufacturers weapons a guy who I have never heard of and a Minecraft YouTuber can you guys who wins that's right the Minecraft YouTuber
I just wanna know who was flying the heli XD
Don't know why they didn't just put it down in the scissor to the scissor lift and squish it that would pop it open
Throw it off the helicopter and land on the soft grass? Silly
his ball launcher is so powerful i turned down the play speed to .25% and its still a blur
I am wondering why unspeakable won't use the power cube of death on the box and the open the other box
Dude these guys will make the weapons of the future, and also maybe you should ask the military to see if they could open it.
This guy deffo watched fast&furious 9 and said i need to build an unbreakable version of that
We went from a plasma cannon to the ...    POTATO CANNON OF DOOM
Wow, I haven’t watched unspeakable in a long time
Outta the three id say hack smith were the best  Gotta use a hot enough cutting source and blunt force
Buys helicoptor *drops object on grass*
Too bad I wasn’t invited
U can send one of these boxes to domilitionranch
Bro, Dustin's crew did it in simple ways❤️
Send it to demolition ranch or Kentucky ballistics
I can do it in an hour
I like how every other team is using different tools and tactics while trent is like "Hulk Smash" and still breaks it
Send it to Mark Rober.,He will destroy it!!
*Hey, to you reading* .. you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.”
stranger things lol 5:43
JustDustin u should make a 10 layers of that it would be fun too wach
I know exactly how to break it with in like 5 seconds lol no explosives, pure reverse engineering, it’s so simple
Hacksmith : lightsaber  everyone else : Bonk
Can't we remove the screws
Unspikable wennn
I wonder if the LockPickingLawyer can get into this one
U should hace sent it to demolición ranch of matt best
10:53 that sounds like a m1 grand ping
You should give one to demolition ranch since demolition is in it’s name 😀
do one with the Hydraulic Press Channel please
I can get into this box..
Nilered should get a chance to melt one of these!
U should send the design to Elon for cybertruck windows
Ok
I don’t care I like watching y’all 🤗
Bruh orb nahh its the allspark carefull if meagtron
$3.23
all they had to do is unscrew it easy
You should have gave one to how ridiculous
You should send one to demolitionranch
Put it on a hard surface and cut a large tree down, such that it's crushed. ...or tie it to the front on a pickup truck and ram truck into tree.
Ummmm why did unspeakable get more views on his video of this than justdustin
Might as well drop a nuke at this point lol
They can try laser, the better option. 😉
Just use malic acid
Did anyone else hear dustan call trent  Katrid or am I tripping 12:30
Plz tell me you sent this to the 44 boys
0:00 13:06
thors hammer is breaking
Hahahha this nioce
Unspeakable hacksmith
FIRST YOUTUBUER TO BREAK MY BONES WINS 10K
Justin’s team: actually trying Hacksmith’s team: trying harder Unspeakable’s team: haha blender go brrrrrr
Why throw it down the soft soil ground?
Why did that guy have a super slicer from fortnite save the world
And yet again Trent for the win with the boys
Sad that they don’t know how to properly use a sledgehammer
Idk if you want to keep your warehouse location lowkey or not but maybe not show the gym if you do i drive past your warehouse often and only realized because of the gym
Best tool a screw driver XD
I think bringing hacksmith into any of these is like bringing a tank to a water gun fight
trents stronger then them all
6:30 you really shouldn't be wearing a safety harness on a scissorlift like that if you fall off, you could end up causing the lift to fall onto you - many scissorlifts have explicit warnings about that
Dustin be like: I brought you into this WORLD AND ILL PUT A LIGHTSABER INTO YOU
hacksmith : uses 1000 degree steel arrow  unspeakable :lets uses a bowling ball
Why didn’t anyone ya e a screwdriver and unscrew the bolts
Try droping an anvil at it
See y’all in another 5 years when YouTube algorithm brings us all together again
Send me a unbreakable box Dustin and I’ll make a video out of it !
your not supposed to put out a metal fire with water it will either not do a thing or take alot of water you should have used foam(if you had foam that is)
Yo I didn't know that one of your crew members could fly a helicopter that awesome and cool
Send one to how ridiculous
Dustin you need to get the storm breaker for Trent
Nothing compares to a trent
Send one to demolition ranch
Not that it wasn't entertaining to watch them try to break it, but I'd like to see how they made it in the first place.
NEVER TAKE THE {REVERSED} ENICCAV THAT MAY BE GIVEN. IT IS A  {REVERSED} DNAB DIA.  GO TO  {REVERSED} MOC.HOEV  ENTER IN SEARCH ENGINE  {REVERSED} RD EIRRAC JEDAM  WATCH 21 MINUTE VIDEO.  WORDS HAVE TO BE REVERSED. i AM BEING SHADOW BANNED ACROSS THE INTERNET.  NEVER TAKE THIS {REVERSED}  ENICCAV.   JESUS  CHRIST IS YOUR ONLY ANSWER TO WHAT IS TO COME.
Justdustin is a goat
The hacksmith are just toying for him and for the video but they can end it within 10 minutes
I could do it 15 minutes tops, all you need is a 1 inch end mill, 350rpms and a vertical mill. You'd be in within 15 minutes
Everyone saying the Hacksmith has the best weapons, like yeah ofc they have better weapons that's what their channel is mostly based on
5:20 You should have put the scene from I think Infinity War or Endgame where they all fight thanos and he goes like  All that for on little scratch  Or something like that  Don’t hate me cause I don’t know
Trent needs to join the hacksmith industries on one of these box breaking videos
Hi
Send one to demolition Ranch pls
lets see if trent can break it
drop it from space just do it
This box is sick you guys should make a giant square box next
he has upgraded...
B.C. and A.D. are timemarks everyone uses. Christ is the one and only Lord and Savior. No peace without repentance and resurrection.
ONE  DRILL IS ALL I NEED
Bro
💛If your reading this:  BE BLESSED x 1,000,000,000!  😊😊🙏🙏💛💛😊😊🙏🙏😊😊💛💛💛😊😊🙏🙏😊😊💛💛😊😊🙏😊😊💛💛😊😊🙏🙏😊
Crazy how team Dustin opened it without power tools and fire! Trent is a powerful weapon!!
Too bad they wont let me take it to my shop.  woulda been in that in no time.
Liberal..  A 50 cal would make short work of that. But then you'd have to buy a gun. A very big gun
Mrbeasts wish version be like:
I knew they where gonna use the light saber 😂🤣
*Megatron would like to know your location.*
I like the orb but I need to see bigger orbs
My name is Justin in irl but I use my mom‘s account
...could send it to me? I'll get in real easily
That looks like the allspark from transformers
If there was a zombie apocalypse I would go to hacksmith
Buen experimento  Nice
I know how to break in easily. Angle grinder.
Unspeakable using flamethrower and sledgehammer just dustin using a plasma blaster and a helicopter
8:30  Perfect idea  Drop it from a helicopter  ONTO GRASS -.-
send one to demolition ranch
90% over enthusiastic theatrics, 10% smart people.
Use laser cutter
Everyone else: creative stuff Unspeakable: glass breaker
@demolitionranch
Make mask wall
🤣
He looks like wynsanity
Get one for demolition ranch
Ask some real men itd be open in 2 min.
D bags
Diamond cutter? No homemade slig shot.  Idiot's.  Thankw for wasting everyone's time d bags.
Dude these gusy HAVE NEXT LEVEL THING DUDE
why didn’t they use the lightsaber first?
I will just leave this with my friend for one day and it will be broken before I know it
Unscrew the screws
Why don’t they just take out the bolts?🤔
Why not use obsidian or harder?
Commen since get a screw driver and undo the bolts
Give one to whistlin diesel
Oh my god I was waiting for this!
My 50BMG will do the job
Ngl I really like the new style Dustin has. It’s much more to the point and feels a bit more natural. Good on you Dustin
The Hacksmith out matches literally everyone else’s ideas
I all ready saw unspeakable got it open
R.I.P headphone users ahhhh why?
I like how the bowling ball got split in half
I would have used a table clap to break it like a egg
Nice experiment 🔥
Is it only me or do the camera man sound like dream?🤣
My money is on unspeakable and I just started the vid
Swwwwwwwwwwweeeeeeeeeeeee
It would be really cool if they sent one to mr beast
maybe send it to the strongest man in the world see preston video with him he's pretty strong im curious
Hacksmith: we will use an cool guns from movies and videogames and a real lightsaber.  Other youtubers: **S L I N G S H O T , B L O W G U N**
Dodecahedron
This box, I like it! ANOTHER!
That was actually sick
Why not take the bolts off ez gg
The orb is not unbreakable as shown  However for normal people like me it is
Unspeakable won
That’s an Icosahedron, not an orb
My name is jimmy
I wanna see trent use storm breaker
What are doing is screwing around
😃😃😃😃😃😃😳😳😳😳😳😳😳
Should've sent it to, how ridiculous
2mins with a plasma cutter and Id win
@howridiculous
Dont look that hard
Congrats on 5 million
The hack smiths have a legit lightsaber
First to get a job wins
Give one to I did a thing and how ridiculous
Hey at least unspeakable rock a bowling ball  In half
a
Why didn’t he just spawn the wither?
I bet I can get into it faster
Gmod irl 4:36
Bro Dustin's " strategy " is just trent
Mark rober would have opened this in 5 minutes.
The fact at the end that he was only holding 112$ is confusing my mind 13:08
oh no zach has the power of creative mode this is badd
Screwdriver
IS that the allspark?
Bro Zach needs like a warehouse just to destroy stuff
Send one to mr beast
The hack smith can go over kill if they want but the video got to be long
You should have hack smith send you a couple of weapons to add to the inventory
Trent is like the big fun lovely guy
you should have got smartereveryday, they have a supersonic baseball cannon
You should have given the dangie bros one
*drops orb out of helicopter* *people look down expecting damage* *orb* wassup
Wow this wonderful ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Today was a good day ,chickstrip basket from DQ was a hit👌🏼and This girl I been wanting to talk to said she is free tomarrow💪🏼what do i say y’all🤯 … take her out to eat/invite her over/go somewhere chill/ext… I wanna make sure I do this one right yall💯
That’s why Trents favorite weapon is the sledge
they need to drop from the helicopter on to helicopter
no way they know how to fly a helicopter
When the military hires just Dustin to make a military vault
Literally use a hydraulic press
too bad they don't know about chemistry
Should make one with just toungeston metal
Just so you know certain types of steel get stronger when they’re cold and -66° is not cold enough
How ridiculous  Collin furze mark rober
Send one to demo ranch
you should have a time limit they break it within the time limit without using power tools and fire they win the money  outside the time limit they can just break it Open in either give you back the money or donate it but they don’t get to keep it
Hemmmmmmmm
Trash
@ how ridiculous I think they could do it
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates 🎈
Too bad you couldn’t give him the cube from Pinhead. 😈😈😈🤣🤣🤣
I feel like this video would be like 2 minutes if they used a drill press
The picture looks like the allspark
This video looks like it’s gonna be sick
I'm really surprised no one tried rapid cooling after heating the metal. But then again, it totally wouldn't have worked.
Lol
.
Give this orb to plainrock124
Ng goo
Who the dummies hitting it with a bat 😆
Eric can just fly a helicopter
Hi
I would driver over with street making maschine,  with a big * walze* in Front of it..
Yes
I can have that open in about 12 seconds
Nice lol
He should send one to colin furze
Can you send to dangie bros again pls:<
They need to send one to the champs from the last box the dangie bros
Everyone else dropping it and using thanos sword and crap:  Trent just breaks it open wit a sledge:
Omg I wish I was there
thats what a sawza is for
Maybe @Mark Rober
Dude Dustin has been killing the game
Do a guns
13:12 😂😂😂😂
They got a helicopter for this, props to them
Love your videos!!!
They could of used a buzz cut it would of been way easier
Bro he actually noticed me now way dude
MORE WALL VIDEOS!!!!
YOUR NOT THE FIRST IM SORRY
Give one to king of random
Was using a vise against the rules?
Hey guys try and get titanium
Cocoa
My favorite part is when the gladiator broke into it 🤣
Oh okay . NOT TE CURTAINNNNNNNNNNN!!!!!!!!!
Now thats not a lot of damage 😂🤣🤣🤣
Evryone else just normaal hacksmith God
Unspeakable did it easy... Gg
You could change your name to JustinDustin
@unspeakable (idk how to do it)
Put a treat inside and give it to my cat.  5 minutes, tops.
A dodecahedron is one of the strongest shapes geometrically because it has all the strengths of the hexagon, but it removes the weakness on the flat side by making it pointy.
Hey Dustin, how much time did u spent making all of the orbs? Like theres many orbs u made, i think its pretty tiring to make tons of orbs
Hacksmith will break this right away
Hacksmith:We have a lightsaber!  Zach and Eric:We have a Trent.
Give a unbreakable box to the spy nnjas
Sorry I did it first in the video
I think he gave one to Preston or unspeakable
give it to demolitionranch
At least you can say you've used a Real Life Lightsaber.
Another day another banger
Could've just chucked a Nokia at it
BOO
It’s called the allspark
POV: dustin started playing DnD and used the template from a d20(dice with 20 sides)
Justin’s Gang: Hammer Unspeakable: Hammer Hack smith Industries: plasma cannon, infinity gauntlet, infinity blade, missiles, iron man armor, light saber...
Shot an RPG and it will break easy right?
The alspark
Youtuber are insane but normal people are normal
I see thats gonna be a lot of likes!
Zack that scene at the end was hilarious
You should send one to preston
You stuck a bunch of simpleton meat heads against the big brain Hacksmith crew.
Imagine u gave the storm breaker to trent😂🤔
Do more 100 layers of
@MrBeast :)
you will never understand until it happens to you...
I like how Trent just used regular weapons to break it and the other went hardcore on the box lol
Imagine adding line x
I like how they threw the metal object at wood trying to break it
Bet Dustin could break it with his fist
Use compactor - Done.
I don't think I've ever seen something that Trent with a sledgehammer can't break.
hacksmith industries has officially the most insane inventory
what if just what if they threw it into liquid nitrogen n smashed it
Hacksmith: *use lightsaber to open the orb* Trent: The force is with me!
Unspeakable broke it
How many sides does that thing have? 15?
When will you make your channel t-shirt ...please make your channel t-shirt and also the coffee mug ... i am really waiting for that man love you so much and also love from INDIA...😍😘😚
yee
Who else immediately skipped Trent’s bit as soo as he said light saber
Dudeeee this was siiiiccckkkkkk! What a Chad!
Dangie bros
Hack smith: melts it   Unspeakable: puts it in a blender   Yes I see the difference here
And why would U drop it on the nails I'd lift it over my head then yeet unless it's heavy
It looks like the fortnite chest in a crystal
What's funny is that they could just be safe with an angle grinder
Demolitionranch 50cal vs orb would be absolutely epic😍😍😍
I love how all u need is actually a screwdriver
Please give some of these to chemistry youtubers. NileBlue, or the guy with lasers(forgot the channel name). Would be cool to see them melt the box  Also, JoergSprave will be able to show off an ACTUALLY strong slingshot
Let Trent do all of it Trent is the strongest
the reason why james (the owner of the hacksmith channel) isnt in the video is because he recently broke his hand due to a recent accident. You can check it out either at the end of the Winter Soldier arm video or the baseball cannon video.
Liquid nitrogen.  Done.
5:13 Trent playing a risky game
Does anyone else miss the 100 layer wall videos
BRUH!
Bro just throw a megaladon is like 15 tons
Use a screwdriver to unbolt it best plan
Don't let Trent hit a rubber with a weapon may bounce back to his face damn😬😬
Coool
Beans
2 of the teams are just people And the other is Hacksmith with a team of engineers, a power loader, giant plasma popper, wrist mounted plasma cutters, a few protosabers, and a lightsaber  Pretty sure everyone knew who would win from the start  They could have broken into it right away but instead decided to just hitting it with some other stuff, you know, for content
"Human Brain Is Very Complex And Advanced" - Human Brain
Very nice Very nice Very nice video bro I love I love it
Can’t u just screw the bolts out
Welcome to Orb Industries
Wow
Things i want to see in wrestling team Dustin: Trent vs mrbeast: jake the viking
i watch unspeakable unbreakable cube and thats it
jk
Mrbeast
Man Unspeakable used to be cool T-T
Trent…in pain………IMPOSSIBLE
How does unspeakable break every unbreakable box or shape
I can do it in an hour
damn
why u throughing  it on grass its is soft
Give HOW RIDICULOUS a chance
Could u give one to mark rober?
Unspecable opened it
that bowling ball was to young to die
It whould break og you dropt the thing on the concret in the helicopter
Dangie brosss plastic bat
You should do a 1000 or a 10,000 layer wall with hacksmith
Petition for trent to cosplay as doom slayer and rip as much things possible
GIVE ME I WILL BREAK IT
Trying to destroy a d20.
1:12 When your mate is on the other side if the field but your playing baseball with your other mate
Hey Dustin could you send me one of them I bet you I can break and do it in less than 10 minutes
@SSSniperWolf and darhmann
Is nobody going to address that Trent is the only one to split the cage IN HALF?!?! And with nothing but pure gains 💪🏼💪🏼👊🏼
When Dustin's away, his bois play
Why WHY
Everyone else: Using hammers and helicopters Hacksmith: USING LIGHTSABERS AND IRON MAN GEAR
Couldn’t you use the tools that made it to break it? Just curious
Nice man
5:20  "not bad for a piece of bolt"  figure out the reference ; )
THE MAC EE IS BACK
i mean i would have just drilled a hole into it and then put water inside then put it in the freezer  it would have just expanded and broke it open i know science
Hacksmith: uses all mighty power to break it   Unspeakable: uses things they can find around them   Dustin: SEND IT TO HEAVEN
Give one to Shadiversity, it'd be neat to see how he'd handle it
Just land the helicopter on the box
It’s not an orb
Loot bot here
The truck that has like a hook on it crush it with that use the hook
How about use a truck and crush it
why challenge somebody that has 2 world records
Me and Trent in the corner we like to break stuff😂 lol
I don't know why I love your videos
I think you can put the unbeeaking metal thing to cover the hole car so the car will be so protect
Hack smith is using their own weapons but unspeakable just buys theirs
Cool
Dustin's crew: concrete. We dont know what we're gonna do next if it doesnt work  Hacksmith crew: **use concrete as a fricking stand**
😎
I want to see what mrbeast would do with it if he got one
Zach. And Trent got that Yung boi energy
bruh unspeakable didnt use his tank on it sad
Unspeakable did it
This is the best video on YouTube
Pack you
ayo where's demolition ranch
use a gun dummy
AWESOME VID !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I bet if Dustin gave me a cube money or not I would just be whacking it 24/7 with random stuff till it broke lol and I would like to is there a way I can get a box and destroy it? Just for the fun I will put it on YouTube for Dustin or let the video be on his channel
He did it again
Just Zach at the end low key stuffing money in his pocket while watching Dustin do the outro killed me😂🤦🏻‍♀️
That ain’t no helicopter that’s a big drone lol
unspeakeble1!!!!
Shame on trent
That is probably the strongest D20 (20-sided die) I've ever seen...
Who needs a power loader when you have a Trent
looks like unspeakable broke in the cube
Send it to @MrBeast
Imagine the worlds strongest man against this thing 🧐
im a big fan
“demolition ranch” … make it bomb proof
wellcome to russia dudes 😂
I agree with frxsty demolitionRanch would be amazing just imagin having a real fifty BMG on your channel for what I know the first time.
Send it to me. Im 50 and guarantee i could bust it open with just a sledgehammer.
Plz more Thanks 💪💪👌
Ug..  Tryin' hard to get into it by dropping it onto a grassy field from a helicopter, or rolling it down a grassy hill?  lol, you guys weren't trying to break it. :(
Unspeakable: a blender Hacksmith: movise weapons  Justdustin: trent
Everyone else: has all different ways of getting into the box Zach and Eric: well we have a Trent
I think the Dustin team is the only team that is not trying to burn the money 💰!
Balls
Damn i was hoping How Ridiculous would be in this
Bro  why did you drop it on the grass and not the concrete
It is a dodecahedron
@Funk Bros
@FunkBros
Just shoot it
I know the hacksmith and unspekable they are my favorite yutuber
So just had a feeling of Dasha vu because I remember having a dream about this a couple months ago and this video was not even up
How to see who Dustin is interested in: The fact that Dustin send the orb himself twice to one guy only
Use a  wrench
use a hand grenade
All you need is a trent
Ever try dry ice 🤔🤔🤔
Give it to Markiplier and his army of idiots.
4:17 is the minecraft moment lol 😆
Unspeakable has broke the orb
What's funny is that Dustin sent the box to the hacksmith a team who makes fictonal weapons real, and one to unspeakable a guy who's content is yelling and repeating video ideas
Justdustin team: trying but failing  Unspeakables: goofing around Hacksmith industries: AVENGERS ASSEMBLE!!!
I love how everyone else has actual weapons except unspeakable
so apparently eric can fly a helicopter
My first thought would be to drop it from a building
Can't they just unscrew the screws
They probably did more damage to the weapon than the box. Congratulations of 5 mil subscribers
No william osman with his battlebot tis sad
When Trent broke it instead of hulk smash I said Trent smash
Next time give it to demolition ranch
*Give it to Dangie Bros*
That’s the allspark from the new Transformers Netflix series
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .
What ever the hack smith had with the baseball launcher where do I buy
Aye it unspeakable
We have evolved from the unbreakable box to the unbreakable ORB.
Me just prys out the nails
Just Dustin is never going to see this but I literally just watched unspeakable’s full video and then I saw this
drops on grass
30 bucks and a dream I can break in to this
So we not gonna talk abt how Zack took that bills with no one noticing
I love Zach 💞💕🤩🤩🥺🤩🥺
Give ine to how ridiculous , demolition ranch and vat 19
alright, i want to see what a 50 BMG does to this thing
Unspeakable broke it with a chesel and a hammer XD
Those poor boxes 😞
I love how trent said "I like to break stuff"
Bro your video is super bro
Instead of dropping it on grass u can drop it on something hard
A NEW HAND TOUCHES THE BEACON
not the garage
Hey Dustin you should make one a triangle because this are proven to be the strongest shape.
I think it would be cool if the sent it to Mr Beast
a Fresnel lens at 12 noon for 30 mins would have burned right through it. lol
U guys just jealous because unspeakable break the cube ore
wow unspeakable team is in fire and they dint use power tools they like the building tools
You should send one to the king of random
20 years later try to brake the earth core
Love the videos. Here’s a cool idea. Have the youtubers make the unbreakables and whichever channels takes the longest to break wins.
Jesus loves y’all so much and never forget that and Jesus died on the cross for our sins and rose the third day God bless
Dustin gives me a box  Me: unscrew’s it free money
Lit always bringing out goods interesting vids for us to watch :)
Can you use PPE
Everyone: this is so hard! Hacksmith: Haha fire go brrrrrrrrrrr
Laughing as i rent a backhoe and flatten it!
Unspeakable team Vs Just Dustin team  Vs Hack smith team
do more of these please
Heat it op and hit it
Do a colab with a weapon building channel
Send this to How Ridiculous too
Have you ever tried using titanium?
Heavenly Father I pray that you keep the person reading this alive, safe, healthy and financially blessed amen
Hi
banger videos weekly
Yooooo spud gun!!!
I would have definitely recommended a Javelin anti tank missile or a tow missile
Dustin is an engineer
I see Unspeakable
9:36 “LET ME DO IT” 😂
James doesn’t know what a dodecahedron is (I think that is what the shape the thing is)
Give this to any council estate kid and watch how quickly they get the money out
What does your shirt stand for
Dustin should buy a kanabo
Make a custom box for demolitionranch
I feel the hacksmith could have broken into it early on but wanted to put on a show, the other group seemed messy and felt like power tools was just cheating, but Dustin's team if they dropped it on a harder surface from the helicopter it might have worked better then grass lol
Hacksmith are a bunch of engineers. And these guys are a bunch of fools who are tryin to break it with a base ball bat
@JustDustin can you send an orb to @Preston plz XD Btw I love all you vids!
Dustin don't lie you just wanted to play with toys so you have one to the hacksmith
All you need is a Sawzall
I love how I could break in to the box in 2 hours
Fill it with msg and give it uncle roger
Also love your content
I like how everyone uses conventional tools/store bought things like a helicopter I guess then the hacksmiths uses like Thor’s hammer, doom fist, etc.
Yo did Dustin go to Kitchener?
One of the first 23k people to like
Unbreakable my ass send me one have it done in 10 hours I bet you you won’t prob won’t notice but if you do contact me bet
I might have liked it when he reacted to unspeakable's video because he really just showed some different clips, but I still love his videos even his reaction channel.
Why use weapons when you live near a railyard or train tracks like me   I like trains
No one noticed that that’s the all spark from transformers on Netflix
Lol I just watched the other un breakable boxed and cube right before this just making sure I’ve watched every vud
What did James call it at 3:57? Lol
Fun and creative idea more like this please
Bro your videos are beyond amazing keep up the good work👍🏽
Trent
This is the time when Vat19 use their guns again.
Give one to carter sharer :-)
You guys should get one to how ridiculous
Or did anyone think of superheating the ball then dousing it in liquid nitrogen and smash it
The orb looks like the allspark from transformers
I love how unspeakable is using bowling balls and spike boards but hack smith industries is using plasma cannons
Sooouuuwwweeeee
First thing that comes to mind is to use the small end of a pickake
@Vat19
Best ever  YouTube channel
This one is A LOOOOT better than first one!
I bet icould get ito it thats a challange send it to ll16 4bw
Who is stronger? Power Loader or Trent?
The few hardest things to break in the world Bedrock,Steel,Titanium JustDustin : no, it’s the unbreakable orb
Next make a unbreakable Cynder
the unbreakable thing looks like the allspark lol
You should send one to DudePerfect I don’t know what they would do to it but it would be fun to watch
Good ol' low-tech trent. No fancy lightsabers- just muscle man doing his thing.
I love this mans videos
Nice
@preston
How about and unbreakable sphere made out of bulletproof glass
JustDustin  you should do another one but inside the box or cube is a phone or a note that says a phone number so first YouTuber that calls wins
Demo ranch
Dustin should do a Collab with Demolition Ranch.
Vroom vroom
DemolitionRanch needs these unbreakable boxes.
@markrober
@markrober
@gaming with. Ham
Now this is lockdown content
I love how unspeakable tried using a blender lol
It would be stronger if it was a ball instead of a dodecahedron
Yang selalu ku tunggu, tolong upload setiap hari . Please. Im from indonesia love your contain
Why dont bring a gun or a tank
Do Slogo, jelly,ciraner
Hacksmith uses a bunch of unique weapons  Unspeakable uses a literal massager gun
why didnt they drop it from the helicopter to concrete, would have done a lot more damage
You should send one to demolition ranch
0:25 For a sec I didn't see Trent because he blended in with the curtain lol
That looks like the allspark from transformers🤯🤯
Why is Dustin not the CEO of a safe company?
I say you send one to wolfie
Just take it a part
@TheBackyardScientist
@How Ridiculous
Hacksmith: I have a lightsaber Dustin: We have a Trent
@KabbyLame would make this so much simpler. just send the orb to him....
I could break that super easy
it melts from the heat
flame thrower
8:21 They should have just used drones to drop it from a high position Also should have put something really hard and sharp under the targeted impact zone.
Ya know what’s funny. The hack smith could’ve just used the iron man glove and cut through it but said how he just wanted to use the lightsaber too 😂
hi
Should have sent one to PrestonPlayz. That would have been fun to watch since they have an assortment of weapons and tools to break things
I'm curious about how will the How Ridiculous team will open this. Drop it on their giant wedge?
Remember how awkward and quiet trent use to be?. 😂
Should of brought out the lightsaber hacks smith
how many orbs did you make
Is it me or do Dustin and unspeakable look a lot alike
Two other good candidates for this would have been DemolitionRanch and How Ridiculous
Do an unbreakable pyramid next
Unspeakable broke into the box
Sorry but its hard to belive thet you are making this bocses with youer hands masins yiu know what i am saying
The bigass bearded guy reminds me of the kid when you were growing up who would always get too riled up and take things too far.
Sup
I see a tesla drive on the roof
Been subbed over two years maybe 3 and you still put out the best content :). Keep it up dustin
That orb literally looks like the allspark from transformers
You should give a challenge to  WD
I saw the hacksmith video just now
You should send one to how ridiculous
Wow amazing ...
They should use a hydraulic press
You should build a prison cell like a real kinda one and they have 24hours to brake you out (everything will be like a normal prison cell with all the essentials)
You should get How Ridiculous to drop this off the tower
What happened to the hacksmith
The dude with the light saber after it was on fire put water on it so it made it stronger what he should have done was hit the metal while it was hit so he could shape it
Next 100 thousand years: DESTROY THIS GALIXY AND GET 1,000,000,000,000,000,000$
D20
“Rent a private helicopter and only drops it from 100ft”😂😂
DemolitionRanch vs Unbreakable box/orb when?
Nathan
Oh sick hacksmith is in this
Why is james not in the video
The hacksmiths are the power house of weapons
@MrBeast
Can you make a video of trent vs a world strong man in breaking something
If unspeakable breaking a bowling ball was impressive @how ridiculous is a great choice, they have much experience dropping and breaking things. Would love to see an atlas stone or the like dropped on it from their tower.
😍 trent 👌💪💪
Attach the orb on a chain And you have weapon (flail)
Trents catchphrase should be “I like to break stuff”
ik everyones asking but u should try with demolition ranch but make it harder might be easy with his guns lmao
cool
It would have been cool to see how ZGB studios would have tried since they're all medal winning weapon experts.
Really bought a helicopter and didn’t drop it on the cement
Ik where that hill is its greens creek
I love the fact that everyone besides the Hacksmith are clueless on safety. It hurt to watch someone who knew nothing about power tools to use an angle grinder without any eye pro.
unspeakable
That was insane especially  the lightsaber that thing was insane
Ik it's in another country but I bet u TGFbro would smash the thing @TGFbro
Trent's personality is just so much fun!
This just helped prove how destructive Trent is
Demoranch PLZ
I like the just dustin crew’s way, power tools are just cheating
Make the next one have tungsten it is very hard to melt and titanium is as strong as stainless steel but lighter
Looks like a d20
Hi 👋!!!!!!!!
Easy use the crusher  *easy money
Give one to demolition Ranch 🐸
mark rober
Rip the headphone users
Sooo cool one of the team burns through other team freezes And makes it brittle and then they just shatter it and the other team is just going in with brute force! Amazing and cool
Try using an hydraulic press
5 min in the press and this box would be toast
I was literally hoping you uploaded a vid today too
please send one to demolition ranch
Yoooo it’s been so long since I’ve watched ur videos, congrats on 5mill and rip the team alboe vids 🙏
you have one team using homemade machines and another team using a slingshot made from rubber bands and cardboard
Hi justdustin ive been a fan for over 2 years
Was legit watching the another box episode yesterday and now another one
evil has to be i seem him on every YouTube video I watch
Make a really unbreakable orb titanium and unbreakable cube u have to break
congrats 5M subs
yeah unspeakable is not the brightest
Just dusted you should post one big vid with a famous forge dude and furge a un breakable fall
I’m so glad you’re getting back into this type of content keep it up
👈🏻👈🏻👈🏻Check out our new pancake art challenge with Harry and Elsa🥞🥞🥞
It’s wired that Dustin’s own team was the one straggle to break it the most
1:12 OMG when Trent hit the thing instead of the ball thing 😂
That's from the new transfomer cartoon same shape
You needed to cover the sides of the money case with metal so it couldn't be split so easily.
Maybe you can do a honderd layer wall of lava or wapens
is he in 2 places at once
Yes you saw it right Eric was flying a helicopter
You know it's good if they have to resort to elemental damage
imagine if it just broke after the first hit
I would dump it in lava
Trent is just one of those people that when you see them in public you just kinda turn around and walk the other way . Lol I’m kidding
I know this from unspeakble video in gym
Alright so now I know you are in fact rich pretty cool
You forgot someone, demolition ranch
Zach should have used HammerTat
3 teams 😂 .. the noobs, the stupids and the pros
Get a tank
Trent is just superior look at him Breaking with only a sledge
send it to official duck studios they will find a way in
Someone should have used a hydraulic press
I would of p!ssed my self laughing if trent just crushed it
Unspeakable broke it already
Yea
Give one to Dangie bros I wonder what they will use to break
Unspeakable broke it
OHHH MY LANTA!!! Zack?!
trent needs a storm breaker
unspeakable broke into the box real easy
it’s not an orb it’s an icosahedron
Send one to Mr. Beast and watch him shoot a missile at it
Try and make a Unbreakable armor or a tank and sent it to hacksmith
Yessssso
Zach at the end pocketing the money 😂😂😂
Zach's face when opens it....he just realized trent is super human........SSSOOOUUUWWWEEE!!!
dope
SEND THE ORB TO ME!! LOL
Why does no one just unscrew the bolts... 🙃
Finally someone used a plasma cuter and someone else used an angle grider
To me that worm looks like the allspark from Transformers
:(
we are to early
Knowing I would find a shortcut. Maybe cutting the screws the box  together or a laser to melt the metal enough to get in.
Hacksmith arrives: Amatures
I know how to break it remove or corrode the bolts
Nuke? Nah just tell Trent to punch it and it will break XD
I think we can all agree Trent's going to break in it first
Hacksmith: we have Ben toying with you now to do some real damage with the hammer ( does absolute no damage )
Everyone  else has cool weapons but he have a trent
We like braking stuff sent from just Dustin lol
If y’all sent me one it wouldn’t last long. I own a plasma cutter that can cut right through 2 inches of steel like butter
you should send one to how ridiculous
Sent it to MR Beast.... He probably sent 100000 dollers to break it.....
I could do it with a concrete saw
You sent a unbreakable orb to the people that have a light saber what could go wrong
a bit of science and all thing are possible!
Where did y’all get your shipment of Vibranium
Justin’s team: actually trying Hacksmith’s team: trying harder Unspeakable’s team: haha blender go brrrrrr
Unspeakable with your box he already broke it
The forbidden dice
Can't tell if you bought or rented the helicopter
The blender part made my brain melt🥴
Do a video with unspeakable please 🥺
I could break it open in less than 2 hours
Why not let how ridiculous get a go at it? You scared they will get in easily?
Everton other than hacksmith: We only have super sledges :c Hacksmith: L I G H T S A B E R
New emeny
Maybe you should do @MrBeast
first thanos blade stuped disine for a weapon second he didn't even hit it with the sharp part he smacked it with the side of the blade what's with that shotty bladesmen skills
Use the light saber
It looks like an unbreakable die 20
Nobody: Rust players: 4:18
Y E S
Dustin you a like detective Danny Williams from Hawaii five O xd
Is this a orb?
Dustin please do another amung us video I love your videos
Send one to Cletus McFarland. Tell him you want to support the channel/track. We see how Floridan man's break in.
The telling vulture reversely disapprove because temperature focally pine up a vivacious lamb. unusual, outgoing carol
Epics and cools!
Sending one to mark rober will be cool
you should get hacksmith to make trent a weapon
Imagine having a sphere  Unbreakable box, that would be insanely strong. Coated with a layer of Titanium. Then add some of that glass fiber or whatever. Finally add some Kevlar inside. Hopefully, that would make it almost indestructible.
Unspeakable broke in your orb
Ps: Love your videos and I'm using my mothers account :)
You should send one too how ridiculous!
Wonder if you can just induce enough current to melt it.
so probably don't make or use a nuke if possible for you guys
and can make people in the radius will die or get severely injured and also die of radiation poisoning
I always thought that unspeakable and Dustin looked a lot a like
hmmm a nuclear weapon is impossible to mend and make and can destroy the whole radius of kilometers soo thatll be impossible sorry to say
Where's james
This orb looks like from game about cleaning
He never fails to disappoint
Preston plays
People say orb I say d20
i would’ve just shot it
Cool
Keep up the good work
Lol you are the best YouTube or ever
It would be cool if they gave it to Preston
1:13 magic 🤣😂🤣😂
just dustin has a boot-leg viking
Buy the hulk!
Send one to stuff made here
@arconnelly53
My moneys on hacksmith
I just Watch the one of hack smith before your
Send on to How Ridiculous!!! They would have that cracked open the quickest
send me one ill break it in ten minutes
Next video should be Trent + storm breaker
If someone could make a truly indestructible box it would be Hacksmith Industries ngl.
a-a-a-a-a a- a lightsaber!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!😱😱😱😱😱
challenge Demolition ranch, that would be interesting
Smart move going to the hacksmith. They've got the tools for the job for sure😂
SuuuuuuuuWeeeeee
This video really just proves that you don't need fancy weapons or crazy tactics to open a crazy tough orb but just one TRENT! 🤣
Hate to brake it to you Dustin... But I don't think that's an orb
I love how trent just hit the stand and the orb just sat there for a sec like am I supposed to fall now
Send one of that thing to kim jung-un
I love Trents tatoos with the elder futhark runes
I would have just used a hydraulic press
What if you drill a hole, fill the box with water and then freeze it?
U shod send one to Kentucky ballistics
Unbreakable JustDustin💥💥💥
How cool do you have to be to say “get the lightsaber”
Am I the only one who forgot about UnspeakableGaming?
@Demolitionranch let mat loose on it
O I like your cut G
Everyone: uses sledge hammer  Hacksmith: uses lightsaber and ironman plasma cutter
here I'll say It NOT  THE WALL!!!!!!!!!! (1:26)
5:10 all that for a scratch
Super cool!
Did you gave it to dangie bros too?
drop it like me as a child : /
Well this didn't last long 😂. I just watch the Hacksmiths video before this.
Hi just Dustin haven’t seen your videos in a long time  🥲
I’ve been subbed to Hacksmith and I was expecting them to easily break the orb, but it took them longer than expected.
Hhhhiiiiiiiiiiiì
Yo this makes me remember the unbreakable glass box
give me a cutting torch and 30 minutes I'll be in
everyone except the hacksmith have like four brain cells
@demolitionranch
Mark rober
Was Eric driving the helicopter?
Nice
Yuh😂🔥💯❤
People think Dustin is just a immature person that likes to break things but the truth is he is super smart he covers all the grounds on theses things he’s a genius
Justdustin bois: the brute force bois Hacksmith bois: the smarty bois Unspeakable bois: the weird bois
YOU DONT HAVE THE BALLS TO SENT IT TO MATT(DEMO RANCH) HAHHAHAAH PLS DO IT
You give everyone a cube with 25,000    But with the hack smith only 10,000 ish      I think I know why
I will break it in 20 min with my grinder..
Dustin with the unbreakable safes again
Don’t ignore the fact that Trent and the squad broke it w no power tools or wonder weapons 😂
Unspeakable and hacksmith: *do all the best as they could  Trent: *just smashing it contiously
Hacksmith got the best weapons
Wait how old is Trent
👍my brother could probably make a even harder metal box to break into. That one was good though. @ TravellingMobstr could do it!
"let's use the lightsaber" You mean customised blow torch there pal?
Wow noice
Dustin should biy weapons from the hacksmith
Out of all three of the YouTubers breaking in hacksmith had the most badass weapons edit: ....
Make it a sphere so it distribute all the pressure on it so it's harder to break
Triangles are the most structurally strong shape
*ANOTHER HAND TOUCHES THE BEACON*
Smart idea to put a curtain over the walls or you were going to have broken walls for days
Sawzall and electric drill
Nah bro that's the all spark from transformers
Do an arm wrestling contest with unspeakable and hacksmiths industries 😈
Hold on a minute... can Eric pilot a helicopter?
My question, could you just take out the bolts and pry it open
Haha trent AT the beginingwhen he Said i like to break stuff came in AT the perfekt time lmao
Take trent to the hacksmith warehouse to use stormbreaker
im early
Tie it to the front of a car, wait a sec, DON'T!😳🤣
Swift boy cam out with flex max
I want to see this box underwater outside a sub so it explodes
Content ratings: just Dustin 7:10   Unspeakable 2/10  Hacksmith 6/1  Reply is you disagree
sheesh
Did the dangie bros get one?
Was Eric flying the helicopter
Pog
Why don't they just unscrue the bolts
Send it to how ridiculous
Have any of these guys watched Scorpion, or Macgyver? One of those things can break it open, without getting themselves killed.
yeee
@demolitionranch
I Ben legit wating for this creativity is key on this channel 🔥
Guys I need your help and no I am not a bot, I’m in a sub race to 100 with my friend I’m at 40 he’s at 41, if you can help me get to 100 before him, that would really make my year.
Incredible
Me watching this after watching unspeakable his video: .0.
Ayo set a time to break and save ur money😏😏 BTW luv u guys❤️❤️
Demo ranchhh let matt hit it with the 50
I love his videos
no other channel can compare to hacksmith they think a bat will do nah, you need a lightsaber
you need to send the next one to me
You should give this to demolition ranch
I Love JustDustins videos It s like holiday no joke is true
Why don’t you go higher in the helicopter lol like 150 metres high
Next time they just need some tanerite
Dustins brain: box =orb
Big smash
It looks like the allspark from transformers
Bedrock orb
you are probably richer than Mr.beast
I love Trent ❤️❤️❤️
They should do it on cement
I like the hack Smith because he has crazy weapons
bangerr
Dustin should add the unbreakable orb to his weapon collection
4:15 literly me when i try to break badrock in minecraft
Dustin why did you say yo for when the concrete broke in half a bowling ball split in half
The dangie bros would break in using a plastic batt
Absolutely love these videos
Demo ranch, kentucky ballistics and how rediculous all need to get their hands on this
Can you send me one box like that dustin i think i can open it
Gotta send one to Demolition Ranch, get him to shoot it with an AP Incendiary 50 BMG
I literally just watched unspeakables video on this lol 😂
I wonder if it could take a tank round
The long awaited sequel
@DemolitionRanch and @kentuckyballistics will make a helluva videos  Also, dayum, Trent is an absolute unit... he broke a damn thing with no power tools unlike everyone else.
The boys and unspeakable : beat the crap out of it. Hacksmith: super weapons and destroy it.
The unbreakable icosahedron lol
Send it to demolition ranch
Why didnt I see mr beast he would probably rent a volcano for a day
The "unbreakable" boxes, cubes, spheres etc are easy to break if you know what you are doing. Would take less than 60 seconds to get inside any of them.
Yoooo that plasma popper was the coolest thing ever
That’s a D20 lol not an orb
The best fighter of them all not even Thanos could snap out of existance *Iron Trent*
U should send one to jlaser videos
Unspeakable's team: Sharp things Hacksmith's team: Futuristic weapons Dustin's team: TRENT
JustDustin team, Unspeakable: using some common found tools the Hacksmith: thE lIgHTsAbEr
Send it to demolition ranch
Please give one to the backyard scientist and that's ridiculous
Justdustin is the best youtuber ever known in existence  🖤
You should give it to Preston or how ridiculous
How do the thumbnails always look clickbate
Thanks for making videos I wish I had a shot at 10k would be good my girl lefted me and took my kids I lost alot but watching theses videos calms me down keep doing what your doing
Send us a unbreakable box
It’s 4:41 in Australia
The d20 of doom
what would happen if you hit the orb with another orb?
Triangle is the strongest shape, nice choice
send me one I'll open it faster than anyone else
My fire dept has the jaws of life I’m sure that could open it up
Late
Send one to how ridiculous over in Australia
Duuuuuuudeee your vids are soooooo goood! They make me so happy 😊😊
They are able to use tools like chain saw and sledgehammer anyone ever heard of a cutting torch
send one to demolition ranch
Go to your local fire station and ask for a tool called the K12 chain saw. It will be able to cut through metal.
Justin should build another one and have it one of he's weapon's
Thx for hearting my other comment Dustin your the best I love your vids keep it up 👍
Interesting design. Boring video.
The best strategie is just let trent have fun
Can’t wait to see someone use mechagodzilla next time.
Now we need a unbreakable box made of Trent
you gave one of these to unspeakable did you
Are you a member of Hack Smith?
A way you can open is shoot it with a gun
I love it how the boys just use normal thing to break the orb... They surely know what they're doing 😂🔥
I don’t know how Unspeakable has literally some of the most common tools and still manages to break it before everyone else and hacksmith industries which have SUPER Alien Lazar Guns can’t do it
may god have mercy on thor's hammers's soul
You have to give one to whistling diesel
Let demoliation ranch shoot it
JustDustin and MrBeast should do a challenge colab.
Dustin, you should send one to WhistlinDiesel and see if he can destroy it
Trent is the real winner becouse he was the only one who did not use power tools
I love your video
so am I the only one who want to see Trent at Hacksmith?
Roll for initiative
Use an a10 warthog
THE MACE RETURNS
Hacksmith makes the weapons but they aren’t strong enough to fully use it
Is that the allspark from transformers or is that just me?
I love how trent can do more damage with a slege than hacksmith can do with all there gagites
This is simply one of the best box videos you have ever made
Why doesn’t someone use a hydraulic press?
Hey where's Preston
i like how the hacksmith was just toying with him knowing full well they would just get into it with the lightsaber
This is why I love this channel.
Very fun video Dustin!
You can win with one weapon  An impact or a blow torch to the bolts
Remind me when i make a bank to ask JustDustin to make the vault
Can Eric drive a helicopter?!?!
Wait cant you just unscrew all the bolts and nails? Just asking
What kind of D&D campaign is this??
thats an icosehedron
Ummm would it be cheating if u got a screwdriver and unscrewed the nuts and bolts and screws
The craziest thing of all is that the other guys had all those weapons but NOTHING COMPARES TO A TRENT, that dry ice was an awesome idea, if you could get some liquid nitrogen would be awesome.
Send a orb To demolition ranch that would be awesome
Hiiiiiii
Them: throwing a steel ball at it  Me: wow it's stronger than the cybertrucks windows lol
Pls heart Dustin
Too easy.
Eric was really flying a helicopter.
Yo
drill hole and fill with explosive then light fuse and run
JustDustin the next time you make an unbreakable box for the metal use tungsten and the plastic use the same that should make them a hole lot harder to brake open
Lmao people power tools  Trent: PFFFtTTT SLEDGE HAMMER SMASH  And his was the most broken as well
this is one cool video
4:49 I like your cut G
Send one to the dangue bros
I'm surprised that nobody used a nail gun with 22 blanks
You fools that’s the all spark you destroying
Its the all spark frim transformers
Mr.beast send it to him
can u send me one please I could us the monney
Send it to mopi or cash nasty
notice how he did not send it to vat 19 like the last box and that was they blew the box to smithereens
Why did you drop it on the grass do it on concreate
dude justdustin making another banger of a vid. keep it up dustin
Unspeakable: Let’s throw things at it Dusting’s team: Let’s break it Hack smith team:    Let’s *DISASSEMBLE THE MOLECULES*
Gun
Trent looks like thor get that man a stormbreaker
Hi
Great vid bro! Keep up the good work! Lmk if you ever need help with breaking something 🙂
Diy weapon challenge between youtubers?
Unspeakable said a bad word when hitting it with the 20 pound sleg
Nothing is stronger than family
I love how you guys tried to break hard boxes, orb and more
Use a 1000 degree blade to cut through it
never wouldve expected a justdustin vid to be released not even a week after the previous one
No ones smart why didn’t they just screw the bolts off!
Hack Smith industries is the most destructive channel that can break anything
There actually working on a full iron man suit
throw trent at it maybe it will brake
Hack smith should’ve used their lightsaber for the outer shell and then the other stuff for the money
Hi
Please send a box to the how ridiculous
4:15 Me: * Tries to break Bedrock *
Hi
Why didn’t you give one to the dangie broe
I like this video  with hacksmith and unspeakable
Great vid
You are so cool
Send it to @markiplier
Send one of them to a construction company. We usually do hard work but with all the tools we have I bet it would be fun as fuck to watch grown men try to break something. Like really try to design one to where Construction Workers that have various tools will find it challenging to get it. Please consider it!!!   And ofc ask them to video it
Hi
Send an unbreakable box to me @Hayden’s REView so I can break it
It is a dodecahedron
Dustin you should send one to demo ranch he uses pew pews but make it pew pew proof
50 min
U know he wants  hacks men’s back
Was I the only one hoping Trent would've went to hacksmith to lift stormbreaker.
Plz reply me once 🥺
trent did the best
Don't sent it to a gun channel they will destroy it too easily lol 50 Cal
ok so ur using an iron man suit to break what looks to be the allspark from transformers? U do know powerful the allspark is Dustin?
When I was watching this video a recommended video was unspeakable trying to break the one you gave him
Do demo ranch plzzz
That chainsaw chain has to be ruined
This is madness   O my god dustin it's a next level video
pays for a whole f***in helicopter, then drops the thing on soft grass and earth instead of pavement or literally anything tougher than GRASS lol
Biggest fan
Everyone else: Using hammers and helicopters Hacksmith: USING LIGHTSABERS AND IRON MAN GEAR
When did eric learn to fly a helicopter?
That's a pretty awesome video man ! ❤️
they use fire but money inside
i sure can tell hacksmith has tons of crazy weapons
Hacksmith got weapons from another planet
Next make hacksmith create personal weapons for each of the justdustin crew.
Its not like I donated 50$
Yes mate love from London your videos are good 👍 💯💯💯💯🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿💯🏴󠁧󠁢󠁥󠁮󠁧󠁿
Send it to MrBeast
2.29 y does it look like at atlas rpg?
Is Trent more powerful then a plasma torch
here in 42 mins
This was the best vid ever
someone shouldve droped a 20 pound hammer on it from high distance or 100lb
Im ur biggest fan in Philippines
nice vid
Could have used a jackhammer......
Dustin I love ur content and I’m so happy u done this challenge again
Try faze rug
wow!
Video Ideas 10 mins of Trent just breaking things
All you need is Trent and the super sledge....Trent needs to go with to Hacksmith next time.
Have a damm good day y'all
Hacksmith: high tech weapon Just dusting: teamwork
I think a glass breaker would be more affective on glass
I got a question for Trent, what's his daily regiment?
i find it funny thats its not even unbreakable orb just orb
Have a damm good day y'all
Wait, is that the all spark from transformers???
Nothing stands a chance against the lightsaber
now that was a good one  do more of them  but used Double Reinforced Rebarb with double strong plexiglass or you can used METALLIC GLASS is the strongest and toughest  material  you can send it to all and watch them start to say what the ........ LOL   you have a great channel looking forward to seeing you hit over 10 million soon
Omg this is such a good video this is next level
Power tools are cheating bruh unspeakable is so anoying omfg
I love this video
Nobody talking about how Eric can fly
I love how justdustins crew has all the deadly weapons and every other channel has crap 😋
NOW DUSTIN PLEASE KEEP YOUR PROMISE AND DROP THE GIANT BOUNCE BALL OFF A HELICOPTER
send it to funk bros!! plz
hi
YOOO THIS IS AWESOME
You need to send one of these to DemolitionRanch
1:05 NOT THE WALL!!!!!!!
Faze rug💯
New mace
Ten thousand A? what about that penny that you lost under your sofa or that money that flew away in the wind lol its probs 9999
Goood video Dusitn 🔥🔥❤❤
Yooooooo justdustin your awesome what if I called you Justin
34 min
I really wanted to see the hacksmith use there flashlight
He should do something with demolition ranch
Today we learn the power of triangles in the form of a ball
Huh now I'm curious what would have happened if they Dropped one of those Giant Safes onto this unbreakable Box? Would the safe break the box or would the Box just go right through the bottom of the safe? Now I'm curious if anyone has tried that at all yet! Dustin! Next time you should put a Unbreakable Box inside a Safe covered in Line X! Whoever breaks the money out first wins
Hacksmith pulled out an entire lightsaber for this lol
I would love to see team albo do the unbrakeable box
You sooo need to send one to the boys at 'How Ridiculous' that video would be epic!!!
Shesh
I'd drill a hole in it and then load it with tannerite and wait for it to work its magic 😂
Hi bro wat are jou doeig
Beast
Justdustin in 20 years: TODAY THE FIRST TO BREAK THIS METEOR WILL WIN $100,000
The next form ist a Steel Ball am i right?
Unspeakable made the un breakable cube before you did so he won
It's the orb of asavox
Yo, you should ask Demolition Ranch to break one of these
just use an angle grinder its that simple
Why didn't u try a gun💖💖💖💖💖
And I subbed and liked
Hey I want you to send an orb to @AVS_Gamerzzz
You sent this to unspeakable
Could you send one to ADHA for the next time you a vid like this again?
Wowowoowowowowo
I feel like Rober would enjoy one of these
Let's gooooo!!!!
pls pls continue the unbreakable stuff
UNSPEAKABLE WON GIVE HIM THE MONEY
Wow your videos are awesome man!
Helll! YEAH!
Finally
Ayee
one things none of the other channels have a Trent
I was about to sleep, but then I got a notification….
I knew that the hack smith was apart of this
Only OG'S remeber the first unbreakable box
I love how Trent does all of this damage without power tools like everyone else
The guys who used a grinder to cut it open needs to be disqualified ..and hacksmith with the cutter  That dry ice idea was kind of great
Brooo… this can be a really cool design to lots of hardly breakable objects… due to that physically you take less damage the more tilted the spot where the impact is and also the more pointy the vertices are the more penetrating they are to the damage they receive so it’s very hard to break this design.
Just undo the bolts easy as that
Finaly a new unbreakable box video awesome vid btw.
In 2050 Dustin will team up with mrbeast and use a nuke to destroy another unbreakable box or orb
Epic
It would be cool if they gave one to DemolitionRanch
Oooo how much i miss these kind of videos
Trent should use the storm breaker
Yeeeeeeeeeeeessssssssss you have a mace again yessssssssssss
That bowling ball one was awesome lol
This is so good
i feel like they are giving the cube a torture of prison and the cube is like fully armed lol
No joke, I actually had a dream about you last night. Keep up the bangers!
Well done Dustin, you make my day. Will done suuuwweeee!
For those that care it’s called a dodecahedron
what's it made of?
My favorite quote from dustin: "NOT THE WALL"
Throwing it from a helicopter to land on grass did not seem lik the best idea
we love your. vids
Have three trents use sledge hammers 👍🏻
Hey dustin what happened to you finger
This beings back memories of the eye of magnus quest in skyrim
I remember the last box, someone tried to shoot it with a tank. What an epic fail lmaoo
Shoulda dropped trent on it
I want to see Trent use storm breaker
Hi
OMG DUSTIN WTF WERE YOU THINKING DUDE THIS VIDEO WAS PURE GENIUS IT WAS TOTALLY INSANE BUT PURE GENIUS
I was waiting for this since I finished watching unspeakables vid
I just saw unspeakable video!!!!!!!
Did you buy a new mase
OG JustDustin fans remember the Ultimate Weapon: The OG Bat  :)   I know it’s broken, but please bring back the OG Bat, JustDustin
Add Funk Bros to the next one!! :)
Hi
only og's will know heart
That bat throw tho LMAO
first 20 k views yey
2:35 "its literally raining balls" Dustin 2021
Still not as strong as a Nokia
👍😎😎😎😎😎
I at first did not see trent after seeing his foot
I saw the blooper in unspeakable's video
I love that unspeakable was just playing
Congrats on the new masse
Send one to @Whistlin Diesel
Sup
I saw unspeakable’s first
4:57 *SHINNG!
iam fast. I love you videos bro. love  from  Bangladesh🇧🇩.
I want to try one of these man! I love the content Dustin!
just get a nuke                             dum dum
The hacksmith hit it wit captain America's shield unspeakable drop it in a blender
I love your videos Dustin and hope you keep on making more
orb? orb? orb? hey dustin pin this message if you love all the youtubers in this challenge!!!!!!!
You should send one to the sidemen if that’s possible
hello
Bro idk if the unbreakable box stronger or this orb.
Its a good day when there's a new upload
hello
Congrats on 5 Million subscribers 👏.
U guys went crazy
Yess the d 20
Can I have a shoutout
i am the 8th minute viewer :)
Early gang
Kinda wanna see trent use Jack Smith stuff
Is that just me but doesnt the box look like the all spark from transformers war for cybertron trilogy
That is amazing
You make one with Line-x on it
orb
Love you Dustin your vids are amazing
I found Dustin from the first unbreakable box vid been in love ever since
Ha
Ayyyyyy
Drop a 👍 to help the video please, and @ a YouTuber you want me to send an orb to?
You post at the PERFECT TIME
Hi
Unbreakable D20
hype
Can I have a shoutout
Amazing Vid keep up the good work!
You when its unbreakable when you get it from justdustin
Hi
Everyone: used weapons Me: would try to unscrew the bolts
Great video keep it up! Also can you do another wall video please? Thanks!
That bowling ball spilt was spilt CLEAN
Hello
Nice
Make it go boom💣
🤩 keep up the good work
He didn’t even bother with team RAR this time lol
Dustin: This is an unbreakable box!  The other YouTubers: Welp we broke it….
2:52am I'm watched this, I got so excited I woke up my roommates.
NUMBER 330 COMMENT
Just use a gun
Dustin is the goat
Dustin should send one the Dangie Bros!
I love this guy
I bet  Demolition Ranch could get it open or the AK guy
Early i guess,also  cool vid
Send one to the Funk Bros! Please I bet they would love to break one! And it’s all around good content.
Noti gang
Hi
Hey such a big fan dustin ive been watching since the og days where you didnt know what the green spiky fruit was.Its called a soursop
orb.... its a dodecahedron
nnhh
justdustin can you do scary vids pls
When a new justdustin video is out it feels like winning the lottery
Let’s go I’ve been waiting awhile for another one of these challenges
Yo skedadudlers
Can u reply to me what’s up JustDustin
Avengers...ASSEMBLE
Before 1K Likes
A
Is it me or does the orb look like a D20
Pin me rn
Can I have one of those?
i wish you did the comment i did for the next vid with who is stronger trent or bradley martin
I feel like Zach is the toddler who is overly prideful about taking a poo.
Ont first 😢😭😭😭
any transformer fan will know that looks like the allspark
Soueet
e a r l y p o g
That is... infact... not an orb!
I thought that it would be a huge orbeez
My notifications has been fixed 😳
3 mins ago!!!!!! and early
I m so early. Damn
You rock bro love from india
Sooo dope
First
In a year first YouTuber to break into the bank vault wins a million dollars
Bring back Travis  Dustin  and make  a  group channel
yt makes no sence : on my screen i see 183 views and 470 likes wth???
Yah never been this early
Hacksmith: Taking their time. Unspeakable: WE DONT HAVE WEAPONS!!! Dustins team: BAM BAM BAM BAM BAM *destroying things throwing things*
hello there
nice
Dude I don’t get bored with your videos they are so fun here’s a heart ❤️ and a like 👍 from me
Unspeakable
Just Dustin I been a fan for a while and i love your vids so much. They make my day a lot better especially when I am bored love u man
nuke the box!
Hi
Great as everrrrraaaaahhhhhhh
Im sure i can open that whit no problem 😘😂
yoooooooo this is gonna be epic
😮😮😯😯😯😮😲😮😲😮😮😯😮😯
First
Love ur videos Dustin
Early
hi
I am the 168 view
Always a nice video✌🏻👌🏻
Just Dustin you always find a way to make me happy and I wanna thank you 👍👋🙏
Yeah boiiiiii
Lowkey Justdustin content 10/10
I am finally one of the first
Yesss another banger thank Dustin 💜
Ayy I’m actually kinda early to a justdustin vid
I am ironman
Oh this is first 'youtuber!'
Hello Justin you now you should bilad a confine and the person stau the longest get 10 grant
Hey bro good afternoon
So many mr beast fakers but I love your vids my guys :) :edit subscribe to him :) lol
These keep getting better and better. We love you Dustin. Thanks for the content
If you had Trent using the hacksmiths weapons it's done instantly
Hey dustin youre prob not gonna see this but if you do you are amazing and so is youre content, i love youre videos and keep up the good work!
Try using an Antimatter bomb on it
early
early
Early
141th
Love the vid keep it up👍
First
Something tells me trent wins
Clicked as soon as I seen the pop up
Nice work
Have a nice day
Hi
🍋
I think nobody can break it 😂
pog
Unbreakable Box II  Like to agree
Before me
Me sad he still didn’t send one to mark rober even after asking 😞
yay
Let's Gooo!! 1:15am in the morning here in the phillippines!! Another cool video just dustin
Ever day that justdustin uploads is a good day
Glad to see you sent them to two of my favorite YouTubers
sheesh
Hi
How is mrbeast her?
YESSS!!! I’ve been waiting for another unbreakable box challenge for a while!
Post notification gang 🔔
2nd
Let's go I was watching dangie bros the other day
Mr beast and dustin what
hi
Bro  THATS SO COOL
Can you like my comment
pack in the mail it’s gone
Bro 🤜🤜🤜🤜🤜🤜🤜🤜❤
Hiii dustin how is youuu
Like your old vids🔥🔥🔥💯💯💯💯💯💯
Hey dustin love your content stay awsome
First time I'm this early YES
your my fav youtuber
Hey Dustin it is me again and I just would like to say you are awsome
I love you and your video's
Use a nuclear weapon on it!
First
Idol
Ayeee another indestructible challenge!! Let's gooo
Keep up the good work Dustin your videos are great and you always make us laugh
I was just looking for a new video
Love the content, keep up the good work
Great vid as always lads!
Pog
I love this channel
First, I clicked so fast
yo
Lol
Clicked faster then amogus
First
Hi
Well second to mr beast
༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ
it's like MrBeast but worse
Love this channel
Love your videos man keep it up 👍👍
Early
first hi could say hi
Hi
Hi
First
THANK YOU DUSTIN FOR A HEART❤️
Sheesh
Frist comments
38 second gang
Hi
Lettttttttts goooooooo
Hi
Best content creator right here
Lol im the first follow me now dustim
We are speed
Pog
Damb cool collaboration
Where’s Travis also make a 100 layers of ceramic wall please
first
Hiiiii Dustin
13th
First
Insanee
First
Bro
First
First
First
Hey dustin
Ayy wassup dustin
Keep up the great content Dustin
Ayyyy
Yeah we love the collabs!!!
Hello random person share the love and know that someone always loves you
hello
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Hi
Orb
Hi
First
First
First
Hi
Hello
First
Hi
First
First
oooo
hi
First
Hi
First
Hello, I hope u remember me Dustin Here again:❤ Heart from me again
Notifications
Bro
First
Hey dwarg
