*Big thanks to the Professor for squinting through all the Yu-Gi-Oh card text! How do you guys think he did?* 😆 Now watch us react to Magic the Gathering cards! https://youtu.be/CMEuWA_5ZrI
The Winged Dragon of Ra is not good if you have to pay for it, and it's generally not worth playing in your deck even to try to summon out with sphere mode since you'd rather use sphere mode to destroy your opponent's stuff.  I did hear of one person who included a single copy in their deck of The Winged Dragon of Ra, *without* sphere mode, just so that if an opponent used Sphere Mode on their stuff they'd then get a Winged Dragon of Ra, and this actually worked out in a top 8 or something.
Yu-gi-oh! is the best game in the world. Yes, you have to read more text, but since I play this game, MTG feels like a kid's game.
Man I feel like some of the terms are so convoluted but the again, I play magic and I know for a fact that other people think the same about magic.   There is no help for us lol
I tried to learn to play this game but it was more than my head could handle. It's ironic that it's still being treated as a kids game because no child could ever figure all of this out. Keep in mind most players probably started playing as kids when the game was originally very simple. It's no wonder they can't get new players.
He's right, the biggest problem with Yugioh is the actual card design. Just a complete disregard for intuitive user interface design in favor of focusing on the artwork. Hell the bloody things are smaller than most other card game cards! The hell Konami?!
this is why i prefer the more classic cards. easier to read and just more about simple dueling rather then reading a novel each game. XDDD
I totally agree with the Professor’s suggestion of having the card having a star image with the number next to it instead of having like 8 stars ⭐️ on the card
Would love to play YGH but god damn I want to play a game and not read a novel
I love this crossover. I played yugioh forever ago, and play magic now. These vids were a fun watch
as someone who plays just about every card game there is, whenever I return to Yugioh I have one golden rule when reading cards: Look for the word "Negate". If you don't see "Negate" then proceed as usual
17:34 I am beginner of magic the gathering but what is stasis?🤨
I know it's 2 years old at this point but I'll try to magicify The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode for Prof.  Ahem  Cannot enter the battlefield unless it was cast.  Cannot be played face down.  You may cast this card by sacrificing three creatures you control or three creatures under an opponent's control.  If an opponent's creatures are sacrificed this way, this card enters the battlefield under their control.  At the beginning of that opponent's next end step, gain control of this card.  This card cannot declare an attack.  This card cannot be targeted by spells or abilities your opponents control.   Sacrifice The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode: search your hand or library for a card named "The Winged Dragon of Ra" and put it on the battlefield under your control.  It has base atk / def 4000.
I understand that part of the point or purpose of this particular video is the often diametric differences between YGO and MTG. But similar to one of the guys on Team APS, I started playing the Gundam TCG that just came out. And while this one has more similarities to MTG in terms of playstyle being a Mana/Resource system based game, I still think it could be material for a pretty interesting video, you got to experience some Gundam TCG cards or if not the basics of the game itself. And considering unlike YGO it is based on an IP even older than MTG, since Gundam as a franchise is being around since 1979.
Pot of Prosperity is basically Surveil 3 or 6 with extra steps
Pot of prosperity is a hard one coming from older yu-gi-oh haven't played in years but I remember that just cycling thru your top deck ASAP is what wins you games. But most pot of greed rip offs are bad because they aren't simply allowing you to look and take and having the rest of your combo shuffled into the bottom of deck is bad, could have flipped either way glad prof got it right.
i could only play 50 hours of YuGiOh Master Duels before I got too frustrated with the game, switched over to Magic, playing some fun commander with my friends. Should have played MTG way earlier. I get why people love YuGiOh, I have watched the anime too growing up. But Magic is soo much more fun playing.
As someone who has been in both worlds/played both games (albeit not at a high level) a fair amount over the years, and who loves the content both channels put out, damn how I love these crossovers!
MtG is sort of like a very high level domain-specific language, a concept that Yugioh lacks completely and results in legalese.  It's like each MTG card is slotting into and referencing an existing framework that all cards share - whereas each Yugioh card is its own standalone framework. When you wanted just the tree from the card text, you get the entire forest instead.
Yeah I do hate that Yugioh cards have so much text. Freaks me out, I don't think id ever play it for real as an adult. Middleschool it was neat but everyone knows that's different when you're making up rules and things are complete chaos. Not that I don't think it's a game for adults I just genuinely find it unwelcoming to start playing as a game compared to others. One day I might break down and look into Hearthstone again for the first time in many years. Maybe crack a couple boxes worth of digital packs.
Prof: I don't see why you don't just put the number of stars there. Yuga: WRITE THAT DOWN, WRITE THAT DOWN.
I would definitely watch a Magic version of Yugioh cards
You need to tell the professor the real secret to yugioh is that all that matters is who wins the dice roll 😂
This my first time seeing mystic mine. God the things I would have done for the car back in the day. I played when the game first came out for a couple years back when everyone has running beatdown basically 4-star 1800 attackers and I played gravity bind. Decks
what a headache, how does anyone play this for fun.
Here the secret.... you dont
I guess white people dont play yugioh any more? Makes sense my LGS is almost entirely white in a city that has less than 1% white population, and we dont even have yugioh events.
It’s unusual to hear Prof dropping F-bombs, since on his own channel, he usually censors them with “Emrakul”, “Yawgmoth”, “Tezzeret”… 😂
It's funny how people always criticize Yu-Gi-Oh for the large amounts of text and absence of simplicity. But what I've kinda noticed is that cards that are simply explained like "this does this and that's it" are usually cards that are typically labeled as "overpowered" and "broken." To make a real easy example, look at Pot Of Greed. Simple. You draw 2 cards. And yet people say that's too overpowered because there's no negative cost. Yu-Gi-Oh players need that extra level of comfort and explanation to essentially keep the game fun and exciting. They'd run out of ideas otherwise. Just my thoughts.
Yugioh players don't ever read the text on ANY of their cards, we just have someone show us how they're used in a combo and then we do that same shit. Also yes mystic mine is very stupid... And thats why its stupid good.
Making a magic player rate ygo cards is like making a teacher earnestly teach a lesson claiming the earth is flat
Yugioh is so bad because of this. Most people don't have fun when they have to read paragraphs of extremely tiny complex text on almost every single card in the game.
Honestly, if Yugioh would adopt keywords in the same way as MTG, it would be so much easier to absorb. But the problem is that every archetype breaks the core rules of Yugioh in its own way.
Why not play Mystical Space Typhoon / Heavy Storm against Mystic Mine?
MTG uses keywords to keep text bloat to a minimum, Yugioh has keywords AND keeps the other words 😂
MTG Pot Of Prosperity: Exile 3 or 6 cards from the top of your library. Reveal the top 3 or 6 cards. Choose one and place it in your hand. Place the remaining cards at the bottom of your library in any order.
How did a magic player know what pot of greed does when we don’t even know
Just saying Mystic Mine should go to grave with both players at 0 monsters. They have the same number. 0. That is how the card was designed to work. Whatever judge made the call that it doesn't ruined it.
The prof 19:26 just described rush duel cards lmao
the professor is a cry baby professional victim
As Magic players we clown on Wizards for needing a novel length rulebook to explain keywords and interactions, but damn it seems a lot better than printing it all _on the card!_ Some of those are like if the "full text" lands were squeezed into the bottom 1/4 of the card
I meant professor
I would like to see the professional do more crossovers
I don’t know why they need to add terms that didn’t need it. What was wrong with draw?!
Very curious to see what these Magic lords will have to say after the release of sets with Mickey Mouse, Shrek and whatnot.
I know next to nothing about Yu-Gi-Oh and i found this incredibly interesting.
Love there stuff but hate that blues ultimate sucks when not considering the deck into it blue eyes ultimate can be sacrifice to summin blue eyes shinning dragon which is still in todays standards a good card especially if you use sage with blue eyes or priest with blue eyes on the field blue eyes deck got buffed on recent times and is back as a good deck
You don’t read your cards the cards read you
The Professor reading Pot of Prosperity and going “What does it do?!” Is the equivalent of the Pot of Greed meme in the anime 😂
Loved this video
The Egg: Tribute 3 of your opponents monsters to give them an Egg for one turn. If they don't use it to tribute for a monster, then next turn, you get the egg and you can special Summon a WDoR from your Deck. The Egg essentially wipes 3 monsters from their field and takes up one card slot. The only thing they can do with it, is tribute it for something. If they don't, you get a free WDoR.
Coming back to this video after discussing MtG and ygo with some friends and it occurs to me that a lot of ygo’s issues with card text length might also come down to localization, considering its being translated from jp to en
Missed opportunity to have the Dragon of Ra card ready in person to judge together
Unfortunately they banned the Red-Eyes Black Dragoon, which to me is absurd, I mean, if your oponant can summon 5, 4000+ attack monsters to the field, first turn to bully their opponent, I want to be able to summon my own big bully.
i miss og yugioh :(
My question with Mystic Mine is why can't you just play a removal spell or a field spell to destroy Mystic Mine? It has no inherent protection from Spell cards and field spells are especially vulnerable since only one can be active.  I still agree with banning it because it means everyone needs to side deck 3 Terraforming and 3 Field spells, which means the play rate is too high. However, it seems really easy to handle by doing that.
He doesn't even read some cards in its language? Also, why the cards should have bigger text? What question is that? That's irritating. lmao  Also, Blue Eyes Ultimate came out more than 20 years ago.
2:00 Now ultimate be is god tier with magia
Y'all showed the Professor the Sphere Winged Dragon of Raw, but not the actual Winged Dragon of Raw?
The Professor hasn't seen Black Hole or Raigecki yet?
7:38 Berevity
I think Mystic Mine would be good for a FINAL deck
This guy makes no sense.  "Ik this card nostalgic,  old, and power crept, and I'm going to say it's good!"
If there was an equivalent to mystic mine in MTG, like, 1 to 1, it would be the first card banned IN CASUAL.
Well rush duel cards do that with their levels
"this card is stupid" DING DING DING, good job prof😂😂
Whatever bro.
Huh.... I started playing pokemon and had a wicked water/pyschic deck (back when there were only 151 pkmn lol) Then moved to Magic when I was 10. And was playing yugioh at 13-15. Got back into magic when Rivals of Ixalan came out. This was a fun video!
"Handtrap" aka counterspell
1:15 rush duels
Pot of Prosperity rewrote in magic terminology would be: "As an additional cost to cast this spell, exile 3 or 6 cards from the top of your library, then look at that many cards on the top of your library. Put one of them into your hand, then put the rest on bottom of your library in any order. Until end of turn, any damage a source you control would inflict to an opponent is halved (rounded up/down?)."
Pot of properties on paper is dig through time wich was banned in almost every format in mtg. Exile 6 pay 2 look at 7 keep 2. And you say it's meh? Bro cmon how long you been playing tcg's? Exile 5 look at 6 keep 1 bro cmon
They only people who hate Mystic Mine are people who sweat playing Yu-Gi-Oh
great video :D
Bro ain't never heard prof actually curse
Why do you guys just not have a magnifying glass on hand?
'S0LEMN JUGEMENT' D0NT N0 INCARNATI0N AND0R 'IMM0RTAL PH0ENIX'
Pot of prosperity is very good
damn, should have hit him with lava golem after sphere mode.
would have been nice for him to have actually made an effort instead of complaining and joking the whole time
I don't like yu gi oh's flavor. Not for me.
I feel like yugioh never came up with terms for things so they have to describe it everytime unlike magic where it’s just counter target spell, trample, lifelink, it is a predefined term
This is the first time I’ve ever heard the Prof swear!
8:35 Just wait until you see Endymion, the mighty master of text 😂😂😂
I've never seen the original Solemn Judgment card before, but I've seen an edit where the text box just says "No." And before you ask, they didn't make the font bigger.
I quit Magic because the battles take HOURS to resolve. Shuffle shuffle shuffle shuffle shuffle shuffle. People like the video game Magic... because it doesn't take hours to shuffle the decks.
Hold up hold the hell up red eyes darkness metal dragon has been is and always will be a great card ill hive you the rest of the red eyes monsters suck burn is garbage
I love this dude
Worlds collide. This was great
The text is ultimately what keeps me from enjoying this game. Even if I could read it, I couldn't really make sense of it. not without having help and nobody I know plays Yu-Gi-Oh. in other words, I'm poached.   well I didn't try to get into ones, got the dark world structure deck. The reign be as  dragon being that foiled confuse the crap out of me. The foil treatment was working against it I think, to me anyway
oh yes, we want a video on rewriting the yugioh cards in magic terms!
Mystic mine is amazing you can win duels before they start by telling people you are gonna run it. Nobody will want to play you in fear of it.
Unlike other card games like pokemon, magic and the like drawing cards is insane in yugioh. While other card games would scoff at a draw 1 or 2 yugioh players salivate at it
Came here from the opposite video. Thanks to all involved, this is legendary
We don't read them. Why do you think we double-check them in the moment?
Yu-Gi-Oh has dogshit card text clarity compared to MTG and Pokemon. Less so for Rush Duel, that made things way better.
i think the biggest difference in layout is bcuz ygo is japanese and magic is from US
Is stasis  in mtg😂
The biggest problem with the language in Yugioh is that the player base tries to find loopholes and just outright play ignorant if allowed to. My biggest gripe is with card effects that let a player choose targets, but do not officially "target" because the word "target" isn't printed. Like if you are choosing a card, you are targeting it. It's become so ridiculous that Konami basically used this as a form of power creep.
I think more *keywords* could help with the story of text. There's a few old magic cards with _novels_ in the box that have been turned into _short paragraphs_ in more modern reprints of them. You _DO_ have to learn a whole pseudo-language to do that, but more stuff like _Tribute_ to reduce the walls you need to read.
That's a good idea for a video. "Having the Magic Professor simplify Yugioh cards"
3:59 I love this brief interaction here
Id be upset if they got rid of the starta
he's manhandling those cards
Mystic Mine isn't Stasis. It's worse. Think Stasis only it only affects your opponent (essentially). XD
Magic cards: Does this. Here's cost. We have space left for some lore 🗿 Yugioh cards: The entirety of Leo Tolstoy's War and Peace so you can figure out it does the same thing as a bunch of other cards slightly differently.
Listening to Prof swear uncensored is so funny
Aren't all the solem cards just "no"?
Isnt all the solem cards just "no" ?
nah world gears is crazy, I personally run it so I might be biased but with world shield which is easy to get out due to its second effect, and the floodgate Des is great for early game
Mystic mine and stasis definitely are the same card
As a retired yugioh player and a fairly new magic player I understand where the professor coming from. Yugioh monster effects are written in such small text it’s sometimes hard to understand the effects. That’s not to say magic doesn’t have cards with effects that aren’t confusing. Love seeing the professor hold yugioh cards tho it’s amazing.
dude i feel the SAME way current day yugioh has WAY to much text on the cards. back in my day they use to be nice a simple and easy to understand. I dont want to read a novel
To be fair, in OCG Curse of Anubis Format back then, Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon was a meta threat due to a Cyber Stein Megamorph OTK.
1:16 Rush Duel does that... those cards are so much prettier it makes these look like office documents.
The language is specific, that's why I like Yugioh more than games like Magic. I didn't play MTG until I was in my twenties because Yugioh was always my game of choice, and the amount of times I had to look up specific rules of how a card works is uncountable. I had friends who had been playing the game since their childhoods who seemed to think the cards in their decks did something completely different than their actual intended effect because of how loose the terminology on the cards is. A Yugioh card might say "if this card was fusion summoned using three cards as material with three different attributes" but if you know the game then you know exactly what that means, it means if you summoned it in some other way then that specific effect doesn't activate.   I have been confused about what a Yugioh card actually does maybe three times in my entire life, they're specific because they need to be.
Understanding the stack is easier than you gi oh. This was awesome and I still have no idea what's going on lol
Yugioh stars are legit the worst past like 8 unreadable
Team APS still out her convincing people that Yugioh cards are complicated when they really arent. Thanks for making Yugioh look bad over and over again, you guys really are the greatest.
Ima be honest I don't like modern yugioh because it's basically no longer a card game its a gamble simulator because who ever goes first wins so its more of a die roll of who is first player
I wish they showed him crooked cook lmfaooo
Professor is super dope. I love when Professors are super dope. Also when people don't put down the nerd/gamer/wheeb mantle and continue to enjoy what they enjoy. So many people think that since thur no longer a kid or in thur 20's they can't enjoy non phone apt games. But like athletes, even gamer strat peeks in the 30's.
I kinda understand why the professor didn't understand the Winged Dragon of Ra's effects, its next to meaningless unless you put the whole (immortal phoenix I think it was) of that particular deck in front of him with sphere mode, monster reborn and whatnot.
For some reason the professor throwing out f-bombs shocks me. I'm so used to hearing the censoring on his channel 🤣🤣. The way he questions how you read the effects is amazing.
In my opinion yugioh needs keywords
Wait wait I am kinda new to yu-gi-oh cards but the the winged dragon of Ra sphere mode doesn't have a code on the bottom is that some special edition?
Konami gotta go back to english subject to simplify their wording😂
When dude said I've yet to see a card that clears the board, all I could think about was, bro what about dark hole?
For some reason, this guy resembles Dan Green a little bit.
9:56 This is what makes me hate Yu-Gi-Oh. I like playing Yu-Gi-Oh, preferably the simple decks like Dark Magician. But the word babble some cards has makes me want to turn my brain off to avoid getting a nosebleed and curl myself in despair.
our mtg version of yugioh cards dense text would be cards from fallen kingdoms, they over explain a lot
The way he responded to flipping mystic mine is how every yugioh player has ever reacted to being on the other end of mystic mine.
20 years ago monster effects had on average 15 words. Now they have on average 75 words...... Let that sink in.
Me as someone who played Yu-Gi-Oh during first edition when World Gears of so and so entered the screen: looks like Yu-Gi-Oh has turned into Tetra Master from FF9?
This person is so uplifting to me, it is weird
Marik was the reason why Monster Reborn was unbanned
"because it's toxic" said right after red-eyes dark dragoon
Hope to see you guys Collab again
I Remember a Card by the name of Yata-Garusu...... Such a broken Card.... I also remember the Black Winged Decks(Super Fast and Super Fun to play).... Now it is Dragon Link and, I think Tearlaments is making a comeback and Purrley........
Mystic Mine sounds the equivalent of Hullbreacher.
I take offence to sphere mode being trash in this video, if it's in a ra deck it's fantastic.
Wait till they learn about the difference of send, target, choose, and untargeted destroy
PSCT made all the cards a lot more verbose, but it also eliminated a ton of weird interactions much more clear. Sakeretsu Armor targeting for example.
I just realized the comment he makes about having the levels just show the number is literally what they did for rush duels
It's misleading to say beud is not a good/strong card. It was one of the first strongest monsters in the game. To this day, most monsters with 2000+ and no protection still pull attention. So.....
I played Yugioh on my teenage years, stopped when I entered college. Now as a 32 year old I wanted to get back to TCG. Yugioh was impossible as new rules made the game hard to get back into, discovered MTG when a coworker introduced me to it and fell in love specially with commander. Getting my 1st precons soon and made one from a scratch with my 1st mythic card Elesh Norn MoM. Which I got from a booster and I was happy but not as excited as my friends as I didn't know much about the lore or abilities at the moment but I love MTG so much now and having adult money just makes things accesible hahaha (laughs in spending money I should use for other things)
"I can see from the font that they don't want yugioh cards clear and easy to read" REAL
Seriously though. I love yugioh but goddammit the long card texts get sooooo annoying to read. It gets so old. A lot of it feels either super arbitrary or archetype specific or strategy specific to the point where cards aren’t even enjoyable to read unless you’re actively into that archetype or strategy and understand how it works.   This is why in general I don’t like pendulum or Link monsters. All of the conditions you have to remember and unlocking effects and numbers and scales….. just no. Professor is completely right on his points.   PSCT was a step in the right direction toward simplifying card texts but it’s nowhere near perfect. The game has evolved into something so complex that it’s difficult to standardize
I used to play this game as a kid back in 2002 when it came out. I could not play this now. I have bad vision and Yu-Gi-Oh! cards are not accessible to someone like me. I have a hard time reading Magic cards in lower light settings. I usually play Magic at a bar I go to, playing Yu-Gi-Oh! would be impossible in that setting for me
mystic mine had also a strategy where you just let your opponent deck out. because when the opponent combod his game he almost always has less cards in his deck than you. and if none of them were cards that could remove the dead lock you just win
Nah him saying how do you read this and then the response being you don’t is so true its not funny
Ive actually always disliked the particular terms that magic uses. they tend to be over flavor specific sounding instead of mechanically self evident.
not only did the professor accurately judge Solemn Judgement, he even accurately explained the meme. "Stop, no, you don't get to." That's it, that's the card. It could just have the text "No." and it would still be accurate.
Yugioh cards look so cool. The art style has always been unsettling but fascinating. It's one thing I'm jealous about.
I (Magic Player) saw mystic mine. Read it. Thought “wow that’s a pretty decent control piece, kinda like a ghostly prison on steroids”.  And then it got the standard control reaction of “this is evil, purge it!”. And I knew I was right.
I bought a Blue Eyes Ult recently. Never played it because IMMEDIATELY bought a Neo to replace it due to lack of effect on the original
Ash blossom is the reason I quit lmao 😂
The font size is killing me 😂
man, the Ash Blossom monster gave me nightmares in so many duels in the online Dueling Nexus game 👀💀
Still waiting for a video of you translating cards with the other game's lingo.
I want to play card games with this professor
glad you guys didnt bring in penjilums, god hed be lost XD
the Prof shall henceforth be known as "Professor Potty Mouth"
7:34  The idea of magic terminology being better than any other terminology is so funny However yugioh is just that bad
Id love a card like mystic mine for my voltron commander deck, where my only creature is my commander!
That was a great colab! I've been watching videos from both channels and it is great to see them together.
That was a great video. The trivia was really cool !! What i would give to be able to attend one of your sales !
Is there a discussion among Yugi players about how poorly written the cards are? Run-on sentences galore! Cool art though
I love how hold yugioh cards are almost besides a few exceptions never used the way there ment to i.e sphere mode 😂
Mystic mine is a good card. It shows the toxic 10 negate boards how unfun it is not to be able to play. My locals is full of super cocky narcissists that only look up winning lists and play those while pretending they are master deck builders and players. Watching their faces as i use only spell and traps to completely dismantle their decks is better than any drug.
YGO players: how common is mystic mine? Do you run into it often or is it a niche card?
after 11 months i finall ywatched this.  Ya know... if i wasnt a sucker for the Way the stars look on the card. i would almost say "yay, we shoudl just have a number with the level instead of the individual stars"
His explanation for mystic mine terrifies me that he pretty much knew exactly how evil that card is and then I got flashbacks to all the games I lost bc of it. I swear I'll never forget the time i went against a double mystic mine team in tag duels and they just kept negating my backrow removal while taunting us in chat. I actually started hating brazilian players cause they were so toxic😭
I Collecting Yu-Gi-Oh Cards Too!
A pretty close way to translate Sphere Mode is: 0 mana 0/1 with “As an additional cost to cast this spell, sacrifice three creatures your opponent controls and an untapped land you control (which kinda translates how important a normal summon is).”, “When Sphere Mode enters the battlefield, your opponent gains control of it until the end of their turn.”, Shroud,  and some “functional flavor text” (by which I mean text that does not matter in over 99% of matchups) about the Winged Dragon of Ra.
I now think for sure that our old favorite Yugioh is gone. Instead, you can play 500 cards in the same turn and the explanations for each card are 2 book pages long.
I would love that, re-writing the language of yugioh cards. There's a stupid amount of text and a lot of time it's not super clear.
I miss using mystic mine in tournament. It slowed down dragon links very consistently.
It was a fun TCG to play. FTK/OTK strats and omni negates+unlimited special summonsb killed it.
I’m a cheater… I play both games
16:58 Noooooo he's describing mystic mine burn. Whyyyyyyyyy. 🤣🤣
Yugioh be like : WE NEED TO BE SPECIFIC Magic be like: Kids can play me
CYBER-STEIN brought outbthe blues eyes ultimate dragon back in the day so he was right about power creepy just don't understand that mean itbwas good but now bad because he say it's one bitbgood
random comment to help with the **ALGORITHMS** 8/29 sword
I feel like Mystic mine is a good card- for bad reasons.  Mystic Mine forces people to play with the idea that there might be those cards in the deck, decks that need back-row removal. I think this is good for the game state because it pushes for other strategies outside of turn 1-2 OTKs. While those are fun, I believe that ultimately there's nothing good about it. Ending a game 2 turns is kind of boring, and I believe "grinding the game" to a halt is no different than doing combo actions for 3 minutes. Ash Blossom is meant to prevent that, and I feel like Mystic mine is supposed to fix the issue of people trying to optimize their deck for only their strategies.   Trying to push people to use more cards in their resource pool, even something like MST (Mystical Space Typhoon) or Harpies Feather Duster is something that we need more of in the game in my opinion. The only reason that games really get grinded to a halt is because people's decks are primarily focused on getting everything they have out. I wish Konami just created more formats ultimately to make this card not as needed, but I feel it really is needed and that's why it's not banned. Yeah it screws over modern Yu-Gi-Oh, but ultimately I think the most modern format is pretty crappy as I mentioned earlier with these 1-2 turn duels. I think that's boring.
The F bombs perfectly sum up how it feels to play Yu-Gi-Oh
"New card with power creep nostalgia bait" Brah, it says 1st Edition  and  copyright 1996 I have very little idea how yugioh works but, clearly not a newer card unless they just do reprints like that
"And this one's evil" - says every Yugioh player ever
buying a pack and then reading every cards affect again and again on the way home is how we learnt to read.
Okay, the Professor did very well.  I wanted to know what he would say about Dark Bribe.  I actually already asked about this card to a Magic player, who said it was really good.
He's right about the stars for the level though
Dragoon is not a good card
Post Malone Likes MAGIC;SNOOP DOG loves Yugioh!
"This is stupid!" *ding*
I want to point out the lengths people would go through to stop mystic mine. People would link off all of their monsters and then solemn strike their own link summon.  Through example if the cards in this video… you could link dragoon, BEUD and sphere mode into the Link and then Solemn judgement yourself and let mystic mine die at the end phase!
16:30 bro just described Sky Strikers 1:1
4:37 gosh that Prosp is bend
cant you just Typhoon this Mystic Mine card?...Why all the drama...?
I've played both, and I can say I feel his pain. The critique of blue eyes ultimate dragon is fair, but as they said, it is very much a nostalgia card, lol.
Rewite magic and yugioh cards using the other’s terminology.
With Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon you had 3 4500 attacks and to kill it you had to cut every head off.  If the rule is different in the anime it's a bad card.
Wow this guy predicted rush duel levels without even knowing it
Love his energy
I feel like the professors main complaint is bad english translations
I really wish they explained Ra Sphere Mode better.   Essentially Ra Sphere Mode allows you to tribute 3 monsters from either side of the field to Normal Summon it to that side of the field.   This is the only bit of the card thats really important. Yu-Gi-Oh has a lot of cards in the game that cannot be targeted by card effects, cannot be destroyed by card effects, cannot be affected by card effects, or can allow the set up of a board with an insane number of monsters that can trigger on the opponents turn to disrupt play with negates, destruction effects, etc.   This tribute from Ra Sphere Mode cannot be stopped. It cannot be negated, cards unaffected by card effects can still be tributed, the tribute cannot be responded to in any capacity once it's declared to be happening, etc. Ra Sphere Mode is a way that can remove a large portion of your opponents disruptions with 1 card by tributing 3 of their monsters.   The fact it cannot be targeted for attacks or the fact it can summon Ra don't matter really because thats not what really makes it good for todays format. It's that free removal of 3 monsters on the opponents field by a mechanic of the card rather than an effect.
Don't know why it took so long for me to show love to this You guys are awesome Maybe a 2nd Take 😢
Great video~ as someone who recently got into Magic, but grew up with YuGiOh, I’ll be honest and say that if I hadn’t seen other videos on why certain cards were good, I probably wouldn’t have been able to get half of these, lol. Does anyone know what song starts at around 10:20? I’ve heard it before I feel like on Begiragons, but hearing it again somewhere else has me curious.
i liked YGO back when i was a child, and got semi back into it now as an adult, but OMG. i hate what the game became. decks that can kill you in 1 turn, even before you draw your first card, like 15 different ways to summon monsters, handtraps, and (like the professor said) SO MUCH TEXT!!! i miss when relinquished was the most complicated card...
honestly, he's right tho, you can easily rewrite a lot of card description, and simplify it. its just konami made it unnecessarily long so real yugioh player wont bother to ever read it.
As someone that likes yugioh they need a effects list for short terms. Adding "singular" instead of "only once per your own turn" would do a lot to make the cards simple to understand in the long run.
PROFESSOR! LANGUAGE!
I just love how blue-eyed blue-eyes is, it's simply the most naive dragon that has ever existed. Also about that Yugioh text, they remind me of the more complex magic cards...from before Wizards had figured out how to write standardized card texts and game rules, and it boggles my mind that yugioh cards still look like that. It's been around for what, 20 years? and the biggest change they've made in wording was shortening the terms lifepoints and graveyard to LP and GY
For the mystic mine part professor literally just described sky strikers lol
I will admit that MTG has it correct on straight to the point text on cards. Very true that Yugioh is very wordy on their cards. The thing is, I play both, however I win more games in MTG due to me actually knowing what the cards do, far as Yugioh every match in every tournament always results in me calling a Judge sometimes upwards to 60 to 80 times over per match per game, it's so unintuitive and mostly results in not always a full game in the 1st 40 mins. Whereas MTG I can usually get 5 games in 30 mins, mop up the cards and bam good game. Mtg I get actual game wins in, Yugioh I get maybe 1 win in for every 200 games, my Konami ID won't lie honestly. The only wins ever is byes or if the opponent bricks like insanely sooooo bad which is like almost never.
He was spitting at the end there. I love YuGiOh, but that shit is way too hard to read sometimes.
i am not a meta player so i love mystic mine just so i can actually play the game against people with hand traps for half their deck lol
The really big problem with the way we convey stuff is that certain effects are different based on nuanced wording
At least you can actually read the cards instead of having to have a big book that tells you what keywords do.
You should have had the professor look at Endymion
Learned magic first then tried to read yugioh cards and had the same reaction as this dude. Takes some getting used to for sure.
I am so happy the professor said 'what does pot of prosperity do' without knowing the meme.
His eyes would bleed if he saw Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic card text
Mystic mine is basically Ensnaring Bridge + Stasis. And I hate all three cards.
Pot of prosperity for a more direct mtg translation is scry but terrible
You'd think they could afford better translators that know how to summarize and save space
I have been having the same complaints for ages. Using magic terminology and definitely bigger font would help alot. It would also clear up loopholes and wierd interactions and infinite loops perhaps
As someone who likes to play with normal monsters a lot, I gotta say, Mystic Mine might be a meh for me. I can't remember it though but there's a trap card that does that even better and I CBF going through my collection right now XD
"It's still that?" Boutta run off with that pot
Ash blossom is not good... I have videos of taking multiple copies and it doesn't stop by budget deck 🤭🤣😂
Its funny you guys say Mystic mine is evil.. Ya'll know that Magic has combos that can give you not just infinite Mana, Life, or attack but also turns and its  LEGAL.
You guys need to make more videos.  I love Yu Gi Oh since i was little, and i started to play MTG Arena just week ago. First youtuber about mtg is college guy, and i saw this video. Absolute gems few videos that you guys made
Professor flipping over cards in a way that makes them damaged is so sad.
Reading the text of the card DOES NOT explain the card. Kinda revolutionary tbh
i love to hear prof actually cuss instead of" urza"
so basically yugioh can be described as "magic but 90% cards are ice cauldron"?
From a magic player's perspective, I could tell the pot card was good simply because we have Dig Through Time which is very similar to this and it was banned in multiple formats 2 days after it was released.
"Magic versions of yugioh cards"  Please do an episode where the professor rewrites yugioh cards as magic cards, another magic player explains the text, and the the yugioh crew then guesses the yugioh staple
My friend was talking to me and was saying about why there's so much text is to reduce questions YuGiOh cards are meant to be literal
Yu-Gi-Oh needs more keywords. That way everyone could just learn the keywords and know what they do. Every 8-10 word phrase on a card, for example, could then just be replaced with a keyword.
Cards like these are why I'm still playing the GBA games 😭
Now we all know why Magic: the Gathering is the King of TCG...they just don't have any opponents. We all know now, that yuogiu - or whatever - it's just for simple-minded people...
yeah i couldn't agree more with his verdict at the end there i've been playing ygo for ~15 years and it holds such a special place in my heart _but man if magic isn't just designed better_ (at least it's more of a match for me)
Great, now we need to see the professor play in a tournament and maybe run the gauntlet a little bit. Just start at locals and see how far he goes.
Here’s the secret.. you dont 😂
Ah, the Professor.
Am i the only person who realised it said red eyes dark dragoon instead of dragon
yugiohs a young mans game, if only cause you need fresh eyes to read that tiny ass font
The less words on a card the better.
Yuigoh = legacy mtg
I dont understand how YuGiOh is still a played game...
It got so bad playing yugioh I wouldn't even ask my opponent what their card does.  They would do like 20 different moves on turn 1 and im just confused.
My god you could have posted 2 hours of this and it would still be gold.   I was buying packs in YuGiOh Duel Links tonight. I was telling my 10-year-old kid I got a few really good cards. I let him read 1 of them and asked if he understood what to do. He's a really bright kid and was like, "nope don't get it." And I told him, yeah, this is why sometimes I just let the computer due auto mode on decks until I see the combos enough times to understand what they do. Unreal how a child's TV show is built around a card game that most kids are not going to want to read to understand.
Pot of Prosperity in MTG translation:  Pot of Prosperity Exile 3 or 6 cards from your sideboard  Scry for the same amount, put one card in your hand and the rest on the bottom of your deck  Your opponent takes half damage until the end of the turn.
The ridiculous link and pendulum mechanics that were added to this game is the exact reason why I quit and went over to mtg
Im convinced in a near future they are just gonna release actual books with card effects and the effect on the card will be turn to page X in your book to see all its effects
Rough rule of thumb, the more text the more better the card
The quote someone. “The only life point that matters is the last one”
Awesome!
A lot of Yu-Gi-Oh cards remind me -- in terms of wordiness at least! -- to early Magic cards. Part of what changed in Magic was different designs, but also different ways of writing the cards and defining common mechanics.  So, a random card from Alpha (Magic's first set) called "Blaze of Glory" was originally written as:  "Target defending creature can and must block all attacking creatures it can legally block. For example, a normal non-flying target defender can and must block all normal non-flying attackers at once, but it cannot block any flying attackers. Controller of target defender may distribute damage among attackers as desired. Play before defense is chosen."  became:  "Cast this spell only during combat before blockers are declared.  Target creature defending player controls can block any number of creatures this turn. It blocks each attacking creature this turn if able."  It not only takes up less space on the card, but it also is clearer and easier to read. The downside of this is that Magic's rulebook looks like legal text for a mid-sized city😅
Laughed my ass off when professor was reading the pot card and he was like "but what does it do though?"
I've never actually read Dark dragoon's effect before. How did it even get through production? Like how did someone write up this card effect, look it over, and think " yeah, this is a great idea" only to have another team of people review it and say "oh yeah, that's a super great idea" and then finally have executives review it and greenlight it for production. How did at no point someone think that it was in any way a bad idea to print this card and release it to the public?
You know Yu-Gi-Oh has gone past the breaking point when you need a magnifying glass just to read the text on a card.
I love these crossovers
Just found your channel through TCC's video and this is awesome. As someone who played YGO as a kid and have since ended up in magic, this is great to see. Couldn't have wished for a better cross-over. Also, I find the difference in card text between games to be hilarious xD
It's genuinely amazing how Yu-Gi-Oh makes so much more sense when you find out it was created as a plot device in a manga with no rules that had to be added in later.
So funny hearing professor say the F word lmao
To clear the monster zone on the opponent's side ---- it's Mirrorforce that does it professor & it only wipes the monsters in attack position only.....not defense or set (meaning facedown) position.
Honestly the only reason you use that last card is if you play exzodia
Could we see a video where you create Yu-Gi-Oh hybrid cards for magic the gathering? That would be amazing
9:39 I found this funny lol
Run down the clock? Using mystic mine? What??? No. Just no. If someone plays mystic mine and they take long AF turns, disqualify and ban em from the tournaments for unsportsmanlike conduct. I have and always will hate people who run down the clock. In any game. That is not playing the game that is playing the system and tournament organizers and is just downright scummy.
I'm surprised at his response to the Pot. When translated, it's effectively a Ponder, a really good card in MTG. It doesn't need to be a demonic tutor.
16:52 i know im very late but, how did he say the exact reason this card got banned?, WHAT!?
How did he not get that Prosperity is just Scry.
As a Magic player, that video confirms i dont want to play yugioh 😅
pot of prosperity on my gren maju deck is a staple.
You should believe in Heart of the Cards!!! Magic Gathering Player: What? Are you kidding me?
I swear I had a visceral reaction when Ash Blossom popped up 😂
El meme de no saber leer se hace realidad en el yugioh.
i have an entire "no" deck you cant play cards you cant summon stuff you cant do nothing or youre hurting fucking love that deck its inconsistent as shit but when it burns it buuuuuurns
*pulls Ash*  It's a tuner  No it's not. It never hits the battlefield.
"Here's the secret........ YoU...DoNt..." 🤣😂🤣😂🤣💯💯💯👌👌👌
I think Yu-Gi-Oh cards are written by lawyers or genies
Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon is the typical power creep card that could only originate from a child's mind.
There have been some changes Konami has made to decrease the amount of text on the card, like putting GY instead of graveyard, LP instead of life points,, and very rarely to make it a bit more understandable.  I do agree about using the space given. If there's less text, increase the font size Konami. Give our eyes a break.   But worse case scenario, as long as you can read the title of it you can always search up what the card does online.
Professor can't talk about novel text when he plays magic.
If the text wasn't so small, the professor could have seen the year on the cards.
Always thought blue eyes ultimate dragon should have been able to attack 3 times then it would have actually been deadly not op just deadly
I regret Yu-Gi-Oh
18:25 I was expecting they tell him about some guy got beat up in local for activated Mystic Mine 🤣🤣🤣
14:23 You're forgetting REDMD.
Have this man play Cardians.
Show them painful choice.
I'm going to try to translate the cards to MTG (I play mtg a little bit and not yugioh at all):  Blue-eyes ultimate dragon: as an additional cost to cast this card, you must sacrifice three Blue-eyes white dragons  P/T: 9/8.  Ash Blossom and Joyous Spring:  Discard or sacrifice this card: counter opponent spell that draws cards, searches their library, or mills cards.  P/T: 0/4  Pot of Prosperity: Until end of turn, your opponent takes half damage.  Exile 3 or 6 cards from your [sideboard?].  Scry X, where X is the cards exiled by PoP, then draw 1.  You may not draw additional cards this turn.  You may only activate PoP once per turn.   World Gears of Theurlogical Demiurgy: as an additional cost, exile 3 creatures with mana value 5 or higher.  {t}:  If the exiled creatures have at least 3 different colours and types, destroy all other creatures. {t}: If your opponent casts a card from his [sideboard?], you may place a creature card from your library onto the battlefield. P/T:  7/??  Winged Dragon of Ra, Sphere Mode:  Cannot be cast without paying its casting costs.  Hexproof, Defender. As an additional cost to cast, sacrifice three creatures controlled by the same player.  That player gains control of WDoRSM.  WDoRSM's owner gains control of it each end step. Sacrifice WDoRSM: place Winged Dragon of Ra on the battlefield and its stats become 8/8.  Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon: As an additional cost, exile Dark Magician and Red Eyes Black Dragon or another dragon. Shroud Destroy target opponent creature, then deal damage equal to the creature's power to its controller.  Activate this ability as a sorcery.  You may use this ability each turn equal to the number of creatures exiled by REDD. Once per turn, you may discard a card.  If you do, counter target activated ability and gains +2/+0. P/T: 6/5  Solemn Judgement: Enchantment. Lose half your life: counter target spell.  Mystic Mine:  Enchantment.  If one player controls more creatures than their opponent, they cannot attack or activate creature abilities.  On each end step: If your opponent controls the same number of creatures as you, sacrifice this enchantment.
common courtesy to not use mystic mine
The Professor: "I think my favorite cards are this one" brings out Cancer 1 "this one" brings out cancer 2 "and this one" brings out cancer 3. Never get the Professor into Yu-Gi-Oh, please.
Love mystic mine. It keeps the one shot dueling from happening if you get to go first. People actually have to use strategy instead of effect killing the other player. That's why I stop competing.
Man I feel as lost as this guy with my own deck lol
I love this kind of videos, reacting from both perspectives, Mtg and Yu-Gi-Oh cards
rewatching this video, now I really want the "rewriting YGO cards as MTG cards" video to happen!
Effects are so confusing I swear I gotta check my cards like 30 times mid due to make sure what I’m doing even works lol. Sometimes I find out my cards can do something I didn’t know abt before mid duel 😂.
I never had a problem reading ygo cards but I also have perfect vision so I don’t know what its like to struggle with font.
I feel like Mystic Mine in Magic would be Blood Moon. It may totally stop your opponent or just slow the game. But only the one playing it will enjoy it.
Professor wanting no more words gave me a memory of Relinquished...I could not read it as a kid...  Edit: Pot of Prosperity is just Scrying 3 or 6, then drawing them. Scry 6 sounds nice, actually.
after watching the other side of this, you gave him the MEANEST yugioh variant comparatively lol. although honestly it made for a much more fun vid, so fair is fair. it explains why he had so many smug looks when it was his turn lol
Ass Blassum & No Joy
MTG has an entire archetype called a "Prison" deck. Mystic Mine is right up that alley, so the Professor was ready for it.
Can we legit hire a MTG card writer to go through and make oracle text for Yu-Gi-Oh!? I find modern magic to be pairfully wordy, and this is SO MUCH WORSE!
Yugioh should find a way to shorten those texts. Year by year, they get cunningly smaller.
Plot twist, the number in the stars idea is in Rush Duel. Good on Konami for listening to the Professor.
The list of negatives about the game that the professor makes is EXACTLY what kept me from playing the game since childhood. I have autism, and loaded descriptions like those are very difficult for me to process. I have to say it out loud, break down what the card does, then simplify all of it to myself. With enough practice I'm sure I could play complex decks, but I know that would take me years. For now I have to stick with incredibly simple decks because remembering all of the resources while keeping up with what your opponent does is so hard for me. I just recently started playing, and luckily all of the people at my local game store are super friendly and have a ton of patience when teaching. Just hearing someone lay out these issues and regard them as important made me feel better because I thought it was a me problem. I've always felt alienated from my peers for not just 'getting it'. I doubt Konami will fix these issues because it only sounds like the game is becoming more complex, but hey what are you gonna do. I'll just keep playing for fun. :) Thanks for the video, Team APS!
If only he saw zarcs textbox lmao
Maaaaany Magic the Gathering players ask the question, “How much does the Professor actually cuss?”
Mystic Mine Exodia deck.
Basically he arrived at the conclusion that modern yugioh is confusing, convoluted, and overly complicated. You gotta study your deck like it's college midterms to understand how to play it.
You can also get around the damage halving bit of Pot of Prosperity by playing it in your second main phase.
As a player of both its been fun to watch both of these channels dip their toes into each others game. Please make more content like this, it's incredibly engaging and cross pollinates the communities.
Great video haha
As a magic exclusive player, this was actually fun to play along with.
It’s why I struggle to get back into yugioh. As a kid it used to be so simple now you gotta read 8000 words in a tiny font to understand one cards effect
If you do another one of these, please make him read Endymion xd
A wise man once said, “if Harthstone is like checkers, and Magic is like chess, then Yugioh is CoD MM2 remake.”
If he can explain what pot of greed does then he truly will be a genius
I agree that the text is weird to understand. If u see it in action is easier to understand.
Since when prosperity is meh  It's busted
A real shame that the face cam footage was lost, but always amusing to hear an outside opinion on the game :)
For a lot of MtG players, Mystic Mine is one of the most annoying stun decks that was ever created, some decks used it as part of its deck like sky strikers, and some as a going 2nd option against combo decks with annoying boards. There are a few ways mystic mine is played a lot as deck: burn, exodia, final countdown, some weird alternative win condition decks, mill/slow mill out. One of the biggest trolls with mystic mine deck is they run card that looks into your opponent's Top 3 card from their deck and stack them in any order, then they use the card called prohibition, calling out said card's name so that card can never be played. So in other words, you will never draw the outs. The deck practically doesnt run much if any monsters, the ones they do is either summons to your opponent's field so you can get it out turn 1, or searches/draws cards that doesnt stay on the field. Sky striker is one of the few decks that run it because it is primarily a go 2nd deck and only can have out 1 monster at a time.
yugi sure has gone a long way from messenger of peace WMC burn to mystic mine
As a magic player....these cards are fn ridiculous with their wording and font. Holy shit lol
I love this. So glad I found you through tolarian
Why didn't you give him Lava Golem? Thats like the ultimate troll card
That last one could be interesting and balanced in magic. Add all attack power on creatures you control. You can only attack an opponent with a larger value. That or number of creatures.
I never realized I got a college reading level from yugioh until I played magic or Pokémon, it’s actually insane how little text they have.
MYSTIC MONE IS BANNED 🎉🎉🎉
Solemn judgment doesn't negate monster effects
You guys made me think about a possible combo, Mystic mine + Eatos/Dreadscythe, could work...
15:16 i won turnaments  (well wasi n top2 good enaugh) with 3 of this card when it was legal :D that time there ware so few negate traps in the game is 10/10 best card of the game :D
Bro driving me nuts when he turns over the cards still hanging on to each edge bending it.. Literally the guy bends every card he flips, omg 🤦🤦🤦
I missed the times when my opponent couldn't do a 5 minute combo during my draw phase and then another 10 minute combo during my stand by phase.
Please professor, make a video rewriting yugioh cards. That would be awesome
I don't understand why people complain about mystic mine when all you got to is use MST or something to destroy it not that hard!
I don't understand people who call a card or playstyle toxic. The goal is to win, if you can't win immediately and make sure I can't win until you do, then that makes sense and is fully in the spirit of the game. As long as the card is not banned, just use it if it works well for your deck, if I don't like it, why would you care, you aren't here to make sure I like the way YOU play, you are here to beat me in a duel
man, i LOVE The Professor x APS vids <3 always a great video! S+ tier entertainment xD
People who complain about mystic mine are the same ones that say backrow removal is bad.
"Like Stasis in Magic the Gathering" Yep, this card says, we don't play the game anymore until I can win.
"these cards are working against you" well if you look at from the origin of the game in the anime it was an evil game so it's on point lmao
“This could be said without the cumbersome language” No one tell Prof that PSCT *is* cards without the cumbersome language
The stars make it look cool lol
wordiness and font size alone put me off lol im with the professor
Imagine if you went to see a fortune teller and she suddenly turning the card vertically and calling an attack.  FTeller : I saw your future! you''ll never get laid!!! Client : -1000LP.
Tbh Blue-eyes ultimate is real good if you can summon it with waking the dragon
3:49 STAPLE
wow, I have many other cards like mystic mine and they don't get talked about and I see why. that card is so...unfair hahaha it's a fun card like chicken game. I still have cards that could stop that in most of my decks, but I still love it.
I feel like Yu-Gi-Oh is just mocking us all now for having not pursued advanced scientific degrees with these walls of text and card terminology. I sympathize with @TolarianCommunityCollege "How the f*** do you read this stuff?" 😂
Pot of Prosperity would be the yugioh equivalent of Demonic Consultation only alot less brutal if you miss what you're looking for.
Should have had him read chaos emperor dragon
Update: mystic mine has successfully been banned
I want to see the Professor try to rewrite the cards while still following the Yugioh ruleset like; no keywords
His criticism of the confusing walls of text is fair lol. It's why I love speed duel so much, takes the game back to the fundamentals
Oh man this is exactly why I could never get into yugioh, I liked the idea of trap cards and stuff but my god the fucking walls of text on so many cards is painfully unnecessary it feels like a kid trying to fill out a word count for a college essay that hasn’t done any of the studying.
I know a lot of Yugioh cards have novels of text but I am just impressed how they were able to fit that much text on the card.
I like Mystic Mine. It just shuts down the 3 minutes of combos. Then you just use life draining cards to attack.
Not a yugioh player but I enjoyed watching both of these videos. Nice content.
I think, in the right deck, the Mystic Mine is a great and powerful card. Which Deck could this be? Deck-Destroyers, for once. If you have a deck that forces your opponent to run through their decks while preventing them from attacking you? Yes. Having Card that deal LP to your opponent directly? Again, great way to prevent your own death. Now, it takes a lot of management to keep less monsters on the field than your opponent, and you have to make sure that card is either not destroyed, or can be replaced with a copy in the same round it is destroyed.  It's not necessarily a "game stalling" card, because, as said above, you can use spell and trap cards how you like.
So many pretentious Magic players 🙄
Professor makes me want to play Magic lol
To answer your question about mystic mine there are far too many ways to remove it such as mystical space typhoon giant Tsunade and harpies feather duster
OK so I looked up that Solemn judgement one, and it's from like one of the first sets. Meaning that the chosen font size suggests that they knew (even back then) that they would need extra room in the text box for cards that would follow.
The wording has to be less convoluted if you use the actual Japanese cards, right... Like an issue with translating it into English.
It's a shame they've changed Yu-Gi-Oh so much but the blue eyes ultimate dragon isn't so bad it is indeed powerful if you can get it out it's most useful for summoning either a blue eyes shining dragon or the dragon master night
Does cards like Mystic Mine exist in MTG? Like Enchantment card where it says "If your opponent have more Creatures than you, no matter their cost, they cannot activate their creature's abilities. And their creatures cannot attack." And let's say the Enchantment have rather low cost like...2 mana cost or something.
-Mystic Mine goes into play. -Me, waiting with Cursed Seal Of The Forbidden Spell, ready to ruin my opponents strategy.
I am a little disappointed there is no reaction to Endymion
I’m having a stroke trying to comprehend these cards
KEYWORDS, PEOPLE! KEYWORDS!
Oh come on what about Cyber Stein + BEUD OTK? BEUD isn't bad bro.
8:30 modern yu-gi-oh
Love me some Mystic mine burn. Feels so good to just go oh your deck costs a thousand bucks? Mine only costed 100 and I'm hosing you. Lol. Feel the pain.
When are we getting Team APS learns MTG? XD
Do the same again with him, but this time introduce him to Yu-Gi-Oh! goat format!
you have to admit, a lot of things prof said does makes sense to the point that you as a yugioh player can't do anything else but to agree with him.
this is one of the greatest yugioh videos on the internet good job guys
the winged dragon of ra is actually an awesome card in the right deck. I'm running him in a remove from play life point gain deck where he can easily have an attack in the tens of thousands plus the turn, he is summoned other cards and effects can't be activated. he can literally end the duel in one shot.
I started playing yugioh in high school right around the time XYZ monsters were introduced, then switched to magic after pendulums and link monsters were added because I didn't feel like learning a bunch of new mechanics. After years of playing magic I'm coming back to yugioh because WotC (a subsidiary of Hasbro™©) is ruining their game with power creep and overabundance of products (big shoutout to Chris Cocks and Mark Rosewater). Prof is absolutely right that yugioh cards could be less wordy but more clear in what they actually do. Learning a yugioh deck is like reading a novel unless you netdeck on a simulator to learn your lines of play.   EDIT: also I love hearing Prof swear even if it's bleeped lmao
"Why don't they ban [Mystic Mine]?" Greetings, commenting from the future. WOOOOO, WE MADE IT BOYS
Biggest fear of a MTG player, TEXT
Most modern YGO players hate Mystic Mine because it forces them to sit back and be patient, which is hard to do when your bloodstream is flooded with Monster and Adderall.
"What are you going to do? be upset that you lost half your life? You're about to lose all your life."  bro that made me laugh way too hard
thats why i dont play yugioh anymore (only on consoles sometimes) because the text walls are so annoying. u need almost to study to understand everything.
Yu-Gi-Oh: mystic mine Mtg: stasis  Destiny 2: stasis Lol
18:47 Heh
I loved this series so much
Surprised they didn't give him a pendulum card. I would have killed to see his reaction due to how much text those cards can have and how small the card text is.
pot of greed is not even that good to be honest
hahaha this was so fun!! Amazing video. So interesting to hear Magic players opinions over YuGiOh cards! Cheers
why I play MTG and not Yu-gi-oh
I can’t believe all we needed for Mystic Mine to finally get banned was for the Professor to request it. Thank you, Professor.
I got that first card in my closet somewhere, don't care, didn't use.
Now have all of them evaluate Netrunner cards.
Pot of prosperty is Meh?
i dont play yu-gi-oh. i dont understand why the text has to be so convoluted? i guess its okay if youre familiar with the game, but i imagine its hard to get into it bc of it? rewriting yu-gi-oh cards with magic terminology sounds like great content and i would def watch it.
I love this I was individually subscribed to both channels for years and to see this collab is great
there are probably more practical way of writing these effects but they are written this way because players will end up finding loopholes for cards if they aren't specific enough.
The professor is used to play blue, that man has seen worst things that Mystic Mine.
Yu-gi-oh cards are what you get if instead of printing normal card text on Magic cards, you just copy/paste all of the relevant sections of the Comprehensive Rules on them.
I want to play that card. Omg it's perfect
Professor. Dig through time is banned in multiple formats lol.
I think many Magic: the Gathering player forget how much less text is on a card due to keywords. While it is nice for an enfranchised player, for new players keywords are really daunting. For Red Eyes Dark Dragoon one of the lines of text can be summerized with the Magic keyword Shroud, but that doesn't actually cut down the word count for players who don't know what shroud is. Same for the quick effect, it can be "Discard 1 card to counter target spell (Magic meaning of spell) or ability". But again, if you don't know what it means to counter a spell, it's not any shorter. However, I'm with Prof, cards could be clearer and more concise.
I was a former Yu-Gi-Oh player and stopped around 2005 maybe.  I downloaded and played Master Duel recently.  Wanting to read my opponents cards I found myself timing out a few times (adding when I used Maxx C I would get many cards but unlike real life duels where I can control how the cards in my hand is organized the interface and screen crunch on my phone to search my own 42+ card hand just wasn't great).  Went about saving duels just to be able to read what some cards even did, deck strategies, and why some cards operated as they did.  You can read a small book equal to the amount of card text in one deck.  I stopped playing as I didn't have the time to commit but I wish Master Duel had a tutorial outcome/curiosity setup where you can take the cards you earned and setup different "What Ifs" where we can make our own duel turn setups or possible (like the tutorial we setup the opponent's cards in hand and board, turn outcome, and also our own board, hand cards, and other conditions).  Many times I'll read a card and wonder If condition A was up but then I played Condition B what would be the full results.  A Mario Maker but for different Card strategies and outcomes to be discovered and answered for ourselves then maybe sent out for others.
The Analysis according to Blue-eyes Ultimate Dragon is not too wrong. There are alternative cards just like he said.
Magic cards from newer sets are starting to read like novels as well.
solemn judgement is a classic counter spell
Ash Blossom absolutely destroyed my casual Yu-Gi-Oh! Playthroughs. I love running Darklords. They suck but I think they're cool. But every time I get hit with a turn 1 Ash Blossom, I am bricked...
As someone who left Yugioh around 2016 and joined Magic. I love seeing the professor learn and has encouraged me to relearn the game. Thank you.
Not gunna lie, the brick of text on ygo card is  what keeps me away lol.
The level of circumlocution in this . . . Probably why Magic uses core words for sharing effects like Trample.
Oh man as a blue mage, I feel like every Yu-gi-oh player on earth would despise me (more than Magic players already do). I stall, I control the board, i control the pace, and I eventually kill you; but its gonna take a while. YGO players think Mystic Mine is bad? Ensnaring bridge. Stasis. Tangle Wire. Winter Orb. There's more, but you get it. Combined with a bunch of 'no' spells...lmao, yea.
When GX came out, i went "F**k that, mtg time!"
Wow, it’s impressive how insanely gimmicky and goofy yugioh cards are compared to magic while still being less interactive for either player.
This is a better crossover than avengers.
Ya'll should have added MST XD
🤣 the pure confusion of how to read really had me. 9:56
The thing with YuGiOh is that anything that makes it so that your opponent can’t play the game at a reasonable cost is good
Pendulum cards should have been shown to the professor 🤣
I love yugioh but the long text the dumb rules is such a frigden road block for new people to start playing yugioh
Mystic Mine is finally banned
Professor @ 18:49: "C'mon Konami, ban Mystic Mine!"  Konami: Okay fiiiiiiine....
And Konami banned Mine for professor, wow
Surprised Pot of Prosperity was so hard for prof, it's a dig spell through top 3 or 6 with an exile cost. the revealed cards go to the bottom of the library in any order. And you can't draw after. Like a weird memory deluge with a downside
Professor: Why won't they ban it? Come on Konami, what's up? Konami: 👀 Konami: *puts it in emergency ban list*
You know maybe there should be a school... on an island... that's funded by a batshit crazy billionaire to learn how to play Yugioh
The real trap card: A company tryin to cheap em on word text ink, but somehow blast the pictures with holographic substance... What are we supposed to believe~!!!!! Incompetence or shifting cost to the art?
If you think Mystic Mine is "problematic", then you're not bringing enough removal. Thats a you problem. Not a card design problem.
Please show him Yubel next time
Why Ultimate Dragon has such small font? It only has one monster's name three times.
Please don't be a lot of text, Oh God NO!!!!
The ending is a perfect description of problems with Yughio. For whatever reason Yughio is the only card game I know of that doesn't use a Key word system and just conveys what everything means in its card text
Yu-Gi-Oh text is like that work meeting that could have been an email.
Prof literally putting the cards on the table like "yeah, I like these" building dragoon control lol
Are there ways to give the opponent monsters in this game? If that were the case Mystic Mine would probably be banworthy
1:13 ding ding ding.
I like how the *ding* for Mystic Mine went off when he said “this is stupid.”
This video is fucking killing me😂😂😂
Have him read Dark World card effects and see if he can figure out how they work
You guys should have asked him to review Endymion, the mighty master of magic.He would have gotten a stroke from all of that text.
If you ever get the professor back have him react to iconic moments of the anime
If mystic mine was  in magic. It would probably be busted  with an enchantment  deck with unblocking monsters
Small font - gotta save on that ink money
It baffles me how much easier it could be to read these cards if Konami just used SOME words. For instance, lemme go on it. I'm doing what the prof is saying in 7:30 right now.  1. Ash Blossom [Z/T/E] [Make Symbols for these, Duel links actually does have symbols for the Type, and Tuners have their level marked in green]:  _(1PT) On either turn, on activation [c/e] of Search, Manifest or Bury, discard to negate the effect._   (Search: getting a card from Deck to hand Manifest: Special Summoning a monster directly from the Deck Bury: sending a card directly from the Deck to the GY.  The 1PT would be for the once per turn restriction. [c/e] would specify it'd be for card OR effect. Discard would be discard, as it is now.)  2. Pot of Prosperity [S]:  _[STATIC] Monsters are Weakened to half damage in this turn._ _(1PT) Eradicate 3 or 6 cards hidden. Excavate cards from the Deck equal to those Eradicated; Add 1 to the hand and Encapsulate the rest in your order. After activation, Search is Forbidden for the rest of the turn._  (STATIC: An effect that is enabled regardless of the card activating it being on the field or not Eradicate: Send cards directly from the Deck out of play, of any number. Encapsulate: Place in the bottom of the deck. Forbidden: You can't perform a certain specified action. Weakened: Monsters under a specified effect either don't inflict their original ATK in damage, or they outright lose ATK due to some effect.)  3. World Gears of Theurlogical Demiurgy [C/L/E] _3 L5+_ _Not Link Material. Shielded [e]._ _(1PT, EITHER):_ _A) If Heeded with 3 Distinct Materials; Destroy all cards on the field. B)In Opponent's turn, on Heed, Manifest a "World Legacy" monster._  (Shielded [e]: Unaffected by the effects of other monsters. Distinct: Things of different attributes/types each. Heed: Special Summon From the Extra Deck Effects ordered with A, B, C indicate it's a choice that can be made from the player)  4. The Winged Dragon of Ra - Sphere Mode [DB/E] _Forced: 3 Monsters from either side of the field. Is a Trojan until the End Phase of the next turn._ _Docile. Ethereal [c/e]. You can Tribute to Call or Manifest a "Winged Dragon of Ra"; in which case its ATK and DEF become 4000._  (Forced: can only be Summoned within the specified requirements and no other ways. Trojan: Summoned by one side to the other side of the field. Basically, Kaiju style effects. Docile: Cannot attack. Ethereal: Cannot be TARGETED, either for attacks or from effects)  5. Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon [SC/F/E] _Ethereal, Indestructible (e)._ _(On Main Phase, For as many Normal Monsters used to Fuse Heed per turn): Tear an opponent's monster; Burn for its original ATK_ _(1PT, Snap): On effect activation, discard 1 card to Negate and Tear the activated card; This card gains 1000 ATK_  (Fuse Heed: Fusion Summon from the Extra Deck Tear: Destroy without Targeting Burn: Burn damage Snap: Quick Effect)   6. Solemn Judgment [T] _Activate on Monster Summon or activation of a Spell/Trap. Pay half your LP, Negate and Tear that card._  7. Mystic Mine [FS] _If your Opponent Overwhelms, or if you Overwhelm them, exclusively you or your opponent are Forbidden from activating monster effects or attacking respectively. If neither Overwhelm, destroy this card._  (Overwhelm: controlling more monsters than the other.)
mystic mine + gravity bind + skill drain = evil troll 🤣😂
Yo
Please do a video where ya'll play dungeon dice monsters
Hearing the prof actually curse uncensored was weirdly hilarious.
Ok here me out mystic mine and final countdown is that a good combo
I love everything y'all do with the professor. I stumbled onto your channel from a collab y'all did on his channel and now I've actually gotten into Yugioh solely from watching you guys. Great job
I am a long-time Magic the Gathering player, I stopped playing Yu-Gi-Oh way back almost 20 years ago.   Mystic Mine is a card that I initially saw as a pretty good shutdown card. But also, upon further thought, it's Stax. I hate playing against Stax decks. If I am against someone playing Stax in Commander, I sweep and leave. I refuse to play against that, because it's no fun.
Level stars were probably the least thought-out stat in Yu-Gi-Oh!. The manga's author (bless his soul) clearly just thought they were cool, so he slapped Levels also on Capsule Monsters and those board games with Bakura and Otogi. That's why Levels were completely meaningless early on, and the author had to come up with new mechanics to justify their existence (Ritual Summon in the Duelist Kingdom arc and Sacrifice in the Battle City arc). The new Rush Duel card design is much more sensible, instead of having a bunch of stars you have to count, they just go with a number.
Idk why this man slapping down Dragoon next to Mine was so threatening 😂 also we need more of this content great video
The mystic m8ne issue is funny, its easy to remove unless youre not prepare to destroy backrows.
5:58 Pot of Prosperity "excavate" in MTG terms would be called "scry" wouldnt it?
Prof: "How do you read this cards?"   "Here's the secret..........you don't"
I feel the professor would like rush duel, less card text and more direct with it's explanations
*_Struggling reading a card._* "I hate this card."  As an old Yu-Gi-Oh player, that is so valid XD
mystic mine + sky strikers deck a deadly combo
I LOVED this lol
"how do you read this?" "You don't" this is the most relatable thing for anyone beginning yugioh
Yugioh players dont read, and MTG players are finally gonna find out WHY we dont read lmao
A magic player said ban mystic mine after 2mins of explanation 🤣🤣 cmon komoney!
Pot of prosperity in YuGiOh:  Novel…………………………….  Pot of prosperity in magic text:  Discard 2, 3, 4, 5 or 6 Cards from your hand. Look at the top X Cards from the top of your library where X is the numder of Cards you discarded this way. Put one of them Into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in a random order.   I think this is what Pot of prosperity does because YuGiOh Cards are unreadeble
I love how prof said this is stupid too mystic mine and got the correct answer ping
You know a card is BAD when it is banworthy in the eyes of a NON-Yu-Gi-Oh player
these collabs were rly good , should do more of these ^^
Look it's beerus from dragonball super again. Good video
“How do you read these cards” “You don’t” That one pendulum monster in one of the structure decks that takes (on an average reading speed) over a minute to read
I hate Yu-Gi-Oh for not using keywords except for LP, piercing damage and the GY.
I think seeing inspector boarder and how awkwardly it’s worded would have also been fun
I remeber playing Yugioh as a kid and never really knew what I was doing
Next vid: Professor plays Duelingbook xD
I know it wasn't on camera, but I hope someone explained to him that Yu-Gi-Oh players are some of the worst rules lawyers in all of gaming.   Yes, worse than Magic players.... and Pokemon TCG players...  Hell, I'd say they're worse than some D&D players. The extra long card text is needed because any ambiguity always leads to dumb BS happening, so PSCT became a thing to make it stop.
"By the time you get to the end, you forgot the beginning, and you have to start over" is an underrated line
I practically sh!t myself at the words "Mystic Mine".
There's more space on the cards foe the art than the text.
Just wanted to say. I used to play magic a LOT and found this video because I still watch the professor. You guys got me into yugioh from this interaction. I bought skystrikers yesterday
Loved the video! Gotta say though, that bent Pot of Prosperity hurt my soul just a little 😬
He would've loved Quintet Magician with his board wipe ability haha
“Reading the card explains the card”  If you know PSCT
In magic we have a saying "Reading the card explains the card." In yugioh we dont read our cards because theres not enough time in the day.
5:24  Yep, pretty much my reaction after more than a decade.
1:16  When you accidentally invent Rush Duel card designs.
Controversial opinion... Those walls of YGO text are significantly easier to understand than "the stack" and the fact that you can add more cards to the stack after it started resolving 😅
Yugioh cards writen like magic cards sounds like a good video idea
see the real problem with yugioh as a game is that it wasn't SUPPOSED to be playable. it was a one off game made up by Takahashi to fill a chapter that had random rules based on what made the story interesting, just like all the other one-off games he came up with. But when the editors decided that they needed the card game back because ratings were low, Takahashi brought it back, but still just made it up as he went along because it was a story, not a game! But then ofc they had to make it real for that Money so the game designers had to try and turn this narrative tool into an actual game, and it's been a mess ever since, lol. MTG and other popular trading card games have the advantage of having been designed as games first rather than storytelling tools, so their internal logic makes more sense and is more streamlined.
Love the professor!
It's soooo weird hearing the Prof swear
The voice crack when he says critical had me rolling lol 🤣 3:46
Man u have such good chemistry with that mtg guy. Do more with its hilarious
This series was fun. Now I wanna see you guys play each others game casual edh and like draft yugioh. (Mtg has has draft.) I think it would eb awesome.
So ive play/played all of the "Big 3" card games fairly extensively.  My biggest problem with Yu-Gi-Oh is that is everything is almost all of it is  based around tribes anymore. Meaning every tribe has a "lord" and every tribe has a card that searches for another specific card that then searched for a different card, that then searches for your final banger of a card..  It really feels, to me, that every card is basically the same. Magic has a lot more room for creativity in deck building in my opinion. Also, Yugioh needs to start having a rotating standard so they can slowly dial back the power of their cards.
If Yugioh players are upset about Mystic Mine...I wouldn't recommend switching to MTG haha stacks are everywhere.
That Pot of prosperity is basically dig through time and prof said meh
Ash blossom so broken he figured out in just a few seconds😂
"WAaaaaahh, too much text" = "I rather vague abilities/traits that don't describe what they do, so instead you need to have a rule book on you at all times."
A couple of years from now, people will not be allowed to play Yugioh without a legal advisor present explaining card texts. I used to love this game when it wasn't so unnecesarily complex. I'm surprised it still survives. I wish Konami finds a way to make it healthier.
Do I misremember or was blue eyes ultimate dragon a not staple at one point in a powerful combo deck?
Too much judgement Good Attitute and a lot of missconceptions eroded and also you showed him a bunch of cards
This is why we don't get enough new players lmaoooo
I saw mystic mine on the thumbnail and knew it'd be a good time
Okay so Magic player here and I'm curious: can you not do anything to remove Mystic Mines? In Magic it would be the equivalent of an artifact or enchantment spell, and there are a as many cards that deal with artifact and enchantment removal as there are creature removal cards, so this really wouldn't be a huge issue in magic, so why is it so strong in Yu-Gi-Oh? Do you not have removal for it in any way?
Omfg the comment about the stars being the symbol and a number, ive been thinking that for so long. THANK YOU
Mystic Mine is like Yugioh's version of Ensnaring Bridge.
As a MTG player, Pot of Prosperity just completely broke my brain.
1st thing from Prof. "This should be easy to read!" Yu-Gi-Oh 7's: Erm WTS
I legit made an Exodia Deck that's kinda halfbaked, having only mid-tier stall options in it and I almost never got all the pieces of Exodia before i died... then I added Mystic Mine and suddenly that ONE card made my crappy deck actually start winning... yeah Mystic Mine is CRAZY Strong
Ra sphere mode is basically Yugioh’s version of gilded drake
Your stupid  If got room in the extra deck you can cheat out this card by using waking the dragon effect   I know that blue eyes decks not meta  Alot of ppl use this as 4500 beat stick in a regular game   I think this video is mean going off the meta not what's actually affordable n is played by regular person
As a MtG player who dabbles in YGO, I the Professor's pain.  Great video, love the content.
Dies to fissure
Hearing Prof swear is a treasure
Can we see the professor play yugioh or watch a match?
We need a second part of this with face cam!
Yeah mine and stasis are pretty close ...
In mtg there is a deck called "lantern control" which plays effects like mystic mine and hand disruption(like forceful sentry). Once you are locked the deck uses the namesake card which is the lantern and it let's them look at your deck and the deck also has effects that change the top card of your deck by milling. So once the lock is set there is absolutely nothing you can do because even if you have cards in your deck to stop that, the deck doesn't let you draw those cards.  After all that you just draw your entire deck slowly and lose (good players will know to quit long before that happens)
I'm impressed by how quickly the professor broke down the text and figured out why a card would be good. I'm even more impressed by how he figured out the issues with the game card text and how to fix it.
Dragoon is good? News to me.
I absolutely love this type of video. It's so fascinating seeing what elements of different tcg's carry over and which dont
Mystic mine is just yugioh tabernacle at pendrell vale xD
I dont know yugioh, i have no idea what the cards do and im too lazy to read and understand it, i just love profs reaction xD
Oh no,it's a Tcg player worst nightmare! Text!
Do Yugioh players flex on each other with magnifying glasses or monocles?? If not i think that should be a thing 🧐✨
I wanna like yugioh but like bruh i gotta get glasses to play this game
My exact reaction to any Yu-Gi-Oh card with lots of text. Geeez how do you read this?
I like this guy!
Imagine the Professor reading the effect of "Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic". I'm glad that the card didn't come up in this video, because losing his reaction would be a huge missed opportunity. Hoping for a next episode ❤️
Finding this channel has been a delight y'all are a delight
Magic text: Flying, Lifelink, Haste, Scry 3  Yugioh text: If you own a 2002 Toyota Camry and have had a Big Mac in the last 49 days and 16 hours, search your deck for 1 DARK type level 4 or lower effect monster with exactly 1600 ATK and 200 DEF and add it to your hand. You can only use this effect once per turn.  And that's why I love Yugioh! 😎😎
You guys are awesome. I remember finding you guys, Team APS, through the professors channels where you two were discussing the communities of both Yu-gi-oh! And MTG. I fell for both you're channels then and there.
Now every time I'm going to read a MTG card with a lot of text I'm going to be reminding myself "Yu-Gi-Oh has it worse."
The interactions and reactions on this video were great!  Would love to see a series where the Prof teaches MTG and Team APS teaches him Yu-Gi-Oh.
Dragoon is so insanely good that it didn't top any major event
Mystic mine looks like any stax effect in magic
“Reading the card explains the card”
Ivr always seen mine as stasis that's the best analogy
Why does the Professor remind me so much of Chris Jericho in the way he speaks? "Oh my god it's a novel." "Ok but what does it actually do?" "Boy, you're flaunting your colour choices..." "If you do all this dumb s***...." "How the f*** do read these cards?
More words smaller cards
You should play games of commander with The Professor and other well-known MTG personalities and people like The Professor should play games of Yu-Gi-Oh with you guys.
I honestly feel like 90% of Yu-Gi-Oh cards especially modern cards could be rewritten to be easier to read.
looks like LPL show. i like it
Mystic mine is a very useful card if you want to stop your oponent from all the "solitaire playstyle" that is camping nowdays in Yu-Gi-Oh
This was brilliant man. Love it! Laughed my butt off! The Professor cursing had me dying. LOL.
I wonder how much of the verbose card text is due to the cards being too literally translated from Japanese.
Prof swearing is weird
He likes to clear board then any Demise and/or Oblivion would be decent.
Honestly I'm kinda glad cards like Mystic Mine exist, keeps Meta in check if you ask me. that's Honestly just my own opinion though that I know most don't agree with. that aside I loved seeing the Professor doing this, I hope there are more collaborations in the future.
Very interesting that he didn't make the explicit comparison between *Solemn Judgment* and *Force of Will* because they're at base value so damn similar
I'm a normal monster player. I love Mystic Mine.
the rules text on these cards seem like AI generated gibberish to me hahaha
I loved these two videos!! Thanks for the collab folks :D
Mystic Mine does be a mix of Overwhelming Splendor and Ensnaring Bridge, I love it in Altergeist
When the Professor commented on how someone could run a deck around Mystic Mine using stun spells and set up, did you tell him that someone won a YCS using that exact strategy?
This was a cool and fun idea. Hope more people pick this up and not just for card games, could be used for any game.
What's "Stasis" in magic?
Seriously, Konami need someone else to write those texts... I could easily rewrite those cards with fewer words and easier to understand.  For example: Ash blossom. Why it has a "during either player's turn..." instead of a simple: "Discard this card: negate one of the following effects:"  Or pot of prosperity it should be:  Banish 3 or 6 cards from your extra deck. Excavate the same amount of cards from the top of your deck, add 1 of them to your hand, put the rest on the bottom of your deck.  (Space / line separator) For the rest of the turn, any damage your opponent takes is halved, you can't draw cards and/or activate a card named "pot of prosperity".
Playing dragoon is saying "Hey i have no skill"
I thought this was a Tolarian Community College video, but it sucks to see the prof to be tortured with this garbage game.
I really hope you guys will try out magic
Yeah pot of prosperity is really good the only issue I think is you can’t run it in every deck. Some decks have very little extra deck space and your banishing 6 of your extra deck monsters . I mean sure your adding a card but unless you already have your board out your gonna build it with extra deck monsters and cutting out 6 that you mighty need could be an issue.
The fundamental issue with most TCGs is trying to find the balance of expanding mechanics and conveying them in an efficient manner, and the longer a game is produced, the harder the barrier to entry is for new players. YGO suffers by having the same real estate filled with ever-growing walls of increasingly shrinking text, much of which is convoluted or referential. MTG suffers from a requirement to memorize the lengthy list of card mechanics, as much of that information is not immediately available unless you're the type to keep the game guide on standby. Pokemon VGs play wildly different from the TCG, for many reasons not least of which because weaknesses work differently. These of course aren't issues for most people once they are entrenched in the culture and gain some skill at the game, where the knowledge of what you need to pay attention to becomes more obvious to you and thus easier to utilize. But when you're new, you don't know what you don't know, and sometimes TCGs can kinda suck at giving new players the chance to be in the know.
havent see Yugioh cars in a very long time but i think the best way to use the Ra Card is, to sacrifice 3 annoying cards of the opponent, later summon Ra (not sure how good that card is) with this Egg and potencially sacrifice Ra to summon a better Card. After all, you need high material to summon a high Monster. That didnt really change over the Years.   Dont really understand why people fear the Mine Card. Back then, when i collected some Cards as many Kids, spell and Trap Cards to destroy Spell and trap Cards were common in every Deck. Its a Fieldcard and if that didnt change, only 1 Fieldcard can be activated at the same time. activate another Fieldcard to wipe this or kill it with another Card. It only affects Monsters.
Cards says:: "(C) 1996" Prof says. "This is a new card"
i would LOVE a magic "translated" yu-gi-oh video! i honestly think its so interesting how similar yet different these games are! certain strategies that are staples for mtg are nonviable in ygo and vice versa
I wouldn't say ultimate dragon was bad per say - it's the highest attack vanilla beatstick, which there's uses for whenever there's a build for vanilla creatures. Altho, maybe that's powercreeped by this point.
In magic if a card has too much text it’s unplayable because we don’t want to deal with all the reading
This was fun. Geeze, the word salad and Engrish on Yugi cards is insane.
No one gate keeps YuGiOh. It gatekeeps itself. I used to bring a magnifying glass with me so people could read my old Relinquished. That’s not a joke.
I said the same thing in comments once and people accused me of wanting to turn everything into MtG. Like what ass backwards thinking is that? "The essence of YGO is bad card text."...? I mean I don't play it and I absolutely see other very compelling arguments for playing YGO over MtG: 1) Decks are consistent. (I think the worst thing about MtG is mana screw.) 2) Konami does not seem to hate reprints of highly sought after cards.
Prof: How do you read that? APS: That's the neat part, you don't.
as a Magic player, i can completely feel the Professor's frustration with these cards
This is why konami make yugioh sevens becouse a lot of text and this game is not for childrens anymore , for the price and a lot of habilities
Yes!! More!
To each their own but I seriously don’t get the draw to YGO…I loved collecting the cards as a kid and watching the show, but playing the game seriously just seems like a headache. The card text is clunky and bloated beyond belief, and the focus on heavy card draw/combo play results in ridiculous chains that end the game on turn 2. I much prefer Magic’s slower pace and resource management that prevents people from going off and winning the game in their first hand.
I saw Pot of Prosperity as being something like Ponder in Magic. I thought it seemed pretty good!
The really annoying thing about Yu-Gi-Oh is every archetype brings new mechanics and gameplay due to the fact that in Yu-Gi-Oh there really aren't many keywords like in magic. Basically the rules are centered around the cards themselves being the rules where as in magic the cards are centered around the rules for the most part
this video is just tormenting a Magic player with a ridiculous amount of text on a Yugioh card.
love him flipping the card off at 10:11
Glad to see you moving to MTG, I haven't played YGO since the DAD/Judgement dragon days, and I didn't like the direction it went so I picked up Magic.  You guys should definitely upload games while you learn it.
Honestly the prof criticism of poor font and hard to understand what a card is doing is why I stopped playing Yu-Gi-Oh and started mtg instead. I started Yu-Gi-Oh back when it first came out, every was very simple and easy to figure out, you just had to strategize a bit, then it ramped hard when I got to high school and I gave up trying to figure it out
YuGiOh might have a lot of text, but at least I know what the card does. I feel like magic has the most confusing wording only for brevity’s sake.
I need you to know that every magic player is watching this at 1.5x speed, lol
The *Orb* always reminds me of this game I was in, I was playing blackwings, and they were playing an egyptian god deck, I had four blackwings out, one being Blizzard, they *Orbbed* me...but left my Blizzard, I simply synchroed into Onimaru. Lol.
Not a big fan of yugioh but you guys are just so fun, your love of the game makes me wanna like the game. Unfortunately, as Prof said yall cards wording and text SUCK!
The Winged Dragon of Ra (White) Legendary Creature - God  Defender, Hexproof  Special Summon - Target player sacrifices three creatures they control and gains control of this creature as it enters the battlefield. If this card enters the battlefield by a way other than this, sacrifice it.  At the beginning of your end step, target opponent gains control of this creature.  />, sacrifice this card: Special Summon "The Winged Dragon of Ra" from your hand onto the battlefield. It enters with base attack and defence of 4000/4000.
As a 22 year magic player this was a fucking blast. As someone who slightly knows Yu-Gi-Oh this is hilarious
The problem with these types of videos is that the players dont even know why things are good in their own game. Pros consistently think a card will be good/bad and then turn out complete opposite.
Yeah band every card that let's people play with a different strategy than spend 20 min playing 1 combo that ends in a near unbreakable bored than, then watch your opponent try to break it. 😑
As someone entirely unfamiliar with Yu-Gi-Oh but with some intermittent experience with Magic, I think that both approaches have their point. After not playing MTG for a decade, when my students got me to play with them, I had to learn all the new keyword-vocabulary and remember the old one. So having it spelt out isn't that bad. At the same time, I feel that in YGO when my opponent plays a card, I'd have to ask for it to read it 4 times before the game can go on. In MTG you have to learn fewer words, but if you don't do it, you're 100% lost. In YGO you need to spend more time reading, but you will eventually get it, given enough time.
"Use it to set up a big card" Me with my Mystic Mime/Exodia draw deck 😎
I was really confused as to why there was a WoW Horde logo on the table... until I realized it was actually a dragon.
I haven't played this game as crazy as it sounds we exist for the last card if I am not wrong if both players have the same amount of units the card gets destroyed right? when you are special summoning or killing a unit to summon a bigger one isn't that a small time in witch the opponent can do a counter in witch you don't have a unit on board? or on your turn you kill 3 units to summon one and you go from 3vs0 to 1vs0 instantly ? so there is no time in witch this thing is "baking" so the card will get destroyed? or it instantly happens? and I would guess there would be a few units that don't get effected buy spell cards 🤔
I’m a MTG player who has never played a game of yu-gi-oh… honestly, I don’t think I could ever play a game just looking at how difficult it is to read the cards.  More props to anyone enjoying the game, but I can’t ever see myself playing this just because of the formatting of the cards.
Great video! as a lifelong mtg player this actually made me want to play some yu-gi-oh. That red eyes dragoon card is sexy af
There's no way Professor didn't know how some of these cards work. He's researched different TCGs.
Pot of Prosperity seems best translation to Sylvan Library in effect, but you bottom the cards and can only keep one.
I love hearing the Prof swear. Also I like these videos, being primarily a magic player I feel the profs struggles to understabd
I’m so glad I used to play yugioh being able to understand both magic and yugioh really lets me just kind of observe the two games next to each other. I’ve been thinking of picking yugioh up again. Mystic mine looks right up my alley. Or madolches. Great video guys!
I like Prof's idea of shrinking Yu-Gi-Oh card text xD
I am a Magic player and it is really funny to hear the Prof swear in camera 😄
I've been playing magic since I was 8 years old.  Around the start of this year, my friend introduced me to Yu-Gi-Oh and I got him into magic.  This video really sealed the deal on me buying my first deck. Thanks.
Not a Yu-Gi-Oh player myself, but I very much enjoyed watching this video with the prof in it. super cool.
Hey, for the Yu-Gi-Oh! players out there, quick questtion: can you block or prevent damage using your monsters? I don't mean any abilities or special effects. I just mean if I play a vanilla monster, can I use it to prevent damage to my life points that would be inflicted by an opponent's monster? Or does my opponent just get to ignore my monster and hit me anyway? Does summoning my monster in Defense Mode change the answer?   And, if I can't "block" my opponents' monsters, don't games just end in like 2-3 turns because some monsters have 3000 or 4500 attack and each player starts with 8000 LP? If true, does that make the games more fun or less fun than if they lasted for 5-10 turns?
His complaints are trying to be addressed in the Rush Duel format. The font is still small but the text on cards tends to be more clear.
Yugioh has become such cancer it's hysterical. Stopped playing after goat control.
My first though with "Mystic mine" was to stack them and stack "FINAL", add some search spells and just hold not summon anything.
Ahhhhh Solemn Judgment. That was quite a dark time we had back then.
F**k MYSTIC MINE
Would have loved to see what he thought of Cyber Dragon Overlord with overload fusion to bring it out
PROFESÖR NEDEN SÜREKLİ NAH ÇEKİYORR!! Btw very good video guys!
What the professor doesn't understand about all the text in a YGO card is that all of it is needed to to adhere to PSCT. The fact that PSCT is standard makes it so much easier for rulings.
Loved seeing this an hour after making all my friends mad in commander with stasis
I'm about to learn Yu Gi Oh 😉
Pot of Prosperity just seems like a Scry with some card draw
I'm with the professor on this one. I left yugioh for magic right around gx era
As someone with surface level  yugioh knowledge, the text seems bad, not as bad as prof says tho, but the art is wild and I love it, plus I can see the potential for all the various combos  Im in no position to start  another hobby, but yugioh seems fun
Honestly, half the reason Yu-Gi-Oh cards are so fucking hard to parse the text for these days is that there was a standardization of card-rule phrasing at some point in the English game's history, so every single thing has this very FUCKING PRECISE rules-lawyery way of phrasing it. These phrasing regulations have to be followed to a T, no exceptions, but none of those regulation phrases really takes English grammar or readability into account. So it's like you're reading a very small, clunky legal contract every time.  The reason those phrasing regulations were established was actually because the way English cards were translated earlier on in the game's history led to some gameplay rulings that were absolutely NOT intended by the Japanese text. So some cards were unfortunately being somewhat broken by their translations. The rules-lawyery phrasing was implemented to avoid that, but...  ...Well, card texts got pretty bulky. Which is fine in Japanese. You can say a lot more with a lower character-count in Japanese. But in English it gets really text-crunchy, and the rules-lawyery phrasing rules don't help mitigate that.
in  Yu-Gi-Oh we call it ... me kid Magic invente those term
I think the only thing that would have made this better is if there was at least a camera on the professor if not one on him and one on you guys. There just seems to be a lot of unused real estate in the top left and I wish I could see his reactions. And yours.
*after reading mine* “This is stupid” *ding✅ sound effect*
It was a lot of fun until the power creep I haven't had fun playing yugioh IRL in a long time I still enjoy playing the video games and I love going back to play the games on DS because to me at less this was the best time to play. You didn't have XYZs links and so on. I liked  Synchro cards when they first game out it picked up the speed of a game to am enjoyable level without making it over complicated. Many of the cards I liked playing with in GX where still good in 5Ds because the cards rarely over shadowed old cards like they do now. I'm a nostalgic player I like using my favorite cards and when I can't use them because current meta won't allow it. It kind of ruins the fun for me. Pokemons TCG dose it right honestly. Of you like playing with your favorite pokemon no worries we released a new version of that pokemon that can compete with current meta oh also older cards can still be played in and can be just as string or better then new cards.
What a treat hearing the prof cursing
11:00 Kaijus are like that.  The reason why YGO cards have so much text is because they are very specific. They not only say what they do, but also how they do it.  And this is important because you can stop an effect from resolving successfully by stopping half of it. Also, YGO players are dumb.  I'm talking from the YGO perspective.
When is team APS gonna play a game of magic?
I don't know about you man.. but most people I know who plays Magic, has also dabbled in Yugioh and Pokemon.
I love the TCG crossovers!
It's so weird to hear the professor cuss I love it
YOO 500k on YouTube lets go Congrats guys
yugioh cards are like UN-cards in mtg
For prof ra egg is a triple targeted edict effect. Along the lines of tergrid’s shadow. Or that one each player sac’s three creatures. With egg though your opponent must have at least three creatures and egg can’t be countered
This professor must be a blue player
Should of showed off Lava Golem
Just mst the mystic mine or one of the many other cards that blow up spells. I remember when galaxy cyclone, mst, dust tornado, and new cards like lightning storm that blows up all spells and traps. Seems like if your deck can't handle this one card you are severely lacking in staple "pop" cards.
Mystic mine is YuGiOh’s Blood Moon. Best way to think about the standstill it causes
For a layman:  Why is everyone complaining about Mystic Mine? Side deck some Mystical Space Typhoons or many other fine S/T removal choices.
I've never heard the prof swear except when reading yugioh cards
I need mystic mine for my urza deck¡¡¡
as someone who played his mystic mine deck once after getting back in and going "OH COOL THAT WILL SLOT INTO MY OLD TRAP BURN DECK REALLY WELL!!" I can agree it's 100% evil 🤣
Decided as a thought experiment to make a more magic-style templating for these. The biggest source of wordiness is activation requirements and costs. So I added some keywords for that. Exhaust effect is soft once per turn, Singular effect is hard once per turn, and Tribute effect requires tributing that card as cost. Effects state their trigger (if any) using "when" or "at", then their activation restrictions (if any), then their costs (if any).  Tributing is assumed to be from the field and Excavating from the top of your deck unless otherwise specified. Spell speed 1 activations are assumed main phase only. Cards also no longer assume you have only 1 opponent.   Pot of prosperity You cannot draw cards the turn you activate this card. Singular effect, banish 3 or 6 cards from your Extra Deck face down: Excavate that many cards, then add 1 excavated card in your hand and put the rest on the bottom of your deck. Damage dealt to opponemts is halved until end of turn.  Red Eyes Dark Dragoon Indestructible and Untargetable by card effects. Effect: Destroy 1 monster an opponent controls and deal its original attack as damage to that player. Activate once per turn for each normal monster fused to summon this monster. When a card or card effect is activated, Quick Exhaust Effect: Negate that activation and destroy that card. This monster gains 1000 Atk.  Winged Dragon of Ra Sphere Mode Cannot be Special Summoned or Set. Requires 3 tributes to Normal Summon to any player's field. At End Phase: If this monster was summoned last turn, its owner gains control of it. Tribute Effect: You may Special Summon 1 4000/4000 "Winged Dragon of Ra" from your deck, ignoring its summoning conditions  World Gears of Theurlogical Demiurgy Unaffected by other monsters' effects if Link Summoned. Cannot be a Link Material. When an opponent Extra Deck summons, Singular Effect: You may Special Summon 1 "World Legacy" monster from your deck. Singular Effect: If this monster's Link Materials had at least 3 different types and attributes, destroy all other cards on the field.  Even with the extra line breaks these are much shorter than the original cards, and I think more readable as well.
i gotta agree about the font size and over wordiness of YGO cards, i'm almost 40 and reading the cards strains my eyes to the point where I can maybe play a game or 2 of goat before needing to call it.
Well now I want to build a YuGiOh deck that has the feel of the anime version of orichalcos. I.E. "This card is a forbidden spell that, if you use it, you're a bastard and are sacrificing your humanity."
It's funny because yugioh cards are called magic cards in my country
It has to be super specific. Generally worded cards in the early 2000s became staples and were universally run due to the lack of specificity. They also became OP and banned. The ban lists of mid 2000s YGO was so damn long due to vague language used. MFers found loopholes and OTKs everywhere. YGO has evolved into .25 font because they have a certain intention for the card they're creating but the players exploit the effects and make them broken lol. I love his innocence tho thinking effects can be simplified
Funny thing that he understood all the good cards :D
I don't even play Yu-Gi-Oh and I haven't played MTG in years and this is still very entertaining.
Pot of prosperity is just silly an example of what I don't like about the modern TCG.
This one's evil LUL
I wanna see him read Pendulum Endymion
I love getting to hear the prof cussing up a storm without it being censored for his channel, lmao
Man if he had to read Endymion Mighty Master of Magic that would have been funny as hell
Professor: I think the card is good… no wait, it’s bad!   *its good*   Professor: I WAS RIGHT!
Dude? Mind your own business, Magic is not the best TCG 😂 neither. I don’t even play it, I just collect the best profitable cards, grade then and that’s it.
Wow, would’ve been so much better with the face cams. 🫤😩🙃
I always tell people if you’re gunna play magic read the cards like a lawyer cause if that card says “must” YOU MUST
I like the idea of switching terminologies for a video.
Mystic Mine makes me want to play Yu-Gi-Oh again just to play that card.
I'm glad we still got this video regardless of angle.
“Please don’t be a lot of text”   Me everytime I play against someone else with a fucking thesis for a deck
"Everyone talking over each other" on the subtitles, lol
This is awesome, I would love to see more MTG and YuGiOh crossover content, seeing how games like this are similar and different and how it is often subtle is amazing
I can't believe reading Yugioh cards made the professor swear
This was delightful, thank you :)
Friendly reminder that old Yugioh text was *A LOT WORSE* than it is now. For example:  "Select 1 Monster Card from either your opponent's or your own Graveyard and place it on the field under your control in Attack or Defense Position (face-up). This is considered a Special Summon."  For comparison's sake, this is Monster Reborn's current errata:  "Target 1 Monster in either GY; Special Summon it."
The professor sounds like Lanipator and one of the Yu Gi oh guys sounds like KaiserNeko, trippy. Also something I could see them doing.
I wonder if people think to MST Mystic Mine or not.
this man will flip out on pendulum cards
Dude's descent into madness was in full force when he turned over Winged Dragon of Ra
Mystic Mine would be like stopping players from dribbling in Basketball. Someone who hates Yu-Gi-Oh made that card lol
Magic has a lot more mystic mine effect, the different is every format in magic has a way to do with that or Wizard just ban it.
Yugioh not being dead with such shit graphic design should be motivation to you all that anything is possible.
As a Magic player (little bit in junior high, mostly been heavily into it since Scars block) that played Yugioh from Legend of Blue Eyes until Invasion of Chaos-ish and got back in as an adult and played plant synchro until they brought in Xyz, I've loved seeing the crossover stuff between you guys and the professor. I'm not a fan of whay the game became, but I have my nostalgia for it and love seeing how different player bases look at stuff from other games.
Mystic Mine: It's Ensnaring Bridge on meth.
Can't wait to see Tolarian in a yugioh duel! I'd be soo down to watch that
I got here because of Prof's channel, so I'm not a Yu-Gi-Oh player, and I know I don't have all the baseline terminology down... but even then, jeez those cards are confusing. It doesn't even appear to confusing strictly because of the complex mechanics. At least from the outside they seem like they are like 50% needlessly complex because of the verbiage and 50% complex from the actual mechanics of the cards.
I just always wonder why in MTG why they call it "strength" and "toughness", instead of "attack and defense"
10:19 I'll Try  "Ra, Sphere Mode" Gray/0 Creature - Divine Beast. 0/1 Defender, Hexproof When Ra, Sphere Mode is put into play: select exactly three Creatures Target Player controls: that Player sacrifices those Creatures, then gains control of Ra, Sphere Mode. If the player cannot sacrifice three creatures, Destroy Ra, Sphere Mode. At the end of the next turn, Control of Ra, Sphere Mode shifts to its owner. Sacrifice Ra, Sphere Mode: Search your deck for a card named "The Winged Dragon of Ra" and put it into play. Its Power and Toughness become 10/10 and it gains Haste.
Pot of Prosperity roughly translated into mtg terms: exile 3 or 6 cards from your extra deck, scry X where X is the number of cards exiled by Pot of Prosperity. (???)
Watched the other vid of yall rating MTG cards and that was great! Now I am watching the Professor get frustrated by the amount of text on cards 🤣🤣🤣
i gave up on this card game, just wasnt fun anymore, i prefer to sit down and enjoy interactions with friends for a while instead of watching someone play for 20 minutes turn 1 before i have to reshuffle for next game cause i didnt get a turn, ill stick to magic and pokemon... ahhh pokemon, the game that people dont play... those poor cards
Wait. He got Mystic Mine correct. Why the negative buzzer saying wrong? It is powerful card enough to influence shops to ban.
magic is way better.
Pot of Prosperity: Think Scry.
I think I managed to get 5 or 6 of them right! For context: I'm a magic player who doesn't know how to play Yu-Gi-Oh in the slightest, I only know that the games only go for a couple of turns, so I figured combo pieces, things that break their combos and things that dig through the deck cheaply are probably good for a game that quick (and as per Magic, cards that are big but don't do anything are probably bad).
You should show prof some old and/or truly incomprehensible cards. Stuff like Kaiser Colosseum, Curse of Fiend etc.   It would serve as a good jumping off point for why PSCT and the extreme specificity of modern cards exists
"And this one's evil" I love how the video cut right when he said that
Loved the moment:  1) Is the Winged Dragon of Ra a good card?  2) no  3) No?! Then this is stupid 🤣
The Pot card in magic terms was using the extra deck as the resource in order to scry that many cards.
I can't believe they didn't present my boy Dark Artist - the most absolutely busted card in Yugioh
Played YGO as a kid, now a magic player. So YouTube brought me here for the Prof, bringing guest lecturer at a staff meeting energy
Even as a kid watching the anime, Blue-Eyes Ultimate dragon didn't seem worth it to me. Almost nothing anyone ever played could match one Blu-Eyes, so if you had three, why would you combine them into one, loosing two powerful monsters with a total of 6000 attack combined but only gaining 1500 attack on the fusion monster. Still, back in the day when not every single card had a full novel written out on it it would have been harder to deal with something like that, even if there were answers back then as well.
I never played Yu-Gi-Oh but I am in love with Mystic Mine.
Language professor
Mine to one
I have not played yugioh since high school and that was like 15 years ago. Just recently started playing duel links and every card is a novel. I hate reading the cards and trying to understand what is going on. I feel the professors pain.
8:40 “Blah blah blah blah blah, if you do all this dumb sh*t” is one of my favorite explanations of a card cost ever XD
Now to send him to a local tournament where he can use a Mystic Mine/Red Eyes Dark Dragoon deck. 🤣 That's the next video you guys need to do.
Never heard the Prof. swear this much 😮
@tolariancommunitycollege should have you guys play a game of EDH on Shuffle Up and Play
I'm not used to the professor cursing it's kinda funny
My deck contains 3 times mst, 3 times dust turnado, 2 times magic jammer, heavy storm, breaker the magic worrier and gandora dragon of destruction. That's 11 ways to blast mystic mine into nowhere, one even bannishing it. That is a definite no to any permanent or field spell/trap!
This one is evil. I haven't played YuGiOh after xyz and never seen that card and I agree 100%
as a casual player who has decks that often brick mystic mine doesn't sound that bad.
In the Professor's defense, Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon might have seen more play if it actually came out earlier in the TCG's history.
Prof and I have the same mind about mystic mine
Yu Gi OH, where reading the card doesn't explain the card
Mystic Mine is Stasis
Hearing prof cuss is funny to me
Like stasis in MTG.  Played a commander game where that dropped.  He then took 12 turns to kill us, hitting us with counterspells whenever we managed to do anything.  Yeah, stasis can be horrible and unfun.
I would watch the hell out of a 'write YuGiOh cards as Magic Cards' video.
The issue with Yugioh cards being so wordy is that they don't use many keywords. It would help them a lot if they adopted keywords to help save on space.
Are there any yugioh based/inspired mtg cards? Or vice versa
Magic player here. I’ve never played yugioh but always have greatly appreciated the art in the cards, honestly more than magic cards. There’s just something about them that are so sweet. But I just don’t think I could get into it given how poorly worded the cards are at describing how the cards work
Basically, pot of prosperity is an ancient stirrings with actual costs
I feel like the Professor would really like rush duels. pretty much every issue he has with base yugioh is resolved there.
I'd drop a sub if we get some games with professor playing tier'd deck against one or all of team aps
The reason for the "needlessly" long effects is so that it'll be played as written. The rulings are more or less written in the cards.
Im curious are the Japanese more legible and the translations are just weird, or is the game just have confusing overall? I’m a magic player btw
Hard disagree on prosperity being “meh”
Great video boiz
You guys should certainly do the video of translating complex yugioh cards into mtg cards with keywords.
Man, Konami... Even Pokemon TCG's Great Ball card did it better than Pot Of Prosperity.
Since prof doesn't curse on his channel it's nice to hear it here, helps remind me that he is indeed an English teacher
You bullied him with link summons didn't you lol
Sorry yo say but this isn't Yugioh anymore,they just try to be magic at this point. i prefer the original Yugioh when the rules and summons were logical instead of these link cyberse nonsense.
From the Magic lands so bear with me here:   If I'm not mistaken, in magic terms, Pot of Prosperity is basically "Exile either the top 3 or top 6 cards of your library, then look at the top X cards of your library, where X is the number of cards exiled with Pot of Prosperity. Put one card into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your library in any order"?
yu gi oh is lot of crap,lol,those wording is crazy shit
It is cool to see prof suaring. He is quite a prude in his channel
I've played Yu Gi Oh, both when it came out and on various GBA/PSP games.  I have no clue what half of the cards do when I read them.  However content like this is always great and I love to see both sides from a game I play a lot (MTG) and the game that I'm a boomer in.  Speed Duels is where it's at.  Jinzo, Toons and all that stuff is a ton of fun when playing against my kids.
So Mystic Mine is Stasis or Humiliy of Yugioh.
I don't play YGO and I've only seen some videos from this channel, but I loved this crossover. All the videos were great and I hope to see more! Would love it if you played a game of YGO and one of MtG! Commander maybe?
Ahah, my reaction to mystic mine was like "okay so this is yu-gi-oh's Statis, right?" and then the combo of comments oh "it's good but it's very toxic" "oh so it's statis", on point.
“Translating” the cards is a super cool idea. Like if you told the prof that Extav lets you “scry 6, draw 1” in a game with 40 card decks, he’d be nailing it. Or telling him that Sphere mode has “your opponent sacrifices 3 monsters” as it’s cost.  Ygo cards are pretty wordy tho, and I wish effects were numbered like they are in the OCG
I love that through all the bs that WotC has put us through with Magic the Gathering, Yu-Gi-Oh is the game that makes the Professor drop the F bomb with almost every card he reads 🤣🤣🤣
I think part of the reason that Yu-Gi-Oh cards effects are often so complicated and wordy might be a translation issue. I guess actually it's more an issue of trying to avoid mistranslating card effects, otherwise you might have mis-matched rules interactions, and that could be a problem. Then again I've never had to read a Japanese card and compare its text to the English version, so I don't really know if it would make a difference.
We always called Solemn Judgment; “God says No.”
The Professor's idea to make Magic versions of YGO cards made my inner custom MtG card nerd all giddy and couldn't help have a go at Pot of Prosperity:  *Exile X cards from the top of your Extra Deck, where X must be either 3 or 6. Look at the top X cards of your library. Put one on your hand and put the rest on the bottom of your library in any order.* *Until end of turn, damage taken by any opponent is halved rounded down, and you can't draw cards or cast cards named "Pot of Prosperity".*  Reordered the effects a bit to have all 3 "until end of turn" effects could be together and save more words.  This would be a Sorcery for probably 1U or maybe even just U, as there are many cards that do similar things to search for creatures or lands for around 1G~2G; this does let you pick any card without type restriction, but the downside is crazy. If we're feeling spicy this could be {U/P} (Phyrexian blue mana), and still probably a horrible unusable card lmao  If I were to tackle the whole Set mechanic, I'd make up a keyword like "Divine" that would allow me to cast a nonpermanent spell face down as a colorless enchantment for 3, then turn it face up for its mana cost (or an alternate cost) at any time I could cast the face-down card (using Morph would have too many problems).
So, Mystic Mine was introduced to the game a little while after I stopped playing😅 why don’t you MST it or Twin Twisters it or something?
I gotta say, yugioh could really take a note out of magic's page and use some key words to shorten up the text lol
I feel bad for Tolarian guy, TEAM APES has no idea what theyre doing in the world of yugioh, theyre flat bad and have no sense about how good cards are or can be. HAVE YOU SEEN THEIR STARTER DECK VIDEOS? THEY MATCHED OLD KAIBA DECK VS A NEWER JOEY DECK! NONSENSICAL IDIOTS.
Oh wow! Y’all are at 500k subs! I haven’t been watching yugioh content since switching to MtG a while back. I was so happy to see y’all again! It was like seeing an old friend after a long time. ❤ I was the person who won you BOSH booster box years ago! I packed out a Solemn Strike from that box and have never forgotten about it or y’all! I hope you’re all doing great!
RIP Kazuki...
“It’s very toxic”  “It brings the game to a standstill”  “You don’t get to do anything” So mystic mine is stax. Oh god stax is everywhere.
As a current magic player who played yugioh wayyyy back when this made no sense to me AT ALL 😂
Omg is prof cussing!?!?
Yugioh has this bad history of cards being worded in ways that it got abused later down the line, so now they make everything specific in wordy ways to slow it down.
mtg player here. i would build a deck around Mystic Mine 100%
The thing about reading cards in Yugioh is that you sorta get a sense for it. Because despite lacking keywords, the wording used is often the same, so there is plenty of text where you can like.. Read in between, Like "Trigger, Effect, Resolution". This also means more variety in what they can mean because text of course can be different, but then you just have a proper read through. It's not as annoying once you get used to it.
I never understood the hate for Mystic Mine. People have been wanting YuGiOh to feel like old YuGiOh again, and when cards like these are introduced to help that, the community complains.   I mean, how is this less grindy and boring than watching someone do a 5-minute combo, and then end up with a board of full negates?  I myself enjoy watching Synchro Spam/Toolbox (and only Synchros), but even I understand that this shit takes way too long. That's why in Master Duel, when it was new, I built an Eldlich Deck as an F2P player because I could not afford Synchro Spam and my device is too weak/slow to be able to consistently do combos (it crashes the game). I fucking love how it slows the game down and infuriates the meta sheep.  Nowadays I run a burn deck. Its not as toxic as the DD Dynamite bot decks a while back, but its fun cause I get to play the game at my own pace without worrying too much about my opponent's combos.   I was sad when Mystic Mine was banned in MD, especially since I got a ahiny glowy copy of it lmao.    TLDR: Mystic Mine is fine, its what the fanbase "wanted". It lets people play the game at their own pace. Its just as toxic as the rest of the meta decks because yugioh nowadays, let's be honest with ourselves, is about not letting your opponent play.   P.S. I blame Stardust Dragon for the current state of YuGiOh, despite the fact that it's my favorite card.
Maybe get someone that hasn't played ygo for years. It would be interesting to have a different style of player react to modern ygo.
After being into yugioh for so many years, I'm glad I got into magic, it is a lot more clear and concise.
Why do people think this guy's the expert or professor of yugioh?
Mysitc Mine must stay!
“The cards are working against you”, and that is by design and necessity. Need I remind anyone about hand loops and non once-per-turn effects for a time?
Yu-Gi-Oh is like every card is Ice Cauldron.
Do another one. This was great
God bless YuGiOh players. You should all get your eye exams paid for by the government.   This stuff is great, keep it coming.
"Pay half your LP. What's LP." Ah, I remember when it said Life Points.
Definitely do a video where you guys try to translate yugioh effects into magic terms. That would be fun
Prof locked in the rating before he even got to dragoon’s perma atk boost. Great video, we need to see more of this.
hearing him swear is so weird
Seeing a Magic player so shocked at the amount of text really reaffirms this game is for lawyers.
even magic players know mystic mine is evil
The professor is awesome!!!!!
Mystic mine is great btw. Control. FTW.
Only reading Yu Gi Oh cards can make the Professor cuss like a sailor.
This is one of the funniest videos I've seen on your channel, and yup, these yugio cards are definitely written by ESL or something because they're insanely wordy for very basics effects. That 2nd or 3rd card was like an instant speed jesters cap or something... exile your hand, draw that many cards plus 1, and put the exiled cards back into the deck on the bottom... but their version was like 400 words.
hearing his genuine reaction to the text amount is great.
Mystic Mine reminds me a lot of Ensnaring bridge, but on steroids
MTG players: Damn, look at this huge unnecessary word salad on Questing Beast. Too many abilities.  Yugioh player: ...ahem...
I love Solemn Judgement! The ultimate SAVE MY ASS card. When your opponent says, "it will take a miracle to (insert phrase)" this is that miracle. Love that card.
Back when I played my friends and I  had our own little saying whenever someone flipped Solemn Judgment. "God says no"
I like how the Professor literally described the exact playstyle of Sky Striker in his thoughts about Mine
Mystic mine is like a yugioh version of ensaring bridge!!!!! I hate it
As a magic player watching this, I’m honestly amazed at all these Yugioh cards with an entire novel printed in size 6 font. It’s not like the effects they do are that complicated, it’s just that they are written like you put a legal proceeding through 10 layers of google translate.
I really love these collabs man
The first time I saw the professor he was drunk and decked in Posty's ice, talking the maddest shits
For me, Mystic Mine isn’t a big problem if your not running GY destruction effects
You guys should duel with decks consisting on only banned cards
Hearing the Prof cussing is actually a treat lmao
>How do you read these? >You don't
I've wanted the Professor to look at Yugioh cards for SO long. He could rewrite them very well. I might actually play more Yugioh if i could read the cards... and the games weren't so tilted from turn 1.
Wait until he finds out about Rush Duel.
why doesnt the blue eyes ultimate dragon have code numbers in the bottom left?
Tbf, most of those cards are really hard to read for someone who is not involved in YGO, mostly because of the huge amount of text. There are a few staples that are a little better to understand.
I'm surprised he didnt relate pot of prosperity to scrying.
The professor kind of looks like a cross between Jeff Daniels and Jeff Ross
I think talking about PSCT would have been a good idea. At least touching on it because that would at least give a reason why the cards are written the way they are. Once you understand PSCT the cards are SO MUCH easier to understand and read.
Tbf WDoR is good when it is summoned out with sphere mode and paired with phoenix mode.
Ok so while I haven't played in quite a few years I'm a long time MTG player who also has never played the TCG version of yugioh. I agree much with the profs views on the cards, small hard to understand text is bad. I do get not all cards are like that and it was more the guys having a go at the prof (I would do the same) but confusing cards are bad even to regular players as disagreements can happen over what the card says. I also do think many of those cards have too much happening which can lead to confusion and the need of the small text. To be clear i'm not a great player but I love making decks around mechanics/themes.
Should have showed him Endymion, my friends used to call that card "the bible"
Pot of prosperity is just scrying. To bad they weren’t able to explain it that way
I kinda wish you explained that the reason ra sphere mode exists is because in the show mai couldn't read the card
He's very smart, if he was a Yugioh player with time he definitely be meta player
No Endymion... dissapointed :( atleast give him the last hit with the most text
LMAOOOO I LOVE THIS
Would be nice to have monster level numbers on the card instead of counting up the stars would make it much easier to look at
I can understand the desire for clearer text but I wish you guys had gone a bit into the importance of key words and psct. I can't imagine trying to play yugioh with generalized text and having to rely on memorizing an infinite number of interactions and rulings rather than just having it printed on the card.
His realization on the last card was similar to mine, spot on.  Such a toxic card to deal with I can imagine as a magic player.
Yugi players: could you explain a magic player what the hell is a link effect? How do you play that? Is that like a triple aura?
Loved this!
Yugioh players need a thesaurus and a magnifying glass to read cards. How many of you wear glasses.
"There are easier more straight-forward ways to convey what's happening." - all of Yu-Gi-Oh described in one sentence.
Super awesome episode! As a MTG player that just like casually dabbles in yugi it was sooo cool seeing the Professor's take on it and hearing him say a lotta stuff I've always thought. Like lol, there is too much text! The should make the text bigger when they got space! But yeah super fun vid! And I LOVE Mystic Mine...but admittedly I like it cause I just ain't really into playing yugioh and would rather my opponent not get to play while I Draw Of Fate into the last Exodia pieces I need! Lol, Exodia being the only yugioh deck I have. MYSTIC MINE AT 3 FOREVER!!!!
Did he not describe sky striker though on mystic mine
to be fair, isnt the main point of ultimate blue eyes to get it out and defuse it into three blue eyes?
To make it up to the professor you guys should read some MTG cards or have him ref a 4-man game of commander between you guys 😂
Love these collabs with the professor! I would love to see a yu-gi-oh match AND a MTG match between you guys on the channel.
I would love a video of Yu-Gi-Oh cards rewriten as Magic cards!
the hook on the "Yu-gi-oh Cards Rewritten as Magic Cards" would be the Yu-gi-oh players trying to guess what the card is based on the magic version. You can work out power/toughness based on total life points, like if you have 10,000 life in Yu-gi-oh and a card that does 1000 damage with 1000 hp, that'd be a Magic 2/2. That'd be fun do that.
Iona, Shield of Emeria is the landlord of Mystic Mine
Bg music is kinda loud
Yugioh really needs key words
Hearing the Professor swear legitimately feels like I met a teacher as an adult and heard them swear for the first time
Me, a Magic player: Magic is a difficult and complex game that requires mental fortitude to succeed at. Me, a Magic player now having seen the text on a Yu-gi-oh card: I will go back to my children's card game without shame, but in silence.  I promise you if I am at my FLGS and I ever see anyone playing Yugioh again, I'm gonna stop and tell them they should be fighter pilots with eyesight like that. They're gonna be confused as hell but it's a compliment, yo!
I do not agree with the Yu-gi-oh players on some of these cards..
I really enjoy the collabs ya'll been doing with Tutor. They are the best
Lmaooo I loved how y'all got Prof swearing so much
Congrats on 500k subs!
I would LOVE to see magic cards for yu gi oh or vice versa!
Amazing video!!
I'm surprised you didn't show the professor Endymion master of magicians
"Fill in the [text] box" Me: "Careful what you wish for"
This makes me realize you basically need a magnifying glass to play yu-gi-oh these days IRL.
The professor said something about a duel you had 👀 have you recorded that too somewhere? I’d love to see him play yu gi oh or you mtg
All of these cards will fall to a Burn deck featuring lava golem. Or a control burn deck featuring kuribo and lava golem
He got mine right god damn
Jeff Ross is into yugioh now times are changing
MYSTIC MINE IS STATSIS ❤
These are the type of ppl OnlyFans caters too.
congrats on hitting trending my dudes!
I'd love to see the prof re-word Yu-Gi-Oh cards ! Get him to start with Endymion the mighty master of magic !
I love the flash back to your channel. I was a fan of yours for a long time, but I stopped playing yugioh so I unsubbed. However, since you've been dipping with mtg peeps it gave me a lot of nostalgia for your channel! Have my subscription back because y'all still deserve it! Love these kinds of vids.
I love this video format! Thanks for this really enjoyable. Can't seeing more of Professor and Team APS!
I love this video format! Thanks for this really enjoyable. Can't seeing more of Professor and Team APS!
Im playing(up to date) both, with YGO being my 1st TCG and MTG as 2nd. I agree with Prof that when it comes to text, that there's a way to simplify it.
I don't suppose that game you played got recorded.
Honestly, English Yu-Gi-Oh cards are so horribly worded compared to that of Japanese OCG texts. They definitely need a more economic way of shrinking down terms or card names
Oh, that would be an amazing concept for a video wherein you rewrite Yu-Gi-Oh cards - properly sized to standard so that the text can be larger in the first place - using more straightforward language and keywords as in Magic. 7:33  It was wonderful to see the other side of this conversation and collaboration.
It was a surprise that the Professor swore quite a bit in response....but it was a lot of text 😅
Another wonderful crossover 😊 It's fun to see the great minds, based from the other game, figure each card out. Nice going.
Mystic Mine is like a whole Staxx deck in a single card.
Can Konomi hire the Professor. Numbers instead of stars, larger card text, Cards that get to the point in fewer words. Wonder what he woulda thought about Inspector Boarder.
Does anyone know how the background song is called that starts playing at 3:00? It is such a nice YouTube Vibeish Track.
YGO meta is MtG modern but everyone plays combo/control.
Please put more effort in your videos, 20 minutes with Profs hands and cards, come on!
Without knowing anything about decks that use mystic mine he described mystic mine skystriker instantly.
Kinda wish you would have shown the prof "Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic" Because a) Magic and b) the amount of text on him kinda is a meme
Ass blossom is a card that takes no skill and is bullshit sorry not sorry but that card is seriously stupid broken. Everyone uses it and honestly just no it's what has ruined Yu-Gi-Oh in all honesty all these newer cards are really just hurting the game and turning it into a one-sided game. Like not everything but let's be honest sword soul bs, prank kids bs, eldick bs, and so much more it's not even funny like this has gotten ridiculous.
yugioh is not fun to play
The Professor: "Yea, I think Dig Through Time is a meh card"
Mystic mine is not a issue, people just arent playing twin twister/MST as much anymore
This game should simplify common effects into keywords so that way it is immediately obvious what the card does.
the prof. flipping mystic mine and saying 'Oh its mystic mine" needs to be clipped, archived & memeifyed!!
I think this is the first time I've ever heard the Professor swear. I was expecting more, not sure why.
Solemn judgement aka old man says NO!
I think Brian psyched himself out on some easy ones here.  BEUD: Magic players know that vanilla creatures are almost always bad.  Ra - Sphere Mode: Magic players know that destroying 3 of the opponents cards with only using one card from the hand is very good.
Mystic mine is good
Mystic Mine dies to MST. What has deckbuilding become that people don't run Spell and Trap removal these days?
you really should have taught him PSCT before going into this.
This was absolutely beautiful and lovely to see and find out about all these YGO cards!
Only bad players hate Mystic Mine. Mines an honest card. yugioh already is solitaire, mystic mine brings the game to a fair solitaire game state.
Played magic for 15+ yrs,never played yugi but damn i love these vids
Yes, rewrite these cards! XD
LOL Mystic Mine very good but very broke like any OP blue card is what I'm understanding as an MTG player (first TCG was Yugioh 1st set).
You should of showed him those Pengelum cards like Master of Endymion
Should’ve given him Endymion
Unfortunately the time for rewriting Yu-gi-oh's rules to accommodate actual keywords was over probably 20 years ago. We're stuck with 'does what it says on the tin, unless Konami says so'.
I think Yu-gi-oh really should try to switch to using keywords more often. There are a few that exist, like in this video there's Excavate. Piercing is another example (Yu-gi-oh's version of trample basically). If they just had like 100 keywords that players can learn like in MTG instead of a wall of text every time, Yu-gi-oh's barrier to entry would start crumbling down. For example, here's Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon written in MTG terms:  Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon Spellcaster/Fusion/Effect  "Dark Magician" + "Red-Eyes Black Dragon" or 1 Dragon Effect Monster - Indestructible. Shroud.  - Sorcery: You can destroy 1 monster your opponent controls, and if you do, inflict damage to your opponent equal to that monster's original ATK. You can use this effect a number of times per turn up to the number of Normal Monsters used as Fusion Material for this card. Instant: Once per turn, when a card or effect is activated: You can discard 1 card; negate the activation, and if you do, destroy that card, and if you do that, this card gains 1000 ATK.   This has 1 more line for the break of the first keywords, but it also has about 55 less characters and uses terms that can be referenced. So this would be instantly much more recognizable and understandable. You can also increase the font size by 1 probably. People know what being Indestructible means. You even bypass Indestructibility the same way in both games. You just exile (banish) the card instead. No destruction, just pure removal.   People likely wouldn't know what Shroud means, but they would know that it's a special word they can look up. Sorcery in MTG is something that must occur during the main phase pretty much, and instant is the MTG version of quick effects plain and simple. Although higher spell speeds could be something like Flash (slightly faster than Instant) or Split Second (can't activate anything in response).
Turning yugioh cards into playable MTG card sounds like a good idea.
oh my god the professor swears!
Never heard the professor cuss so much
also mystic mine is just an oath of druids deck
i love how this made made the professor swear
Love when people who play normal card games react to Yugioh cards
The take of "Damn, Yugioh would be a lot more fun if the cards themselves would actually let you have fun" is the most brilliant, cutting criticism of the Yugioh TCG I've ever heard.
I stopped playing yugioh as my sight got worse and I could no longer read the cards.
I'm glad yall decided to upload despite the lost footage, this is hilarious. Im a magic the gathering player who hasn't touched Yu-Gi-Oh for almost 20 years (and I forget almost everything about it) so I tried to guess along with the professor but he scored better than me. At least I knew blue eyes ultimate was bad though!
*reads Mystic mine “this is stupid” YES
Of course the professor knows Mystic Mine being good, it is a textbook annoying stax card.
In my my soul I deeply relate to the first 12 seconds of this video
Pretty interesting concept
I love mystic mine just because people get unreasonably mad at it
Almost 500k!!!
The simplest way I can think of to explain pot of prosperity in mtg is this Exile either 3 or 6 cards facedown, then for the rest of the turn any damaged to opponent is halved, then scry either 3 or 6 cards based on how many cards were exiled by this effect and add 1 card of those to your hand and place rest on bottom of deck in any order, you can't draw cards by effect during the turn you use this card.
... "and this one's evil" *points at Mystic Mine* xD
Shout out to my man The Prof for the completely based and accurate take of Mystic Mine. Even folks with minimal knowledge of Yugioh can tell that Mine is stupid. Hopefully Konami US will get the memo…
One thing I think a lot of people who don't play yugioh get wrong is that the actual words aren't really that bad - rewording the cards won't actually improve much, because they've already been pretty heavily condensed. The problem is the complete lack of spacing and formatting - I'm still salty they never added the ability numbers the JP cards use.
I hear you Prof! I'm a magic player and I'm not interested in switching to Yu-Gi-Oh because those cards are way too damn small! And the art is boring and samey compared to Magic.
I imagine yugioh players wouldn't be very fond of going against a monored bloodmoon + chalice of the void + ensnaring bridge
Holy nerds
An example of a good board wipe card with a non-massive cost is Mirror Force, and it's counterpart Radiant Mirror Force basically these are two trap-cards that you activate when an opponent attacks you with a monster in Attack Position although Radiant Mirror Force states an opponent has to have 3 or more monsters in Attack Position on the field along with an attack being declared for it to activate.  Anyway once Mirror Force and/or Radiant Mirror Force activates every monster in Attack Position gets destroyed meaning if your opponent has a board filled with nothing but monsters in Attack Position you can easily clear their entire board with ease the only way you can lessen the effect or counter Mirror Force/Radiant Mirror Force's effect if it activates is via one of these ways have at least one monster in defense position, have a effect monster on the feud immune to the effects of trap cards, activate a card that negates the effect of trap cards and destroys them, play a spell card that destroys trap cards before they can be activated, or activate the effect of a effect monster, trap card, or spell card that negates and destroys cards with destruction effects.
I didn't expect the career change from Prof, but I think he'll make a great novelist 😁
I haven’t played Yugioh since 2003 and I could still tell Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon was a good card.
God, I would LOVE a Magic version of Yugioh cards. Can I subscribe to a patreon of just that?
The Prof swore!!! Wow
Can anyone tell me if those TCC playmats are for sale anywhere?
Earing The Professor swear is utterly shocking: 10/10
AÀAAAAAHHHHHHH
Hearing Prof drop F-bombs is a surprise to be sure, but a welcome one
Lost your face cam footage? Good because reaction channels are shit. Ignore the fact that this is a professional MTG player reacting to Yugioh cards though. lol
When even the Professor struggles to pronounce the names of cards you know you've gone too far. Call the Yu-Gi-Oh people and tell them to tone it down on the names.
The mine card sounds like playing against control decks un magic so, yeah I hope they ban that
Me a master dual red-eyes player, cries when dragoon comes up 😭
As a Magic player I really enjoy your content.
It's so funny seeing the complaints on the texts and reading 😂 ygo has so much "technicalities" that they gotta try and make a card effect as clear as possible. And even then,  some cards are bound to get an errata
The professor even ends the video saying the real facts , he learned quick ! Mystic mine is evil. :P
Yeeees, i love seeing these colabs. this was cool to see, great vid all!
Konami actively avoids keywords.  Also, the complexity of Yugioh has required PSCT to be invented, which further complicates the way to write stuff down.
Prof: "it's like stasis" Me a MtG player who has nothing really to do with YGO and owns two playsets of stasis: *audible cackling*
Mystic mine, best card ever 🤣
I’m down for rewriting Yugioh to Magic or vice versa lol.
Do yall have the video of you teaching the Prof yugioh? I'd kill to see that.
I love these crossover videos! You got another prof fan to follow you here!
Video still came out good.
I need some content designed to teach my nooby adhd mtg playing ass how to understand yugioh strats lmao
When are yall playin commander with the prof?
In profs videos he always censors himself so hearing him drop uncensored f-bombs in this was kinda hilarious to me 😂
Ygo is written like legal documents because that’s what you have to do with no cost mechanic lol. It’s so hyper fast-paced that you have to play like your on trial for murder, cuz one piece of evidence (card) can seal your fate at any moment.
"please don't be a lot of text"  Man's looking a card with like no text lmao
cool colab, but can you do the same with weiss. lol
I would've laughed if he pulled out a magnifying glass 😂
Show him cyber dragon next time
shoulda showed him Endymion
Hearing the prof curse is....jarring...
One of the quickest ways to fix long text rules is to use keywords. "Tuner", "Excavate", "Special Summon". Yu-Gi-Oh! already has a few but man does it need way more.
The god egg has "ATK ?" and "DEF ?" but I didn't hear anything defining those values. How does it interact with anything that checks those values?
I'm really hoping you decide to follow up on that idea of translating MTG to YuGiOh and YuGiOh to MTG in card text. That'd be super fun!
For me the biggest problem in yugioh is the Lack of key words.
the only magic youtuber I watch and the team aps in the same video this is actually a great watch wish it had the face cams but better to release something fun to watch and listen to than keep it in the dark thanks! Also, mystic mine is a plague on this game >:(
"Here's the secret... you don't." Very real. Sad, but very real.
I’m dead. The ding the professor got for calling Mystic Mine stupid had me rolling.
Good work cards yugioh
Damn I wish he reacted to Inspector Boarder...
We really need to rule zero out Mystic mine because if Konami won't ban it then we will
next time have him guess pendulum card, he didnt saw big enough text
Should’ve introduced him to *Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic*
The reason why Mystic Mine was not banned for so long is simply because it only affects monster cards. Spells and traps can still destroy it or make Mystic Mine destroy itself. Additionally you can tribute away monster to make your numbers of monsters equal to the opponent's, making Mystic Mine destroy itself.   On paper, it's not so bad. This is not paper though. How is this such a problem? Most meta decks rely too much on their monsters' effects to do anything. Their decks are built for consistently winning the same way no matter what. This means that most of their cards are dedicated to just a handful of key cards in their deck. Like literally it's never less than a 1: 5+ ratio. And everyone knows this. Because of that crap, these decks have very little or next to no cards dedicated to card removal at all. So all the mystic mine player has to do is let their meta chasing opponent flood the field, cuz when don't they, then exhaust all possible threats to the activation the mystic mine before playing mystic mine, locking your opponent out of doing ANYTHING. Like what are they going to do? Use monster effects? They only got enough non-monster cards to get rid of Mystic Mine ONCE. Even if Mystic Mine is limited to 1 copy per deck, there's more than enough ways to get it back.   After exhausting all possible threats to Mystic Mine, the game is over. All the Mystic Mine player has to do is nothing. Just watch his opponent draw useless card after useless card until he decks out and lose the game.
I was just waiting for him,while saying "not too much text...", to flip over like Pendelum Endymion XD
Just hearing all these card effects makes me wish that Yu-Gi-Oh had a Legacy format, that played up to Yu-Gi-Oh GX or something. For the fans that don't want encyclopedic cards to slog through. Then I'd care about Yu-Gi-Oh again. No more Pendulum, XYZs, and Link summons. The game was better when it was simpler. I bet the Professor could easily play the OG Starter decks with little issue.
The mystic mine reaction is accurate 😂😂
10:07 Rarely do hear statements that resonate with me this well
Love you Proffesor, but you obviously don't understand that Yu-Gi-Oh LIVES on the Minutia lol But I'd love to watch a video on you breaking down YGO cards into MTG!
Kinda wish you guys wouldve showed him the yata-garasu/ chaos emperor dragon combo, the infamous 2 some that created the banlist.
As someone who's never played Yugioh, the last card, Mystic Mine, just had me think of Horakhti or whatever it's called from the anime, potentially allowing you to cheese tributing till you win unless the opponents gets to remove it, even if that card is a meme strategy
As someone who is definitely more of an MTG player but has played both, the text bloat and wording on Yugioh is horrid in comparison.
It's so fun hearing the Prof swearing like a sailor reading these novellas of gobbledygook xD I'd love to see a video of teaching him how to play Yu-Gi-Oh, specifically all of the special summoning mechanics (fusion, XYZ, link, pendulum, etc.)
Should have shown the original text of judgment
Ward of Bones, from Magic, got a somewat similar effect to Mystic Mine
Loved seeing this! X0D But so sorry you lost the face cam footage.
I don't think I've ever heard the professor curse like this haha
"How do you read this stuff?!" "Here's the secret... *you don't* "  That's the most honest, eldritch truth that has ever been spoken by a human.
I love seeing these team videos with the Proff and as a current MTG player and former OG YGO player I would love to see YGO cards written as Magic Cards and visa versa.
...and now I have an idea for a Mystic Mine Deck. 😈
WE WANT RARE HUNTERS!!!
This was a fun watch. I only have a very basic knowledge of early Yugioh thanks to the GBA games and it was fun trying to go along the Professor and guessing the cards. Translating Yugioh cards into Magic terms sounds like a good idea for a future video. Magic sometimes takes abilities that keep showing up like "Player puts the top card(s) of his/her library and puts them  in the graveyard (discard pile)". And then turns all that into a keyword that will replace all that text, in this case "Mill x". In that way they have been able to get away with a lot mechanics in one card. Does Yugioh do something like that at all?
If I may translate Ra ball to MtG:  As an additional cost to play this card, choose a player. That player sacrifice 3 creatures of his/her choice. Then play this spell under the chosen player's control. During the end phase of that player's turn, return this card to its owner's control.
I definitely feel the complaint about the oceans of text. For way too long I wondered why my blue-eyes abyss dragon only worked sometimes, and it turns out the most important condition for its use IS AT THE FREAKING BOTTOM OF THE CARD!
Konami: We don't want to use keywords in order to keep the game accesible to new and old players all alike.  Also Konami: *e x c a v a t e*
Great video, the professor is awesome you should get him on more
Nice video! I had to turn of subtitles because theyblocked me from reading the cards.
I laughed so hard when Prof. said "you can make the font bigger, c'mon fill in the box" 🤣 we know that won't happen with any that has a small text length
Prof with the potty mouth had me in tears looool
It's funny because the cards are slightly smaller than normal TCG cards too. These are referred to as "smaller Japanese cards", instead of Yu-Gi-Oh, despite Yu-Gi-Oh basically being in a class of it's own. The card sleeve companies hate Yu-Gi-Oh too!
Last one is good but flawed because you can't build a deck around one card like that because you won't get it everytime
Man, as a Magic Player trying to get into Yu-Gi-Oh, this was helpful for several reasons. But mostly because now I know Mystic Mine exists and I now know what I want to build around.
The proffesor should try playing Yugioh that would be so interesting
Dude as a magic player this is how I feel every time playing yugioh
Its easy to say "things could be written more concise" but the bigger problem is how many cards do the same thing conceptually but use slightly different PSCT. Effect Veiler and Imperm are the same effect but veiler feels the need to say "that face up monster".  The only way to fix yugiohs issues is through a whole PSCT reform and design choice to use unified language. But that will never happen.
Yu-GI-Oh really needs to find a way to shorten card texts.
You shoudl have gave him a pendulum card to read XD
10:12 He's mad at these cards. Lol, Konami should make their cards a little bit more user friendly, no?
Love this little series! Would love to see The Professor's video idea of rewriting Yu-Gi-Oh cards with Magic keywords
See wizards you did it the prof is playing ygo now (no suprise after the 30th aneversary monstrosity)
What is the point of profanity in a video about a children's card game?
If he liked Solemn Judgment for being simple, I wonder how he would react to Goat Format staples in general.
''This is stupid'' DING*
Mystic Mine is Evil.. this man gets Yugioh!
Yugioh seriously needs keywords to reduce card text
Next time show him Small World. I want to see what he thinks of it!
Magic version of yugioh cards is a great idea for a video.
reading a book's worth of paragraph and determine whether its good or not seems annoying to do.
I love This but I only ever played hearthstone
Yup, the Professor is right and I've been saying it for years: Yugioh could be simplified by simply adding in keywords instead of the whole paragraphs of text.
Literally the minute after he reads the card, Prof already knows how to design Mystic Mine Burn.   On the one hand, that's good, because it shows how low the barrier for entry is on at least one deck.  On the other, much larger hand, Mystic Mine is Evil.
Omg get these king to 500k already :D
such a great video! a collab I've been wanting ever since Paul was on that podcast a year ago. love this kind of stuff cuz I play both games
People always say Yugioh is a very complex game, but only a few understand it doesnt come frome the game mechanics but having to memories atleast 1.000 different cards with walls of text in order to do good. thx to having no set rotations
A video where the profesor rewrites yugioh text in a simpler and more concise way would be great. I think Yugioh card wording confuses complicated text with “adding conplexity” based on what the card does. Making a card difficult to understand is not the same as the card being complex in its mechanical functionality or the way it interacts.
Mystic Mine + Ojama Duo 😏😎 next turn banish Duo summon Blue and Pink.... Crash and get effs or summon Number 29 and give your opponent another monster and summon Earthbound Immortal Aslla Piscu... Y'all mystic mine players need to be more offensive and play the game... No one likes stalling.
This was super fun to watch, these "cross-game" collabs are great!
Actually, in some cases, I definitely have to agree with the Professor, when it comes to rephrasing the text of the cards. Too bad I've mostly given up on playing MTG (now, I only have a stack of MTG I'm about to get rid of, and two decks that are already long since format-expired).
I think the main reason why magic is more legible to us is that its very flexible with keywords. YGO is a japanese game so the mechanics to introduce keywords becomes harder.
im sure i can beat team aps with ultimate blue eye :')
This is sick I love both magic and Yugiyo
Remember Prof...reading the card explains the card 🤣 🤣
Lmfao!!! “And this ones evil.” 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭
All right first of all. The fact one of you guys said did you guys it doesn't have an effect means it's a sucky card shows that you really haven't played a lot of Yu-Gi-Oh...  Granted blue eyes ultimate Dragon is not that good. Because his alternative fusions are far superior. But the very fact that you say just cuz it doesn't have an effect means it's a bad card means you don't have much knowledge. Cards like skill drain and forbidden droplet laugh at you guys. There's plenty of more cards out there. But those two are the best examples. Let me guess you the same generation who thinks hand traps are the only good traps 😑  Edit /  Also the fact that you said Ash blossom is still controversial was laughable. You do know there's a lot of cards out there that can stop it? So it's not nearly as good as it used to be. Especially since some of its counters are quick play spell cards 😂 But of course everyone will deny this because you guys are the generation of her der hand traps best 😁 Who ever said that dragoon was the only good red eyes is not very bright... They've obviously never run or went up against a red eyes burn deck.  At least you guys got a few of the cards right if they're good or bad. So I'll give you guys that much at least.
0:06 Bro, I legit never heard The Professor swear before.
About the Mystic Mine thing that this man said about a Deck purely made of spells and traps, I think there was a Tournament in Brazil where a dude won and his Deck was precisely that. lol
Prof, I cant believe you didnt recognize that Pot is yugioh version of Ponder
I love these sort of video's. It's great to have an outside perspective of a game that we know and love. To hear the Professor talk about the card text and font, is a big thing. If Konami had a Data bank of nomenclature, it would simplify the game.
HI FARFA
Just play the out. Mystic mine has no protection. Play the fucking out. Jfc
So fun to hear the professor reacting to these cards with your guy's commentary. :)
Discard 3 or 6 Cards. Look at that many Cards from ur Libary. Put 1 of these in ur Hand rest on the bottom of ur Libary.
Ya'll should show him the text evolution of Monster Reborn.
At this point, this man should be an official member of Team APS.
"...this is stupid!" *Ding!*
As a mono red pillow fort almost staxs player that has played a lot of variants of it I proudly say that long ago when I played Yu-Gi-Oh I was the gravity bind/level limit player who was quite found of ground collapse type effect. I am in full support of mines as it has quite a lot of restrictions built into the card itself naturally.
My biggest gripe with yugioh has definitely been the amount of text and the wording of the text or lack there of. Like you'll have monster that says untargetable but your opponents monster effect is a non targeting effect and yet this isn't specified on the card or atleast not in a way that's easily readable or understood
One of the reasons for the roundabout and confusing ways that card effects are written is because they have to have conditionals and loop closing arguments to prevent players from abusing the effects and/or making infinite combo plays.  For example good effects MUST include "this effect of [insert full card name] can only be used once per turn." in order to fully explain part of the restrictions placed on the card. If it is not present, then players will find, and have found work arounds.
Yugioh players would sacrifce their first born child to get a searcher for their deck. Thats why the pot cards are so good most of the time
That's a great video idea! Magic versions of Yu-Gi-Oh cards!
In the future, everyone will play Mystic Mine milling and burning with Destiny Board and all monsters will be rendered useless
highlight of the episode: man reads a pot of greed card, and genuinely asks 'what does it do though' AND MEANT IT
As both a Magic and Yugioh player, I loved this collab :)
Professor mentioned stasis in magic. I was that guy that played blue control in magic. Blue player. I am also the Yugioh player that plays Banish. So yeah, lol.
Is it weird that i can pretty much see the Prof's facial expressions in my head because i have watched so much footage of him.
It makes me extremely happy to see my two favourite TCG channels collaborate this often!
That's actually a thing in yugioh rush duel 1:13
I wonder how his reaction to Pendulums will be 😂😂
You know it is a bit unfair to not explain what Fusion, Tuners and Link Creatures are when the prof explained what fukin flying and Trample are...
"You either love (Mystic Mine) or you hate it" More like either you don't deserve to call yourself human or you hate it
I'll never not hate reading "target nonland permanent"
This was fun.  Help me grow my channel . Just a small fry looking for help.
I love hearing the professor cuss 😂
+1 for redoing YGO cards with magic terminology.  You could have a whole series and I would binge that hardcore.
Dark Dragoon is mid. No one plays it
Many Magic The Gathering players ask the question; Why do Yugioh cards have so much damn text?   I’d also like to throw in that after playing a very considerable amount of commander, looking back through my Yugioh cards has left me shocked at how small a 40 card deck really is lmao
"How do you read these cards?" You just get used to it, that's it. After playing for a while you just read them normaly, the same as the other card games.  If you aren't used of how the game works nor how it is written, it's normal to not understand anything. When I started I could barely read the simplest of cards, now I can read really long stuff without much problem.
As a returning Yu-Gi-Oh player, this is always fun seeing a magic playe- errrr professor I mean reading and rating our cards that are 3 Bs and a Meh. The Bs being Broken, Bonkers and Bananas.
I bet part of the issues with wording is that it starts as Japanese, then turned English
This was a great video, though what you also could've done is make him guess if a card is banned or not
Very fun video, surprised you didn't show him Raigeki before you gave him the Link Monster, made it way more funny though. Would love the idea of yugioh cards translated to magic language and maybe a quiz game what card it was or something like that.
the guy on the thumbnail looks like Jeff roast most famously known for doing the comedy central roasts
As someone who dabbled in MTG, played YGO for about a year and mainly plays Digimon now, how everything was said is so valid about YGO. Every other card game has managed to work out individual words which convey an effect which is commonly used amongst cards that YGO needs 12 sentences to convey.
Yu-Gi-Oh Cards in Magic Language:  Pot of Prosperity: Sorcery You may only cast pot of prosperity if you have not drawn any cards this turn, except from your draw-step.  Exile exactly 3 or 6 cards of your choice from your sideboard. [Note: Got to keep the arbitrary cost arbitrary]  Look at the top X cards of your Library, where X is the number of cards exiled this way. Put one of those cards into your hand and the rest of the bottom of your deck in any order. After this card resolves, damage your opponent is halved this turn (rounded down)  You cannot draw cards the turn this card resolved.  You can only cast one "Pot of Prosperity" per turn.  ----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Ash: Instant Counter target spell or ability that would cause your opponent to search their library or to put card(s) from their libary into their graveyard.  You can only cast one "Ash" per turn.  (There is no such thing as "casting from the library" aside from that one worm from coldsnap, and that card is already a rules nightmare, so i'm not trying to include that 1 case here :D) -----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Winged Ra: Sphere Mode: Creature Instead of paying this card's casting cost, you may have your opponent sacrifice 3 creatures they control instead (You choose the creatures) When cast this way, Winged Ra: SM enters the battlefield under your opponents control.  Winged Ra: SM can't attack. Hexproof.  At the end of your opponents turn, take control of Winged Rah: SM  At the beginning of your upkeep, you may sacrifice Winged Rah: SM. If you do, search your library for a card named "Winged Dragon of Rah" and put it into play. It's power / toughness becomes 40/40. (Or 10/10, if you want to keep the theme of "hits for half of the original starting LP)  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Red Eyes Dark Dragoon: Creature Instead of casting this card's mana cost, you may exile [Material] from your side of the batttlefield instead. (Workaround for the fact that we dont have Fusion mechanics in magic)  Hexproof.  (0): Destroy a creature your opponent controls, and if you do, deal damage to it's controller equal to that creature's power. You can only activate this effect during your main phase and only X times per turn, where X is the number of creatures without abilities sacrificed to cast this card (0), Discard a card: Counter target spell or activated Ability and if you do, REDD gets +10/+0. You can only activate this ability once per turn.    -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Solemn Judgement: Instant  Counter target creature, instant, or sorcery spell.  You lose half your lifepoints (rounded down).  (There is no way to make the paying LP a cost, except for doing "As additional cost to cast this spell, pay half your life points", but that would be technically a different card, because it will ALWAYS cost half your life, even if it does not resolve)   ------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------- Mystic Mine:  Enchantment  As long as you control Mystic Mine, Creatures cannot attack, their activated abilities can't be activated  and creatures entering the battlefield do not cause abilities of creatures that player controls to trigger, unless their controller controls less creatures than each opponent.  At the beginning of each end step, if all players control the same amount of creatures, sacrifice mystic mine.  -------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------  Thoughts? Also: Feel free to add the World Chalice card, im not reading that sh!t xD
Tolarian Duelist Academy soon!
Think we need to show the Professor Rush Duels if he wants things easier and simple
As a Magic player who somewhat understands YGO PSCT, I instantly understood what made the Ra egg good. Prof just needs to think of it as forcing your opponent to sacrifice three creatures.
Would Mystic Mine be more acceptable if Field cards followed the "only 1 field card at a time between both players" rule, giving it a bit more removability? Or would that not matter as much, since a person running it is stalling and searching their deck, and likely to be able to pull out another Mine?
me: *sees mystic mine* "oh it's a delay card for control decks" prof: starts saying things like "they can't do anything" me: *realizes he's about to describe a lock deck*
hearing the prof swearing like a sailor really made my day
How to evaluate YGO cards easily: Can you play it turn 1 or 2? Does it win the game turn 2? If not then its trash.
This was so fun to watch as your last colab ♥️ .
I hope professor also made so content for his channel.
Funny thing about wordy cards is that more and more magic cards are becoming walls of text... At least we have a rule box that's three times the size.
Today he learned that Yu-Gi-Oh! cards do not do what they say...They do what they do and you have to have played and read the card 100 times to understand exactly how it's intended to be used.
Actually, due to the amount of info on the cards, I'm quite happy with the lack of face-cams and just using the single shot with multiple voices.  Either way, I'm really glad that you made both of these videos! :D
You need to let the Professor to try Goat Format or Edison
This is great! I want to see Team APS play Commander with the Prof!
Like Prof suggested, a video series idea would be to translate it to MtG and then the other way around, translate MtG to Yu-gi-Oh! with all the over explained wording
Us YGO players know why the card texts have to be so long, because of how complex the game's interactions and rulings actually are. PSCT is honestly pretty intuitive without knowing a ton of particulars about the game, and it's almost a complete ruling on its own in 99% of situations. For a game where the rules are just a framework of steps and then the rest of the rules are decided by what's written on the cards–for a game that's basically just an episode of JoJo's Bizarre Adventure–PSCT is awesome. I rarely fail to understand an interaction between cards nowadays (although sometimes I get stuff about the battle phase mixed up still.)
15:20 Prof immediatly jumped to the meme. nice.
As someone who got into MtG after spending a long time playing Yugioh, I really wish I could talk to the Prof and explain some of this stuff. The way that Yugioh uses cards as the key resource instead of having mana as an intermediary between the mana sources and the payoffs is really interesting, and it's led to a much more interactive meta, leading to a wild arms race in monster effects - something that's been happening in Magic too, but much more slowly.
TCG cards would be more readable if they followed the OCG structure with effects being numbered.
Choosing to end on "this one's evil" while the Professor gestures at Mystic Mine is editing perfection.
you guys were great at guessing the magic cards! learn commander and play with him on shuffle up and play ^^
Where the hell is Endyimion
Love how he already sounded disapponed when he saw Mystic Mine despite not knowing anything about it
After years of watching TCC and Team APS, I finally got to hear the Professor use de F word multiple times in a video. That alone made watching the video worth it hahaha
I'm pretty sure mystic mine is banned and  if not please banned it
Hearing Prof (an English Professor) curse at the way something is printed was golden. 🤣
Fun video as always, but seriously mine : the proof Konami does not listen his community and forgot how to design card game
Magic player trying my hand at this, background is I played YGO back in the first year or 2 it was out, and a bit of one of the DS games in the mid 00s.  Blue Eyes Ultimate: I think most fusion monsters are kinda bad automatically, but if you can cheat them out, 4500 ATK is pretty good. I was wrong.  Ash Blossom: Seems pretty good to counter combo pieces. I was right.  Pot of Prosperity: Seems good, cost is negligible if you build around it and opponent taking half damage doesn't seem like much of a downside if you can combo this turn, or you can wait it out. I was right.  World Gears: No idea what Link means lol, but having stuff with all different types and attributes doesn't seem that bad if you build around it, and board wipes and special summoning stuff is good. I was wrong.  Ra: Seems pretty good if you can tribute your opponents stuff and then you get the Ra anyway on the next turn. Not sure if regular Ra is good, but a God card has to be good, right? I was right but kinda for the wrong reason lol  Red Eyes Dark: Still think actual fusion is probably bad in general, but this seems really powerful if you can cheat it out, and you probably can so I think this is really good. I was right.  Solemn: I remember this being good, and I remember right.  Mystic Mine: This seems really good, you can just stall the game out until you have your combo or whatever. I was right.
An important thing to remember about the Profs opinion about being able to more clearly write out card effects, is that he is an English major XD
The problem he has is actually a needed thing.  YuGiOh has so many "micro situations" that the details matter. Magic doesn't have that. Chain links *each portion* have possible situations, miss timings etc and events that when happened while already in an event need to stop everything to resolve before it continues.  For example Prosperity. It could just say draw 1 banish 3 from the extra deck. But the small details matter.   The fact Pot of Greed (TODAY) is so broken like Larry said draw 2 for the 1 Pot you essentially discard is a guaranteed pop off simply due to how consistent decks are.  Half the text is simply draw backs to use what is essentially an Upstart Goblin. * Once per Turn (making multiple copies in hand a brick) *Half life point damage to the opponent (which prevents burn decks getting value at the same time) * Loss of 3 or 6 (of 15) Extra Deck cards for the remainder of the duel because the micro detail of banish face down matters (although usually not needed by the decks that run this other decks can still be used as a consistency card and the extra deck is essentially a part of your hand with "criteria" behind it so it's nearly 1/4 of your hand dumped) * Can't draw by ANY means for that turn (I believe even before the card is used which is quite rare as most effects say AFTER the card is used allowing you to do everything before and not suffer the down side) *5 of the remaining cards are at the bottom of the deck and will never see access without OTHER cards to get them.  All these costs to draw 1. However you being able to chose out of 6 (1/7 of your deck just from the start) a 1 card starter in decks that are insanely consistent already makes the costs borderline not enough. You have likely close to 80% odds of getting a single starter just from the hand opening. But this increases the odds so severely that if you didn't get what you need then it's on paper probably better than Pot Of Greed in a lot of maths based situations.   Upstart Goblin can be power crept by saying excavate 3 draw 1 and it would be it would be so much stronger than Pot Of Greed but the details NOT on the card are why.   That is why the text is so long.
This is the most wholesome video. 😁 Again, what an awesome collaboration, thank you so much for posting this guys. It's also hilariously accurate, how the professor mentions the card text can be summarized better. 😂
Not sure if it was already made, but the idea by The Professor of rewriting Yu-Gi-Oh cards with MTG terminology sounds interesting.
Rush Duel card images are far easier to read
Mystic Mine is making me want to pick up Yu Gi Oh again. So I can stop other people from playing Yu Gi Oh.
I love that the Professor started describing Sky Strikers when explaining the type of deck Mystic Mine should be in
I would love to see a video re-writting cards with terminology from other games
I just qant to know what Konami was thinking when they thought of mystic mine they just sat in the meeting room one day and was like " we have the perfect idea how we can piss off the community today "
The professor is a sweet soul.
I quit playing when synchros were introduced, but I should put the mine in my final countdown deck!
You should have showed the professor the Nirvana pendulum monster
Releasing this video was the right call, was very fun to watch.
I never reaized how much prof. swore. To be fair, I would be too if I had to deal with all this.
Hey now...Dragoon is not the only good Red-Eyes card.  Red-Eyes Insight is legit one of the best search cards in the game.
I’d love to see you guys play with decks The Professor makes. Maybe use theme decks as a base.
Dope dope dope!!!
I like that you honestly said Dragoon is a "good card" instead of going "uhhh actually it's not used in decks anymore because the materials are bricks and they banned the way to cheat it out, so this card is bad".
Prosperity pot is really bad
Isnt blue eyes ultimate dragon good? Something about it being the best vanilla monster to summon with a certain unrelated card?
That was dope seeing the whole APS team right there
Proffesor need to see how the Rush duel card are made to see the little improvements
I absolutely loved the fact he asked why there is so much text XD funniest thing I could've heard. Love this being a magic player and played this a bit as well.
Ooooo revenge time
Can you guys do Hearthstone cards?
I am glad you guys uploaded this!  Now I wonder if the Professor will bring you through Commander....
Honestly, the professor is correct. I haven't played yugioh really since 2012, and a LOT has changed since then. But I do loosely follow the news for the game still. I can tell you that even as a competitive player from 10 years ago, I'm largely lost now. I agree, the modern cards to be an essay in a card box and the players have to just deal with it. Heaven help you if you're new to the game. You have to sit for 5 minutes just reading every card your opponent plays.   I'm surprised they didn't show the professor a pendulum monster.   In MTG, I feel the hardest part of the game is understanding the stack when it gets complex. In YGO, the hardest part is simply reading the word soup on each card.
I would really love seeing more videos with the Professor. Maybe you could play a game of Commander with him?
When is Rare Hunter’s 4 coming out
Everyone's out here talking about Mystic Mine and totaly ignoring the amazing video idea of re-templating YGO cards.
So happy you decided to release this, very fun episode! :)
Magic's rules text templating system is a thing of beauty. You don't always realize that until you play other games and stuff starts getting weird and inconsistent.  Also Mystic Mine sounds like an even more annoying version of Ensnaring Bridge. And that's saying something.
My biggest surprise is The Professor swearing as much as he does
that pot is just exile 6 cards from your sideboard, scry 6?
Blue-Eyes Ultimate is actually not that bad. It's the strongest non-effect fusion monster that doesn't restrict you in how to summon it so it saw some competitive play as a target for Fist of the Unrivaled Tenyi or Waking the Dragon and there's plenty of support for vanillas and fusion so I'd say it's a meh card at worst. Also, the card was used alongside Cyberstein and Megamorph as an OTK in the OCG during the early days of the game. Sadly, we never got to use that strategy in the TCG because Ultimate wasn't released over here until after Stein was banned, iirc. Also, also: it was played in Nekroz as a level 12 target for Kaleidoscope.
Hoping for more collabs with the Prof in the future!
Still a shame the face footage got lost, great video nonetheless.
Would love to see you guys collaborate with tolarian collage where you guys do some magic and yugioh matches.
While I understand what Prof is saying about being clear and concise with the cards.... Something that does need to be stated is that the reason the cards are so convoluted is because wording is EXTREMELY important in Yugioh. Moreso than any other game. If you change a SINGLE word, like an "if" to a "when" it can completely change the viability of a card.  But yeah, I do agree that the convoluted text is a problem; aside from the fact that I don't like Link monsters, this is basically the reason I stopped playing Yugioh a long time ago. It's just kind of an unavoidable problem because of the way Yugioh has evolved over the years. If you simplify the words, you confuse a lot of how it can interact with other cards.
I’m loving the amount of cardgame community crossovers that’ve been happening recently  Edit: Of course you ended on mystic mine
I'll keep saying this. Mystic Mine isn't as good as people think. It can EASILY be removed from the field with all the backrow removal cards that exist. There is also so many cards that can just negate it when it's activated. I don't understand why everyone wants it banned.
YuGiOh is just such a brutally fast game. OTK is so common in Yugioh that it's insane, whereas OTK in Magic is basically unheard of, especially in certain formats such as Standard (though it does exist, including with the mythical 0-Turn Kill. Short version: You use some cards that let you generate mana before your opponent takes their first turn. You cheat out a creature called Protean Hulk and instantly kill it, allowing you to bring out four copies of a creature that make your opponent lose 1 life when one of your artifacts is destroyed, as well as 5 artifacts that die when they're cheated into play, instantly making your opponent lose 20 life and lose the game. A little more complicated than "Get extremely lucky with Exodia." Though the 0-Turn Kill deck is a giant meme. It's only possible to do in like one format, and if you don't pull it off, you just get completely bodied by any other deck).
This was absolutely hilarious, would love to see this become a series if possible. Also, I support the professor's idea of making a video out of trying to convert YGO cards into Magic effect formatting and/or simply cleaning up the effects. If that happens, I really want to see Dark World Snow get tackled, especially in the category of trying to simply reword it while still following YGO effect text rules. I have personally spent at least an hour attempting that, to limited success, card is a nightmare. On a related note, another idea could be having the professor simply look over "problem solving card text" as a concept lol, showing him some before and afters and seeing his reactions.
So, just because, this is my attempt of rewriting Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic as a MTG card.   It's a Blue, Legendary Enchantment Creature - Wizard Artificer, and needs 4blue3any (7 total), Mythic Rarity  I'm creating a new keyword first.  Keyword *Pendulum 8* (Rulings: You can choose to cast this card from your hand as either an Enchantment or a Creature. While in the hand, deck, graveyard, and in Exile it is treated as a Creature card. You can only control 2 Pendulum Enchantments at a time. If this card is sent anywhere from the battlefield, it is instead exiled face up. You may cast this card from Exile as a Creature card by Pendulum Casting. [And Pendulum Casting works just like YGO, cast any creatures from your hand with coverted mana cost in-between the numbers, only can do this once each turn, technically not paying mana so effects that are triggered by paying mana if/when cast don't activate, and is potentially broken as a M:TG mechanic])   So now for the written effects (all of the above is just in the one Keyword & #): You can only activate each ability once each turn, and only of the card type it currently is.[MTG has a different way once per turn effects happen] Enchantment - (Tap), Remove 6 Spell Counters: turn this Enchantment into a Creature, then destroy up to (X) cards, where (X) is the number of permanents you control that have a Spell Counter on them, then place (X) Spell Counters on this Creature.  Creature - (Tap) Negate target Sorcery or Instant by returning a permanent you control with (X) Spell Counters to your hand, where (X) is equal to or greater than the converted mana cost of that target. Then place (X) Spell Counters on this card.  While this Creature has a Spell Counter on it, it gains Hexproof.  If this Creature is destroyed by combat while it has a Spell Counter, search your Library for an Instant or Sorcery card and put it into your hand.   Power 7/Toughness 4 (I divided YGO Atk/Def by 400 for rough MtG numbers and it works pretty well for most YGO cards if they don't go above 4000)   So after all that, I only shaved 40-ish words off of Endymion. What do you all think of my MTG alterations to this infamously long worded card?
I must be toxic cause I love Mystic Mine and I’m not even a YuGiOh player. Though I used to love cards like Level Limit B. And in Magic, I use cards like Manabards, Sphere of Safety, Magus of the Tabernacle, Winter Orb, Ghostly Prison, Wars Toll, and Enduring Ideal. All infuriating cards to sit across from.
Haven’t played Yu-Gi-Oh since around 2006, but watched this video and it made me remember (probably incorrectly) a card and maybe you can help me track it down. I believe it was a trap, maybe just a spell, and that it had the effect of removing you and an opponent from the game. I remember using it in multiplayer to great effect, but there’s a chance it was an entirely different game or an effect I was reading super wrong back then. Any ideas what this strange memory card could be?
Cards are so bent 😢 what the ducks.
I love this cross over so much ❤️
10:12 Ahh: the premature flipping off of the card by the Professor lol. "World Gears" really got to him XD
Now upload the professor playing yugioh.
The mechanic of mystic mine reminds me of Winter Orb 😂 which causes stax which means it limits the options of a player
Why was Prosperity being "meh" correct?
Calling Sphere Mode good but initially thinking it was about getting Ra is the epitome of the "You used the wrong formula and got the correct answer" meme. Hope we see of these crossovers of players of one game trying to figure out if cards from another game are good or not, very interesting to see this kind of thing
shoutout to the stasis decks everywhere!
There’s is nothing wrong with mystic mine, Epstein actually did kill himself and shufflers fine.
What is the actual thing with Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon because when Stevie blunder did a video with Rarran he said that Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon is bad
I’m gonna pay Konami to write my essay. They really know how to make a paragraph out of nothing
I live the professor dude. He's not shy at all about his opinions on some of the obvious flaws in the game
I wonder if a monster is immune to spell card does mystic mine negate that? This card isn’t a nice card it’s pretty harsh it should be banned!!! 😁
Hearing The Prof cuss about Yu-Gi-Oh is amazing.
As a non mine player i appreciate that fact that it keeps deck building in check. I naturally incorporate some non monster removal ( generic any card valid targets)  just so that i can either a) out it or b) use them for   any other threat monster or s/T. The game has become too reliant on monsters. It needs more S/T to balance. My generic building numbers are 20/15/ 5. ( give and take depending on strat)
I LOVE these collabs with the professor, keep doing more! And a series with the professor translating YGO cards to MTG terms sounds GREAT!
im a subscriber from tcc, feels weird hearing prof swear hahahaah
Honestly the best say to understand the Ra Sphere as a MTG player is "Force your opponent to sacrifice 3 creatures of your choice and them give them a monster only useful for blocking, but then get it back so now you can use it to block stuff".  Also although Ra ain't that good, using sphere to just bring out Ra as a straight 4000/4000 beat stick from hand or deck is also nice though not needed.
next time you do these you should do the lower rarities of these cards( if it has any) to bait them thinking its bad.
This is the most I've heard the professor curse and I love it
"This is what we called a hand trap" Meanwhile MTG having only hand traps.
You'd think a professor could read like it was no big deal. XD
Right as the prof complained about the small font, I had to turn up my resolution to read the card
i really never understood why so many ppl have a hard time reading and understanding yugioh cards. Yugioh cards were my main motivation to learn how to read when i was 4, that maybe why its so easy for a lot of us but i really dont get it
now I want to see how Prof simplify YuGioH text in Magic terms XD
I'd love to see a video where magic and yugioh cards are compared to each other like how Prof compared Stasis to Mystic Mine because yeah, those two are exactly alike
so mystic mine is the equivalent of Winter Orb?
Where did the Prof play YuGiOh? If it's on the web, I wouldn't mind to watch it!
Should have showed him a rush duel card to see if he likes the format / font size changes
I hope you guys explained to prof the reason Ra sphere mode by passes effects that say "cant be targeted/destroyed" is because tribute is the summoning mechanic and not an effect
Not me forgetting that Sphere Mode summons Ra
Im subscribed to both channels i think this is dope ... u guys should play each other in both yu-gi-oh and mtg
I love all the complaints about yugioh cards texts, and mtg has cards like vorinclex and the sky noodle. Like mtg has its fair share of novels for card effects lol
Y'all should make a competitive deck with the professor and duel with him. I think that'd be a great video
Reducing the Level stars is heresy. I don't just want a big number, I want to FEEL the number's bigness.
Funny thing is some of these cards can be understood with MTG examples:  Winged dragon of ra is delraich but for your opponent. mystic mine is humility + peacekeeper
Never had a reason to not play yugi-oh but now I have one
This was a fantastic video. Please keep bringing the Professor back. He's a wonderful guest!
Relinquished is a fun one to guess. It’s got a lot of confusing text but basically saying “it becomes the chosen monster and redirects damage to it instead of relinquished” and to this day I have no clue if it’s good or not. Putting the battlefield on lockdown is fun, but outside of stopping aggro strategies I have no clue how it would fare against normal decks.
I think this video definitely illustrates Yugioh’s central issue when it comes to card text, and I that’s something that drew me away from the game, because there seems to be too much text that could easily be simplified into keywords or just shorter sentences…
I like the idea of collaborating with people from different tcgs, that's how I grew up with it. I just hate mtg players shitting on everything. Just read the card. Not that hard. Yes they are small cards, yes they have lots of texts sometimes. We already knew all that.
Hearing the prof. swear is bewildering to me. Like i know he does but he rarely does on his own channel so hearing it is WILD
I really really love the Professor. He's very intelligent, his reasoning is very sound, and the way he conveys things is very simple and lovely. Konami can learn A LOT just by listening to him.
I hate how small the pictures are. I used to br yu gi oh fan, now I'm Magic.
The only reason why the winged dragon of ra is bad is because of how old it is and how mediocre the support is.
Many comments already said it but damn, translating MTG cards into yugioh and viceversa would be one hell of a video!
The deal with yugioh and why players ''dont read'' is 100% related to how much fluff yugioh cards have. I get why the text is there and if you know how to read them it is very understandable. But on the other hand, people learn how the cards work, and only read them when something goes either wrong, or they need a specific effect they dont really know they had. In MTG thats just not the case.
I'm glad this video got released. Your videos introduced me to the Professor and he is such a nice wholesome guy!
The crazy thing is that I think Pot of Prosperity is as concise as it can be, given the amount of conditions and restrictions it has.   Maybe. Banish extra deck cards; up to the number of cards you excavate (3 or 6). Add 1 excavated card, place the rest below the deck in any order. Hard once per turn. Opponent takes half damage this turn.  However, changing the text without changing the specifics of the card is hard.
While the amount of text on a YGO card may be a lot, it is needed in order to make the play clear and concise. It also just takes some getting used to. Helps that a lot of the heavier cards are cards you may see often, and will eventually intuit / have a general idea on if you want to stop it or not.
There are some decks like Floowandereeze which really doesn't need the extra deck whatsoever. The main combos in the deck actually locks you out of the extra deck for a turn. It's like literally a decoration that you bring specifically to have material to banish with pot of prosperity
I would love to see him construct a deck and have you all grade it based on consistency and how good it is against other decks from varying levels of play
The Professor, after reading Pot of Prosperity: But what does it do?  Me watching, a Yugioh Meme Player: Just wait until you see Pot of Greed, that one's even more confusing!
YEEEEEEEESSSS!!!!!!!!!!! I WAS WAITING FOR THIS!!! Hopefully, you actually play some games of Yugioh and MtG together after this in a couple of videos.
Shame the facecam got lost, but as i thought the video is still amazing. Prof complaining about text feels so validating.
Not having the professor read a pendulum card, and then explaining their horrendous mechanics, was a big miss comedy wise. On a more serious note, konami does have a serious problem with conveying its card effects with clarity. The font is far too small and there's often so much jargon, you don't even know what you just read. They need to use short hand phrases (indestructible, hexproof, hard once per turn, etc.) and stop pushing cards with overpowered effects. Dragoon is doing way too much and everyone knows it. Lastly, they need to stop making these effects so conditional. Like you said, damage halving doesn't even matter a lot of the time. Just because you can fill a text box, doesn't mean you should. If you do, however, please make it legible. That, I think, is a bigger deterrent to new players than 20 minute turns...although, those are also awful.
You should play some simple casual Yu-Gi-Oh with them. Ease him in before you throw him into the meta meet grinder with tearlaments, Sprights, Exosister and floo
you know mystic mine is fucking stupid when the prof made made mystic mine burn ON THE SPOT
One thing that I think would be worth pointing out for magic players is that when a yugioh card says "monster effect", that means literally anywhere. In magic that would only refer the creatures while they're on the field, as they're spells in other zones. In yugioh they're monster cards everywhere. Hand, deck, field, GY, etc. Additionally, "activated" monster effects and "triggered" monster effects are different in magic, in yugioh it's the same thing. Saying you can't activate monster effects also means that your monster effects can't trigger. So it's basically a humility (creatures lose all abilities) for creatures in all zones, the only things that still function would be static abilities, but yugioh doesn't have many static abilities that are relevant.
Gotta have a MST up your cuff like Bandit Keith.
Please do more colab videos.  You guys are awesome.
For reference on the professor's take on mystic mine being kinda like stasis, stasis is basically a continuous spell (enchantment) that basically says that the resources you need, can't be used during your following turns if you use it. I know I'm butchering it for the other mtg fans here but I just wanna help my other fellow Yu-Gi-Oh lads
Wow professor I never new he was a sailor?! The way he was talking lol he never swears like that on his channel.
As some one who played stasis when I played in high school: 1) it's a miracle I had friends, and 2) mystic mine seems like my jam.
Thank you for uploading the video! even without the face cams it was still so much fun!Loved this collab a lot
Yeah, yugioh is a fun game, but the cards seriously require some kind of law degree to read correctly lol
no endymion magician? too bad
It's 2022 no one reads card texts anymore we gonna get combo-ed anyways. 😅
I barely take time to read Magic cards with half the words on these cards. I donno how you all do it.
I think this is the first time I've ever heard the professor drop the F-bomb.
Crazy how a guy who knows almost nothing about the game still knows mystic mine is bullshit lol.
I would've liked to see his reaction to a pendulum monster, hahahaha.
This crossover is a masterpiece
YES! I've been waiting for the part 2 of this for so long!
Pot of prosperity = dig thru time
really liking the collaboration between the two channels lately.
great video even with lost footage. well done APS and Professor.
The Professor's comments/criticisms of the game were basically a roast of Yugioh, and I couldn't have loved it more!
The thing is that they didn’t want key words because it’s confusing I mean you have horsemanship wtf does that do, also I a child understand the cards and cam memorize them for the most part
Would have been interesting to see Prof rate Pot of Desires
Love these videos guys! ❤
That was a great collab. Thanks for this video
YO how did homeboy from Tolarian Cmm College just describe a Runick Mystic Mine Deck without saying Runick 😂😂 as a non yugioh player, the fact he can come up with a stategy like that-- thats UNFORTUNATELY topped a tournament is crazy.
I wonder if the Professor would get more information about Yu-Gi-Oh! and the, he could make a video about Yu-Gi-Oh! cards equivalent in MTG, like: is there a equivalent of Exodia The Forbidden One on MTG?
I laughed hard when prof picked up the first link card to read and they put an image up to read and observe the card, but you still cant read the damn thing.
It's so nice ti see both of the #1 youtubers of my favorite tcgs. I need you to play magic with prof, and prof play yugi with you (with a marmail deck PLEASE) JAJAJAJ
The prof vids have been really good 8)
The best way to describe Mystic Mine and floodgates in general in MTG terms is Stax And just like in YGO nobody likes to play against floodgates, the same goes for MTG players and stax decks
Great vid love how picked up mystic mind right away and figured how it is op with out playing yugioh
Why spare him from pendulums! I would like the Professors thoughts on Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic
This was great. If you do it again you should definitely try cards like Endymion, Final Countdown, or Relay Soul.
I hope the Professor makes a video about how he would change the text of the cards he read on this video. I don't know about MTG, but, the few videos I've watched of the Professor showing some cards, I read their text and it's not convoluted as Yu-Gi-Oh! cards. I do agree, Yu-Gi-Oh! cards has A LOT of text that can be simplified.
"Reading the card explains the card."  -The Prof
There needs to be more mystic mine type cards. At least you can play a game of yugioh past 1 or 2 turns
In yugioh tributing is kinda its own thing, it just mkaes sense cause you just tribute something lol
Your channel is awesome :D
When a magic player says mystic mine needs a ban that’s when you know it’s bad 😂
MTG: "Reading the card explains the card." YuGiOh: "Reading the card nerfs the card."
As a player of MTG and Yugi, I've been thinking for the last 10 years that konami could make a lot of the wording more clear just as the MTG cards.
For magic players, Mystic Mine is Linvala Keeper of Silence but on steroids cause it also stops both activated and triggered abilities.
I like the idea of translating Yugioh cards to Magic for a future video. Got to do that with a friend recently; taught them how Kaijus would ruin an artifact deck they had played against.  If it helps to understand Ra, imagine if someone stacked as many effects as possible on their cards to prevent them from being destroyed, and you just toss them in the Graveyard anyway in exchange for an indestructible 0/0 that can't block. You didn't destroy the cards, you paid them as a cost, so pretty much all protection is useless.
Man yall were q lot more evil to prof with your cards then he was with his lol. But I love his idea of doing a translation video
The Professor reminds me of a grown up MBT
It's a lot easier to read cards when you know PSCT. For someone reading them blind it can sometimes feel like a non-programmer trying to decipher code.
"I understand the 2 counterspell cards are good" well how crazy is that?
mystic mine proving even in yugioh people absolutely hate stax, however unlike magic, its guaranteed to be 1v1
I got triggered the moment Prof said Stasis. flashbacks occurred. that old bastard loved that deck too much!
haha the professor is such an awesome dude, def bring him on the channel regularly!
I wish I would have found some good bait cards, y'all gave him a lot of really good cards
Funny difference of opinion on how broken Dragoon is here compared to another "xyz player rates YGO cards" video I saw
you should have done inspector boarder.... see if you can solve that riddle in your first try.
I love this video so much, these collabs are my life blood. I feel heard as a magic and Yu-Gi-Oh player lol
16:00 yes
what sucks about ra is he had two ways to go, and they chose the worst of the two.
I like the professors idea for a video where a magic player fixes yugioh card text. That would be another great collab
Loved it! Hope we can get more crossovers like this.
His Mystic Mine deck concept is so spot-on. Set 5 pass.
Reminds me of Balance.
I love prof, and I feel like you guys should take him up on that rewriting yugioh cards video!
Shouldve made him read Endymion  the mighty master of magic
Great one as always! As soon as I heard the Professor say he could rewrite the cards more simply I immediately thought "I would LOVE to see that video."
This was great!! Even without the other camera’s footage.
His guess at Sphere Mode being good was correct. His reasons are soooo Jaden Yuki trying to justify something and being a flunk of a student -- but a good effort at not being a native yugioh players.
Personally I think Konami doesn't ban Mystic Mine because as a card by itself, it's not really a problem card. It's very vulnerable, it has built in downsides that make it so you could literally run Ojama Trio as a counter for it. Yes it's a powerful card, and in the meta decks that run it it's SO toxic, but so are a lot of the high level cards. Let's not forget a well timed Ash can end a turn, and thus the game, Maxx "C" on it's own wins duels, most meta decks build boards of 2-3 negates/interruptions that serve basically the same purpose. Honestly if a deck can't put up multiple negates and play through a negate or two, it's considered terrible and unplayable.   The main thing that makes Mystic Mine so powerful is that it demands the other player make their deck less consistent to deal with it, and in a way that doesn't help that deck against any other card in the meta, it demands you run backrow hate, be that MST, Twin Twisters, Twister, Cosmic Cyclone, Heavy Storm Duster, Harpies Feather Duster, ect ect. If you can't run those cards, your deck has no answer to Mystic Mine, but if it can Mystic Mine isn't a problem.   So basically Konami doesn't ban Mystic Mine, because it doesn't see why it's such an issue for people to just run the cards they have given us throughout the years to deal with it.   Also I'm not sure how the Professor would actually make really any wordy YuGiOh card more "understandable" Like let's take the Pot here, his effect would likely look something like this;   "Banish 3 or 6 cards from your extra deck face down; any damage your opponent takes if halved for the rest of the turn, scry[ Look at the top X cards of your deck, then put any number of them on the bottom of your deck and the rest on top in any order.] X where X is the number of cards banished for this effect, add one of the scryed cards to your hand, put the rest on the bottom of your deck in any order. You can only activate 1 "Pot of Prosperity" per turn. You cannot draw cards by card effects the turn you activated this card."  That is 533 characters over 110 words, the normal effect text is 462 characters over 88 words, and doesn't need to describe how to even do the effect, because without the explanation of what "scry" does, it would mean nothing to a new player.   Now this isn't to say I wouldn't love to see him try, and honestly I'd love to do something like that myself but the other way around to make MTG cards more understandable without needing text on the cards just to explain an effect, like instead of using "Scry 1 (Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library.)" it could just cut out the "Scry 1" and just explain the effect, the card could just say, "Look at the top card of your library. You may put that card on the bottom of your library." No need to look up what scry means, no need to refer to the massive list of keywords just to see what your card does it just says on it what it does. You know, like a Yu-Gi-Oh card.
This is the 1st time I'm hearing the Professor swear so much xD
I also redid Endymion's text to be more obvious using MtG vernacular.  Pendulum Effect:  Once per turn, you may remove six Spell counters from permanents you control. If you do, Special Summon Endymion from your Pendulum Zone, then destroy up to X cards on the field, and then place that many Spell Counters on Endymion, where X is the number of cards you control that can have Spell counters.   Monster Effect: Endymion has hexproof and the effect “When Endymion is destroyed by battle, you may put one Normal Spell from your Deck into your hand.” as long as Endymion has a Spell counter on him.  Once per turn, if a Quick Effect of any kind is activated, you may return one card you control with any amount of Spell counters on it to its owner’s hand. If you do, negate that Quick Effect and destroy its card. You may put the same number of Spell Counters that the returned card had onto Endymion.  /  Frankly the card seems sorta strong, like it can lock your opponents out of playing the game by just bouncing your cards back to your hand, while being immune to everything but combat, which is fine if you can counter their cheat-y spells and kill their best stuff if you got him through the pendulum zone summoning.   The problem with the text is that the order in which the effects are explained is nonsensical. The most important, the relevant, effects, should always be mentioned first.
Should have gave him Linear Equation Cannon.
I missed the poll, but I'm glad you released even though it's just the overhead. Hope to see you do more with the prof
The Professor wants the card text to be more concise… half time the card text is lengthy, not  to restrict the card but to restrict the player. Ygo players are degenerates 😭. I promise you the card text is needed
"Shift control of this card's owner" ok
Mystic Mine    0 Enchantment If you control more Creatures: You cannnot declare attack or activate creature ability's. Reverse this if your opponent controls more creatures.  If all players have the same amount of creatures during the end phase: Destroy this card.     "Bogged down by the power of the mine; Sorin discovered he had lost what had made him great. His Vampirism." Attempt to translate this into MTG language
Hey remember when Yu-Gi-Oh before Synchro? I mean even that and XYZ was easy to understand but after that it’s like wtf
.LINK-3.....  ..if you control this card that was Link Summoned with 3 or more materials..........yeah, the moment I started seeing that on cards I sure questioned why they had to clarify that for a while...
This was sooo good! Even without the face cams =p.
Ever since I saw the Professor's video, I've been waiting for this one to come out! Cheers guys, this is great
8:43 hearing prof swear sounds odd, but hysterical. It's actually kinda funny watching him be like "I dunno WTF this means?" It's kinda the reason I drifted to magic instead of Yu Gi- oh. Too confusing ironically.
Awesome vid! I love this guy and how analysing he is, great colab! Would love to see more like comparing boss monsters or archtypes or smth, just brings the tcg community together yknow ^^
It's cool to see The Professor here. I knew him because his videos testing sleeves, I really like how he express his ideas and this video is no exception. He is right at his description of mystic mine and overall all the other things he pointed out about the game, and the cards.
Got a recommendation that you guys get the Professor there to share Stasis, Tinker and some of the old school discard decks with Mind Twist just to see what the MtG version of that Mine seems to be.
THIS IS GOING TO BE SOOOOO GOOD!
Yo Team! You guys should make a Red Eyes deck for him with Ash Blossom and Solemn Judgement and even Sphere Mode, then let him play against you guys using decks of a similar power level. I think he would love that and I know we would.  Edit: Obviously one of you should coach him a little so he can reach Dragoon.
I loved this video!
Okay, but rewritten yugioh cards would be fun, maybe had some keywords or symbols to see if you can have bigger fonts haha
I used to play Magic semi-professionally and I own a Yugioh deck because it's fun.   I thoroughly enjoyed this collaboration. Thank you, Team APS and thank you Professor!
It's bad when the control player wants a card banned
Please keep doing these crossover videos, I love both of your channels!!!
I gotta say, massive respect for you guys and prof, and as a player of both yugioh and mtg, it’s cool seeing how card and game theory translate over to one another
"And this card is evil"
The "magic versions of yugioh cards" idea is interesting cuz when I was first proxying cards for my deck, i would use magic terms to save space lol
Considering the Prof. actually HAS a masters in English if I recall he's kinda right in how bad the card text and font is.  He's taught college English before.  So it's kinda sad when a college English teacher complains about theses types of things.
Sweeet
"this is stupid" *DING*
Grown ass man hates reading, news at 11
Glad you released this anyway
I lost it at “what does it do?” Does The Professor know about the Pot of Greed meme or is this just a funny coincidence?
I wld love to see professor and u all rating other tcg esp digimon
Love seeing him hate the cards and be annoyed at all the text cause yes i agree we need more of him and maybe some MTG stuff so he can show us some stuff
I think converting pot of extravagance into magic terms would be pretty easy, "As an additional cost to cast pot of extravagance, exile 3 or 6 cards from your extra deck. Scry X, where X is the number of cards exiled, except you can only return 1 card to the top. Draw 1 card."
I think there is something to be said about how Yu-Gi-Oh! is originally written in Japanese and then localized, whereas MtG is written in English first. It’s not the only reason the text is like this, but I think it’s a factor.
The only thing I don’t like about the text in magic cards is that they expect the players to know what the keyword effects do. Digimon does it well where it always tells you what it does in brackets.
hi i know how to play yugioh n magic
magic version of yugioh cards. lets goo
Had to pause. Profs first card appraisal has my DYING! I'M AM DYING IN MY ROOM PLEASE HELP ME! Whew. Ok ok.  On to the rest.
Make yugioh cards through that magic ai card generator! so you'd be playing with dark magician but it'd do something from magic!
So mine is like swords of rev. light lol, in relationship to the older formats
Fantastic video
Knowing very little about Yugioh, I think this game would really benefit from keywords.  Magic and Digimon save so much text space just by having standardized effects that they can mix and match and convey with one or two words.
This was so much fun to watch!
I'm glad you guys posted this. Team APS is by far my favorite ygo channel by far, so every single bit of content is dear to me ☺️
It's a bit inaccurate to say dragoon is good when it's never been meta in the tcg though
I'm hoping you guys filmed that first game too!
Imagine if these cards had real life tutorials pop up during play
Really glad y’all decided to release this!! Prof is how I found you guys, and you have been one of my favorite channels since!
I also made Demiurgy into a readable card using MtG vernacular  Sacred Treasure of the Star God, The Demiurge Gears  Three monsters each with Level 5 or more  If The Demiurge Gears were Link Summoned using three monsters that were three different Types and also three different Attributes, The Demiurge Gears have the effect “Once per turn, during your main phase, you may destroy all other permanents.” and the effect “Once per turn, if an opponent Special Summons a monster from their Extra Deck, you may Special Summon a "World Legacy" from your Deck.(You can’t activate this effect during the Damage Step)”.  If The Demiurge Gears were Link Summoned, they have protection from other monsters' effects.  The Demiurge Gears can’t be used as Link Material.   /  It actually makes a lot of sense what it does, its literally a demiurgy that was built out of gears.  At 105 words, this is actually 1 more letter longer than the original text. But it would fit on the card.
Thanks man I was waiting for this!
There's a way to do this video, and this ain't it chief.
Mystic Mine gets flipped. "He will know it's good, it's Stasis" Professor: "It's Stasis" Me: HAH!
This was a great video even though the regular footage was lost. Love the professor, would love to see something like this again!
That’s me with ash in hand  Opponent- effect  Me-it does what😂
2:51 To be fair, Ultimate Dragon has seen competitive play as it is a very easy to bring out:  * Vanilla  * Dragon  * High Attack  * 12 Stars  Monster.   While a lot of the time it was just included as a joke, some genuine use was sprinkled in there. It was never used for itself, but as fodder it has some nice qualities.
I think since Yu-Gi-Oh doesn't have mana costs or some other dedicated resource system, it has to include a lot more conditions and requirements on cards that can really increase the word count (things like the once per turn text). In Magic, the conditions for playing a card are typically just "pay the mana cost", but without a resource system Yu-Gi-Oh is forced to come up with a myriad of other hoops to jump through in order for the big bomb cards to have some cost to them. Mana costs also naturally put a limit on how many spells you can cast, so hard once per turns are basically non-existent in Magic.
For reference, to get mtg power and toughness you divide the attack and defense by 400 and round down
I feel like Konami likes to differentiate cards from each other in subtle ways that are not conducive to summarization and keywords. You legitimately do need full sentences to describe what they do, and even then there's no way to accurately describe every nuance without a rulings crash course.
It's so weird seeing ocg banned cards get rated
The guy reminds me of Harry from Dumb and Dumber. 👍
Come on Team APS play with Larry's new Commander deck.
The Professor: Solemn Judgement is my favorite card that I've seen here.  Who would've thought the blue player would like a counter trap?
I love how Yu-Gi-Oh just breaks the professors professional attitude and he just starts swearing like the gamer he is at heart.
Holly fucking good it is my ideal… besides you guys
This was a very fun episode!!! I play both, and would have loved to translate! Love these videos where players try to figure out another games effects and strategies
Mr. Tumnus is back! 🦁
"Mystic Mine is Good for the Game!"  I'll show myself out.
Loved this. As a Magic player, I found my guesses lining up with the Prof's pretty closely, especially when he said Mystic Mine is like Stasis, and god I hate Stasis-locks so much, lmfao.  One thing I slightly disagree with the Prof about is that "there are easier ways to word these effects". My guess (without knowing confidently) is that the timing rules in Yugioh are a tangled web of special cases that have to be accounted for. The word choice and punctuation is so bizarre to me that it must have a deeper meaning. I know there are things like a chain and spell speeds or something, so it's hard for me to parse what all that means precisely, and I'm going with "those words are put that way for a reason, don't touch them or the game will break".
Magic - Checkers  Yugioh - Chess but with methheads
funny part is that these texts are not even the long ones. this is only the beginning.
Hilarious that he read a pot spell card and unironically said “what does it do?”
“If you do all this dumb shit” 😂 basically the first part of any Yugioh card
A MTG and Yugioh crossover? Nice.
Love the video  If you do another one maybe throw in cards that would be great in magic but aren’t in yugioh to throw him off. Love all the great videos with the professor <3
Thanks for uploading even if the other footage was lost!
I hate Ash Blossom lol
I thought they're gonna put Gunkan Ship Shari and let the professor read it and the professor thinking its an effect card but its just flavor text lol.
I love these videos! Both he rating the yugioh and you guys rating the magic! Please do more!
Dang prof got salty lol
It’s weird to hear the professor cursing so much hahah
Loved it even without the face cams. If you do another video like this you totally gotta include Small World
This crossover remains delightful!
Cool vid! Awesome Colab but u should prob give him a lil context on how things like link summoning or whatever. Without any context at all a lot of ygo cards are inscrutable
hmmm curious how he would have reacted to blast with chain.
the professor got an easy way out, you guys didn't even put an endymion. I would do just that, and hit him with a toon world to confuse him till the end of days
Yugioh… a game where your opponent takes a 15 minute turn to set up a board which will not allow you to play the game, just so that when you play one card so they also can’t play the game… they whine and squeal like piglets.
I used Magic The Gathering vernacular to rewrite Pot of Prosperity's effect into being more obvious. I too was flabbergasted and thought the card simply did nothing when I first read it.  You may choose three or six cards from your Extra Deck and exile them, face-down. If you do, look at the top cards your Deck equal to the number you chose. Put one of them into your hand and the rest on the bottom of your Deck in any order. Until end of turn, you can’t draw cards. ( You may activate only one "Pot of Prosperity" per turn. )  Until end of turn, if a source would deal damage to an opponent, it deals half that damage, rounded down, to that opponent instead.
you dueled the professor!? when will you upload that video?
Convert Yugioh text into Magic text would be REALLY interesting, and def worth a series on its own with Professor as a host or co-host!
Hearing the prof swear is so funny
This is good content!
Don't Ban Mystic Mine, make more and more and more responses.  Just like Magic needs more and more mana boosters and counters
I cant believe you made that old man squint so much lol
Hearing the professor curse is so strange to me. Also even Magic players understand how fucking evil Mine is.
Prof: [Mystic Mine] is stupid * ding *  Love it.
Mystic Mine + Jinzo + Final Countdown  I've done it once, it was hilarious
Yooo, if all 4 of you played a game of Commander I'd love to see it. I love yugioh and mtg so seeing you two colab is awesome!
Excavate is like scry in magic professor think preordain but going 3 deep min
This card game is not for the nearsighted 😂
Stasis {1}{U} Enchantment   Players skip their untap steps.  At the beginning of your upkeep, sacrifice Stasis unless you pay {U}.  Stasis is horrible to play against because your opponent can't play cards without lands
Reading yugioh cards not even a masters in literature is enough.
but what does pot of prosperity do?
What if konami mad an archetype based on how playing mtg As will as wotc doing some cards based on yugioh? That would be a very cool thing
As someone that has played both Yu-Gi-Oh! and Magic, these videos have been a lot of fun to watch!
Dude knows full well even slow Brainstorms are staples, he is messing with us.
The professor : this blue eyes is power creeped so it is powerfull Meanwile wile neo blue eyes and MAX dragon : you know nothing
Brian started out by toying around
Funny to hear the prof calling Yugioh cards novels after Strixhaven was printed
This is great!! Look forward to more collaborations in the future!!!
Aps does a poor job at explaining winged dragon of ra
"I don't know why they don't just say what number the stars are, it'd be easier to read."  Sorry, only the new format is allowed to do that, boomers have to squint.
"This card is stupid!" DING! And I laughed so hard... I think the same. I played against a Runick deck and an Exosister deck using Mystic Mine last sunday. The Exosister deck used it to buy two turns so it was bad, but kinda like Swords of Revealing Light. But Runick... I really liked the mechanic of that archetype, but Mine ruined for me!
Its a shame they didnt show him Endymion or Inspecter boarder
Can you please add chapters to the video for easier rewatchabily?
To Professor's conclusion, I kind of agree and disagree, right now the writing "grammar" of Effects is more like a computer language, it's complicated and counterintuitive, but it's the most clear way to extinguish the difference between similar effects. Of course, the best option is that Konami completely overhaul the whole language which not gonna happen in a million years.
Seto Kaiba doesn't run stinkers. Prof was right :P
Great video
I'm surprised the Professor didn't get Sphere Mode right. I think it's because of what he talked about at the end, had he seen the effect written the way it would be in MtG, it would be obvious how good it is : "ETB : Sacrifice three creatures, for each of these you might instead have target opponent sacrifice a creature of your choice". The rest is meaningless, it's insane removal that goes around any form of protection in a game where every boss monster has hexproof or indestructible...
I love the 2nd collab....The Podcast and now this!
old man say no
This crossover content is a lot of fun!
"this one is evil" yes
Solemn Judgement, affectionately called "God says "NO!"".
Up next the professor will attempt to determine yugioh game state rulings and how to resolve a chain lmfao
He is kinda right, the texts of yugioh cards can get extremely frightening
So happy that you release the video
Im glad you decided to upload this still. Most of us who know the Professor can clearly imagine the look on his face based on his words 😆
Please Yugioh text-ify Questing Beast
To be fair on the Winged Dragon of Ra, while the card itself might be meh, it does have a ton of support.
I sympathize with this professor reading this.  Some of the cards texts... Rghh
That idea of translating cards from one game to the language of another sounds like a super interesting idea in both directions
The professor: how tf are we supposed to read these cards?  Paul: that's the neat part. You don't
I was waiting for this video after the partnered video showed up on the Prof's Youtube channel :)
I laughed at world gears. And I almost never laugh. "if you do all this dumb shit"
i honestly expected the last card to be nirvana high paladin.
YES YOU GUYS STILL RELEASED IT!
God this is why I stopped Yu-Gi-Oh even after coming back via Masters Duel on PS5. Just wish there were formats
Yesssss... I have been waiting for this!!
Love this collaboration! Even with the video issues, was fun to watch!
This is probably the first time I've heard the professor curse and pay attention to it.
Okay, I'm never complaining about magic wording again
Wow what happened to Yu-Gi-Oh man?
If you encounter mystic mine why don't you just pack a few spells for spell/trap removal? Like I dont see the problem here, if you make your deck highly specialized around a particular combo or set of combos you're making yourself open, if people exploit your weakness then is mystic mine to blame? Maybe you should not be so reliant on summoning out a bunch of stuff in turn 1 or 2 like is the case with every generic combo and actually have a game plan that works for scenarios like this by adding cards to counter it? idk, the hate for mystic mine if overstated imo
loved this video, and loved when you guys were guessing how good the magic cards were too. great crossover :D
I have never heard the professor curse this much. He holds back in Tolarian Community College videos.
Great content guys!! Happy about the collab!  Edit: great explanation of Mystic Mind from the professor! 👌🏼
I wish you guys filmed the Yugioh duel which is talked about in this video. You could have then also played a game of commander for content
The fact that Professor understands why Mystic Mine is toxic and a lot of actual yugioh players don't says a lot about our community.
only a none yugioh player or when somebody gets into card game and really points out why its not simple enough. Yha he really made me question is yugioh really for kids specially when most kids don't like to read books.
Yeah, prof figured Mystic Mine right away, every seasoned MTG player knows the power of Moat/Ensnaring Bridge and it comes with a conditional Humility effect on top of that? 10/10
This was great, lol. So entertaining to watch the breakdown unfold. Really glad you decided to upload even without the facecam footage!
I don't know why YGO doesn't use keywords. That would greatly aid the readability of cards. Like people have said in the commons, many decks do similar things, so why not make keywords for them?
I love how card game enthusiasts are having colabs. We should enjoy these games for what they are.
We now need to see the Yu-Gi-Oh players react to Magic cards!
I was expecting Inspektor boarder but mystic mine is a good addition
Can we get Larry to crack mtg packs
It's funny not seeing the professor's face. I could imagine what his face is because I have seen so many of his videos.  Thanks. This was so entertaining.
It was funny seeing the professor getting frustrated at the cards novel sized text box. I feel he'd enjoy rush duel .. if that ever comes out in the US
Yoo show him Stellarknight Triverr
Love seeing the professor as a former MTG player.  I still love MTG but not into it any more, but comparing the games and mechanics is so fun.  Is there a MTG equivalent of "inherent summoning"?
Should be noted that while Blue-Eyes Ultimate isn't good anymore, it did see somewhat limited use in Cyber-Stein OTK due to it being a 4500 beatstick fusion that Stein could summon, before Cyber Twin Dragon was around. Beyond that though, yeah nothing else to note really.
Forcing the professor to read long cards was hilarious
Posted 2 hours ago
It was great to see you all collaborate, great perspectives on the game 👍
I appreciate the prof trying the game and trying to understand it. I think his main misunderstanding in card merit was probably from it being from a MTG players perspective
Impressive how lots of analysis was spot on, especially mine! Wow They should have talked about how we have game reports like draw pass, draw pass, draw pass
should've showed him how the ocg actually has good formatting and isn't horrible to read
After explaining dragoon to him and professor realizing how good it is you should of went back to ra or a kaiju, and Showed how easy it is to remove it. That's a question why didn't you show him kaijus? But Great video again boys I love watching these I'm trying to learn magic and I feel stupid but seeing you guys struggle too encourages me to continue learning
amazing guest hope people do more colabs between TCGs
''what does it do though?'' at pot of prosperity is the closest we'll ever get to the professor actually saying the pog meme
I would love to see a video where the Professor "translated" YGO cards to MtG. As well as the reverse.
Man, when a Magic player says that Mystic Mine should be banned that says a lot >w<
I understand peoples hate for mystic mine but can you just run. Spell and trap removal
*“blah blah blah.. IF YOU DO ALL THIS DUMB SHIT…”* Perfectly sums up the embarrassingly stupid state of modern yugioh cards.
Now you both have to review Pokémon or some other tcg
Professor ain't wrong, number one thing I thought when I got into Master Duel a few months ago was "damn what's with all the text?" I honestly almost quit.  Then I finally figured out Rule #1 of YGO: YGO players can't read. Sometimes, my opponents cards make me blow up, and sometimes my card makes my opponent blow up. Such is the life of a duelist.
I love how this is how Prof gets around his policy of not swearing on YouTube
Easily the best content creators for MTG & YGO, every video a banger, no whammies!
Yeah prof. Mine is like Stasis if it was legal in EVERY format.
No pendy never ending text magician  tho lol Great choices tho.   Great video
7:30 to 7:42 Rewriting YuGiOh cards to make mtg versions of them would indeed be a very nice video idea. Same for the reverse.  I really hope that you'll collab with the professor again and do that. It'd be awesome.
I've been watching Prof since highschool, and idk why but I still, to this day, get shocked when he curses. Idk why lol
Mystic mine is without a doubt powerful, but yea with how much backrow removal there is in the game, and the fact that it doesn't have protection against magic or trap cards, I would think that would hurt it's ability to really control the meta/a best of 3, but yea casual 1 on 1 games, and against someone who relies too heavily on monster effects this card would be DEVASTATING.  EDIT: Yes there are ways to protect it/your back row, and the outs aren't as easy to get out, but yea I think that... that may be why they are reluctant to full on ban it, but meh I could be wrong.
it's weird to hear the Professor swear
Each time Professor said he hopes for not a lot of text, I had hope you gave him Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic
"Here's the secret...you dont"  Had me rolling.
Its genuinely impressive how good Professor is at  understanding the power of ygo cards thanks to his experience in mtg for years
These recent videos you've made with the Professor have made me subscribe to your channel and I've since been watching more of your other videos too.  I like the energy you guys have. It's clear that you love what you talk about.
Omg great opener with the "never reading the card" meme execution
These videos are so fun. Really great collab
to be fair one of the reason why yugioh has so much more text is the missing of keywords. that "neither player can target this card with cards or effects" cannot be shortened to "shroud" really takes a lot of space. this gets even more insane when you consider something like cascade is a keywords which reads "When you cast this spell, exile cards from the top of your library until you exile a nonland card that costs less. You may cast it without paying its mana cost. Put the exiled cards on the bottom of your library in a random order" but only shows up as 1 word.
Red-Eyes Dark Dragoon is a bit too much of a loaded argument to be used in a video like this.  On one hand, it was an absolute menace in the OCG meta not so long ago, is obviously phenomenal in a vacuum, and remains banned in the OCG to this day.  On the other hand it has seen very little success in the TCG due to differences in the meta environment, the requirement to make your deck less consistent by running multiple bricks for it, the introduction of another card (Destroyer Phoenix Enforcer) that directly competed for the slot of the monster you want to cheat out with Predaplant Verte Anaconda, and finally, the card that cheated it out in almost every scenario has now been banned in both TCG and OCG.   I think anyone saying that it's BAD is objectively wrong, but whether it's mid or good is hotly contested. There's just a bit too much nuance to its evaluation than what is fair to throw at someone not familiar with the game.
The Professor reminds me of Mark Hamil in the way he talks. Love it
Sometimes, reading the card doesn't explain the card.
Oh man I love the prof, he is a gem
Konami ! Listen to The Professor ! Shortening texts will greatly help you so that New players don't feel the game is working against them. And if you must reprint a lot, then Di it, it means less ink for money, so more money !
For half the vid i didn't even notice this was the one with 2 cameras worth of footage missing :D Glad you uploaded it, the content makes it so worth! Greetings from a fellow magic TCG and OG Yu-Gi-Oh player, after years and years, looking back into it, thanks to the crossovers with prof!
boy is The Professor 100 percent right about the card font and the card descriptions being overly long. They really could simplify things
I'm so happy, I love when y'all collab! I can't wait to see Prof evaluate some cards!
things right here, this is good content
The thing about reading Yugioh cards is that most text on most cards is just the same termas and conditions that eveyr other card has, so when you lear to read Yugioh cards pretty much understanding what the card does is really easy, the prpblem is to lear to read Yugioh cards, yo need to just send it until you learn or you ned someone that already knows how to read the cards teach you.
Professor is amazing!! These videos are so much fun to watch
Awesome vid! Great choice of cards!
my favorite YouTubers In one video this is awsome.
Damn, Prof figured out how to play Mystic Mine burn in 1 minute. I don't know if I should be proud of him or disgusted with him
I would really like to see that.  As someone that plays MTG & just a bit of yuGiOh. Trying to turn yuGiOh cards into MTG cards or trying to turn MTG cards into yuGiOh cards. is a nice concept. ie; winged dragon of Ra Sphere mode = in MTG terms; Target opponent sacrifices 3 creatures & Sphere... comes into play under that players control, it can not be the target of spells or effects that opponent controls, at that players end step Sphere's owner gains control of it. The owner of this card may sacrifice it from play to cast Winged dragon of Ra with out paying it's mana cost. (not a bad card & fun to translate) if u can find a good MTG player to work with.
Prof on mystic mine: Wait, I could just play a deck with no monsters and my opponent can't do anything... Me: No Professor, naughty Professor.  This is EXACTLY why you had to apologize on your channel!
Glad you decided to post the vid despite missing footage, was still a super fun watch!
prof: **Picks up Sphere** "So it gets rid of their stuff?"  Alec: "Yup!"  Prof: "Then summons Winged Dragon of Ra?"  Paul: "That is correct."  Prof: "Is the Winged Dragon of Ra any good?"  Larry: "No." **Ignoring the slowly manifesting Yugiboomers and Rogue Chicken/Kaiju players manifesting behind him slowly and menacingly**  Prof: "Well then it's bad!"  Team APS: **Sharing a look of impish delight** "Well actually...."  XD I feel for Prof. Maybe after some Duel Links then Master Drool he might get it a little better. Like I may slander MD but it is good for showing you just how terrifying Yugioh is now but also helping you to do some monkey see monkey do type plays that enable you to grasp at it a little.   XD Then get Ash'd or Impermed XD
I see you guys chose to take it easy on The Prof by not showing him any pendulums. Good on you guys.
You guys were really kind not to show him pendulums
You guys lied to him when you said Red eyes dark dragoon was a good card a meh card at best
Mystic Mine is Yu-Gi-Oh's Moat.
I loved going the first couple of minutes through the video and prof is being pretty age friendly, and then he gets to reading the text of these cards 😂
These crossover episodes are the best
HoPe you guys try commander out
To put Sphere Mode in MTG terms, it's basically like making your opponent sacrifice 3 creatures but you get to decide what those three creatures are. So even if a creature has indestructible or hexproof/shroud, you can get them off the field and give your opponent basically garbage instead. Not to mention that once it comes to your side, you can use it for things like Link Summoning.
did u film his first duel as well?
STAX comes for us all.
This crossover was awesome
I love you guys awesome colab.. but come on u guys gotta do better wit the footage, we wanna see the reactions, I'm probably gonna get slayed for saying but but u guys have messed a few cam shots before.. love u guys do better... Mystic Mine is EVIL
hearing the Prof swear is fucking hilarious lol
As a former duelist, gone planeswalker, I thoroughly enjoid this video. Here's hoping for more Yugio player giving magic a try and at least letting some magic players through the dense shell of text that is YuGioH
I don't play Magic but I watch the professor's channel and love his reviews! I joined his kick starter and can't wait to get my box!
I love that Prof immediately knew what mystic mine's deal was. Every experienced MtG player knows that when a deck deliberately runs "symmetrical" effects, someone at that table is in for a BAD time.
Dirty mouthed prof!
Awesome video as usual! I'm big into Master Duel, and thanks to you guys I'm coming back to the TCG as well!
Yu-Gi-Oh probably need more key words like how hearthstone has battlecry and deathrattle the only one Yu-Gi-Oh has is quick effect
"Please don't be a lot of text" Such a mood. One of the main reasons why I've begun buying cards from other games, and why I haven't changed decks since I bought my lightsworns deck
Mystic mine is the kind of card that translates into magic where the person who plays it is like if you don't like it just run more removal in your deck it's that simple.
Hearing Prof swear is actually so weird. I don't think he does on his channel
Calvin left Team APS in March and they never even fucking said anything
Thanks for releasing this! The video was really fun watch even with overhead only.
Now learn how to play Magic guys!!
"Mystic Mine? THIS IS STUPID!" *ding*
He did pretty good and I think he could've handled reading Endymion, the Mighty Master of Magic.
Professor rewritting Yugioh cards would be a great video
This would’ve been a hilarious podcast didn’t even need the video lmao glad you uploaded it
So it was Good,band,meh, or EVILLLLLLL(in mermaid man voice).
As a MTG player and former YGO player I LOVE the collabs you guys make! Keep it up :)
i agree a lot on him saying the problems with Yugioh as in the description could be shorter + easier to understand + bigger font when less is written. especially for newer cards like pendulum xyz and whatever else, way too confusing. You didn't even get in the meat & potatoes of its reality with those cards. stars of card does look better all lined up but not a bad idea to have it as a number on corner instead to have less space taken. These changes can easily be done with all existing cards if they just print out new copies like they did "Magic" to "Spell" for monster reborn etc, just do the same for bigger font print/eeasier explanation especially for most modern common used cards. I can't even get into that new online yugioh game, why would I after spending on yugioh online 3 / duel links i didn't care for but had no choice. the new one does look kinda better but they already screwed up. I'll just wait until they port official game in VR or i'll never play :)
Wait, the professor has played YuGiOh??? Where is the video, I need it
Man I had no idea the prof cursed like a sailor outside of his channel, I feel this man is even more relatable now.
Funny how this video comes out like a week after the Professor made a video apologizing for being a stax player. Mystic Mine is basically a good stax card. Probably not as good in a magic setting since creature effects aren't as important, but it would still be a good card nonetheless.
Sad you didn't do him some pendulum 😂
i like that video. and thanks to the prof. for my voice ^^
Dang almost at 500k subs y'all getting it! Congratulations 🎉
I feel bad for Professor, because he is right; Once you get a handle on Yugioh, playing a card game where your only resource holding you back is your cards in hand, and so many cards are built to add more cards to your hand to keep your turn flowing, it feels great. it's totally unique and very engaging. But it is such a brick wall to get into, _because_ so many cards have to be crammed with effects across the wall to make sure they're relevant as long as possible (until the New Thing comes out), and Yugioh does not use keywords or line breaks the same way Magic does, so the card effects read like a huge chunky paragraph. The cards are very hard to read, to the point where I honestly just find the cards online on a database where I can zoom in to read text easier and the actual words have more room to breathe. That tiny text box, iconic as it is as Yugioh's formatting has not changed in 20 years, is really holding this game back at least in America. In Japanese, you can fit a lot more words in much smaller space, but English does not work like that.
As a Yugioh player, Im with you, the text has become quite overwhermingly packed.
lol You guys didnt even show him pendulum cards, he probably would have flipped the table just form looking at the Endymion archetype.
Song request at 11:00 please
Thank you for doing this!!!
Bro looks like golden night from clash royale.
"what does pot of prosperity do?" lmao
Literally unwatchable Smhead
This was a great video. I want more of this.
I agree with the Professor.  This game would really benefit from someone better explaining the card text.
Sleep is for the weak when your people upload
Good video!
The professor doesn't even play the game, and he's doing a better job at balancing the game
I love these collabs and I hope to see more like this in the future I love and play both mtg and yugioh.
"How do you read these cards?" "Here's the secret... You don't" lmao
As soon as he said _"Stasis"_ I froze and clicked back on the Tab; the Nightmares
I'm glad you guys decided to release this video. Sincerely a longtime magic player that recently returned to yugioh after stopping in 2011...
People switch from Yu-Gi-Oh to Magic after someone plays Mystic Mine until they suffer the wrath of Winter Orb and Stasis
7:54 i want those Sleeves 17:29 Double edged Sword [Skull Servant Trap same boat]...
you all should play some commander with the Prof. got the standard 4 people and its loads of fun.
So as a magic player, I kinda wanna continue the issue that I think people have with Yugioh, granted I havent touched yugioh since probably 2010 and this information is gotten mainly from seeing meme reaction videos of types of players and certain card interactions.   Yugioh isn't a card game, its a game of rock paper scissors and  praying that you have some way to interact with your opponent on turn 1, otherwise the game ends. I'm sure you have games that will go to turn 2 or even 3 sometimes, but I feel that only happens with awful luck and bad deck building.  compare that to commander where the game can go for over 4 people taking 10+ turns, or even modern and standard where turns can routinely get to 5 and 6. Not saying that magic doesn't have turn 1 kos, or even an entire game mode built around them essentially, but thats the reason why I play commander over vintage.   In summary, Yugioh is really held back by only have a single format. A hyper powerful game where people can win on turn one is going to happen in any card game that exist for any length of time. The issue is when thats the only game mode that exist, it begs the question of why not just make a rock paper scissors game with really pretty pictures instead?
It's like toll but better
There is nothing wrong with Mystic Mine. There are many cards a lot worse than it that deserve to be banned
At least my YGO cards are not the only ones bending like crazy, that show Konamis card quality 😂
I think the biggest difference between MTG players and Yu-Gi-Oh players is that the only person who reads the cards in a Yu-Gi-Oh deck is the person who built it, whereas everyone at the table reads every card that gets played (sometimes multiple times) in MTG, because very frequently it can limit what they're allowed to do.
“blah blah blah.. IF YOU DO ALL THIS DUMB SHIT…” Had me Cackaling! 😂😂
Let's go!!!
Is it just me or is the design and templating of Yu-Gi-Oh cards absolutely atrocious? Absurdly long convoluted names, art that is mediocre at best taking up half of the available space, and a tiny text box that requires miniscule font to cram in a pamphlet's worth of words.
Please have him try to read Endymion! That would be amazing!
Mystic mind could be very good for a Exodia deck
ah, a completely rip off idea from cardmarket channel with the words stable and stinker changed to best and worst. But hey, I respect your hustle .
You guys are my favorite Yugi-tubers. I haven't even played the game in 5 years and I still watch you. So awesome to see this crossover!
Having watched a number of this exact same topic of video, I appreciate you guys a lot for giving him an accurate, objective answer about Dragoon. There was another I watched where they told the poor Magic player that Dragoon was garbage, just because Red Eyes wasn't a top tier deck.
Even the Professor knows how terrible yugioh card text font and wording is. Konami is too deep into having shitty font and wording so it will never change imo.
This is gonna be fun😈
translating yu gi oh cards to magic lingo and viceversa sounds like a good idea. I'm in for it.
The professor understands that complexity doesn't breed depth ... Very well done Professor ... Nice Collab too 👍🏻
9:56 "How do you read this?!"  That's the neat part you dont
Ooooh yes! It’s the one we’ve been waiting for. 👍🏻
yes i would love to see the yugioh cards written in the style of mtg cards
POT OF GREED what das it do
Prof in Magic: "Reading the card explains the card." Prof in Yu-Gi-Oh: "I don't understand what this says."
Why do we not see face cam? It’s very strange to only see top down camera. Only watched 4 mins of the vid btw
Oh no, the face cam would've been perfect. No way to recover the footage? Too bad.
What happened that prosperity is meh now?   Remember it being staple
Cross-pollination across card games or games in general is great to see!
Great video guys! Thanks for still uploading even though you lost the footage from the other angles.
I swear the Professor never curses this much on his channel. This is hilarious.
Serious answer on "how do you read this": with experience you learn to quickly parse the card text and the syntax is static between cards so you skip a lot of the filler to understand what the card does, then you can read it slowly to see if there's a detail you missed or how exactly the effect works. Also a lot of archetypes share common effects in part, so once you learn what a deck's gimmick is you know what to expect. For example, basically all maindeck Burning Abyss monsters (an archetype based on the Divine Comedy, Prof would proly like that) have the same self-summoning effect and a "if this is sent to the graveyard: do X" effect, with the same restrictions. In the end, the only words that matter is the very last sentence of each card so you quickly cut down on how much you need to read.  Yugioh cards do tend to have a ton restrictions and requirements compared to other card games, yeah, to the point where it's sometimes more than the actual effect like in the Pot. Because there's no resource system, the cards have to be limited by their text, otherwise we get 0 mana draw 2.   Anyway Prof is great.
Song used at 3:20? Does anyone know?
Thank you for making great videos for all us viewers to enjoy watching
Totally agree with the professor, some texts are just stupid.
My dude literally explained how a tournament winning Mystic Mine deck works, and he doesn't even play yugioh. How have we not banned this card yet?
I now want to see 'Magic versions of Yu-Gi-Oh Cards' and vice-versa.
Forgot to mention the Blue Eyes Ultimate Dragon retains lol  Nice to see card game creators working together and making content. And I think we can ALL agree with the professor's text gripes.
I know very little about Magic outside of Craw Wurm being the best creature ever, but this whole crossover you guys did with the Professor got me very interested in seeing more about the game. Thanks guys for bringing this kinda fun collabs to us!
👍👍💯💯🔥🔥
Imagine having the audacity to think it wouldve been a good idea to scrap The Professor saying that Mystic Mine is stupid
Don't understand why people have a problem with Mystic Mine. It puts a lot of decks in check and punishes poor deck building
Nice!
The stax player in me now wants to make a Mystic Mine Yugioh deck.
This is sooooo wholesome!!!❤
I have been waiting for this video for SOOOOOO long
You know the phrasing of your card effects is bad when an English major cannot comprehend them.
He isn't used to seeing foiled cards without any natural bend to them
To make Pot of Prosperity make more sense, it's basically Impulse but you look at the top 3 or 6 cards (the flexibility is important because sometimes you have everything else and just want a bit more interaction) with some extra downsides.   You need to be in a deck that can afford to banish monsters from its Extra Deck, but the card was crazy immediately. It also helps you get to choose what you banish, meaning you can remove monsters that are situational instead of combo pieces.   For Ra Sphere Mode as well, Tribute works pretty mechanically in an almost identical fashion to sacrifice. You get to Sacrifice three of your opponent's creatures to give them an egg which doesn't really do anything.
Okay so Mystic Mine is just a heavy stax piece on a single card
Dang not used to Prof dropping F bombs.
Hearing him say, "You've activated my trap card. " Great moment
Really enjoying these videos with the professor. My fave Yugioh and Magic youtubers in one place!
Are you guys posting the duel professor mentioned ? That was probably pretty funny
Don't even have to be a Yugioh player to Know that Mystic Mine is Evil.
Paul, this works just as well without your faces (isuues undeerstood).
1:21 becous it looks better
now you should try to do the same with pokemon card players since you did mtg and if you have a pokemon player series, you guys basically did ratings of the holy trinity of tcg games (yugioh, pokemon, mtg). time to go all the way and complete the trinity
It's propaganda and linvala mixed into one card.
I think you should be legally forced to show Mighty Master Endymion if you do this kind of show
This is awesome! I would love to see what the professor would build in yugioh, as a fellow merfolk player it'd interest me deeply
I would point out, Prof. that "tribute" is the exact same as "sacrifice" or "bury"
I love the professor ❤️
Did Anyone ever used BEUD as a defensive monster ????
They should have thrown Relinquished at him 😆
Brian, wtf are you doing here?
my birthday was on Thursday
I like the professor
I hope you do more vids with the professor. I want both of you to show what ridiculous, stupid, game breaking things can be done in both games.
New idea, get the professor to open a few different packs and get him to pick cards and send them in to grade. Would love to see how he does on seeing quality in cards and if he can get some gem mint 10s.
Dragoon is bad though
The Prof played his very first game of Yugioh and you didn’t film it??! This is a travesty!!
Magic versions of yugioh cards would be an interesting video
srry the facecam footage was lost because I KNOW there were some fire reactions from everybody, but hyped to watch anyway!!! :D
I want Team APS to give Commander a legit try and play a few rounds, because they may discover the amazingness of playing an actual game instead of solitaire.
This is so fun to watch. Do you guys plan to also do other TCGs in the future?
Love this video a lot, other than prof going full potty mouth at the card text lol, his summery at the end seems spot on to me
Prof. Knows that Mystic Mine is the best card THE INSTRUCTOR, the best magictuber in TCC, would play!  MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHHA
I think that you guys should have actually found him some cards with less text. I think this was kinda mean.
It seems that Brian would prefer rush duels once they are translated into English.
Here's the thing with Magic, it's got clear text, sintaxis wise, even when it's long, it has a very logical preposition structure. Yu-Gi-Oh on the other hand is all over the place. Both games are fun AF, but for me, MTG edges it out due to clarity as well as variety of ways to play (formats).
🤘🏾😎
The Professor not only knows MTG, he's got yugioh pretty much worked out as well, Team aps these crossover have been class 👍
I would like to see you guys and the professor translate cards from one game to the other.
Hearing the terms "vanilla" and "staple" and kinda laughing when Prof says MTG has them like they weren't originated there 😅 the TCG crossover with this stuff is so cool to see as a player of both
love these crossovers, can't wait for a Magic Match and then a YGO Match and/or viceversa
This is why you make sure the face cameras are on your side of the field before resolving Mystic Mine.  Even with the technical difficulties, it was great to see the Card Professor evaluate these cards. Thanks for hanging out with him.
This guy is awesome on the channel
He's A PROFESSOR AND HE DOESN'T WANT TO READ!
I just pulled a Red eyes dark dragoon from a 2022 mega tin recently. Solid 👍
You know, this was waaay less bad than I thought it would be, without the face cams. You just kinda forgot about the camera angles, and just enjoyed the video :)
7:36 i would love to see this idea become a video! magic versions of yugioh cards sounds amazing :O
This was fantastic! Perfect timing after Prof's 30th Anniversary video.
For mtg players to understand ash blossom's power, it counters Ancestral Recall, Demonic tutor, timetwister, andas pointed out by the comments, entomb. PS other tcg players complain about the yugioh text, but we are gluttons of punishment for the game, we are the spec ops of trading card games, and are willing to endure power creep for our love of the game.
Professor should play some GOAT format.
"Man, please don't be a lot of text."  I can't imagine Prof's reaction if he saw Endymion's essay worth of text.
Audio is completely fine so glad you guys decided to upload this one
their should be a video where the professor rewrites the cards wording. also one where he creates his own cards.
Mystic Mine is just a Stax piece.  It dies to removal.
I love both of your channels and the professors contect. Please make more videos together
"This is stupid" *DING* lmao
I like the alt art of ash blossom better. Idk maybe just me
“This is stupid.” *Happy noise* Well played, APS, well played.
"And this one's evil." STREWTH MATE
Been waiting so long for this to come out: love you Professor and love you Team APS!
Great video as always. 😁
Yeah, if Konami simplified the language in YGO, that'd be great.
He had to have been taking the piss on Ultimate Dragon. No way MTG players are THAT sheltered from learning about other games
i think you guys need a translator who plays both games that can convey the respective equivalent of a card/effect in the other game. Great vid as always!
The constant prayers for less card text. I felt that in my soul
He should play GOAT format
The professor being confused with yugioh’s wording was legit me switching over from mtg to yugioh. They word the cards so terribly
Legit... you might get me back into Yugioh
I loved the confirmation sound when the professor said “This card is stupid” when reading Mystic Mine.
I haven't played magic since an opponent went painter grindstone on me.
Never played Magic before, but I do watch some of the professor content and I’m thrilled he’s dipping his toes into YGO!
7:42 Magic versions of Yugioh card text would be a dope vid!  Shame the facecam footage was lost, but still a great vid 😁
Omg yes they uploaded the video despite the lost footage, I'm so happy they did, it was such a blast!!
And people say magic is more complicated than yugioh
7:35 I would LOVE to see a video like this in the future
Yes! I was hoping for this follow up, thanks for the great vids!
I love this lol
Mystic Mine is litteraly the worst thing ever.
How about you guys read the card, while giving the opponent the same card. The game itself is hard enought, atleast help them understand the cards.
Almost at 500k keep up the good work
You guys should do more of these, these videos are f***ing amazing.
Are we gonna see prof playing yu gi oh 👀
The professor did more reading of yu gi oh cards that we're doing while playing
reading ygo cards is really easy: you just look for the words (quick effect) and a little ;
I’m proud of the Professor for figuring out why Mystic Mine is good, but I also hate that the Professor figured out why Mystic Mine is good. 😂😭
I’d love seeing him try to translate yugioh cards into magic, could be fun to see how simplified we can get.
Even though the facecams were lost this is still a great video! Thanks for sharing!
"how do you read these?" "here's a secret: you don't" it's just that easy lol
Ha ha the truth, no one reads the cards until something doesn’t work on master duels
Commence Operation: Effect Text Overload! Let's see how well The Professor can read through problem-solving card text 🙃😈
Hope we see more collaborations like these. Seeing people from separate TCG’s discussing about them in one place is great.
These collabs have been super great.
He really said. How do you read this!? 😂
This has been the crossover of the century.
So glad seeing videos like this honestly it's great for the TCG community in general
I'm here from the Prof's community! So glad y'all hooked up and made some videos, you guys do great work
Glad to see a creator of my current and favorite game collabing with creators from the game I grew up with and got me into tcgs even if I don't play it anymore still love the content.
*Big thanks to the Professor for squinting through all the Yu-Gi-Oh card text! How do you guys think he did?* 😆 Now watch us react to Magic the Gathering cards! https://youtu.be/CMEuWA_5ZrI
Nice to see Tolarian.  Great channel and great guy. It’s fun to see how someone who plays MTG reacts to YuGiOh and vice versa. Especially as someone who plays both.
Yessssss!!!!
Aaaaaay i was just thinking about this video
He look like Harry from Dumb and Dumber
yay
Yo I am first
