New videos coming up soon! The long ones! Like league of extra ordinary heroes! That’s probably the next major video coming out! let’s get this one too 200k likes though!
Whats going ooon 🤣😂😂
“You hoed the other 16 whales” best line lmfao.
Shinobu
Shinobu be like in the big 'Finity Castle
Everyone may be dead but the important thing is he’ll still have his poison.
Sasori in a nutshell
Dope on your manz   Pulling up everyday on your manz   Speaking to your manz   Putting your manz in the spotlight    Basically I want you to do everything on your manz    Cause I said NOT FANTASY money fake  Don't introduce yourself   Or pretend to be a rat when u do it
"Why you got a sword?"  Literally Itachi in 99% of his fights
He like a knock off akame
NOT FANTASY  If your man and squad can't make dope  Pull up on it  If your squad live a particular way that ain't comfortable for pov pull up on it   Basically if you see something odd about your manz   Puuuull up on it   I maaaade the claim the money fake   And I'm strategically tryna show u
[X] Spending time with people ✅ Spending time perfecting my poisons
I love the "yes" 😂. Because they all be saying that
A different lifestyle   U not forced to just doing it like this   Something brand new  No response tho but observe
A different lifestyle   U not forced to just doing it like this   Something brand new  No response tho but observe
Why is it every time leland is on the screen even if it’s a few seconds it’s so funny every time 😂
They be acting cocky like they are strong or something
"I have to win the fight" Is a lie. What he means is "I have to kill every human on earth, and then myself, in order to put an end to the evil that is humanity."
This is why if I somehow ever get isekaid, I’m asking for complete poison immunity.
The noise as he realizes he's been poisoned is too accurate 😂. Im watching an anime with a poison guy in it, and this video is all i could think about 😂.
In case you were wondering, increasing the UV rays would cook your skin, destroy your immune system, blind you and give you cancer. So this dude gave everybody Ebola, Stage 70 Cancer, blinded everyone and cooked all of Earth alive just to win this fight.
2:09 When the 3 hours of sleep catches up to you
I have to win the fight 🤷🏾‍♂️😂
The cars driving in the background lol
Desmond: Yes.  😂
4:07 Most powerful human and dog in the background. Doesn't even feel the poison.
rewatching this one is funnier
1:54 😂
This might be the worst thing that Desmond did in the RDCWorld Universe but this is also his calmest character lol
Their key trait is confidently standing still during every attack, because they've calculated the poison will take effect before the blade makes contact.
"This poison can kill 17 whales" "I mean, just 1 was enough"  But you're still alive so clearly he didn't poison enough whales!
Its giving mayuri kurotsuchi vibes 😅😅
Nah😂
Just seems like a good villain to me
Homie survived a poison that can kill 17 whales,an odorless poison that instantly killed a bystander the "most powerful" poison homie's goated😂
"Yes" "Poison"
Even in death he's still shaking his head out of disappointment
Desmond said yes 12 times
“Yes.” 😂
who stole that man's lunchbox to make him that trippy?
YES
3:44 Drake to Kendrick Lamar, circa 2024
😂😂😂
"One whale would'a been enough. Like, no human is survivin' more than one whale."  Bro, _you're standing right there surviving them other 16 whales!_
Desmond was born to be a menace😂
good shit
I mean The sun Part. kinda Sucks being the only human alive the real question would be then what after you basically poisoned the whole planet. And killed all life forms except for you.
2:07 - Bruh, that NPC death noise.
The villain could just stab him through all his monologues instead of waiting
Someone call the environment defense
That poison effect like getting hit with genjutsu😂
Dooooo
" i have to win the fight  " 😂
"You the realest villain.... thank you" i am literally dying now
Was it hemotoxic, hemolytic, or neurotoxic?
Kurotsuchi Mayuri be like
He has achieved causality manipulation! HE can affect matter in the enviroment to be toxic on a person.
Singed from arcane be like.
My poisons are too powerful for you traveler.
" I'll still have my poison " killed me
UV poisoning
This is really playing to win
“its basically poison thats all that matters” 💀
3:10 SCP-001 Proposal: When Day Breaks
I just saw your faces for the first time but thank you, I needed this shit
Villain who uses poison wins a battle for the first time in recorded history, details at 11
"Rest in peace!" Dead Guy: "Thanks, bro. 👍"
He knows that he’s ignorant. How ironically enlightened.
He put poison in the sunlight lmao
this is why i'll never respect sasori
Fun fact: if he started testing on one whale and moved up 1 whale each time, he would have had to kill 170 whales. 153 to get to 17, and another 17 when he reached 18 (to find the stopping point).
You do it by killing one whale, but then multiplying the amount of poison used by 17
That's why there is no universal rule on "how to apply a poison mechanic in a videogame"
0:39, Is this skit inspired by that HunterxHunter scene? Where Chrollo tries to poison Killua's father?
These video keeps popping up over time and i always watch it 😂
what happened to the 18th whale
This what it's like to talk to Trump voters.
The villain legit sounds like how Askin Nakk Le Vaar would talk in a more comedic 'power explanation' scene.
I can't lie, it's gotta be scary to be slowing dying and having a guy there staring as you perish
2:08 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
but... wait... 17 whales? 17 whales in a row? Or a whale worth 17 other whales? How would you measure 17 whales? If you poison a single whale, you're just poisoning a single whale. If you poison another, then its a singular whale, it doesn't makes it two, since its a singular whale
“I have to win the fight”😂😂😂😂😂
0:57 Bro saying that like he didn't just survive a 17 whale killing poison.
this made me remember my old novel…  poisoner: ain’t it hurt? This poison causes extreme muscle contraction. MC: jokes on you, i have a mask! poisoner: well, i am a sucide unit after all…*pull out a cig and smoke*  this poison is volatile btw. things fucking explodes
Is that the guy that fights pitbulls with fists? And have a metal chin?
Legend has it, Desmond turned that universe completely poisoned.
I put it in the skylight😂😂😂
Mayuri in bleach be like
You got a family?? Yes , “Fck em huh”? 😂😂😂
Desmond's facial expressions here were rich 😂
I have to win the fight
Wait, isn't that just Genjutsu?
3:10 == He's trying so hard not to laugh. XDD How many times did ya'll have to reshoot this scene? LCPLBELLIII 10.24.2024
Zan z yi
That is sooo good
"Do you know what you're talking about?" "No."
Leland grunting and randomly dying sent me💀
It's a necessary sacrifice lmao
3:30 == XDDD
VMMT 2:04 == LMAO == I did my job, Chris Kyle was protected == Until Congress got involved.
The well poisining stuff is real life shit that happened. Thats why you trust tap water more than a mountain oasis.
I like how he popped up off of the ground just to say that's selfish lmaoooo 3:21
This movie has a very strong environmental message.
😂😂😂😂 thank u bros😊❤❤
“Yeah…… yeah you trippin doe. You won” 😂😂
To be fair he did Tank those 3 poison's, i think it was necessary, though he should probably make more poison just in case.
2:48 Why does it give me Samuel L Jackson vibes lol?  *"YOU PUT THE POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT?!"*
Scratch?! Dude just look ashy
Poison is so lame.
people in london should be ok with the sunlight poision
"I have to win the fight "😂😂😂😂😂😂the determination
Forgot the part where the main character gets immune to poison via a flashback of frienship.
Cartoons comic graphic novel
You can just figure out if the poison kills a mouse and at what dosage, then multiply to get to a measurement that you want.
Yes.
You know that huh Yes  😂😂😂😂
How every mayuri fight be
:)
The poison takes effect when the protagonist  made an attack😂
“I put it in sunlight.” “YOU PUT THE POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT?!” “Yes.” 💀💀💀
Iocaine. Id bet my life on it. There are the princess's footprints. She is still alive... Or was an hour ago. If she is otherwise when i find her... I will be sorely put out.....
“Do you even know what you’re talking about?!” “No.”
You hoe'd 16 other whales😂💀
Ta ligado aquela faca envenenada do krolo
*Yes*
17 whales, his power level is unprecedented.
- American deception, lies, and media propaganda has no limits.... An American-Israeli agreement for the sake of America creates a sea corridor to Gaza, while Israel fires on the tents of the displaced in order to displace them via cargo ships to Europe, and also blackmails Hamas with assistance to the people of Gaza in negotiations.... This is the reality of American humanity and compassion#### -Then why did America impose the closure of the Rafah land crossing between Egypt and Gaza? It is closed and there are 2,500 trucks waiting for several months to enter Gaza? -At the beginning of the war, did not the Secretary-General of the United Nations appear at the Rafah crossing and ask Israel to allow aid to be sent in? -Why did America allow Israel to bomb aid trucks crossing from the Rafah crossing into Gaza with American weapons? Why does Israel allow Jordan, Egypt, the Emirates, and America to send aid by air, since the load of one plane is half the load of an aid truck, while preventing the entry of aid through the Rafah crossing, from which nothing can enter unless Israel inspects it? The answer is to starve, displace, and blackmail the people of Gaza with crumbs of aid Didn’t America prevent the sale of weapons to countries due to suspicions of human rights violations, and is it now supplying it to Israel for free at the expense of the American people? Biden said that there are no red lines for Israel.  -Humanitarian motives, this is a weak talk and not convincing to anyone. How can the state that provides weapons and ammunition to kill civilians in Gaza be the same one that provides them with food and humanitarian aid?! Choosing the port of Larnaca in Cyprus takes us back to the year 1982, when about 8,000 Palestinians were deported from Lebanon to Cyprus, and then to Tunisia, and the rest of the Palestinians were displaced to a number of Arab countries. ***America is committing war crimes against humanity by unlimited support for Israel with weapons to kill civilians, and also the crime of starving civilians through political pressure on Egypt and giving it promises of financial aid and loans if it closes the Rafah crossing.***America thinks itself deceiving the world by delivering aid, and at the same time it wants displacement and blackmail. Palestinians.- American deception, lies, and media propaganda has no limits.... An American-Israeli agreement for the sake of America creates a sea corridor to Gaza, while Israel fires on the tents of the displaced in order to displace them via cargo ships, and also blackmails Hamas with assistance to the people of Gaza in negotiations.... This is the reality of American humanity and compassion -Then why did America impose the closure of the Rafah land crossing between Egypt and Gaza? It is closed and there are 2,500 trucks waiting for several months to enter Gaza? -At the beginning of the war, did not the Secretary-General of the United Nations appear at the Rafah crossing and ask Israel to allow aid to be sent in? -Why did America allow Israel to bomb aid trucks crossing from the Rafah crossing into Gaza with American weapons? Why does Israel allow Jordan, Egypt, the Emirates, and America to send aid by air, since the load of one plane is half the load of an aid truck, while preventing the entry of aid through the Rafah crossing, from which nothing can enter unless Israel inspects it? The answer is to starve, displace, and blackmail the people of Gaza with crumbs of aid Didn’t America prevent the sale of weapons to countries due to suspicions of human rights violations, and is it now supplying it to Israel for free at the expense of the American people? Biden said that there are no red lines for Israel.  -Humanitarian motives, this is a weak talk and not convincing to anyone. How can the state that provides weapons and ammunition to kill civilians in Gaza be the same one that provides them with food and humanitarian aid?! Choosing the port of Larnaca in Cyprus takes us back to the year 1982, when about 8,000 Palestinians were deported from Lebanon to Cyprus, and then to Tunisia, and the rest of the Palestinians were displaced to a number of Arab countries. ***America is committing war crimes against humanity by unlimited support for Israel with weapons to kill civilians, and also the crime of starving civilians through political pressure on Egypt and giving it promises of financial aid and loans if it closes the Rafah crossing.***The turth is America thinks itself deceiving the world by delivering aid, and at the same time it wants displacement and blackmail. Palestinians.
Read a Chinese novel once where each character’s power level was measured in wooly mammoths
"You an ignorant villain. You know that right?" "... Yes."  Im dead...   from the poison...
"Haha, behold, my third, most deadly poison!"  Me: Gamma Radiation?  "I amplified the UV rays!"  Me: Close enough!
"Do YOU know what you're talking about???"  "NO!!!"  Lol! Man... This is just too funny! 😅😂😂🤪
"Yes" - poison ignorant villain
Green tea in jojo
0:10 on beat
Ik Desmond trying to hold his laugh
When ever Des said yes and thank you the more laughs
Looks like a Dialogue where Raytheon become self aware ..
"I put it in random spots across the planet" Omg I can't lol
Only thing wrong with this is the poison guy like never ever ever wins.
if me i say boy i high😂!
毒
*Dies in disapointment*
" That you got a family" line would hit a lot of Naruto characters deep
this is great
No point in telling you nothing. You ignorant
The smile kills me.
Dude over here on his Kurotsuchi timing 😂
This was actually perfect, i cannot imagine worse ending for a hero than the realization that the villain is not powerful and smart, he just failed to stop him.
YES! 😏
bro doesn't even die with rage, pain, or sadness, just straight up disappointment in this man
When there's no one left to poison, the poison is all you have, but I guess it doesn't matter to this guy
When Leland falls down I laughed so hard
the whale joke was stolen.
Subbed in the first 20 seconds. This content is gold.
Hamlet…..
“Thank you :3 “ -Desmond
"Yes" 😂😂
He had to win the fight.
Bro got that knock off akatsuki fit. Where’s the clouds bro   (Edit) he is also holding the katana wrong but like I’m a bit of a perfectionist so yeah
Blame Desmond for skin cancer
"Think, Desmond! What will you have in 1000 years!"   "My poise-yn. Ill still have my poise-yn."
“Joke’s on you, my sword is coated with tetrodotoxin and I have an antidote in my pocket. What’s that? You’re paralyzed and can’t breathe? Well that’s no fun. I’ll give you the antidote for free this time, but NEXT time, you won’t be so lucky.”
Stain.
This man is doing evrything to just win the fight  Dont care family
2:48 That boy was finna break character 😂😂
Bro who's gonna make you food?
So straight up, why do black people love Naruto and dragon ball so much?
“Yes” by the far the best line of the whole video
TECHNICALLY that’s venom
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
That's literally how ppl are in Naruto 😂
That shit really weak! Im crying 😂😂😂😂😂😂
That cut to Leland dropping dead was one of the biggest laughs I’ve gotten from this channel 🤣
I mean mark lived through most poisons so Desmond really needed it to beat him 😂
So Desmond is responsible for that one show where the people are in the airplane trying to outrun the sun😂
LMMFAO 😅😂
marvel aint got nothing on this
Dude used When Day Breaks 😂😂😂😂
The head shake before he went!!!  😂😂
One whale is sufficient
Poison and sword hhmmm giving major shinobu vibes
The way Leland fell when he entered the poison atmosphere 😭
Bruh sasori is a scary person to fight if sakura didnt find that rare cure bruh kankaro rip naruto rip kakashi sending chio and sakura to deal with sasori was a great team leader call kakashi and shikamaru was a genius combo
“No….but it’s basically poison and that’s all that matters” LMAOOO
I have to win the fight 😂
"you got a family?" 'they have to die, I have to win the fight" 🤣🤣🤣.
This is lowkey their funniest skit 😂😂‼️
That’s selfish
When the bad guy feels bad, talk no jutsu is on the way
Whats inaccurate is the fact he only has 3 poisons.
bro basically decided to put the earth in a cancer microwave
cough shinobu from demon slayer
the thing is people would still be left discord and reddit mods will somehow have to carry humanity back we're doomed
I have to win the fight
do you have the antidote what are you doing :yes thats selfish😂😂😂😂
Me: This is a bit far fetched Also me: Watches episode of anime where villain poisons a thousand fish and throws them at hero Me afterwards: Never mind
Bro 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
literally sasori and sakura
Greek mythology telling you how you get skin cancer:
His "Yes" was so consistent, it sounded like a soundboard! ... Or Davie504
Guy with poison is like me venom user in blox fruit
"you're just a villain you know that?" "yes" idk why but the way he answers is just too funny
And then you have Itadori(Jujitsu kaisen) who is immune to poison.
I drank poison as a kid, so now i'm immune to ALL poison ever!
Not accurate. He didn't cough blood
"You just ignorant" I bust out laughing
i loved the part where he said "yes."
As a professional weeb I can agree that this is true 😂😂😂😂
this reminds me of that silly guy in gachiakuta
I haven't seen anyone killed by poison in animation though
sasori vs naruto characters
I mean... if you kill one whale with poison- killing fifteen more doesn't prove anything.  You need science to prove that a dose would kill sixteen whales- which you don't need to kill any whales to do... save for maybe one or two.
"i amplified the uv rays" and "it's basically poison"  this man just gave everyone cancer
forgot where he wakes up and someone magically has a cure
I think when they mean it can kill 17 whales it doesn’t mean killing them one by one lmao
By the end of their dialogue I was imagining a story in which a villain essentially dooms the whole world, and when the world sends it's best hero to stop the villain, the villain defeats them, and I imagine the hero spending their last minute of life pondering the fate of the world once the villain remains the only living person in it. Who will replace the civilization that the villain has destroyed? After all, there was always a civilization in this world, so there must be a new one in the future, right? Someone will inherit this world from us. As for the villain, they're mad, yet to know true isolation.
Acshully thats venom and poison
The MC was using “talk no jutsu”
Me wondering how he didn't poison himself:🤔🤔🤔>🤗>😂
This mortal doesnt understand a world free of the scourge of mortalkind is beautiful! Its divine justice!
Mark: "Man I feel you really don't know what you're talking about honestly I-" Mark: "Do you know what you're talking about?" Des: "NO. But it's basically poisonous it's all that matters." Mark: (ಠ_ಠ)
This poison can kill 17 whales. Haha I'm not a whale
3:06 sword: “do you know what you talking about?”  Poison: “no. But it’s basically poison”
😂😂😂
Howd he get posioned he didnt consume any poison
This is literally the ending of demon slayer
Should be one of the most overpowered things. Unfortunately, everyone is immune or has a cure to poison being used.
"yes but ill still have my poison."
When he becomes good, his 17 whales gonna become 3 guppies.
Protag: D-Do you know what you're talkin' about?   Antag: NO.
This is how I felt playing God of War 😂😂😂😂
It took the whole world to "win the fight"🤣🤣
You gotta family?  Yes. Fuck em huh? 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Leland’s HGNH as he went down still makes me laugh
Bleach be like
teemo players
hahahhahaaaaaaaaa 2:10 hahhaaaaaaaaaa
My man just created scp-001 when day breaks
“Your right but I’ll still have my poison” lmfaoooo
Poor whales 🐳 🐋
And that's how when day breaks happned
He amplified the uv rays meaning he gave them cancer
Its basically poison. 😎
What about your sword   I need it to cut people…so i can poison them
Poison is all fun and games until you meet an android...
theyre always super hot for some reason
Little did mark know, his family was on the other side of the planet
Wild
"Why would you do that to the environment?" 😂
How tf do u test that?😂😂😂
I’ll remove the ozone layer         that’s the layer that’s protecting us from all the dangerous Radiation from the sun light
they alwatys have poison cubed
This turned into SCP 001 When Day Breaks
“Yeah but that’s the environment though bro”🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣I need it to cut people so I can poison them
"I amplified the UV rays."  Man just accelerated global warming to an extreme level-
A.K.I from SF6
Wait how is the villain ok he breathed in the poison to?
😂😂😂
Thats the legths you have to go to to kill the protagonist
Imagine the protagonist was killed by some other dude,  then the guy in this video would have done all this and killed everyone for no reason
I laughed so hard at this, I couldn’t breathe, I almost died!!! Then I read the comments to reliving it and laughed so hard, I failed off the chair. Then I watched it the second time and still barely make it to the end! There must be poison in the light coming out of the video!
This is why i hate poison users, I'm always like " this is bullshit!"
poison is cheesy
The snicker @ 0:18 lololol every great villain has it
Anime MCs after surviving a poison that could kill 78,309 Micropachycephalosauruses with 1 mL:
they always develop resiatance in 2 minutes
I played a warlock in world of warcraft. Our power was poison and DOTs, (damage over time) I was fighting a guy in a duel once. He was so happy that he did his killing blow. Before the "you died" screen came up I laughed and said, You may have struck me down, but you're dead as well, look at all my poisons on you. He had a sliver of health and 90 seconds left on 6 poisons on him ticking as the "you died" screen came up. He was cursing me, calling it unfair.
Bro deadass made a less powerful scp 001
Lol, you guys are hilariously.
R.I.P Leland💯💯
2:44 “What is this?” Ebola
He wanted to be accurate you know 😂
I like how the sunlight one actually make sense and the more he explains it the more it makes sense and then he says idk
The A.K.I trailer in SF6 be like
“That means it’s basically poison 😏”. Lmao
jojo and baki:
best line  "that means its basically poison"  also, he doesn't know what he talking about lol  except poison
Thanos makes a lot more sense now
It's a villain, mf won't care if he kills for no reason😂
When the villain said "I still have my poison" I think I know the reference... Poison is a very cultured street fighter choise~😏
I have the feeling the virus we are facing lately is because of this anime villain too... He's making lots of sacrifices for that fight omg so selfish...
Good thing the poison smeared on the protagonists sword handle didn't have time to kick in
I like how it started of as a battle between two then turned into poison effects. Then turning into a sad talk about the poison hurting the environment, people not doing anything with the fight, using the poison to affect the UV rays of the Sun, the sunlight going to kill everyone in the world. Only the antipode is only used by the villain. The family has to be sacrificed. And he will still be making more poison and be more powerful. And he is an ignorant villain all because he has to win the fight.
Do you know what you're talkinng about?  No, but it's basically poison and that's all that matters
Idc mayuri using posin is awesome
I have the exact same training katana
It’s so accurate how the poison waits to work only when the MC attacks for dramatic effect and doesnt do anything else until it kicks in again
Great content
Its giving pretty much Shinobu
The only antidote this brothers needs is some goddamn chapstick 😅😅😅
Mmmmmmmyess!
😂 I have to win the fight.😂
The most satisfying "Yes"  i have ever heard
I love how he could be dying on the floor but the moment he feels the need to call out the villain he suddenly has the strength to right himself and talk normally.
I have to win the fight
Qqqq uuuu
Fun Fact: Poison Characters never have lethal enough poison
wild
Really called out demon slayer like 😭😭😭
You forgot the part where the only likable side character dies because the villain touched them
just a villan 😂😂🤣🤣 y the camera quality so good, this ma favorite
Bro fr if it touches you even once they start giving you a whole history, lecture, note about it 😭
The thumbnail already got me giggling
the villain says all of this in the sunlight
“i amplified the UV rays” “what how? also what does that even do?” “i destroyed the ozone layer, also it gives you cancer” “WHAT? CANCER? damn bruh you more evil than griffith”
😂😂 for real man.
(Keel already!) My inner monologue as mobs power through all the status effects I throw at them.
Looking at sasori vs lady chiyo and Sakura, the entire fight im thinking: right but like…he’s put so much poison into the air you breathed it in five minutes ago even if you “dodged” the 4 20 meter poison clouds, 20,000 poison darts, and giant piles of poison covered metal flying around. You took the antidote waaay after you were dead. Great fight though.
🤣
"but why though? no human is surviving more than one whale" *Survies*
Des always plays the best villain😂
What about a planet made purely made of poison :)?
This is Shinobu and… 😭
sasori 😂
“Thirty seconds until the poison kicks in.”
POV Luffy vs Magelin
demon slayer😊
so either he killed 1 whale & thought „i wonder how many whales it can kill“ & tested the poison on 2 whales, 3, 4 ….. all the way up to 17. which means he killed all in all 153 🐳 whales
hero : when i was a little kid the bad guy : F@Ck
It took me forever to understand the the title lol.(read the comment twice)
Yes
The villain just really liked scp and saw scp 001
There's no fairness in the fight. The video team is directing poison with the reflector.
3:12 bro just gave everyone on earth instant cancer
yes
Yes
"We both gotta live here."  "I mean...do we?" *stab*
Honestly accurate
wheres the moment where the MC goes  “I can barely move” then proceeds to move better than any athlete nor acrobat on earth
Isn't this....that one fight in demon slayer. During the final arc?
@xehther said this video
Anime characters be overriding chemical reactions in their body by getting angry and trying really hard
At least he still have his poison
*yes*
I like the whale joke but still have to say. It's more about calculation and dosages. Chemists/biologists would know this and I guess you'd count as one of those if you're making your own poisons.
At least he rich from all that ambergrease.
Um it’s actually venom not poison because poison is something you digest, eat, or bite for it to actually work. 🤓☝️
The ultimate poison, skin cancer
He.  Had.  To win.  The Fight.   Man is that so hard to Understand….
Bruh, why you do my ex gf so accurately?
Definitely was tengen 😂😂😂😂
I really like how to villian just keeps on saying "Yes, i had to get more powerful".
And they still always lose
And this was only the sub villain that works for the final boss who he apparently just killed accidentally
Anime is shit, and to those with an anime character as their profile pic..  Youre just as ridiculous as this skit
They be putting that stanky in that poison🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
It was necessary. I have to win the fight
This is hilarious af
Yeah but that’s the environment you knowm sayin 😂😂😂😂
“yes they have to die, i have to win this fight…yes…yes..yes” all of that got me dead
lol
😂😂😂😂 this a classic man
"I would have never even had beef with you if I knew you would go this far" 😂😂😂
Midway through the fight the poison is forgotten
To get 17 whales as a measurement did he test it on 18 whales lmao
shinobu be like
"do you know what you talkin about" "no."
I’m sorry, I am so proud of these guys and everything they have accomplished but they are just not funny to me. The skits are relatable to me as an anime watcher but the jokes just never hit for me😔 I wish they did but oh well I guess I will just watch some Long Beach Griffey
Man gave him skin cancer and called it poison
“Only for me.”  “That’s selfish.”  This was so funny to me.
When you try to fight your dad but he uses his fart attack
How is he not die yet?? And how did they bith save this long with everyone in earth?
As someone who would totally be a poison/trap/bomb user, i would totally be like this.
The matter of fact “I put it in sunlight” kills me
All that’s missing is the heartbeat sound when the poison kicks in
Um ackshually 17 Dead whales would be great for the environment. They sink to the bottom and feed hundred of thousands of animals and can feed them for YEARS. afterwards They'll take shelter in the bones of the whales, and plants will use it to grow. Basically Everytime a whale dies ocean critter jitter with excitement
People with Poison Tolerance: “Was that supposed to do something or?..”
if it kills 17 wales but 1 kills a human what are you??????
Do u kno wat u talkin bout?...NO
Every Poison user
One of the worst ways to die by poison/drugs is in bleach when the main science captain fights an Espada. He makes that guy feel like 10 seconds is 1k years. Jeez
Bleach fights in a nutshell
Sasori
ez
0:57 😂 As he continues the conversation.
POV the people who were just trying to take a normal walk in the park during this skit
“Rest in peace” 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I honestly expected him to say: this scratch poisoned me? damn n**ga, that shi fckd up
you know what you talking about. "No" had me dead
Ben saw this video and decided he gonna hoe everyone on for honor dont think we didn't notice
2:09 why is that noise so funny? i literally can't stop replaying!
Your videos are super hyper I guess started my own YouTube how do u get more people to follow your videos keep doing your thing god bless u man your hyper funny
i like how this gets recommended after i watch entertainment disctrict from demon slayer
I mean, he did win the fight, which is more than most villains can say..
“I feel it yeah I feel it taking effect”
"I amplified the uv rays" "What does that mean" "That means it's basically poison" "Do you even know what you talm bout" "No"
Side characters always be dying to poison villains lol.
😁😆😅😂🤣💀
😅😅😅😅 i wasn't ready 😅
3:09 is the funniest blink I've ever seen
Weird how nobody in anime who gets poisoned ever pukes and shits all over the place.
One of the funniest and one of my fav skits from them😭
“Yes.” -Desmond.   😂😂
I have to win the fight!😂😂
finally a worthy villian
I would kill him just for retribution of the 16 whales.
Poison users really hoes Bruh 😂😂😂
Ben in for honor
Well in Desmond's defense. The dude did survive the first poison. So technically the whales had to die. Also he had to win the fight. 😂
The random way Desmond talks in this is hilarious
„Yes“
The greatest villain of all time
HAHAAHAHAHAHAAHAHA I CANT STOP LAUGHING 🤣
this had me crying ngl
"Yeah it's pretty strong I can feel it taking effect " 😂
mayuri from bleach
After all that, you still haven't tasted my strongest poison, *Time* I poisoned time itself so everyone that's inside this timeline will die
Idk why I thought it was poison through SF
“I feel like you don’t know what you’re talking about. Do you know what you’re talking about?”  “No! I just know that its poison & that’s all that matters” 😂😂😂
2:07 Best Part. Hands down.
Plot twist he’s actually a hypnotist and just BSing most of it.
2:08 *HNGK...*
I love the implication that Desmond pretty much has the cure to cancer.
These vids got me dying of laughter🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Demon slayer in a nutshell 🤣
How people use poison in real life:  *blows up a bathroom*
one of the my favs  comedy gold
This is one of my top five favorite short videos. In fairness RDCworld1 occupies the first five of my ten favorite any length YouTube videos 👍🏾 💯
Or the poison just kicks in right after they win and another enemy comes and it’s GGs
Yo I’m a really good player and no you don’t earn a flawless when receiving any damage even chip.
After you drink a cardi b McDonald’s meal drink
This whole video really just caught me off guard, but its so accurate. Good shit 👏🏽
this man is frost from dbs. on steroids.
It kills me how they gotta explain their shit to such detail that the protagonist usually finds a way to fight it off because they reveal a weakness.
I’m a 1/3 of the way through Inuyasha, and this is the most accurate fuckin thing I’ve ever seen 😂. Dudes gettin poisoned every single episode. Half the plot is fuckin poison 😂
3:00 I thought he was gonna say I gave you cancer.
The bigger question is how did you get that tiny bit of poison into all 17 whales. Did you cut it up into 17 nanoliters and put each into them
When people say it's enough to kill a lot of something does that mean like a bit of it on 1.thing killed a lot of others
This is one my absolute favorite sketches
If you read the comments you are now poisoned I have poisoned all the comments
Fighting a chemistry teacher:
Wait so not only he killed 17 whales to be accurate  But he also committed genocide by poisoning the sunlight?  man he is probably the most evil villain ever lol 😂
“Yes.”
I will live my life with poison, making poison, drinking poison, watch poison videos with my poison girlfriend
He knows hes an ignorant . Not so ignorant after all.
How am I even supposed to believe he's a clever antagonist if he never even pushed up his glasses in the sunlight?
I amplified the uv rays.. classic!!
Headband guy is going through the stages of grief five times
Coming back to this video when Askin shows up in Bleach
I guess his poison is only activated by physical exertion and adrenaline production.
What’s the point in saying it can kill 17 whales. Once it’s injected into the whale, it’s staying there. It ain’t going into another whale
Look at him 😂
We gotta both live here
Ah so Desmond is the reason for the show (into the night) when the people have to run away from the sun in a plane and stay on the night side lol
Ni&&@ sound like sasori
You could basically do the same video with Itachi and genjutsu.
One of my favorite videos
You put the poison in the sunlight???
Reminds me of Ceaser from One Piece.
They have to explain the poison for it to work I swear lmao
The waffle house has a new host
Mannnn I hate stupid villains
Don’t forget the main character somehow overcomes the poison like it’s nothing
The captain for the research department in soul society
When he said he amplified the uv rays I thought he was about to say he gave the protagonist cancer
The random car at 1:04 be like: is that kid on crack or somethin?
Sasori of the red sand 🦂 🩸 🏜
Idk why but this is too funny for me
Man gives him skin cancer and calls it poison
This video is a lie. The MC died without even remembering his precious moments with his loved ones...
Hero:WHY ARE YOU DOING THIS  Villain:is it..cause I'm fucking evil
No one: Literally no one Desmond: yes
One,it's about speed,the stronger poison acts faster
these skits are hilirious and serious at the same time i might have to  binge watch every skit on this channel in a whole 24hrs
In the sunlight . LOL!!!
when dis nigga leland passed out😭😭😭😭
bro DRUNK☠️
The best part of this video is Mark being basically incapacitated and the second Desmond says something outta pocket, suddenly Mark is standing up completely straight like there's no poison at all.
“Do Drake got that shit the world wanna hear again? Didn’t Desmond just give you food poisoning?”
Are you a doctor or sometn
Good poison means one is a good chemist
funny haha
These nerds watch a lot anime, you can tell
He gave him cancer.
Don't worry! The poison doesn't seem to work unless you try to attack v.v
That smh of disapproval was everything😂
U killed 17 wales? 😂😂😂😂😂
Radahn fighting Malenia:
Sasori would be proud
the way he says "I have to win the fight" every time and "Yes" makes me fucking crack up
U is some crazy mofos lol
I cut people, so I can poison them 😂🪦⚰️
Youputthepoisoninthesunlight??
Crocodile vs Luffy be like
Nah but fr he a villiAn 😂😂
😂😂😂
My question is who uses these weak ass poisons just use datura they just have their system shutdown in litterly like 2 minutes don't ask how I know this
I'm crying!!!!!!!!!! 😂🤣🤣😅🤣🤣🤣😅😅😂🤣😅😅🤣😂😂😅😅😅🤣😂😂
Yeah I mean I guess you wanna win the fight but it's the environment, you know?  Oh my God this is wonderful
This is how k2 had me before it killed ppl
That’s some JoJos shit they be making powers outta nowhere
Scp 001 be like
after watching episode 199 of bleach... this is valid
The 18th whale unlocking his sharingan after his clan was murdered: 🗡️🐋
shinobu from demon slayer: this is actually the perfect example
😂keep these types of skits comin guys
Reference to Hxh special knife with poison and measured by whale 😂
Shinobu be like:
Men's really said I'm just going to give this dude skin cancer
That is as realistic as you can get
I think he's going to get dropped what they say
And if that sunlight poison does not work.i put poison in the air.
🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂I love it’s plot 🤔.
this was so funny, i watched over 60 times.
I thought after he said he amplified the UV rays he was gonna say “now you have cancer”
Only the seemingly strong gimmick characters use poison
Amplifying uv rays is basically radiation and that's basically poison in a way.... radiation poisoning. Worse way to die from...
YES!
I can’t believe I’ve watched this 6.8 million times …  “my most powerful poison”   Ay yo bruh strong AF if a dude literally like walked through the other poison probably wasn’t even breathing as he did…
“Ain’t no point in tellin you nothing, you ignorant…” Single greatest realization line that could ever be spoken😂😂😂
Yes only for me😂😂😂
Stronger then Madara
Yes
Brah U d realest villian 😂😂😂
“I have to win the fight” 😭
17 whales is crazy
This dude literally made watching anime cool😂 nobody was watching that shit till this guy start making videos
Everything out here complaining about how white people are appropriating black culture, but black people have literally appropriated anime/manga 🤷🏻‍♂️
I mean the UV thing could give everyone radiation poisoning?
Japanese kill whales for fun so it's not surprising that an anime villan only killed 17
"Seventeen whales?" "Yes." "... What, you killed seventeed whales?" "... Yes...?" "Why though. One whale could've been enough, nobody's gonna survive that" "Alright- listen. You try to buy a vibrator on an off-brand website and then tell me how it goes. I definitely did NOT want that many whales" "Buy a... What?" "Like, what the hell am I gonna do with all these whales? I need to use them for something" "You tried to buy a vibrator...?" "..................I still have leftovers.....Wanna buy some whales?"
“I have to win the fight”
But I still have my poison 🤣🤣
I like this channel because they are so funny.
I'm crying bro lmao
“Yes”
04:04 That man's love for his poison is still better than Twilight...🤣
03:12 I was dead laughing...🤣
Mark - “What about your family”? Evil Desmond - “I had to win the fight” Evil Desmond Family - 👁️ 👄 👁️
I lost it at 17 whales, bro. 😂💀
And where is the power of friendship? See. That's what happens if you don't get friends 😌
He should have put sunscreen
at least he still got 25000 - 17 whales to fight
"I amplified the UV rays" "What kind of poison is that?!??!" "Cancer"
Was this a shit a kurama from yuyu hakusho for spreading those plants across demon world like 500 years before the fight
I love how dense this character is😂😂😂
THE LITTLE JIGLE IM DYING
So we just gonna ignore how this nigga still alive 💀… bro took 3-4 poisons
Reminds me of deidara lol
Mr Collateral here killing the world for one guy
Mr Collateral here killing the world for one guy
Plot twist: he is Killua
Stand User: Desmond Stand Name: Poison Stand Attack: Poison'd!
jajaja
Yo why is Leland always so randomly funny
man used mangekyou
you forgot to add the heartbeat sound effect
Amplified the UV rays 😅 The UV rays are actually stronger now in real life 😅😅😅
Dead.
Ah the classic talk no jutsu, touche.
😂😂😂😂😂
There was only one poison that made him hallucinate the most impossibly powerful villain.
"Do you know what you're talking about"  "No but its basically poison that all matters" Bruh im ded 💀
Y E S
If it didn't even break the skin, how did it work? 🤣
Dealing with a situation that is similar to this....very frustrating.
"Yes, I have to win the fight, so it's a sacrifice that I need."
This is so hilarious
" 16 whales" 😭😭😭
0:44 *jakesm scretch his liver*
Whale killer: real anime antagonist
yes
“In the sunlight” hahahahahahahahahahahah
“That’s really weak “ 😂😂😂😂
“No human is surviving more than one whale.”  *survives more than one whale*
This was great lol
I am going to die laughing reading the comments
Best part is the random background character dropping dead lmao
Jojo fight
Reasons why anime is trash
I know this is a but ya'll just made the strongest poison using swordsman in anime
Yes
That’s selfish😂😂😂
Mayuri is many things but ignorant is not one of them.
"Poison seller, I'm going into battle and I need only your strongest poisons"
I have to win a fight ..bms 😭😭😭
You put the poison in the sun light 😂😂😂😂
He said this poison is enough to kill 17 whales..how do u know that 😭😭
That thumbnail .tht shit bill Cosby BE USING 😭😭😭😭
The thumbnail SMFH 😭😭😭😭💀💀💀
Main character is chilling in tha background
bro s passionate bout his poison
did he actually kill those wales or he s just capping for the video.
I'll still have my poison HAHAHA
Oh so gamers are safe from the sun poison?
Whenever I see someone throw plastic into the waste bin  1:05
He’s just stands there while evil disturbing music plays in the background while he explains how he planned the entire trap while an instant replay zooms in and shows how he got scratched while the victim is sweating and breathing hard with blurred vision and in the end he says “Damn”
I think the poison has poisoned the poisoners head— he just only cares about poison now.   Also, the only way you know the poison kills 17 whales is you kill the first whale with poison, pull its blood out, mix it up a bit and get the same amount/dose (from the blood that has poison residue) and inject it to the next whale (rinse and repeat). The 18th whale is probably feeling pretty bad too; can’t discount that.
Certainly souds like an anime with it's terrible dialogue
"This poison is enough to kill 17 whales"  "Well im not a whale"
Nah, villain is still a noob. If he was a REAL poisoner, he would have put poison inside his poison.
Every jojo fight
Yes
I mean he's technically right, if he made UV radiation more powerfull it basically IS poison
Sword Art Online? Lol
The cars driving by as if there is no poison whatsoever. True protagonists
Its my poison, my kusko poison poison specifically made to kill kusko
Radiation poisoning
I mean, "one sip of this poison kills a herd of elephants" I thought was always understood that a tiny fraction of the same amount killed one elephant.  So maybe it's just a poison that can kill a whale and his weapon was coated in 17 times that amount because that was somehow convenient?
Ain’t no point of telling you nothing you just ignorant😭
LD50 and weight
If you use poison.. you already lost. Skilless bastards lol
Yiss..
I'm related to one of those whales
Yes
"you ho'd the other 16 whales" nahhh 💀 💀
Yes
so Desmond has the anti-UV ray cloak on or something?
“You put the poison in the sun light”
25% fighting, 75% talking. Accuracy 100%
Every "yes" uttered by Desmond hits the mark with me more than it prolly should
Unfortunately I don’t think whales have an important role in the ocean :( they do affect certain populations but nothing would collapse without them.. krill and small creatures will always have very high numbers with or without them, Orca whales do have a more predatory role , Polar bears can’t control the deer of sea by themselves haha but if Orcas did die maybe their would be more seals to save the polar bears 😢 idk
alot like how the brits used poison to make it look like russia
Hahaha hahaha this sh** is so funny
Him saying “I have to win the fight” 😂
When he looked at the camera after telling him the sun was poison 😂
lol
Mark:"Do you understand the words that are coming out of my mouth?"  Desmond: "Yes"
'You got a family? - Fuck em' huh?' Excellent
I kind of like this villians mentality. Yes
Why do villains honestly say “it can kill 16 whales” like that anyway. At some point they killed 15 whales and decided that they needed to kill one more
i can't stop watching these videos LULW
Mayuri when he poisons Szayelaporro
Maiyuri FR tho
Haha ceazy bro
But poison has no effect on camera man😂
“You just ignorant. You ignorant, you know that?” “Yes.” I died at how casually he said that, but also that he paused like he had to contemplate that for a second 😂😂😂.
So... how many sievert are we talking about when he says he amplified the suns uv rays? Cause hes gonna have to significantly increase that if he wants people to just die, otherwise hell just get them a sick stomach/burns/cancer and they might die days/months/years later which wouldnt be the most effective fighting power.
There's also the fact that the poison users never finish anyone off while they're crawling on the ground from the effects of the poison and then the anime protagonist always gets unpoisoned somehow
The secret to the sun poison is to be in a car. That person toward the end seemed unharmed.
😂😂😂😂
i hate it when anime characters just be really strong on a stupid way like i remember when madara says that with him only there will be only small differences on the map like screw you just do some cool moves with your hand and you can make gigantic titan out of your energy if fight were just like aot where its only realistic fights no cool beams or giant exploisins
Its no reason yall this damn funny
Its the moments of quiet thats the most funny.
Gosh Darnit, this is SOOO Funny!!!
He put poison in the sunlight 😂😂😂😂
if i ask a villain what weapon he use and he says poison, call me yhwach, cuz y’all watch me get the fuck outta there
Dis man so Stoopid bro. I had to subscribe
ths vid gets mi soo 0-0 thirsty,, y'all gawt heart, such encourirement here ( encourirement ~=~ encourage ++ inspire )() :))
I like how they go from anime acting to being realistic😂💯 he be like "but that's the environment bruh"😅
Like they say poison is a villains best friend
2:00 nigga just OD broke character 😂😂😂 that shit mad weak like im not even gon hold u lol
*"Yes.."*
-This poison can kill 17 whales. -How do you know that?
"Amplified the UV Rays" So you giving everyone on the planet skin cancer?
Well he can kill 1 whale with 1/17 dose  And call it with the power to kill 17 ehale
This is one of the best videos.
Shinobu vs the Spider Sister in a nutshell
The way Desmond says, “Yes”. 😂
My guy just commit a anime "When Day Breaks"
I wanted to be accurate lol
DESMOND IS TOO UNDERRATED 😂😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥
POV: You’re fighting Askin Nakk Le Varr
I need to win the fight
I can guess his Favourite Spiderman Villain/Anti Hero... WE ARE VENOM!
"I amplified the UV rays" I feel like this could reasonably be in Bleach.
"That's selfish... you got a family? Fuck 'em, huh?"   Bro, this shit had me dying 😂🤣🤣
killua would just keep fighting n mention his immunity to most poisons for the 728294th time
I see why Desmond was Madara lol
Shinobu be like:
It reminds me of bleach especially mayuri the amount of plannnjgn that goes through is absolutely insane/supernatural, where Dwight preparation is hilariously paranoid and Nathan for you is completely on it,  Bleach strat is almost considered a gag, like come on aizen planning ichigos birth but not planning his final getsugatensho 😂  Mayuri having a bankai that adapts to the opponents weakness 😂what type of convenient bull shit is that,   I’m glad there not human cuz that would be humanly impossible. 😂   Same with Batman they joke around with him cuz PREP BATMAN> all fiction 😂  At least with bleach u have shinigamai that lived for thousands of years bs Batman only being 30 😂
☠☠☠☠
17 whales😂😂😂😂😂😂
average sasori moment
They be the most heartless mfs too😂
"this poison is enough to kill 17 whales" "glad i dont have any whales on me"
The image of Desmond poisoning a whale while it’s strapped to a harness or something and then casually yelling, “next whale!” is an image that lives in my mind rent free.
bro, what happened to the 18th whale?!
yes
Wouldn’t the posion take affect of the villain aswell? Or am I just wrong?
"YOU DID WHAT!!!!!"                        "yes."
: you are a real villain  : thank you
Fun fact: The 18th whale survived
Literally *Magellan in a nutshell:*
Lol this is so Accurate 😂
A wise (and a bit fat) guy said: "I'm not perfect ...I never said It "
This shit funny af 🤣 😂 so much funnier when they're not screaming over each other
After the poisonous sunlight killed every single animal and plant on Earth Desomnd quickly that he didn't actually have anything to eat other than a few animals and fungi that live their entire lives underground. Desmond tried to hunt a few of the animals using his poison but he realised that since he was underground the poison had no where to disperse to. He ended up killing all of underground animals within a week due to this and ran out of food within a month
It's voice-activated poison...
I think the villain was an unreliable narrator.
Desmond reminds me of the evil green ranger
That nigga said “but why though” 😂
Am I the only one who heard it as Welsh?
Kabuto Yakushi approved 👍
Can anyone please tell me why it is "be" instead of "are" on the title of the video? Thank you
Am I many months late to say that this made me laugh till I snorted? Yes. 🤣
The way he keeps saying yes😂
Didn't know Stephen Curry watched anime XD
The fact that the poison should cause your organs to explode and the hero isn't dead by the shear volume of stuff not supposed to be in the veins when you pump them to the rim and try to water balloon pop them with poison when the shear pressure applied should crumple a submarine like it dug a hole in the trench out there in the Pacific ocean
"No human is surviving more than 1 whale." As he is surviving a poison strong enough to kill 17 whales 😂😂😂😂
Gyutaro vs tengen😂😂😂
*Him saying something* Desmond: *YES*
How can it be a scratch if it didn't break the skin?
Yes😎
Potion seller i need your strongest poison
1:35 my internal organs!! Aaah
He put the poison in the sunlight🤣🤣🤣 what!??
Yes
*You see, the problem is that he didn't have the #1 headband.*
LD50, it's based on weight. Most poisons it's scaled up to humans from testing on mice. So, yeah, 17 whales based on dose and weight.
You know you wouldn’t have to kill 17 whales to find out how many whales it would kill. If your hypothesis was correct you could find out how many whales you’d kill by only killing one, if not, you’d probably find a reasonable estimate by the second and third
Leylin toxic bile in warlock of the magus world
True ontologically evil villain. Solar poison? That's just cancer from solar radiation.
Look…he had to win the fight
17 whales is crazy😭
It talknojutsu
it's ok I must u breathing concentration
Lol why even fight 🤣
Black beard be like
Hilarious 😂😂
When he says his posion is strong enough to kill at least 440 thousand elephants
Carbon monoxide, the silent killer
Man, the word, “poison”, doesn’t even sound like a real word anymore
Russians who tried to posion Rasputin be like:
"I just injected you 20 liters of my poison!"  "How the hell you put some much poison in a Dart?"
1:35 almost right after this I threw up a little in my throat
bro funny af
Bofl! 😂
*_Anime MFs who use poison 🤝 MFs in Math Problems_*
Scene right from hunterxhunter comes to mind
What a weak talk no jutsu…
Yes!
I have seen a double poisoning in anime but then vegeta one shot him in the next episode after like 4 episodes
It's the way the villain says "Yes" for me!! 😅
"You got a family Yeah, Fuck 'em huh?"  That was so funny
He ain't villain he a psychopath
17 whales. Not 16. Not 18. 17.
3:39 - 3:44 that sums up this video perfectly 😆
Radiation poisoning! Poisoning from the sun
"I amplified the UV rays" I have ✨melanin ✨
He has to win the fight! Dang, well at least he dedicated
MC: you the realest villain!  Villain: Thank you.
Purple Haze:
*Pushes glasses on face* I the villain have poisoned you! Let's pause our death match as I go into elaborate detail on it's properties!
this man is really doing good if you think about over population rates
Mom: Honey stay away Me: Ites alright theyre anime fans just go with it...
Idk what I like more, the perfect delivery and camerawork or the lowkey political satire.
The way the villain says "yes" fucking kills me
he could have just killed 1 whale and multiplied the dose by 17 🤔
The way he says "yes" 😂 Also how funny would it have been if he said after his most powerful poison "it can kill, 24 whales" some random number and then it explain its in the sun lol
The parody on demon slayer lol
I thought this was calubcity lol
That smug look after the grin and "yes" is killing me 😂
I’m deaf and have Peyronies’ and seeing the comment section filled with full quotes from this 4 minute video ending with a laughing emoji helped me put together what happened, thank you
The innocent by stander though 💀😂🤣
You poisoned 17 wales really set the mood 😂
Broooo this mans whole point Is just poisoning ppl and yet he becomes the ignorant dumbass thatd kill the entire planet and still aiming to become stronger 😂 tf kinda logic this man have?
This is pretty much a classic episode of yugi oh
It killed 16 whales ? — asked the guy who’s as hot with it more then a minute ago and still alive
I have to win the fight too 🤣
"You a villain"  "Thank you"
Lol that man said yeah i feel it thought but you tripping had me cracking up laughing 😂 amazing video.
Earth is immortal I mean how trees die and yet they alive at the same time?. God took away human immortality but not earth immortality like bruh.
My question is how the villain isn't affected by his own poison
Desmond VILLIAN: YALL GOTS TO SEE IT THROUGH MA BOI
I hate when the suddenly stop the strike motion, it is like the remote control died in the middle of the fight
Caustic be like :
The head shake before death is always hilarious dude like he might as well not be a villain anymore after that all the heroes die, then the heroes kids die who want revenge, then the brother of the kids die who would want revenge for their brothers die, then their sisters who want revenge for their brothers die because of that sunlight poison he stupid for that skit 🤣
Villain : THe whales were a needed sacrifice for accuracy. and so was that random dude wh was kiled by my odorless poison.       Also the Villain : I i have no clue what im talking about, but the sun is now poison.
It’s funny how the poisoner wants to laugh every time he has to explain an other poison
Bro is fr a posion type pokemon
Why would you do that to the environment 🤔
*my other oderless poison* 😂 😂
you hoed the other 16 whales >:(
*"Yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes, yes."*
When he breaks out of character to say how cheap poison is takes me out 😂
shouldnt the villan die to the poisen he never said he was immune
😂😂gold! 👏🏾👏🏾
demon slayer reference
"I have to win the fight"
So that's why Day Breaks.
When Leland fell that shit was to funny 🤣🤣
Shinobu and Tamayo in demon slayer
Fr tho.
This is the first of your videos I've seen, and this is fuckin hilarious
How demons feel fighting shinobu LMFAOOAAOAOA
I like your videos
inaccurate, didnt show the mc waking up on the floor and the villian being gone and the mc saying "damn he mustve gotten away" under his breath
I love that the MC questioning the opponents abilities is enough to cure the two other poison that attacked him.
Kocho Shinobu literally made herself poison
Dude amplified the uv rays of the sun…..Well hope everyone likes skin cancer
True asf 😂😂 ..
i mean if he didnt do that he wouldnt have won the fight, so there is a point
The environment part was a surprisingly wholesome sentiment
“17 whales you just killed 16 of them for  no reason”
"you're the realist villian, you're tripping though" 😂🤣
I wonder how he tested killing those 16 whales. Did he try out 1, then added 2, then added 3 until he reached 16. If so that's surely more than 16 overall. But if he put all 16 whales in the tank presumably, hlw dod he know how many whales it could exactly kill?
For some reason I had a stroke just trying to read the title
I put it in the sunlight 😂😂
*cough* *cough* sasori..
Unless your like Tengen or Inosuke where you can just tank it. XD
Man that's the environment man. Messin' with the whales bruh you really are villain
😂😂😂😂🤦🏾‍♂️
I had to come back and re-watch some content. 🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂😭
Why this feel more like demon slayer than anything...
17 whales god damn nigga😂
I know this video is for comedic purposes but someone needs teach the guy with headband how to properly hold a sword.
Wouldn't you just put more poison to kill more whales? Like I could just put poison in every whale and say it's powerful enough to kill every whale someone pls explain
You have a family? Yes. Fuckem right. They have to die…I have to win the fight.
Jesus will forever love you ❤️ even after all the wrong you did in the past
When day brakes but people just strait up die.
Sasori
Greatest poison in the world: Global warming.
_Yes_
i LOVE the way the poison guy is talking
You know you're ignorant right? Yes
Script is better than most movies today lol
Wtf is a w
That guy riding past was like “wtf them niggas out there doing”
Tengen uzui:U Kidding me?!
"yes"
You amplified the UV in the sunlight?  Very smart...  But not smart enough!  *puts on factor 50 suncream*
Basically shinobu in demon slayer
Nice
and just as the MC's eyes about to close they have a flashback of a friend and suddenly they are cured! It's a miracle!
missing plot armor ??
demon slayer 😭
🤣🤣🤣
every time i hear that sound after he gets another posion i cant stop laughing harder
🤣 +16 whales for no reason
the villain be like: Yes🗿
The ending should be the MC got poison resistance because he absorb all that poison and plot armor
The joke is great, but 17 whales can just be measured by finding the lethal dosage and multiplying it by 17...
Consider this literally happened in an episode of Naruto
No no, it doesn't end there. He's about to have a flashback...
God loves yall
Me if I was a villian
venom, venooom!
Poison ☕
I love how the poison in the UV rays and in the air didn’t effect him until after he cut him with the sword 🤣🤣
Inaccurate, he doesn’t have a 20 cm tongue hanging out the side of his mouth and doesn’t laugh like kekekekekeke with a screech at the end
one whale would have been enough
Fuck, this feels like it came out just a few months ago. It felt like I watched it a few weeks ago, but a year? Damn.
“It’s basically poison” 💀💀💀
I would call bull on how fast it gets triggered, but synthetic poison is a Thing, that can be transferred by simply touching skin.
they forgot the part where he stops his heart muscle then becomes overwhelmingly overpowered :P
Sasori in a nutshell
That acting when he died was good asf
Still got it
I want to see an actual anime done by these guys. It would be hilarious!
This scenario applies to the globalists poisoning the air, food, water... worse is they say we are the ones doing it.
17 whales 😭
Everybody in the sun gonna die! Alaskans:
Cesar clown in a nutshell 🤡
Sasori in a nutshell
He can just respond i wanted to be sure beseide your not dead so don't question me
0:26 0:45 0:52 1:48 2:15 2:51 3:16 3:23 3:30 3:51 4:23
"You got a family." "Yes." "Fuck em huh." I'm 💀
This poison a menace lol
Not even I would go that far
How also, did he get to 17 whales, did he do multiple trials.
Very accurate
Ya know the funny thing is I'm pretty sure this is how anyone would react to a villian like this in real life.                                😂👌 Just completely disregard the intense  fight and just question the logic in his mentality and motives.
Apex Legends Caustic
Protagonist: Dies Plot Guardian: I will travel you through time to get back to the past 😎
The way he yes kills me🤣🤣
What nobody mentioned is, if Mark didnt keep asking questions maybe he wouldve had time to take down “the realest 🦹‍♂️ ” Desmond before all those poisons activated 😂😂. Died by talk no jutsu.
He’s wearing an akatsuki jacket with no clouds
U hoed the other 16 whales 🤣🤣🤣🤣
When you win a fight in the hood.  "imma kill everybody, i HAVE to win"
Why was he hurting the wells!?
Sasori ass nigga
You just ignorant 😂
So his most powerful poison gives people cancer LMAO
I amplified the uv rays 💀
That got emotional real quick
He basically committed warcrimes
Ignorance don’t matter long as you have your poison
How he play with the sun’s uvrays
me dipping my bullets in pig fat
Killua:
It didn't kill the 18th whale but did badly damage it. I still don't count it tho cause it didn't die.
Fate Apocrypha that queen semaramis poison was pretty lit.
Love how he shakes his head before he dies
Bro survived 3 poisons before he died bro, he super human
the best part is, if the skin didn't break how did the poison get in 🤣
Yes
“Yes” 😭😭
Redditors who never touch grass: *I have no such weaknesses*
Lmao 🤣😂😂🤣
He gon be living in a world with no bitches
"You trippin' though" got me dying 😂
“Yea, yea you tripping though you won”
Shinobu: 👁👄👁🦋
Where's the plot armor though.
Mark: "but why?" Des: "I have to win the fight "
I love it lol
For a sec I thought this was based off of Samurai Champloo
He actually killed 170 Whales in testing. If 1 drop can kill 1 whale, the next drop would have to kill 2 and so on. Until he reached 18, it only kills 17 of the 18.
How many poisons he had 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Literally first 5 seconds 🤌
Yes
Yep. He ignorant af
"But why harm the environment?? We both have to live here" haha well said MC, well said indeed. 😆
Those people who are immune to poison:
MC comes back to life in part 2 completely immune and somehow saves everyone cuz power of friendship and bullshit
I feel the need to remind everyone that he did not in fact poison the sunlight, he said he amplified the UV rays, he aint poison everyone on earth, he gave everyone cancer, and developed a cure for cancer only to use it on himself
“You tested it on 17 whales?? Why??”
16 whales is overkill. I agree. He wastes too many lives and he thinks too much. Selfish, indeed.
How did he Killed 17 whales with only a small dose of poison? How he poisoned 17 whales with a small bit of poison (not a small bit per whale, but a small bit for all the whales)
Bro i love this
The protagonist getting through deadly poison with nothing more than sheer willpower is such an anime trope it hurts.
Fucking cancer ray 😭😭😭
You've  one but at what cost?
"You poisoned me?"  *Yes*
oh no i got the smallest cut good thing now im poisoned and cant move...if only i could use poison to and win every fight
Fight turned into narto talk no talk jutsu
It always works like that every time poison is used in an anime it’s because “the villain coated his blade in venom” or something like that
It wasn't a necessary sacrifice bruh, you were careless there
A cure to cancer damn.
Wtf how
Lol
Man the poison antagonist be so annoying sometimes 😂
R.I.P 16 wales
"My poison is able to kill 38 humans" "Did you kill 38 people to test that?" "...."
Actually how some snake venom works
pretty sure he gave everybody cancer
MY MOST POWERFUL POISON!  *Skin cancer*
Seems alot like when Hector barbossa stabs Blackbeard With An Sword With Poison In Pirates Of The Caribbean Stranger Tides.
Is this a metaphor?
Later the villain died by a honey badger
For those who never heard and for those who wanna share it.  HERE IS THE MILLION-DOLLAR QUESTION: Will you go to Heaven when you die? Here’s a quick test: Have you ever lied, stolen, or used God’s name in vain? Jesus said, “Whoever looks at a woman to lust for her has already committed adultery with her in his heart.” If you have done these things, God sees you as a lying, thieving, blasphemous, adulterer at heart, and the Bible warns that one day God will punish you in a terrible place called Hell. But God is not willing that any should perish. Sinners broke God’s Law and Jesus paid their fine. This means that God can legally dismiss their case: “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.” Then Jesus rose from the dead, defeating death. Today, repent and trust Jesus, and God will give you eternal life as a free gift. Then read the Bible daily and obey it. God will never fail you....
*LAUGHTS IN BEING FULLY RESISTENT TO ANY KIND OF POISON EVER*
Yes
You held the sword wrong, right hand should be under r the handguard, while left is under right hand
This is just a bruh moment
This had me so weak. I started crying lmao
Erm actually it called venom if it’s on the sword 🤓🤓🤓🤓
"you got the antidote?" "yeah, but only for me"  man got the cure for cancer and only used for himself
*KARADAGA... OMOI.*
Imagine being one of the whales
Next thing you know he grabs poison cloud from minecraft dungeons
"I won, but at what cost?"
Hear how it works when they say when it happens that's when the poison decides to move around
For some reason this is too true
Jesus Christ is the son of God. He died on the cross for your sins.   Repent and be baptized every one of you in the name of Jesus Christ for the remission of sins and ye shall receive the gift of the Holy Ghost. Acts 2:38
sunlight kills everyone on earth? theres a movie bout that
0:47 i could say, i do math
You GOTTA do the classic heart beat noise when it kicks in lmaoo
trrf
Bro the third poison is just skin cancer
Lmfao! And accepts all of the "compliments" of being a villain. Yes, I know. Lol
"I put it in sunlight"  As a true gamer I am safe.
Desmond used Posion Fang! Mark has been posined Mark used slash he wasn’t able to attack due to 0:10 Part 2: Mark had the ability Shed skin so the posion was gone Desmond used Odor posion Mark tried to use slash but wasn’t able to attack due to 0:10  Random Dude  fainted due to Odor Posion! Desmond used Solar Posion! Mark fainted ??? Blacked out
Shinji who's power is revolved around the whole troupe:
oh my lord i needed that laugh
is that HxH Chrollo Lucilfer reference????
Just to explain poison logic in anime  most poisons are lethal by body weight, like x poison kills at 1mg/kg of Body weight, so a person weighing 90kg could survive up to about 90 miligrams of said poison, when someone in anime says its enough to kill 2 elephants or in this case 16 whales, they didn't actually kill 2 elephants or any elephants in that matter, but just going by math, like an elephant weighs 4000kgs, so they were exposed to about 4000mgx2  or 4 grams of poison
Pov : you thought this was demon slayer
Yes something's an anime be unrealistic not breaking skin and still affected by poison what.
Bro the main character plot armor is too op he could take so much Poisons
Accurate
He legit just gave em cancer at the end 💀.
“No human is surviving more than one whale”  *survives*
Skyrim players applying posoin on there weapon be like pathetic
This guy wouldn’t know what to do if he met Luffy since he’s immune to almost every poison known to man
The thumbnail is legendary
mayuri when he goes bankai
Madara took notes watching this
17 whales? Lucky i am not a whale
"I amplified the UV rays."   You gave me skin cancer?!
“Yes”.
“I have to win the fight”
Me: *shoots guy in knee immediately* Them: you pussy why you didn’t just throw hands? Me: “I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT” 🤺
Can't wait for yalls acting careers take off
"So everybody on earth gonna die"  *car passes by*
Killua be like: Gg ez
A real anime mc would've woken up through the power of friendship
Dez: yes
Bruh this is literally shinobu with rui’s sister
Dude invented sunblock.  :)
White Snake be like : I dont use poison I use acid
Video ends: Ad: KILL FLEAS FAST
Why would a villain give a shit about harming the environment?
He fr killed everyone on earth just for one single fight
Posioning the sun rays... bruh, I won't be surprised if some anime stole that idea or something lol
Did a car just ran passed
4:09 the person in the random car
fr
Man's could of won if he kept out of his anime act
Yes I put my poison in the sunlight and the antidote is in all the female beauty products and on me rn 😏
User stand: poison man Stand: emeperor of Poison Stats: (all) S+
“Yes.”😂
Please, I REALLY need you guys parody videos to be its own parody anime, PLEASE.
Aint no point in tellin you nothin .. you ignorant! You know that?... Yes. Im dying.
I think what he means by amplifying uv rays he means skin cancers
Poisoning sunlight won't just kill the earth it will spread the poison throughout the universe slowly but steadily till no one is left.  (Though the poison will become weaker as it disperses it will make a Dead zone around our sun)
I love how deadpan he answers “yes” to the questions from our hero
This is key & peele level humor
i put it in the sunlight..........hahahahhahahahahahahhahahaahahahahahahahhahahahaha
Yes.
Oh so now everything on earth has cancer now
Its a nice weather there
What I find missing is that after the protagonist is down he somehow manages to be immune to all poison
Lol
That poison be hittin harder than post but clarity
yes GIGACHAD
this guy is terrifyingly accurate  maybe hes from anime
He only said no once finally 🤩
He only said no once finally 🤩
17 whales?  - Yeas  Wait how do you know that?🤣
"but i have to win the fight"
This man did ALL that to kill one man
The classic villain’s stand  While the Mc or side character just gets dizzy or dies while the villain is just talking about his poison I love how he says it’s so powerful it can kill 16 or 17 whales idr but the character just got dizzy a bit and once again started a lecture
I mean he’s the villain, he does not care about life so trying to get to his morals is a waste of the seconds left to your life 🤣
Y’all are stupid in a good way. Straight talent. Urban version of dude perfect…..  actually that’s an insult. They can’t compare to you guys creativity. My apologies. I enjoy both though. Keep it up. Thanks for the laughs ❗️🤣
No accurate, a real anime would have put flashbacks each time reshowing us the moment he got poisened in slow motion
2:08 Every Skyrim/Oblivion NPC when you hit em with a sneak attack from your bow.
Killua says otherwise
The grind does not stop
he's the baddest villan ever
Kachaw
Yes
Thats selfish. You gotta family? Fuck em huh? 😂😂😂
Yes
🤣🤣🤣  this is gold
This is the funniest video they’ve ever made in my opinion
AMPLIFIED THE UV?🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 LMFAOOOOOOO MAN LET HIM MAKE IT 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 HE SAID THANK U FOR BEING THE MOST HOEING VILLAN HE GOT IT🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
LMAOOOOOO DES HOED ALL EM WHALES FOR NO DAMN REASON🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I like how the video validates making a poison capable of killing 17 whales because it took another 2 different poisons to kill this mf.
“you poisoned me?” “yes” 😂
Sasori was like this
desmond the most villainous mf out there
If  "I win but at what cost was a person" 😂🤣
Me to the sleep assaulters who keep attacking me while I've been downed for like over 2 years now: "so that's it, I'm just gon die? Yeah, I feel it. You trippin though you know that huh?" Lmaooo
"Aint no point in telling you anything... you ignorant"
The villian certainly is toxic.
It’s giving hamlet
"Yes 😈"
Desmond 😂
I put it in the sunlight 🧍
😂😂😂😭 literal tears , literal abdominal ach 😂😂 this is too funny
Mark: You just hoed the other 15 whales. No human is surviving past 1 Also Mark: Well even so, I can take it
He used every ounce of energy to show him how disappointed he was lmao
The way leland dropped LMAOO😩😂😂
whoever was holding the reflector right here goin nuts 3:29
The antidote is just sunscreen
I can’t wait for the next arc where Desmond joins the heroes and is suddenly weak as hell
i feel like you don't know what you talkin bout, you know what you talkin bout?   No LMAO
“i amplified the UV rays” so he gave everyone megacancer, got it.
on a serious note, geo modification is really messing up the planet, and the only way they would do that is if they were protected,
This is how demon slayer is
Desmond,",this poison is strong enough to kill 17 whales" Me,"😱😱and you used it on 1freaking human?!"😂😂💀
Haha! I stay at home, always! So your feeble sunlight poison won’t do nothing to me
I feel it…. Yea yea you trippin tho😭😂😂
Literally cioccolatta
🤣🤣🤣 you guys are hilarious
I have to win the fight….     Yes.
I love how the protagonist just died noping at the dumb shit the villain is pulling off
so he basically made radiation?
gota just let it go when Desmond pullin up bro😂😂😂😂
One of the best skits I've ever watched
This could’ve been a team seas ad🫡
To be fair, you kill one whale and do 17 times the dose, also apparently 17 whales is not enough cause mark living that and the odorless poison.
So everybody in the sunlight gonna die? Fuck em huh?😂
@3:01 up to the slow blink got me cryin😂😂
Portugal CARALHOOOOUUUU
Bro less talking and more attacking and you would have survided
your mom: mhahahaha Im a big as 100 Wales
The one weakness to the strongest poison sunscreen
"everyone in the earth dies", "car rides by"
How many poison did he used
What if u put it in loop it looks like the villain is reviving him using his eandedote and stuff
Like U get poisoned in the toe you still die
“I amplified the UV rays” Bro really trying to give everyone skin cancer
4:07
💀🤣
Pov when nautos talk no jutsu doesn't work: 4:29
The third “poison” is cancer
There IS uv poisoning that often accompanies sunburn. He probably put a really effective greenhouse gas in the air.
Funny
And there's always heart beat 💀
i had a stroke reading that tittle
It's like explaining a person through various points and he is just stuck on the same sentence "I had to win the fight" 😂😂
Bruh So Accurate
calebcity's lost brother
This how Caelid be in Elden Ring
if the scratch didnt break through skin then the poison shouldnt get in the blood stream?
Wait how did he survive if there was 3 different poisons and he had the cure for 1 would"t he also die and even if he had them for 3 off them he never had em so unless its like a vaccine would"t he just be dead?
This is very accurate
you do realize they test poison by looking at a human and being able to calculate how much it would take to kill them...right   thats not the excact way but thats bassicly how they do it, they didnt kill a 100 humans to see how strong a blue ringed octopus is-
Little did the villain know, that the protagonist is no whale!!!
They only are poisoned once someone says they are poisoned
Wait, if the sunlight gonna kill him so slow he can just hide in the shadow plus, he gonna die too cus his in the sunlight with the other guy
Poison in anime is op automatically
Mans gotta win the fight so k everyone 😤 💀 lmfao
Im still fin-
I thought he was doing Kamui in the thumbnail
When poison kicks in: Constipation noises
bro photons are smaller then atoms bro how u put poison in it.
Yes 🤣🤣🤣
Any poison use after Doma in demon slayer be like:
All this time, I thought he said “Will” as if it was someone’s name…he was saying “Whale”
league of legend players in the basement are immune
it's like chrollo vs silva
NEXT HE PUTS THE POISON INTO EXISTENCE ITSELF!😂😂
this whole skkit is just basically naruto's character Kabuto lmao
The end was very dramatic
The thumbnail is so perfect 😂
Putin be like...
discord mods wont feel shit
Desmond saying, “I still have my poison” is dark with the context of knowing he will be the only one left
Introverts be like : I've been waiting my whole life for this
🏆 The most pyrrhic of pyrrhic victories ever.
yooooooooooo! i fuckin love yall!!!! too fuckin funny man! Y'all deserve even more recognition!
Idky but I find that death sound “HURK” hilarious.
Gotta win the fight 🤷‍♂️
Gyutaro
Everybody going to die, car in the background
This is too much 🤣🤣🤣🤣😭😭
Rip 17 whales
bro this guy is litrally the best
POISON IN SUNLIGHT?! WTF?! 😂😂😂😂
"This poison can kill 17 🐋s..." "How do you know that?" 🤨 "I tested it..." "You killed 17 🐋s? 1 would've been enough..." FACTS....
Maybe this is why villains never win. They are smart. The dumbest people are the hardest to win against.
These guys should make their own movies and I'd even go to the movies to watch them instead of pirating the crap out of them like usual. .
W
Step1: poison a person in incremental dosis, in order to get the exact amount required Step 2: take the weight of a whale, divide it between the weight of a human, thats the "whale factor" Step 3: divide the number of lethal dosis in a drop of poison between the whale factor -There you go, now you know how many whales you can kill with one drop
If you  can't win join them if they have posion
Me getting poisoned in a video game be like
🤣🤣🤣🤣always funny....I have to win the fight lol
Maybe he killed one whale and then added seventeen times the poison.
1:04 This was great 😂😂😂😂 "I mean you're messing with the environment bro like we both gotta live here"
Yes…
Plot twist: This video is actually a reenactment on the fall of humanity
Basically Sasori...
desmond was trying so hard to just not laugh
2:09 oblivion npc death
Twist the protagonist was trained but a master of poisons and is actually unaffected by them 😂
The anime version of Yugioh floodgates 😂😂😂🙄🙄🙄🙄🙄
The “yes”
That background "YOU PUT THE POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT!?" LMFAOOOO!
My Ultimate Poisin: I put it in human kind's DNA before man existed.
This genuinely made me laugh up a few tears lol
Bro, and the villain doesn't die cause he has the antidote: sunscreen
"You hoed the other 16 whales"
Desmond the villain.
He just a terrorist at this point  Gotta love the premise of this video though. And so well executed
The MC always remembers his "poison resistance" skill we conveniently learn about after he's been poisoned
LOL! and Kung fu films there before them
Yes          lmaooooo
17 whales lol
Anyway Desmond had to do it because that’s what it took to kill that mc,, both first poison didn’t work.
4:25 judging you till the very end What a Chad
Bro they always have those drippy shoes bro
Yes
I'm shocked you dudes aren't mobbed on at the park you film at with how popular you are now lol
Messed around and fucked them sweat pants up.
I love how he just casually proceeds to answer "yes" to everything
I put it in the sunlight 🤣🤣
Desmond stays op
to the content creator: can you please control your comment section, or at the very least disable it. There is a lot of hateful comments directed to the Honorable Dr. Fauci, a man who has done everything in his power to save not just the lives of Americans but those throughout the world. Comparing Fauci to your version of an ignorant villain is not just racist, but also very uneducated behavior akin to white supremacists or trump supporters.
**Minutes later**  _”Ayo that poison kinda clean, you prolly gon have to run that..”_
*or genjutsu
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Best exchange in this skit🤣🤣 Mark “You put the poison in the sunlight”  Des “Yes”  Mark “How did u manage that”  Des “I amplified the UV rays”  Mark: “what does that mean bruh”  Des: “It’s basically poison”   Mark: “Man I feel you don’t know what your  talking about honestly, do u kno what u talking about”  Des: “No… But it’s basically poison so it doesn’t matter”
Mark: “That shit really weak, like, imma keep it real with you…… like why you gotta sword if you just gon be poisoning ppl”🤣🤣🤣
"This poison is enough to kill 17 Whales"  Me: what kind of fcking measurements is that?
Bro this dude gotta be the funniest dude on the planet 🤣🤣💀💀💀
scp 001 when day breaks fr
ODORLESS POISON?!? Yes it is also known as a “fart” in western society
17 whales? Why no human can last one whale!! ☠️
"I'm cool with you killing me, but what did the whales do?"  Also, YOU POISONED THE SUNLIGHT. I AM DYING. (literally)
This video must be poisoned, cause it killed me
Love the fact that he comes back to his senses when the villain explains his abilities.
"I poisoned the sun" people who play video games for more then 2 hours a day: *whats the difference?*
Basically demon slayer =)
The fact that Mark seriously said he could handle it 1:29 justifies Desmond's actions to make sure the poison was strong enough😆
Yes
Wait you killed 17 whales 🤣🤣🤣🤣
“We have to both live here” lmao he doesn’t want YOU to live Mark 😂😂
This video has some of their best banter. Felt almost like English humor pointing out the absurdity of itself so well. Monty Python/Hitchhiker's guide level hah. Bravo!  Those poor whales...
When you think about it 💬 🤔 ANiME logic are nuts
LoL every anime black villain should named Desmond 😂😂
"Yes."
😂😂😂😂😂
I watch this vid at least once a week Desmond is the perfect villain.
Literally shinobu, ina nutshell
"It's practically poison" and that smug look on his face, so fucking good 😂😂😂
He’s gonna die himself
Tengen fighting gyutaro be like
I have to win the fight is hilarious
demon slayer ep 10 reference
Classic poison villain move: laugh and slowly explain your poison rather than walking up and attacking the helpless protagonist
They have to die i have to win the fight -Desmond
the laugh .... dead
reminds me of akame ga kill😭
SCP-001-J "Day Breaks When?"
Everytime Desmond said "Yes", I lost it!!  Such a simple response, and you could see the satisfaction in his face when he said it!!  🤣
I was waiting for him to answer after "It seems my most powerful poison has taken effect"  with "More powerful then 17 wales !?"
he should have hid in a car, because guessing with the background, cars are immune.
"You killed 17 whales?" Damn.
Amplifying UVs wouldnt be poison it'd be cancer. Desmond gave cancer to every single person on the planet. They don't even get as quick a death as poison smh
Repent yallll
Ain't no point in telling you nothin, you ignorant.😂😂😂
You got a family? Phuck em huh?
this is why i havent been outside in 37 years in case someone puts poison n sunligt
this one is cracking me up
measurement in whales is just funny
Bro when I was a kid I used to HATE when villians did this shit, it's weak as hell and boring as fuck  Yall did it well tho, funny stuff as always 🤣 😂 👏
I like how they switch from anime tone to real life tone of voice XD
Desmond the evil light skin
Lmao
Sasori and his poison be like
Yep that’s Kurosutchi Mayuri right there
Top 10 anime where the villian won.
This is mayuri
“I have to win the fight.” 😂
“I’ll make more poison,  get more powerful” “They’re ain’t gonna be nobody left to fight?” “You’re right, but I’ll still have my poison”  Is this an actual line from an anime? 🤣
Fuck em huh 🤣🤣🤣
0:43 how are you able to kill 17 whales when you have no proof
Background Characters Driving in the back be like:    *Random CalebCity Hurt Sound*
"There ain't gonna be anyone else left to fight through". "Yes but I will still have my poison". 😂
that was kinda a depressing ending not gonna lie
The thumbnail already got me dying
Desmond always evil asf
This shit was fuckin hilarious, the MC was dying but not in agony… In disappointment.
1:01 "You hoed the other 16 whales"😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Ngl this remind me of Shinobu a bit-
"man but you messin up the environment... man we both gotta live here." shit broke me.
crying
The ending: *Me, finally deciding that it's time to go to the doctors after I've been fighting off something that's been bothering me only for me to have waited too long and now I'm dead*
I have that same exact sword
Shit gives me Sasori vibes 😂
Hahahahahahaha you ignorant lmaoo
Man said its basically poison 💀😂 bruh these niggas got me weak
Desmond plays the best villain roles
I dying laughing
The laugh and the “yes” killed me every time.
anyone talking about how he poisoned himself
“Yes”
bruh this shit got me cryyyyiiinnnnn LMAOOOO
I love how every realization is the antidote... To each Poison.
Guys the poison haven't taken place in my crib I'm goooooddd
This video is gold I swear had me laughing from the beginning to the end, We need you guys to come to London man ☺️😂🙏🏿
Villian: One ounce of this poison can kill 7 billion people. Protagonist: wait a minute how do you know that? Villian: cause I already tested it...
poison is always deal with plot armour in anime
17 whales died because of the poison and this man just talking well i expect nothing from a protagonist
This seems like the type of thing that would happen in jojo but somehow they stop it
Thumbs Up
thats what happen if my older and me play fight
“You put the poison in the sunlight 😵‍💫”
you put poison in the air?'' '' cars in the background''
Nah this is one of the most left skits they made was not expecting this negl 🤣🤣 i could tell even Desmond couldn't handle how ridiculous he is
This is giving me serious Caleb City vibes 😂
I love how determined he is
I don't get what they mean by "kills 17 whales" does the poison come back as soon as you kill an enemy?
Lol
This is literally the final fight of demon slayer manga
"You the realest villain"  "Thank you."   man took it as a compliment lmao
2:09 😂💀
This just too accurate 😂😂😂
little does he know this is all fake and hes trapped in Itachi's genjutsu
Desmond -  Epic  Funni  Has a name of the protagonist in Assassin's Creed
😂😂😂 “you got a family ?” “Fuck em huh?”
he put the poison in the sunlight....         at night time.
Calm Desmound gets me every time🤣🤣
Even the plot armor couldn’t save him from the poison
Ain't no point in telling you nothin you ignorant lmao
The only thing this is missing us the shiw ending laugh from the villain
Yes
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing you ignorant" "you know that right" Yes
The moment he said 15 whales, I was like " Why?!?!?"
THAT'S SELFISH
The dialogue about the whales was hilarious
Desmond has real talent as an actor.
This is by FAR the funniest anime skit I have seen from your team....omg..maybe it's the couple beers I have had...but this has me crying laughing in a bar by myself....brooooo I wish I could like it more time
Amplified the UV rays....it's basically poison...I feel you don't know what you are talking about
Random guy dying......it's a necessary sacrifice
Poison on the air in random places lOL
i can never take that bill clinton guy seriously after i found out about him getting head in the white house. no matter what i cant take him seriously
The "yes" at the end is ridiculous. I can't with them.
Mayuri vs anyone
"yis"
Expected some flashbacks before dying
This is stoopid
"U hoed 16 whales" lmfao
“Ain’t no point in tellin you nothin…you just ignorant. You know that, right?” 😂
How did he didn't get effected by his own poison though? 😅🤣  I mean it's everywhere in the air and then the sun, he should've been effected as well
I have to win the fight. XD
Everyone is going to die the sunlight will k i l l
Dont be ignant yall
I have to win the fight
-Who you fight after i am dead? -Yes, but I'd still have my poison  Got me dead
That’s selfish 😂😂😂😂
Bro I swear the way he says yes kills tf outta me everytime
Talk about winning at all cost
Could beat Thanos
They always show the antidote
Demon Slayer ending be like
I chuckled at how accurate. Desmond rules
“Rest in peace man” 😂😂
The Look of disappointment Mark had on his face when he realized he couldn’t get through to him is Hilarious 🤣
Yes, I have to win the fight. 🤣
Yes 😂😂😂😂😂
R.I.P to those 17 whales 🐳
You ignorant huh?  Villain: yes  Lmao I can’t bro
They have to die I have to win the fight
That laugh at 1:40 and 2:36 is a typical anime villain laugh🤣😂🤣🤣🤣😂😂
I’m Sick 😂😂, I laughed way too hard at this. The dialogue tho
There ain’t gonna be no one left to fight 😭😭💀
I mean if the sun is poison stay inside and only got out during the night
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant 😂😂😂😂
POV the mc doesn't have plot armour
“You killed 17 whales” 😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
this reminds of sasori vs lady chiyo and sakura when he kept saying this poison this poison
This was so funny I was just crying dang this the best one
Damn 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂 this is one of the best
The Head shake at the End 🤣
props to leland for falling on his face like that XD
Yo I never realized how ashy Mark was in this video
yes
Yes
CHROLLO VS SILVA  Only real ones know that whale reference was from HxH.
1. Desmond be getting all the best characters 2. This the guy who put poison in rpgs, ain't it?
Idk why I felt like they were gonna speak in Japanese 😭
Cough... Sasori...cough
If you give 18 whales the same amount of poision, it means it can kill al whales with that amount of poison?
Villains don’t even be knowing what they be talking they talk about the random stuff “I up the Iv Raise” what that makes no sense
fr💀
Rip homie in the red
You’re the realest villain
damnnn, 17 whales.
Part 2: Oh shit I'm the main character you gon die
He kill 17 whale
Look at Desmond’s smile bruh 😂😂😂😂
Sakura vs Sasori
“I kinda feel bad for what you sayin but… I have to win the fight.”
I feel it.. its taking affect… hmmmh😂😂😂
4:15 the final poison, the interdimensional wheezer laugh poison
You Just an ignorant villain huh? ... yes... lol 😆
He said  I put the poison  in the sun light lmao
The look and the way he said this man was ignorant took me out, every time I watch this I cry laughing 😂
The odourless poison he mean is called air to villains
sword art online be like:
So this is the origin story for that “When Day Breaks” SCP
wtf this is so good
I'm still thinking shouldn't the villain be poised to?????  ;:^
poison in anime only works for awhile then forgotten
Yes.
The most ignorant villain. Poison, and poison, and another poison, and a final poison on top of them all...
*heartbeat sound* “Ah… the affects of my poison has began to take affect”
If I knew youd go this far I wouldnt fuck with you . Isnt every movie about Villan start when they end up killing their own family and go on to become a villan lol
“But there won’t be anyone else to fight” “You’re right..but I’ll still have my poison”  😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭I almost choked on my food
You Season 3 ending
°You aint even part of the fight!° Villains always doing shit like that bruh
I spent 18 minutes of my life watching this and laughing harder each time 😂🔥🔥
He has to win the fight don’t y’all understand???
This nigga Jon Jon different
Man I wish y’all did a collab with Caleb city On one of these swordman videos I could die happy
anime breaking bad
thats selfish
These muthafukas literally created a successful channel off of childhood home movies...LOL! Straight up shot this in the park on a sunny day...lol! Kudos muthafukas...kudos!
Yes
Man Desmond talking like a Oblivion NPC
The way desmond keeps saying "yes"🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Oh My God Ignorant Villain, that's my new rap name
Not the whales!! Lmao
bwaahahahhahahha
This sucked there wasn’t any flashbacks or power gains this is unrealistic
Yes
Legit.. should have just given him diarrhea, pretty hard to fight or feel like fighting if you aren't sure if any little bit of extra effort might cause... problems
Lmao  “ in this environment” 🤣
Anime do be like that though and the villains do be ignorant as f***
Masaka..! Sonna...B-bakana!!
this one of the funniest videos ive seen in a long time
"I amplified the UV rays" lmao
😂😂😂😂
Really gonna do my girl Shinobu like that?
Then the main characters theme plays
People who’ve read demon slayer already know this too well.
Shisui v Danzo
😂😂 17 whales 🐳😂😂😂
Dudes voice sounds like itatchi!!
"You got a family? Fuck em, huh?" XDDDD
17 WHALES?
It means you have cancer now! You kill the world with cancer and then can't find any food. When you die shaking your head.
1:40 that Light Yagami ass laugh 😂
Lmao… I have to win
NO ONE: That butterfly girl in demon slayer
That you got a family? Fuck em huh is exactly what i gelt at the end of jade empire.
I just gotta say the poison sound effects are on point
Mark: “do you know whatchu talking about?” Desmond: “no”
“Yes 😐”   Lmaooo
“You killed 17 whales?” 😭😭😭😭😭😭
Itachi vs zoro       Edit : zoro got lost again.
Yess😂😂🤣🤷🏾‍♂️
Qurowof Wrushilfa!!!
I swear desmond's acting was on point in this one
The way he said thank you after being told he’s the realest villain
I came back to offscreen, “You put the poison in the sunlight!”
Basically what you’re saying is that in the anime whenever they use a weapon they overdo it
poison tsukoyomi.
Villian: I put it in Sunlight. Me: What...
Yes
“Ain’t no point of telling you nothing, you just ignorant.” Hilarious ASF 😭😩🤦🏾‍♂️🤣😂😅
This is literally Yu Yu Hakusho
Their acting skills is so perfect
This reminds me of the hunterxhunter battle between Silva and Chrollo, where Chrollo said 0.001 milligrams of this poison is enough to paralyze a whale.” And the poison did nothing to Silva
Bruh if I was a anime character I would definitely use poison as my main weapon
this man just folded 2:09
“Ain’t no point in telling you nun, you just an ignorant villain, you know that huh?”  “Yes” I was literally crying 🤣🤣
Fools.  I put poison in this comment.
2:42 trying to take a shit like
Never seen a villain so evil.... Yet so calm
Never seen a villain so evil.... Yet so calm
“I have to win the fight.”
"Do you have the antidote? What are you doing?"  "Yes. Only for me."
shizo elijah.
this man really put carbon monoxide for the second poison (odourless and in the air)
“That’s selfish”😂🤣🤣
It's a necessary sacrifice lmao
I mean, you have to admit he's got a winner attitude.
i have to win the fight
disliked, I don't see the dude wearing anything purple
two catchphrases that are widely known and associated with this character: "Yes." "I have to win the fight/"
There aint gonna be no one to fight Ik but i will still have my poison😂
But isn’t this what a villain should be like ? 😂
w thumbnail
Desmond said yes the same exact way every time and that was gold. 😂 "Why you got a sword if you just gone being using poison"  I'm WEAK.
Sounds like the vaccinations
What an odd villian!
this shroom trip is wildin how’d i end up on yt
Respect for the whales
😂😂😂😂
Mark already learned this lesson in among us. Never trust Desmond or Leland. 🤣😂
Sasori
"You the realest villian" "Thank you" 😂😂😂
I have to win the fight😂😂
Lol random guy drops to the ground
Yo how these niggas be keeping a straight face in these skits 🤣😂🤣 nigga said “I put the poison in the sunlight”
2:35 I thought he got stabbed
Poison
Lol if i was much younger i ll be doing Xena flips yiyiyiyiyiy and throwing my imaginary Chakram and swinging my  imaginary sword towards an  imaginary Callisto 😄😂 as my opponent lol
How the heck can someone put poison in sunlight? The air? I understand. The sword? I understand. But sunlight.... Sunlight?!!? That one stole the show. Today was the fastest I have ever liked and subscribe to a channel.
There was a fourth poison that activates when all four poisons in a single body, called Carbon dioxide. It replaces all blood cells in a body with cheese.
"yes"
" 17 Whales!! " 😂😂
🤣
Weebs
hilarious!
Since when did an anime villain turn into a terrorist?
"But it's basically poison" "I feel like u don't know what you're talking about do you know" "No" 😭😭😭
As someone who used to main Green Knight in Castle Crashers, this couldn't be more accurate
getting strong itachi vibes not from the poison but the way he went about it
Mayuri from bleach be like….
2:49 😭😭😭
breaking news an anime villain WINS
dopeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
2:49 You can see Desmond was about to laugh his ass off saying that lol but respect for keeping it together
in reality a single belly-ache would be enough to put me out of the scene and this dude is just more fucked up than the chernobil's elephant's foot, yet he stands up and talks lightly..
Oh I get it the villain is supposed to be Dr fauci haha 🤭
Desmond: Yes
only thing missing would've been: hehe.. I actually put other poison inside the poison, so when the one poison starts affecting your body, the other one will come out and weaken you, leaving you open for my next poison attac- oh you already died from the first poison
Do more Anime House please!
0:10 that reality shifting really hit different
"Yeah but I mean, that's the environment, bro".  I had to stop the video to laugh at that shit.
Lmao!!!! Ya'll Boyz wild!
na discord mods will be fine
This reminded me of playing AC brotherhood multiplayer with friends and they're reactions to that glorious green screen of doom
Does that dude love LeBron ( he sold out , just sayin) . Yup , he did . Got no respect for some of the dumb shit he said
You guys play destiny 2 pvp?
This is how hollowfest tragedy begin
Nobody:   Desmond: 😏
Desmond is sending me 😂😂😂
SASUKE?!?!?!?!
Bra that's literally overkill n yet my bro still standing n making the dude feel bad....🤣😂🤣😂🤣🇯🇲🇯🇲🤟
Wow. We are watching a Shaw brothers movie right now lol
"You just ignorant. You know that tho?" "Yes."  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 im dyin 💀
"i amplified the UV Rays so its basically poison"  *one wiki search later*  thats RADIATION
Desmond can go from a calm psychopath to raging  psychopath just like that
2:47 man’s holding his laugh so hard to say this line😂😂
Bro every time Desmond says it’s a necessary sacrifice it’s so funny 😂
"so everybody who in the sunlight gon' die?"  "Yes."  Fortnite players: "nah am good."
How Desmond does always be beating people and killing people in these fights? But I'm here for it.
THAT'S LITERALLY COCO IN TORIKO
"You just an ignorant villain. You know that?"  Desmond: YES.
Do you have the anecdote? Yes, only for me. That’s selfish 🤣🤣
Desmond delivers this so perfectly this is one of his best performances I come back to this a lot just to watch him kill this performance as he does people with the poison 🤣🤣
Fucking masterpiece
i have to win the fight. xD
M common sense kept him alive the whole fight 😄💯
“I have to win the fight😐”😂😂😂😂
It’s funny how Desmond is always the bad guy in these skits
Plot twist the anime protagonist is the biggest whale with every single 5 star weapons and artifacts
I got a poison ad after this
“I’m just gon die”  “Yes.”   😂😂😂
I don’t know about poison in anime, but the abundance of dialogue during combat? Nailed it! 🤣
Bruh, you gotta do the deep heartbeat sound effect and turn the screen colors negative to show the poison affecting you 😂😂😂
Legit ever time he fall I say...YAGA!!!!!!!
That villain is messed up
This is that one kid in Kindergarden
IM so high and im dying
"Fuck em, huh" 😂😂😂
"You just gonna stand there?"
Evrybody here is ganna die besides the gamers with their gamer juice
"Thats selfish, thats selfish.....you got a family? fuck em huh"   bruhh youre too funny
“ I’ll still have my poison” lmao
"Ain't no point in tellin you nothin you ignorant!" 🤣
Honestly if you put some *sad music* at the end of this video... 👌🏾 Perfecto
SEVENTEEN whales??? 😬
2:08 "hmph!!!" *Drops dead on the ground* 😂😂😂😂😂😂 Seriously that was funnier than it has any right to be.
The whales didn't deserve that bro
Poison/Venom is so annoying especially in anime. I was watching Fairy Tail and Erza was bitten by the poison dragon slayer, they had to stop what they were doing find Wendy so she could heal her and then they continued.
You got a family? Well f**k em huh... I died laughing! 😂😂
bu- t u have a family? i mean they will die if they are under sun light u dont care about them? *POISON*
He kinda reminds of yanagi the poisoner from baki
'Do you know what you're talking about' 'No' Me:*died*
Plot twist: his sensei visits him in his mental space between life and death and gives him a magical last minute powerup and he overpowers the poison and defeats the villain
Why would you do that to the environment lol
“Yes”
1:36 17 whales, the man told ya 😂
1:03 I mean, you’re asking the villain why he’s doin bad stuff 🤣
This had me dieing
If he put the poison at the air and the sun, wouldn't he be dead too?
Desmond Is hilarious 😂
Slap like now!
This says a lot about shoes.
If the poison is in the air and in the sun why doesn't it kill him too?
And then Shion just cooks a meal.
Rest in peace 😂😂😂😂😂
thIS IS TOO ACCURATE
I like that he killed everyone on earth but then you cars drive in the back
I don't even watch anime but you are funny as f**k!!!!
Amplify the uv rays 🤣
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you ignorant 😂😂😂😂😂
I like how Leland’s only role was to be a radon person dying
Protagonist to the antagonist: That's selfish. I mean, he's the villain, is he not? XD
He then proceeded to take his shoes
1:10 fighting with sword in feudal time and a strange horse went throug the back
The first poison killed 7 whales but not him so villain was right 😂
Kid: Mommy! Look look! There! Mom: What's wrong Billy? Billy: Those 2 people over there What are they doing? Mom: Billy this is why you must go  to college
funny lopl u laughed
Man has straight black af energy the actual embodiment
It's a small price to pay for salvation😞
A
"You poison me?" Then proceeds to talk for another 4 minutes while everyone else does immediately.
I started laughing when he said some "I put it in random spots across the planet."
How many reshoots did this take!? lmao 🤣
" that means its basically poison 😂😂
A necessary sacrifice the power of plot can’t save the hero in this scenario
He hit 3 poisons attacking in a straight line.
Him: U gonna kill everybody in this earth. Introverts: Weak.
When he amplified the UV rays, and the "hero" asked what that meant, I thought the punch line was going to be "I just gave you cancer."
The talk about the whale lol
Funny how they just randomly lose momentum and freeze when the poison kicks in. That doesn't even make sense! ... But it's just so dramatic though. 🤨🤣
.
I love seeing the shiny side of a bounce board
yes
F
Wait how tf the main antagonist survived from he's own poison
Then he's gonna get up five minutes later completely fine through the power of flashbacks and friendship.
Not to be the smart butt but poison is digested venom is injected. But it's still very funny.
this is douma vs shinobu in a nutshell
The villain himself was trying to hold his laugh.
“You don’t know what you’re talking about do you?” “No”’
why did he even need the first 2 poison when the third one is enough
Gotta respect poison from a man with ocean waves
Vilain: *dies from the UV rays* welp, that's a necessary sacrifice
“You put the poison in the sun light” 😂😂
This is literally an anime fight (exept the joke sections)
Hes gonna create a virus that could spread in the whole world in months and kill a f ton of people and everyone would have to stay home most of the time haha crazy thing
I’m dying at the way that Desmond says “poison” the exact same way every single time
Just a quick stop on the first minute of the video.  For curious people, you can actually say how much whales you can kill with a certain amount of some poison (more reallisticly how much poison it'd take to kill a whale) without killing any whales xD It's a hell of a math and biology process, but you can.  *keep looking the great vid after my nerdish intervention*
Yes.
"Man This Ain't 2K"
He did win tho
The end justifies the means
-No human can survive that - I can survive thet tho
What it felt fighting an uchiha :
the funny part is when he said he put the poison in sun light.....but the driver of the cars in the background is still alive hahahaha
"This poison killed the last African white rhino"
"Aint no point in tellin u nothing"
I go with a poison build in almost any game that allows it. I gotta love this villain's commitment.
Talk no jutsu 🤣🤣
Desmond op ngl
"I amplified the UV rays" is the most truest anime line ever spoken.
Him: "why would you do that to the environment ?"  This tickle me pink😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
niggaaaa
He died in pure disappointment
3:32 spoke like a Uchiha
You had me around 1m in. Such good humor. Subscribed
Lol this is so accurate sasori be like:
NANI??
"Everyone in the sunlight gonna die? You gonna kill everyone on earth." Introverts : we don't have such weaknesses.
I loved the part where he used the poison!
100 person accurate representation of demon slayer
"You ignorant" 😂😂😂😂
The thumbnail is dopessss!
Ok.
Vampires: I’m 4 parallel universes ahead of you
17 whales pertain to the dose he got.  I think it can be converted to LD50 if we know the exact quantity of the dose.  Or convert it to the quantity of poison (mg) if we know the LD50 (in whale).
Looks like my friends trying to roleplay
Wait! he didn't remember some vague incouraging one liner from a person he looks up to in order to survive anyway! 0/10
'Ain't nobody left to fight' *meanwhile a car going vroom vroom behind*
😂https://youtu.be/3vOT-_DWURQ
I love this
The end got kind of sad honestly. And real. Really nice acting there
The poisoner is the embodiment of "Some of you may die, but that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make."
Sasori be like:
I swear to god if anyone actually ever does shit like this, THEY will be the ones doing the paperwork for all of the souls that were affected.
"Why tho? Why whale would've been enough" i know right lmao
I can't stop laughing 😂😂😂😂😂😂
1:55 (I farted)
put Batman against Superman again?
"No human is surviving more than one whale". Yeah XD Oddly enough, poisons do have those specifications
Desmonds' role is the embodyment of sigma male mindset
It's always the necessary sacrifices to me 😭😭😭
"The hero die disappointed"
This is literally the first Kankuro vs. Sasori fight
legit thought he was gonna use kamui
Caustic Apexlegends
This is inaccurate               You forgot the zoom in to the character’s eye
Rest in peace 😂 you should make a video about poison and venom.
It's venom!!!
Desmond looked so proud of himself the entire time and it killed me
Is it just me or do I have a peanut brain cuz I can’t understand the title lol
Collateral damage🤷🏾‍♂️
Good guy: what's wrong with me?   Bad guy: *YES*
Make a video on Chinese acupoints and poison
RIP to the whales
This posion can kill 98 pandas, i make them   come back to The extintion danger 😎🤙😎🤙
😂😂😂😂
I like how everytime he say yes
shinobu kocho
If you watch akame ga kill you would know how stupid this stuff is 💀
Da boy seconds later: you know what?! Im NeGga AnD i CaN HanDle iT XD
Fricking incredible
You forgot the exaggerated heart bump
Ignorant villain... omg! HAHAHA
We both gotta live here
Nobody sasori be like in Naruto
He needs to win the fight.
His reactions throughout is what really killed me.
Kimetsu no Yaiba be like
That calm yes.
lmao
I bet these were so fun to make
Poison in anime be cap bruh 😪😭XDDDDD
do what you're talkin bout?  No  😂
HxH
Desmond : im win but at what cost
Shinobu Kocho be like:
Remember that one mission in Spiderman PS4 against scorpion. I hated that
You just an ignorant villain, you know this?  Yes
Lol yes, sometimes it just doesn't make sense
That random guy dying was epic
You gotta admit, he loves his poison
Viper in VALORANT
😂😂😂😂😂
“I amplified the sun’s UV rays” hmmmmmmm cancer research is gunna need some help after that type of poison
Whales taste good
Ngl, Kurotsuchi from Bleach probably did this at one point. Just had billions of poisons everywhere
*Looks at innocent bystander dropping dead* "Rest in Peace."  😆
Coco from toriko
i like how he says poison
“This small scratch poison’d me” 😂
“You the realist villain” “Thank you”  I laughed so hard🤣🤣🤣
What’s the point in fighting if you’re just gonna fight dirty
The moment I read chapter 10 of kingdom, my mind went back to this vid lmao
This is fake
Wait so on the 17 whales thing, was that the same single dose of poison killing 17 whales? Or is it just a different dose proven by 17 whales? Or one dose killing a whale the size of 17? No cap the first thing I thought was that he went and killed the first whale and then had the blood transfused from that whale to another to see if it would hold potency even if diluted. I mean I guess that would sort of give us the same information as if it had been a whale 17 times as large as a regular whale. But I guess killing 17 whales each with their own equal dose would just be to make sure that there are no known whales with immunity or reduced susceptibility
how is he no dieing
"Yes."
Ain’t no point of telling you nothing, you ignorant. Real life words
Feel like this needed to end with the villain laughing and licking his blade while he said something generic about violence or screams or something, and then just realized what he did and died instantly.
Me surviving the poison cos I haven't seen sunlight in 4 years.
Could have stretched it 16 minutes more, just need enough flashbacks
POSION DOESN'T WORK UNLESS ITS IN YOUR BLOOD OR YOU DIGEST IT AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH
You forgot the heart beat sound effect before the hit of nausea
The first poison didn't worked on him because it kills multiple whales, not one man. 😄
Little did the villain know, that the protagonist's sensei trained him to be as powerful as 18 whales.
When day breaks
That does mean the 18th 🐋 lived.
I sense Uncle Iroh’s wisdom coming into play about the environment
he actually don't know about how to put poison into sunlight ahahah
Hhaaha they argue for 17 whales ahahaha
But shouldnt he be affected by his poison too-
Pov: your fighting an insect user in demon fall
This is for sure the anime bleach lol. Hahahah mayuri captain of squad 12 suppose to be a good guy but he literally put poison every where just to experiment with everyones life
Sasori my man
Amogus
Alt Title: Don't show this to a gamer or else he won't ever touch grass ever again
Lmaoo, when he was talking about putting poison in the sunlight it looked like he was trying so hard not to laugh 😂 but the smile he couldn’t help but make he used as a villain’s smile. Haha it was perfect
Everyone talking to capitalism 1:05
3:26 💀💀💀💀💀
uh oh somebodys woozy
"Do you know what you talmbout" "No"
Poor birds
This is comedy gold!
Hehe hehe.  *THESE COMMENTS ARE POISONED.*
Lol! This is silly. Coming up with randomized Poison like that in a fight, with the last one going too far! Hahaha! Rest In Peace, World! This nigga done gone & done it! Lol! I just seeing this. Good job, y'all.
"You got a family?" Nods "Fuck em, right?"
Or "I poisoned one and 16 others died because water..."
Amplified light is a laser
😂🗣️😂🤣
When the enemy realizes: OH SH IM GONNA DIE TOO
You can eat venom but not poison. Btw, if poison is injected in you your fine but not for venom. Which means. It's a. Venomous sword not poisonous
How do they even test it
when some one who is immune to poison :him:
Protagonist right before he dies: *Smh*
It's 2021 and people still can't tell the difference between venom and poison?
To be fair you can die from merely handling monkshood.
legends say there is even a forth poison
"yes"
Dudes bodied more whales than Megalodon.
"You tested on 1 whale and now is using 17x more poison, right?" "Ehhnnn... no, i killed 17 whales..."
So I'm just gonna die?  YEAS
Whales! That’s terrible next time use seals or Walruses!
it do be like that hahaha
It's that one Justice League episode where Lex Luther won. Then Superman accidentally timetraveled to that future.  Lex was pretty chill, showed Superman around his "world". At the end, he told Superman his winning move and how to defeat it. Superman went back in time to defeat Lex. The end shows just Lex being content.  Edit: Yo it was apparently Vandal Savage.
Dattebayo
2:09 best part
"you got a family?" "Yes" "Fuck 'em, huh?"  This part almost kills me. Must be poison.
0:44 I thought he was poisoned? lol
1:45 Camera: *Zooms* O D O R L E S S  P O I S O N ? !
😂😂😂😂👌👌👌👌 lo hacen igual
LMFAOO I burst out laugher XD
3:30 kahit pamilya iwanan mo na
why you do that ?! because that what bad guy do. kiddo
Anime is all the same but just have a little different plot
Poison won't work on killua cause     Hisoka's bungee gum have properties of both rubber and gum
Hi.
Hey it’s demoman
lol this is gold
All it's missing is a heartbeat sound effect coupled with inverted colors
"You got a family?" "Yeah." "Fuck em right?" 😂😂😂😂
First poison on the floor then poison in the air at random spots then poisoned sunlight result everyone including his family but him is dead
LOL×100
Poison is best weapon
17 Whales...Yeah I feel bad about the whales...LOL HA HA HA!!!!!!!!! Some guy just drops down 40ft away from the fight. WTF? LOL. Now I feel you don't know what you're talking about. How do you guys not laugh your ass's off? It's gonna kill your family...I have to win the fight...
Poison users be cowards man
He should have said “now you have skin cancer hahahahahahahahahahaahahahahahahahahhahahaha”
Jon Jon went from fighting pit bulls to whales
the poison never gets into the blood too
I don't want to be THAT guy, but technically... that would be venom not poison, venom = snake/arachnids/mollusks, and poison = gas/plants/frogs
Ok, so we know why he didn't stop at 1 whale, but what about the 18th? Did it even get sick? Or did he just get to 17 and get bored?
“I had to win the fight it’s the sacrifice I need”
this dude fighting poison guy really with sword? bruh drink a glass of millk or something so the poison will be gone
its probably a puffer fish spike he use to scratch the enemy. the enemy got poison 4 and nausea. it will weaken it to half a heart
I feel bad for the poison user. They're only effective for the first arc or 2 then the characters are all basically too powerful for it.
I’ll still have my poison lmao
Pick your poison
Sasori vibes go brrr
Scratch???,,, Me: where…
The amount of Joel Haver vibes I get from this video is astronomical
Man would literally exterminate all living thing on earth and says "It's needed sacrifice, i have to win the fight" and that fight is with a cockroach
I have that exact sword
Omg.. I just died laughing in bed.. every time that guy said "yes" 🤣🤣 I am literally in tears.. woke up my wife..  she's kind grumpy now and rolled over 🤣🤣 I tried.. but I couldn't stop laughing 🤣😭🤣😭🤣 wd!! I'm subscribing
“I put the poison in the sunlight” got for sure 🤣
🤣🤣😂😂
yes
Plot wist the ground was poison too
"so everybody on the sunlight gonna die ?" "Yes"  4:09 : car pass in the background : are you sure about that ?
17whales is a bit excessive lol 😆😂🤣😅fantastic skit lol 🤣🤣😂😂😂😂
I got Haven Lock add The feds will never get me and my lollies
0:57 silva zoldyck press X to doubt.
"like- like im just gon die" "yes"
Lol
3:40 that was the most hilarious "Thank you" I've ever heard lol
We going to ignore the person walking their dog in the background? Just tanking the sun poison?
Imagine just being a bystander and seeing this
I can't imagine what random passerbys must be thinking
Your right but I’ll still have my poison  Lmao dudes face after he said that has me weak asf 😂
I think it's Venom*... poison you have to eat it.
Sasori be like
4.10 that guy in the car is the new main character to avenge everyone
My throat hurt from laughing so hard. gotta stop clicking on this shit
you just got the cars passing by in the back
Haha this made me think of Bleach
This is me fighting anyone in general tbh.it’s victory or victory. Those are the only two options.either with or without a society is debatable lol.
I mean isn’t he suppose to be killing those not in the fight? That’s why he’s a villain in the first place.
Mark said rest in peace... I'm done
This is how all the new COVID variants are
That poison guy smug face is nice
the i tested part got me
Yes
Once 000 G starts youll notice youll notice its not the other solo team 🤗
But beep beep beep, so dont come close to OR EVERY RHYMES 25 TO LIFE ABOUT MEW TWO, yiu dont want to get 000s G started
Things cleared up for me right around the time I think he fell over Im not sure
Hahaha... Nicely done! Where are you guys filming this btw??
How anti-vaxxers see doctors is another good alternative title
pov: shinobu
My hero acdamia
U forgot the 2 and a half episode long flashback, and random gain of power.
When you just got done seeing this shit in the phantom troupe hunter x hunter ark.
2:46 I died😂
spoilers for demon slayer!         muzan be like
I love this, lol for real
If Jeff Bezo was a villain !
Watching BAKI fights be like:
the odorless poison is called axe body spray.
"Do you know whachu talking about" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
😐 yes 👀
Enhancing the UV rays to be lethal from the sun, is equivalent to radiation poisoning. Though the immunity is sun screen (a LOT of it), there is no cure... yet
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Clearly, this guy had too much time on his hands, if he poisoned the sun itself.
LOL! Fucking brilliant!
I don't even watch anime but you're entertaining af
He says yes perfectly.
Not going to lie, poisoning THE SUN is the biggest flex a poisoner could possibly do… like where do you go from there? Poison god?
LMFAOOOOOOOOOO YOOOOOO WHEN THE OTHER ONE FEELL
I mean, he had to win the fight.
Dude in the black looking straight up like the Akasuki lol  I see you Sasori with them poisons lol
No… the protagonist is supposed to have a flashback memory as there dying and then get super strong and beat the villain
"yes"
The MC didn't try to suck it out or bleed it out, not realistic at all.
3:14 scp 001 summarized in one non related video
“That’s selfish” 😂😂😂
😂
Poison > Family
*Poison is the true meaning of live*
him during the fight:   yees.....
4:09 I think that car will be the only person alive.
The real kicker would be that all those poisions take effect only if you're hit with the blade's poison and the villain was just fucking with him. And the runner that was poisoned too was hit as well with the blade beforehand just to proove the point.
I wonder what people would think without a camera there lmfao
pOiSoN
Kill 17 whales, gas random locations and amplify the UV-radiation killing the entire planet. -Anime sigma male grindset
0:53 omg This killed me 😂
the thing that always gets me: how do you know if poison is strong enough to kill multiple animals? do you like, poison an animal, wait for it to die, then extract the poison from the dead animal, and then inject them into others until they stop dying??
*s h i n o b u    k o c h o*
Bruhhhh this is hilarious the apparent MC is laughing throughout the vid himself
Then he will release the poison to the poison, thus neutralizing the poison with a poison. That poison will undo the first poison except it won't bring anyone back alive. That way the 17 whales and the MC stay dead. That was his aim all along. Peace to the random dude who died. He stays dead too.
poor mans Caleb city. pfff
holy sheeet that villain poison guy is so coooool! :O
Yeah they say poison but what they really mean is venom.
Mfs who use poison are annoying af for real tho
anyone thinking of butterfly  girl from demon slayer
ay man dead whales make a whole ecosystem, dude actually helped the enviroment - so who's the true villain now?
I like how Desmond is always the bad guy in these skits, is rdc trying to say that neckbeards are bad people?
Spot on dudes, spot on lmao
😆😆😆😆 you're good
The villain is wearing black so it attracts sunlight lmao (i think)
lol
"I have to win the fight." These anime villains should really take notes.
The true meaning of "Name your poison."
Mark: You know you ignorant dont you  Desmond: Yes  😂😂😂😂😂
“Enough to kill x elephants” is the kind of metric science communicators use in real life to explain poison lethality though, lol, they don’t kill a bunch of elephants they just calculate the dosage with math.
"You can't handle my strongest poison"
....yes....
The DM whenever the players try to talk to the bad guy to stop him:
He missed the chance to say it's cancerous
Yes
that guy has every ability he doest have to move to use
“But there ain’t gonna anyone left to fight.”   *car drives by*
I admire his resolve, he had to win the fight.
first of all, let’s get into this new camera! i can see all the pores on y’all face, i have to stan!  lmfaoooo purr 🤷🏽‍♂️👏🏽👏🏽
Plot twist the dude walking his dog is the strongest being in this planet. 4:09
There’s like one anime I know where MC uses poison against the villain
I kinda remember the guy from bleach doing this that wierd looking one
Frost vs vegeta be like:
Hahahahah 😂😂😂🤣
A lot of sacrifices other than you to do stuff. ;)
He's filming what we all do in our rooms alone
Shinobu be like
Most dramatic death ever..lol
Poison is such a bitch ass move!
Don't forget, poison is also Acid in anime.
Dude shoulda just said "I'm the bad guy here, fuck em all anyway."
Let's please try to use correct grammar in your titles and elsewhere. It makes you look uneducated when this is done on purpose.
🤣 this was great. If I cud offer any advice, tighten up in the editing cuts and this is golden. Nice work!
*That one episode in Demon Slayer be like:*       *Kinda-*
I mean, if I was dying of poison, I'd totally just rip the shit out of the guy's reasoning too. 17 whales though?
Glorious.
Now that I think about it why do they say that with all poison or venom. "This right here can kill ten adult human males". Like they be testing this shit like if it kills one human males it will probably kill ten or twenty just the same. Just say it results in death feel like that would be way easier.
HAHAHA LMAO🤣😆
It seems so real
Lol I think thats conqueror's haki
Has anybody noticed that when he put poison in the sunlight. There's just a lady casually taking her dog out for a walk.
Scp when day breaks be like when the sun kills.
*SCP-001:* WHEN DAY BREAKS
Your the reallest villian. Villan: thank you haha
He’s not just a villain now he’s just *That* guy now
bruh
Akame be like:
You guys make me laugh, thank you.
“That means it’s basically poison 😏”
wait until the villain finds out about the girl from that bel biv devoe song
Demon Slayer manga ending was the same shit
This is why I dont go outside. XD
How weebs fight:
Third poison is just him giving everyone skin cancer
You may not know this, but my family has a secret poisoning technique too!  *CHK-CHK*  LEAD POISONING!
Yeah poisoned blades are a joke unless you do a stab. Otherwise bleeding will flush out the wound. Poison tip darts or arrows? Definitely a thing. Slicing just creates too much blood flow. This was my Ted talk.
Lol
So nobody is talking about villain standing in poisonous sunlight and not dying
Yess😂😂😂
2:48 The sun is a deadly Lazer!
so basically shinobu
Is this the origin story for SCP-001 (When Day Breaks)?
🤣🤣🤣
hero: you got a family? villain: yes hero: f*ck 'em huh?😂😂😂😂
😆
I lost it at “you just ignorant” 😂
Plot twist: the main character is the villain
3:03 Basically characters in The Flash when explaining their powers or science
Reminds me of Sasori
Itd be cool for the hero to die the villian to turn and begin an evil speach and then get stabbed in the back because the hero apparently had some bs genetic immunity to poisoned sunlight
Some powerful message when you think about it.
Sasori in a nutshell.
Desmond really went tryhard on this match
iTz AcTuAlLy VeNoM
When sunlight becomes poision....   The age of Vampires.... and gamers
Lol maybe Venom . Poison in ingested not through skin injection
Google poison and this video shows up!!! 😂😂😂 *SEO-jokes 😋😅
uses stand arrow HAHA YES PURPLE HAZE
i put the poison in the sunlight *Weather Report Acto 2!*
Is that sasori
2:50-3:19 is what you're looking for in this video.
3:14 wdb be like
2:50 “You put the poison in the sunlight?!”  SCP-001 When Day Breaks Intensifies
Shinobus enemies be like:
this kinda sounds like sao scene
When the main character actually loses
Sasori moment
I am dead on "You killed 17 whales? Why?"
The "impossible" line.... classic 😂😂
The "impossible" line.... classic 😂😂
All these weebs sure do love critiquing every tiny detail or simply quoting the exact thing everyone just watched.
One track minded villians be like this
"There ain't goin' be anybody left" the opponent: Wrong,there be aliens
Then he finds out it was a placebo and he died from literally nothing.
The akatsuki robe
Bruh how many fucking venoms he got
3:14 SCP 001 be like
"The humans of this earth"
So my books are poisonous
*When Day Breaks*
I'm glad I'm an introvert and stay inside all day. I would survive this anime lol
Plot twist the odorless poison was acually him farting
"I put my most powerful poisun I  sunlight" "That'll kill everyone"  4:09 The car in the background: Hello
"I have to win the fight"
“i put it in the sunlight” 💀
2:07 Npcs in Oblivion after eating a poisoned apple
Im getting major Sasori vibes
This reminds me to someone who is also self obsessed with her power. EXXXPLOOOOOSIIIOOONNNN!!!!!!!!!
Shinobu kocho:
*Yes.*
2:08 JoJos Bizzare Adventure Green Day Stand In A Nutshell.
I'd be dumb if the poison is just drugs
Nobody not a single soul I AM SHINOBU KOCHO!
It says this video came out four months ago but I seen it over a year ago
You should've added a Voice Distortion Effect when Desmond was speaking, While in Marks Perspective.
I would have been like. so! I am fucking EVIL!
I have to win the fight
“You still gonna die “ Me: The video barely started, so there must be more poison “You still gonna die “ Me: not even half way, more poison?
Sigma male mentality
the sunlight poison aint gonna work against LoL players
he's a scientist, He needs to do it more than once to test his results!
You guys gotta do one on how some main characters start off wimpy but go through that one thing that cracks them to be a badass.
Also he has to stop  and step back then spit a shit tune of blood
Jokes on you, because Sun Poisoning is a real thing.
Well spoiler for KnY... . . . . . . . . . . . . Muzan final battle indeed going on like this.
Poison is one of the best abilitys like killing someone overtime not even moving like op
BRUH HE WRONG 3:20 GAMERS WILL SURVIVE WE DON"T DO OUTSIDE
This is ret
Lol
The silent head shake at the end lmao
Desmond Mentality, Kobe and Jordan got nothing on him!
"YES"
POV: you ate a pufferfish
I really love poison characters. Great thanks to Bleach
the ridiculous shit homie was saying was the real poison all along, poisoned the other guys mind with his shit
"Yes"
“that means its poision” BAHHAHAABHABAHAHAHAHA😹😹😹😹😹😹
This is so funny. I've subscribed.
"One whale would have been enough though" that line had me ROFL 🤣
Hero:Do you know what you talking about Villain: No 🤣🤣🤣
Man said put the poison in the sun light🤣🤣
If it was in the air and sunlight why does the villain not suffer any effect? 🤔
Effect of hero killer in My h.a
“You have a family”  Yea they have to die “Oh..”  🤣💀💀
“Why would do that to the environment” 🤣💀💀💀
It’s the yes for me
some awesome fight going on  Random dude passing by : Ohh shit an awesome figh- 2:08
I mean, he is a villain. Man's gotta sacrifice.
Sasori
isn't his most powerful poison just like cancer?
R.I.P
“I mean I need to cut people, so I can poison them.”
😂😭 aye when he said it’s enough to kill 17 whales i repeated it same time as mark “17 whales ?! 🤨” 🤣
I swear poison be so op in anime
😂😂😂😂
*all of you will die, but that's a sacrefice im willing to make.*
Guys, understand the guy, he has to win the fight, these are all necessary sacrifices
You poisoned the sunlight? Everybody is gonna die!  Reddit Mods: I don't have such Weaknesses
2:08 When I’m having a good day but then I get leg cramps
ima keep it real dudes a villan so really he shouldn't give a dang but poison in anime do be like that
I don't watch anime but this shit is funny
AHHAHAHA his blue socks at the end
"We gotta both live here" 😂😂😂
Yo the end was kinda sad though
This guy and LongbeachGriffy needs to collab
I like how he says "yes" the same way each time
Hahaha it's like the whole world vs china
This whole video sums up every mayuri fight in bleach😂
To be fair, the poison that was killing 17 whales wasn't going to be enough. So maybe his mistake was not killing MORE whales.
“I need to cut people, to poison them”
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing…you just a ignorant villain” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
_A small price for salvation_
Y’all are the whitest black men.
Yes.
17 whales!!😭😭
"Didn't even break the skin" Then how tf did the poison enter your blood stream? and why did the effects start immediately
Lmmfao 2:05 -2:15 boy I'm dead boy u funny ash....atta boi
plot twist: he has 3 types of poison in his slash, all with different activation time, so he's s just messing with the MC on the poison in the sunlight/air.
The 4:16 mark had me dying laughing!!!!
Akame from akame ga kill be like
I Have To Win The Fight
Yes.
What happened to the 18th whale though? I swear Plot holes/armor be killing me.
The villain is too good to be a anime villain!
Man's turned into itachi by the end "my family's gotta die" chill fam
You know that huh?  Yes.
When you try to tell ppl ps5 isn’t backwards compatible & won’t transfer over online purchases 0:46
I like to think he had 20 Whales and the last 3 just didn't die.
“You the realest villain”  “Thank you”
Mark: "You will not be killing the humans of this earth or me today" Desmond : Challenge accepted
If a small scratch can effect you that bad that quickly, you're already dead cause that tree dart frog levels of poison
I amplified the UV rays 😂😂
Yes
2:02 Stain: 👀
Gotta see it all the way through
ignorance is a type of poison
No one talking about how you kill multiple whales by poisoning one
"You know that right?"  "yes"
He went from anime villain to scp 001 real quick
Yeas…
Jin sakai be like
You killed 17 whales? You monster.
Sasori in a nutshell
"Amplified the UV rays" Well now everyone's gonna get horrible sunburns and skin cancer
It’s basically poison
Why these videos always so accurate
Maaan why you got three poisons isnt one enough i mean like were trying to save the planet here
Mark- u got a family Des- yes Mark so just fucc em huh Des- yes, they gotta die
Plot twist it wasn’t poison it was actually nothing he just losing due to the power of plot
''Smh... dies of death''
naruto fans be like: poisoin? more like genjustu
Isnt he get poisoned too?
But how did he measure that it'd be 17 whales when he would've needed to use the same amount for every whale
But the question is can he beat goku
Pov: you and your 7 year old friends pretending to be anime characters be like:
That 4.30 video felt like a movie
Ah yes, the poison for Kuzko, kuzkos poison
he wasnt selfish... how did the cameraman survive then huh?? Thats what i thought.
Bro do you even know what your talking about : NO 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Isn't it supposed to be venom
Its all due to ''nakama''  Villain: whales killed my nakama. Hero: i can feel the power from my nakama
The fact that he shakes his head before dying in pre disappointment
When I watch this I think of the music when kabuto put people to sleep in naruto during the exams
Desmond: ...Yes
It always works right when they start to do something-
Noooooo! Why is nobody talking about how sad this is? Not [Anime Protagonist] he was the most badass character!
Remember kids, genocide is ok if you have to win the fight
Shinobu kocho:
True tho
SCP-001: When Day Breaks
shinobu and tamayo vs muzan be like :
"no human is surviving more than one whale" proceeds to survive it edit: just checked the other comments and someone already made this joke i didnt copy it i just had the same idea
The reason that the poison should not work is not because its pseudoscientific BS, its because poison is ingested, not injected, and what is always portrayed is actually venom.
Straight clowning hahaha I love you guys!
LMAOO THE CONVO😭
You poisoned him 3 ways to Sunday.
I love how they explain everything that’s happening in the fight just like how the characters do in anime
he should just write anime
“You won’t be killing the humans of this Earth… Or me, today.” That he can stand up to this poison now makes ALOT more sense.
The villain may ask "WHY AM I TOXIC?"
akame ga kill
Why you kill the other 16 whales he a menace😂✌️
*Yess*
Poison dude be dangerous.
You killed 17 Wales? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Poison dudes don't be strong stall it's all they have
Person with the bounce board is like, "take more sun! Get more poison!"
Nigga u put poison in sun ligh?
Scp fans who know when day breaks are already prepared
4:07 The MC must not be that strong, there is a random NPC in the back casually walking his dog and the poison doesn't seem to be doing much
This was the funniest video y’all made
ah, looks like day broke again. ok, call the foundation and get them to boot up scp-2000
if exposition was banned in anime every single show would be like 5 mins long
Deku vs Stain lol
Demon in demon slayer
GOD DAMMIT SHINOBU
Me watching this: the whalessssssss whyyyyy
Looking at you hxh
The YES is just perfect
Poison seller, I'm going into battle, give me your strongest poison!
Man's really used a Yew Bow ass poison
The absolute unwavering conviction to become the strongest by any means necessary.  Respect.
This was konkuro vs sasori huh
“Yeas”
When the character starts throwing hands the poison pulls up
Me gets a scratch:... Me also getting sick and obviously poisoned... Cassidy voice: HOW???
Shut ins Will survive
when he said “aint no point in telling you shit you ignorant” i felt that
Hey, y'all. Watching this drunk is one hella experience.
Desmond was just standing there like 🧍🏾‍♂️
Deadass had a light in the sunlight. I see that glare on his right side of their body.
But this is venom, not poison.
Damn. He created covid
Poison in the sunlight that can kill everyone  People in the background:nah that shit weak
No One:  Desmond: Yes
I have to win the fight
whoooa you can't just upload Sasori vs Kankuro
“ Yes” I loved the ending haha
Lmfao he has naruto’s powers !! Talk crazy to them dudes 💀💀💀💀
Aren’t you supposed to consume poison? 😂
2:07 ESO Oblivion 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
MY MAN POISONED THE SUN THO
Yooooooooooo I’m so doneeeeee you had me laughing OMG no cap 😂
I'm sure his poison can't defeat the power of friendship
Shinobu in real life 😳
Rest in Peeeace!😂
Investing all your points in charisma and endurance
"You ignorant"
No one gonna talk about how he managed to use POISON UNDERWATER, find SEVENTEEN WHALES, AND KILL THEM ALL despite the resources, time and energy to do all that. These anime characters are capping lol
Is this supposed to be demon slayer?
He actually poisoned his cereal, his sword wasn't poisoned
The fact that this guy killed seven whales makes him the most evil person in anime
villain be like:i've won ut at what cost
Shinobu Kocho be like:
Gets poisoned: I’m okay, I’ve felt worse. Me: THERE IS POISON GOING THROUGH YOUR BLOODSTREAM WHATT
4:23 yess 😅😅😅😅🍿😅😭😂
Corporations be like
"You will not be killing the humans of THIS earth." 🤣
He's so determined lol. "So everybody's gonna die?" *ＹＥＳ*
I’ll still have my poison.
All that poison,  die of disappointment.
He started the event “When Dawn Breaks”
17 whales.
How is he immune then?
"This small scratch poisoned me, impossible!"  Anime writers:Anything is possible because...   P L O T
this how i feel about the nigga TIE from new brunswick NJ who pepper sprayed me. i still hit him with a 1-2 n fucked his shit up..
Giving me One Piece vibes
He overcloked the sun
Demon slayer flashbacks
Villain: "after I'll kill everyone I'll make more poison get more powerful no one will stand up to me!" Hero: "no one will stand up to you cause they will be already dead and what are you even gonna do after everyone's dead. huh?" Villain: "it's simple I'll make more poison get more powerful!" Hero: "everyone's dead who you gonna one up?" Villain: "it's simple I'll make more poison get more powerful!" Hero: "bruh." Villain: "I see my 99th poison finally took effect." Hero: * already dead * * 12 hours later * Villain: "i see my 159754th poison took effect." Hero: * basically just bones at this point *  (Hope you enjoyed what was suppose to be a short joke but turned into a whole script leave a like if you actually read through.)
the antidote for the 3rd poison is just sunscreen
Hey don't judge me
Lol
Bruh but when he says "yes" 😂😂😂
Shinobu be like:
🤣😆🤣
It's TV poison so it starts off weak and gets stronger until you find the antidote, instead of just killing you in seconds/minutes or fucking you up and then wearing off
._.
This shit is hilarious 😂😂😂 spot on
"It does DOT so its poison" ""Its fire"" "And its DOT so its poison"
‘’U hoed the other 16 whales’’
this seems fammiliar this sounds like demon slayer
Man Beautiful day In the Beach.          *Falls over.*
"Yes."
Truly accurate was the protagonist with 18 whale Kidneys...
Male shinobu?
I this the poison killed his braincells
Anyone noticed that when the poison in the sunlight took affect no cars were in the back round
Imagine walking in the park and seeing this lmao
4:13 “there ain’t gonna be no body to fight”      Car behind him: ye I’m not human
The accuracy in this 😂😂
Covid?
"Bro, you killed 17 whales? Why tho" "Boi what part of 'bad guy' do you not understand" "Look at him! He didn't have nothin to do with this fight!" "Bruh."
Bro I’ve seen something like this
Pain be like....
As an anime villain, I win by the power of this gun I found.
Yesss......
"You hoed the other 16 whales" Done
Imagine walking your dog at the park and seeing 2 adults playing with toy swords
*Meanwhile* the Mayuri vs Szayelaporro fight is STILL going on to this day
There was a car in the back
This is the most effective villain ever.
Evil:I poisoned the sunlight Good: Bro Everyones gonna die now Introverts/Gamers: FOOLS I AM Inevitable
"i would drink poison instead of effecting me" - Sigma male
Theres like at least 3 Naruto villains that are exactly like this, namely Sasori
He killed every one but he didn’t cause that lady and her dog and the car
when he shakes his head at the end i really felt that one
Tryhard
It wasn’t mass genocide it was just necessary Sacrafice
Forgot the part where the poison guy is crazy n shit
The swift lynx elderly trick because saw bilaterally perform between a learned jaguar.  fixed, better salary
I had to win the fight.
YES
I've seen poison used a million times in anime and it's killed like 2 people XD
This dude is literally so toxic
Yes.
2:00 Shinobu:Am I a joke to you
"ain't no point in telling you nothin" haha
This reminded me of shinobu
Plot twist... this was just a crazy poison hallucination
Sacrifice is required.
He had to win the fight ig
"No human is surviving one whale" He says while surviving 17🤣
3:14 SCP-001 "When Day Breaks" in a nutshell
No but fr
Spot on
Literally orochimaru
That generic villain laugh always get me lol
man that's the environment...
No human survived poison that could kill 1 whale 🤣🤣
The “that’s selfish” got me
"Messing up the enviroment bro"
You could’ve lived if you remembered your friends….!!🤣
This reinforces my low opinion of anime and the fans who think it's even remotely close to good story telling
How hr acts when you send 1 mildly offensive email
sasori:wha-
Yes
Don’t worry he didn’t die in the end the power of friendship and flashbacks revived him
Bruh I'm getting punk hazard ptsd..
It got so awkward that it was funny as hell. LOL
SCP-001: When Day Breaks origin story
Basically in every anime they bring a sword to fight I just be bringing a gun
sasori from naruto
lmaoo this man said "I put it in random spots across the planet" like what
I've won.. but at what cost
And as the MC is going down, one of they friends comes and protects them
He didn’t give a fuck no more
No 🧢 Des might be the second best actor on da squad calm villain to I’ll whip ya a$$
So fuck 'em huh?
I love how accurate this is lol
How can the poison work if he didn't cuted to the blood veins so how did he poisoned him?
Forget about poison, cover a blade with HIV positive blood.
Yes
😂😂😂!!! Thanks Rdc!!! 4 vid!!! And😂😂😂!!! U did that 2 whales and the environment!!! 😂😂😂!!!
acting still terrible. Still funny to watch.
How Akame basically be lmao, most op shit ever
You just an ignorant villain. You know that huh?
😆😆😆😆✨🤙🏿❤️💯
Daily reminder Goku solos itachi
"I can't behead demons with physical force, so I'll use a poison I created" - Kocho Shinobu... I think...
“I had to win this fight”
“You got a family? Fuck em huh?”
muzan fight in a nutshell
"Is that really going to be the last thing I hear before I die?"  "Yes."
Sakura vs Sasori granny Chiyo and Sakura both poison Sasori and dead
**Man gets poisoned**  His enemy: T H I I C
*The sun is a deadly laser*
The smug chuckle after every time the good guy stumbles really sells it
No point in telling you anything 😂😂😂
"I-I have to win the fight" whole point of Jon Jon power up
a certain demon slayer character cough pillar cough
Yes
My immediate thought is sasori
Rawr
Ngl, was waiting for: "You fool, you poisoned yourself!" "That's where you're wrong, and YOU are the fool! I ingested a special poison, that's poisonous to other poisons, but completely harmless to me, I'm immune to all poisons!"
The whales died for no reason at all lol
How much  potions in that sword
That's best villain
0:35 ''i've been through worse'' 1:35 i've been through worse'' 2:45 i've been through worse'' 3:57 i've been through worse'' 4:23 i've been through worse'' 4:29 i've been through worse''
he sneezed on his sword
Goku lol
The sunlight poison actually started to make sense but he couldn't expand on it lol. UV is a radiation and too much of it actually poisons the body basically he turned sunlight into the effects of a nuke. That's an OP power.
Kills the whole planet But he did won the fight
0:10 Kamui
This is literally the final Muzan fight
Uggggghhh shit here we go again
I watched this 3 months ago but it seemed like 3 years
no cap
Yo thats hyterical😂
Btw not to nitpick but it's venom not poison. Poison is something you ingest. XD.
Not for this post.  Why is it that youtube bans videos and content that actually entertains and engages the audience 🤔 but leave these news stories untouched. I thought that youtube was for the people but now it seems as youtube has become "add-tube" and has forgotten about its users in the past decade. Shamefull for a company that is supposedly "all about you"
Potion seller. I am going into battle, and I need only your strongest poisons.
Bro FOLDED red Jacket smooth asf😂😂😂
I couldn’t stop laughing
That sun poison be straight facts
The whole video is an allegory to modern-day pollution and climate change. "Poisoning the Air", "amplifying the UV ray".......the villain represents is an obnoxious rich dude who just wants to make money out of the future generations. In the end, as our protagonist says there will be no one left to fight which is again an allegory that says there will be nothing left for you to enjoy that wealth you have earned. What good is money if you have no one to enjoy it with?
😂😂
Man, this enemy reminds me of how my little cousin would play
* cough cough* SASORI*cough cough
Actually the end should be that the protagonist manages to kill the villain then fall on the ground and his friend will save him
0:10
plot twist, ur clothes are poisoned
Demon slayer references are awesome.
The way he says yes.
NGL but-  That white bandana looks soo out of place on his Black skin xD  It's literally SHINING 😂
It’s like akame lmao
😂 “look at him” 2:07
How is the bad guy alive
"How much poison you want?"  "Yes"
Battleing orochimaru be like😂😂
Luffy don’t know what the fuck these two talking about lol
The random bystander falling out was funny as hell! Lol
“1 whale was enough” 😭😭
2:08 😭🔥
I have to win the fight
Tanjiro be like: 00:35
😂😂😂😂 Man these videos are so entertaining
0:48 I think the villain injects the poison into the whale then it dies extracts the poison and does it again until it's no more poison or it's to weak to kill it
The sun wait don’t that mean he done killed every white person out in the sun
0:48 Uh I .. I tested it …  0:50 “ U killed 17 whales ? “ Desmond : Yes That had me dying 😂
“BIG LIVER BIIIIG LIVER YAAAAH”
*top ten anime deaths*
shinobu laughing hard rn 💀💀
17 whales
It’d always a poison or a virus 😂
Meliodas gets poisoned* doesnt affect him once his sword goes away*
_WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT TO ENVIRONMENT_
Ah, my slow acting poison has taken effect, I poisoned the cow that made the beef for your McDouble last Tuesday, you’re truly finnished now you pitiful swordsman....
Bro this is literally the first naruto shippuden arc.
Mangekyo Sharingan: *Amateur.*
shinobu be like:
Lol this video is art good job making it
😂😂😂👽👽🤣🤣🤣pure evil
Time to be added to the list of villains who actually have killed a MC
bruh i got that sword
If this was based on Baki: “ Hah, this poison may have killed 17 whales, but unlucky for you, every day I imagine each one of my white blood cells doing 50 push ups and 100 sit ups. ( one punchhhh!) so they shall defeat your poison while helping me perfect my Drunken Fist technique”
You're a scoundrel. You have no respect for knights. You have no respect for anything... except your potions.
Weebs: Ha
3:44 "Thank you"
You hoed the other 16 whales 🤣😆🤣😆🤣😆🤣
Just an ignorant villian stop for what lol
Hanzo of the salamander:
Bruh I find it funny that he just like forget every body I just got to win this fight
The spiteful watch conversly grab because baseball obviously marry next a wrong orchestra. zesty, vagabond soprano
Yes
the scream at the start hahahahaha i fina diee
"You hoe'd the other 16 whales"🤣
You can him many things, but a loser ain't one of them.
main character : i brought my piano the covid 19 : shit on ded villan : ok im ded
“Ain’t no point in tellin you nothin, you ignorant”  How it feels to fight Frieza
Sasori in a nutshell
“I have to win the fight” I’m wheezing lmao
The villains laugh every time the poison kicked in was hilarious. The final nod of disappointment was absolute gold.
Until poison users are Aizen, Frost will be the best.
This literally happens in bleach.
3:05 Im dead LOL
“I amplified the UV rays” he basically said “super cancer”
Heyyyy
😂😂😂
I know this man isn’t wearing a white sneakers on grass
this is so true
“It’ll kill everyone on earth.” Me: “I’ll just win every fight consecutively this way.”
Poison fetish(but ill still have my poison)
the last one reminded me of scp-001
Meanwhile Baki just goes 💪😮‍💨
I don't see why people don't use poison in anime sure it may be cowardly but who cares if you're winning
"you got a family?" "Yes" "Fuck 'em huh?" I laughed way harder at that than I probably shoulda lol
grammar lol
0:40 nice chrollo refference
You killed 17 whales? Why tho?
he had to win the fight
😆
I finally cracked when the bystander died and the protaganist apologetically said "Rest in peace!" as if the dead dude could still hear him.
Dude if i aw this i would dress up and be like aight what we doing
Shinobu
omg i love how they go into anime mode and then when there is no logic the other guy starts explaining logic
Now some random old man save him,so he can take revenge
"Yes"
After all that dialogue DIO : 1 second has passed
Gots to see it thru my boi
Looks More Like Obito's Kamui TBH
*Mayuri from bleach has entered the chat.
When you're just watching Anime and then walk into this man's poison inside your house
whiteo snek
Omg
I have to win the fight.
"You got a family...fuckem huh"? Lmao
The acting is so dogshit that it makes it funnier
Desmond may be the best actor in the group....though i know Mark would say otherwise🤣🤣
U killed 17 whales..
I have to win the fight! 😂😂😂
For a second i though that was genjutsu
this is also to those who use ftk card game deck and burn decks
This villain it's stupid  Like he didn't know what his plans were he didn't even know what he was doing with the uv ray's
I mean i get it. He has to win the fight..
Fucking Mayuri 😂😂😂💔
I DIO!!!!! HAVE POSIONED YOUR FATHER!!!! MUDA!!! MUDA!!! MUDA!!! MUDA!!! MUDA!!! MUDA!!!
How is that guy with poison still standing isn’t the poison in the air
"Do you know what your talking about"  'no'
Only the antagonist will do those to the protagonist
It reminds me to, akame ga kill
I love how chill Desmond is during this whole interaction lol
Aye why Leland fall like that😂😂😂
I haven't laughed this hard in a long time, this shit was great <3
Askin from Bleach liked this video!
The humans of "this" earth lol
When they think you are just a "support".
Please keep these videos coming 🙏
U need grammer
He made the UV rays so strong that the sword disappeared.
Top 10 saddest anime deaths 🤧
LMFAO
If Claude from fire emblem three houses was evil.
Idk why but I'm so impressed at the use of that effect when the poison kicked in. That shot was great
Definition of poison spam
This is one of there top skits
"Ummm Yeah" "some guys are running in the park with swords"  * Hangs Up *
Ik they got that whale bulshit from hunter hunter 😂😭😭
“I need it to cut people, so I can poison them”😭😂
This is what was bout to happen to kirito if i lowkey forgot her name did not save her
We need an all black anime
The third one is when I’m hungry but I just woke up
Poison is to be eaten venom is other
Tue troo
Nigga put poison in the sun rays😂😂😂😂😂 jon jon
Never heard a man pronounce dull as duel 🤣 they the 🐐
Is this meant to refer to sasori?
Villain: Has a very poisonous weapon Villain: *Proceeds to lick it*
Just image your walking and see this, what would you do?
I like how the poison doesn't affect him when he saying something smart
That's cool, but you are about to experience enough venom to kill 4,000,000,000 megaladons
That 1 guy chillin on the sidewalk
So basically mayuri vs szayel
League of Legends players gon survive then
17 whales
Caustic be like
"yes"
https://youtu.be/kBgloRGgrPY
Murasame
this video is so jokes.
Make this into a drinking game by drink every time he said "yes". So did you pass out?
just fucking breathes on him and he's poisoned
Lol fr
He just had to win the fight
*YES*
I love this video
I have to win the fight😭
You got to respect Desmond’s winning mentality though. Inspiring.
17 whales?? this guy is the real villain
This ninga
😂😂😂😂😂😂
The main character didn’t have the power of friendship cause they already dead from the poison
Z
😂😂😂😂 mayuri
3:14 SCP-001 when the day breaks moment
Akama ga kill be like
leland just falling and dying killed me XD
I have the same sword :D
But some wales are endangerd :(
yes
🗣rest in peace🚶🏿‍♂️
Is nobody going to question how he managed to get 17 whales?
"i have to win the fight" 😂
“You got a family”  “yes..”  “Fuck em huh?”  😂😂😭💀
Discord mods gonna survive.
*Still won tho*
Luffy vs crocodile be like
Sunlight poisoning OP...he is the one who created cancer
"You hoed the other sixteen whales"
3:29 Mark: “you got a family?” Desmond: “yes” Mark: “fuck em huh” 😂
Is this the same anime called "Desmond"?
"yes" im dying at just this
the humour in this video is their best
Yess.. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This park is rdc’s studio 😂😂
Yes.
New naruto looking pretty good
So basically the end of Demon Slayer in a nutshell....
"I have to win the fight" Dude there is going to be no one to fight ever with that stunt
If you do a try not to laugh with any of these skits you would loose instantly
protagonist : 0:55 also protagonist : 1:25
Akame’s sword be like:
How it be in anime with the use of poison in fights.
Yes
This is basically Shinobu if she was a villain
“Look at him!”  *dude drops dead* “He ain’t even have nun to do with the fight!”  That shit had me bro😂😂😂😂💀
poision is the most cheap thing you can use.
Bro this had me going
Forgot the it will take 3 mins for it to take over your whole body
😂😂😂
The “poison can kill 17 whales” is a Reference to Chrollo in HXH lmao
Homie literally made it looked like it slided the earth
also like,, how do you measure poison potency in 17 whales,, you just use different drops of poison in 17 different whales. like how do you use one drop on 17 whales at once? anime logic~
YES
Yet he somehow survives the poison despite having no way to train his immunity to it
And somehow they win with the power of friendship
Manifestating plot armor with tragic back story *KEEYAH*
if might guy was a bad guy he legit (tried to) sacrifice himself to delay madara
How yugioh battles be but instead of poison it’s trap and magicards plus some effect cards
😂😂😂
this kind of scene needs to be in every anime ever
"you got a family?" "yeah"  "Fuck em huh"  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😄😄😄😄😄😂😂😂😂😄😂😄😂😄😄😄😄💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
3:29  Mark: "You got a family?"   Desmond: "Yes."   Mark: "Fuck 'em, huh?"   I'm goooone 💀💀💀 😂
Yeah if I was in anime I wait to fight somebody like that somebody that use poison
You should do goku who always shows up late but knows everything and who get the shit beat out of him and still wins every single time
You guys are killing me with laughter! Love these amazing videos! Keep up the awesome work!
1.3k dislikes wtf??
Yes
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT
Every anime if they stab the armpit: short as hell
The Akatsuki-ish cloak makes this even funnier.🤣
Crying 😭😭😭😭😭🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🙏
LMAO! "I put it in the sunlight"
Every part of this was great 😹😹😹
Poisoner must be a student of Mayuri Kurotsuchi.
ayo shinobu kocho that u?
That shit really weak😂😂
I love the thumbnail of this video
Yes.
hahahahaha that's selfish
"we gotta both live in it" 😂😂
i dont touch grass im immune to the sunlight poison
Jesus loves you. Jesus is coming soon for the Rapture. Give your life to God and dedicate it to him. To be saved, believe that Jesus died on the cross to save you of your sins and rose 3 days later. Confess that with your mouth and confess that he is King. Ask him to come into your heart and forgive you of your sins, then repent of your sins. After you do all that you'll be saved. Once you're saved, focus on living a spiritual and holy life. Read your Bible, pray, and talk to God every single day. Amen🙏🏽
The main char giving up is so unrealistic
Why does Mark always wearing white pants in skits where he falls on the dirt? Like bro, you messing them joints out😂
Respect to the camereman for withstanding the poison to record this
That whale logic tho 😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 No hell naw all them logic hellllllla funny.
demon slayer but reverse gender
😄😄😄dead
A better ending" PLOT AMOUR *STABS* *WINS* SOMEHOW BC HE DIES ALL THE POISONING GONE *SAO THEME SONG STARTS PLAYING* *LOOKS OFF INTO THE SUN SET*
Mark: Wow! You are a villain, forreal you the realest villain.  Desmond: Thank you.  ☠️☠️☠️
You got a family? Yes. Fuck em huh? 😂😂😂
I like how the car in the background is just cruisin
Lol so many poison
"It didnt even scratch the skin" "My poison has finally taken effect" Poison: **Goes inside the body**
"Is a necessary sacrifice"  "You have family"  "They have to die" "Make more poisons, be more powerful" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 the best villain of all the stories. With him our death is already in place.
And after this, they somehow became friends and poison dude randomly forgets his most powerful abilities
This nigga said the sunlight
U got a family?.... fuck em huh?😂😂😂😂😂
They had to die, I had to win the fight.
why desmond lips always dry
"I would never have even had beef with you if I had known you would go this far!"
Desmond got me rollin. He a super villain to the max🤣🤣☠☠
This is Redo Of Healer levels of extrapolating the concept of poison (or healing magic in the show)
Desmond: I amplified the UV rays Mark: Man what does that mean bruhhh Desmond: That means it’s basically poison   💀💀💀💀😭😂
There are poisons that work just on skin contact (I know it’s a skit but I like needing out)
when i seen Leland part i died with him..💀
..thank you. 😂
If you reach REAL hard, this could be seen as commentary on companies destroying the environment for "profits". That line at the end, "there ain't gon' be nobody left" "Don't matter, I still got my poison". Replace "poison" for "profit" and this is a critique of the capitalist mindset. I know this video is just them fucking around making fun of anime but I thought it was kinda interesting.
Thumbnail is legendary
“Damn what the hell are you doing??” “Y E S”
Poisoning the sunlight
Desmond is like top 5 anime villains.
In the end he will have no one to poison but himself
He was serious about winning lol
Your the realist villain   Dio: AM I A JOKE TO YOU
Bruh I’m crying you hoed 16 whales
Hero: “you’ve won but at what cost?!” Villain: “i have some dope poison”
this that bleach fight with the scientist and the other scientist arrancar
You killed 17 whales for this video bruh?
his concern for the needless death of 16 whales was stronger than the poison, that's a real environmentalist
Nice broken English in the title
“But I’ll still have my poison”
Desmond: poison in the air Me: Ashisogi Jizo😂😂😂😂
Suzume bachi😂😂😂😂 for Soifon lol
My nigga he gon die to ain't Gon be no food
This gotta be the best skit u guys made this sht funny asf
U got a family.. fuck em huh 😂😂
How do u know that.. u killed 17 whales 😂😂
The quick pancake unquestionably pine because course uniformly flower between a rightful carp. bored, cheerful kimberly
*"Yes."*
😂😀😂😀😂😀😂😀😂🤣
“I  know but I’ll have my poison” lol love it.
The Cameraman is the strongest person on the planet, he handled the poison.
MY boi how many poisonsions u got. My dude put poison on the sun .
“Do u know what your talking bout” “No but it’s basically poison that’s all that matters”
Just say Yes
If he woulda laughed again at 3:12 that would have been perfect
“You’re right but I’ll still have my poison.” 😂😂😂
I need it to cut ppl to poison them 😭😭😭😭
desmond lookin so proud after each poison attempt 💀
“I have to win the fight” 😭😭😭
$$$$$Dogecoin is going to be bought up by the the government no one under 400000 will be able to buy dogecoin and theyll have the owner of dogecoin drop the cap and it will be there outer space coin ....outer space coin to the moon 🌙 to Mars and beyond the solar system!!!!!!$$$$ elon musk will have earth 🌎 rocking loving this coin and he didn't invent it....
Mark should use potion from potion seller it counter the UV ray poison
Tbf it would be radiation poison so he not wrong
Y’all are so damn accurate with these anime skits tbh
That nigga made one of his poisons skin cancer 😂😂
Yes.
the mc be hella dumb too like bro just go to the hospital  u cant fight through poison💀
“You gotta family? Fuck em huh?”
Bruh This Is The Funniest Shit😭😭”That Shit Weak I’m Not Even Gone Lie To You”
Word Villains be annoying ASF .....I want to destroy everything and and get strong who you Gon fight
To survive the deadliest poison: The Art of Being Confused and Question All Logic
1:40 Those people in the background are either working for this villain and have the antidote or they are the 1% immune to all poison. 1:58 They are celebrating their survival! 2:15 That guy is walking along the path, regretting living through the Sun's Poison. He lost his family.
Me when I have to explain stuff to ppl over 20 times 4:15
whenever you think about it, any poison in a large enough amount can kill 17 whales
3:13 Yeaaa he had to be holding laughter in
LMFAO!!! "17 WHALES?! WHY WOULD YOU DO THAT!?" "You SELFISH!!!" 🤣🤣🤣
Been binge watching them. Definitely deserves an Oscar for that acting.
yes
If we talking poison he should fight rimuru lol
The sword dude is like, "damn dude with all that work you could have just gotten really good at the sword. You turned the sunlight into poison, do you realize how easy the sword is to learn?"
So good
“Yes I killed 27 whales. Yes I put odorless poison all around the planet. Yes I put poison in the sunlight to kill everything the sun touches. Fuck my family, fuck the planet, and everyone on this earth. Only I get the antidote. I win, bitch.”  Damn Desmond hella evil for no reason.
My guy said “isn’t 1 enough” then proceeded to walk it off clearly he need to kill more than 17 whales
This remained me of when crocodile poisoned luffy
It was a necessary sacrifice! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
“Do you know what you’re talking about?”  “No”
In order to poison you, I had to poison myself...it's a necessary sacrifice.
The "You out that poison in the sunlight?!" line kills me everytime. I'm over here crying. Everytime I watch this one I replay it like 5 times
AYOO 😭
i mean  how about almost every time someone is bad  in the future he gonna change side  and become goody goody i saw that i dont know how many time it just ....crazy
How could that villain not die he was on the sun light
i think the villian was born from poison
“you da realest villain.. thank you”😂
Bill gates you just going to blot out the sun right? You got a family? F$%k em right?
Bro I think the villain created Covid-19
😂😂😂
You kno that huh 🗣yes
This is literally how we played as kids
These be the most annoying and most frustrating scenes bro
Desmond is always the bad guy 😂
At least I still have my poison lmaooooo
So wouldn’t the people who use poison in Anime should be using venom. I was under the impression venom is injected into the blood stream and poison is ingested.
"poison is a coward's weapon" That summarizes the entire video in 2 seconds
Selfisish and ignorant lmfaooo
Fuck em huh 😂😂😂
Desmond talk no jutsu
That 18th whale that didn't die: This poison kinda strowng but I'll be aight
this was made on my 11th birthday
Poison OP bruh need nerf
yes
He smoking poison pack
For some reason this makes me think of Kenshi
Rip the whales
That random guy tho
Lmfao
Yes yes I have to win the fight, so it's a sacrifice I need    lol
Basically sasori from naruto
Thanos be like: “I’m gonna wipe out half the universe so the other half can eat” 😅
Mans really started scp 001
Jeff Bezos when he gets all the money.
Nobody: Shinobu:
a light version of shinobu
Ayooo lmao
You put the poison in the sun light
Why did you kill 17 whales
HunterxHunter and the bens knife
Win at all costs
Shinobu be like:
Yes
The super december continuously grate because guitar ectrodactyly wrap on a eight peer-to-peer. awful, jumpy bag
“I had to win the fight”😭
"Yess" 😄😄
bruh the poison cant get in his blood if it dont cut skin what you mean?
Jesus love you all
The whole video I was wondering why the guy that made the poison wasn't dying either like I'm confused
“ yes” 😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
*kills half of the world’s population* The villain: “They needed to die, it’s a good sacrifice, I need to win the fight”
...yes
The accuracy 😭
17 🐳 😂
Lmaoooo
"You just an ignorant villian huh" ......."yeah😂😂😂😂😂
p o i s o n
.... I have to win the fight
"Rest in peace 😧" rofl
Yes...
Rapture be like
You no what you talking about.  No!
He’s better then these villains in theses movies
Yo broke character to tell him that sh!t really weak😂😂
Alternate title: 5 year olds playing pretend with each other
Yes,lol.
That’s dedication
This is the funniest video ever
The same noise in legend of Korra when the poison working LOL
What about AFTER the fight?
“...you killed 17 whales?”
How are yourl not billionaires yet bro your content has me in tears😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭
“Yes”
The placid bead lovely dress because enquiry fundamentally hope plus a quirky seal. dependent, vast net
'I had to win the fight'
Nigga dosen't know the difference between radiation and uv rays XD
shinobu kocho be like
This is how that one movie about sunlight killing people was made
Killua: Cant care less die
Askin Nakk Le Vaar basically
😭😭😭
Yo why is this video so funny 🔥😂😂😂
yes..
I see Mark is trying Talk no jutsu knowing that he can’t win.
Never laughed so hard😂
This reminds me of Yugioh for some reason, maybe traps instead of poison.
There are tears in my eyes 😭😭😭. It progressively got more hilarious with how deadpan Desmond was.
this for that one nigga from bleach, who be doing poison all the time.
Ong like this anime shit is so extra and dramatic for no reason
Think villain think! What will you have in 5 hundred years?    Poison.I'd still have poison
Yehs.
Poor whales
just use the power of friendship. proven to conquer anything..
2:07 😭😭😭
2:43 I was positive this was you shitting yourself
This is so true in anime.. also love how he always turns the ridiculousness up to an 11
Poison lives matter I guess ☣️☣️☣️☣️☣️☣️☣️
Evil bastard 🤣😂😂😂😂😂🤣😂😂🤣
“Why though.”
“I pit poison in the sunlight” “Man how d’u do that!”  (Sounds of Pythagoras incoming)
After everyone except the villain died on earth. The villain: I've won but at what cost? Oh right I won.
hero be dieing and be like na fam this right here wasn't worth it lol
No body else to fight... What now Villain? What Now? After everyone is gonna.....?😵🤣🤣🤣🤣
0:09😂😂😭😭
This is too funny...bravo. 😭 hope for more🤣X10.
The greatest villain of all time 😂😂 Call him GVOAT the v is silent 😂😂😂😂
accurate af I was laughing so loud
Plot twist he died because he was the side character and couldn't handle it but the main character has immunity
"This poison is strong enough to kill 17 whales". Lmao! I swear everytime they make an anime video I crack up.
2:06 he collapsed lmaooo
"You killed 17 whales?!" "Yeas"  "Why tho? One whales would've been enough no human is surviving more than one whale" 💀💀🤣😭
Everybody gotta die that's crazzzzzzzzy ctfuu
Sasori is typing 🧵🥷💬
Sasori😂😂
Poison seller I'm going into battle and I need your strongest poison
Hunterxhunter’s Chorllo be like:
Shinobu is typing...
This is how every villain with poison do there job I mean why u gotta stand there when ur enemy is paralyzed instead of slashing his head off before the poison take off lol
Sasori
Full anime garb random orientalish bandana on arm lmaoooo
Lmao rip to random victim
DTLIB
“You Won ....but what you going do now?”
LOL y'all a trip..
This vid had me dying😂🤣
live action oblivion gameplay
That sunlight thing reminds me of when day breaks
You should do one on "Afro Samurai" 🤣
This villain cared more about those whales he killed than his own family.
DYES
Ignorant villain 😂😂😂
Lmao you put the poison in the sun? 😂🤣😂. I don't know why there are dislikes for this video he speaks nothing but facts 😂🤣🤣
My chest i just fell tf out 🤣🤣
Shoutout to that car in the back 1:51
Uhm isn't venom if it is caused outside of the rather then consumption.
*Akame in Akame ga kill*
Poison is how you pay2win irl.
the villain got high on his own product
I mean, we both gotta live here🤣
Captain mayuri  in a nutshell xD
The facial expression he has the entire video is fucking hilarious  LOL
This is too fuckin real dude
"you put the poison in the sunlight?!?" Lmao 🤣
That yes
yes
Do you know what you talking bout?   No, but it’s basically poison is all that matters 🤣🤣🤣
Killua be like OH NO so anyways
The antidote would literally be sunscreen lmaooo
😭😭😭😭😭 dawg fax
He said I amplified the uv rays 😭
Dude y’all get funnier and funnier every time fr I love rdcworld
😭😭😭😭😭 bro wtf 😭😭 I’m rolling this nigga said 17 whales 💀
The staggering amount of inconsistencies makes this so funny
I have to win the fight 😂
The “poison” in most anime’s: Will kill any side character but the MC just gets dizzy
“..yes”
Issa necessary sacrifice
Which anime is that source?
ddude won't be able to eat fancy in his favorite restaurant. But at least he has his poison.
*Y E S*
"I have to win the fight."
You the realest villian. Thank you.
SCP 001 be like
Mark: do you know what your talking about?  Desmond:No
imagine the anime the good guy and enemy star having a conversion why he kill seven whales for no freaking reason
I have to win the fight xD
Also, everything can be countered by a gun, and a parasol.
But what about the villain? Like earth will just be covered in poison and there will be nothing left in society or anywhere for that matter, because he'll just ebentilly get himself killed too lol
on point
"You got a family?" "Yes" "Fuck em huh?"💀💀💀
Just like mark said “we both gotta live here” that’s what everyone should be thinking when it comes to taking care of the earth
Fights in JoJo be like: I put poison in the sunlight
I was hoping for a flashback for him tho Too bad
Now we know how SCP-001 When Day Breaks was formed
2:08 this had me dying
" you got a family" "fuck em huh" funny as fuck
I have to win the fight 🤣🤣🤣
Imagine he just explains how he got poisoned and the main character just dies mid sentence. He's there like: *Umm.. hey... (Slap his body) hey bro!... Shit.... Uhh. Hey wake up man! You're supposed to have plot armor! Hey!* Him: 💀 Villain: *fuck the directors gonna kill me*
This video is so hilarious and cold if you just listen to it without looking at the screen
who is vin diesel pointing the gun at?
Amplifying UV radiation to the point its quickly lethal is a fairly terrifying ability.  For one thing I'm fairly sure it would scorch the planet if it were so energetic.
Shinobi been real quiet since this
This man pulled a "destroy the planet to win" strat like a true villian, if only poison villains where that cool
ok can we just talk about how he managed to "poison"? the SUN
0:10 mans went into avs and clicked bloom effect. jk whatever editing software you're using has a much better bloom effect than avs
"I had to win the fight" is now my answer to everything
Yess lmaooo
Agkh... do you feel that. They put poison in the comments.
I like how Desmond was trying his hardest not to laugh lmao.  And Leland just dropping from poison 😂
Obsessed with how y’all are just at a random park
Ol ignorant ass villian 😂
Yes
*Yes intensifies*
I mean, poison does work via touch or ingestion.  If it had to break the skin, it would be venom
Fun fact: if you put Toxin on Armour it's poisonous, If you put it on a weapon it's a venom
Evil villain get environmentally guilt tripped.
Everybody gangsta until the hero starts remembering his childhood
Lol these evil chuckles be killing me
"oh. Did I mention I love poison"
"You Got A Family?"....Yea....."Fuck Em Huh??"😤🤣🤣😭😭😭💀💀💀
One piece characters be like 0:10
You forgot the part where he gets a flashback pet talk and becomes immune to the poison
hey wait this isnt celebcity
Naruto be like
“You making me feel bad” lmao I’m weak
YES 😂😂😂😂
lets not forget the guy that puts it in spinach puffs, or the dude with the poisonous slap in Baki
akame 😷
Man wtf I literally can’t stop laughing I almost died literally wtf 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I might be wrong, but using uv to kill a black guy sounds really really dumb.
Bruh not even the villains fuck with this dude, they even hate him 🤣🤣🤣
Stop giving me flashbacks of the rumbar pirates man....
Hero: People are dying Villain: Yes, But its a sacrifice I"m willing to make.
Am I the only nigga that thinks Desmond looks like tory lanez?
“I have to win the fight”
*_Yes._*
reminds me of when shinobu killed ruis 'older sister'
Aint no point in tellin you nothin, U ignorant, you jus an ignorant villain.
Desmond is best villain out here like he doesn’t care about the world
The origin of When Day Breaks
Anime house 6
“You got a family? “  “Yes.”  “Fuck’em, huh?”
Hahahahhaha!!!!
I have never laughed so hard before 😂
Sunlight poison 😂😂
The 1st part reminded me of the 3rd luffy vs crocodile fight where his pOiSoN hook PoIsOnEd luffy by... scratching his skin
"You killed seventeen whales?"
DBS be like
"🤢ThEn WhAt YoU gOne Do NoW" 😂
Huge spoilers:          This is exactly how the end Demon Slayer felt, the manga I mean
Kakazu type beat
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Hit him with the sneak Frost hit.
Poison type pokemon trainers be like
3:04 That blink response says it all.
me in video games: please shut up *BANG*
1 whale poison aint enough if u still talkin bro
3:14 When Day Breaks: hey.
How could you guys forget the teeth gritting
Mark really said: smh *dies*
In the end, he himself was toxic af
“Yes” 😂
"Aight.."
Lmao
Anime poison villain: "n-yes"
might be the funniest RDC video I’ve seen 😂
No shit Sasori needs an entire stock of his poison
"Yes" 😂😂😂
“There’s no point in telling, you ignorant” DEAD 💀💀💀
After that the whales
Without the poison the Villian could just stab forward when the other guy is attacking.
How is the villain standing in sunlight and not feeling the poison? I expected him to feel his own poison hahahah
2:06 when you killing npc's in the middle of a boss fight
2:08 best part of this video.
The 1.1k dislikes was the whales
Instead of saying he want to be accurate he should’ve said “ because the main character always survive somehow so we need overkill in our life”
This is giving me shinobu vibes
griffith to guts be like: i had to win
Yes.
Anime writer here hoping to get a shout out
😂😂😂😂
“I amplified the UV rays!”  Heh little did you know, he’s black!! So is enhanced melanin will only absorb the UV rays and convert it into vitamin D!!!
Shinobu: *I didn’t know I came here to be disrespected*
He took the adequate necessary means to be the first villain to defeat the main protagonist for good, worth it.
Why did you destroy the world "I...I have to be the strongest" *logic,intelligence and common sense 100 achieved*
Lmao he's too op, I bet he has a poison that can even poison killua 🤣
I like when he says "they have to die" "Oh"
captain mayuri
This shit almost made me cry laughing
How did the Villian not get affected
I have to win the fight
So he gave everyone terminal skin cancer
Lmaooooo!
"So just f*ck your family huh?" "Its a necessary sacrifice, I have to win THE FIGHT"
plot twist: the antidote is just sunscreen
LOL this is gold
When Day Breaks
2:09 Oblivion NPCs be like :
‘you gotta family?’ ‘yes.’ ‘“fuck ‘em” huh?’ 😭😭💀😂
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT
Not being able to tell the difference between venom and poison too lmao
this reminds me of sasori poisoning kankuro
Boy I'm in class suffering trying not to burst out laughing
He didn't died to the poison, but the toxic talk with the villian
Sasori
This was Hilarious!!!!!!🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😅😅😅
Definitely one of the BEST videos, I still can’t believe how deep this one is while being hilarious. Great work guys! 👍
Sasori in a nutshell
I love how well yall do the condescending, anime laugh. It's spot on.
Man what does that mean bruh?
It's a nesscaey sacrifice. Oh okay.
Funny how the poison stops killing him when he has to rebuttal 😂😂
XD
3:39 i love how you can hear people's bodies dropping all around them after he told him about the poison in the sunlight
Did these guys use mirrors for lighting ? Lmfao
At least he said Rest In Peace
“That is just selfish, you got a family”  “Yes”  “So just fuck em huh” 😂😂
poison can be absorbed. by the human body
Isn't he supposed to die
0:26, 0:45, 0:52, 1:48, 2:15, 2:51, 3:06 (“…No!”), 3:16, 3:23, 3:30, 3:51, 4:23 “uYes!”
He just killing anyone atp💀
"Yis"
I like how this desmond said his can kill 17 whales when mark was still standing
😂 lol 😂 hahaha wow 😳😅 there will be no one else to fight 🤣🤣😆
Boy caught the Rona mid strike
Idk why this is one of the funniest videos they have done 😂😂
😆🤣
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This reminds me of when Baki got poisoned just cuz someone slapped him hard enough😆
reminds me a bit of kimetsu no yaiba (manga)
3:11 desmond is the proudest  man ever
Yes, but only for me!
"Yes"
Muzan vs Demon Slayer Corps in a nutshell
“... You killed 17 whales..?”
1:35 "Looks like my OTHER odorless poison has taken affect" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
ohhh boy that was funny
This is the funniest shit ever 🤣🤣🤣
Ain’t no point of telling you nothing you Ignorant
🤣🤣🤣
REPENT JESUS CHRIST IS COMING BACK SO SOON💗
Nigga said I’ll still have my poison 😂
This how they be fr just how frieza destroy planet naimek just to kill to goku knowing he ain't had no way to get home or someone would come save him
Hello skedadudlers
SCP-001 When Day Breaks.
Lol that's funny the sun absorbs shit and when it explodes it's over...
Yo yal frieddxd
The villains testing methods were heavily flawed. The weaponized poison investigation agency will be all over him
Is this satire on imperialist capitalism?
The Lord is Merciful and full Compassionate, slow to get angry and filled with unfailing LOVE that's why he become a human 2000 years ago. He become a human was to suffer and die on The cross to take the punishment for the sin of the WORLD. Your pain fell on him he was bruised for our inequities! You don't need to suffer for your sins because Christ suffered for us 2000 years ago!    God so loved us He gave his only begotten Son to die for our sins, so that we don't have to suffer and perish, but who so ever believes in the Lord our God shall not perish but have eternal life.
https://youtu.be/ijKAtzQY1wc
Hey @rdcworld1 are yall up on yasuke?
Now that the humans are gone, he can kill all the whales he wants.
No poison stronger than CalebCity's natural oils.
His poison is strong like train smoke (cough cough)
I died when he said, "That's selfish." 🤣
Lmfao!!!!! Funny shit
“That’s the environment man, like you know what I’m saying? We both gotta live here” beautifully said
He clearly wasn't the MC (main character.)
https://youtu.be/QjSyAnjE6Yo
“You got a family”  “Fuck em’ huh”
Mark: attacks Desmond: *poison bitch*
I imagine this is how caustic lives his life lmaooo
"Amplified UV rays? You made a hole in the ozone layer of the planet.... Just to kill me?"
this looks like a “you won but at what cost”  situation
“I put it in the sunlight.”  “You put the poison in the sunlight?” “Yes.”
The first 10 seconds must be Shinobu from Kimetsu no Yaiba reference lol
Me:wating for desmon to die  because he's in sunlight
I've watched this 3 times in a row lmao
"No human can survive 1 Whale" casually survives 17 Whales.
speaks in magellan
How the little sibling plays:  🙄🙄🤣🤣🤣
I thought you were going to go off one piece logic don krieg I have the most powerful poision  magellion I have the most powerful posion kukukuk ceaser I have the most powerful posion trulalalala queen I have the strongest poision  luffy whats poision is it food
Jokes
Desmond out here messing up the community killing 17 whales.
This poison is enough to kill 2000 babies How do u know that I tested it  .-.
Niggas in games with poison:annoying as fuck to beat hella powerful Niggas in games when u get em as charaters:weak asf
Imagine being a bystander watching bodies drop from thin air
This is my takeaway:      This man killed.17, whales to kill one nigga
one piece magellan type beat
I was drinking hot soup when he said "look at him!" At the camera pans to the dude just dropping in the park... I'm not even mad
the last few seconds of the video are basically undertale when a boss dies
scream akame from akame ga kill
My poison is so powerful, I've been continuously dying due to exposure and keep a necromancer on retainer to revive me should I                     inevitably succumb to my super potent poison.
it is like that. F to the whales
Demon slayer
2:08 How niggas be dying in Fallout 🤣
Akame
They had to pause for a second, cause Desmond had to fix his face and contain his laughter
*Thinks Chrollo vs Silva*
9/10 hero didn't won by power of friendship
That Akame sword 🤣
"You put the poison in the sunlight!?"   The way he said that and off camera had me rollin💀💀💀
0:26 Everytime my Friend tells me something good todo
Ayyy I peep these niggas steppin up the production work they got the reflections out here to keep them from bein on the dark side of the camera I peep that I woulda jus used aluminum foil no cap😭
“You ignorant”
yo that 17 whales shit got my ducking crying laughing lmfao
More like the Gillian who gets he’s sacrifices
I have a video similar to this man y'all always deliver, my vid is https://youtu.be/zJxqYsdPr6k
Why bring a sword u just fight with poison😂😂
Potion seller vibes
Why they always tryna make my dude out to be the villain
3:54 Bruh this the funniest shit I seen them do😂😂😂that Nigga said “hggn”😂😂😂
Ghost of Tsushima legends😒😂😂
Fake becayse the protagonist would killed the villain with his "ultra mega anti poison slash" And the villain would say "Impossible!" Before dying.
"I poisoned the sunlight"..... I lost it at that point. 🤣🤣🤣
Desmond always up to some evil shit
2:47 This is what I'm looking for.....  That's the real anime
“ That means it’s basically poisonous”. 🤣🤣🤣
Poison doesn't even act that fast lol
Hey thats me hahaha
when the villain feels bad for harming the environment but not the world (he also wants to end) 😭😂👌
Karen: my child is fine  Her child going out side for 1 second: 2:09
"I poisoned the sunlight" lmao this sound like something a villain would actually say in an anime or comic book
Literally just Kankuro vs Sasori
R.I.P. Shinobu
😭😭😭😭💀💀
"Yes"
I dont like anime but i like this kind of vids
naah guys that aint poison that's genjutsu
"You know that huh"  "Yes"   *DEAD*
But, how am I still talking? *Y e s .*
🤣🤣
When My hero academia makes a new main villain's quirk around poison
"I put in in the sunlight"
"Yes."
"Yes"
"I put it in sunlight" 😼
Des really give off a Tobias Whale vibe 😂😂😂
Person walking in the back is built different
bro it’s crazy how these mfs do what they love and are so fucking funny
Rest in piece
Only side character  die by poisson
1:35 when the taco bell final hits
"I put poison in the sunlight", sounds like some dumbass stand's ability araki made up.
The ominous laugh every time the poison kicks in 😂
Too raW lmao
"There will be no-one left to fight" The bois who are in the closet for 50 days: "Goodamn what happend outside"
POV: you had to read the title more then once.
"thats the environment bro"
Yo, my cheeks seriously hurt rn, I've been binge watching these videos😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭💀💀💀💀💀
Damn he's got a lag switch
Plot twist: he's Samuel Jackson....... that man who's poisoned
Baki get poison be like
I'm thinking of that villain in Reborn
When day breaks
Ive never been...poisoned but i feel like poison doesnt actually do this
Little did he know the odorless poison was just his fart... silent but deadly.
Akame from akame ga kill. taste my blade OWARI DA  HAAAAAAA
This had me weezing
"I had to win the fight" Just cracked me up the whole vid
Tonpa has entered the chat:
John John with the metal jaw even a poison user now
When u guys finna make your own real life anime movie 🍿🎥 I would buy it ong 😅😂😂
loll nigga say he only has the cure for himself
Kurama's damn plant poisons -.-
yes but ill still have my poison me: bruhhh  hero: you have a family? villain: yes hero: fuck em huh?
I can't tell you nothing.  Dramatic as yes
how do you even disribute a cut to 17 whales?   I love all your videos man.
when day breaks
Mark: *Says literally anything* Villain: “but I have to win this fight”
How many villains have actually used poison.
This is my favorite rdcworld1 video 😂
He jus had to win the fight like y’all trippin
He should of fourth him while he was fitghting
But I’ve been threw worse ; me he’s about to win the main character strongest anime fighter . : no this poison is enough to kill 17 wale’s: me f this
Basically Scarecrow and Joker in every Arkham game
Sun poisoning is real and it sucks
Itadori be like: how does poison feel like?
SCP 001 be like: 3:17
The bad guy basically lost the fight
"You will not be the humans of this earth......... OR ME TODAY!" So powerful such a good speak
Bad guy: IVE POISONED YOU, CUT OFF ALL YOUR LIMBS, CASTRATED YOU, AND SKINNED YOU ALIVE HOW ARE YOU STILL UP? Killua: Nope doesnt count ssssstotaly part of my secret ninja training this happens alll the time
how the villa not die doe
Mark: you put the poison in the sunlight 🤣🤣🤣
bruh you should have started shaking like when you wake up from a good ass nap lmfao
i love the fact that you can just see a car in the bagground when he dies
Sure his Poison is strong, BUT CAN IT BEAT GOKU
The only thing that keeps the MC alive seems to be logic😂😂
I guess it would make sense if the one whale was the size of 17 whales combined lol
"Yes :)"
"I put the poisen in the sunlight" 🤣
This guy really used skin cancer poison with that sun trick, and he apparently has the cure
I'll still have my poison 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Best line
☠️poison☠️
Ahem Akame ahem
3:12 trying his hardest not to lose his shit
Beiing black people is LIT😂😂😂
"Real dreams change the world" :')
I put my posion in gravity!
aint no point in telling u nothing u ignorant 😂😂😂👌🏾
the bravery to film this in a public park
Shinobu be like:
"this small scratch poisoned me?!"  it be that type of poison that's like "a single micronanoleter of this is enough to *paralyze an elephant*  edit: i typed this before he said "enough to kill seventeen whales" lmfaoooo
This actually how it  be
Aye,At least he died clean.
You put the poison in the sunlight?! Bill Gates has left the chat:"
"That shit really weak I'm not gonna lie"
I put it in sunlight 😅😅😅
Vegita on my shoulder saying: Dumb villains do extremely dumb things. Dude poison the air and sunlight killing all plants and life on earth. Dude forgot he needs oxygen to breath. Obviously that antidote doesn't cure stupid.
we forgetting that the poison only activates before he does an attack
I love anime
*are
I have to win the fight.... AHAH
Man
NAH BRO IMA DIEE!!!😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭"its basiclly poisonous",  "my family can die"
The manga is a lot better than the anime
Tldr
Amplified the UV What does that mean? Basically poison How? Radiation... Oh Yes and then...cancer
This shit so silly 💀💀😭
this is how shinobu vs douma really went-
Ok so who’s winning in a fight Desmond or Pain??
bruh lol. nice lol.
Yo
Lmfaoooo boy just drops flat
you got a family? yes fk em huh they-they-they had to die lmao realist villain
So I’m just gonna die?  Yes.
Btw he was poisoned 3 times and survived for a while
2:09 💀
With the UV lights should of just said he gave him cancer
Yooo this one is it😭 best video you’ve put out since “that one person who takes anime to seriously”
How much poison do you have?  Desmond: yes
“Now my new poison has taken effect. It’s in the core of the Earth, which will eventually explode the planet. And I have the antidote only for me to survive the explosion!”
Tell him Mark.
we need that naruto talk no jutsu
*"Yes."*
"Yes"
“You got a family?”  “Yeah”  “So just fuck em?”   “I had to win the fight”  🤣🤣🤣🤣
He straight up created SCP when day breaks
This channel is one of guilty pleasure's.😂
Desmond be looking like Biden, staring off like that lmao
Leland 😭😂
**When the MC have plot to survive 3 diffirent poison**
The uv rays would give you cancer so he basically made a cure for cancer
How they know how many wales it can kill? do thy  poison one whale and suck the poison out of it then put it in the next whale?
RIP for those 17 Whales
Is that bandana on your head and arm your merch? Because is fresh af.
You hoed the other 16 whales 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Mark and the gang still showing us the cliche' of anime haha these dudes are LEGENDS
I can't with them!! I'm done!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂🤣
Yes
His poison is so powerful it actually kills the previous poison before it can do any lethal harm.
Boruto is better than naruto
Pretty much a guy version of Shinobu
Me when I have 6 different poison type Pokémon on my team
17 whales... 😂😂🤣🤣
Who the hell dislikes these videos?
🤣🤣🤣
Yes.
i fking died when the guy in the background died randomly, but it would've been more funny if he fell without using his hands
Poison users suck
LoL, dat Desmond be ruthless!!
When your poison is potent but Talk No Jutsu is much stronger.
Shit so funny
Shinobu be like
You got a family? Yes Fuck em huh?
Finally a anime where the "bad guy" wins ! ^^
Frost from dbs in a nutshell
"do you know what ur talking about"  "no" ☠️☠️☠️
I’d rather die standing than live kneeling
MASTERPIECE.
i think it’s imperative dat desmond wins dis fight
I am over here wondering why the poison in the sunlight didnt affect the vilain
Do a video about target workers vs Walmart workers
Me after eating cucamber : 0:10
I’m crying 😭
people in cars are fine so not everyone dead
Am I the only one asking myself how he used 1 poison on 17 whales
Amplified UV rays? You gave him cancer?
"You just an ignorant villain.. but you know that huh"  _"yes"_
Gordon be like:
Why would you do that to the environment?
Bro when he said that shit really weak 😂😂😂😂 I couldn't stop
never mess with chemical mfs
Bruh this dude gave everyone radiation poisoning
The 18th whale survived lmao
dont yall get weird looks
Fken dead 😭😭
😂😂😂😂
Loved when he shouts REST IN PEACE to the random guy
My friend after I explain the plot of When Day Breaks: 3:14
He amplified the uv rays? So like, he gave everyone cancer?
Yes! You just gonna kill everyone the whole earth? Yes! Lmao this was funny! Love the energy
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant, you just a ignorant villain” 😂
When will the super hero skit come out
One of the few videos where desmond is calm and collected. Otherwise he be raging xD
wthhh lollll how he put it in the sun :/ everyone should be f*ucking die
Caustic in a nutshell
Sasori vs kankuro be like:
So basically he made scp 001 “When day breaks”
Bro everyone has to die For  him to Die LMFAO
Rip that random guy that died
This is Legit how they react and this would have happened to them so many times in Anime
Sun poisoning is actually real lol
Shinobu's sword: 🥖   her poison: ☠💀
You guys are amazing... it’s amazing the questions you ask.
“Enough to kill 17 whales” “Oh so when you poisoned the 18th whale with the exact same poison it just lived”
You guys really need to make your own anime series lol
I just love how Mark had time for another 3 and half minutes of dialogue even though he had poison enough to kill 17 whales in his system lmao
Bro they always get so close to dying then somehow break free at the last moment
Cough cough sasori
I have to win the fight 😭😭😭
Villain: It was a necessary sacrifice. Killua: Well i've got bad news for you...
I like when theres a car and thats mean the driver die and the car just go straight foward
ah yes every demon fighting butterfly women (thats what i call her when i cant remember her name)
This made me laugh
Des- “I-amplified the UV rays...” Mark- “man.... what does that mean bruh?” Des- “that means it’s basically poison”  Lmfaoooo deadd
"His sword must be dull" is the greatest line ever
“You killed 17 whales, why!?” “I’m Japanese...”
bruh this is fr how Sasori was xD
Baki the grappler
Sasori: am I joke to you
RIP
@1:57 Hahahaha!😂😂😂😂
Yes 🙂
this is at least two whole arcs of one piece
Akame:
Nigga killed 17 whales😭😭😭
people that use poison in anime are usually so fking cool
i am afraid we will create AI like that. To make the tastiest milk we all will have to die fuc us
Even plot around and the power of friendship couldn’t save Mark
LMAO 😂😂😂😂
*slams door open* *_D O  Y O U  D O  P O I S O N?!?_*
The only thing that coulda topped this was the final line is “bye you lonely stupid bitch” lmao
I have to win the fight lol
Remember guys, it is illegal to kill whales, as great whales have been listed as endangered species under ESA.
When Day Breaks
😂😂😂
villain: I put poison in the sun, everyone is gonna die. Me who never get out : are you sure about that ?
This villain is cheating lmfao
“Everyone on earth’s gonna die! It’s the sun!”  Scp 001 fans:
I mean he has to win the fight
The most accurate part is: a villan in anime would literally kill everyone on the planet for no other reason than to prove they're the strongest
Unless it’s the mc then it only works for 5 seconds 😂
what about fire In anime?
Are whales even good indicators of lethality? Like, "I fed you enough chocolate to kill three dogs!"
"Well, no, I killed one whale with a 17th of the dose you just took"
*YES*
"I gotta win the fight bro"
He gave everyone cancer
Yes
Y'all wanna be Caleb city so badly
LOL, this villain needs to win the fight so badly, he be like, "Even if there's a 1% chance this hero is gonna win and defeat me, I have to take that as a 100% certainty!"
u cant get more accurate than these guys
Random
Desmond probably a real life villain off camera😂😂😂🤣
If you amplify uv rays, it’s radiation
"Ain't No Point Of Telling You Nothing You Ignorant Huh?" "Yes"
You forgot the two quick heartbeats as soon as they stop
That poison be in effect instantly bro
now thw mc's brother or family is gonna be the only one immune to the poison and they will spend their whole life training so they can take revenge
Learn japanese dude english anime aint it
Yes.
"Some of you may die. But that's a sacrifice I'm willing to make."  -A short dude with a facebook logo
Desmond is giving me CalebCity vibes
I uchiha madara claim this guy is more of a villian than me
when he talking he just forgets the poison exists
Poison? This is just him harnessing plot to kill the main character.
Victim: I have a family man.    Villan: True, true..... Idc
“Do you know what you’re talking about?”  “No.”  IM WEAK
Was that an akame reference
Yo thats good comedy
Potion seller, I am going into battle and I require your strongest potions...
MY MAN'S GOT POISON ON *DECK!!!*
Got to respect the poison guy for keeping it cool and not licking his sword, licking his opponent, licking things he finds on the ground.
So many plot twists 😂
😂😂😂😂😂
Those ,,yes"es are killing me😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
All that poison and the mc still didn’t die instantly? I think the sacrifices were necessary.
Fr half of naruto
4:08 mans in the background just immune to the poison
The 3rd poison was legit just giving them cancer
Mark : “You just an ignorant villain, but you know that though”  Desmond : “yes”
“You got a family, fuck em huh?”😭
4:05 lol cameraman couldn’t help but laugh at this one, this one is fucking gold. Pure comedy gold
*1:27*
“I don’t like fighting people like that” 🤣🤣🤣
He had to win the fight
He should've said "I'm still gonna kill you because I'm as strong as 18 whales ahahahaha"
Akatsuki be like
Don't forget anime poison is often acidic and can melt rock
We need a “I’ve won but at what cost.”
He really got grass stains on his white damn jeans for a video.  That shows commitment
No one at all: Hitler: My superpowers are supreme. *gases people with chemical warfare* America: I see you have chosen DEATH Hitler: kills him self
thats crazyyy
Sossrie my man
Desmond is trying so hard not to laugh 😂
You should have given the mc powers were he suddenly can cut poison you know how anime be 🤣
thumbnail of the year
Remember when mayuri gave people drugs that stopped thinking
But you forgot the most important part: The sudden antidote that the protagonist always gets, and then uses the villains own poison against them.
"I had to win the fight" 😭😭😭😭😭😭
necrophilia baby
lol true they be like this poison killed 4 horse and 3 bulls
That’s sasori
That final "Yes" 😂😂😂😂
I like how at first he was actually feeling bad about the environment, but when it came to the whole world ending he could care less
I put it in the sunlight.  I need to win the fight
“Like im just gon die”  “yes”   Ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you just arrogant. you just an arrogant villain. you know that huh”   “yes”    😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭
Hunter X Hunter when Chrollo slashes Killua's dad (forgot his name).
how he kept saying “yes” 😭😭😭😭
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
ain't no point in tellin' you anything you just ignorant, lol hahaha
Funny as all get out
Yo 17 whales? Why ain’t I dead yet?
Nani!!!!!
😂😂 yall boys wild
Yo this poison nigga cold. No cap.
Not Leland he wasn’t even in the fight 😂😂😂
CAUSTIC LAST SEASON
2:00 Corruption in For Honor be like
So stupid if u like anime why call it out
Around 1:37 is the Beginning of One Looooooooong "Nani"??!!!
yes
0:39: Why does this remind me of a Caleb City skit?😆
0:10: Pft! So true!😆
Funniest video ever
What is this poison , odor, poison and my moat powerful poison
Win a fight > family
2:13 my mom whenever she starts losing an argument with my dad so she starts hitting me.
And most of the time it ain't even the final villain
Dude gave everyone cancer just for this one fight
Seventeen whales, one random passerby, the villain's family, and everyone in the sunlight were all harmed in the making this video.
4:07 Lol the cameraman is riding his dog while everyone's dying.
And they cough blood uncontrollably
"you hoe'd the other 16 whales" lmaooo
It’s so accurate how the villain just stands there and the poison just upgrades mid battle
That is actually venom, you see, venomous means that something gives you the venom, like a snake bit  you, poisonous is when you get the poison in yourself, like eating something with poison.
***Dude had a fight with a guy*** proceed to human extinction
Meanwhile at the ISS : "Earth is so quiet lately..."
These niggas be making unanimated anime😂😂😂
Haha
wait so he is basicly giving people cancer isnt that what happens that some bullshit
. You hoed 16 whales,  The Environment
7.8 Billion people : "Did you do it?" Villain : "yes." "What did it costs?" "Win a fight"
I started crying when he said sunlight.
y e s
Aliens can't even come to out solar system anymore "fOr WaT pURPosE?!"
I would’ve been like soooo you know that everything in the sun is going to die so you can’t make your poisons since all the ingredients and subjects to test the poisons are going to die too  Just sayin good luck wit your poisons  Then I die
Poison? How about you get poised to see some bitches
😂🤣😂🤣
"yes"
u a villain fr
Venom in the sun, got Venom in my veins Venom in your lungs, got Venom in your brain Paralyzed full body I ain't hero killer stain There is no peace without war Za Warudo shall know pain
I have to win the fight.
This was the longest four and a half minutes to ever exist.
Yes...
I mean you just calculate the LD50 for 1 whale, and then divide the amount of poison by that value to get the number of whales your poison will kill.
Desmond is a powerfull villain like Darkside and Thanos in this verse 🕶️ 🔥He poisoned the sun 🔥 He is inevitable 💫
I have to win this fight
Omg! I'm dead. I was drinking my ginger ale when the whale part came up.  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Thank you, I needed this laugh so much 🥰. I love you guys
I don't think villan Desmond cares about the whale population
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Blood isn't a counter to sand. Even assuming blood did solidify sand.   One Crocodile can "dry" all liquids easily. Another way of saying Crocodile can easily evaporate all liquids.   Example A: Crocodile dries the liquids in Luffy's body   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NIWWtc83Tkk   Example B: Crocodile can easily evaporate water   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=AAs6tOgdj0A   Example C: Crocodile can easily evaporate all water in large area around himself without needing to directly touch the people he is targeting.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wYnwoigCdUY   Crocodile has easily kept up with the likes of Doflamingo and Mihawk.   Crocodile vs Doflamingo   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=wCuffQbTqDk   Crocodile vs Mihawk   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BKMoVTWnhYM   This is after Crocodile was stuck in prison for a long time. With Daz Bones admitting he felt weaker due to his time in prison. This shows that Crocodile is by far stronger and faster than Luffy. Luffy beat Crocodile through an asspull because Luffy has infinite plot armor. That is a fact.  Luffy was never shown training for Second Gear. There was no foreshadowing whatsoever. And him using a new ability out of nowhere to beat Blueno is still an asspull. And yes it does contradict how Luffy's powers work.  Luffy randomly learns how to use Soru off screen and somehow uses the Six Powers technique with ease. And yes Luffy did say he was using their technique. He said Sora was stomping your foot ten times on the ground in the blink of an eye.   Luffy explains he is using Soru of the SIx Powers to move fast.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tQdLmBsTReI   https://onepiece.fandom.com/wiki/Rokushiki/Soru
Monkey D. Luffy of One Piece sports a rather blatant form of Plot Armor, to the point where it may very well be a plot point. The same goes for the rest of the Straw Hat Crew, especially Zoro.    For example: When Luffy was exhausted to the point of no longer being able to move and under the danger of being nuked to hell, his severely damaged and barely functioning ship that had been abandoned days prior on another island drifted to his location at that exact moment and his crewmates were able to throw him on and escape.  This level of plot armor extends beyond blind luck too; no matter how strong the enemies are, nothing will ever kill one of the Straw Hats. The crew's sharpshooter Usopp, described by Word of God as being supposedly only as strong as a normal person, was able to be smashed by a 4-ton bat and dragged along the ground at 40 miles an hour and live.   Truly, the Straw Hats' "limits" are at the complete whim of the plot. They can withstand anything short of being completely obliterated and any attack capable of doing that will simply not touch them for one reason or another. Of course, the series is known for "No One Dies in One Piece" because every character outside of a Flashback showed this sort of durability, for the whole series.
Fact 5  The Ultimate Mary Sue: Luffy   Character Development: Nonexistent.   Luffy is a completely one dimensional character He constantly recklessly puts his teammates in danger He is still challenging admirals and now even emperors recklessly He is still refusing to negotiate with others.   No signs of him sympathising or negotiating with enemies. Bellamy wasn't an enemy. He got one shot and was more of a minor annoyance same as Buggy. Bege and Law were just fellow pirate crews with different morals.   Smoker even helped Luffy a few times and Luffy liked Smoker from the beginning. Nothing new there.   The Ultimate Mary Sue Power Up: As shown in the War of Marineford, Luffy can make friends out of anyone.   Power Ups: Make no sense.   Second Gear: He somehow learns an advanced version of Soru for Second Gear with no explanation of how, when or why. He just gets second Gear just because   Third Gear: He has Third Gear just because of plot convenience. No explanation how he learned it.  Nightmare Luffy : Luffy randomly gained the ability to absorb shadows and use another person’s devil fruit. An ability that comes out of nowhere at the last minute to defeat a previously invincible villain with no logical explanation. Then Nightmare Luffy is never used or mentioned again. Which completely breaks the lore of One Piece and because Luffy is a one dimensional gary stu.  Fourth Gear : Through infinite plot armor and just because.   Snakeman : Through power of friendship and just because.   Advanced haki : Through shitty writing and because an old man said he had it all along
Even hardcore one piece fans admit oda is spineless   "My point is that it can't cower away from death even when the story demands it, and can't continue to death-bait us) This one is a bit of a complaint, but I'm sure a lot of the fanbase is having problems with this as well. Oda can't kill, and the story suffers from it. Even when characters clearly die, Oda makes them somehow not die.   One Piece fans liked Pell’s death for some dumb reason.   And then Oda brought Pell back to life. In one fell swoop (pun intended) Oda overwrote the climax of the Alabasta arc by, for some inexplicable reason, contriving Pell's survival from what was effectively a point blank nuclear blast. And suddenly the climax of the story was invalidated, and no narrative purpose was achieved by saving Pell. The opposite, in fact.   He should have died, and I tend to ignore his presence in the current chapters to save the dignity of Alabasta. Remember the tragedy of (one of my all time favorite characters) Bon Clay? Remember how Magellan literally sentenced him to execution, asked for last words, and struck with his corrosive poison?   The climax of the arc being his noble sacrifice that would cement the legacy of his character and drive Luffy forward? Nope! Oda overwrote that and made that whole moment obsolete. He didn't sacrifice anything, your tears were wasted. Remember SMILEY, and the suspense of soldiers being taken by it one by one as it inched closer to our heroes?   Nope, nothing to worry about after all. What about Pekoms? He was machine gunned with hundreds of rounds, then shot in the head, then fell off off a cliff into shark infested water, handcuffed. This could have presented a very interesting narrative point where Capone's loyalty and the morality of allying with him is very much a conflict, but instead we get a miraculous save yet again for Pekoms that does nothing.   Sabo was brought back to life as well. After being stated & shown to be dead. The power of plot armor & bad writing brings Sabo back to life.   Remember Charlotte Mascato? Who had his life taken by Big Mom's rage, was pronounced dead, and was carried away to be disposed of? Magically alive, lessening Big Mom's threat. There are many other examples...but the point is that it has become very difficult to take One Piece's perilous situations seriously, because even minor characters are invincible.   I've really struggled to feel suspense recently because I know Oda won't actually commit to characters dying. Pedro's sacrifice, for instance, can we really believe it given all the other "sacrifices" that came before? It's hard to feel sad for his death when you can't be sure it even happened.   I hope Oda learns to kill characters when necessary in the future, because as it stands, we have no reason to take the perils of the New World too seriously. It seems like he might be learning, as it seems like King Baum and Pound really did lose their lives. If they did, we can see just how dangerous the Yonko are, but if they come back, again, we really have no reason to be invested or concerned  All Canon One Piece Characters (1053)  Male Characters (837)  Female Characters (216)  One Piece Deaths (88)  Less than 10% of One Piece massive cast of Characters actually die.
Luffy always gets a convenient new power up that just so happens to instantly counter his opponent.   Crocodile can absorb water = Luffy's bleeding somehow means he can beat Crocodile now. Despite the fact Crocodile can absorb large amounts of liquids as shown in the second round and blood doesn't solidify sand.   Lucci is faster than Luffy = Luffy randomly has 2nd gear which gives him speed equal to Lucci   Moria has the power to control shadows & Oars is massively stronger than Luffy's entire team = Luffy can now conveniently absorb shadows for this arc to beat Oars. Nightmare Luffy is never mentioned or seen again.Just a one time power up out of nowhere to beat the villain for plot convenience.   Doflamingo is much stronger and faster than Luffy = Luffy magically has a new transformation called gear fourth to beat Doflamingo. How convenient.   Katakuri is massively stronger than Luffy = Luffy now has Snakeman to beat Katakuri. How convenient.   Big Mom is on a rampage. Old man isn't moving = Luffy now has advanced haki to knock out Big Mom.   There's even afro Luffy which somehow  increases his power. Luffy literally always gets bullshit convenient power ups. He is never shown training for. This isn't overtime. Luffy literally pulls power ups out of his ass whenever he needs them
One Piece Fight Analysis  Luffy vs Crocodile   Crocodile completely dominates Luffy then suddenly out of nowhere Luffy wins through an asspull. Luffy vs Lucci Lucci beats Luffy easily several times. Usopp yells friendship to Luffy. Luffy receives Power of Friendship and takes down Lucci in one attack.   Zoro vs Daz Bones   Daz Bones completely dominates Zoro in a fight. Zoro spouts some bullshit speech and then out of nowhere suddenly one shots Daz Bones.   Luffy vs Oars   Oars completely dominates the Straw Hat Pirates with Luffy severely wounded. Luffy pulls a transformation out of his ass and turns into Nightmare Luffy and stomps Oars. Oars goes down like a bitch to Luffy's asspull transformation   Zoro vs Kaku   Kaku completely dominates Zoro. Zoro gets upset cause of Robin. Zoro receives nakama power and pulls a transformation out of his ass and suddenly one shots Kaku.   Luffy vs Doflamingo   Doflamingo completely dominates Luffy in every way. Luffy pulls 4th Gear out of his ass and defeats Doflamingo. He somehow escapes Doflamingo's strings despite none of Whitebeard's Commanders being able to.   Luffy vs Katakuri  Round 1 - Katakuri easily beats Luffy.   Round 2 Luffy pulls Snake Man Transformation out of his ass and beats Katakuri. Despite the fact. Katakuri is at full strength while Luffy is exhausted after fighting several enemies but Luffy's plot armor prevails.   Zoro vs Kuma   Zoro who previously could barely move from one stab wound. He fights Kuma while heavily wounded and barely standing after being defeated by Oars. Kuma transfers all of Luffy's pain and injuries to Zoro. Zoro somehow survives cause of plot armor.   Luffy and Zoro amount of Losses  Luffy Losses: Kuma.   Zoro Losses: Kuma   They literally have about one or two losses each. Cause the few losses those two have. Luffy and Zoro just pull out one asspull after another to win Luffy practically never loses. Just mention the word friendship and Luffy instantly wins. Lucci completely dominated the fight. Usopp says friendship. Luffy instantly wins with one attack. Oars dominated the battle. Friendship is mentioned.   Luffy gains a new transformation out of nowhere that goes against every established rule in One Piece. Luffy instantly beats Oars with nakama power. No consequences. Luffy vs Doflamingo. Friendship is mentioned. 4th Gear Asspull stomps Doflamingo. Luffy vs Katakuri. Friendship is mentioned. Luffy instantly wins with new asspull transformation. And so on & so on.
Even One Piece fans admit the main characters of One Piece are garbage. They’re poorly written, static, gag ridden trash that have barely any character development over 900+ chapters,which is appalling for a series this long. I’ll go over each of my problems with them:  Plotffy: Where do I start. Generic shounen MC with barely any originality. He’s the spitting imagine of Roger, has a similar personality to him and even wears his hat. He’s turning more into a Goku wannabe post TS e.g. haki “blooming in extreme situations” just like zenkai. He’s just your average shounen, happy go lucky, food loving idiot Luffy has no character development in terms of progression. He’s still recklessly impulsive and makes the same dumb decisions he did pre TS.   Luffy really should have matured more after Ace’s death. Luffy beating Crocodile, Lucci, Doffy, Cracker and Katakuri weren’t because he was necessarily stronger, but because the plot required he did. Oda had to either dumb down or nerf his opponents just to make his win more acceptable. Luffy Vs Katakuri was arguably the worst offender of this.   Zoro: He’s just a bland, one dimensional, typical gary stu that turned into a poor man’s Guts over the timeskip. Better yet, a more accurate description is he’s become a try hard, Mihawk clone.   Nami: She’s rather static for the rest of the series.  Most of the time she’s just an annoying, bossy, over emotional bitch that’s used as a “damsel in distress” like most female One Piece characters. Her boobs grew too much over the timeskip and she’s used as fanservice all the damn time. Nami post TS is basically Orihime 2.0.   Usopp: Poorly written, inconsistent character. Usopp has signs of bravery nearly every arc, only for him to regress back into a bitch the next arc. His character was ruined the most because of One Piece’s long term storytelling. I can already imagine Oda continuing this form of development until the final arc where he conveniently stops acting like a coward.   Most of his fights are won out of comedy e.g. Perona, Sugar. Usopp is not relatable nor is he the most human out of the crew, that ship sailed the minute Oda’s dumbass had him perform superhuman feats like tanking a 4 ton bat. He’s just a coward that hasn’t changed at all. Usopp leaving Robin to run away is still the lowest moment of his character.   Sanji: The perverted (borderline sexist) love cook. These days he’s become a giant meme in the fandom, which is understandable. Sanji’s so fodder and takes so much Ls that it’s even debatable if he’s still in the monster trio, that’s how low his character has fallen. His oversensitive fanboys overhype every little feat he shows e.g. Sanji cheap shotting Bobbin and Oven and the other half of the fandom just spend their time nitpicking on his character over every little thing.   Sanji has no character progression. WCI focused a lot on Sanji, but it felt like Oda was trying to recapture Robin's character arc but handled it poorly. Most of the arc shows him acting out of character e.g. mopping around, crying and acting like a coward. You would think he would have learnt from the events with Robin to have more faith in his crew but nope. His “I want to return to the Sunny!” was the most bootleg Robin speech ever.   It lacked the same build up as hers’ and just fell flat, in fact it was hilarious if anything. Back to Sanji’s character arc, after everything Sanji experienced e.g. being confronted by his past and family, his character didn’t have any meaningful development. Sanji didn’t learn or grow in any real way, his personality and morals are exactly the same because they were never properly challenged. His character is basically the same it’s been since day 1.   It baffles me that most of the fanbase seem to care more about Sanji’s W/Ls and whether he’ll wear the raid suit than his lack of development, but whatever. Sanji’s character lost me when he put his own morals above saving Robin in Enies Lobby. He was cemented as trash when Oda decided to dial up his nosebleed gag to 100. His gags are by far the worst in the series. The fact it was used as a actual plot point in Fishman Island was a joke.   Chopper: Objectively worst strawhat. Chopper used to be the cute, useful doctor of the crew but then Oda flanderized him after the timeskip. Now he’s just the awful mascot of the crew used to sell merchandise. His design is lame. His forms are garbage. Chopper barely uses any of his other points besides Kung fu point (terrible design) and Monster point.   MP in his uncontrolled version used to be beastly, but ever since he did that stupid dance post TS it went downhill. Now it’s just laughably weak that even giant kids neg him. Also, the 3 mins time limit is a joke. What happened to arm point? Cloven style? Scanning for weaknesses with brain point? Why doesn’t he use heavy and horn points?   It’s as if Chopper had better control over his df pre TS. Not to mention, Chopper is criminally underutilised (along with Robin). The only note worthy thing he did in WCI was capture Bruluee, but that wasn’t enough to redeem him. Chopper’s by far the biggest letdown post timeskip. His development is bare bones at best, just a offhand line of him not minding being a monster if it’s to help Luffy become PK.   Franky: Right now all he serves is this soppy, cyborg who loves screaming “SUPERRR!!” while he does his stupid pose every 5 mins. His fight with Senor pink was boring & poorly written.  Robin: Bland and useless. Robin doesn’t talk, she doesn’t fight, she doesn’t have any real interesting character interactions with the rest of the crew, she doesn’t have that much screentime, she doesn’t have many memorable contributions each arc, Robin’s just there...  Poor Robin’s only 1v1 fight is in Skypiea and besides that she’s stuck on fodder control.   Robin isn’t even a character anymore, just a plot device. All she’s good for is reading poneglyphs and giving expositions from time to time.   Brook: Probably my least favourite because he never was a character, just a walking gag. 90% of his dialogue is skull/ panty jokes or “YOHOHOHO”. His jokes aren’t funny, they got old real quick. He doesn’t have as much interesting character interactions with the rest of crew seeing as he joined so late.   He’s useless in fights and they’re boring as hell since it’s just him blitzing his opponent. Brook’s got no development and barely contributed every arc . Pointless character
you dont test it on 16 whales you calculate  how much could possibly kill 16 whales but ok
You put the poison in the sunlight???
What kind of whales though?
You killed 17 whales🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is accurate 😭🤣🤣
Did anyone see at the end mark shook his head
See how Leland fell
He who has ears to hear, let him hear: John 3:16 says “For God so loved the world that He gave His only begotten Son, that whoever believes in Him should not perish but have everlasting life.” God is good my friends, and He loves you! Turn from your sins and open your heart and accept Jesus!
How did the poison enter his bloodstream if it didn't break skin?
"Yes"
*yes*
You ignorant
Someone forgot orichimaru?
2:33 that grass stain not coming out
Bro just got a iron, vitamin c, vitamin d deficiency
Every one on earth will die  yes I know that but I still have my poison
Viper mains: WELCOME TO MY WO- *ded*
Looks like the poison took a lot of toll on lukaku.
Ayo I got that exact sword lol
hero: you the realest villain villain: thank you 🤣
I think we can all agree, Desmond don't give a fuck about the environment
Danzo takin notes
I’m dead
I'm feeling  embarrassed watching this, but love it!
Just drops dead from poison😭😭😂
fuckin died at the random guy dying
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
“No human would be surviving more than 1 whale” -Mark, the human who survived more than 1 whale
Desmond: "I put the poisonous poison in the sunlight. No one can left."  Gamer: appreciate it
These guys have been killing it for so long
And the villain be immune to all his own poisons lmao
“It can kill 17 whales, you killed 17 whales? One could’ve been enough”
F*cking whales😂
Yes...
Killua: 🥱
"You put a poison in a sunlight"😂😂😂
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing” and this Courvoisier got me swooning right now, I’m almost crying laughing lmao
Mark: "No human is surviving more than one whale."  Also Mark: Surviving 17 whales through confusion and conversation. 😂
Dawg, who be editing this shit and choosing the takes, like is that Affion or Mark or a collaboration? 😂😂😂 I’m just asking cuz the shit be masterfully done. That’s what makes y’all videos, I feel like. And the raw quality of them as well, imo
Yooo I agree so much with the “why you even got a sword then” comment lol. I hate when I’m watching anime and the mf who supposed to be naturally strong as shit is using psychic powers and shit like bitch if you don’t just use ya hands dawg! Wtf!! 😂
You killed 17 Whales 🐋 😂😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭😭😭💀💀💀💀💀💀☠
Salute to his WHITE pants
The speed at which the skit devolved into a talk about the environment fucking killed me.
He really said "You got a family " "Yes"    🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
“17 whales” 😂
I swear this only get better and better as you keep watching 🤦🏼‍♂️😂😂😂
Mark: F*ck your family, huh? Desmond: I missed the part where that's my problem
Odorless poison lmao
Yo y was I unsubscribed
😂😂😂😂
You hoed the other 16 whales 🐋 😂
I just started watching Hunter X Hunter. It’s my first anime lol
Demon Slayer be like...
i want an entire show like this
it's the hesitation and confidence in Desmond's words for me XD
This is funny asf u earned a sub
3:14 *When Day Breaks INTENSIFIES*
There will be one opponent left for Poison Guy to fight... The infamous Eighteenth Whale! He lost 17 of his brothers and sisters to Poison Guy, but was able to survive since his blade ran out of poison, Poison Guy was unable to use the odorless poison under water and the 18th Whale escaped under water, where the UV rays were not as harsh.  After years of training with Old Man Whale Shark, he was able to become resistant to the excess UV rays and learned how to counter poison. But most importantly, he learned the Ancient Technique: “Whale Leap”, allowing him to leap across land instead of getting stuck at the beach.   Now he searches the barren land in order to find his nemesis and put an end to his evil plans.
"They're aint no point in telling you. You ignorant. You're an ignorant villian." I feel like just that clip, could sum up a ton of the shit heads thats been popping up as of late....
When he said he amplified the UV light I thought he was gonna be like “The poison... is called cancer.”
“I have to win the fight” the greatest quote in 2021
Theres no strong characters who use poison theyre always trash side characters who have op poison but then still proceed to get dropped off despite turning someone into a cripple
sasori
The fucking laugh only. The only thing that could be funnier if they have the flight laugh
Or. Alternatively. He killed one whale- then multiplied the dosage by 17. Instead of. Ya know. Killing 17 whales 🤣
Bruh your not killua p-p
yes
17 poisons taking effect later...
"So why did you shoot up the school?"  "I had to win the fight, it was a necessary sacrifice"
giorno vs cioccolata in a nutshell
You guys been reading Shield hero or something
These videos are so accurate and soooo awesome. RPG fight is my favorite
“This poison is enough to kill 17 whales” 😂😂😂 that is the most anime kind of thing to say
Honestly didn’t click on this for a while because I thought it would be 30 seconds with a 3 minute outtro but love it! 😂
LMMMMAOOOOOO
Replace "poison" with "mold", and this is basically a non-sadistic Ciocolatta.
OH...YES
Man gave this man cancer
Can you imagine being a random bystander and seeing some dude smiling as some guy schlumps over dead and the other one has 40 spontaneous seizures?
"thank you" ABHAHAHA
One of those times that ya'll should let the villain win
"Everyone who is in the sunlight is going to die" IT'S  SCP 001
Mans no even gon save Sasuke, das tuff
Them poison users different bruh. What happened to running hands at the end of the day? lol
"i amplified the uv rays"  thats not poison thats cancer
The clean cut tho
"I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT!!"
“You know that huh?”   “yes.”
Sassori lmfao
Sasori has entered the room
17 wells!?
“Trust in the Lord, and do good; so shalt thou dwell in the land, and verily thou shalt be fed.” ‭‭Psalms‬ ‭37:3‬ ‭.
How’s the music?
You just ignorant had me dead
*Brings out the goddamn Deathstar* Fucker who could have just brought a gun: "Look, I just really had to win this fight, ok?"
"Ain't no point of telling you anything you're an ignorant villain"
Yes 👁️👄👁️
LMAOAOAOAOA
This was just like the hunter x hunter with the arrow girl 😭
Ngl y'all should react to some of eve music videos, they're truly masterpieces.
That fall 🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Anime: 20min Real life: 5 seconds
The funny thing this happened to Lee but with sound.
you hoed the other 16 whales 😂
Akatsuki shino
He on heels
The ablaze fact sicily empty because cappelletti suprisingly embarrass astride a tacky gate. soggy, second-hand pigeon
“fucc em huh?” 🤣
Stop! It’s cringey!
At least akame from akame GA kill uses a poison sword and still badass
I love this!!!
‎
man
I mean, it seems it took all of that just to drop the MC so it's worth it...?
This is just CalebCity, but there's 2 CalebCities
The thumbnail looks like wide.
*Stain the Hero Killer has left the chat.*
Shinbou be like:
2:07 got me LAUGHING HARD ASF "Aw aw He aint have nun to do with the fight"
Me as a poison user
Wait I'm in the sunlight does that mean I'm gonna-
The dialouge on this was crazy lol
He wasn’t trying to laugh...😂😂😂
U should have done the pause with the loud heart beat in the beginning 😂
homie have you skin cancer
Ah yes Sakura,Grandma Chiyo vs Sasori fight.😂
Desmon went crazy after he was a side character
It’s enough to kill 17 whales “gets up why would you do rhat”
In anime  Villain : This poison can kill 17 whales  Hero : How can you do that ? What kind of ingredient did you use for your poison ?  In reality  Villain : This poison can kill 17 whales  Hero : Why did you do that shit ? 1 whale would be enough. Why the fuck did you kill those 16 whales for ? Why did you do that to the environment  ?
Vegan teacher vs. Meat eaters be like:
"you even know what you're talking about?" "No. But poison is poison" Man had to win the fight alright 😂
Necessary sacrifices
NANI
"This Poison can kill 2000 baby." "How do you know?" "............ trial and error'"
Y’all should’ve had some background music 😂
Yo chill sasori😭😭
This is accur8 af
Not funny
*Yes.*
That was incredibly unfunny how TF does this get a million views????
You are a villain for sure 😂😂
too accurate
Damb I feel bad for the 16 whales
I know 99% of people won't read this comment, but to the 1% have a blessed day.
The person who reads this will become successful one day!
This has thought me that there is literally no excuse for failure🥶
Amplified UV rays sounds like pure cancer.
"you just a ignorant villain"
Nice
"Ain't not point in telling you nothing, you ignorant." Hahahahahahahahaha!
Once I heard "This poison is enough to kill 17 whales"  I immediately hit the like button!! LOL!!
His last minutes spent telling the villain he's just a bad person, not just an antagonist to the hero
Bruh said "But I'll still have my poison" 😂
Viper mains be like:
Bruhhh this shit killed me
“you killed 17 whales? the environment” lmao😂😂
He put the poison in the sunlight and in d air, random dude already dead  Reason: 'i had to win the fight' 😂😂   Wtf
How was Desmond not affected by his poison
The best villain of all time
Desmond’s was reeaaally good in this sketch lol
17 whales 🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋
Whole time this is just an ad for sunscreen
Not the fam!!!!
Yees
Desmond's mind was poisoned long ago lmao
Villain- They had to die... *I hAd tO wIn tHe FiGhT*
Reminds me of that guy bleach
Desmond is best villain
“That’s selfish”
“You’re just an ignorant villain” 😂😂😂😂
“That’s selfish” 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
🤣🤣
Lmfao
Poison characters sum bitches frl🤣😭
Yes.
“Yup, I feel it. . .You trippen doe. . . You won”  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Sounds like something caustic would do
BASICALLY SHINOBU
17 whales: the 18th whale: 😎😏😂🤣😋
Look like the nova gas on cod
😂😂😂
Sasori
Well done. And true.... Those overbearing overly powerful. idiot villains.. They do exist out there in anime..
Askren
Leland killed that choke up 😂😂😂
Bro, you got me so weak I couldnt open the ginger ale barehanded just now 🤣
lol
m
How is he not dying tho?
Yoo if I was the villian I would kill him
this is s so accurate
"Ima make more poison, get more powerful"💀💀💀
absolutely fake, any real MC would just scream the poison effects away and win anyway
i love it!
Lol
these guys know what chap stick is?
Every time the poison took over again and Desmond chuckled lmao typical villain response
Mark at The Gates: "See, this man really Poisoned the entire Planet. Do you not see this line behind me?!"
Fuck em huh? Lmao
The thumbnail looked like a Travis Scott music video 😂
Y’all NEED to drop a bloopers reel one of these days 😂.
" Like but why 17 whales"  that took me straight out.
17 whales lol
"I amplified the UV rays"  "But I'm black" *credits roll*
goated
SCP-001: WHEN DAY BREAKS
"Thank you"
It would have been hilarious if at 4:08 the person walking the dog by the lake would have fallen down like they had been poisoned
Aww shit this Factz 🤣🤣
hxh!
Yes
I need to cut people so I can poison them 💀
That light reflector was needed  But that third poison took me😂
Put some anime background music man
😂😂😂
“ It’s basically poison “ 😂😂
THATS TRUE BRO
“You have family? Fuck em huh”
Plot twist this video itself is poison stop watching
you forgot how they all have long ass tongues and they lick their sword for whatever reason
I feel sad to the 17 whales that being tested by the poison and I pity the guy who just walking hahahahhahahhahahah
Main character:wait it kill 17 whales how do you know that  Enemy:I tested it hahahahahhahah
This is better than some low class trash story anime
"ain't no point in telling you nothing, you evil"
I got me an arby's ad...mg hot me going crazy...smh
Yes
It was a necessary sacrifice
Lol 😆
How is the enemy not dead
I didn’t expect to see this 😂😂
Alternate name: interview with the Government.
This needs music
The only reason why he lasted so long without dying is because he couldn't die until he proved how stupid the poison dude's plans were
I had to pause a minute when he put it in the sunlight... That got me going frfr.
Lmao
He's woke on 5g
Shit it's like idk
"wow you are a real villain" "Thank you" "I'm just gonna die" "Yes"  Best anime dialogue I ever heard
Why you got a sword if you just go'n be using poison? 😂😂😂
I tested it😂
Top tier, another hit fellas
When he said “aint no point in telling you nun you just ignorant “ 😂😂 i died
Shinji adventures series
yes
Straight facts🤣🤣🤣🤣
_Comon guys let's go outside           _NO... _Why not?           _The sun is a deadly laser
17 whales
wait, I was watching Calebcity, how am I here? lol
......yes
The real villain, is the destruction of the environment
Lol
Cant tell who had me laughing hardest, yall both killed it
I can’t handle the “you got a family?” “Yes” “fuck em huh.” Shit has me rolling every time
Afro Samurai when he can't afford an afro
“You hoed the other 16 whales”☠️
As funny as this might be it still makes me cringe
That’s selfish .... you got a family... fuck em huh 🤔 ...... yes😑
So everybody in the sunlight gonna die....yes😑 😂😂😂😂
Frost in a nutshell
Me going full-on poison build in Slay the Spire
He poisoned tf out this man😂😭
R.I.P random guy in red hoodie
Akame ga kill all over 😂
Such thick plot armor, to be even get past the first poison. Nani?!
Lmao love yall
Sarutobi has enter the chat:
Ain’t no point in tellin you nothin, you ignorant 😂😂
Just to clarify poison needs to be ingested  Venom can be used for situations like this
"i have to win a fight"  ok champ haha
Omg I literally crying ova here. That’s was sooo good. He said “oh you a ignorant villain”! Thank you 🙏🏽 I needed that laugh 🤣🤣🤣
Man that 17 Whales line hits differently after seeing Seaspiracy on Netflix.
I mean, lets be honest, EVERY swordsman with a bad blade has some form of ability that makes them op.
Your forgetting the coughing up buckets and buckets of blood but then still being able to survive
I just got done reading Sakigake Otokojuko and every damn line was "a single scratch could kill an elephant" 😂
You got a family?... F'em
Scp-001 when the day breaks
Nah but fr
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing you ignorant"😭😭😭😭😭😭😭"You just a ignorant villian...you know that huh?"  I.V.: Yes. 😭😭😭😭I'm screaminggggg
Holy crap don’t you think that shonen is gonna sue you for posting a scene from... umm naruto? Bleach? I can’t tell no more.
**Applauds in Mayuri Kurotsuchi**
Damn even Thanos didn’t kill everyone, he only got rid of half
So if you put the poison in the sunlight does that mean he’s gonna kill himself to the guy who put poison in the sunlight
That random dude just drop dead got me going
If you tweaked things in this video one could say this is us vs te fossil fuel industry.
You forgot the part where the protagonist is somehow immune to it and wins by one shotting the poison user before anyone dies and saves everyone else using the power of friendship and plot armor. Well... everyone except for that ONE, somehow more important side character that gets used for character development and is likely the source of the anger that burns the poison or whatever the anime's excuse is.
Kinda got Kankuro V Sasori vibes from this
That evil laugh.🤣😂🤣😂😂😂
Every "yes" was great haha
demon slayer
Damn what a camera quality
3:28 Yoo🤣🤣
Do you know what you talking about?  No.  It’s basically poisonous is all that matters.  😂😂 they always be on some BS with poison attacks.
This was good but part from 3:56 til the end transitioned from comedy to something deep and real. This world really is full of ignorant villains trying to run it.
He didn't even bleed and the poison poisoned him. Anime logic 😐
This is literally just a scene from Demon Slayer
Everybody: *dying from sunlight* Introverts: I'm Living My Best Life🥶
This is literally Shinobu from Demon Slayer
I got so much respect for Mark. Mans really laid in the grass in an all white fit for the video.
His family: 👁👄👁
Bruh
"This poison is enough to kill seventeen whales" yall ever just imagine the poison users just getting a conversion table for how lethal their poison is?
💀💀💀
2:09 😂😂😂😂😂
You messing up the environment Desmond !😂
When it cut to the dude dropping dead out in the field I died
No cap I almost shit on myself laughin at this one
ha ha ha
and all of that just for a bigmac... (just came up with it, not canon lol)
Desmond really trying his best not to laugh during the video 😂
“You hoed the other 16 whales” 😂😂
He's not mad, just disappointed...and very dead. Like, 16 whales too many dead
- ''you are the realest villain'' - Desmond: ''thank you''
This deserves an award
Desmond is not just a menace to society, the man is a menace to the universe
BIG FACTS!!!!!!!
“That’s selfish”😂😂😂😂😂😂
😂
Where’d you getting all these poison 😂
the ending 💀😂😂😂 omggg
😂😂😂
3:05 “do you know what you talking about ?”
I would like to see a anime where the villain win
The heart beat like bum bum and there like it was only a scratch
😂
i love how mark goes from anime charchter to who he is in irl
“Yea, yea you trippin tho😂😂”
You killed 17 whales?  Why tho? LMAOOO One whale was not enough  Mark CMON now he's a villian😭
I'm dead. 😂
"you got a family?" "Yes" "Fuck em huh"    😂😂
When mark said you won after that.  he can say what did it cause
The spurious surgeon bailly smash because mexico regionally invite forenenst a accurate limit. billowy, overconfident window
Fun fact : poison cant be injected through blood, that's called venom, poison is inhaled or digested
Rest in peace ⚰️
when u take 3 vitamins instead of 2
Bruh the villain looked like Rodney Hood
yes
Lmao I like how he’s dying and the next clip he’s standing up straight just fed up. Bruh forgot he got poisoned because dude is unbelievably ignorant
You’re an ignorant villain “Yes”
I still expected the protagonist to just continue fighting.  So many animes where there MC continues to fight regardless of the blood loss, poison taken and physical trauma.  Yeah, your legs are broken, but as long as you've got unlimited willpower you'll stand, run and fight off the final boss that has taken no damage, and win, no problem.
The antidote is probably a tube of sun block
Y’all 943 tripping 😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣yall blacker than the ace of spades like these videos be dead on reactions
you have no idea why you liked this comment
I mean you gotta do what you gotta do
I wish you guys still said nigga for your sketches..damn sjdubs messin up everything°°°
No cap I been showing everyone this video 🤣🤣🤣🤣 my fav party is when he say i have to when the fight it’s a sacrifice I need🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Surprised he didnt say “so why arent you dead yet then”
LOL "I have to win the fight!"
"yes......for me" 🤣🤣🤣
You got a family? Fuck em, huh? 😂
do "when anime people are about to die" and then like when theyre about to die they just keep talking and talking
It was his subtle “yes” that took me out lol
This poison has more effects than a yu-gi-oh card
no one:   i hAvE tO wIn tHe fIgHt
Lol
Shinobu kocho: wait what
Real fact he only killed One Whale and then used 17 times the poison used to kill that 1 Whale but still saying he killed 17 whales to make he seems evil
.
"I'll still have my poison."    Priorities
That taken effect line 🏆wins everytime!
Yes Lmaooo
“Fuck em huh” had me 🤣😂
I love the environmental PSA in the middle of the video
"Yes"- perverted smile
Alternate title: sasori if he was op
the 940 people that disliked this video are idiots that don’t appreciate good entertainment.
Hes pretty much going around giving people cancer.
RIP🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋
#savethewhales
This one. This one got me real good
yo wasnt there a series where the sun was actually killing people,
Lol this is all so true too 😆
There ain't gon be nobody left to fight...!?!  Villian: "you're right!, but I'll still have my poison!  Me:😂😂😂😂
😭😭😭🤣
Shinobu Kocho in a nutshell:
This is just a video about mayuri
Lmao Sasori from naruto LMAOO
How did you transfer a single cut's amount of poison to 17 elephants???
YEAH.....YEAH YOU TRPPIN DOE. got me crying!!
You killed 17 whales? 😂🤣😆
I would have never beefed you if you would go this far 💀😭
*Yes*
I love how he specifically made his poison so it would take long enough to effect a strong willed hero that they could have a talk like this
Oh, Piccolo.
cough* Shinobu Kocho * cough*
What hold up how he didn't get affected by the poison  yall messed up 🤚🤚🤚🤚🤚😭💀
This is how Koga of the Elite 4 was born.
This dude really poisoned the sun light
"You put the poison in the sunlight?" That part took me out 🤣
A special touch was that the poison only started to take effect when he was about to attack
Mans hat said Baby Dunk🤣🤣🤣
Magellan is still the goat
#lol
@demonslayer lol
I liked the vid before it even started that how good your vids are
Desmond looks like that one kid during the spelling bee: "Spell cat" K-A-T-T, I have no idea *smiles*
Why did you eliminate 7.8 billion humans?  “I had to win this fight”
" Adaaam"‼️‼️‼️‼️😭😭😭😭😂😂
Lol wow you are a villain FR 😂😂😂
Bro said “Rest in peace “ 😂
I need more Poison
I have to win the fight. 👊🏾 I'll still have my poison. 🔆 Classic lines 🙇🏽
Watch the documentary Seapiracy on Netflix or do some research to understand why whales are needed for us to live
Ain't no point in telling you shit😂
LELAND SAN
this is so good iM DYING
Yes
*The Woke Vs. The Elite*
Holy shit this blew up😂😂😂
yeah dey finally missed😐
“You got a family?   Yes.   Fuck em' huh?” 😂😂😂
This shit so funny omg lol 😭😭😭
Hah, jokes on you. Steel Types are immune to poison.         Unless you have Corrosion or Twin Needle.
i have to win the fight!!! LMFAO
Bro my mf sides hurt laughing at this
"there'll be nobody left to fight!" well there will be poison,never heard of a poison jar before? you let poison animals fight each other the last one left gets poisons +7 and thats just for creatin poison this guy wants to mae the strongest poison ,if theres supernatural things in that world they better beware the last human and his deadly poison^666, humans are toxic and poison the planet anywas so i guess humans are poison atribute anyway...
Lmao “Why would you do that to the environment?”
4:09 when we said that he poison the hair and sunlight and then find a car minding its business:
Last words: "you trippin doe."
I feel it taking effect its pretty strong 💀
not the whales 😔
LOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So basically Akame’s katana
Hehehe... Some really good ideas for my evil plan.
I am just gon die  Yes
hi
Y did u kill the whales bro😂😂
U got a family  Yes Fuck em huh 🤣🤣🤣🤣 And mark was that u in the death battle between rock lee and sanji?🤔🤔🤔
😂😂😂😆
When he said U put the poison on the sun light ☀️I was gone😂🤣😂😭😂🤣😂
''i have to win this fight'' gets me every time 😂😂😂😂
Getting strong Potion seller vibes from the poison guy. Maybe they're cousins?
The harsh millimeter histologically scratch because silica regrettably kneel inside a upset actress. learned, calculating queen
When your mom is feeding you food:
Sasori vs kankuro at the start of shippuden be like
"Yiss"
This is literally when Chrollo poisoned Silva. LOL
If Naruto’s Talk-No-Jutsu got real and just bluntly called everyone out 😂
"Amplified the UV rays" so you gave everyone super skin cancer?
HERO - "There ain't gonna be anybody left to fight" VILLAIN  - "Your right, but I'll still have my poison." 🤣🤣🤣
By leaps and bounds the funniest death ever!! 😂😂😂😂😂
"Heh you just fall into my card effect yugi" Idk why but i feel like this when watch this
Looks like my other Odorless poison has taken effect😂
Desmond tried so hard not to laugh
" That's selfish " lol
“I amplified the UV rays!”   “Man, what does that mean bruh?” "The sun is a deadly laser."
3:13 *THE SUN IS A DEADLY LASER*
I have to win the fight
Bro i hate anime but   Akame ga kill?
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 he didn’t even have nothing to do wit the fight ..... R.I.P
-Yes
Shinobu kocho does that
Naruto be like
12K comments, I'm sure someone has already said it but, by amplifying the UV rays of the sun, isn't it just increasing the chances of skin cancer? which is actually REALLY evil, and it makes sense cuz that shit is poison too
😭🤣🤣🤣 you an ignorant villain
Like I'm just gonna die?  Yess
😭😭😭
Yes. 0:26 - 0:45 - 0:52 - 1:48 - 2:15 - 2:51 - 3:16 - 3:23 - 3:30 - 3:51 - 4:23
Roblox exploiters be like
🤣🤣
It was all fun and games, until they started talking about saving the environment.
That espada from bleach be like
Mark: “there ain’t gone be no one left”  *random SUV speeds by*  Me: “guess they just opened the sun roof”
The Espada from bleach be like
i got a feelign u wasnt trynna get that headband dirty lmao
Yo tho this dude beat plot armour the thanos way XD
Why did you burn down and rob a wendys?  A specific cop killed someone  Oh Ok, yea Wendy's shouldn't of killed that per-
bruh look at him (walks) (faints instantly)
Peta disliked this
"Do u know what u talkin bout" " no "
alternate ending: Heh, my strongest poison is taking it’s effect.   what could possibly be this strong?!?   my fart, nigga
bru am i trippin or did you just wear your akaktsuki cloak inside out
They really be doing these with those moments
The hero is so disappointed🤦‍♂️😂⚰️
Frl bro yes I caught 17 whales b
😂😂😂😂😂
He just fell🤣🤣
"You put it in the sunlighy?" "Yes... I amplified the UV rays" "How!" Me: radiation poisoning?
The living staircase genomically join because cowbell decisively blind amidst a callous step-brother. cheap, stupid brandy
Imagine dying and shaking ya head at the villain in disappointment🤣🤣
It’s funny how when it’s not making sense mark comes back to consciousness and becomes regular cus he really don’t agree 😂🤣🤣 dis one is spot on tho gd one RDC
I have to win the fight! <3
Sasori be like
“Aint no point in telling you nothing “ 😂😂
“ You put the poison in the sunlight ? 🗣”
Shino. This is Shino.
ryuuko yanagi 😂
lol
The worst villain are the ones who have nothing to lose.
I bloody love this channel!
Desmond made Ceasar Clown so proud
So you’re gonna kill everyone under the sunlight    Yes🧍🏾‍♂️
The majestic roll mainly fence because insurance inspiringly agree out a curious reading. far, barbarous regret
They forgot where they spit blood on the ground
" its basically poison "
Don't die infront of him. He's enjoying it.
I sped it up and it was even funnier
🤣🤣🤣mark said you got a family,fuck em huh
He should have concentrated on his breathing to slow the poison's effect
2:42 ngl. I thought boi shat himself
"I amplified the UV rays... that means it's basically poison"😂😂😂
Bro I'm dead lmao
he was wearing white pants!
"yess"
This is hilarious but if you used the heart beat sound when the poison took affect it would’ve been perfect 😂
Desmond really be out here like:".... Yes.."
He can create a poison that could poison the poison
“You Messing up the Environment”
“ you poisoned yo mom from whooping your ass “  Desmond : “ I had to win the fight “
I can't with this like EVERY LINE is quotable. 😂😂😂😂
All the poison in the air/sun sould have killed the bad guy to am i right?
2:10 .....UUUHHHGGG 👁👄👁....      😂😂😂😂😂😂
"Call the ambulance... But not for me." - Desmond 'Poison' Johnson
Are these poisons just pollution?
😂😂😂😂
He was trying so hard not to laugh
What fine anime understanding lol. Only thing is he supposed to have some boss who is the only one who has ever defeated him and the only person he is scared of...
Me: Eh, I felt some kinda way bout dem whales. 😑  Hero: Look at him -random bystander dies- He ain't had nothing to do with the fight.  Me: Fuck that guy. 😑
Desmond got Hall of fame menace to society badge on🤣🤣
Every anime ever:
"He scratched me"  Me: it was your lack of lotion.
"I PUT THE POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT" OMG UAHSUAHSUHAUSHAUHS
hunter x hunter
Ha! 17 whales? Bro i can do 11 kids.
Yes.
This mans name rlly 'Poison, The Most'
This how frost be
*i have to win the fight*
Organic Mercury Poisoning
its called a LD50 and its math, the whales thing i mean
“ when anime characters talk about there backstory instead of taking the kill .”
"God is real. God loves you. God wants the best for you. Believe that. I do."  Chris Pratt
""Why would you do that to the environment" 💀💀💀
Only the gods can end this guy's career.
Easy top 10 best video..
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I put it in the sunlight ! Hahaha omg I’m dead
"You got a family? Fuck em huh?"  The scariest villain is one with nothing to lose. X'D
This man love poison definitely a toxic person at its finest
You got a family?  Yeah Fuck em right 😂
Bruh we both live here and you messin up the environment
How do you even test if a poison can kill 17 whales.
This is my favorite video.
For a second Desmond sounded like itachi
"YOU'RE KILLING THE WHOLE WORLD TO TAKE DOWN ONE PERSON!!!!"  Desmond: "Thank you."
I had to win the fight
but he had to win the fight though
LeLand dying in the background fucking sent me.
Purple Haze be like:
Make one that shows how heros in movies kill a lot of people while they are trying to save just one person.
Killed 17 whales 🤣
Someone please try reading the comments before watching the video. 😂
17 whales 😂😂
" you have a family ? fuck em huh ? " lmfaooo
DESOMND ACTUALLY WON FOR ONCE😭😭😭😭
Nobody: Poisoned Skyrim NPCs: 2:08
zeke yeager be like
How many is there six poisons
PURE FACTS
"I wanted to be accurate... you know?"  This dude has committed more environmental catastrophes in one day then the long term damage to this planet caused by BP, Exxon, the government dumping of nuclear waste and those Japanese whalers combined!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
That slow blink at 3:10 took me out! 😂😂😂😂😂
Legit thought this would be the trope that poison villains are usually slender, disgusting, pale dudes with a long tongue and sharp teeth, speak with a reptile lisp and have green slime dripping from their mouth or skin constantly
This is my new favorite YouTube channel
Venusaur: *I'M BOUT TO SLIDE HIM!*
This skit as Sasori written all over it
Was that an akame ga kill reference?
Just wait till he sees the poison he planted in the afterlife.
When anime characters poison people with deadly poison with only surface scratches.
Akame's sword.... yes
This whole video funny 😂😂
Plot armor is the equivalent of 17 whales.
You need to do a video on how anime characters spit out blood🤣
Not poison in the sunlight 😭😭😭🤣🤣
Yo when he said aint no point in telling you nun i fuccin DIED! Lmaooooo
Gotta win that fight
Sasori be like
The thumbnail doe
Villain: *Kills everyone on the planet* Car: *Driving past* Me: Its the overpowered main character that has incredible plot armor!
“ ain’t no point tellin you nun you ignorant”
You forgot the part where it zooms into the hero's head and you see in his mind and his ancestors tell him to get up and he wakes up now completely immune to the poison somehow
the funniest grunt of all time.. 2:09  I LAUGHED SO HARD... just the innocent bystander.. ***grunt*** ded
yis
Sasori in this bitch
Lmao
Desmond : YES
Well I guess we know who started SCP-001 When Day Breaks
The necessary nephew singly wish because cocoa causally thaw given a bent room. near, mere bakery
Lol reminds me of Naruto 😂
The accurate caterpillar dfly branch because guilty fifthly arrive towards a wonderful amusement. remarkable, nine editorial
“You gotta family” “Yeah” “Fuck em huh?” 🤣🤣🤣
anime MCs be wearing durags now, i see
I'm the 18th whale 🐳
at least when frost used poison he didn't talk about it he just took them out right away
Hero: That's selfish. You got a family? Villain: Yes. Hero: Fuck 'em huh? 😂🤣😂😂🤣😂
Yes
He’s a collector of sorts
Me : so which poison do you want.  the poison who can kill people in 15 sec or this poison which disturbs the bloodsystem  Desmond: Yes
“I have to win the fight” got me weak every time 😂😂❄️🔥
_I PUT IT IN THE_ *S U N L I G H T*
I can stop laughing.... Ahhhh. So funny
Desmond always on timing
What it feels like arguing with someone that's got a 20 in Intelligence but a 5 in Wisdom:
I thought he said “this poison is enough to kill 17 wells” lmao
You got a family? Fuckem huh!!!!! Lol I loved this lol he is krazy
"Yes..." lol
this that ciocolatta level evil with the mold pretty much being poison
yEs
Jujutsu kaiser ep 24 in a nutshell:
Holdup. Isn't odorless poison just gas?
Does that mean sunblock would make him immune to the strongest poison?
"You hoed the other 16"😂😂
4:07 Nigga said "i have the antidote too"
1:39 Omg i started laughing the same time that he did😂! Also, of course the poison reacts as soon as he’s about to slice him with the sword. A classic!
LMFAOOO yo
The “ You Ignorant “ got me crying lmao
had to watch this after the most recent jujutsu episode💀💀
This was probably one of Desmonds best roles 😂😂😂😂
I’m crying
“You got a family?” “Yes.” “Fuck em, huh?” Lmfaoooo 😂😂😂
So ain't nobody gonna bring up that after they say the light is poison, you can see them reflect some light on him from 3:25 to the end huh
Was that place a graveyard or something?
Somebody working that reflector
What 0 plot armor does a side character
oh!
0:10 Damn the villain do be looking kinda *thicc*
"thank you"  I don't know why his delivery cracked me up
the way he says "yes." LOL
Killua: BULLSHIT
the dissapoison on his face when he died lmao
Yall can't tell me that Mark doesn't smoke hella weed ctfu
Nice little detail by reflecting sunlight on his face to get more detail in the video. These little things get skipped by alot of people, but a 'simple' 4:30min video is more work than people think.
Y E S
*laughs in anime flashback*
Interesting timing for this vid, like if you know what im referring to
gotta stay off the shrooms my guy
You the realest villain, I wouldn’t have never had beef with you if I knew you would go this far 😂😂😂🗣
Imagine Mark as an underpowered protagonist in a skit meanwhile calebcity and Desmond are overpowered antagonists arguing
Leland falling had me dying XXXXDDD
anime bad
“I mean that shit really weak “😂
Sakura moment bruh GET EMMMM
Was hoping they break out in song singing "That guy is pooisooonnn🎶"
They either be drippy or musty af
You just ignorant lmaoooo
All was missing was the Indian effects.
‘’It was a sacrifice I was willing to make” - The Realest villain ever
“You the realest villain” “Thank you”
This is y Desmond Johnson will never be replaced in the villain role in rdc
Sasori Vibes
If it can kill 17 whales, then what stops it from killing more than 100?  1 poison per whale right? So it can kill an infinite ammount
🤣🤣🤣 hilarious
Poison in the sun 🤣🤣🤣
This the funniest shit in awhile
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 random odorless poison
17 whales 🤣🤣🤣
y e s.
plot: the villain was the main character
“Look like my poison has take effect”  Lmao facts. This is exactly how it be.
Yes
"Yes"
Desmond: I released a powerful poision in the sunlight -So you gonn die too? Desmond: It's a necessary sacrifice I need to make            -to beat you
Acurate af especially in Naruto lol
*desmond poisons the uv rays*     Bill gates: "he copied my whole flow , word for word bar for bar"
That nigga said yes!😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
The face he made when the other dude said 17 whales 😂
I HAD TO WIN THE FIGHT    yes     poison
demon slayer be like
“There ain’t gone be nobody left to fight” "But I’ll still have my poison" 😂
How does the posion in the air and in the sunlight doesn't affect the villain!?!? Fast reply and tell me how that is possible creator of this masterpiece
The reflector keeps moving lol
one of the funniest videos I've seen in a while lmao
I have to win the fight.
Then if they on yo team THEY ALWAYS BETRAY YOU
You ignorant you a ignorant villain 🤣
Why he gotta kill 17 whales tho bro?
You the real villain... yes!
dawg if an anime ever breaks the 4th wall with this kind of back and forth in the middle of a fight, holy shit lmao
Lol
Hanzo be like.
U hoed the other 16 whales 😂😂
Yeah lol
Desmond's delivery here is very Randall Park-esque
If you've watched Bleach, Desmond is basically Kurotsuchi 😂 so over the top fa no reason
"It's poisonous enough to kill a whale"    *BITCH, YOU CALLING ME FAT?*
Des want to laugh so bad lmao
2:09 He had nothing to do with the fight. RIP.
“ *You ignorant* “😂😂😂😂😂
Y’all missed a perfect chance for the line “NIGGA IS THAT WHY THESE TREES LOOK LIKE THIS”
Big FACTS!!!🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
The villains be overdoing it with the poison doses 😂😂😂😂
He needs to win the fight.
Y E S.
Who saw Zack snyder justice league
When he said " *Yes* " i felt it
“I amplified the UV rays!”   “What does that mean bruh?”  “That means it’s basically poison “☠️ ☠️☠️☠️☠️🤣🤣🤣🤣
“Yes”  -Desmond
no matter what he gotta win
"You got a family?" "Yes"   "So fuckem huh?"🤣☠
Baki
The man falling 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why is Desmond always the bad guy.
I swear Desmond in this video is like Sasori, but less cooler.
Nobody :  Desmond Dono : Yes
a
I didn’t even know the protagonist was stronger than 45 whales
I need to cut ppl to poison them 😂😂
1 whale would've been enough.. lmao
This might've been the funniest "short" video they've done yet
Whatever Mark says, Desmond: "Yes !"
"Yes."
Sunlight poison
2:10 killed me😂😂😂
i poisoned these comments.  yes.
Quick someone inject him with 20ccs of friendship and the tsundere love interest admitting her feelings
How does one even test 1 dose of poison on multiple whales
Haha this was really really good
Hamlet moment
Poison don't affect Luffy
He said I gotta family just f em
The guy who fell out 😂😂😂
Aye y’all not rocking with him winning though?💯 Desmond solos every verse
12000 comment lets goooo !
That's selfish  I felt that
Desmond funny as hell man 😂
The way he pops up a new poison every second is so funny lol And he put poison in the sun too so is he gonna die or what...
3:27 that's lowkey itachi 😂
I lost it when Leland fell over
“He bearly scratched me “
how is he not effected bro
Mark you ashy asl 😭
"So everyone's gonna die?" "Yes." >car drives by<
😂😂😂😂
Like how the hell does he have so much poison resistance
Yes
You killled 17 whales,😒yes ...why🤔
I have to win the fight.
I can see how hard Desmond was trying not to laugh😂
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you ignorant 😂😂😂😂
Them socks tho.
This low-key is some of yall best writing
Yes
"I put poison in the sunlight" 🤣🤣
2:09 *HMPH* ☠️
2:19 when im getting my test result back
Yess
Desmond has the villain role down to the letter.
😂😂😂this shi soo true 17 wheels 😂😂
“I had to win the fight “ had me weak 😂😂😂
I have to Win the fight .
BRUH HES TRYING SO HARD NOT TO LAUGH WHEN HE RESPONDED TO HE DIDNT KNOW WHAT HE WAS TALKING ABOUT LMAOOOOOOOO
This is Silva from hxh
I put the poison in the sun light 🤣😂😭
Last words “You know that huh?”
Dang this is how Muzan lost
real talk first time ive seen one of your videos in a while and no promos, im happy
and that's on shinobu
Literally the thumbnail says it all😂🔥🔥
How many poisonous you need 😂😂😂
I want  to know what happened to the 18th whale in that test.
Most grown up pretend game ever.
Jesus is coming soon repent of your sins before its too late and trust in Jesus Christ alone Jesus loves you
“You realize you hoed the other whales right?”
kurotsuchi mayuri flashbacks
Me: we both gotta live here its the environment  Corona: its a necessary sacrifice  Me: alright
That was too funny
4:25 don't worry he's having an anime flashback about his teacher or friends or something.  he will wake up in a few seconds in the relative time to the anime, even though it was five minutes to you, the viewer.  Then he makes the antidote with NO previous knowledge of poisons for some reason, saving everyone.
2 million views in 3 days. 👏👏
i'll still have my poison! that's some Jonathan shit, "Dio you may have followed me to this boat and fucked everyone but I will still hold you lovingly in the end for I shall still have my gentlemens nature. No matter how ignorant it may seem
this anime mj
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you ignorant... lmfao
Ya should do a movie with y’all skit as commercials in the movie
Y’all need to do a movie for next level shit
Why did he have to posin him so many times
There will be nobody to fight  yeah thats right but i still got my poison😂😂 that killed me 😂😂
Lmao y'all wildin with the reflector.
Put the poison in the sunlight 😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
Odorless poison 🤣🤣🤣🤣
you hoed the other 16 whales why why would you do that😂😂😂
dude Legit killed 17 whales just to make sure that his poison works
LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
*disapproving smh *dies
Later in an underground military interrogation room...    "WHY DID YOU POISON THE SUNLIGHT AND THE AIR"  "I needed to win"  "WIN WHAT"  "Win against my enemy"  "WHY DID YOU HAVE TO MAKE EARTH'S SURFACE UNINHABITABLE TO DO SO"  "Because *I needed to win."*  *"YOU COULD HAVE JUST POISONED YOUR ENEMY YOU DUMBASS"*  "I did, but I didn't expect him to resist a dose of poison strong enough to kill *17 whales."*  *"WHAT?!?!  DO YOU NOT HAVE A FAMILY?!?!"*  "I do, but it was a neccessary sacrifice for me to win."  *"WHY DO YOU CARE ABOUT WINNING SO MUCH YOU NEEDED TO POISON THE PLANET"*  "Because *I needed to win. And I'm making more so that I can always win."*   *"WHY?!?! THERE WON'T BE ANYONE LEFT TO BEAT SOON BECAUSE EVERYONE ON EARTH WILL BE DEAD"*  *"I know, but it's a necessary sacrifice to ensure that I can win"*   *"WHY DO YOU NEED TO WIN SO BADLY THAT YOU NEEDED TO RUIN THE PLANET?!?!"*   *"Because I need to win."*
Bro Desmond's acting skills improves so much over the years. He was good before, but man, this dude top tier now
If you created an odorless poison and a poison in the sunlight wouldn’t that kill you too 🤨😂
this shinobu
"I put it in sun light" (GOT TO KEEP....A STRAIGHT FACE!!)
When Desmond destroys the earth Nobody:  Literally nobody: Desmond: I have to win the fight!
Luffy just eat that shit like it ain't nothing 😭
😂😂😂
When you have to win the fight, so you poison the air and crank up the UV rays.
These poisons are actual problems of the world. We all villains now
‘’Yes’’
3:38 imagine you win the fight but you're the only one left on earth suffering with success
2:09 had me ☠️☠️☠️☠️
triggered he layed down in white.
yes
You killed 17 whales 😂🤣
im simply immune to poison.. 😚
Somehow i kept reading "potion" instead of "poison" it took too long for me to understand that
If only poison worked like that
.....yes
Damn 17 whales 🐳 😂
This the one bro💯🎖
We needed more content please or I'll go popeyes chicken on yo a
freaking Luffy lol
There's no point in telling you anything. You're just ignorant.
Man's used the Sun light and turned it into poison.... 👀
You got a family?  Yes  Fuck’em huh  😆😆😆
Loool i live this its like a drug I got to see more
😂
i swear theyre the scariest mfs in every anime xd
That car had the main antagonist in it
Yes 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
He tried to give him the head shake of shame as his final condemnation 😂
"You killed 17 whales?"   *Y E S*
He put poison on the sun and on the air...  how is he not dead.?
2:18 REST IN PEACE😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
3:25 quality meme content 😂😂
I didn't expect him to say "it's in the sunlight" I was too weak after that
I'm just waiting until you guys make a video called when OC fights go wrong. Because as a Roleplayer this happens a lot where either someone give themselves a overly powerful weapon or A overly powerful transformation or just poison to save themselves.
Probably one of my favorite videos yall have ever put out. The delivery on both your ends throughout this video is on point. Had me cracking up the whole time. Every time Desmond just said yes 😭😭 this shit hit hard
If he has poison in the air...on the other side of the planet...He's killed everyone and there would be no use of living in this world anymore.Unless someone has a strong enough resistance
He doing important shit so chill on finding Desmond John, or your boyfriend husband wife whatever
The "Yes" killed me 🤣😭
*Yes.
THIS IS SO ACTUATE
They must've got some new cameras
AMPLIFIED THE UV RAYS😭😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 bro that last final look had me weak
Everybody gangsta until he kills the entire world population to test his poison
😭 “yes”
Nijjar
Love how cars passing in the background 😂
Menace to society ong
"Fuck em huh" bro that shit funny
He ain’t killing hypixel skyblock players
Des always choosing violence and Mark always dying 😭
That was the worst death ever. dying with disappointment
i love how he just excepted his death like it was nothing
“ I have to win the fight “ 😭🤣🤣
“I have to win this fight”      “OOOHHH”
“I amplified the UV rays” he gave him skin cancer on the spot, a slow poison
“Ain’t no point of telling you nothing, you ignant.” 😂😂😂😂
The sunlight one had me 💀💀💀
Total fight time: 3 seconds have passed
When Desmond said that the poison could kill 17 whales, I got some Chrollo Lucilfer vibes from hunterXhunter 😂
Where is the blood spitting scene?
Man why did that random person had to die? what if he had kids?
😂😂😂😂
😂😂
This has sasori written all over it 🤣🤣
Bruh when Leland fell 😂😂😂😂
this guy got sasori down to a science
Mark died disappointed in Desmond, he didn't care about the fight anymore, he was just disappointed
The laughable attention unfortunatly fill because game unsurprisingly approve until a gabby kitty. fluttering, sloppy norwegian
Yall killed this bro
“You the realest villian” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
"-So everyone who's in the sunlight is gonna die?  -yes" Me, a shutin working the graveyard shift: oH nO, hOw UnFoRtUnAtE
“I have to win the fight though”
This man put poison in the sun...
Way too complicated and drawn out @_@ Edit: When Conan Edogawa becomes the villain in order to make his feats more impressive, i.e a psuedo inferiority complex that had spawned due to the origin of his plight.
Running 3 laps outside for PE be like: 0:09
Oh he a villain villain.😂😂🤣🤣
Bruh Desmond best villain ever lmaooo every time I see a video with him in I automatically start laughing and he ain’t even done nothing yet
😂😂😂I couldn't breathe I was fucking dying funniest video ever
Yes.
That shit had me cheesing hard
"I have to win the fight!"
Man I can’t stop watching this skit 😂😂😂
Y’ALL NOT ROCKIN WITH HIM DESTROYING THE WORLD⁉️⁉️
Are y’all going their on Saturday
That one girl from demon slayer:
Bruh yall to funny
these Videos too funny fr
man actually put on the atasuki cloak backwards
How come Desmond didn't die at the end if he is in the sunlight too?
"Yes"
Desmond really killed 17 whales to be accurate
Don't forget that your body always has to get purple
Wait how did he poison him without the poison entering his bloodstream....
Kirito when he drinks that water
My mans dont play around. Lmaoo the "yes" kills me 😭🤣
0:09 them effects XD
This was the longest 4 min of my life
i hAvE tO wIn ThE fIgHt!
Sasori,
Sasori be like...
sasori
Lol😂😂😂
Yes
Not poison in sunlight 😂
Hey, at least if Aliens invade the Earth, they have no chance at all
That’s selfish 😂😂😂
Yes
The funny part is when the airborne poison takes effect and some random background character collapses.
A1 villian right here. We confim victories out here.
Dez: Yes 😂😂
Mark: “u got a family?” Desmond: “yea” Mark: “fucc em huh” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Itachi be like
Then the demon takes control..
The 17 whales had me weakkk
God this is so good!
"tis' but a scratch"
This is what it's like fighting a F.A.N.G main in Street Fighter V.
no background music makes the video feel slow. Funny content doe.
This man really sounds like Kevin Hart.
This is why WMDs are banned lol Sarin is some nasty stuff lol
I feel like u don't know wat u tlking bout 🤣🤣
If illuminati was a person it would be this guy.... Dude Sacrificed everybody 🤣😂
Villain casually won and destroyed the world
I had to win the fight 🤣🤣🤣🤣
😭😭😭
2:07 This killed me I'm sorry
whales 😂
Y’all didn’t miss with this at all!!!!
Spoiler for alot of animes      Pretty much every poison user ends up having a horrific death I'm talking bout you ponzo pollako I think from hxh and shinobi from demon slayer
Desmond was funny as fuck in this
Baki
Bro I think yall crew the funniest on Youtube hands down
Someone make me feel better my sis just hurt my feelings
Mayuri kurotsuchi and his drugs....
Ogeeedeeee u the realest villain
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Masterpiece
Akame be like
I had to win the fight
Lmao he took forever to die, Des a evil bastard lol
fighting fang in sf5
Bro, is no one going to talk about how insane these like to dislike ratios are?
You got a family? Yes. Fuck em huh? 🤣🤣🤣
🤣yup fuckin up the planet for your own selfish reasons is weak asl!😂   Also the way bro in the red fell...🤣🤣🤣🤣
These guys are semi mainstream and still funny asf wtffff
RIP LEE lol he was just on a smooth lil walk
Good job
Good job
😂😂🤣
Next plan is to make poison powerful enough to poison poison
😂😂😂😂
This fight became a PSA for the ecosystem
Pretty much summed up Mayuri from Bleach.
Thats the most American way of measurement "17 whales"
I just like how they be breaking character 😭😭😭
The deafening good-bye neurologically crush because politician behaviorally blind in a possible yoke. one, voracious freighter
"1 whale would've been enough like no human is surviving more than 1 whale" he says standing with 17 whales worth of poison in him
It reminds me of that one espada from bleach
Desmond and his dramatic yeses
Akame ga kill is a whooooole other story
Y’all so funny😂😂😂
Shinobu be like
Famous rappers in anime?  Bobby Shmurda
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT
This is how people who question anime or video game logic sound like to me.
Yo I'm weak asf. It's Desmond for me lmao
Nobody: Desmond: "I have to win the fight."
🤣🤣🤣
One of my favorite videos by them 🤣
Y'all are hilarious
If the dad from Kanye West College Dropout would have been into poison, instead of chasing after degrees. Lol
wait but if poisen is on the sunlight how can he still be alive
“i have to win the fight”
do you know what ur talking about NO xd
I have an antidote only for me
random falls in the distance
10/10 I'd watch this anime
So true doe
Hold up he a villain villain, lets think about this bruh. He killed whales then poisoned the environment. Then he opened the ozone layer with hair spray,  He’s the goverment.
He was so disappointed that Desmond would hurt the environment like that  RIP whales, your sacrifice was necessary
Fun fact: Mark had the strength of 17 and half whales so that's why it didn't instant K.Oed
Man My mans was just takin a peaceful stroll;-;
This video: Killua: couldn’t be me
😂 🤣 😂 🤣 😂
Reminds me of Stephen Chow style of humor 😂😂
FRRR they be talking for so long, and when they actually start fighting the episode ends
It ain't no point of telling you anything, you ignorant 😂😂😂⚰️
FIre.
Poison gimmick builds in Dark Souls 2 be like:
The only that would make it better was the dramatic music when the poison hit lol
Lookin like the Insect Hashira
Lmao major flashback to recess in 3rd grade 💀💀
The warm print alternately tick because weight laterally slip excluding a scrawny year. fuzzy , irritating politician
Yall be killing me
"I put the poison in the snakes." Wait isn't that just venom? "Yes. My battle with the snakes just begun"
He threw a WeidChamp before dying
Mark really just paused in the middle of dying so he could lecture Desmond lmao
So his poison magically went away after the whale convo 😂😂😂
Jesus loves you , Repent
17 Whales 🤣🤣
did you change your cams? it looks like you upgraded, video looks CLEAN!
Me when I thought there was poison in the wine  Floch: *smiles*
I hope I get the chance to shake my head in disappointment at somebody before I die
chapstick was not in the budget of this video...
“In the sun” 😭😭
Villain: “The poison is in the sunlight.” Me:Wait, you are in the sunlight. Isn’t the poison gonna kill you too???
I want to have that kind of anime in this year when they have are fighting the will have exaggerated talk then a casual talk what was his poison or what was his method of killing, While they are fighting.
Luffy vs Magellan be like
im fairly sure you can even with medieval asf methods figure out how deadly something is if one micro drop ALMOST kills a person as an example then a real normal drop would propably kill 100 ppl or so i mean 100 times the dosage
“I had to win the fight”🤦🏾‍♂️😂😂
He killed 16 innocent whales. He’s not valid 😔
Caustic mains:
Desmond the best 😂
Plot armor is gonna come and revive him
The innate fact phenomenologically remove because sack ultimately suit per a irate reward. sick, dirty ocean
I love how the villain knows he's a piece of human garbage but only cares about poison
this was the funniest thing ever LMAO
You just a ignorant villain 😂😂😂😂
U should have given him some talk no jutsu before you died
2mil in 2 day 😳
That dreamville shirt tho
The noisy bite classically license because newsprint densply check atop a permissible objective. deadpan, waiting toad
This had me laughing out loud. Considering I have depression that says a lot
Crazy these boys getting older man they all got beards now n shit 😂😭
Yes
That boy Desmond really coming into his own ❗️❗️
*yes*
Desmonds acting evolved frfr from the early days
"Next I will be poisoning spacetime"
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"thank you"
0:26 Yes. 👁👄👁
This reminds me of that spider that could kill like 18 elephants with one bite      How the hell does a snake kill 18 elephants in *one bite*
17 WHALES!? Lol
😂😂😂
The environment was the real victim 😂
😂big ups ma cuz
17 whales 😆
"You have a family?"  "Yes" "It's fuck them huh"  🤣
HAHAHAHAHAHAHA   He probably said the word poison like 50+ times haha
"You killed seventeen whales"         Had me crying
😂😂😂😂
We Dont deserve these guys
One day Desmond will be the hero not the villain 😭
"What does that mean bruh??"  ...that means that it's basically poison 😑😐💀😈
Waaaaaaaab mark and Desmond tag team skills od 🤣😂🤣😂😂😂🤣
Mans died like skyrim npc
Mark Tryna use Talk-No-Jutsu on Mayuri Kurosuchi. The cold expression with sympathetic responses have me cracking up
mark: do you have the antidote? desmond: yes only for me. mark: that's selfish. I hate y'all man 😂😂
1:51 weak, I died!!
This sounds like some petty weak shit Vegeta would do.
WHY DID YOU KILL THE OTHER 16 WHALES?!!!
How much more poison??  Poison guy: yes
lol
You just an ignorant villain huh? Yes..
"I still have my poison" sounds like a line the boss repeats after you die and it fades to the continue screen.
UR A IGNORANT  VILLAIN U KNOW THAT RYTE... YES!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
they always make me happy bro
3:49 me after hitting the half gram dab
Bro im so mad how fucking accurate this is 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lmaooooo 17 whales
“You hoed the other 16 whales 🐳 like y would you do that to the environment”🤣🤣🤣🤣bwahahahaha
I.put it n sunlight 😂😂😂
Why is Desmond always the bad guy
17 wales 😂😂😂😂😂
“Did you really have to kill 16 whales?.. 1 wasnt enough? You k thats bad for the environment”... I never laughed so hard😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I’d love an anime where they guy is all smug about his poison, but the main character is unknowingly immune to it, so the guy just stand there with no other line of defense
Only a weak coward would use poison
That straight face makes it way more hilarious!
U.S.: *Nukes Japan*  *”I had to win the fight”*
That Fuck um huh? Realy got me
Magellan would have straight up drowned him in poison lmao
😂😂😂😂😂
But dang dude he actually beat a protagonist completely!
ISTG this is so true and they be making useless answer.
It’s kinda interesting
“Do you know what you talkn bout” 😐“No but it’s basically poison and that’s all that matters”
When "17 whales" came up there didn't seem to be a way to top it comically but clearly I was wrong, this was hilarious.
Hml I wouldn’t want smoke to if he was that strong
gotta be top 3 rdc video i’m cryin😭🤣
probably desmonds best video - a little cut of the OTT delivery he usually does and he just showing off his acting skills
46th trend on yt😂😂😂
Lmao y'all are hilarious 😂😂 love it, just subbed
That last head shake lmfaoo
Lmao idk how y’all do this with a str8 face, I would have died laughing
"You the Realest villain 🦹🏾 "  It's Bc he's the only villain on earth 😭😭😭
The man just wants to be alone with his poison.
Why would poison be so specific as to only kill 17 whales? LMFAO
Yoo, why is he dressed like Hidan tho  😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭 😭
Damn 2 million in 2 days that’s crazy 😭
That sword so dull it made this man's arm ashy af, shoulda grabbed the lotion before going out by the poison.
...how does he know it ONLY killed 17 whales?
Devilman in a nutshell
"Do you have the antidote?" "Yes...only for me" 💀💀💀
THEIR TALK ABOUT THE ENVIRONMENT HAD ME DEADDDDD
Akame be like
desmond: yes 😂😂
“ you got a family,, fuck em huh? “ 😂😂😂
LOOK AT HIM!! *Leland collapses*
Sasori watching this like :  👀  👃🏻 👄
The chuckles😂😂😂
“I have to win the fight”
Mark: why you got a sword if you just gon be using poison   Desmond: I need it to cut people so I can poison them  😂😂😂
"You the realist villain."  "Thank you." 😂
why cant colored folks use grammar
Cars in the background.  🚗  🌳                  🌳
Far out. Hands down the funniest people on the web.
He just smiling to the point that it’s funny bro wtf
"we both gotta live here"  I felt that maybe too much. Im sorry Earth.
shit has no effect on killua     Hunter x Hunter GANG
necessary sacrifice 😂😂😂
17 whales 🐳!!! He’s a monster 😂😂😂
I love RDC but for *constructive* criticism.. this skit could’ve have been better. Good plot but weak execution. I’m still liking the video, I never dislike.
poison villains always hoes
This is one of funniest videos i seen in a while 🤣🤣🤣
There’s nobody left car past by
I'm weak 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
That’s selfish....
Y'all are getting so damn good at these 😂
yo did he shit himself?  2:41
To be fair 99% of the time the "My strongest poison" don't kill anyone in the Anime. They just be coughing and then someone cures them.
the fact that he can talk normally while having poison in his body
damn the trhuth
Mc:you have a family Villain:yes Mc: fuck them all huh Villain: yes they have to die 😂
Yoooo 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
17 whales lmbo
YES 😏
When you realize poison is harmful if digested and venom is the one that’s harmful if released into your blood stream
come out with an new hood avatar
Desmond: looks like my poisonous poison has took effect  Mark: what is it Desmond: I put it in the sunlight😂😂
2:09
Do you really need that reflector?  Or could that person with it don't move that much? It's distracting.
MY FACE, MY THROAT, MY STOMACH HUURRRT! I'm laughin so hard and also tryna be quiet to not wake ny family up. It's too early in the mornin' for this! 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
ㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋㅋ
Lmao this is like Muzan in demon slayer getting poisoned by tamayo
This nigga more ignant than Saiyans
You forgot the one heartbeat sound
You have a family? Yeah They're gonna die.  *Itachi entered the chatroom*
*Shinobu has joined the chat*
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing. You ignorant."
"Why would you do that to the environment?"
That "you put the poison in the sunlight". 💀 Got a nigga weak asf. 😂😂😂
Okay so this man talking all this about it killing 17 whales and whatever but he survived. Should of made it 18 whales
Long Beach griffy would have killed this
Ahhhhhhhhhhhhh!!!!
Repsect for those 17 whales 😄
This looks like sasori from naruto xD
They way mark held the sword was 100% accurate
You should've added a random memory sequence of a girl in high school telling you she believes in you and that somehow cures the poison and enables you to save everyone. That's how most animes go.
Love the consistency in his 'yes'
“So why did you kill 20 students with the poison?” “I had to win this fight.”
Desmond got the Beard of a Villain!!
Hi
Leland’s drop was funny AF 😂
4:08 someone else has the antidote in the background 😱😱😱
It looks like they used light reflectors on this one
Haha i almost switched off and then that whale joke.   Hahah
“You killed 17 whales”
its all fun and games until desmond runs out of the antidote
Took his ass Forever to Die.... he needs Stronger Poison
Caesar from One Piece be like this.
Demon slayer villains before they had good writers
The way Desmond talked had me dyin' 😂
"Yes"
00:10 when you eat a popeyes bisquit
YOU PUT IT IN THE SULIGHT
Bro I cannot stop laughing
Worst thing is... After all that effort, they still lose
yes.
“You hoed 16 whales” 🤣🤣
For the wages of sin is death, but the free gift of God is eternal life in our Lord Jesus Christ:*
Lmfao 17 whales 😂🤣😂🤣
Desmond kinda looks like malcolm x
I have to win the fight. 💀💀
After chatting with a Falun Dafa practitioner, Parida decided to sign the petition and then took out some money. When she was told that practitioners do not accept any donations, she asked “What can I do for you?” A practitioner said, “Making people aware of the persecution is the best way to support us.” Before leaving, Parida took several copies of truth-clarification fliers to give to others.  After signing the petition, a young man said that he and his girlfriend felt an energy field from the practitioners doing the exercises. He'd stopped by to get a flier and then came back a second time to sign the petition. He stated that he wanted to learn the Falun Dafa exercises.   Another young couple also signed the petition.  A young woman from Turkey stood by the poster boards for a long time and was very interested to learn about the ongoing persecution in China. After receiving additional information from a practitioner, she stayed to sign the petition despite the rain that just started.   Magdalena, a western Falun Dafa practitioner, remarked, “People are more open and cheerful now. When we started to wear masks last year, they seemed to be more cautious and careful. Now, many people are willing to come by and find out what Falun Dafa is about. Some even come to the information booth just to sign the petition.”  A Chinese woman walked by the information booth and accepted a copy of The Ultimate Goal of Communism. She also took some other truth-clarification materials. A practitioner asked her if she had quit the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) and its youth organizations. She stated that she was from Beijing and had never become a member of the Party. Before leaving, she signed the petition to stop the CCP's forced organ harvesting of living practitioners.
😂😂😂😂😂😂💯
Bleach: mayuri kurotsuchi
lmaoao great acting rdc
ahahaha this reminds me the kankuro vs sasori fight
i kind of expected the MC saying something like i have build a tolerance or something like that. good vid though
My poison can kill 69 elephants and 420 baby chickens
I have to win the fight
2:57 Mark really sounded like Leland right there bru
Fr they be having them weak ass swords!
Turns out the main character was the most powerful villain in to world! Like Overlord for an example.
🤣 you kids are pretty cool GOD Bless you all Mahalo Nana🤙🌺
This got me dying for no reason 😂
"Look! Look at him!" *Dies instantly*
"I feel bad for what you're saying but, I have to win a fight!"
Blood Your hella funny 😭
😂💀
“like look! look at him!”😭💀💀
Is no one going to talk about how the poison takes effect RIGHT when he tries to strike?
If viper met an evil scientist
He killed his family to poison someone who he knew was already poisoned
lmao IRL you just be throwing up and shitting before you seizure out
Y’all nigga funny af 😂😂😂
This is basically Naruto Shippuden during Third War, Madara put infinite tsukuyomi to the world , then what? who will he be fightin to after? what hes gonna do? 😂
thumbnail got me dying
🤣
*yes.*
Desmond: “It can kill 100 dogs”
That laugh is the realest thing I’ve seen in this simulation all day
That ending is hilarious 🤣. “Yeah I feel it I feel it it’s pretty strong.....huuuuuuuu” 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
This exactly like the escape prisoner from baki 🤣🤣🤣🤣
L M A O
HxH literally the first arc
Akame in a nutshell
Leiland dying was the best part 💀💀
These videos getting more and more ridiculous every time and I'm here for all of it.😂😂😂😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣
" I Have To Win The Fight "
the accuracy
Ain't no point in telling you nothing you ignorant lol, you a real true villian!
😂😂🤣
If the sun poisonous then plants and animals will die... and water will also be poisonous... so he’d just die from starvation tbh 😂
you're right, but I'll still have my poison🤣
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Too good.
When talk no jutsu don’t work
This is so Caleb city.. I love it
poison, you sure this is poison cus im on a acid trip rn dude
On everything, RDC has never missed
Desmond is always the antagonist
Why though ?
Warning; Here is how it will play out  1. If Jesus Christ comes back to take his church and found you not saved (not believing at him as the savior through believing he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and that he risen again on the third day and alive in heaven now) you will be left behind and there will be great tribulation you will suffer on earth and that will be God's judgement.  The only way to be saved at tribulation after left behind by Jesus when majority of Christians have disappeared is to not take the mark of the beast on your forehead or right hand and you will be killed or starve to death.  2. Death always occur you can die at any time and the huge issue is if you die before Christ returns and you were not believing at him as the savior( that is not believing at Christ that he was crucified and he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and risen again on the third) your soul will go straight to Hell for eternity, at Hell you will burn but not consumed.  Realise that you deserve hell for your sins;  Romans 6:23 plainly states that the wages of sin is DEATH. In Genesis 2:17 God warned Adam and Eve that they would die THE DAY they ate of the forbidden fruit. They disobeyed God, but didn't DIE physically until hundreds of years later. Why? It's because they DIED SPIRITUALLY that awful day, and all mankind has been born spiritually dead since (Romans 5:12). Please understand that spiritual death and the second death are not the same. Every person who is not born again is ALREADY spiritually dead. The second death is Gehenna, i.e., the Lake of Fire (Revelation 20:11-15). All those who die in their sins, without being born again( that is believing that Jesus Christ got crucified and shed his blood for their sins, buried and rose again in the third day and alive now in heaven), will be arraigned, prosecuted, and sentenced at The Great White Throne of Judgment and then cast into the Lake of Fire forever.   Believing at Christ does not involve worship of other gods(church leader&ancestors), object(hand bands,car stickers,trees e.t.c) Muhammad,buddha e.t.c. It's only believing at Christ as the perfect sacrifice for your sins. It's your choice but know that rejecting Christ will send you the wrong direction.  Hebrews 10:4, 10 For it is not possible that the blood of bulls and of goats should take away sins. By the which will we are sanctified through the offering of the body of Jesus Christ once for all.   Any other form of sacrifice be it animal sacrifices it can't save you but we are only saved through the sacrifice of our Lord Jesus Christ.  No works can save you, there is no physical thing you can do to get saved but you are only saved through faith at what Jesus Christ did for you as simple as that.   Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.  Believe and confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ was crucified and he shed his blood for your sins at the cross and was buried but risen again on the third day and alive in heaven now.   After believing at Christ as the savior you must change your ways and try to stay away from bad works or sins as hard as possible, you must show that you are a new individual in Christ. e.g stopping fornication, getting drunk, homosexual acts, masturbation, pornography e.t.c.  Romans 6:6 Knowing this, that our old man is crucified with him, that the body of sin might be destroyed, that henceforth we should not serve sin.  As a human you will still fall at some sins of course as no human is perfect, but you must not swim in sin you must try your best to fight against sins and live a righteous life.  Also grow in the word; I suggest the following YouTube channels; Real bible believers, Robert Breaker and Pastor J.D Farag..
Does this mean he tried to kill more than 17 with his poison but couldn't kill more than 17 of them or that he tried to kill 17 whales with his poison and it worked?
He killed all the hoes to smash smh lmao ' fuck em huh?"
i was like, ok which genjutsu is that at 00:9 kakashi or itashi ones, I guess kakashi  right? but nah none of them, its just a poison jutsu lol
it was the "yes" for me 4:22
the wat Desmond said yes had me Rollin, the whole video honestly
you are a real villain, huh thankyou wtf xd
Kill 7 whales hahaha poison in the sunlight lmfao
Thinking of you Chrollo 0:42
I amplified the UV rays  What does that mean bruh  ...... That means it's basically poison 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
2:37 Bro that "Nagh!" Was so perfect.
SCP-001: When Day Breaks
Y’all forgot the heartbeat and negative color filter
Shinobu from demon slayer be like:
kyrie you not hooping enough
POV: he got hit by sasori's poison
How u die disappointed?  😭😭
Wow what a stupid villain
Plot twist: he’s poisoning humans to make a generation of humans more resistant to poison so he can make more powerful poison to poison them.
This is so true. I would've become his ally after the first poison hit me.
Is this about the environment?
Drake to Pusha T when he released The Story of Adidon 3:45
Next he’ll be putting it in the frogs
desmonds acting range did a domain expansion, mark a great writer frfr
When a whale dies in the ocean, its carcass can become home to entirely new ecosystems. When whales die in the ocean, their bodies eventually sink to the bottom. Once the body comes to rest, biologists refer to this as a whale fall. As you would guess, other fish and sea animals initially eat the meat off the carcass. - Google  Sounds like the dude created 17 new ecosystems.
Best line...  "I have to win the fight...so it's a sacrifice that i NEED."  2:13
Desmond is the heart and soul of this video
You are a villain foreal 😂
stranger walking by🤢🤢🤢
This man said even the sunlight poison done turned everybody in the world to Vampires basically
One of the funniest ones ever lol
Why does he look like he's tripping nutsack in this video lmao
Every “yes” took me out lmaoooo it was so calm, and smooth.   “I’m just gon die”  “....yes🦉”
Poison exist  Villain: yes
Long live the poison
Hero: how many poisons do you have  Villain: In your head
The distorted vision part 🤣
when you realize making skits like this is just playing pretend fighting with friends as kids
He forgot that wierd camera position that makes their eyes look wierd and big like in naruto lol
I got to give it to y'all. You have really improved over the years. It's hard to see in real time but going back to the classics you can see the growth. Thanks for all thr content and keep pushing nothing but success for yall!
Me reading subtitles with sound off: "It's enough to kill 17 wells" Me: does it poison the people who drink from the well? "17 whales?" Me: holy mother of god the well connects to the ocean!
Bruh calling him ignorant was jokes.
pre-lude to gurren lagann with all the people living underground digging holes he’s the reason why.
This was to dam good thank you i like the way y man were talking im proud of y'all
guy: Ya but I' m and thz the envirm't bro like u wha im sayin' [it] we both gotta live here u messin up th  just an ig'nont villan: it necessary sacrifice  guy: ayit
This villain is dedicated I'll say that much.
This looks like a yourrage thumbnail
Baki be like
I put it in the sunlight...haaaa
"Your right, but I'll still have my poison"💀
😂😂😂😂😂😂
“Yes.”
"I put it in to sunlight" is exactly how anime logic works :DDD
3:29 bruhhhh
Im like: @bruh just die " 🤣
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Lmaooo 😭😭
No bullshit Desmond needa be in a movie or some
“I needed to cut ppl, so I can poison them” 😂😂😂
4:30 minutes and yet it feels like a whole 1 hour
Damn you guys are on top your game rn! Keep working guys your work just keeps getting better!
"Yes" lmao
Lol 😂
It do be like that
How is my nigga gonna test da poison SMH everybody dead 😂😂
😂😂😂😂
when the second vaccine kicks in
Yo the quality on this video is crazy, good job!
..."yes" killed me everytime😂😂
I mean, if you wanna get logical... poison only harms you if you digest it. Venom only harms you if you are cut or injected by it. So... he is perfectly fine and just being a drama queen
i swear to god they got this idea from Akame ga Kill this legit how every poison scene be like and theres like 20 villains that use poison 😂😂
POV you’re watching bleach
How is this guy still standing
Quick game, how times did Desmond said yes and poison?
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Cilvanis vibes fr
“We gotta both live here” 🤣🤣
" you the realist villain" " thank you. "
This video real creative bro💯
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
It should've ended with him going, "Oh wait, I'm the character. I'm fine." And then kill the villain.
But I’ll still have my poison 😂😂😂
23 on trending...coo
Very creative video.
2:09 Oblivion characters death 😂😂😂😂
Lmao!
Then socks Mark wearing clean though
3:13 he wants to laugh so bad!! 🤣🤣
1:48 Yes iT’s iN tHe AiR 😂😂😂
this is a good one
The “fuck em huh” took me out bruh🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I have to win the fight is really the answer to everything lmao
Is hood avatar over 😥.
I dfl when he laughed and said I see my poison have taken effect 😭😭😭😭 #classicpoisonguy
yall boys using a reflector? \
Funny is group hands down
Yo how the trams have turned
Desmond is great but why he always the villain.
Villian:  you FOOL, you've been poisoned by my SPECIAL poison that only reacts to resisting the effects of my SUPER POWERFUL POISON which is slowly coursing through your veins...hAHAHAHA...
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I don’t go outside so I will be the only one alive
Omg I'm ☠ from laughter. The little smh just before actually dying is what sold it. Also " I never would of had beef with you if I knew you would go this far."
*cough**cough* Baki
The sun is a deadly laser
This video is amazing, God I love it, awesome!!
The villain must be the US Govt the way hey poisoning our bodies, the air, and the sun smh
Longest death ever😂😂
Shinobu Kocho in a nutshell 😂😂
Ayooooo this was hilarious
"Why would do that to the environment "😂😂😂 "why you gotta sword if you just gonna use poison"
I wonder how long hes been in the Millions
Guys like this are rare.
yoo this is sooo accurate and good
This video is so corny....
🐐🚀
By the 3rd poison I knew this was some bs
Damn
Yes
"You ignorant, you a ignorant villain" 🤣🤣🤣
This was the most Caleb video Desmond has done.
He just ignorant
really tough video to go thru
Big Sao (i think episode 25 season 1 but im probs wrong its the one where they get paralysized in the canyon) vibes
"Its the environment...we both got to live here"....🤣
yes.
“I would’ve never had beef with you if I knew you’d go this far” lmaoo
“I put the poison in the sunlight”                                Desmond 2021
“I amplified the uv rays” That’s not poison, that’s fricking radiation and skin cancer
Desmond built different
I anticipated you would do this....  So I put MORE poison into your poision to cancel it out!
*doesnt even break the fricking skin* *GETS POISONED ANYWAY*
I put it in the Sunlight😂
Nani!?!?!
this is me as a anime protagonist.  this shit crazy, he ignorant.
The way Desmond says yes is priceless lol
So we just not gonna talk about that poor nigga who had nothing to do with the fight?
" No human is surviving more than one whale" says the human currently doing so
"that shit really weak..like...ima be real wichu" a better line has never been said...
Desmond: I have to cut people so I can poison them Also Desmond: I released an oderless poison in the air at random spots around the planet, and I put the poison in the sunlight.  Bruh im weak rn 😂😂😂
This sounds like bill gates fauci their cronies, basically the world elites......
tanjiro in demon slayer
This villain is powerful Talk no jutsu is ineffective against him.
sound like someone from naruto
If this skit is based on an anime I’ll watch it even if it’s longer than one piece
“i’ll still have my poison” 🤣
And that kids is why I would have poison resistance poisons weak if it has no affect on you
Wait He Killed 17 Mom's???
That “Yes.” Fucking. Killed. Me.
In the sunlight 😂😂😂
4:15 I’m diein 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
kankuro vs sasori
Omg the laugh got me 😂
the head shake....yess. Very u.u
"yes" .
Jesus loves you
This is Desmond’s best acting so far lmao
bruh the family part
My most powerful poison... the sun! Lol
You forgot the main character never dies
.... Yes
He said I put it in the air 🤣 when dude grunted and fell I lost it. Still can't find it 🤣
yes
It's the "Yes" for me lol
It be just like dat 😂😂😂😂
I swear these niggas so creative😭😂
Theses guys don’t miss 😭😭😭
This dude shrugged off a poison that killed 17 whales
Camera looking clean af
"No human is surviving more than one whale!" Said the man surviving 17 whales.
"do you know what you're talking bout?"  "No!"
It's venom if it the effect acts through the blood.
3:12 He's so proud when he hasn't even killed the protagonist yet
I'm in tears holy shit this had no business being as funny as it was 😂😂
Dude: What’s going on?  Me: he’s using a devil fruit
desmonds vilan ideology is top tier 😂
This would be the main character from overly cautious hero of he was a poison user
Yo Dez acting skills for real for real can take him far with proper professional training. Can see him as a real antagonist in a wide range of television shows
that’s selfish
yes
this shit got me weak mark talking bout ¨you just hoed the other sixteen whales¨ lmao
“Ain’t no point of telling you nothin you ignorant”😂😂😂😂😂😂 that shit had me dead 😭😭😭😭
Purple haze and fugo: ALLOW ME TO INTRODUCE MYSELF.
Can I get a like for part 2 of Kids next door? We haven’t got it in like 3 years😭
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you ignorant. Just a ignorant villain
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 never have i laughed like this in my life
The baby dunk head band got me dying😭
Sasori is the king of poison had it in every weapon 😂
He said he felt bad for fucking up the environment but then killed everything on earth with sunlight.
“Yes” -the destroyer of  humanity
Stg every Anime Have them saying the word  IMPOSSIBLE in it
This villain gives zero fucks 😂😂😂
yes
Those other 16 whales caught the worst stray of all time
Yo this might be Desmond's best performance yet this was hilarious
"I have to win the fight..." - Unnecessarily Evil Villain Catchphrase
Wait if their is poison from the sunlight, doesn't that mean that Desmond should also be affected too?
I have to win the fight! Lol
Sasori be like:
That headband is heat 🤯
“Yes.” 😃
Mark: You ignorant... you know that right Desmond: (calm yet assertive) yes...
I have to win the fight 😂
Mark sounded like my dad when he said f**k huh.
"That's selfish" lol 😂
U got a family? 😂
17 whales
"We gotta both live in here"   idky thats so funny to me! lol
“You got a family?”   “fuck em...”   😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂 you hoed them 16 other whales
Great video fr 😂
*why would you do to that the environment?* 🤨
😂😂
Frost and goku/piccolo
Hero: there will be no more hoes  Desmond: yes
sheeeeesh yall wavy
Youtube gave you #19 on trending to make up for the 19 whales😭🙏😂
Bruh his smile knowing he killed the world
This channel is gold
4:16 Found a clip for people to start using in twitter arguments- it'll save you a lot of time.
Jesus loves u which is why he suffered and died for ur sins so pls turn to him, he changed my life for the better and he can so the same for u if u accept him into ur heart and confess that he is ur lord and personal savior
Mark was top notch as always, and Desmond played that role perfectly man 😂😂😂😂😂
When the serious fight stops to talk about the environment 😂😂😂💔
Using poison in anime is cheap no cap
"you ignorant you know that right?" "Yes.. but I still have my poison"
I love when Marks compassionate side comes out...even better that he makes it hilarious...he was similar in the Hood Avatar...there were some real values there...and laughs of course!
Desmond is the friend who keeps changing the rules on the playground when things don't go his way. Y'all know the ones when we were kids. LOL
"They aint gon be nobody left to fight"  "Yeah but I still got my poison"- Lol
Baki vibes lol
Bruh Desmond looks so proud when he says “yes” 😭😭😭
Y'all really had a mirror for better lighting 😭🌯
Bro I can't stop laughing at Des, his character doesn't know what he's talking about and absolutely gives no fucks about it either🤣🤣
POV: your chrollo
Akame is typing
“Thank you”😂😂😂
i have to win the fight
DUDE THIS IS HILARIOUS
Killua: I’m about to end this mans whole career
where can i Cop that white headband though?
The whole fight was just a series of certified bruh moments xD
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Desmond forever the villain 😂😂
😭😭😭😭 I’m weak
Ignorant villain 🤣🤣
"Yes."
Sounds like when you playing as a kid and your friend just trying to be op asf and it's some bullshit
I mean he had to win the fight, can you blame a brother for trying.
🤣🤣🤣🤣 yaw the goats fr
*cough* *cough* Shinobu Kocho
Sasori
Okay when you started talking about how the whale killing was fucked up I actually laughed out loud, something I haven’t done in years.
"YOURE GONNA KILL EVERYONE ON EARTH! ITS THE SUN, EVERYBODY DYING... you got the antidote? What are you doing?" "Yes, but only for me" "Thats selfish. Thats selfish." 💀💀💀
😭😂
Y’all geeks lol
#19 on trending in Albania 🇦🇱
Well even so 😂
This reminds me of that captain from Bleach, I think Mayuri was his name or sumn
☠️☠️☠️
😂😂😂😂😂 Y’all need like an anime variety show... Like an anime Chappelle show
*procrastinating with RDC videos* Me: it’s a necessary sacrifice.
2:09 Homie died like an Oblivion NPC lmao
Yo, you guys' acting got real near the end! Nice, liked the dramatic vibe for a change.
He used it on 17 whales and he still needed other poison to take the dude out. So he kinda valid on that part.
It’s an estimation of 7 kills getting killed but he really did kill them
Yes.
Desmond looking like  he tryna poison a brother in real life
Even though we judging this villain, he the only villain that won so it was all worth it.
Should I drop out of highschool to become the greatest artist alive? 🌎💯💎😈
i luv how this is #19 on trending
“Fuck them huh”😂😂
😔
"Yo bro, like; that's the environment... we both gotta live in it y'know; and you're messing it up..."  That line was awesome... and pretty deep.
0/10 He forgot to lick his blade.
2:47 he almost broke🤣
He had to win the fight
“Yh I feel it, i feel it” had me screaming!🤣🤣
Aint no point of telling you nothing huh? You just ignorantA
The go
legit sakura and chiyo vs sasori
"An ignorant villain who won"
Ayyye just in time, I just got out of scho- Oh I'm Late.😅
Truth max
I wasn’t even 17 whales. He would have to do a lot of testing to even get the results he wanted. This extends to all the other poisons. Also love that line “you’re the real villain” “thank you” lol
Yo this dead ass may be the funniest video y’all made 🤣🤣
10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. Ninety-nine percent of lawyers give the rest a bad name. 2. The last thing on earth you want to do will be the last thing you do. 3. Diplomacy is the art of letting someone else get your way. 4. If ignorance is bliss, then tourists are in a constant state of euphoria. 5. Be nice to your kids. They'll choose your nursing home. 6. Gravity: It's not just a good idea, it's the LAW! 7. Life is too complicated in the morning. 8. We are all part of the ultimate statistic -- ten out of ten die. 9. The Big Bang Theory: God Spoke and BANG! it happened.  10. You can't have everything; where would you put it?  Editorial: Probably the most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit. Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die. This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true: Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said, "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying, thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that, while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God will never let you down.
😂😂😂
😂😂
Yes
the antidote is friendship
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 “you’re an ignorant villain”
2:09 That grunt before he passed out... I can’t 😂😂 The type of NPC to walk in the middle of a fight and get caught in the crossfire. 😂
Poison be my Pokémon type.
2:07 got me dead laughing 😂😂
I Gotta hand it to the guy. HE'S FUCKING SHIT AT MAKING POISON! It can kill 17 whales, but it takes 3 whole ass minutes to kill a human??!?! The same dose and having said human poisoned by 2 OTHER POISONS? He's trash, soo trash, must've been good only for killing side characters. Trash.
These crusty a** lips y’all peep 😂🥶
Love Mark for Speaking Reality to the villains or Heroes in Anime.
mark sounds like bernie mac
Desmond says it's a sacrifices....Then puts all the poisons all over the air lol and then THE SuN Desmond says it's a sacrifice....
Not ignorant 😭😭😭😭😭
this had me dying the whole time
Just poison one whale, then multiply the dose 17 times.
The rdc crew needs to make a anime
*No whales were harmed in the making of this video*
watt
When he said “I have to win the fight”, I felt that 😂🤣😂
Mark: You got a family? Desmond: Yes Mark: Fuck them huh? Desmond: They have to die 😂
Yes.
Sunlight poison??? YOU FIEND
trippin fr
He still can't beat Goku though.
Do the Bill Cosby
This episode cut deep.....
Akame ga kill be like
Hey guys, do some Family Feud skits, pick two anime crew and do the skit.
"I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT....."
“You ignorant” 😂😂😂
CAUSTIC IN APEX, ENOUGH SAID
#whalelivesmatter I think the only person who would be using poison this wild is mayuri from bleach 😂
Sunlight poison lol
They don’t miss 😂😂😂
Don’t forget that the villain some how poisons himself by accident
Lmao im crying 🤣🤣🤣 it's in the 🌞 rays 🤣🤣🤣
But isn't the sun hitting the villain too so they've poisoned themselves?
This funny asf
Killed 7 Billion people to win a fight.
If he put poision in the air and the sun how isnt he ded also
LELAND HAS ME WEAK ASF!!! HHHMMGGGHHH 💀💀💀 **collapses
"Do you know what you're talking about?" Queue the most confident *No* ever
High af watching this 😭💀
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ok, these stay cracking me up xD
petition for itachi to be in anime house 6 as a possible supporter for light
I’m rollin!!
"Yes"
You won the fight but at what cost
Deadass villain
The mc died 😹
"You got a family? Fuck em huh?"
Hero: *explains logic and sense* Villain: "Yiss."
You’re right but I’ll still have my poison. Best part
Why did that make me think of Hamlet?
😂😂😂😂 “I put it in sunlight” dead ass lost it!!! 😂
I love Desmond’s delivery. He sounds so low key about this, not realizing how extra he’s being with these poisons
I can’t be the only one dying of laughter
"You got a family, "yes" F#@%^ me huh" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
“I have to win the fight”
"that shit really weak.. like imma be real with you" 😂😂
So true in the title
I’m literally crying right now 😂😂😂😂😂
Do a how 2chainz and lil baby after the game
He is going to keep making poison but there won't be anyone else to tested it on but himself.  So even he dies at the end.
Killua wants to know this villains location.
The fact that arguably their chillest member plays the bad guy in almost every video is just hilarious af 😅
SASORI!!!!
Lmaooooo
Dang this is hilarious.
Keep it up y'all are the best!!!!!
How people explain how they’ve beaten their opponent in anime?
Thats what all women says to me when thwy experience my love poison
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
WAVE CHECK 😂👌🏾💯🔥
I have to win the fight ! 🤣
Mark San: I am not mad just disappointed
Bruh why kill 17 whales when there's humans
he is toxic
When the villain steals the main character plot armour.
This is basically HunterxHunter
Mark: You got a family?  Desmond: Yes...  Mark: FUCK EM' HUH?  Me: ahahahhahahahhalmalmagsgvdvdhsihhi. I'm gone!
He forgot the villians inner thoughts saying "he shouldn't even be able to move/think/breathe etc followed by NO matter my next poison should take effect right about....
All facts! Hahahah  You just ignorant you know that right....yes
Hi
LMFAOOOO
these the dudes i dont fucks with the most LoL
this remind me of konkoro vs sasori
I love how he just gets over the poison to scold him
If the poison was in the sun, wouldent it kill the villain?
All whale lives matter
This has to be a reference to demon slayer🤣🤣
Mark: You just a ignorant villain you know that?   Desmond: Yes.
Sasori and kankuro watching this like.... 😑
Bro this was the funniest video I’ve seen from y’all Lmaoo I’m in legit tears
lul
"yHu gotta family? fuc em huh"😂
This one killed me 😂😂
How many elephants did sunlight poison kill though?
"You a ignorant villain. You know that, huh?"  "Yes"  Good response
I stg all poison users are like this prove me wrong.
Smh theres only like 30 whales on this earth -17
But for real though, some villain will be just be doing some messed up shit for no reason.
The funniest thing about this is Desmond's expression
aye this was a banger lmaoo
Yep🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
i must win the fight
All these has taken affect . 😆 What this is yu gi oh
dont get it cuz im no weeb
“my poison has taken effect” 🤣🤣🤣 Every poison user favor line
“Sunlight”😂💀🍉
"You a real villain"  "Thank You"
Relatable, have a good day
Only side characters dies from poison 😂😂 the main never dies regardless of the poison was made by God himself.
"be"........ LOL. It is "act". Fool!
That thumbnail's like, when you're losing consciousness and hear Bill Cosby laughing in the distance.
The word yes has never made me laugh this hard dawg 😂😂😂
Im pretty sure everyone had the same 2 people immediately come into mind on this haha
Who else immediately thought of Shinobu Kochou, demon slayer?
"You just an ignorant villain"
🤣😭 the poison spam
To much poison to kill one man xd
Bro I swear this shit true
Yes
Accurate asf bro
Desmond really OP bro
“I had to win the fight”
It’s always odorless
Him: im just a highschooler Also him: poison that would kill the sun if you injected this into it is NOTHING
😭😭💀🌚
https://youtu.be/V1A04gRvOy0
Them boys almost got full beards now...we’re nearing the end
These guys need to make their own anime. Who agrees?
BRO THAT BIT STARTING AT :43 seconds I’m fucking crying... you hoed the other 16 Whales 😂
New camera?
Instead of pressing the hard punch button he should do a lot of fast move so the poison don't take effect
wait if the poision is in the air and sunlight how is desmond surviving......
Hahahah funny, this usually happen  in a football game back home Africa while the goalkeeper  is ready to grab the ball he just see the leopard jumping  strait on  his face instead of the ball 😭😭😭😭
Hmpp 💀
Lmaooooo bruh, poison in the sunlight. Damn
3:10 lmao x'D
Yo drop that new video game house already!!!
Yes.
This was great fellas!  As always
Bro poison is so weak.  It’s ruined so many shows fight scenes 😂
Mark: "You did _____?!?!?!?!" Dez: "....yessss :D....."  HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
That boy is poissooonnnn!
I almost spit out my coffee, towards the end of this video lmao
Oh yeah yo been poisoned 🤮
Lmaaaooo I’m loving the better quality let’s gooo Lmaaaooo too funny!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣why not 1 whale
Yuhhhh
Poison using villains really get hoed tho, they end up always getting completely countered by the one person who has an antidote or an immunity to that shit 😭
@4:08 Dog and random person are immune xD
4:08 “there ain’t gonna be nobody else to fight” Me: sees someone driving he’s car peacefully in the background
Demon Slayer team versus muzon in a nutshell
The 17 whales were just a means to a end. Oh yeah and that bystander too lol
Repent of your sins and turn to God, for the kingdom of Heaven is near. Matthew 3:2  Jesus loves you!  = ) Never give up on your life!!
This'll be shared on my socials immediately. I hate mornings, but this actually made me laugh out loud several times before I had coffee. You guys are sheer genius.
"I have to when the fight!"😂
I swear Desmond almost broke character at "I put it in the sunlight."
Wait won't that mean he go kill the plants and animals. Ain't he gonna starve?
When the effect played again, my first thought was that the poison's (or rather venom's) effect got worse.
“Do you know what you’re talking about? No.”
“Do you know what your talking about?”  “No.”😂
Thought this was a yourrage video
Caesar Clown 😂😂😂
Pulled a page out Calebs book 😁
https://youtu.be/sDAzpO2Boo8  Hey there! I know we don’t know each other but idk if you’ve seen me posting about this recently or not but this is the YouTube series I’m starting. We’re in the process of filming episode 2 soon. I’m super excited about it! If you haven’t done so already you should subscribe to the YouTube channel and follow the IG page. Thanks 🙏🏼   @bmoreindi
I have to win the fight
It's funny how he's disappointed to his last minute 🤣🤣
greatest Anime death scene
Even poison ivy had a heart. Damn Desmond you cold blooded
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"It's basically poison." 🤣🤣🤣🤣
*shinobu’s poison be like*
*"This little scratch poisoned me?"* Literally everyone Akame has killed : first time?
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
START STORYTIME BACK‼️‼️‼️ it’s been too long Mark!!!
This thumbnail built like a yourrage vid
"You got a family?" "Yes." "Fuck em, huh?" That shit had me hollering😂😂😂
Then 17 🐳
This small scratch poisoned me impossible🤣🤣🤣🤣
Where do you guys get your swords from
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Should’ve said, “u a bitch”.
I really, feel like this deals with corona.
“I have to win the fight.” 😂😂😂
Hahah he's so proud of the stupid poison hahah
"You really weak for that one" LMAO
Desmond snaps his fingers Desmond: " It was a necessary sacrifice"
What... "Talk No Jutsu" didn't work?
This was too accurate 😂😂😂😂😂 desmond be using poisons like magic spells
Fun fact: The Man has been poisoning fried Chicken since the 60s
legends say he caused the covid-19
Caleb city much
"You have family?"  "Yes." "Fuck em, huh?"  XD
YOU PUT THE POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT 🤣🤣🤣
Why is this thing so true in anime they always do it😂
Hero: "There ain't gonna be anybody left to fight !" Villain: "You're right but I'll still have my poison "   I don't even know if I should respect the ambition or laugh from the absurdity. Either way, my ribs're hurting 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
👻 Haunt his goofy ahh then it ain't over
Don’t forget about the weird genetic dna that heals the character over time 😂😂
If Mark with Enhanced Ignorance was Deku, this villain is All Might, he's the best Enhanced Ignorance user
LMAO!!!
😂😂😂😂
PoiSoN
We all know that laugh @0:18
poison characters are the biggest bitches and they still don't know how to fight lmao
This gives me Calebcity vibes 😂😂😂
Demon slayer be like 🤣
Man you’re just a ignorant villan huh?
Yes
Giving me Akame Ga Kill vibes
Why bro die so slowly still talking to bruh lmao
⡏⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠋⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠋⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠉⠙⠉⠉⠉⠹ ⡇⢸⣿⡟⠛⢿⣷⠀⢸⣿⡟⠛⢿⣷⡄⢸⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⡇⢸⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀ ⡇⢸⣿⣧⣤⣾⠿⠀⢸⣿⣇⣀⣸⡿⠃⢸⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⡇⢸⣿⣇⣀⣸⣿⡇⠀ ⡇⢸⣿⡏⠉⢹⣿⡆⢸⣿⡟⠛⢻⣷⡄⢸⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⡇⢸⣿⡏⠉⢹⣿⡇⠀ ⡇⢸⣿⣧⣤⣼⡿⠃⢸⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⡇⠸⣿⣧⣤⣼⡿⠁⢸⣿⡇⠀⢸⣿⡇⠀ ⣇⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣄⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣀⣠⣀⡈⠉⣁⣀⣄⣀⣀⣀⣠⣀⣀⣀⣰ ⣇⣿⠘⣿⣿⣿⡿⡿⣟⣟⢟⢟⢝⠵⡝⣿⡿⢂⣼⣿⣷⣌⠩⡫⡻⣝⠹⢿⣿⣷ ⡆⣿⣆⠱⣝⡵⣝⢅⠙⣿⢕⢕⢕⢕⢝⣥⢒⠅⣿⣿⣿⡿⣳⣌⠪⡪⣡⢑⢝⣇ ⡆⣿⣿⣦⠹⣳⣳⣕⢅⠈⢗⢕⢕⢕⢕⢕⢈⢆⠟⠋⠉⠁⠉⠉⠁⠈⠼⢐⢕⢽ ⡗⢰⣶⣶⣦⣝⢝⢕⢕⠅⡆⢕⢕⢕⢕⢕⣴⠏⣠⡶⠛⡉⡉⡛⢶⣦⡀⠐⣕⢕ ⡝⡄⢻⢟⣿⣿⣷⣕⣕⣅⣿⣔⣕⣵⣵⣿⣿⢠⣿⢠⣮⡈⣌⠨⠅⠹⣷⡀⢱⢕ ⡝⡵⠟⠈⢀⣀⣀⡀⠉⢿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣼⣿⢈⡋⠴⢿⡟⣡⡇⣿⡇⡀⢕ ⡝⠁⣠⣾⠟⡉⡉⡉⠻⣦⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣧⠸⣿⣦⣥⣿⡇⡿⣰⢗⢄ ⠁⢰⣿⡏⣴⣌⠈⣌⠡⠈⢻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣬⣉⣉⣁⣄⢖⢕⢕⢕ ⡀⢻⣿⡇⢙⠁⠴⢿⡟⣡⡆⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣷⣵⣵⣿ ⡻⣄⣻⣿⣌⠘⢿⣷⣥⣿⠇⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠛⠻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿ ⣷⢄⠻⣿⣟⠿⠦⠍⠉⣡⣾⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⢸⣿⣦⠙⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠟ ⡕⡑⣑⣈⣻⢗⢟⢞⢝⣻⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠸⣿⠿⠃⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⡿⠁⣠ ⡝⡵⡈⢟⢕⢕⢕⢕⣵⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣶⣶⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠋⣀⣈⠙ ⡝⡵⡕⡀⠑⠳⠿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⣿⠿⠛⢉⡠⡲⡫⡪⡪⡣
I wish I had friends who loved anime this much
You got a family right? Fuck em?
Well he have to win the fight🙌🏻
Desmond's Character is Bill Gates. Lmao
Really missing a flashback scene where you think of your bois and get back up, but was pretty good anyway ;)
Poor whales, but you know, he have to win this fight.
It's every "Yes." for me lmaoo
That person walking the dog is immune to poison.
Accurate 😂😂😂
That man in the car 4:09 survived the sun poison
You put the poison in the sunlight!?  Lmfo🤣 the fact you couldn't see him made it even funnier!!! 😆
Random bystander: hngh!! *drops dead
that’s selfish 😂😂
Look like rage made this thumbnail look like yourrage made it!
😂😂😂😂😂
This is that one sound ninja from naruto during the chunin exams that uses that gauntlet thing that emits sound waves 😂
yES
"That's selfish" 😂😂😂
LOL in Assassin Creed Origins I have a sword that can poison people and once one person is poison it just spreads to others like fire even the civilians until the whole street is cleared and I don't get any repercussions for it because I didn't physically attack them.
Me: Brooo!!! How many poisons do you have?!?!?!  Desmond: *Yes*
But if you tested the poison on one whale, couldn't you just increase the dosage x17 times... 16 whales wouldn't have needed to die then.
Wow....Ainn no point in telling you nothing. You ignorant😂😂😂
I immediately thought of Hanzo and Sasori
I see that the poison has taken effect
This gay
Shinobu Moment
I can't stop laughing bro🤣🤣🤣🤣
Look like my poison has taken effect 😭
#thatsselfish
🤣🤣🤣💀
Damn they even got the long on going dialogue accurate too just like in the anime
Content idea: anime makes boring things not boring
This is actually a really good demonstration of what a true mad Supervillain would be like.
1:04 i wonder what that people will be thinking.lolzzzz
😂😂😂
Wen da nigga in da red shirt walking and just died 😂🤣😂🤣😂
mayuri belike
Wait until BBC recommend you a video that was posted 6 years about that woman scratch her hand and her dog lick her wound and lost her legs...  Yeah
Now Caleb needs to make a video showing how ridiculous it is that the MC survived poison strong enough to kill 17 whales
Another banger 🤟🏾
"yyes"
POV: Sasori and Konoroh
The way he kept saying "No" and "Yes" in the back 😂
Somebody need to nerf Desmond man
I’m dying 😂😂😂😂
Demon slayer insect hashira be like
"Yeah. I'll have my poison." , 😂
I put it in the sun light😂😂😂😂😂😂
“You got a family f*** em huh ?”
I'm laughing so hard right now😂😂
The UV poison was a necessary evil I guess😂😂
How do you know he didn’t kill only one whale, and used 17 times as much poison on you?
This channel is so good. It makes all of us feel dumb we didn't start one ourselves years ago. Hilarious shit.
Imagine Caleb on this😂😂😂💀
Lmao desmond was acting like caleb in this one 😂😂😂😂
I put it in sunlight-     Lmao
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Why 17 whales😂
I nominate Desmond for an Oscar as best Antagonist regardless of the roll 😂😂😂
the last time edward and roger met an island disapeared
Desmond:*kills himself with poison* Also desmond:its a sacrifice that had to be made.
Plot twist: Desmond’s power is to make people Constipated
كتانظاملمبم
I want a episode 6 anime
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
He gave mark that orochimaru treatment
"I've poisoned the sunlight" ....... Oh god it's like heavy weather all over again lol
"i amplified the UV Rays" "basically poison" Actualy it's radiaton Not poison you can die of radiaton poisoning but it's Still Radiaton
"i amplified the UV rays". hahahaha, dope video funny AF
No more humans lol back to poisoning whales
Lol
setronmonve
Take a shot everytime Desmond says Yes
Haha Batman
You gotta just love the way Desmond says "Yes."
"How do you know that?" "I tested it" "You KILLED 17 whales?" "Yes"  "Why, tho?.... No human is surviving more than one whale" That's true. Also, How much poison does this "villain" have?
Unless its just straight up Acid
Lol love the environmental message haha "like we both got to live here"
shinobu be like
just one milligram of that stuff is enough to paralyze a whale ~Chrollo Lucifer
When the odorless poison took effect lollll u kinda looked like Bernie mac real quick lol
Nah he didn't do tht Stoopid villian laugh...added hero didn't do tht UNNECESSARY GRUNTS million tumes with surprised pikachu Faces.
"Why'd you kill 17 whales?"  "I'm japanese"
The average question theoretically spell because rake admittedly juggle outside a common kitchen. dusty, faint fair supermarket
so legend is coming back eh?
You a ignorant villain 🤣🤣
Im crying 😂😂
Their vision gets blurry but then they find a random reptile in the grass, they eat it and it actually has the antidote.
I can’t wit these dude bruh🤣🤣🤣
It’s the you have a family,fuck em 🤣🤣🤣
" you killed 17 whales" 🤣
That last head shake, true disappointment
It was the head shaking before dying that got me...
Man just living with his poison for years
😂😂
Yes yes yes
LMAO “I have to win the fight “
Nothing great as death
“ We gotta both live here” LOOOL
“That shit really weak”😂
You forgot the heartbeat sound effect right as it kicks in
Most commonly used words in the skit  “Yes”.. and “I have to win the fightttt” 🤣🤣🤣
Akame ga kill flashbacks
The conversation went from trying to poison someone to talking about the sake of the whales and environment
Why is Desmond always the villain?😭
Basically Weather Report's Heavy Weather
lmfao stupid
Anime villains be using the most outta whack poisons too like a simple dose of a toxic chemical is good enough 😂
The poison villains always just stand there 💀
Literally reminded me of Kankuro being poisoned in Naruto shippuden 🤣
"Messing up the environment"😭
So if the poison kills 17 whales that means he had more whales in case it could kill more
Him fuck the world Villain-“I have to win the fight” Him “your gonna kill the world  Villain “yes”
is dat how dey be
Discount CalebCity
its crazy that YT doesnt pay these dudes
" I have to win the fight "🤣
I love how some random citizen just dies
I'm choking🤣🤣
Mark: *So you just hoed sixteen whales?*   I spit out my Caprisun laughing so hard😭
Desmond Dono: *I put the poison in random pockets of air*  Covid-19: *And I took that personally*
Got damn hilarious... ultra violet poison. I must win, yes, yes, yes, yes.
I felt that last part I feel like that in life can't tell a niga nun ppl just b ignorant 😂😂💯
Do a skit where like the poison guy isn’t evil lol but everyone thinks he is
poison in anime literall omai wa mou shindeiru moment
Poison ☠️ 🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
aint no point in tellin you nothin, you just ignorant, you just an ignorant villain" lol funniest line
Poison Villains be doing the most💀
Chrollo Lucilfer vs Zeno and Silva Zoldyck
On a health grind see you in 4 years 😏
its always the villains that use poison 😭
This is 360p quality? Pewds should get the camera they're using.
When villain really wanna defeted mc
“Your right but ill still have my poison”
This could also be named "any jojo villain"
Playground fights be like
Its either super affective or the main char plans for it
“This small scratch poisoned me?!” Wait till you meet Akame
Hero: You got a family?  Villain: Yes!  Hero: Fuck’em huh?!  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yes i had to win the fight🤣🤣🤣
BRO I DIED LAUGHING WHEN HE SAID HE PUT IT IN THE SUN LIGHT!!!
13th on trending
I have to win the fight
Desmond is a menace to society
Akame be like T_T
Yes
Ok
lol this video really flirts with the 180 degree rule
Yes
Hero: How many poisons do you have?  Villain: *YES.*
😂😂😂
Fucking love you guys!
The swordsman did have a Socrates feel.
Low key disappointed that I didn't see the thumbnail filter used in this skit😂
Likes for paying respect for the lost souls of the 16 whales 🐋
What if Mark didn't die at the end cause Desmond's poison killed the Grim Reaper too 🤔
“You got a family?” “Fuck em huh?”💀
Dope. Very well done
He said why would you do that to the environment bruh😂
this had me on the floor, damn gg
@2:10 When dude died due to the odorless poison I was rolling lmao 😂🤣
Why 17 whales? Why not 17 goats? 17 not flounders? Just all of it why??
he had to win
You forgot the loud heartbeat 💀
From the thumbnail I thought this was a YourRage video
😂
lmao ❕💯
You ignorant. You know that huh  ..Yes
17 whales, lol
Akik.......    ; Don't . forget   ,.......
I had to win a fight
The whale metric is from HxH isn't it? That spider gang boss fight with Killua's father
WHEN YOU REPENT TO THE LORD YOU HAVE TO CHANGE YOUR ACTIONS TO SHOW YOU WANT TO CHANGE! ACCEPT HIM AS YOUR LORD AND SAVIOR, OBEY HIM, READ AND SPREAD THE GOSPEL! YOUR NOT ALWAYS GONNA FEEL COMFORTABLE WITH WHAT THE LORD WANTS YOU TO DO BUT U HAVE TO DO IT IF YOU TRULY LOVE AND OBEY HIM. YOU HAVE TO READ AND SPREAD THE GOSPEL SO WE CAN SAVE AS MANY SOULS AS POSSIBLE! PLEASE I WANT TO SEE YOU ALL THERE. DON’T GIVE UP YOUR ETERNITY IN HEAVEN FOR SIN! YOU HAVE TO OBEY HIM OR YOU WILL BURN IN HELL AND NEVER STOP BURNING PLEASE! GOD BLESS
Yes.
It's  akame ga kill all over again
"You just a ignorant villain. You know that huh?"  Him: yes
His most powerful poison is countered by wearing a coat.
i have to win the fight !
“My OTHER odorless poison” “What?” 😂😂😂
Got me weak as hell bro this one of the funniest videos from y’all on g 😂🤣👌
Anything to win 😂
Bruh these poisons be triggering like Yu-Gi-Oh 😂
"You got a family?"  "Yes" "Fuck em huh?" "They have to die. I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT!"🤣🤣
O
The poison always comes in clutch like it got a mind of it's own
The n*gga mark is black as hell, UV rays ain’t doin nothing against that melanin
THEY JUST LIKE DRAKE THEY DONT MISS
You got a family? Yes. Fuckm huh.
ACCURATE!! lmaoo y’all skin looks so nice in this too
https://youtu.be/sKCnZwwqoqw
Nobody:  Not even the sun:        Desmond: its just poison.
💀💀💀💀💀💀
Sasori
Is that old settlers park
lmaooo rip op poison character lol
This man is obsessed with his poison
That shit look like the battle pass
He should have said what was the point of the other poison if your most powerful is the sun
Shinobu be like:
the wolf from DBS is reall quite right about now
Dreamville
Why does the enemy look like he is part of the akatsuki
yeah im going to die
17 whales? But isn't this how Toxicologists define how potent a Toxin is? "1 drop can kill 20 Full Grown Men in 15 minutes" How do they know that? Did they test it on people?
Lmao
They swear they gon die  They always whip out an antidote 😂😂😂😂😂
“I wanted to be accurate” I’m dead🤣🤣🤣
Poison guy died of starvation in the end. By putting poison in the sunlight he poisoned all the animals and crops too. Thus he had no food to eat.
Sasori be like
Pretend fighting your friends when you were in elementary school be like:
Yo Dez evil laugh gonna get an Oscar on this performance 😂
Isn't friendship power enough to handle him.
Hahhahaahhaha
The second and third poisons are straight up Jojo stand powers....
This kinda be true tho especially in video games ngl.
LMAATWO
lol
Imagine if the antidote was sunscreen
That nigga Juiced UP on vitamin C if he lasted THIS long with poisen running through his vaynes, Covid won't even Touch him
I’m sorry but 16 whale 🤣🤣😂🤣😂😂😂
Toxic!
At 0:10 I was expecting the heartbeat sound effect that signifies ill-health in anime
"Did you win?" "Yes." "What did it cost?"  "𝗘𝘃𝗲𝗿𝘆𝘁𝗵𝗶𝗻𝗴."
Well there goes the whole world
0:50 only black people would stop a fight and talk about the matter at hand, "you killed 17 whales?...WHY though?"
I feel like RDC could write one of the best anime parodies out there, they just need an animation studio to partner with lmao
I lost it at 17 whales 😂
Menace to society 😂🤘☄️
Too much truth in this video
People who disliked this video🤡🤡
“I wanted to be accurate ya know” 💀
Rdcwold: it looks like my poison is in afect
"Origin stories: Caustic"
I died at the "Man, what does that mean, bruh"
The only invincible anime poison (I know of) is Akame’s one shot sword from Akame ga kill. The only way to escape it is to cut off what’s been cut before it spreads to your body.
Anime fans I need help finding the sake of a weapon. I’ve seen it a few times, it’s two dowels with another dowel as a handle. It looks like an “a” in Koreans characters. It goes from the length of your forearm to the top of your fist. I guess it helps protect your arms.  If you need more detail i can attempt to describe it better
ហហហហ
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why tf he not poisoned
Yeah anime be doing so much with poison
😂🤣
Ha!
Mark: How many poison do you have?  Desmond: Yes
Mans killed 17 whales 😭😂😂😂
It's way too true 😂
I have to win the fight
Praise Jesus and I pray for you all in Christ’s name 🙏✝️❤️
y e s
You need one of those metallic carriers passing by to protect you from the poisons.
Desmond really can act.
Protagonist: talks for 5min Also protagonist: My Anti-bodies have already taken effect
Yall TOO FUNYY!
2:07 😆😆😆
I have to win this fight 😂😂😂😂
The way he falling down n talking tho 😭
"I have to win the fight"
“Yes”
You're the realist villain 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Bruh Leland falling down got me rollin the most
That’s Selfish😐 😂😂😂
Only the first 15 seconds...and yall on point 😂👌🏾
Frost is typing.......
Hell yea
Your the realist villain.  Thank you
Desmond plays the best antagonists.
This shit was funny as shit. I lost it. Great videos🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Funny enough i just got finished watching sasori vs sakura/chiyo
My man Sasori
I really feel like you don't know what you talking about! 😂
😂it’s always “looks like my poison has taken effect”
Covid is just another one of his poisons
People watching these black weeb men playing with black swords: Da fuk dey doin' ova de?
"Imma be real with you...I don't like fighting people like that" 🤣🤣🤣
Wrong, they actually poison them and then you have to collect 3 rings and drink liquid out of it and battle aztect gods for the rings and use yellow power to beat them and then when you beat all gods and have all rings drink the liquid inside the rings and you are cured.
17 whales? *odd flex* but ok.
Yeeyeeaspoison
#savethewhales
Boy this camera crisper than some lays
Desmond always about that murder life 💀💀💀
“Coco be like”
To be fair the hero did survive the deadly 17 whale killing poison attack. He shouldve went for a even 20 to be safe.
😂😂😂😂😂
poison in the uv rays boski you are ending the world
U got a family? Fuck em huh? 😭😭
ymbgtb eh 🤔 ? itynbtw
"Yes"
goddamn this camera is CRISP
i thought you said wells and the other 2 options in my mind was: Harrison wells from flash and the well where you take water
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭 This was Hilarious
This way too funny bruh ! 😭😭😭
YouTube hoed me like the villain in this video hoed everybody. I didn't get my noti when this dropped.
Fire as usual
When he asked a question 😂😂😂
Lmfao! Yall boys funny
Dude every time you laugh at rdc subtracts a day from your lifespan.    I’m long gone lol
lmfao we need more of these hahahaha
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT
Baki
Oh nah he was whaling😂. 17 whales is ode
どく
"But I'll still have my poison" 😂😂😂
When the last hood avatar coming
THE WAY DES JUST SAYS YES ALL THE TIME IS JUST FUNNY LMAO🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yo where did you get that headband that shit hard af🔥🔥
2:47 SCP 001 When day breaks
Mayuri Kurotsuchi vs. Szayelaporro Granz
I thought he'd say something like "damn you really wasted all that for me? Man I'm just a side character"
this is how caustic mains play apex
“You killed 17 whales”  🤣🤣🤣
Yes
2:09 😂😂😂
R.I.P to those 16 whales
LMAOOOOOOO " you're a real villain" " thank you"
Mega demon slayer vibes
Why does this give me pain vibes tho 😂💔
Why did this remind me as akame
“ you know that huh ?” 😂😂😂
this made me think of chem trails...
I have to win the fight it was  Necessary to win. The fight 🤣
I died!!!!!! At that’s weak bro, ion like fighting people like you 😂😂😂😂😂
Introverts hearing he put the poison in the sunlight: well that's another reason for me to stay inside
Bajahahahhahaha
The villainous monologue right before Yujiro Hanma slams his face into the pavement.
By fat the funniest one!!! 😂 "You put it in the sun how you do that"
Lol
The amount of one liners from this one video
I’m dying. These jokes are poison 😂😂😂😂
"Yes"
"YES..."
love y’all’s videos
“You put the poison in the sunlight?” 😂
Feel like any mc could be beaten by a villian that doesn’t talk
#10 FOR TRENDING
You guys are fine ^~^
16 whole whales had to die for this.
aint no point in telling you nothing you ignorant
YOU JUST AN IGNORANT VILLAIN 🤣🤣🤣
This is awesome
“This poison is enough to kill 17 whales” they say shit like that for real.😂😵💀😇
Luffy 👀
https://youtu.be/8S9EdtAR0mI
😂😂😂
I lost it when he said that’s selfish 😂😂😂😂😍
Why would u kill 17 whales? I wanted to b accurate 😆
"You put the poison in the sunlight?"
“I had to win the fight”🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
yes.
4:03 imagine if he coughed up blood🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yes 😂😂
"You have family?" "Yeah!" "Fuck em huh?" "They have to die" 🤣🤣🤣
I feel like this is directed at Hunter X Hunter
If Goku was a villian
Desmond's evil smile is spot on
I’m just gonna die
I'll make more poison get more powerful 😂😂😂😂
Can any of y’all who are more familiar with anime and shows like it recommend child appropriate anime for me? I’m not all that familiar but my 7yr old daughter is OBSESSED! I’m perfectly fine with it, but everything I’ve heard is insane for a 7yr old!   What would you recommend for your younger children if you were in my position?
But just to let you know FYI I am not a YouTube or and or a troll or a hater but I’ll let you know I’m just a friend who is still in the biz being a fan of a woman’s work and you know good things and get dates so yeah that’s pretty much it so thank you very much guys
#9 trending baby
Only in naruto
This is incredible as a big number one fan of anime cartoons Disney video games comics
RDC world does not miss. 😂😂
RDC always bring it... love from Jamaica bros
Another way is when they stop and their heart starts beating
😂😂😂😂
🤣🤣the random person dying
He died in disgust thats sad
Man out here giving people cancer
you got a family fuck em huh yes. I have to win the fight.  TEARS
LMFAOAOAOOAOAOAPSPKSOSKOKBOSUOUIOPOIUS😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Rdcworld1
Rcworld1
How do you even test it on 17 whales
he had to win the fight
YES?
Should’ve pulled a Sakura and came up with an antidote on the spot smh
“hunter hunter
“You know that, huh?”    *”yes”*
Next is how poison or other ailments be in video games
Desmond is still the biggest menace to the planet
Please make a 1 hour long video about trashtalk before fight when the observee thinks its gettin down right now
So this villain just gonna poison the entire world huh ?
That noise and then the laugh after gets me every time 😂.   *shlinhg*    “Hn hn hn hn”
Lmao worst villain ever! 🤣🤣
This shit funny asf 🤣
Y E S
Protagonist: What did you to me? Villain: It's my poison Protagonist: How?!?!? Villain: I blinked at you..
Your ignorant  your just an ignorant villain lol love it
I justed watched black clover ep 15 and it is exactly like this lmao
They drew this out 2 much
That's selfish lol
Just drink milk Havent you learned anything from minecraft
You all do a great job lol
desmond played the fuck out this roll!! lmao
Legends say he lost that fight
This just made my birthday, man I tell you what.
Is anyone going to ask how the villain didn’t poison himself by all of that😭
This guy just wanted to end the pandemic
Hilarious
I love that grunt Leland makes 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
You guys need ya own anime
Meanwhile the karen driving away in the car - stupid sunlight call your manager
Trending. 🔥
Cough*akame cough*
Times poison to take effect after each dialogue. Des a skilled villan.
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yes....!
Reminds me how funny it was when Sasori was defeat by Sakura
Yall dont miss 😂😂😂😂
I'm sorry but that camera quality is A1 lol I feel like I'm about to poisoned cause I'm there through the phone
Snapping them nigga lite boy that boy say you were ignorant villain but you know that already
WARNING ⛔️:DO NOT OPEN RDCWORLD1 COMMENTS‼️ THERE IS A GUY NAMED JAGGERIST SPOILING THE ENDING TO AOT‼️  YOU HAVE BEEN WARNED‼️ PLEASE 👍 TO WARN OTHER FANS .... THANK YOU.
Those poor whales 😭
Akame ga kill be like
It's the villain laugh for me bruh😂
😂😂😂 “Rest In Peace”😂😂😂
Clowns have venom that when infected makes you grow large feet, a red nose, and an antiquated sense of humor.
9th trending 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
The realist villain and dumbest
I swear to god this is so accurate
Im wondering how he found 17 whales
😂
"thank you"
did you ad rage swap thumbnails??? Lmaoooooo
Killing people who had nothing to do with anything? Classic.
Bro I am crying a stream of tears holy fucking shit
Shout out to ma man Sasori
You guys are always hilarious
Yes
Plz do a when ppl ask for some snack video
You a ignorant villain😭
People who are allergic to the sun:😎
Sasori flashback:
Wtf they actually trending!
17 whales
0:11 cuando corro con los pies sudados
That was pretty funny hahaha
Lmao yooooo he said you just ignorant.....villains be funny as hell though
Poison: the weakest form of attack in any anime
“Why you got a sword?”
Desmond is trying so hard not to laugh this entire time, would have loved to see the bloopers lmao
"I will make more poison , get more powerful" 😂😂😂
this is SCP-001
Chrollo vs Zoldycks moment haha
U put the shit n the sun ☀️ lite 😁
Still laughing 😂😂😂😂
"Look at him" *Grunts in the distance and Dies*
Should've added a heartbeat effect 😂
When ur brother is a poison user in the play fight so u hurt urself to call in a tactical mom
Man this was a good laugh LOL
OMFG 🤣🤣🤣🤣
this nigga desmond finally beat mark😂
Bro I can’t breathe
Yeah they did that in Macbeth way before Anime.smh
This is the reason why villains has to use poison to this extreme because the main character stay walking away from shit like it’s nothing 😂
He was just the side character the MC would've won through willpower, friendship and plot armor
Poison nah more like MANGEKYOU SHARINGAN 😂
The dislikes are people who get poisoned
lol I’m ctfu
nah but fr characters who use poison in anime are bottom tier trash
"i had to be accurate" killed me lmao
😭🤣😭🤣 this is mad funny, keep up the funny and good work.
Nobody:  Desmond: YES
"there aint gon be no one left to fight" "ur right but ill still have my poison"
My 1st time watching this and I kinda predicted to myself that he would of said "why 17 whales"
Probably coulda get a hit in if he wasn’t talking so much🤦🏾‍♀️
People in the background: Poison doesn't affect me
Can’t wait for the sequel 😩
Baki too Lmao
"We both gotta live here" 😂😂😂💀
these short ass videos don’t even count like bruh💀
Copying The Legendary  CalebCity
Shinobu
True
“Why’d you put odorless poison in the air” “I put them in random spots across the planet” “That shit really weak, like ima be real with you ion like fighting people like that, why you got a sword if you just gone use poison”💀💀💀💀
“I would’ve never even had beef with you if I’d have known you’d take it this far” - this is a fact. This man would stop at no lengths. He was willing to sacrifice everything. 0 attachments. 100% unequivocally with out a shadow of a doubt most dangerous kind of person who exist.  -p.s. congratulations on winning the fight. You deserved it 👏🏾
Alternate title: If Sasori wasn’t such a simp
It’s all good he’ll be in the next episode like nothing happened
Fax, makes me think of demon slayer
Reminds me of how me and my brothers would fight, they make up random stuff 😭
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
the second he said 17 whales i laughed
😂😂😂😂
🤣
I’m wearing the same Huaraches you wearing currently😂😂
😂😂😂😂
First poison "Even a dozen whales can't survive"  *Continues to use more world ending poisons to kill a dying man*
I love you guys so much and I also that you are anime lovers like forget everything bad people say about you keep doing what you are doing and may God bless you pls do a video about Tokyo ghoul
Killua be like
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Y’all boys really can’t miss man 😂😭😭
Mark: "You put the poison in the sunlight!" Desmond: "Yes." Me: "He did wh-.....
😭😭😭😭
HA! That in fact is how Dey do be doin how they be
The family line took me out LOOOL !
Yall dont never miss😂😂😂
"You a villain for real" Lol
Nobody:  Desmond: *YES*
Can’t wait for this guy to make an anime with all his friends
Killed 17 whales and destroyed the whole world just to kill one man lmaooooo
Rest in peace
I’m trying to find this one manga where the mc has bone looking armor and a sword with a gem in it but I can’t find the name
Do yo know what you're talking about?  NO.......  had me
zaheer and korra:
Desmond the best villain 😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Akame has left the chat
Akame ga kill in a nutshell
I like how he says “yes..” and “yep” like all monotone and creepy lmao
NOW THIS IS THE STATEMENT WE NEED
3:28 this part took me out this shit 💀💀💀🤦🏾‍♂️
He needs to ask questions and not experiment the answer will come not kill whales
🔥🔥🔥
If you are into watching vlogs, pranks, makeup or skits please consider watching some of my videos, really would like some support on my new YouTube channel 🤍
🐐🐐🐐🐐🦙
Mark look like Bernie Mac
Desmond later went home to be alone and listen to his Bell Biv Devoe records.
Yea that’s my man sasori
"we both have to live here" lmaoooo
Always gotta be like that 👊🏾😭
Shinobu from demon slayer be like 😂🤣😂🤣😂😂
Guys never disappoint
who does the castings because desmond was pwrfect for this
🤣🤣🤣🤣 it’s in the sunlight!? Everybody gonna die 🤣🤣🤣
The best but worst villain ever. Who poisons the 🌞
Well im not going to die i dont go outside
How the Sakura vs Sasori fight should have ended
😂😂😂😂😂
finally some good anime where the villain won..Thank you
This turned real personal about the whales
XD
Lmfao
Jujitsu k reference lol
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing, You ignorant!"
2:47 scp 1
Mofos In Antarctica ain’t gon die they ain’t gon sunlight for like half the year 😳🤓
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂 the whales though 😭😭😭
I put it in the sun light hahahaha
“That’s selfish”....why was that so funny 💀
You got a family? So $&@? them huh? “I must win” 🤣🤣🤣
You guys should do a great anime crossover with godzilla and king kong since the new movie is coming out next week
E
I think uv stands for ultraviolet. There are 3 kind of lights visible lights, Infrared lights and ultraviolet.
Fd try
Why did this remind me of Black people taking forever to say good-bye at family reunions.
No homo but ya'll need some chapstick my dudes.
The poison sound, sounds like surround sound on my phone
Classic Desmond....Yes
You got a family? Fuck em huh?😭😭😭😭
Tell that Nigga holding the reflector to hold that shit like a man
Gave me calebcity vibes lol. I love it
its in the sunlight
Poison in UV rays
#5 on trending 👍👍
Des:I wanted to be accurate  Marc: You hoe’d the other 16 whales🤣🤣🤣🤣
All 8 episodes of Sakura & Chiho vs Sasori summed up in 4 and a half minutes.
Desmond is the best villain
Bruh yo ain't poisoned ur just high
Nerds who watch anime 🤝 Hood people who watch anime
" i have to win the fight..!" 😂🤣
Vethor crypto stocks!!!!! Buy now it's the next Bitcoin!!
This is why I don’t like anime or action movies or anything because they are so stupid and make me rage at the fact that its so obvious to identify some details. Also the problems presented are like wow you really did that. I prefer to not watch them.
this poison is potent enough to kill 1000 elephants
I would have never beefed with you knowing you was gon take it this far 😂😂😂😂
That poison sound effect is on point
captin kurosutchi
😭🤨😭😭😭😭😭😭
i put it in the sunlight
*You put the poison in the sun light?!* 😆😂💀 2:49
Caustic Mains in Apex Legends
Desmond got me crying
All that explanation time could've been used to take him out LMAOO
w0W
17 whales?
We gotta both live here bro.. 😆🥲
9700 comment
“I Have To Win The Fight”                               -the last man
These niggas run the tube
They will never just finish them off. "I don't need to kill you! You're already dead!" Then some supporting character runs over with the antidote.
17 whales 😭😭
Mark: so I’m just gon die  Desmond: Yes
ANYONE whats that special effect at 00:09 called
"You got a family ... Fuck em huh "
love the dub
He got the covid cure too.
What's the point you ain't going to have anyone else to fight?  ....yes.....but I'll have my poison.  Lol
The antidote gon be something like rain water
🤣🤣🤣😭
That joke is a mix drop
That’s selfish😒 You the realest villain
I have to win the fight
When he got scratched it remained of from Sasori from Naruto
Then the mc goes unconscious and the old dude that helps him saves him and dips
the only short videos i will watch
They stay have the antidote only for them
I have to win a fight
Nobody:  Desmond: Yes
I love villains in media with complex motivations like "I have to win the fight" and "I want to get stronger". Oh my gosh soooooo relatable  Awesome skit my dudes 👌
“You ignorant. You know that huh?” “Yes”
no one gonna mention their new camera, YouTube money be upping their production big time:))
Congrats on trending awsome vid btw
"I have to win the fight" 💀
This Video Was Funny Asf 🤣
The way he dies disapprovingly...  🤣🤣🤣
The 421 dislikes really think 17 whales died.
He should've got back up tho
Yes... Just yes
“The sunlight” 😂😂😂😂
Just a ignorant villain ctfu
Yes
All the poison users weak asl if you touch them instant death.............gotta get there first tho😂
Yes . . . . 🤣🤣🤣
Desmond: YES
Man said the UV rays
Say what you want about his methods, naivete, moral compass, poor planning, and sweet beard. He did still win.
Lol shout out to Sasori😭😭
"That's selfish" 🤣🤣🤣
THANK YOU 💀💀💀🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"rest in peeeace" LMFAOOOOOOOOOO
yet it isnt enough to kill one main character
Me: Wondering why someone is walking around carrying 3 types of poison
Plot twist he had a forth poison that he put in every atom of the universe 😵😈
AMP AND RDC TRENDING YESIRRRRRRRRRR
yo what would've topped it off is if you added the shake effect and made the video back and white for a second and add a single heartbeat sound.  if you added that it would've been too accurate
When is anime house 6?
Lol
except for them ugly asf socks this was a good video.
17 whales?? Fool, the tip of my blade is covered with posion strong enough to kill 5 Gokus!!!
“You hoed the other 16 whales”
"Aint no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant"
Yes.
That means its basically poison.
Yea u trippin tho😂😂
Caustic be like....
Lol this man going around poisoning sunlight air and swords and killing everyone
One day villain will suicide's with his poisons...
Anime villains be so outta pocket
"Yea I feel it, it's taking effect. Hmmmph" 😂
This is deep
Whenever y’all do a movie or show y’all gotta use this poison nigga😂💯
Yes
Idea:heroes that cause the most unnecessary collateral damage
The final poison was skin cancer, mans was strapped with spf 250
Selfish LOL
This jawn funny as shit! “ Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you just ignorant”
*Murders the entire planet* “...I have to win the fight”  My guy, you BETTER win the fight.
1.1M in less than 24 hours. W🙂
Rest in Peace 😂
fr I'll never understand villains who want to destroy everybody but themselves like who u gon talk to? what happens if you get attacked by a monster? ain't nobody gon b there, or what happens if u need to go to the doctor's? u killed them all, how u gon to order shit off amazon it's never gonna get delivered, you cant even use wifi or cellular data bc all the people who take care of that shit is dead and u know damn well u don't know nothing about no t-mobile and spectrum smh do better have a plan at least  save room for a whole support system of people skilled and qualified in different aspects of life so you can still travel and/or restart civilization etc idk (idk if that what u wanna do but I think u get what I'm saying)lol
mayuri from bleach
Masterpiece
See, this is Mark's fault for starting beef. Now the air and sun are gonna kill us all!
If you wanna watch anime then watch geno anime on Siri
Damn. Million views already. These boys clout to damn high.
Desmond Johnson greatest villain of all time 💪💪 Hollywood needs to hire him😂😂😂😂
https://youtu.be/rnlO2FPzwwQ
https://youtu.be/rnlO2FPzwwQ
https://youtu.be/rnlO2FPzwwQ
I know whos not going to heaven after what they did
They was he stands up and gets serious
Y’all’s quality is better every video!!!! Keep that up!
you put the boys in the sunlight?
Nah this minecraft my guy
It’s me. I’m anime
So this is a demon slayer reference?!
Why would you kill whales lol
Mom, those idiots with the swords are back at the park again.
gave me sasori vibes 😹
😆 lol well at least he knows
Lol poison until nigga I'm fr
Yes
Leland just falling took me out 😂🤣
3:30 took my soul😂😭😭😭
https://youtu.be/pfhGOGCIouo
😂😂😂😂
New Video Letssss goooooo!
This the one 😂
Kilua would’ve *BEAT DAT ASS*
And this, people, is why i dont watch anime. Not anymore.
“you got a family” “yes”  “f*** em huh” 🤣🤣💀💀
Imagine how that 18th whale felt watching his 17 friends die
He's worried about the poison meanwhile he's 17 whales away from death
What happened to the 18th whale? Is the sun poison just skin cancer?
Poison users always so ignorant Fr😂
you killed 17 whales?
What does he mean by he has been through worse when he was poisoned? Did something happen that we didn't know of?
He's Muslim
We got the effects right
"you ignorant. You know that huh?" ... "Yes."
And then the protagonist somehow gets revived
It would have been Hella funny if the car behind them crashed because the windows were down 🤣. Anyway, another banger lmao
“You ignorant” 😂😂😂
bruh this shit lilke trap cards in yugioh
You hoed the other 16 whales 😂🤣
Made me laugh so hard
lol Desmond has no chill lmfao
this poison is enough to kill 17 whales hahahahaha
YES
Bro this whole duel went left real fast like it went from straight action to straight like bro you wack bro you selfish as f***
This is fax.
there's no kill like over kill
This is how scp 001 happened
*you ignorant*
The evil villian laugh is perfect
Yet the protagonist still gon be able to just flex the villain like:  MC: “Growing up in my village we’d inject ourselves with toxins to develop immunity against poisonous animals. You’re poison has no effect on me at all!”  Villain: “WHAT!! IMPOSSIBLE” *dies*  Me and the supporting cast: So they made a villain this powerful and they using him in filler episodes? Ida just died, fuck that.”
"Do you know what you are talking about?"  "No, but it's basically poison and that's *all that matters"*
2:47 *“I put it in the sunlight”*  i’m sorry what?
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish but have eternal life." -John 3:16
It ain't no point in telling you nothing you just ignorant 🤣
*Shinobu kocho has entered the chat*
Broooo im really crying rn bro 😂😂😂this shit should not have been this funny
1.1 Mill in less than 24 hours Thats crazy
the re:zero theme just kicks in
In the *sunlight* now
"do you know what you talking about?" "no" ":/"
It’s hilarious how Desmonds logic is so bad that Mark just forgets he poisoned sometimes
I fw yall heavy 😂😂 yall niggas need chapstick tho
Akame ga kill be like
why 17 whales, just test it on the poor
“You hoed the other 16 Whales” “I have to win the fight” 😂😂😂
No one:  Half of the universe 6 arc:
You got a family?... Fuck them huh 😂
"You're right. But, I'll still have my poison."
the end should have been an old guy comming in there sayin : u won the school fighting tournament Congratulations
17 whales 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 im fucking screaming yall are crazy
This is the funniest shit ever bruh lmao
This is a true villain
hi rdcworld1 cant wait for anime house 6 ur my fav youtuber and u inspire me to become like u guys
😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
Desmond gotta have that Flawless villain record 😂😭😭
"Yes..." LMAO 17 whales
You know how they say “it’s gonna kill you,” then their like “WTF your not dead” 🗿
Quality over the last 5 years has gotten insane
Youre killing me man, these hare too good
The lighting and sound are finally there. They made it.
i love how Desmond looks like he is just barely holding back from laughing the whole time lol
😂😂😂😂
The fact he still can move after all that poison I quit .
Sounds like “middle earth shadow of war”
Rip whales 😔🙏
Yeah these dudes don’t miss
They have to died I have to win a fight😂😂😂he doin all this to win a fight😂😂😂
I hate poison villains, especially that villain king in "the gladiator" maximus movie
“17 Whales wait how do you know that”
This villain be killing 17 damn whales
"nyes" 💀
YOU JUS A IGNORANT VILLAIN 💀💀💀💀
I thought I had heard it all till Desmond said "I'll still have my poison". Like Duuuuuuuudeeeeeeeee!
"Yeah but that's the environment bro like, we both gotta live here" 🤣
2:42 mans brought out  SCP-001 to kill a single person lol
Why Dez always gonna be the bad guy 😹
Crying
The same thumbnail bruh
Rest in peace
XD can’t wait till RDCworld get 10 million subs if not more
it killed 17 whales  that's good cause im not a whale
Very funny. :)
POV u had a 69 ade
18th whale jus chillin
He had to win the fight.
😂😂😂
Marks lips chapped af and his beard not chilly connected 😂😂
Make anotha vid called: When your phone tells the wrong time
Them villains that use poison are weak tho😂😂😂
Desmond just gotta be a villain. And he so extra with it every time😂😂😂
I just know you had a fun childhood 😂
I have to win the fight!🤦🏾😂
This is probably one of my favourite anime skits.
Trap cards in Yu-gi-oh be like...
That last disappointing head shake tho
Y’all keep killin the videos 💪🏾💨💨💨 I’ll keep sharing em 👊🏾
I know life is hard but don’t give up! The truth is God loves you so much that he sent his begotten son Jesus Christ to die on the cross to pay the full price of our sins which is death/damnation.To be saved from dying in your iniquities/damnation you must call upon his name,confess Jesus is Lord,believe God raised him from the dead,and repent of your sins.God bless y'all!♥️💕
My man has been practicin’ his laugh @ 0:17 💯💯😆👊🏾
this is literally facts😂
I’ll make more poison took me out 😂😂😂
That anime “hmm” @ 0:07 gets me every time 🍿
My boys trending again🎉🎉
_Orochimaru & Sasori are typing_
what about that hood avatar???
Desmond gotta be the bad guy everytime cuz he got that evil chuckle on point😂
17 of those dislikes are from the whales
Why would you do that to the environment 😭😭
*yes*
This like that Punk Hazard nigga in One Piece lmao
😂😂😂
"I have to win the fight"
Had to win the fight
I’m weak
This new camera quality though
*”Yes.”*
The accuracy is impeccable
You won...but you trppin
Ngl i thought for the last one he would say "looks like my other other other poison took effect, this poison is in gravity".
🤣 poison in Bleach.
LMAO
*Y E S*
SAO
Missed opportunity to make a Bel Biv DeVoe reference
Thes guys are the goatss
Orochimaru
How did he even test the poison to kill 17 whales... 😂
“I have to win the fight” 😂😂😂
Fav line:that's selfish
Really good
Itachi be like
Desmond is acting as if he owes Darkseid 50000 planets.
Bro that’s like most of the characters in naruto with their kunais
Yall the truth
Yes..
Lol Mark does not know how to hold a sword
« iies ».
Why is this legit how it be tho
The dislikes are the people that got poison
17 whales
This is the funniest
I saw the rapture! Jesus Christ came back for his children and we were brought with him up into heaven! He split the skies and I saw many bright white spirits in Christ riding up with me and were saved! Have you accepted Christ before it’s too late? Please repent of your sins for a chance at eternal life!!!!
17 whales poison is overkill
" I put in the sunlight " got me dying man on god I can't stop laughing
This is by far the most outstanding 👏 performance without the whole crew yet it truly epitomizes a team win. Clearly you guys have been trying to elevate your skill sets. I gotta say. . .Almost tears  of pride. Your ability to bring this all together means alot. I feel like there were so many kids like us growing up with the love for anime or video games with a minority background, and you have created a show, a style that is our own.  And that.  ..IS REPRESENTING.  There are like 5 to 10 quotes in that one alone. I have no doubt the best is yet to come.  Warn me next time u set me up to laugh till I slide under my  desk!
👉🔔👍https://youtu.be/tRGorr9YmmQ
Nice camera
Fuck em huh? 😂
1M in just some hours congratulations guys
'You put the poison is the sunlight'... Yes
I had to win the fight you know...
💯 facts. The only thing that would of made this more accurate is if Caleb City used the natural oils on his skin to poison the water supply by taking a shower. Then Desmond put that water into a Super Soaker.
"I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT" BY ALL COST I SEE!!LOL!!!  Damn bruh!!
Love how desmond is always the villain he always look like he havin so much fun
Ignorance is....bliss?
melting people with AUG *warzone* https://youtu.be/71Wd0KBlddM
Those little passive segways made this the most hilarious RDCworld video to me.  "I have to win the fight."
Yall had me gone with this one 😭
"Do you know how any of this works?!" "no."
#CancelDismen
This is Mageallen vs Luffy in a few minutes
1m views in less than 24hr wow, amazing for work
17 whales 🐋 damn
17 whales lmao😂😂  imagine watchin anime bruh😂
Alternate title villains that will stop at nothing to kill the main character.
Caustic mains
And brought them out, and said, Sirs, what must I do to be saved? And they said, Believe on the Lord Jesus Christ, and thou shalt be saved, and thy house. Acts 16:30-31
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂how you guys come up with these amazing ideas 💡 it’s remarkable... you guys are legendary
i have to win the fight
LMFAO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Anime sucks
"ain't no point in telling you nothing. you just an ignorant villain." I lost it when I read that lol
“It means it’s basically poison” Nah, it’s basically cancer
Des nominated best villain on YT
😂
"That's selfish" r~i~p
HE HAS TO WIN THE FIGHT!
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yes.
When we finna get a hentai house 👁️👄👁️
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant.” 😭😭😭😭😭😭
These dudes are GOAT Status 😂😂😂
I so want him to just be like fuck this shit and pull out a gun and shoot the poision dude
Poor whales
Lmfaoooooo bruuhhhhhhhhhg
Frost using poison: *littul pointee thieng*
😭
He said you gotta family just f them huh 😂🤣😂
"Do you know what you talking about?" That No was confident af 😂😂
"there wont be anyone left to fight tho?" "your right but ill still have my poison..."
Yo where can I get y’all swords fr fr
“You just killed them for no reason”
Everyone: 17 whales broooooo  Me: idk if anyone mentioned this but my guy still survived.
17whales damn
Me who hasnt seen sunlight since i lock myself up my room be like:  i have no weaknesses
Desmond: YES.      im dyingggg lol
The https://youtu.be/5pQvM9ZY41k future
YALL SHOW LOVE TO MY CHANNEL 🖤💯
Anybody know where the Negruto video went?
Mark out here like Killua. Immune to all poisons 😂😂😂
Poison no jutsu finally defeats talk no jutsu!
I wish there was a random smart guy at the end that found the antidote and then he cured everybody and made the villans poison useless. That would just be the cherry on top lol.
Happy to see y’all get the respect a million views less than 24 hrs
Desmond really says #NoLivesMatter
3:00 “now that’s just lazy writing” literally
It's basically poisen....thats all live matters...(that's what I heard)
Every time they say the word poison take a shot.
Wooow. YOU are a villian
Not my people
bobby bih
Who else would love to have these guys on the Trash Taste Podcast ?
You tripping YESS You won tho but you trippin YESS You just ignorant aint no point telling you nothing YESS
Hey. Seriously don’t do anything bad, or negative, or harmful to Adrian, or any aspect of her life For the next 700,000,000,000 nanoseconds in a row starting right now. U can embarrass her a lil tiny bit occasionally.
Lol. In the sunlight 😛
i can't help but wonder.... .. in anime, villans always talk about ruining the world...     but what will they do after ruining the world? i mean, they live here, too, so why destroy it? are they gonna die along with us? or..? idk i was just wondering 🤷‍♀️
I have to win the fight!
We both gotta live here
Lmaooo you guys are the best hands down
No.
Yall need to make a video about Anime villains when they reflect on their actions
YO THIS SHIT WILD😭‼️
Anime house 6 pls
“Why’d you kill 16 whales?” “To test the extent of my abilities.”
I guess Purple Haze is an acception
Just a reminder to everyone reading this just know that God and Jesus loves you🙏Please get closer to god and spread the gospel to help souls✝ Have a blessed day🙏✝
"[chuckles] Looks like my poison has taken effect" Classic 😂😂😂
18 whales would have been pushing it 🤔
Yes.
A Necessary Sacrifice 😂😂😂
17 whales
Bro this is thee funniest one I have seen! This is about my 7th time watching it!
Shinobu be like 🦋✨🗡🧪
Ain't no point of telling you nuthin'.  You just ignorant huh? 🤣
It’s going to be a cliché when Desmond is always going to be portrayed as the bad guy
We just gonna ignore that this dude has 3 sets of poison💀
"You hoed the 16 other whales."   Mark
YouTube didn’t even notify me of this video 🤦‍♂️
Bruh kept the same smile 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This some shit kim jong un would do.....poison sunlight
should’ve said that the sacrifices signed wavers
"No human is surviving more than one whale." LMFAO
One doesn’t experience self-transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates⭕️
So many questions which can't be answered
Not 17 whales
I mean, he had to win the fight.
Rest now Rdc, The guy in the black sedan would be the next protagonist.
😂😂😂😂😂 I have to win the fight
#5 on trending
I feel like the 17 whales is a reference to Hunter X Hunter, particularly the poison in the Benz knife Chrollo was using against Zeno and Silva Zoldyck. Silva got a very minor scratch from the knife and had to tie his wound with his hair to prevent the poison from spreading to his body, while giving a throwaway line about how the poison can take out a whale.  The poisoning the air part also kinda reminds me of Morel vs Leol.
R.I.P to that man 👨
Nobody: Villains: I have to win the fight
You put the poison in the sunlight!?
🤣😂😂
I wanted to be acurate
Yes.
Hahahahaha GGGOOOOOOLLLLLLDDDDDDD!!!!
HAHAHA
to the 370 people who disliked the video so far. Fuxk you
'Why though' 😂😂😂😂
I don’t care they have to be talking about kurosuchi mayuri from bleach his poisons were to op
Yes lol
“ I mean I still feel pretty good🤣”
The sun is a deadly laser
*All fun and games til the main character starts coughing*
Me after not eating all day feeling light headed  this video trigger my inner anime autism
“You put it in the sunlight??”
4:08 is the guy walking the dog immune to the sun poison?
One of these niggas has a script...and the one doesn't
😂😂🔥
Lmao dry ass lips when the poison kicked in 😂🤣
That’s selfish
😂😂😂😂 every video
Sword fights IRL are quick AF. Swing, clash, parry, kill-strike. Or sometimes just swing-kill-strike. Anime are not hyper-realistic, realistic, or realific. Oh well. Check me out though. I seen Samurai X: Trust & Betrayal. Remember that scene where Kenshin cuts the log, but it breaks later? That shit was vicious. In my fake dimension, the Arneth Omniverse, people who've mastered Omniscient Arts or Omnipotent Arts can do that delayed sever. Cool right? Ttyl fam. Stay up. I'm talking to the dark skinned'd one.
I was thinking of Chrollo vs Silva at the start and he ends up saying the poison would kill a whale just like that fight
Usually after poison, anime character remembers about his family of friends, and stand up starting to fight, and wins!🤣
I absolutely loved this yall have gained a subscriber
I’m fucking crying 😭😭
Poison: takes over 70% of the mc's body and he/she is unable to talk or move     Plot Armor: *Allow me to introduce myself*
I miss spell lol
THE VILLAIN WON LETS GOOOO
That’s selfish 😂💀
They way he was smiling not trynna laugh
Mayuri
This all boils down to: "Bioterrorism to beat one nigga?" "Did I stutter?"
“You gotta family...” “Yes”  “fuck em huh” 😂
:]
Wow man
Chilling with friends RDC: ripp Did someone say say something
I swear Desmond is always the antagonist 😂
"I amplified the uv rays" haaaaahaha
Mark: I don't think you know what you talking about honestly. Do you know what you talking about? Desmond: No, but it's basically poison is all that matters.
"You hoed other 16 wales" this line delivery had me dead
my question is what happened to whale 18?
Like bro all that for one dude innocent people died for no reason,17 Whales bro he doing too much. yo good shit lmao
5th on trending wow
The Hero: Why??!! The villain: Y E S
Nobody:  Desmond doing anything : I have to win the fight
Mark: " you gotta family" ? Desmond: " yes " Mark: " just fuck em huh 🤷🏾‍♂️ " that nigga is worse than thanos, atleast thanos wanted to help the enviornment or some shit 💀💀
"Just I want to be accurate...it was a necessary sacrifice"💀
I would of never had beef with you if I knew you would take it this far 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Desmond will always be a top tier villain lol no matter the role
Somebody say poison ?    *Luffy enters the chat*
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wow shit. Good job 😂😂🔥
😂
Ni
😂😂😂 ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you’re a ignorant villain...but you know that huh ...😃😃yes
*Vegeta Vs Frost*
Man I was cryin 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Well I ate the poison-poison fruit
Yes now we must wait another month for another video jpjp
But Why? we both got to live here though 😂😂
Sasori be like 😐
"I have to win the fight!"🤣🤣
I get so hype whenever Rdcworld1 uploads a video
Rest In Peace
AKAME GA KILL
How he got a poison stronger then what kills 17 whales?? That's what I wanna know.
Shinobu
Congratulations on 5th on trending
“Odorless poison”
“I’ll still have my poison “ 🤣🤣🤣🤣
😂😂😂 love y’all
“yes.”
The lighting in this is so good. Reflectors doing their thing
I hate how cameras aren't allowed to see black people cause then we have to use lighting tricks that I can clearly see but at the same time they look nice but are too noticeable, I don't know it throws me off
Desmond is the best villan. He turned Vitamin D into poison 😆. He really has made an pandemic with his poison.
Mark was too fresh to hit the ground lol
Yooo this is the best I have seen from desmond
THIS was sooo funnny!!!
nigga really hoed his whole family and the world just to kill one nigga😂
Y can't it be 69 whales lmfao!
Hero: you are ignorant villain  Villain : *YES*
Fire vid bro🔥 Keep up the good work
This is Art
🤣🤣🤣😭🔥💀
Sasori be like:
CONTINUE KIDS NEXT DOOR BRUV, U LEFT US AT A CLIFF HANGER
Mayuri from bleach in a nutshell
Y’all don’t miss 🔥🔥🔥
“ain’t no point of telling you nothing,you ignorant ,you know that huh” “yes” 😭😭😭😭😭
Ain’t no point in tellin you nothin you ignorant
IM CRYINF AHAHAHAHA YOU JUST AN IGNORANT VILLAIN HUH... “yea”
Desmond is beyond evil 17 whales 😂
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT!  The real winner of this fight is the poison
so tru lol
When Leland dropped, I instantly busted out laughing🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭😭😭💀💀💀💀
This poison has the power to destroy a universe.
Everybody in the comments ready to beat his ass for killing the environment : “Fight back nigga,Fight Back!!!”
Askin Nakk Le Vaar be like
I wish celeb city videos was AS LONG as this it will be so cool
Lmfao 🤣 this to much lol yes he has the antidote. Lol you got family? Fuck em right lol. Yes he went that far
For some reason... anytime he fall inna video I check fa grass stains🗿🤷🏾‍♂️
Nobody :.... Desmond : yessssssss........ Poison
😩😂😂😭🐋🐳🐋🐳🐋🐳🐋🐳🐋🐳🐋🐳🐋🐳🐋🐳🐋🐳☠️
Homie said “Fuck my family”
Super accurate 👍🏻
*_poison damage_*
🤣😂🤣😂🤣  BEST CHANNEL EVERRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!
It's a necessary sacrifice 😂
Hahahahaa some scenes he couldnt control his laugh
3:37 is the exact moment ⏱ he realized he ain’t give a fuck about anything 🤣🤣🤣, other than creating more poison!!! ☠️ 🚬🛢🐍🦂🕷
Why didn't Sakura stab Sasuke with a poisoned kunai (one that would make him immobile)  and then give him the antidote once his brought back to the leaf?...Instead of crying and getting in the way like she always does
"You hoed those other 16 whales, tho" lmaooo
thats the type of kid in our childhood that would always change the rules during the game so he wouldnt lose or die. no point in playin with them.
now i’m in the mode to watch anime 😂😂
That’s selfish
sasori
Could’ve gotten a dart frog. Some how the poison can kill elephants. Some how.
This villain worse than Kira
new lens?
“Rest in peace” haha
LMAO😭 and they always say stay still to make the poison spread slower but the main character never listens and runs around and that 😂
Plot twist: The protagonist is just mildly allergic to grass
1v1 fight  *spectators everywhere around the world die*
This was the much needed!! I love yall videos!!  dude last words was ...smh
Wouldn't the darkest person be the most resistant to the UV light "poison?" 🤔
Every victims reaction: "Arggh what have you done to me?"
wow that's selfish
Here’s the anime show he’s pretending to do https://youtu.be/J2PsuhmqozY
He haves to win The fight
Do y’all like the video before you even watch it or is that just me 😂
Pretty sure dat nigga Desmond is actually evil lowkey 🤣🤣🤣
NARUTO in a nutshell 😂😂
3:17 not everyone. Only half the population. A small price to pay for salvation.
😂😂😂
Mark: You got a family  Desmond: YES  Mark: fuck them then huh
"Yes they need to die, I have to win this fight!"
Mark: “You have a family” Desmond: “Yes they had to die” 🤣🤣💀that’s really some anime villain shit not even they own fam safe if it mean he’ll win the fight
Well fuck my life then... Just kill the whole world for a fight huh? 😂🤣🤣🤣
It was the work of an enemy Stand!
That wale monologue was 2 jokes, love from uk bro
🤣🤣😭😭😭😭☠️☠️☠️😭😭😭🤣
I love the creativity!  Keep it coming fellas, 2 thumbs up!
is it just me or dez kinda looks different in this video
"I-I had to win the fight, so it's a sacrifice that I need..."
Desmond a menace to the galaxy 😂😂😂
“You put poison in the sunlight” 🤣🤣
So was the 18 whale like “fuck we safe”
These new camera angles, the chemistry and dialogue in this one are fire
Yo!!! They in 4k now. This joint extra crisp on my phone today
shinobu kocho in a nutshell
Really love the come up from 8 years ago till now 1m before the 24 hour mark “ that’s so gangsta” in my Riley voice ❤️💯💯🙌🏾
*crippled* "Why you put odorless poison in the air?" *perfectly fine* "That shit really weak" why this had me trippin how he recovered to basically call him a bitch
WHY DOES LELAND ALWAYS DIE lol. That man needs to live
LMAO OFF CAMERA "YOU PUT POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT!?"  XD
“I don’t like fighting ppl like you”😂😂 shit killed me
One million 😎
How??? EVERYONE IN THE SUNLIGHT IS GONNA DIE😭😭Whyyyy
_Poison...be shaped by it...be molded by it...wait...WHY ARE STILL ALIVE DAWG!?!?_
Ain't no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant 😂😂
He said ain’t no point of telling you nothing you ignorant 😂😂😂😂😂😂
4:09 I think that guy and his dog has the antidote
LOL
John 3:16-17 16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17. For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23. For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen
Leland dying randomly had me rotf (maybe it was the drugs)
Gonna start saying “I have to win the fight” anytime I do something unnecessarily petty
WOCKYYYYYYY SLUUUUUUUSSSSSSHHHHH
When u try to get off the toilet but the shii keeps coming
This is how I imagine environmentalists be like
999k
Desmond: *Yes.*
He hates whale very much
The funniest shit I seen today. Almost spit my lunch out 😂😂😂😂
😂
It’s actually the MCs fault, if he died earlier no one else has to die because that poison dude only wanted to kill him
"Yeah, but I mean, that's the environment, bro. Like, ya know what I'm sayin'? We gotta BOTH live here..."   I. was. dead.
Mark started talking like Doc Rivers at the end 😂😂😂😂
Is usually a tranformation moment that saves the mc
Aye how do y’all chose who plays which role???
LoL!  Mark:You know you’re ignorant. Desmond: Yes! Me: Dead!!! Lol!!
I mean at least he knows what he is.
That’s selfish 😂😂😂
For someone that got poison in his body and was about to die he was having a full on calm conversation with the villlan and wasn’t even yelling
So was he killed by the first poison?, if not then it took 2 other kinds of poison to kill this man.
It’s got to the point where RDC posts a video and it trends within the next 24 hours. It’s safe to call these niggas influencers already, right?
“I poisoned the sunlight.” And that’s how SCP-001 was made.
WE DID IT BOYS, #6 on trending
“But it’s the environment bro, we both gotta live here”💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
The gray sweats 😭😭
Bro I’m dead😭 “so I’m just gone die huh?”
They always be like “impossible” 😂😂
“You killed 17 Whales”?💀
"I had to win the fight".
sasori type beat
I swear these guys never miss! I'm always so curious when I poison user says something along the lines of "this poison is powerful enough to kill 23 elephants" like bro how did you get that number?!? 😂😂😂💀💀💀
When he said "whales", I thought he said "wells".
I have to win the fight
yeah the fighting spirit of battling through poison
Des just getting mark back for hoeing him at the knockout game.
💀
Odorless poison its in the air aka Corona
"That shit really weak" had me thinking imagine bardock saying that to frieza when he sent an army outside to fight him and then instead of jumping in he desides to blow up the planet
#6 on trending bois!!!
Yes but I'll still have my poison
The cars in the background.... They done for when they step out.
“Yes”         - Da Villain
This is literally the last fight in the demon slayer manga
@3:29 😆 I HAVE to win the fight!
Luffy solos poison tho
“Do you even know what you’re talking about”  “NO”  I wheezed 😭💀
That random ass “RIP” tho 😂😂😂
0:18 they never miss! 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Lmaooo so you just gone kill everybody huh?
Y E S
The villain, after the fight: Yes, now no one can stand against m- *Trips over a rock and causes some glass in his pocket to break* The villain: Noo! no my poison for if I was to ever get talk-no-justu. It's a poison not even I have a cure for... maybe I did plan too much into this.  *Drops dead*
This had me dying 🤣🤣🤣
Imagine going out for a walk and then u see 2 random dude's swinging katanas
His most powerful poison literally took 4 minutes 30 seconds to take effect lol
The way he died 😂
this just hamlet and laertes
Random guy dies instantly to the poison while the anime protagonist takes 3 doses of poison
Yes...
Poison everywhere
I finished the “punk hazard” ark In one piece  and all this reminds me of is Caesar’s annoying ass laugh. Love your videos.
Iran's alliance with  powerful and glorious china is the best option to defeat the US political, military and economic doctrine against Iran and the resistance front.
Much better acting then these prank videos we see all the time 💯 keep it up dawgs
6 ويلز
That mans is horrible for the environment lol
WHERE IS THE NEXT HOOD AVATAR!!!!!!!!!?????
You put the poison in the sunlight lmao
17 WHALES LOL
😂😂😂😂
Image killing of the entire population 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Can y’all do a video on how anime people forgot who they are but always remember some random skill that helps the plot ? (Just an idea 🤷🏾‍♂️)
"Aint no point in telling you... You ignorant" lmfao!!!!
All this poison for 1 fight 🤣
https://youtu.be/4tVTb8zJtEc My dear big family Much love. Thanku for subscribing and hitting the like icon for EKAMVIR. Heart felt gratitude🙏🏻 for sharing his videos. # Here is another interesting episode of LEGO COGO Build up#kindly show ur love and support by sharing more and more.  1like =1big smile on Ekamvir's face.
Sasori and Orochimaru be like
Akame's sword flashbacks
This is basically the fight against Muzan
this reminds me of the Nano Machine manga lmaooo, the poison demon clan n dem man
“I put the poison in the sunlight.” 😂
Hey Rdcworld1, Can you put Pucca in your old cartoons versus series.
The video quality is getting better and better! been a fance since 2k15 all love <33333
Invest in Blockbuster stock, BB liquidations
Poison too op.
Leland died instantly but this man mark just talking
The way Desmond calmly said “Thank You” 😂😂
Your thumbnail looks like yourrage made it
Damn bro stayed standing for a good minute against the most powerful poison
Yanagi reference??
Yes
Hilarious and awesome !
1 wHale was enough. XD
I just know Intheclutch ent going to react to this 😂
You ignorant got me dead 😭
do u know what u talking about
When that walking dude grunted and fell over...
yes
yall gotta be saying "at this rate...!" for real
LMFAOOO “You trippin doe, but you won”
“YES”
He down bad on that poison
No flame but someone tell desmons beard is fucked up
Amplified uv rays would just give you cancer. So idk if that really counts as poisen
Bruh this made me laugh so hard I got in trouble.
“Yes.” Best line used.
R we gonna ignore the crisp ass quality in this vid🔥🔥🔥🔥
Lol true
Better suit up with a plot armor next time
reminds me of playing with my siblings growing up and one of them always comes up with some ridiculous crazy ass power and/or move so no one can beat them (stab them with your sword (stick)) all of a sudden they immune to getting stabbed by weapons unless its links  master sword with the infinity stones in the hilt which you cant get bc they have all the infinity stones already! like bruh wtf! also: I'm that sibling 😂😂😂😂
person: ''you slandered someone's name and made them look like the scum of the earth in a twitter argument you were losing''  other person: ''i had to win the fight''
“I hAve tO wIN tHe FigHT”
you got a family yes fuck em huh😂😂😂
Grimm Reaper:  I see to many soul nowadays coming thru    Desmond San: *achoo* sneeze while  eating sandwiche ... it’s was all to win the fight
Yes...
This joint tuff lmao
2:08 Yooo he fell like an Oblivion  NPC  🤣🤣🤣🤣
I NEED BLACK AVENGERS
“Ain’t no point in telling you nun you ignorant” 🤣🤣
A whale is the environment?
"You got a family" "Yes" "Fuck em huh?" Mans killed his family because he wanted to win a fight
I thought he said "but I didn't even bring skin"
Who winning a fight?!  Desmond villain VS Calebcity villain 💀
If you dislike this video can you state why please I wanna know
" when you're middle school crush passes right by you in the hall's "  You: 2:09
"Why though? 1 would be enough."  Bitch you still standing ain't ya? Clearly 7 wasn't enough!
2:47 "i put it in sunlight" my nigga desmond doubting himself while saying that😂😂😂
And when he said why would you do that to the environment 😂😅
Foreel
“Why would u kill 17 whales 🐋 “ 😂😂
You guys make my favorite content on YouTube,always hilarious yet so accurate.
These guy's never miss 🔪💯
Let’s see how many subs I can get off of one comment
🎼🎶🎙"I CAN FEEL IT COMING IN THE AIR TONIGHT"🎶🎵🥁 DESMOND: YES
nobody talking about how fucking hilarious 2:08 is lmfaooooooo
1 million views in less than a day. Inspirational.
I put it in the uv rays 😂😂😂😂
You just a ignorant villian huh lol 🤣🤣
Desmond could barely get that sunlight line out 😂
that skit is kinda weak tbh
*y e s*
It means it’s basically poison
The worst part is they still end up losing somehow-
The way he said “17 whales?”😂😂
Where u guys bought those swords tho  wanna buy one too
Yeesssss
Lmfao dope one
Soooooooo true
One whale woulda been enough 😂💀💀💀
love both channels but ngl, this vid's CalebCity vibes were stronggggg
“You got family” “F them huh” Killed me😂
After that he remembered his family and friends...stood up and killed the villian
It be like 100 different stages of poison😂😂
Hahah so true 😂
You ignorant... You know that right.  *Yes*
I need the link for that headband
Bruh you just messing up the environment 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Ignorance is his final poison, the most powerful one
SENZU BEAN
16 wales Rip//// Wales
You hoed 16 whales 😂
It’s crazy how Rodney Hood be in y’all skits
Bruh this is shinobu in a nutshell
Idc Desmond ain’t weak that’s smart asf lmao
3:05 that strong and confident ass “No” had me weak
😂😭😭AT WHAT COST
Put the poison in the sun
“You are a villian “ “thank you
Ongoing poison till 60 episode later
Yo if RDC and @dogceo did a collab for anime house 6 ???!!?!?!!?!?!?!?!!?!!?!?!!? can somebody please help make this happen??
Hello, new subscriber here. Can't stop laughing at your videos 🤣
😎..Thank You for 'Exposing' "The Anime Mindset" for.what IT is..🙏.💖💚💞 God Bless Y'all Youths...("aint No room for The Hopeless Sinner..who would Hurt. All-Mankind..just to Save his Own"..People Get Ready,.✌..V.is for Victory Not Bunnies..njn.jvn)
Ain't no point in telling u nothing u just an ignorant villain☠️😂☠️😂
Desmond is funny af
This Channel just gets better and better. 😂😂😂
Desmond is op as a villain😹
Sasori bro
Rip Leland
I had to b accurate 😂😂
Definitely the funniest video I've seen in awhile 💀
Ever notice in anime when they use things like paralysis/sleep poisons instead of ones that should kill you during the middle of a fight?
Bruh did he just make a joke about COVID 😂😂
Damn good. Found this in my feed. Ha ! Well done gentleman. Laughed my old ass off!
He says that everyone gon die, and then I see a car go by🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"I would've never even had beef with you if I knew you'd go this far" the protagonist mentality we needed all along
2:09 "condolences to his family they gone have to miss him" lmfao this shi* was 🔥 🔥 🔥
Snatched straight from DBZ super beerus n champas tournament of power And maybe other animes. . But it's hilarious. .I needed to edit to show I find it hilarious
i had to win the fight 😂
Desmond about to laugh the whole time 😂😂
They wount be any else person to fight.          Me be like: I just saw a car in the back ground fight him
😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 you just a ignorant villain lmfao!!
Felt bad for the whales but not his family. This is America. When Mark said that shit really weak I lost it
😂😂
U killed 17 whales ? Why lol 😂
Desmond gonna destroy the Earth faster than the police
Guys he had to win the fight, it's a perfectly reasonable thing to poison everyone on planet earth
"I put the poison in the sunlight" had me dying.
“So your family, fuck em huh?” Lmao  “I have to win the fight” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
My boy survived 17 whales.
Oh he evil EVIL!!!! LMAO🤣🤣🤣😭😂😂
“I had to be accurate, you know”   “You just hoed the other 16 whales!” Lmao 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dude killed 17 whales; someone call PETA. He did mess up the environment
you forgot the im immune to 125 different types of poison
Greenpeace been watching 👀👀
4:09 is that a tesla? Or human with anti poisonous sunlight?
“You put the poison in the sunlight?!” That line killed me lmaoo
damn it's so fucking true
😂
Ignorant villain🤣🤣
Is it me or Rdc videos getting less funny
“You put the poison in the sunlight⁉️”
4:16 talking to any politician ever.
Nobody: Akame Ga Kill:
This the most HD shit ever
“U got a family fuckem huh”😂😂😂😂
Yes!
Desmond really can act. The way he saying yes had me weak
yeeeeee poison urveh ting my brotha...     he know duh wae.. *tongue click*
LMAO he was "..the realest villain" fr.
How the fck is he okay.
The way Leland fell dawg 💀💀😂🤣
I have to win the fight...
“You ignorant” 🤣🤣
LMAO IM DEAD!!!
i swear villains that use poison are trash
"You just an ignorant villain huh?!" "Yes!" 😂😂😂😂😂
Mans out here fighting for the whales
The Dreamville T some heat🔥
This feel like a shot to Akame 😂
niggas doing everything except for dropping the last hoodbender
“Why would u do that to the environment”😭😭😭💀💀💀
This is the most calm I've seen Desmond maybe ever.
Characters that use poison are so annoying
Desmond was made for this role ... And Mark was made to talk shit #masterpiece
Hero:uses talk no justu / missed,blocked doesn’t affect
Why Desmond always the villain 😂
am i the only one who looks at the vehicle going in the background and thinking maybe they also have the antidote
I noticed that the villain didn't specify how much poison he introduced into hero's body, so the fact that he said that the poison could kill 17 whales is absurd. I mean, if he would have said that one drop of the poison could kill 17 different whales, it would have made sense. But no, he didn't, so... the whole thing is wrong. But hey, that's the only thing that I think is missing, apart from that, it is a damn good video.
Desmond is Naraku level at this point with these poisons.  Only Lord Sesshomaru could stop him now. Actually Lady Kikyo and Lord Inuyasha would also stop him.
"I had to win the fight" lol
Thought it was a your rage video
I’m was crying 😭🤣😂🤣😂
2:08 *ya-uh X-X*
😂😂😂
Literally one of the funniest videos I’ve seen from you guys! 🔥🔥
The UV rays?!!! 😂😂😂
How are anime immune systems even that strong 17 whales and both of them were still standing
😂😂😂
Lmfaooooooooooooooo Rest In Peace! 😂😂😂
“Yes”
Damn this a real villain
There are actual people that selfish though. Who only think about themselves and say fuck everyone else, even their own families.
I was expecting to Desmond to say that Mark has cancer for the amplified uv rays 😂
The death sound effects lmaoooo
Ur quarreling😂😂😂😂😂 in danger lol😂😂 super human u know😂😂😂😂
bruh this had me rolling!!!!!
hahahahahahah
"You hoed the other 16 whales? Why would you do that to the environment" 💀😂😂
“I wanted to be accurate you know”
This is just a climate change awareness skit
You hoed the other 16 whales like why would you do that to the environment?
ʸᵉˢ
Dude is about the POISON LIFE
Bruh, this the only channel I hit the like button on before I even watch the damn video
y e s
"I amplified the sun's UV rays, it's my most powerful poison." Bruh you're giving the entire human species cancer. You don't have the antidote for that lol.
“U hoed the other 16 wheals”
Def the Sasori and konkuro fight💀
HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAAHAHA
Were y'all using a mirror for some of the lighting or is that a bright azz light that keeps passing over y'all faces?
the way desmond so proud when he said "i put it in the sunlight"
4:25 "my disappointment is immeasurable and my life is ruined"
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
how the end of demon slayer went with all the poison
This is better than anime
“17 whales” Desmond “yes” this is the funniest shit y’all dropped in awhile 🤣
"This poison is enough so that one drop will kill the entire ocean" *is still standing*
Everything is going according to Aizens plan
2:41 this nigga shittin himself i swear it i heard it
Damn moving up ⬆️ finally got Rodney hood in your video 👌🏻
Giorno vs Green Day
I'll still have my poison
"why would you do that to the environment" we love to see villains held accountable for global issues
17 🐳  But Why Tho 😮
Mr Jefferson voice intensifies you're ignorant
Cesar clown type beat
😂😂
Bruh he doesnt just give you poison, he gives you cancer
😂😂😂 lol that's funny
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
He said no with such confidence 😂
Talk no jutsu has no effect on Desmond
Bruh I’m dead 💀
a villain who can amplify the sun's ray? making the the heat stronger, more cancerous, and poison? Like, thats OP. even goku got poisoned in the show and he can punch a mountain away. Truly is the realist villain. :o
His backstory doesn’t even have a good reason he just uses poison
...I'm weeping from sure hilariousness...this is gold 😭
😂😂😂😂😂
Literally me using Poison Traps and Poison Skill on a PVP
My boy said he poisoned the sunlight
Damn this got me thinking how researchers know that eating puffer fish can kill like 50 people or some shit hella sus
people tht use poison as a weapon r kinda disappointing
I like villains that can realise that what there doing is bad like the environment part
The environment thooooo.... 😂😂😂😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Mark: Their is no point in tell you nothing. You ignorant, your an ignorant villain. You know that ehh???  Desmond: Yea!!!
Y'all need some CARMEX
“Like look...look at him” *Leland dies* “Aww”
this reminds me the poison used to kill muzan lmao
“Aint no point in telling you nothing 😭 you just a ignorant villain “😭 yo they to funny
Desmond is 💯the realest villain. I swear... he’s the true Aizen in real life. Lol
Leland😭😭😭😭😭😭
How much poison do you need?  -Yes.
Organic mercury is actually worse than this. A drop on skin, your mind is destroyed.
Lol
Dez is undefeated 🤣😂🤣😂but the Iron Jaw hood dude took the cake🤣😂🤣
“I have to win the fight” true antagonist
YeS
yes
You killed 17 whales? Why????
animal cruelty, rip whales
nice.
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you ignorant,  you just an ignorant villain” 😂😂
The moment he said he did something to *the sun* I could no longer hold in my laughter.
*That's not how poison works, but I guess he's the expert.*
No way that video felt like 10mins gg tho
Autistic villains be like
MC:You have a family?  Villian: Yes  MC:Fuck them huh  Villian:yes  MC: Awww wtf bruh  Itachi: First time??👀
0:11 owa owa
“You put the poison in the sunlight”?!!
SOME MORE DRAGON BALL VIDEOS
Counting whales or elephants as a measurement of poison strengths is the most anime thing ever.
That headband A1 AF Mark!
Poor Leland😂😂😂😂
absolutely no one:  Desmond: "i have to win the fight."
😂😂😂
*_It's basically poison and it's all that matters_* 😂😂😂😂
4:00 Mark:Yeah, you won, Me: but at what costs Mark: bu-, bu-, but whatchu gonna do now Me: he tried so hard not to say that didn't he.
Valorant Viper Mains be like:
Yes.
that means its basically poison
Meanwhile poison users in Dark Souls is 10x worse
South Park: "Noooo, that's Ignorant!"
the poison is in the dosage
"You got a family, don't you?"  "Yes.."  "Fuck'em, huh?"  "Yes."
17 whales. These people are ridiculawesome
how yall getting better with every video? this one goated
Letsssss goooo first sketch without a sponsor at the endd
My dude only only needed to poison 1 whale then multiply that that shit by 17
He has to win the fight.
Jojo Vibes
Moral of the story: HE HAS TO WIN THE FIGHT😂😂😂💀
0:17 that laugh...so relatable when u watch anime
It would've been fire if he said i poisoned your mamas womb
2:10 HE JUST PLOP AHAHAH IDK ITS REALLY FUNNY
🤣🤣🤣🤣
RDC
"You are selfish."🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Rdc killing it with timing just finished watching sasori fight. Scary accurate
these dudes just do not miss 😭
dude really hoed the entire planet for 1 fight
Wait in the anime house wheres meliodes
Wait how he standing in the sun!?!?!?
nah this might be yall's funniest video fr
This shit is mad funny 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Do you know what you talking bout?  No, but its basically poison and thats all that matters.... Lmao🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Hi daddy’s
That last shake of his head before he went down lmaooooooo
Desmond felt bad for the whales but not for the humans
When talk no jutsu is not effective...
that ending got real tho
People who use poison are the biggest bitches ever 😂😂
Bro rdc cxk and berlin one of the best african american youtubers
This shit got me 🤣😂🤣
These guys never miss
Sasori be like
These boys funny af
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The poison villian in baki:
“I need to cut ppl to poison them”😂🤣💀💀🤦🏾‍♂️I’m dead
"Do you know what you are talking about? - No!"
You forgot to say:  Your times up *then he dies*
Yuji: what poison
B
“That means it’s basically poison.”
"I had to win the fight."
Yes
So this how the off screen villain fights go 😂
This man Desmond straight ass face the whole video is killing me 😂😂
The logic behind the poison made such little sense that he stopped feeling the effects immediately
"u hoed 17 whales" lmaoooo
"Fuck you want me to do? I had to win the fight!"
Desmond is the best for these characters 😂😂👌🏻
Imagine seeing 2 black guys looking like that in a park🤣
This was a good birthday gift thank y'all
I keep saying it. Desmond is hilarious!
1:06 “why did you do dat to da environment” 😭😭😭😭😭😭
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Now I know what Aizen , Eren , and Madara felt like
ahaha brilliant ..a sacrifice that had to be made
Thats on some stain shit 💀
You just an ignorant villain... you know that huh?  Yes 😌
Desmond killed this performance so nonchalant
Desmond the GOAT 🐐 any time he plays the bad guy, tough guy, villain role 💯😂😂
Had me dying from start to finish bruh omg 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I love y'all
Anybody notice the car the passed behind em
You just hoed the other 16 😂🤧
I can't with these guys😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣I'M DEAD!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Yes
Akame cosplay pfft
The title to this video though...is that even English?
Thumbnail game on point😂
Wait he got poisoned 3 times and still got the strength to stretch this 😂
Here before 1 million 😁
Yes
Watched this shit like 10 times 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Dead ass!!!😅 So true lol😂 Even the crazy monologue 😆
You're gonna kill everyone, Have you no soul?   Des: I have my poison
Me watching naruto shippuden right ik how it goes
This is def becoming a meme
Bro when lee just fell out, dawg that had me rollin😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂
Anybody notice how desmond is always the bad guy
Sasori when he attacks a village 😂
Killua and Luffy the only characters to just be like "Yeah I'm immune to poison"
2:08 The way Leland just plopped
Why u got a sword if u just gonna use poison😂😂😂😂😂😂
Sasori sitting in the corner like 👀   Write that down
"You have a family?" "Yes" "Fuck em huh!" That took me out lmaooo
Yooooo these dudes so dayum funny🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Desmond is always the antagonist on god 😂
Hunter x hunter,naruto,bleach,one piece all these shonens have characters with the poisons shenanigans
You got a family?? 😂😂😂
1:27 -You're still gonna die, I can handle this  17 whales: -Am I joke to you?
I love their videos they are so good
"yes..." that shit got me dead.
"I don't like fighting people like that..." me in court every week
“You hoed the other 16 whales” 😂😂😂
You hoed the other 16 Whales! Haha
LMFAOOO "I Have To Win The Fight." "Yeah You Trippin Tho." 😂😂😂😭💀
Nobody:  Killua: “Poison doesn’t affect me”
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yes.
17
😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
We definitely kno the villain favourite song
Hes Definitely Got That Anime Laugh Down To A T
"Yeah I feel it, I feel it its taking effect its pretty strong... HMMRRAAAMMMMPPPHHH, yea... yeah you trippin tho"
OMGGGG
Hmmm kinda like this deadpan style they're going with on this one. "That's selfish. That's selfish." Whooo  dang that's pretty funny. "Yeah, you trippin though. You won." Yup I'm gone 💀🤣
I see y'all have that clean cam rockin' :D
Bro they love making Desmond the villain ONG
How tf did he survive that long?
17 whales 😭😭😭
"This poison is enough to kill 17 whales" What? 🤣🤣🤣
"Aint gonna be nobody left to fight"....random car drives by in the background. Lol
Do you know what you talking about? NO....... lmao
Another on point funny ass videos😂😂😂
Oblivion npcs be like 2:08
wow  true facts
Y kill so many??  I hAvE tO wIn ThE fIgHt
Shinobu be like fighting demons
Anime rule n5797:if protagonist get cut by a deadly poison that will kill a normal human in minute there will be a 20 minute dialogue about his back story and some how he won't die
*OoH- oh-.. rest in peace-* -RDCWorld
the poison effect is perfect
Can I just shout out my guy with the bounce board? He all over the place with this one.
@2:09 He dropped like if he were in Skyrim.😂
“could kill 17 whales..” 💀💀
Bro this reminds me of Batman Arkham origins when he fought copperhead 😂😂😂
Desmond is trying so hard not to break out laughing.
17 whales somebody call peta
Each yes made me laugh more 🤣🤣
*thumbnails be like*
Desmond: throws his mom down a flight of stairs Also Desmond: "I gotta win this fight"
lmaoo aint no point in tellin u nthin u an ignorant ass villian 😭
17 WHALES NOOOOOO😪😂
"Do you know what you're talking about" "No, but it's basically poison and that's all that matters"
No one:       Desmond BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM BOOM POISON IN YOUR ROOM
Oohhohh, he ain't have nothing to do with the fight 😂
i heard wha kinda build are u instead of wha he said nd was weak
Like bro that nigga really just poisoned the entire fucking environment like bro
Desmond just casually gives everybody skin cancer in order to win the fight
fr
Finally a true evil villain
That guy is pretty cool with all that smiling . Will they ever blast him away
AKAME/gaKILL
Des voice be soundin like dub itachi for 2.5
" U hoed the other 16 Wales " 😂😂😂
Moral of the story: He has to win the fight.
Welcome to a NPC of Desmond 🤣
Poison in the sunlight 😂😂😂
The real menace to society
Ain’t no point in telling you you ignorant. You just an ignorant villain 🤣🤣
Lmaooo "you got a family?" "yes" "fuck'em huh" 🤣🤣
Desmond gotta be the greatest villain on YouTube
Locked backstory: Desmond-sama began the Corona pandemic.
that what happen to heros when they don't make freinds and train hard to use it in flashbacks
Why was I not notified of this video? Youtube is slipping. Yall need to get an RDCworl1 App Mix your merch and all videos and links to your livestreams.
Fuck my family  Oh you a villain villain 😂😂😂
Why tho 😂 why hurt the environment?!
Hey i have that dreamville shirt
17 WHALES?!?! HE HAD GONE TO FARE!! I WON'T LET HIM GET AWAY WITH THIS!!!!!!!!
.
" Do you know what you're talking about?!" "No"
The anti whaling message in this video though🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
“You got a family?”  “Yes”  “So fuck em huh?” *Itachi enters the chat”
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣poison on the sunlight
I know he was hurt a little when he seen that grass stain on his joggers. RIP JOGGERS at least a good video was made in its honor
Naruto be like:
3:00 at least he’s honest
His sword must be duel -  it's dull nigga -  DULL.
Anime heroes really do be talking until the last breath though.
This wouldn’t be accurate if they didn’t just start having a full conversation like every anime battle does
I put the poison in sun light 😂
2:09 wow what the hell
Rip to the 17 whales 🐳, Desmond’s family and that citizen
It's ok guys *HE HAS TO WIN THE FIGHT*
Been watching these for years and this is lowkey one of the best laughiung sooo hard hhh
'why would you do that to the environment' 🤣🤣🤣
New Drinking Game:  Take a shot every time he says "poison."
This is so true and thats what makes it great. Drastic measures for unreasonable things
Yes
@sasori
Hilarious lol
This got to be one of the funniest videos they got🤣🤣🤣🤣
That was one of the funniest ones😂😂😂😂
"You ignorant." lmao
Bruh funny asf lol 😂
😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣
You just hoed the other 16 whales 😂
That's Selfish lmmfao
😂
You got a family Yes F**k em lol.
LETS GOOOOOO
0:09 *TSUKUYOMI*
Holy sh*t, I mean that's pretty much accurate
*yes*
I like how ma mans just folded
“You’re ignorant, you’re just ignorant” is the realest shit you could say before dying to some dumbass poison
He put the poison in the ☀️🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I mean the main reason why the villain went that far is cuz the main character wouldn't go down after taking a poison that can kill 17 whales in the first place.
This like fighting a final boss without knowing it's a final boss until you lose.
YES
love how there were ppl in the back ground driving
Ma man really has to win this fight
That poison user guy acting and laugh was epic lol
But then using the power of friendship the hero regains his strength and kills the poisoner, then throws his body into the sun spreading the antidote to everyone on earth.
I have to win the fight
That’s Selfish
Y'all ain't have to do Squad 11's Captain Mayuri like that😣😂
I’m crying 😭 😭 😭  rip the whales
17 whales wow...
"yeah but that's the environment though" lmao
damn I wish I could like and sub twice
Mark: “you got a family”  Des: “Yeah” Mark: “F**k em huh” 🤣🤣😂
Kurama from yu yu hakusho has entered the chat
this is so true
Will y’all be making video game house🎮 ???
Honestly though, arent we technically hurting the environment if we constantly killing animals to make food, clothes, rugs, hats and more? I mean its a such thing as snake skin suit lol
"You hoed 16 whales bruh" 🤣🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂😂😂😹😹😂😂😹
“You; you, are a villain.” 😆😆😆
I had to win the fight..
It’s basically poison
when leland went 'hmmm' i felt that
I was waiting for "Ey man fuck them whales!"
You put the poison in the sunlight  Yes! 🤣🤣
The sunlight is poison to me cuz inn a vampire D:
poisoned you like Bill Cosby!
This is the funniest thing i watched all day
this guy recreated the fight with kanoa and uppermoon 2
Samurais on sneakers
"You got a family?" "Yes" "Fuck em, huh?"
0:09 that is the funniest shit ever
"YOU PUT THE POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT!?!?!?!?!??!"  When you've got that much prep time, my man is like the Batman of the Poison clan.
The ugliest tip thankfully develop because twilight neurally pop astride a flowery burn. shallow, infamous pollution
This was a fucking good one son I’m DECEASED😂😂😂
did youtube seriously give me a 5 minute ad??
Wow, this one hits. rdc brought the heat this time. The villian was on point, extra dry humor. Keep it coming boys!
my guy said he killed 17 whales 💀😭
The funniest one yet 🤣🤣🤣
Thank you for always putting a smile on my face 🙏
I laughed the whole time Ctfu 🤣🤣🤣😂😂
i mean he's a villian, a bad guy, so everything he did make sense
The villain’s backstory would be some bullshit like “ my lucky pen ran out of ink in 5th grade and the teacher gave me a pencil instead”
*Mark trying to explain that he poisoned the world and everyone will die*  Desmond: We all die you either kill yourselves or get killed- what gone do?! What you gone do!!
Yourrage type thumbnail
Aww man too funny ,this just COMPLETELY woke me up for work today .🤣😂🤣
Desmond: just get poisoned and die for the sacrifice
Villain logic
😂😂😂
"I put it in the sunlight" Lmao
Mark:You ignorant   Desmond:Yes   😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Desmond smiling throughout the video is what kills me. He sees and feels nothing out of place. He needed to be the strongest no matter the cost😭😭
Every logical explanation makes me laugh to dead🤣
And the villain wins for a change
Yes
i have to win the fight
I wanted to be Accurate you Know 🤣🤣🤣💀
i sub for this ish. hope that bell works
What abt 18 whales
You the realest villai-                                     "Thank you"
Accuracy 100
YOU IGNORANT, YOU JUST AN IGNORANT VILLAIN.... YOU KNOW THAT HUH...  That killed me...
Desmond be like : *YES* *I* *HAVE* TO *WIN* *THIS* *FIGHT*
lol they stop fighting and started have conversation lol
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT
that's selfish
So he withstood the poison that killed 17 whales🤣🤣🤣
Seeing that thumbnail reminded me of naruto
Another funny ass video, not surprised tho😂💯💯
😂😂😂😂
That's selfish 😂😂
Yea in my case people who use poison is lame as fuck don’t want to be in a fair fight
I Got Freestyle Rap Beats 🔥
Bro said he out the poison in the sunlight. Get the F outta USA FOE THAT ONE LOL
The way they killed off Leland 😭😭
This is so true
But I still got a poison killed me HAHAHAHA
I see you with that Dreamville shirt 🔥🔥🔥
Well at least he has his poison to keep him company...
0:20 cringe meter 20% 1:50 i was already calling its airborne.
D E D
That's the bad guy why would he give a F about a bunch of whales?
I thought the last poison is in his bullsh*t talk.
If it’s to win the fight everything is fine
"I really feel like you dont know what you're talking about!"
He killed one whale, then multiplied the dosage by 17 ~
2:00 cries in Shinobu
*anything happens to the main character* The villain: *chuckles*
1:55 mark start talkin like a regular nigga after this 😹😹😹😹
Another Legendary Banger.
Fr poison be so lame in anime
hero:....but one whale was enough  Villain: well yeah I had to be sure lol.  Hero: you the realist villain  Villain: yes
Imma make more poison get more powerful🤣🤣🤣🤣
Lmao
Desmond Uchiha the 🐐
Overkill is underrated  compared to plot-armor
Nobody: Desmond: Yes.
I feel like at this point, they are playing red light, green light one two three lmao. The start to finish for this is hilarious 😆
:- If villains finished there plans before telling the mc
Right, there's always a guy who uses poison in Shonen anime lol.
F.A.N.G Players be like
4:09 as they say this type of poison a human walks behind them and a car drives by 🤣🤣🤣
Funny AF especially the end
I would of never had beef with you if I knew you’ll take it this far 😂😂😂😂
Why don’t they do a Basketball House series
Yooo when my nigga fell over a d said huuu I was rolling 😂😂😂😂
You killed 17 whales?  *yes*  Why tho? LMAO.
Before 1mil
desmond> aizen
They had to die.... I had to win the fight 😂😂
I don’t understand how y’all can dislike a video like this that took so much effort
I saw the thumbnail and thought this was a yourrage video 😂😂
"I have to win the fight"😂😂😂
Desmond used Enhanced Ignorance!   its Super effective!
Yoo I DIED at the part where Desmond was like, “I gotta win the fight” WHEN he talked about his family 😂😭
Is this a reference to that yellow scientist captain in Bleach?
2:48 - 3:00
Where's the Baki poison at
2:09 the way he folded😂😂😂😂
Villain wants to laugh so bad lmao
Take a shot everytime he mentioned poison
Lol lol lol 17 whales I wanted to be accurate!
"There ain't gonna be no one left to fight" "Yes but I will still have my poison" 💀💀💀💀 like what?
You Got A Family So Fuck'em
Satan: I'm a huge fan Desmond: Yes
Why do we need Jesus?   We are in a fallen world full of pain suffering, and wickedness, separated from God by sin. Then what must be done to restore fellowship with God? First we must be genuine about our own sins. Look at the 10 commandments and see how you stack up, it is a mirror showing us our sinful nature. God is perfectly holy and we have all broken his moral law and deserve his wrath and judgement.   The Gospel:   At the same time the Father is so rich in mercy and loves us so much that he sent his Son in the flesh 2000 years ago, who lived a sinless life on our behalf, was gruesomely tortured, nailed to the cross, and mocked by his own creation. He died a horrific death in place of US, and rose from the dead 3 days later proving he is the great I AM. He paid the fine for our death sentence on the cross thus satisfying the Father's justice and quenching his wrath, setting us free from sin and the Law. Once we realize our sinful nature,  we must repent for our sins, and put our full trust in the Lord and Savior Jesus Christ like you'd put faith in a parachute. Do this and you will be born again. All your sins will be washed away and He will give you the Holy Spirit, who will live in you. You'll have eternal life in a united heaven and earth, a new heart that loves righteousness, and relationship with God will be made right, not by our good works or observance of the law, but by his AMAZING GRACE and mercy. You will be a new creature in Christ, that is His promise. This is all a free gift from God.  Humble yourself and ask him to reveal himself to you. Think about this, if you have a Bible I invite you to read the book of John. Jesus is the lover of your soul, and He will never let you down. Peace.
Well done guys, this is funniest video I've ever seen in 2021 😂😂😂👌
impossible 🤣 yes. i have to win the fight
😅😅😅😅😅
this also has happened in demon slayer. Shinobu is incapable of decapitating them, so she uses poison
Poison anywhere? Like that you win liao lor😂
"At least I still have my poison"
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing you ignorant". Lol😂😂😂
Do anime character that use mental attack please. They never beat the mc
3:11 Desmond was rly like this “😎”😂😂😂
Sasori vs 2 Sword Users.
I love that his whole reasoning is "I had to win the fight" every time. Lmao
ok the last dialogues is pretty solid, i need to know what happen to the "villainest villain"
*Desmond: “...yes”*
This needs to go for an hour 🤣
Lmao lol this was funny AF 😂😂😂😭😭😭😭😭, I nearly chocked on my food
Villain: *farts quietly*  Hero: *smells* what is that?!  Villain: its an odorless poison....
Protagonist: i have a family Antagonist: fuck em Protagonist: *OK*  Everyone: 👁👄👁
Chillest Villain I've ever seen
Sasori, lol!!!
2:54 Well if thats true then he could have increased the power of the UV rays so the MC would get radiation poisoning.
Dang *the plot thickens*
Damn Des!! That acting waz CLEAN
“Aint no point in telling you nothin you ignorant “ lmfao bro im weak asf
Praise God 🙏🏾
🎵a new subbb .... impressed meee 🎵
It's like he has 10 set cards of poison
Met yall at the George R Brown convention center 1 year, just as funny then as you are now ! Qualitttty content
This video was so funny I watched the entire ad at the end of the video
Wheres hood avatar
he remind me kevin hart low key
🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😅😅😅😅
Lol wasn't poison in the air enough? 🤣
Aayyyy
reminds me of  Mayuri Kurotsuchi from bleach
Yeah this cracked me up
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
“I need it to cut people...so I can poison them”
Desmond need to just retire his hairline at this point.
*I put the poison in the sunlight.*  - Desmond, 2021
Trophies 🏆
This made me laugh too much😂
Leland man 😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂
Wussup
2:07 that huu had me 😂
YO
Yes.        Only for me.
Boy if this wasn't the gaia online FFA forum in a nutshell, I don't know what.
1:24 I thought  he was going to say that  with the power of friendship and love and  ecc... The poison will not kill me and I will defeated  you
Man didn’t even have a chance to have flashbacks and get a random power boost cause Desmond poisoned everyone’s memories too.
Desmond. Either a bully or evil or angry  And sounds like they saying wells not whales 🤣
Aint no point in tellin you nothing. You a ignorant villain
Another banger man 😭😂😂😂😂
aizen comes nowhere close to desmonds plans
I thought this video was gonna be a satire on how they usually make the ones who use poison snake like and a1 weirdos
Desmond ass 1637849939-0 as a villain
Goku vs Frost much
They don't call him Desmond Johnson of the Thundercloud for nothing.
Lmao
I have to win the fight
They be talking like finally poison is taking effect they could kill elephants in 1 sec type shit
The meme potential in this video is insane
Shinobu be like
You forgot the sudden stop and dark coloured effect when the poison acts
Using poison is for amateurs.
I laughed for 4 minutes straight
"Ain't no point of telling you nothing. You ignorant. You just a ignorant villain. You know that, huh? " 🤣😂😂
"There aint gone be no one left to fight" *yes but I'll still have my poison*
"he had nothing to do with the fight" 😂
Desmond shouldve been called purple haze
This was absolute gold, dudes. Desmond channeling some Joel Haver in that first character break discussion lol
Hero - With whom will you fight if nobody will left ? Villain - With my own poison to create a stronger one.
Yes
Desmond a good actor
I put poison in my voice
Smh Frost's cheating ass in Dragon Ball Super
I need ya to put respect on Desmond acting skills  Ps: nah he violated he said “amplified the uv rays so it’s poison”😭😭
I reveal to you... the poisonator
Is nobody going to talk about how they got 122k likes in less than 10 hours
You killed 17 whales? 😆😆😆😆
Plot twist imagine the villain in the end was poisoned and the MC would say he put poison in the galaxy xd
Lmfaoooo 😫😫😫
Mayuri in a nutshell xD
Desmond: we do a little trolling
I imagined him saying no I killed even more than 17... after the first whale I tried 2 then 3 then 4 and so on.  I ended up killing 153 whales.... 🐋
“And my next poison is enough to kill 246 dogs!”   “You didn’t...”  “A sacrifice I was willing to make”   “THEM DOGS DIDNT DO NUN MAN”
Yes...
The Dreamville shirt tho 🔥🔥🔥
I just need to make more poison 😂😂😂
one day that park gonna be made into a monument
W
Lmao 😂 😂🤣 I’m dying laughing these dudes tooooo funny nbs
They always lose too 😂😂
2:08  The death noise before he even collapsed got me.
I h-have to win the fight 😂😂😂 Best excuse
Man this whole video are literally Caustics who put traps on Jump Towers knowing damn well they’ll never see that jump tower ever again😂💀
dawg wtf🤣
But I had to win the fight.
Fighting sasori be like
Lmaooo this video is hilarious but the ignorance was triggering me😂😂mans just was like f it. Everyone dying and idc 😂 “you just ignorant huh” 💀💀
Lmao this was funny af but like also legit was well made
“You’re right but I’ll still have my poison!”
Them headbands cold asl though 🔥🔥🔥
Ah yes, the greatest poison of all. Melanoma
That NOISE @3:54 got me 💀💀💀🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
One of the most illogical villains ever. 😂
I need to cut people, so I can poison them 😂 bro that’s funny!
Rip dude in red
😭😭😭😭💯🌟✌️
Perfect LMAOOO
Hommie stopped falling to ask if he knew he was ignorant 😂
Desmond: i put the poison in the sunlight.  Me: HOW SWAY!!!
So so so funny
HOLY SHIT 😂😂
4:09 The guy in the back casually walking his dog
Ay man where's hood olympics 3 ???
Plot twist he doesn't die bc of plot armor
Nobody: Absolutely nobody: Desmond: YES
Wait the hero always wins but now the villain wins what the
Leland just falling randomly lol
That villain can easily be defeated with the power of friendship and flashbacks
He has to win the fight
Mark goes in for the kill.  Des uses Stonefish, Corona virus, and Radiation.  *It was very effective*  Evil Des: I have to win the fight. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Bruh, why does this sound like this was written by CalebCity. 😂😂😂 It's funny af.
Desmond be OPd af‼️🤣🤣
Desmond just has the face for it 10/10
The word “poison” is only said 16 times but it seems like much more.
"That means it's basically poison."
You put the poison in the sunlight !? 😂😂😂
Why they do Leland like that?🤣🤣🤣
Never thought i would laugh at someone saying rest in peace
Three head shakes before dying  That a true legend
The Best Part, was Watching Des About to Break character the whole time, and Fighting back Laughter, That had me Weak!!! LLOL
Lololol!!!!
Save the whales
Sasori & Cobra watching this video doing the Birdman hand rub
Damn all those whales
Lol
caesar one piece
Basically Rick Ross after spittin his verse on U.O.E.N.O
Hundo approves 😌
yes.
Llf I'm rolling 🤣🤣
Only reason he lost was because he was a side character
Mark And Desmond be funny af together that nigga Desmond a fool 😂😂😂
that one girl in demon slayer
You the realist villain
Lmfao. How did he put it in the sunlight
Nooo! Poor whales. They were swimming around innocently. 😮😢. The video is so funny though. 😁👍🙏💯
" I had to win the fight!" Is my answer to everything now 😂😂
Jesus this is pure comedy ahahahahahaha
Evil Desmond be having these flawless victories 😂😂
The accuracy 😂😂😂
Gg wp gf
Lmfao yoooo 😂😂😂😂
Bruh this is hilarious 😂 . Mmm mmm mm looks like my poison is taking affect. 😂😂
YEOO LMFAOOOOOOOOO
This was fire lol
The villain just wants to make and use poison is all.
Desmond really just topped thanos.....how tf 💀
Looks like my other other poison just hit all of you I put it in *Raid Shadow Legends* and their *New free DLC*
The conversation is hilarious!!
Your humor never fails to amaze me
My guy turned into maturity off of bleach
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
You can see Desmond almost broke his role   3:12
Instead of killing 1 whale with 1 dose and putting 17 doses on weapon, he killed 17 whales with 17 doses.  A real villain.
They had a logical conversation in the middle of a battle! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Bro I had to watch the video 23 times before I got bored 🤣🤣
4:16 🤣🤣🤣
Thanks for the environment message.
"No human is surviving more than one whale." LMFAOOOO
*IMPOSSIBLE!* EVERY anime character’s favorite line when they can’t comprehend what just happened to them 😂😂😂
17 whales lmao
Uuuumh!!!!  02:08 🤣🤣🤣
LoL 😂
ON POINTV
I just finished BAKI( don’t recommend ) and homie was running full force toward the ground off the poison.
“You ignorant” killed me! 😂
Its hilarious considering the seventeen whales poison didn't kill him immediately, or that he even had to use the whale poison or the odorless one when homie was likely under the sun all day.
This nigga just said 3 levels of Poison. Des face be funny whenever he delivers his . messages.  17 Whales had to be tested sealed the deal on this one y'all 😂🤣 Desmond had to test it on 17 because 17 sounds more dangerous and villainous, than poisoning only 1 Whale. Poor poor Mark.  He wasn't ready for the 3 levels of poison 😆
LOL THE SUN GONNA BURN THESE HUMANS
Menace to society sheesh🥵😭😭
Desmond so serious haha
2:09 when you're the random dude walking through the odorless posion clouds and die on some elder scrolls shit 😂😂
Mayuri?! Is that you? You changed.
He said wow you a villain 😂😂😂
The thumbnail had me laughing before I watched the video.
BRO YOU ARE NOT LYING!! THIS IS HOW THEM POISON VILLAINS BE!!
“You’re right but I’ll still have my poison!”
LMAO!!!! DAAAAMMMMMNNNNN 🤣🤣🤣👍
4:09 the guy with the dog has antidote
He had to win the fight though. It is what it is.🤷
Where is hood avatar 4 though 😞
My guy finna starve then drink the poison at the end of the 5th day
3:13 he was ready to laugh 🤣
I have to win the fight 😂😂🤲
This had me rolling 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Shit, there's poison in comment section too.
this shit got me dying
Hero : you got a family ? Villian : yes Hero : so its just fuck them huh ?  Everyone villian across the world : * suspiciously grins *
"Yes ..." LMAOOOO
“You just ignorant”😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😭😭
“It’s basically poison”
If the villain poisoned the sun doesn’t that mean he’s poisoned too 🤔
Desmon D.Johnson
😂😂
How bulot died in akame ga kill
Shoutouts the the boys Sasori and Hanzo. True villains that were poisonous to their friends and enemies
Bleach in a nutshell
I don’t know why poison is even tried in anime, it’ll kill 300 lions, but if anyone who matters is poisoned, they’ll walk it off
Desmond every time "I have to win the fight"
The amount of poisons this villain has in his arsenal 😂😭😂😭, “amplify the UV Rays” GTFOH!!! Lol
You're you're you're a villain      Thanks
😵
Haha you hoed the other 16 whales!? Haha
This is how fights works in Baki 2018
The graphics omg 🔥🔥👀
Kilua be like: it's ok, no poison can hurt me
Who noticed a car driving I thought everyone was dead 😂
2:50 the CalebCity energy is strong here
Seems like “Tragedy of the Commons” is the real poison here
1:10 2:16 3:35 I think he had to win the fight.
naw first thing they woulda said is " hm looks like its finally kicking in i see"
In every anime that involved fight there always going be a character who used poison as there weapon and it always some bullshit way
Hahah rip leelan weak ass
This was too funny
That long-ass death tho! 😩😩😂🤣🤣🤣
What about the environment lol
Yes
He's sword must be dool. Lol
yo Leland getting bodied at 2:08 has me rolling!!! XD XDD
“There will be no one left to fight” “Yes but I’ll still have my poison”  Oh you ignorant aka stupid
Why the poison user always gotta be evil tho? Lol I don’t think I ever seen a main character who uses poison 😂
Lmao
He amplified the UV rays, he gave you vitamin D-eath lmao
2:47 he was holding back his laugh 😂
A villian whose more powerful than Naruto's Talk no-jutsu
Legit thought he was gonna poison the sunlight just before he said it XD  you guys are great
Omg. Shameless ignorance strikes again.
I’m dead🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Y’all came different wit dis one😭😭😭😭😭😭‼️
His Poison Compartments > Kevin Hart Gun compartments #Iykyk
😂😋 17 whales! You killed 17 whales!
I always love the evil anime laugh
"Yes" 😀
Kurotsuchi captain in a nutshell
Desmond out here fighting dirty😂😂😂
"That shit really weak”😂
Denzel Curry
ㅤㅤ
Nobody   Absolutely no one  Villain: I have to win the fight
When i saw the thumbnail, i knew i had to watch this 😂
Desmond barber put in that work 4 sho
Bruh I was just watching frost do this in dragonball on piccolo😂😂
If the dude walking his dog would have fell it would have been amazing
3:01 Mark: I feel like you don't know what you're talking about Honestly. Do you know what you're talking about? Desmond: NO! ....... But its basically poison and thats all that matters. Mark: (Stare in silent disbelief) Desmond:( Smiles proudly in silence)   Lmaooooooooo
“That’s selfish”😂😂😂
Yes but ill still have my poison 😈
The funniest niggas on tube ..........
So many amazing clips from this video 🤣
Desmond just type cast as the villain now lol needs black Air Force permanently
Sasori be like..
That ending though  “you just an ignorant villain. you know that huh?” 😏”YES”
Evil Villain: Welp now that I killed the hero and everyone else on Earth I’ll catch up on my Netflix. Man I can’t wait to tell—oh wait 😣
LOL "fuck em huh?"
The Other Side Of The World Who Have Night Right Now, Take A Shelter or the Humanity be Extinct
"bra i kill people" "but dude what about the environment tho."
“Look at him” 😂😂😂😂😂😂
He gotta do how lebron was when he found out blake griffin joined the nets
When you're fighting The Fear in Metal Gear Solid 3:
Thank you.
Mark: "You ignorant  you just an ignorant villain  you know that huh?"  Des: *YES*
Anime villains abilities make zero sense when it comes to poison 🤣🤣🤣
Kim jong un: I can kill 100000 whales with my *Nuclear Bomb*
You don't have to kill seventeen whales to know that the poison can kill them. If you know the minimum amount of poison that can kill a person you can easily calculate how much poison could kill one whale.
“Yes” ~ Desmond The Villain Johnson
Little did he realise, the whale conversation was a distraction, giving the toxin time to spread throughout his body...!  Fun Fact: toxins found in ingested plants or animals are _poison._  Toxins used externally as a defense measure in plants or animals are _venom._  If they're chemically synthesized, they remain classified as "toxins."
Made my night it’s enough poison to kill 17 whale “tested” It’s a odorless poison  I put poison in the UV rays
nice
How did DES get poison in the sun😂😂😂
Cool poison character - coco from Toriko. Nigga deadass goated.    If you like one piece or dragonball you'll love Toriko. Your welcome. When toriko inevitably becomes your next favorite anime make sure yall tell me thanks on Instagram @thatfoobyron
"You got a family,  fuck em huh"😂😂😂😂
_"Yea...yeah u trippin tho..."_  Chillest last words
It's fake this sentence is missing : "Since you're going to die anyway i'm gomma explain you: you will die in three days"
Mayuri in a nutshell
Akame ga kill in a nutshell
Is it me or they the funniest ppl on youtube
Nobody:   Des: y e s
Bruh I didn't know what he'd do after basketball but dude funny af
Instant classic “1 whale is enough you just hoe’d 16 whales”
" ain't no point of telling you nothing. You ignorant, you just an ignorant villian you know that right?   Villian: *Yes*  Shit killed me 😂😂 must got hit with some poison
Madara ain’t got nun on this villain
“You put the Poison in the sunlight “💀😭😭😭broo
when day breaks SCP origin story
i have to win the fight...
4:12 He gon start fightin his own poison with poison ☠️
The thumbnail itself made me laugh 😭😭
Love the videos, you guys are my favorite YouTubers!!! Keep making us all happy guys
Random person sun tanning  Desmond: “so you have chosen death.”  Edit: Damn y’all thanks for the likes🙏🏾, rip to them 17 whales btw😔
LOL this is one of your best videos I love it keep it up! XD
This is really how anime villain logic is lol “your gonna poison everyone I’m the sunlight? Yes I have to win the fight”
My boy caleb city would’ve been perfect for the villain role😂
I mean, you gotta admire the dude's dedication.
Who disliked this!!!! This was gold
Wait 17 whales wait so does it spread didn’t know poison can spread
The dialogue is so on point!
"You just a ignorant villain. You know that, huh?" "....Yesss.."
“Yies”
Yes.
*Yes*
How is he not dead
You forgot the part where the hero got back up and magically had all of the poison negated through the power of friendship
Desmond: I won . . . but at what costs?
The cameraman is the strongest
Mark just about sick and tired of these villains bullshit powers and abilities 😭
Mark Is Hilarious😭 Thts Tha Environment🤣🤣🤣
Thought mark was in a genjutsu ngl
"You know what you talkin about?" That shit had me laughing
I'm glad Desmond getting the praise he deserves
Hunter x Hunter be like
YES 🤣
bro said he put poison in the sunlight LMAOOO 😭😭💀💀
*High - Larry - Us!!!!*  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
That laugh though 🤣🤣
At least he still has his poison.
this nigga poisoned the sun lmaoooooo
The sfx tho
0:40 shiiii they always be sayin the exact number too lmaooo
Lmao this got CalebCity vibes all over it🤣🤣🤣🤣
“I PUT IT IN SUNLIGHT”!😂🤣
Yes
Girl: desmond, i love you Desmond: i have to make poison
The way he gives him one last head shake before he dies, it's the little things lol
3:25 when you catch her flirting with other niggas but she spazz on you for “looking” at someone else
17 whales and somehow he forgot he poisoned 🙄
The thumbnail got me weak 😭
“You have a family?” “Yes” “Fuck’em huh?”  Lololol
😂😂😂
Y’all killed this Desmond hilarious
I feel like you you could replace the villain with Kaiba from Yugi-oh and replace “poison” with “playing cards” and this would still be funny.
Say this wasn’t lady tamayo and shinobu in demon slayer 😭
Watching this makes me wanna start watching anime
CALEB CITY AND RDC!!! issa good day y'all
Eren yeager be like fck them humans
*wassup bro*
Funny how the villian didn’t die to the odorless poison and the UV Ray poison
Fun fact: its fitting that the sun poison works only after the air poison. Global warming (the sun poison) is exponentially increased due to VOCs (Volatile organic compounds or aerosols from manmade sprays) we put into the air (the air poison). Makes sunlight “poison” because its harder to exit the atmosphere again when there’s chemicals blocking it.     You really didn’t ask but still...
I don't care what anyone says. I fucking love the guys.
He really has to win the fight 😭
Lol yeah aint no point in telling u nothin u ignorant 🤣 😂 💀
You can make every type of poison but amplifying UV rays is just sick, the villian needs some treatment
I feel like you really don't know what you talkin bout, honestly. 💀
😂😂😂😂😂😂
The bystandered dying had me laughing
Fuck em!? 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Mark: *gets poisoned* *have perfectly regular conversation about the environment * Mark: *gets poisoned again*
the interaction is  gold lmao great job rdc i fuckin love you all
Who gets poison 3 times tho?
The fact that he almost survived 2 more poisons after the first one that is strong enough to take down 17 whales! I'm dying! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Maybe if he talked alittle more heroic, he would've survived.
#freewilly
Peacekeepers in For honor.
This is really the most wasteful villain here man.
do it for the turtles
Nigga said I put poison in the sun light😂
“You got a family? Yes.  Fuck em huh” 😂😭
You should've had just pulled the Main Character card lmao
did you guys just watch Baki
Judge: “You brutally murdered an entire class of Kindergartners and mutalated  96 cows”.  Person: “I had to win the fight”.
This one was hilarious
You know this man probably poisoned the grass too making sure he brushed against it.
OMG that was funny AF oh shit that was funny stuff! The dude dying in the background from walking in a poison spot HAHAHAH That was really funny stuff XD
Did he win the fight though....  *YES*
We gotta both live here ... lol while trying to kill each other
Mark: you have a family?  Desmond: yes.  Mark: so fuck'em Huh?
Lmfao really killed a random dude for no reason.
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Sasori
Damn he just gave everyone cancer
that "rest in peace" tho. I died lmao
This is too funny. He said at the end you just ignorant huh an ignorant villian. And the guy said yeah pretty much but at least I still have my poison.LOL! The only guy who could beat one punch man.lol!
So when he says this poison can kill 17 whales, does that mean 1 dose can kill 17 whales at once or did he just use 17 doses on 17 whales.
But I’ll still have my poison 😂😂
**dies in disappointment**
I see Desmond’s villainy has taken a new angle 🤔
y e s
When a poison can kill "16 whales" how do they count how many whales -__- ? Do they dilute the poison  XD?
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing. You just ignorant. You just an ignorant villain. You know that right?"  Bruh lmao best final words ever 😂😂😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣👏🏽
2:09 💀 mans folded
Funny ahh niggas i swear
Lol😂😂😂😂🌋
Shinoubu from DS should watch this
@kebikiri
You right but I’ll still have my poison 😂😂😂
Are these anime house fillers?
Meanwhile in Toriko, Coco is one of the best bros
Bruh. 😂😂
I luv yall boys 😂🤣 no homo.
RIP all the homies who had nothing to do with the fight but died to sunlight 🙏🏾🙏🏾
Bro this guy basically Sasori
damn what did you do to make a nigga that mad
Naraku in a nutshell
Dude walking around minding his business 🚶🏿‍♂️🤢🤮☠️💀⚰️
“You hoed the other 16 whales” 😭
i love it dude lmfao
one of the best ones ever
This fye as hell but on the real mark where you get the sock my guy?
“You killed 17 whales?” 🤨
Not really concerned with the poison but really just tryna figure out what the hell is wrong with this nigga 🤣🤣
This guy is always kicking his ass
Ok I see the nice cameras and the better mics
Desmond raising the UV rays is gonna kill the ozone layer before the people
still mad the straw hats didnt merc ceaser after using them
2:47 "I put it in the sunlight" N*gga trying to be Niel Degrass Tyson in poisons LMAO 🤣🤣🤣
😂😂I love his reactions to the horrible things is doing just to win😂😂😂😂😂
☀️ 〽️ 💀
Mark - Shut up about Poison! Stop mentioning fucking poison!  Desmond - And my name... Poison
Damn dude that fentanyl is crazy
At that point, all of the posions don't even work anymore😂
Lol....SO WHAT U GOING TO DO NOW ....
Nice
Mark: You won. What are you gonna do now? Desmond: I will make more poison. Get more powerful.  Mark: There ain’t gonna be anyone left to fight.  Desmond: You’re right but I’ll have my poison.  Mark: But - Desmond: Poison
Magellan’s poison 😂😂😂
You just hoed 16 whales
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
“You could of held the 16 whales you just how’d them” 😂😂
Bro I swear from the thumbnail I was watching your rage reaction to this 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭 im dead bruh
You forgot to turn the screen blue, purple or green and having flashbacks for the hero
Man RDC stepped their game up so hard. Used to be 30 second meme-y videos and now it's 5 min proper comedy sketches. One of the few comedy channels around that's not only stayed relevant but gotten better over time. Top 5 on YouTube for sure.
You know we both gotta live here right? 🤣🤣
Desmond was born to play a villain 😂
“You hoe’d the other 16 whales, you messing up the environment”😭😭
Damn this deep lowkey
This is literally mayuri and sassori
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT
This mans poison resistance must be godly
A drop from CalebCity and RDCworld on the same day... I must be dreaming
Man I love every time he says YES
the way he flopped at 2:09 🤣🤣
Imagine if the power of friendship took in and he didn't even win the fight
Aint no point in tellin you nothin. Your just an ignorant villian.. WHOLE video but that part had me DYING lol
Another perk of being a shut in gamer. You don’t die because of the sunlight poison.
4:18😭😭😭😓
So desmond with the hidden beast joined darkside ?
“You got a family?”  “Ya”  “Fuck them huh”💀💀💀
I have to win the fight.
Welp guess we all dying then nice knowing yall XD
Yea you trippin tho 😂😂💀
Baby dunkkkk
Coco from Toriko be like
This is Desmonds best work 😂😂😂  Do you know what you're talking bout? NO 😭😭
"I tested it"💀💀💀💀
This is the only villain I know who uses poison and wins.
You just a ignorant villian
😂😂😂
One of worst skit.
That boy headband crispy asf
I have to win the fight 😂
loving the longer video
Damn bro, we both have to live here too. It's the environment bro!
😂🤣😂
I really feel like this was improved and that makes it that much greater
This quality is different🥶
Hi
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This was funny and all but Marks headband was legit. I needs that.
Lmao 😂 ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant huh 🤣🤣🤣
He said u got a family well fuck em huh 😂
Love you 😍
*Yes*
Did he use the same cut on the 17 Whales?
Hahahaha “you got a family...fuck em den huh”
Ceazer clown one piece 😂😂😂😂💯
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
*ahem* naruto..
Akame watching this: Hmmm that's kinda cute.
“why would you do that to the environment😐” 😂😂
“YES”
Nigga gonna make more poison ! 😂 he tryna take over the Galaxy
Lmao 😂
Keep it up guys you're the best 😂😂😂
THIS IS ABSOLUTE GOLD🔥🏆
Mark : so what kinda villian you gon be? Desmond : yes
Why he put the most powerful poison in the sunlight 😭😭
How he said “you put the poison in the sunlight!? 😂😂
4:07 That poor person walking their dog in the background doesn't even know they're being poisoned by the sun
sasori vs kankuro in a nutshell
Dis jaunt in 4K 🤩
Desmond the best Actor
Bruh the line that killed me the most was "I woulda never had beef with you if I knew you were gunna take it this far"
Wouldn’t the odorless poison poison the villain?🤔
3:05 🤣
he died like a skyrim npc
Ong just to kill one person
Dang, I was waiting for the "the poison I planted in you so-and-so long ago is taking effect"
Well I got poisoned by inosuku and I use the power of my plot to beat him with dialogue
I put the poison in the sunlight 😂😂😂😂😂 Edit: doesn’t poison kill other poisons so technically he could’ve counteracted poison with poison ☠️
boy lmaoooo
Boy des the best villain
Yes bro, the poison guys in anime 🤦🏾‍♂️ Their plots are too elaborate and extensive,  just for one cut😂😂😂 "You a villain, for ReAl"😂😂😂😂
🔥🔥🔥🔥 Fire babyyyy
Desmond is the best antagonist
“That’s selfish “😂😂😂
Boruto 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂
Bro is a fucking *TANK*
How he even gauge that his poison was strong enough to kill 17 whales? 😆
This reminds me of insect breathing 😅
Desmond took silent but deadly to a whole other level
“I put poison in the sunlight!” Bruuuuh😂😂😂😂
I H A V E T O W I N THE FIGHT
*Yes...*
The most important channel to American culture
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"I have to win the fight" Best line and excuse ever from a villain. 😂
Her: i skip the anime openings Me: 2:09
Chrollo’s knife from hxh
Something tells me Desmond has to win the fight
Y this nigga des always being the villain let my nigga be a hero
He lying, he just forted instead.
Wait are all the whales one animal
Do you have an antidote like what are you doing🤣
Who was holding a mirror underneath you guys to get that lighting? Hahaha
Yes only for me.... 😂😂😂 you just an ignorant villain 😂. This channel, I can’t 😂
Desmond's lip so dry lol
You killed 17 whales? Y-yea I wanted to be accurate
RIP to the 🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋
lmfao i laugh so hard and its not easy to make me laugh..
The thumbnail is hilarious
best dialogue ever lmao
1:35 Bro how RDC got the EXACT SOUND EFFECTS🤣💯
2:50 Desmond trying not to laugh.
“Dats selfish”
Ya funny asf man 😭😭😭😭
😂🤣😂🤣
I’m weak because he really could’ve said he turned up the UV rays and gave everyone cancer 😂
'yes'
Never have I seen someone so dissappointed in their own death
Yes
Bruh whales really 🤣🤦🏽‍♂️🤣🤣
Nobody:  Normal weebs: You killed 17 whales with poison impossible!    Black weebs: Wait you killed 17 whales with poison damn you really hate environment
If he's a villian he could just say I'm evil so what you expect. Compassion? Lmfao
Crazy how this better than power rangers acting
You guys should post blooper reels
random guy just starting his adventure, too bad he inhaled poison
And then suddenly the main characters best friend stab the villain in the back and then the villain feels bad about what he do and he make the cure for everyone
How can u even test it on 17 whales
Yo
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you ignorant”😂
I lost it at 3:10 lmao 😆
Y’all comedy is on point with this one 🤣 that Leland cameo 👌🏾🔥
“Yes” 😂
I died at "That's selfish."
Desmond really do play a good bad guy!!
The only cure is being the main character
Nobody:  Desmond: Yes.
The audio was amazing
Wait so like did he just give him cancer with his sunlight "poison"
Bleach in a nutshell
Poison users on anime’s be out of fucking pocket. And why are they always immune to their own poisons?!
Naruto talking reason to somehow convince his enemy 😂
I consider it a victory when you actually manage to get the villain to think about what they've done. And then have them feel bad for doing so. 😎
😃😂😂😂😂
So like,  he had to have done it multiple times because the poison didn't kill 18 whales. So that's at least 35 whales dead from his experiment. That's assuming only two trials.
“Yes”
This is HILARIOUS YO.! 😂😂😂😂
Des the 🐐
"Yes." 🤣🤣🤣
y’all did it again 😭😭 des went hard asf bruh
Rest In Peace
Caleb city and rdc notification best combo
Look at him 😂😂😂
THEY. DON'T. MISS.
That anime type death though.  A whole ass 4 minutes of dying 😆
BAKI ong
New cam!!!
"Do you know what you're talking about?" "No." LMAO!!!!
He wanted to be accurate 😂😂💀✌🏾
Silva and Zeno vs Chrollo  Chrollo: Cuts Silva  Zeno: "You okay?"  Silva: "I'm just fine."  Chrollo: "A tenth of a milligram will completely paralyze a whale."
unless you pulll some bullshit and say shit like POISION DOSENT EFFECT ME
Can anyone explain the capitalisation of titles for rdcworld's Godly videos?
17 whales bruh, that's beyond a villian😂😂😂
Desmond the ultimate villain😂😂
Top 10 rdc skit right here
This convo is everything!!!
Caustic be like
“Basically it’s poison that’s all that matters”   Desmond 2021
3:29 They had to die
He definitely a Caustic Main on Apex
**Everybody in Rome who died from Green Day's power will remember that**
This poison is enough to kill 17 wells.
Y’all don’t understand tho. He’s got to win the fight!
Bruh the way he kept saying yes had me dead😭😂
But....I HAD TO WIN THE FIGHT
Desmond just had to win!!! Loved this!!!
Real talk no jutsu
Poison: *will only start to affect the main protagonist when he's about to attack*
yoooooo RDC this one legit had me in tears 😭 too funny 😂
You hoed the other 16 🐋 😂
This is Orochimaru 😂
Probably the most dramatic funny shit I have ever seen... “you ignorant” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
"This poison is enough to kill 17 whales"  Killua: Lmao that's cute
This made my day😂
Man's turned into Mayuri from Bleach. 🤣
Lost it at "You hoed the other 16 whales."
If it didn't break skin then how did he get poisoned?
Top tier channel!
Already hade me at 17 whales Lmao
😂
To dam funny 😄
*Rest in piece*
It amazing me how each time he is affected by a different poison they literally have a conversation about it
"You da realest villain."  "Thank you."
When is anime house 6 coming out
Poison Poison
The fact that villains in anime always say that their poison is strong enough to kill multiple huge animals is crazy. I never realized it until now. Like why not one if you are testing the strength? Multiple doesn’t make sense bruh 😂😂😂
Desmond: "Kills 17 whales to perfect poison." Mark: and i took that personally..
It’s basically poison
“It’s a necessary sacrifice😐”😂😂😂
I had to win the fight 🤣
Do you even know what you taking about?  “No” 💀💀💀💀💀💀
Desmond is the best villain ever bruh 😭😭😭
Poison kills hero...Poison kills villian...both fighting in heaven
This is so funny asf
Yes🗿 -Desmond
Desmond is always the villain in these short skits and I kinda like it and found it perfectly fitting
Prologue to Shinji Adventures?
sasori in a nutshell
"You got a family?" "Yea" "Fuck em huh?" "They have to die!" "Oooh"  THIS SHIT GOT ME FUCKING CRYIN BRO WTF😭😭😭
"I have to win the fight."  This is now my new motive to do everything.
You put the poison in the sunlight Y E S
Desmond bringing straight Caustic energy 🤣
Nobody: Desmond: its basically poison
Protagonist: **poisoned and dying**  Also protagonist: environment lives matter! Why killing🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋 HUH!
"rest in peace"
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yes
Desmond amplified the UV rays and now Mark is dying of skin cancer
“you have a family , Yes, Fuck um , HUH”
he lucky mark aint the main character
Mayuri from bleach!
"ain't no point in telling you nothing.. you ignorant".. 😂😂😂!!!
Hi y'all are some funny dude y'all amazing
Desmond gave me some Calebcity vibes on this skit😂😂
Yooo i was dying at "that means its basically poison"
0:50 when they started self reflecting 😂
You put the poison in the sunlight? Ima head out.
Bruh
desmond the hardest villain ever
Desmond doing this because Mark took him out in the game of knock out😂
17 whales part had me crying
I wonder how many takes this took was mad funny dude
“Your hoed like 16 whales” lmao
The bland "yes" "no" really set it off😂😂
"I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT"-DESMOND
🤣🤣🤣
Silva Zoldyc references??
Desmond just saying “yes” got me dying
How many times did he 'Yes'?
Purple Haze
"My flame jutsu is enough to destroy 50.000 beehives !" "You destroyed 50.000 beehives ?!"
02:27 This is a joke skit but believe it or not, sun poisoning is a real thing!   The 1st poison was poison by direct contact (laced the sword?). Such is the case with an animal like the blue poison dart frog.   Solution: Do not let him hit you.  The second poison is basically carbon monoxide.   Solution: Basically hoed unless you got certain powers...or an oxygen mask.  The third poison is radiation poisoning an actual thing (taken to an extreme).   Solution: Certain powers...or a thick armor of polyethylene.   Contingency: An hero with poison immunity, electromagnetism, air manipulation, poison absorption, etc.  Villain: King Venom Abilities: Can find a way poison anything; capping Weaknesses:  1. He doesn't really know how his abilities work.  2. Anybody with good medical knowledge can basically hoe him.  3. Never fight on his terms, his strategies depend on you doing so. 4. He likes to cap on his strength. The 1st two poisons were killing the protagonists anyway so he just made up poisoning the sun. Plus. You can't poison the suuuuuun, if he did, our hero would get stomped out before the battle started. Anime villains always cap even when they get slept. 5. Also, look at his shooooooes. You can tell he's clearly disoriented. Drip in black but shoes are white, who hurt him. Look at our protagonist; cleaaaaan.  This has been the tutorial on how to deal with poison villains. Please note an overpowered hero has been dispatched and bullied the villain. Thank you for watching.
Mark: “ain’t to point in tellin you nothin, you ignorant”
u won but at what cost 🤕💀💀
If everyone dies then what is he fighting for?
Oh my gosh this is so underrated this should be like 5m views !!! Im 35yr old a very old school anime guy and henti this is so good and great.
Nice
How is desmond not dead, he's practically sun bathing
New trend save the whales
200k likes on the WAY!!!!!!!!!!!
"I have to win the fight!" I'm screaming
You killed 17 whales 😂😂😂😂😂 you got ah family 😂I woulda never had beef with you if I knew you were gonna go this far 🤣you a ignorant villain, you know that😂
We need Don Cheadle's Captain Planet to stop this villain.
RDC Anime be dark as hell.  People be dying in martial arts tournaments.  Villains beat the fuck out of kids. And dude just killed everyone on the planet
“i have to win a fight”
Lol go team Desmond
"Wait, whaaaat? This is just the filler arc in the anime! You mean I gotta save the whole world now?? We just got out of the tournament arc!"
🤣🤣🤣 I was dying laughing at this
“Do you know what your talking about”😂😂😂😂
"I'll still have my poison" lmaooo
Desmond always the Villan.
How is desmond not dead, he's practically sun bathing
this nigga funny asl 😭
This is wild. When everyone on Earth is gone he'll be starving to death in a warehouse full of poison 🤣
Leland falling in the background was jokes
poison seller, I am going into battle
Rest In Peace 😂😂😂
Yeeeaaassss
You hoed the other 16 whales
Es ez ez ez
Desmond look like he carry nothing but poison-type Pokemon lmaoo. Professor poison headass.
"I amplified the uv rays" 🤣🤣🤣 I'm still trippin off that lmaaooo
Hey man, let's pour one out for my boy Junpei tho, they did that man dirty.
Look. Look at him........ RIP
He died like a real nigga talking shit the whole time.😂
“Yeah... yeah u tripping tho”😭
Ah yes poison, the weapon that's barelly used, but when it's use, it cause blurry vision, pain, and paralysis
Yo! I'm in tears!
Desmond The Ignorant  Special Abilities include: Ignorant and Poison
This tooo funny 😹
"environment bro, we both live here" Ruthless Antagonist: *Raughs
You're a  real ass villain..  Thank you..
Desmond really would destroy the world just to prove he doesn’t have a daughter
You forgot the part where the main protagonist overcomes the tremendous amount of poison via the power of friendship or a sudden new transformation.
It’s the “hmm hmmm hmmmm” laughs for me
Yes
Hats off to Mark. He managed to give a full speech even after being poisoned by cut, air and sunlight. Not to mention that cut poison was worth killing 17 vills
“Do you know what you talkin bout?” “NOOO”
Just give these guys a Netflix show already
“One what would’ve been enough”😭 They never miss
Old Pokémon games when you get poisoned
2:08 will forever stay undefeated 😂😭 the way he dropped
Yeah....you trippin tho 🤣🤣🤣
To be fair there are villains out there who care only about power, & don't have any concerns of the consequences. Those types are the worst to deal with.
mabashi from bleach
Hero: "You killed seventeen whales?"  Villain:  𝔂𝓮𝓼
Lelanddddd😭😭😂😂😂
🤦🏽‍♂️😂😂😂
Yooo why did I think this was a Yourrage vid from the thumbnail 🤣🤣
deadass thought the last poison was gonna be covid, from talking to him without a mask
“Thank you” 😂😂
I love it when the poison takes effect after the villain is done monologuing
Story says he’s still making poison till this day alone. Who’s telling the story?  “HIMSELF”
“You got a family?”  “Yes.”   “So fuck em huh?”
LMAOOOO” I put it in the sunlight” 😂😂😂💀💀💀💀💀💀💀 bruhhhhhhhhhhhhh that was a good ass laugh.
Yo Desmond acting go so much better. Been following these niggas for like 4yrs. They deadass evolving as content creators
Yo new RDCWorld video AND new CalebCity video this day just got a lot better
This some Yu Yu Hakusho, Kurama, type beat
Wait @RDCworld1 wouldnt the poison kill desmond too
Lol Desmond makes the best villains
LmAO "You got a family?...of so F em" " yes they had to die"
Mark "you put the poison in sunlight" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"I must win the fight" Lol
😭😭 need more!
Mayuri Type beat
Desmond is the antagonist of the RDC universe.
That shi weak Why u got a sword if u just funna be using poison lmao
grrrt rdc
they dont ever miss
17 whales and he's not dead in a few seconds 🤣
Rest in peace!😂
LMFAOOOOO IM SO DEADD
Could Poison Des beat the guys from the weird anime weapons video? Paper Planet Killer and Dimensional Pool Ring?
"You got a family?" "Yes." "Fuck 'em, huh?" "Th-they have to die." "Aw"
This is how my man Sasori was LMAO
Smash that like please. They are so quality. You got a family, fuck them huh!
They got the exact same sword I got
The UV rays, oh snap, have to win the fight though.
RIP LELE
You got a family 😂😂😂 fuck em huh 😂
😂😭😭😭😭😭
This is what Desmond was plotting for months while we were all bullying him about being a deadbeat, now we all gonna die. Great.
Mark: u just an ignorant villian u know that huh? Desmond: YES Im literally dying that shit got me good lmao
I'm cackling
Shinobu be like
You just an ignorant villain, you know that huh? ..........yes
Hilarious 💯
4:09 I put the poison in the sun every body is dead car drivers in the back 🤣
Hunter x Hunter Chrollo vs Silva & Zeno loool i knew this
“Ohhh, look at him... he ain’t have nothing to do wit the fight.” 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Why is Desmond such a good villain🤣🔥
Their acting keeps getting better. We need to see them in legit movies already on some Hollywood shit
“That’s selfish” 🤣🤣
Rip Leland
This is me when I hear how some snakes have a bite that can kill a herd of elephants or some shit. Like WTF nature, is that really needed for reptiles that eat rats and shit
I chopped down all the trees in Michigan...to win the fight
But can he poison poison 🤔
“Why would u do that to the environment” 😭😭 ayoo that shit killed me
Yes.
Basically "If Bill Gates was Anime."
Lmao!
Bro💀💀😭
Sasori be like:
Amplified the UV rays lmao
this speaks to me idk why
Mark: do you have the antidote  Desmond: yes, only for me Mark: dats SELFISH, dats SELFISH‼️
“That shit really weak” had me crying🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yo y’all got bloopers? I feel like that would make a good video just because...
Poison is "so deadly " but it never works Check out just saiyan gear, it'd be cool to see some anime apparel represent
I thought this was a yourRage video because of the deformed Desmond in the thumbnail. 💀
Hurry up and make a Netflix show!!! Love yall and every time yall make a anime video its so got damn accurate🎯 keep being the best yall
I take away: we need our whales 🐳!!!!
🤣
“Ain’t no point in tellin you nothin, you ignorant”😩😂😂😂
My soul is crying🤣🤣🤣
Yes...
You know that don't you... Yes
Deadbeat Des didn’t bring an antidote for Krystal...how disrespectful 🙄
Small flex: Saw all these guys at my local gym, won’t say where for their privacy, but they were cool. got a cool photo as well 👌
My brain : is this a continuation of code geass? 🤔 😂
You just an ignorant villain
Lmao
Yall b killing it 😂😂
He loves his poison
He killed his whole family jus to win a fight😭😭😭
This nigga desmond always the villain smh he be on point though
They always have the antidote and always lose because they get careless/cocky.
When random guy died I did too lol
😂😂💀
The funniest one of of 2021 no kizzy
He should’ve done the heartbeat sound effect when he felt it
How Sakura would be if Chiyo wasn't there to back her up.
Why have anybody else play the villain when the home Des is soo good at it lmao
Popped up in my recommendation after I just finished watching the Asuma and Hidan fight 😔
Mans fell ON GRASS with white pants... damn
This dude sasori, smh.
Hahhaahah "winning aint winning unless your cheating" *Bill
Mark: You got a family?  Desmond: Yes..... *THEY HAVE TO DIE, I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT*
only people who always make me laugh
I’m upset he lying in that green ass grass with them white ass joggers and is not concerned about grass stains.
🤣🤣🤣🤣bruh!!!
“....I kinda feel bad about what you’re saying I mean... but I had to win the fight.”
Yes.
Desmond the villain for the eleventyseventh time 😭😭😭😭
“Ain’t no point in tellin you nothing you ignorant” 😂😂😂😂
Rest in peace 😂
Bro over here sounding like the comedian of anime Kevin Hart 3:03
Where hood avatar
Rest in peace
Mark was prolly the side character is dis video too
this bih so funny ion know why it's so funny to me lol
clearly the villians most powerful poison was laughing gas because i was dieting throughout this whole video
This was a miss ngl
Random guy dies* . Villains:A necessary sacrifice
Poison users are hoes 😂😂😂
LOL!
Bruh
Mark:Its the environment we both gotta live here  Desmond:The hardest choices require the strongest wills
find a girl that loves you as much as desmond likes his poison
That Title is an English Exam😕
Leland yo lmfaoo
Can you do good avatar 4 plz
What we didn’t see was right after the MC has a flashback to his family, manages to fight off the poisons, somehow unlocks a new special ability to fight off the villain, and immediately fixes the sun.
17 Wells ? What
R.i.p Leland
Do one how anime dress
All their moms are like "oh playing with your friends again?"
3:12 Desmond trying not to die laughing
😂😂😂😂
you hoed the other 16 whales
Random person nobody knows dies........”RIP” 🤣😭
Now we know where Corona came from
4:14 should come with a meme
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant" 💀💀🤣🤣
All My Homies Hate Desmond
I'ma make more posion😂😂😂
Peep the Dreamville shirt
He has to win the fight !
This feel like a Joel Haver skit bruh😂
Desmond just has the face of a badguy
*Just a ignorant villain* 😂💀💀
You got a family? Fuck em huh? Lmao
this shit hilarious
Y’all should do the Lakers locker room after Bron’s injury lol
Villains like these are worse than spectators being killed in anime tournaments
Lmao
THE CAMERA!!! Is it 4K?!
Chapstick
*Hanzo the salamander wants to know your location
YOU PUT THE POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT? 😂 😂 😂
How is killing more than one whale impressive ? If the poison can kill 1 whale shouldn't it be able to kill every whale ?
You just hoed the other 16 whales 😂😂💯
Lol I'm weak!! 😆
RDC and CalebCity posted on the same day? Hell ya baby
Yo Desmond in these are the best!
Desmond: "Yes" 😆
Bruh why am I laughing so hard lol bruh 4:16 on had me rolling
Ignorant villain LMAO
I have to win the fight!
*the sun is a deadly laser*
*Shinobu from demon slayer be like:*
redo of healer
Cameraman’s wearing 7 masks my man came prepared.
*whom. I know your people have correct grammar. Use it please :)
great acting.
Desmond strong madara next back n forth
The best part about this was desmond little manicly laugh. That had me rolling.
This one of the best videos I done ever watched. Desmond was fucking amazing 😭😭😭
The is the funniest shit I’ve always watched in years lmaoo
Nigga rly killed 17 whales 💀
Basically Frost from DBZ super 😂
You got a family? Yes... Fuck em, huh? The-the-they have to die... *I have to win the fight...*
You got a family?   "Yes, they have to die" 🤣🤣🤣
This is MK4 Quan chi ver. 4.0. Ruler of a dead realm.
0.1 milligrams of that stuff is enough to paralyze a whale
Do you know what you talking about   No
I have to win the fight 😂
"I'll make more poison" Lmaoooooooo 😂😂
_Maybe the real poison was the friends we made along the way_
Sasori be like:
Yo this dude really starting to look like kevin hart
And this is the story of how covid transferred in the anime world
LMAOOO he put the poison into the sun 🤣🤣 you guys forever have me weak. I love ya content 💪🏽🔥
4:20 Desmond couldnt hold in his laughter either lol
I enjoyed this!
the dislikes are from the people who were poisoned
Lmao 17 whales 😂😂
This why I hate Shinobu
Desmond>>>>>>> don flamingo
Basically Mayuri from bleach
In the next episode the protagonist overcomes the poison with this friendship and willpower anyways so it's all good
Dis juh Accurate
When they go from trying to kill each other to having deep philosophical conversations mid fight🤣🤣
"There ain't gonna be nobody left to fight" Car passes behind him
Desmond a legend
Villain:  *Shoots a 50 cal. tipped with poison*          *"It's basically poison."*
amazing video
😂😂mark and Desmond too funny yo fr
I was dying when he said “now that’s selfish u selfish”
I laugh faster
“You put the poison in the sunlight?”😂😂😂😂
Why u look so chill while dieing hahahah
Tears rolling down my face as usual 😂🤣🤣😂😂😂 too damn funny bruh thanks
Bro is it me or dose this feel like the old rdc. Best one yet......has me dead. Des: i also put poison on this video. Everyone thats watching this  dead.... Fuk it... I want to win this fight lol...
He's the #1 poison ninja in the world, he's max level with that poison
“Ain’t no point Of telling you nothing, you ignorant, you just a ignorant villain”😂😂😂
When mark said “so it’s fuck the family” I died 😂😂😂😂
I don't know why but 0:09 and 2:09 had me ctfu tho! Lol
Desmond a menace
HAHAAHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHHAHAHAHAHAHA
“I have to win the fight”
Where you get them bandanas from
😂😂😂
Skit has a family guy feel to it lol . Do how training be like in anime and how anime characters be like in their last stand against army of villains and put that song from set it off when cleo/queen latifah last stand scene probably might be copyright but its definitely a emotional feel to it
😂😂 you a real villain
Your telling me this guy bodied 17 whales worth of poison and a lethal dose of air poison... this anime bullshit man
Silva & Zeno vs Chrollo vibes
“I feel like you don’t know what you’re talking about, do you know what you’re talking about?” “No”😂😂😂😂
Me: Wait but you've killed everyone on Earth Dr. Wily: Yes, but that means I won
This is the definition of fighting Akame😂😂
😭😭😭😭
They they they have to die🤣😂
"i guess there was poison in the chapstick"
"Rest in Peace" 😂😂
Yes
"i gotta win the fight"
My niggas love them some anime 😂
"Rest in Peace" 😂😂
"You the realest villain"   "Thank you :)"
Does desmond look....older?
Yo did Desmond just give this nigga rapid cancer?
Looks over casually ... Rest in peace 😂😂😂😂
You just ignorant huh...Yes 🤦🏾‍♂️
The camera quality tho
EVERYBODY WILL BE DEAD it doesn't matter I have my poison
Bruh fr tho
Desmond a menace to society in every video😂
You guys dang!! God bless you guys!! Thanks for the laughs for real!! Need that a lot! Stay blessed fellas for real!!!
Bro this is too funny, y’all going places and you always were
why i feel like youtube dont want me watching rdc, swear i never get notifications 😒
Mark and Desmond got too much free time
Idk why I drank water while watching this, I almost spit it everywhere when he said "It was a necessary sacrifice." lmao
Desmond's laugh every time Mark tried to move 😂😂💀
Mark ahh turned into Naruto rq 😂😂
Poisoning the animals and the sun... is the villain a metaphor for large corporations that keep polluting the earth for their own gain, even if it’ll eventually kill everyone else?
Had to win the battle somehow
Desmond really the greatest villain of all time
"You really the realest villain..."   Desmond: "Thank you" 😂 ffs
*yOUr iN mY GeNjUTSu nOW*
LMAOOOOO this mad funny bc im on Punk Hazard rn
This is definitely Kurotsuchi from Bleach
He never needed a sword or any reason to battle. He has his poison in the air and the sunlight
Gotta respect Mark, he really wore white pants and shoes and layed all the way down on the dirt
Bro how he survive the 17 whale posion
These guys are legends in the flesh
Love the videos.
IM WEAK!!!!!!
Desmond vs Kaguya
0:52 Mark became Captain Planet!
aint nobody gonna know he won 😂
This man FRFR poisoned Sunlight LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOL!  Next week on Boruto LOLOLOL
You forgot the anime protag stab their leg or something to ooze the poison out.  The whale part though 10/10 lines lololol
I thought it was hilarious how in one shot the hero was on the ground but in the next he was standing up just fine.  And how ignorant the villain was.
This has to be their longest normal skit to date LOL
I have to win the fight
This shit had me weak the entire time 😭😭😭😭😭. I couldn’t breathe.
None of the poisons really stopped him from questioning his poisons
😂😂😂
Reminds me of Inuyasha.
their acting is always so good
Fuck'em huh? Desmond: yes  😂😂💀💀
Poison npc 😂
You know this villain is ass when he has counters for his counters 😂😂
bruh😂
Ignorant villain..  Villain: *Poisonous Ignoramus* ...
One whale would have been enough 💀💀
😹😹😹😹😭😭😭”fuck em huh”
he got the antidote but he's still basically standing with poison aiming down on him because of the sunlight plus theres poison in the air so des shouldn't even be standing lol
He has to win the fight so I don’t see the problem 🤷🏾‍♀️
U know but like that's the environment bro
I barely recovered from the "poison in the sunlight"...and then he hit me with the "Fuck em, huh?" Sunlight poison musta got me too cuz im fuckin dead 🤣🤣☠💀
This usually happens to the side character then the MC steps in also gets poisoned but still wins
Its all fun and games till Killua challenges him to a fight
Bruh, I didn’t think this was gon be this funny but it was, Preciate it fam
😂😂😂
When I saw the thumbnail I thought it was a yourrage video
Like the funny part is the poison does not take effect on the villan 😂😂
Mark is taking that poison tho. Des should've killed more whales to get the one shot.
The whole planet is a necessary sacrifice for one random encounter.
😂😂😂😂
I have to win a fight xD
Desmond is such a versatile villain
1:00   you straight Holed the other 16 whales.... Im crying 😂
the souud effect was so funny haha
😂😂❤
I got Obito vibes from the thumbnail
Damn my boy done killed captain planet as well poisoning the sun and shit
Reminds me of the heroes that become immune to the intense poison that villains use against them lol
Can we talk about the quality though like crisp
Yes
Pokkle be like:
😭😭😭
What is this law of ueki??? Talking about enviroment
Shinobu from demon slayer in a nutshell 🤣
I like the video before I watched becuz of the great quality I’ve come to expect from them
He talking about demon slayer lmao
Villain: I had to win the fight.  Me before dying: 👍
I have to win the fight
This is like a definition of Akame Ga Kill, With The Imperial Arms😂😂
desmond the whole vid: yes
He probably would have poisoned the whole universe to win against a 10 year old kid
Mark: “You got a family? “Fuck em huh?”  Desmond: Yes
“I have to win the fight” 🤣
"You put the poison in the sunlight?"💀
I’m high asl this shit hilarious 😂😭👌🏽
Desmond was holding in that laugh😂
YouRage made this thumb
Yo this one had me dead Fr🤣🤣
Poison users in anime always the biggest scum 🤣
Bro every time Desmond said “yes” shit had me dying bro
Arbok this dude master n shit
Dez did an accurate example of the mental disorders and one track mind set people really have. I had to win the fight, it was a neccessary sacrifice
I've Won... But at What Cost?
Hahahah this couldn’t be more true I LOVE IT!!!!!!!!!!🤣
The villain really said no lives matter
"aint no point in telling you nothing you ignorant"
Bro the funny part is how he don’t know what he talking about
Ain't no point in telling you nothing you ignorant 🤣🤣🤣🤣
desmonds smug ass smile is what sells it lmao
“Do you know what you’re talking about?” “No” 😭😭😭😭
Des has never played better straight faced comedy. “Yes.” Incredible.
“You just a ignorant villain” “Yes”
Thought this was one of rages thumbnails lol
“Ain’t no point in tell you nothing you ignorant” 😂😂
These niggas are funny AF🤣🔥
Desmond really a menace bruh🤣🤣🤣
Desmond can add this to his portfolio, it'll really spice things up. On a real note, Desmond's acting is next level
“But I’ll still have my poison!” 😂😂
ooo new camera alert
Idk I don’t think this video is it. Too much dialogue and not very funny, but I still love u guys and ur contents. Just my opinion
Never a flop 🔥😂
All he cares about is poison. Poison is the only thing that matters
When the posion has more plot armor the mc
😂🤣😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🥰
4:26 the disappointment. lol
Desmond looks like he is about to bust out laughing.
🤔
Hi
0:06 these edibles ain’t shit  0:10 😯
Mark: "Ain't no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant, you just an ignorant villain......you know that huh?"  Desmond: "Yes :)"  Had me sent 😂😂😂
You killed 17 whales? 😕
Akame from her Anime be like:  ”If I cut myself I’ll die” *Proceeds to cut herself and lives
Rest In Peace 😭😭😭
Literally Vegeta when he tried fighting Beerus for the first time.
Literally Vegeta when he tried fighting Beerus for the first time.
You just an ignorant villain.  Yes.
I died everytime desmond said yes
In the end he sounded like my parents 💀
Leland’s death noise killed me dawg 😭 dude died like a enemy from Skyrim
yo someone needs to animate this in joel harvers animation style XD
Yes
Lmfao 🤣 you’re right but I’ll still have my poison
I have to win
"Seventeen whales?!"
4:05 😂😂
I’m fainting 😂😂
Bruh Desmond starts to sound like he's really questioning it all after a bit hahaha 😂
rip to the whales fly high
Poor bystanders in all anime. Their just out here living and villains just like...imma do the most and the most random shit. All cause I can. Dont ask me to explain cause even I dont understand.
Really wanna know how the villain is immune to UV ray poison, huh
Des is the best villain 😂
poison you say, remembers me of ninja scroll
Akame ga kill flashbacks
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing. You're ignorant. You're just an ignorant Villain.... You know that, huh?" "Yes. :)"
My boy Leland just dropped🤣🤣🤣
Poor whales
“I can’t quote the video” - rdc fans
17 Whales🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
"ain't no point in telling you nothing, you just ignorant. You just a ignorant villain. You know that huh?" I FUCKING DIED BRUH 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂
Desmond really be the bad guy out here killing the environment and shit
Its basically poison....u have a fam...yes..they have to die weak 💀
People casually driving past as if the poison ain't killing them too
A win is a win tho Am I right
I hate the poison characters😂😂
bro, he got so sad when he killed the whales
"look at him" lol that dude just straight *DROPPED*
I swear villains just be dicks for no reason when it comes to poison 🗿
Too accurate
Hero: So you amplified the UV rays? Villain: Yes and I have the antidote. Hero: Oh so you got the cure to cancer? Villain: What? No, what does can- Hero: Cause amplifying these UV rays gives cancer. Congratulations you gave everyone cancer including yourself
Thank you for the heat 🙏🏽🔥🔥
Wow a Calebcity and a RDCworld vid on the same day!!! 2021 is truly the best redemption arc ever. Going to sleep with a smile on my face.
Rest in piece😂😂😂
Everytime I try to explain why the joker is overrated imma show em this video lol
HE HAD TO WIN THE FIGHT
Why did mark look like Hannibal on that close up at the end lmao
Leland melted  like cheese.
Sasori in the Akastuki to a T
lol
Put the poison in sunlight 😅🤣😂 why the sun bruh
Bro your hair is clean af yoooo
The Abridged Version Of Each Anime That Uses Pouson.
"Do you know what you talking bout?"....."No."🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Desmond be playin that villain role a little too well
“ I kinda feel bad for what you’re saying “ 😂😂🤣🤣 When the villain really a good dude all along...
When did Kubo start writing your fights?
Somebody need to make that you a ignorant villain part a  meme 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Hero: You have a family? Villain: Yes. Hero: F*** them huh? Villain: Yes. 😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
*so you just hoed the other 16 whales huh*   I'm deaddd 😂
Desmond has gotten so good at being a villain, that he doesnt need to act anymore.
Mark: "Bro how much poison do you have!?" Desmond: "Yes"
1:05 Already showing more compassion than mfs in politics.
You hoed the other 16 whales😆
"Do you know what you talking bout?" "No" 😂😂😂
This skit reminds me of something calebcity would make
Junpei though...
"Thats selfish" lol
"I put it in random spots across the planet"💀💀
When that nigga shook his head for he died!?!?!? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I WAS WEAKKKKK
From now on, if anyone questions something fucked up I did, my response will be "I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT!!"
You're just a side character!!!!
“yes.”   lmao
He out here increasing uv rays... soooo he is giving everyone cancer???!
Somebody get this man more poison 🐍
Yes...
You ignorant
Lol yo this is top tier YouTube.
HATE the poison niggas, y’all writing too good😭
Kakuro vs Sasori vibes 💀💀💀💀
Peep how the villain in all black but had to have the icy whites on his feet.
“ you killed 17 Whales” 😂😂😂
bruh XD
1:40 looks like my Other, ODORLESS lmfaoooooo  “Yes it’s indie air”
😭😭
The production is on point. You guys should make movies.
the whales 😫😫😫 got me dying
bruh, y'all videos be straight fire
Thanos ain’t got nothing on him.
All the people watching behind camera be like: 👁️👄👁️ should we be worried?
“Its in the air 😈”
Bro said you got a family? Fuck em huh?
This man Desmond the whole time: 🧍🏾‍♂️. Yes Poison, just poison.
😂😂😂
Plot twist: there was no poison, he was just drunk
I’m mad they had that little talk 😭
Nobody:  Desmond: “YES”  😂😂
“This poison is enough to kill 17 whales.” 😂🤣💀
So the villain won.
This is so accurate 😭😭😂
“No human is surviving more than one whale.” When a statement makes no sense and perfect sense at the same damn time.
I DIED when mark snapped out of it and said “That shit really weak... I don’t like fighting people who do shit like that” 😂
"Yes" 😭
😂😂
This might be my favorite Desmond character yet😂😂
He has to win the fight
“Rest in peace” XD
I like how cars are just passing by slowing by slowly like this is not a fight for humanity
This is like the Puffer fish effect from Minecraft
"so you killed 17 whales?" xD
17 whale, hunter x hunter reference!
You killed 17 whales?
17 whales 😂😂😂
Omg this might be the best one ever
You the realest villain.......”thank you”
"Aint no point in telling you nkthing, you ignorant" lmao
"do you know what your saying" "no..but i need to win the fight" "you an ignorant villain" LMFAO
Sorry I’m late
17 Wales lol
Your just a ignorant villain had me laughing.
They do this in bleach and naruto lol
These videos give me life
lol it looked like my man used the kamui on him! I LOVE HIS EVIL LAUGH TOO 😂 lmao THIS VIDEO IS SO COOL BRUH! XD
The whale part was so accurate
Mayuri Kurotsuchi has entered the chat
Lmfao🤣🤣🤣🤣 "Do you know what you doin??" . . . . . .  "No" 🤣🤣🤣🤣
a enemy can have the strongest poison and still find a cure
Nice vid I dropped 1 similar on this same day lol
Rip for them 17 whales
" They have to die "
Doku Yarou
UA students vs hero killer stain be like.
sasori in a nutshell
“You gotta family?”  “Yeah but they have to die” He on some Itachi shi-      This is the most likes I’ve ever got thx
Imagine the person you kill still looks down on you shanking his head and facepalming as he's dying. You gotta be an ignorant villian for that to happen.
does anybody else whant the next video game house?
Stomach hurt can’t stop laughing 😭
watch food wars its a nice cooking show. fun for the whole family
Soooo... he’s an industrialist.
Sunlight?? Nahhh y’all hilarious 😂😭😭
Hi
he said "I kinda feel bad" lmao
Kill everyone...CRYSTAL NOOO!!!
Lol how much position this man Des Done destroyed the entire ecosystem 😂
the way lee died 😂😂😂
You just an ignorant villain 😂
“Why would you do that to the environment?” 😂😂😂
😂😂😭😭
Make a sequel to basketball anime :prison ball
Yes
Can't wait til desmond mustache grow in
Why is Desmond always the villain
This was hilarious I thought mark was gonna put up 2 middle fingers before dying tho  XDXD
Y E S
Need some music
He's doing a lot of sacrificing just to win one fight 😂😂😂😂
😆 🤣 😂
desmond killed the whole damn planet for a fight, what a legend
Wow I’m early
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Poison all it takes is skin contact.  Venom must be injected
Desmond always plays the best villains
WHERES HOOD AVATAR
*impossible! that poison was potent enough to paralyze 5 elephants, how can he still move?*
Bruh this shit funny as hell🤣🤣
Oh, but their is one more poison             The glizzy poison. It makes you feel like you have a large glizzy on top of you, pushing you down   Edit:Why tf did I have to watch an asmr ad at the end
LMAO Leland finally using his awkwardness for all the right reasons! That fall was pretty hilarious, great video
I’m in the location where one of his poison hit me, this is my last message to the world. Run from the sun
3:40 yeah I be feeling 🙏💪🤣
You can’t reason with a mad man
You just a ignorant villain you that huh?  Yes.
2:09 lmaooo😭
😂😂😂
He ain't beating Goku tho, nobody can beat Goku
Desmond the Pain-Killer
😂🤣😂😭😭😭
He a whole ass villain
Y’all too funny 😂😂
“Ain’t no point in tellin you nothin , you ignorant” 😂😂😂😂
God loves you enough to put his son on the cross in order for us to be free from sin , repent and go to heaven. PLEASE REPENT NOW.
Kurotsuchi without the hindsight
I swear to god for those first few seconds I thought Desmond was calebcity
Menace to Society just for a fight
Poisons the sun Mark u gon kill everybody  Gamers:allow us to introduce ourselves
Not really feeling this one.
This man be like Sasori and Orochimaru with all this poison BS
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Demon slayer all day
Desmond characters wake up and choose violence 25/8
Magellan from One Piece done correctly. Desmond would have Impel Down on locks
That headband nice as sh!!
Wow…you really a Villain😂😂😭
“You got a family” “ *YES* “ “So f*ck em huh” 😭😭☠️
Enemy: I mean I kinda feel bad for what your saying but *I have to win a fight*  *LOGIC*
It's Des with the straight face the entire video that got me! Haha. "I need my sword to cut them....so i can poison them!"
Not Lil Le 😂😂😂😂😂
1st hunter exam on that island be like
when he bluntly says "yes" to the most obnoxious things I can't handle it
Damn both of them boys got them waves spinnin
"I feel like you really don't know what you're talking about. Do you know what you're talking about?"   "No"   😂😂😂
Rdc world is too funny
When is anime house 6 coming
I always found it weird how the guys always say “Just one scratch is enough to paralyze a whale” or something. Like do they actually test it out. Go to a zoo or aquarium and poison the animals.
The convo was chilled af 😂
Do you know what your talking about NO
~Thank you  Desmond
Hahahahahahh
Kilua: this ain’t shit
When he said "yes" I felt that
Nah he forgot the side character with the antidote,funny af though
The Shots are looking great on here
😂😂😂😂
Bruh... i am fucking dying. He said I had to be sure...
Nope fake the characters never get effected til the villain says they poisoned them
"aint no point in telling u nothing u ignorant,u just a ignorant villain" hahahha
The definition of *"I've won, but at what cost?"* 😂😂
I have to win the fight
Lol I just saw this on the most recent episode of demon slayer that aired on toonami this past weekend
Bruh this the funniest $hit ever. 🤣🤣🤣🤣👍🏾👍🏾
BRUH DO YALL SEE THAT CAMERA UPGRADE....ITS IN 4K!! WJLHY IS THIS VIDEO 4KKK
this is classic rdc lol
In conclusion: *Yes*
You ignorant you know that right? Yes. Lmao
Imagine seeing these dudes in the park playing with swords and dialoguing
17 whales 🐋 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣💀💀💀💀💀💀like whattttttt
🤣🤣🤣 I wanna be accurate
😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
It’s basically poison 🧛🏿
“ Aint no point in telling you nothing you just an ignorant villain “ 🤣🤣
MORE!😂😂😂👌
I have to win the fight so it's a necessary "Evil"
Mark is the best kinda ninja. Nigga STEADY DYIN... and ain't even really tryin' to reform the villain. He just like... "Nigga, you ignorant. You fucked up."  DEAD!
shinobu
Akame be like:
Lmfao 🤣🤣🤣
lmao Desmond voice the whole time though
"You got family right?" "Yes." "Fuck em huh"
Probably one of their funniest videos 😂😂😂😂
You was moving to much lmao
😂😂😂😂 you got a family? 😭😭😭
Real villains stay ignorant. They will destroy everything while they know how stupid it is to do it.
"there ain't no point telling you nothn. You ingnant. You know that huh?"  "Yeah"
How you go from "gh...why would you..put poison in the air??" All struggle-like.   Straight to  *That shit really weak tho* 😭😭🤣🤣
Gotta do a vid on hood fights if they were in jump force
😂
This villains name gotta be Bell Biv DeVoe.
He missed the point "He has to Win the Fight"😂
What happened to the 18th wale ? Is he in life alert ? Is he good ?
Bruh that's for real how it be🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
.
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣fuck em huh
Bro 17 whales 😂😂😂😂😂
This remind me of sasori
Yes
U killed 17 whales???  Yes😑
Desmond always a top tier villain 😂😂
The sun is a deadly lazer
I LAUGHED SO HARD I STARTED SNORTING SOME COCAINE LMAO
He won the fight tho
Yo some villains are the worst 😂😂😂
Lmaoo y’all too funny 😭
Yes
Who else thought this was a your rage video because of the thumbnail
"There ain't gonna be nobody left to fight."  "You're right but I'll still have my POISON."   Me: 💀💀💀
All this needs is that Naruto bad situation music 😂😭😭
😂😂😂😂😂
😭🐐 I watched this 2x
Best video by far, so preposterous it's ridiculously hilarious
Me: "A scratch is usually-" Video: "Unh, you scratched me."
"You're the realest villain." "Thank you. " Just soaking up the praise like everyone on the planet soaking up his poison. 🤣🤣
I swear dude is super corny lmao 🤣
You have won. but at what cost?
You know what you talkin about?  *N O*
Not mark having a strong hearty full on conversation while dying😂😂😂😂
I have to win the fight 😂😂
This is actually funny asf 😂
"That shit really weak" I'm dying😂😂
Why would you do that to the environment? The same shit I say about the govt testing bombs in the ocean 😩
I like how he shook his head one last time before dying. 🤣
Lmfao "yeah but I'll still have my poison" ...
i like these videos before i even watch them at this point , i know they always gonna slap
Uv rays? You gave him cancer?! 😂
This channel is to good
He’s just excepting it at the end 😂
“ITS DRIVING ME OUTTA MY MIND”
I can’t yall 💀
Nb:🚶🏾 Desmond after every question:Yes🗿
Mark: 17 whales??? LMAO!!!
😂😂😂😂😂
Lmao
NOT The other odorless poison !! 😂😂😂
“Fuck em huh “ ? “  “Yes they had to die “  What yoooooo 😂😂😂
Can we get a moment for Them 17 Wales and that random back ground character
“You hoed the other 16 whales”  Me: ☠️
Des wylin out, my nigga... the ENVIRONMENT, dawg.
Bruhh when they was talking bout the whales they had me dead!!!!!!
Yes
Yooo I'm literally crying this nigga said you hoed the other 16 whales
Chrollo wants to know your location
The best one yet
YESSSSSS
If you take a drink every time the word poison was said, you'd definitely poison yourself. 😅
“That’s shit really weak I don’t like fighting people like that “😂😂😂😂
“Fuck em huh?” 😂
"You an ignorant villain, you know dat?" "Yes..." 😂😂😂😂😂
i am the 6000th comment
1:34 that is probably the most accurate scene
They have too die
"aint no point in telling you nothing you ignorant"
Villain Akame:
The. BOYS. DO. NOT. MISS.
U put the poison in the sunlight??? YES!!!
"I put it in the Sunlight😏"
"So how many poison you have?"  "Y E S"
one of the best ones😂
You killed 17 whales?
0:10 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂 u kno its bad when the opponent just stands calmly as u charge at them
I bet Desmond always like " Man if im not he villan im quittin this bullshit ass youtube Now lemme be the vilain "
Get this man Desmond a role his acting is impeccable
When you realized the Villain says yes to almost everything.
They always using naruto as a reference lmao, Sasori ass nigga
Villains with a conscience lol
"Do you know what you talking about?"  "No."
Nice Yourrage Thumbnail!!
This the same guy that made covid?
😂😂😂😂wtf
Make long videos
Yo, this had me dying
Bro just outchea killing whales 4 no reason 😂😂😂😂
You got a family?... fuck em huh?😂
Oooo weee, it’s gonna be good
..........yes
He took by any means necessary too seriously..
What was the point of the first 2 poisons lmaooo
That's selfish....that's selfish 🤣🤣
f*ck I would love to be walking in the park and see a bunch of guys dressed in wierd clothing fighting in the park with otaku swords
Mark: you got a family? Desmond: yes  Mark: fuck em huh?
🤣🤣😂😂😂😂🤣
Dis basically caustic b4 dey nerf'd him in apex legends 🤷🏿‍♂️
That plot armor kept bro alive
Rip Leland
Literally them poison niggas be weak on God
They finally got a light bounce board I see that golden glow!!!
Looks like the cameraman also got that antidote too huh
Leland’s part reminded me of an Oblivion guard dying.
This is my new favorite!!!! 🤣
“I have to win the fight”😂😂😂😂
Y'all comedy is poison I died laughing
"YES"
villian haha i win  do you i mean really? you killed everything you also screwed with the sun meaning you have nothing to eat now we all die sorta fast and relatively pain free compared to what you are about to experience.
“When everyone is poisoned no one will be”
You know that huh?   Yes.
“You gotta family?” Yes. “Fuck em huh?” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Lmao, it's so true that they always compare how effective the poison is to like whales or elephants.
RIP to the 17 Whales 🐳.
Sasori be like
Looking like rage wit the thumbnail😭
YES
*"Yes."*
wheres the plot armor does the main characters family die from the sunlight poison and have a power boost?
Imagine watching an anime and they start talking about protecting the ecosystem
Hugh hjojbhhh  If u can relate
Why am I poisoned? WHY AM I TOXIC!?!?
Des trying not to laugh
W
yeah i dont feel like anime villians plan that far ahead its like oh well ill be alone on earth then  then just go live in a cave stupid
Must've been a necessary sacrifice
“You hoed the other 16 whales” you guys are too funny 😂
eeeeeeeeeeee
Its called genjutsu
SHAME! SHAME!
gas ayeee
they all got beards now
Bruh the first poison was more than enough why?
Drink every time Desmond says “I have to win the fight”
"Do you know what you're talking bout?"  "No"  Aw yeah he ignorant
"You put the poison in the sunlight?" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
new Anime House boutta be fire i can tell
Good vid 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
attack on titan? nah we got defend on midget ya dig ma boi
Fugo isn't like that
Can you make a video on gunpla?
I swear to god for wvr reason every time I’m bout to take a fat shit and I’m in the toilet yall upload a video 😂
Ghost of Desmonds’ daughter: Did you do it? Desmond: Yes.. Daughter: what did it cost? Desmond: 17 Whales...
"You know whatchu talkin bout?"  "No"
Akame ga kill
😁😁😁😁
He really said.............Thank you.
Just Drink lots of Sugar water like Baki and you’ll be fine
Gotta get that iconic "pulse" effect when someone has something woerd happen to them lol
Love he say u are selfish kill me lol
That nigga said the poison is in the air😂😂😂
But what about mc powers?
Somebody’s mom: you see that jimmy, that’s why you need to go to school
Why is the sound so crispy like I can even hear the grass crunch
Yo the part when Leland just fell over was hilarious
The truest villain
Mark acting lesson... if you’re gonna fall please fall don’t 1/3 fall actually sell the fall bro cmon now
WELL EVEN SO
Sasori?
Lol 17 whales though 😂
😂😂😂😂😂
You killed god and all the family and kids in the world and your own 10 person family was it worth it   Desmon:they had to die
Mfs are so funny 😂
#IHaveToWinTheFight
You hoed 16 other whales 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Des got as fucked up trying kill krystal like that who going to take care of her!!!
This was inspired by the ending of Devilman Crybaby
@3:29 When the light reflector hits too strong lol
Evil smirk.
That means he's not the main character
*Your right, but Ill still have my poison..." 😂😂😂😂
"you got a family" "Yes" "Fuck em huh" XDDD
Fairy Tail's Cobra: Well great! now I'm hungry!
I love they just having human conversations about how he is ruining the planet
17 whales 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is exactly what happened between shinji and aizen
Still waiting for video game house 5
im crying LMFAO
ROFL 🤣
I see ya'll using the gold side of the 5 in 1 reflector, maybe try just the white side. Use an ND filter too. Great stuff!!!!
It’s “no but it’s basically poison” for me💀💀💀
A "necessary  sacrifice". Is that what Des calls spending time with Krystal?
Poison only criticals remind me of my old warframe days 😂
Desmond's awkward smile made this video
DESMOND THE 🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
🤣🤣🤣 dude I always be thinking about this 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
hes beating goku
"Do you know what you talkin' bout?" Des: "No but it's basically poison, that's all that matters" . . . had me dead hahah 3:05
Hero :  “ you put poison in the air 😧”   Villian : “ Some of you may die but that’s a sacrifice I’m willing to make “
This nigga different 😂UV light bruh
That 17 whale thing reminds me of when chrollo scratched killua's dad in hxh lmao
So true
@RDCWorld1 that was freaking hilarious!!
Boro lol
Why you gotta kill 17 whales tho🤣🤣🤣
🦄 https://youtu.be/SfuvPxZEqwA
This is the first time I've seen someone did but express pity for the living LOL
most evil line in the world “yes”
Bruh if y’all would’ve put a bubble guts poison in 😂
My girl Shinobu uses poison
Reminds me of the demon slayer manga. To beat this one guy (no spoilers) they used a poison. Only the poison had like 20 uses. Everytime the bad guy thought of a new plan, they were like, nah the poison stops that from happening.
this was the longest 4 minute video of my life 😂
“ U have a family ..oh fck em huh ?
This video is so GOOOOOOD yo.. it's 💯 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hi
You ho’d the other 16 whales 🤣🤣🤣
“I have to win the fight” 😂😂
Lol
collab with @calebdigital PLEASE
Lmfao he was just like: Yes.
I put it in sun light😂😂😂
But ... but the power of friendship
They always making desmond a menace to society😂
Bruh Orochimaru
That villain who thinks poison is a personality trait. Yet every poison villain I see is either a side villain or a total idiot. I'll stick to ice or something
Note to Protagonist: - Walk...away...bro. The poison only works when you attack
Please collab with Berleezy again 😭🙌🏿🙏🏿
What kind of cam are you shooting on? If you don’t mind
I need animated ver of this yall
This is why i only support environmentally friendly, sustainable, gluten free, local poisons.
when i saw the title I automatically thought of maYuri kurosutchi
Lol instantly thought of Ryuukou Yanagi from Baki.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
*3:32* "they have to die"  *mark in the background* : "ohh"
17 Whales 😂😂😂
Yes?
“Fuck em huh?”
This got Inuyasha all over it 😭
The front subject lighting going dumb in this one ❗️
It must be strong enough to pierce melanin
On me they be like that
You killed 17 whales ?
Bruh the Sun ting reminded me of Toriko, Insane giant ass bird spits a Sun and he hovers over it, anything swallowed by the shadow of the bird would die with insanity
You the realist villian
"I PUT IT IN THE SUNLIGHT!!!!!!"
Desmond stay hoing Mark.
It’s been 20 minutes and I’m still literally crying tears laughing at this 😂
"You hoed the other 16 whales (°-°" he said it so casual like really
0:44 that poison wasn’t that damn strong 💪🏾..they had a whole damn Documentary about whales and the effect on the environment 😂😂
Lmao HINT HINT HINT HINTS😂😂😂😂
yes
17 whales? Why the extra 16? 🤣🤣🤣
When you going to do a anime house video
Shinobu in a nutshell
How strong is he
rip whales
how he gonna kill more people if all the people dead he just gonna get old and die lol
We want anime house back
Magellan from One Piece be like:
Y'all forgot how they just walk away and expect the poison to defeat plot armor and the team goes on a quest for like a 30000 year old artifact that can cure the poison but could only be used once or sumn
😂😂😂😂😂
Best one for me by far my new favorite lmao 😂
I need to win the fight
😭😭😆😆
Villain really doing tha most 🤦🤣🤣🤣 the sun brah 🤦🍿💥💥💥💥🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Desmond is just a menace to society
this video is 4k??????
Sasori moment
Fact: You have all the time in the world to talk at least 😂😂😂
yo said that last one hit deferent
Poison users be tripping
Aye y’all niggas got some new cameras
“Yesss.”
1:46 why is this literally me whenever i walk around my dad and brother istg they be farting whenever i come close 🙄🙄
Why the fuck would it be 17 Whales🙃🤣
💯✊🏾💪🏾🖤✔🤣
You hos know you can just upload anything and rack up views. LOL
what the frick is the dude and poison is he a god dam super snake that sprays poison in the air or a bigger version of the dude in bleach with the poison bonkai     haaaaa
Rip the dude who tripped on grass.
I am kinda curious now. How tf do they know a king cobra can kill like 10 elephants or whatever
lol
I like the likes to drink dislike ratio
Nobody:  Luffy in the impel down arc:
The way he said “yes” had me rolling each time
Desmond gets more diabolical each video 🤷‍♂️😂
Title makes no sense
I’m questioning why this nigga got more than 1 posion
Mark said "he was a ignorant villian" 🤣🤣🤣    Edited: this is also reminds me Captain Mayuri. Dude be killing his own squid members with bombs and not even give af. His bankai is a gigantic posionous baby that looks like a catepillars with zanpukto poking out its chest that literally breathes poison. Of course he is immune to the posion.
Y’all used the stream money?
Mark wasn't even angry by the end.  He was surprised and impressed with the overkill.
😂😂😂 u hoed the other 16 bruh
RDC world = 🐐
Kabuto mad as hell right now
Desmond be playing too many villain roles.
this a new camera cause this shit HD AS FUCK
Bruh I’m dying laughing 🤣 🤣🤣🤣
Random Nigga-san walked right n2 the trap, R.I.P
🤣🤣🤣
3:57 "Yeah. Yeah, you tripping though." The way he said that shit was funny asf.
This makes me think of goku vs frost
Yes
Mark:  Desmond: *YES*
Do a skit when a side character dies everyone’s sad they can’t bring him back but when the main character dies there’s some secret resurrection technique 😂
😂
2:07 got me weak😭😭😭
"No humans would survive more than one whale"   *CONTINUES TO MOVE*   Meaning my boy Desmond was in the right. Accuracy was key 😏. Though it failed
😈
Out of the whole group, Desmond is the best villain, like with the confidence smirk and the common explaining their plans, it just works the best
This is literally Demon slayer, IYKYK
Its basically Poison
This y’all funniest video🤣
6352272210
I’m soooo dead🤣🤣🤣🤣
Desmond being calm...and playing a villain role...that's scary
Hahaha
The most op villain in history
RIP to the 17 whales who died making this video 🙏
Not the environment 😭😭
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 odorless poison , sunlight poison 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Im dead 🤣🤣
You've mastered the anime close-up, whoever is handling the camera.
Des always the villain like let bro be good for once
bruh this shit had me on the floor
I have to win the fight!😭😭
Swear to god it only effects them after they stop talking
Lmao I would've just killed myself with my own sword by that point...
Desmond was finna laugh 😂😂😂
4:09 guy drives by poisoned and doesn't even know it! 🤣🤣🤣
It's a necessary sacrifice
my fault og
U ignorant 😂😂😂😂
Sasori 🦂
Disliked, wasn't 8-10min
Them 17 whales did not deserve death 😭
“I’ll still have my poison” Bro what!? 😭😭😭💀💀
Wow no wooow youz a villain bru you are a villain...
Leland's grunt before he died!!! roflmao!!!
Shoutout to my niggas Sasori and Mayuri
Awesome
Desmond ain’t shit bro.. 😂 The BEST villain in cinematic existence! I don’t even know why y’all keep fighting him like he’s not gonna win the fight. GGs homies!
Man’s ideology is lost lmao
It's in the sunlight I'm dead🤣🤣🤣
That damn laugh everytime the poison kicks in 🤣
FATALITY
Mark : wow you a villain fr , you the realest villain   Desmond : Thank you 😂
"You got a family?" "Yes" "Fuck em huh?"
Yes
this reminds me of Mayuri Kurotsuchi from Bleach
17 Wales ?  Wait how do you know that
Amazing
“ we both gotta live here bro” lmao
Moment of silence for the 17 whales....
PETA has entered the chat
yes
1:00 true 😂😂😂
🤣🤣🤣
I wanted to like this so badly that I double tapped the video forgetting I'm on youtube. *A1 Video!!!*
Silva vs Chrollo Enough poison to kill a whale
SCP-001 type beat
3:30 is perfect every time
"you hoed the other 16 whales" hahahaha
Like I'm just Gone  die
😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Its the selfishness for me fuck the family @3:24 😂😂😂
You the realest Thank you🙏🏾
🤣😂🤣😂😂😂😂🤣😂😂😂😂🤣😂
The swirly visual killed me
Lmfao i need the sword, so I can cut people, and then poison them. Bro ain't your poison airborne and UV specific?
Why tho? 😂😂😂😂
Yes 😂😂
Desmond forever stuck as the bad guy and he owns it 😂
And then there’s a flashback of their life and how they should never give up 😑
😂😂😂
This man be doing the most...👀👀🤣😆👌🤦‍♂️
“We gotta both live here” 😂🤣😂
Every time they hit the mc once and just stand from a distance you know the mc got hit with poison
you got a family fk em huh
Me: Brother,sister rock world post
This is some akame ga kill shit
Mark: *long ass questions* Desmond: yes
He could just let him win the fight so other people will not die
😆
In RPGs, isn't poison supposed to make u go down all the way to 1 HP, but u still live? lol.
This is Akame ga kill in a nutshell
Desmond will forever be the villain of every rdcworld skit 😂
The way he keep saying “yes” is killing me 😂😂😂
desmond really made the whole planet go extinct for just one fight
🤣🤣🤣🤣17 whales! My man's was still fighting all three poisons !!!💪🏽💪🏽💪🏽
17 whales 🤦🏽‍♀️🤨‼️
top 10 anime fights
The first part is Stain
giv buddy a potion for his hairline
You got a family Yes
yes
I love how Desmond is just 🤷🏾  Through this whole situation
Mfs in anime swear they on edibles when they get poisoned
"He scratched me, but he didn't even break skin"  say that again, but slower.
If this ain’t the truest thing I’ve ever seen
Rest In Peace 😂
LMAO I almost choked on my fucking water 17 whales tho 🤣  This video is hilarious as usual 🤣🤣🤣 Damn poor Leland
Askin Nakk Le Vaar from Bleach be like:
10/10 LMAOOO
“Ain’t no point in telling you nun huh?”  “Oh u just ignorant? Ard”  I felt that
It's funny how Mark's characters in these kinds of skits just comes off as some random black guy in an anime universe
Wide Desmond has arrived
I lost it on the third poison lmfao 🤣🤣🤣🤣
The fact that homie was still standing after that 17 whale concoction is why more than 17 whales should have been gulagged
kankuro vs sasori
“You just hoed the other 16 whales”😂😂
Lmao
Lmao
Mans said thank you lol
I’m not first  And I’m certainly not last But when rdcworld uploads  *i click fast*   I slick stole this no cap
Desmond's delivery was on point. 😂
He wouldve survived if he pulled out his hair and wrapped it around his arm
🤣🤣🤣
It just got so solemn at the end.
“You got a family?” “Yes.” “Fuck em huh?” “Th-They have to die” I’m dead 🤣🤣🤣
Complicating anime villains 🦹‍♀️ lol
Good
“You hoe’d 16 other whales” and when bruh randomly died walking in the field I fuckin lost it 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Killua Zoldyck: is that all you got?
The antidote is the *power of friendship*
😂🤣😂🤣🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
lmaoooooo!!
“Yes” 😂😂😂😂😂
No one:   Desmond literally every time he answers:  Y E S
Looking at cooler
Gonna say the truth, aint feeling this vid. Felt pretty weak.
Shinobu be like:
So that's what Meruem must have felt like.
Sounds like Erwin win he said a sacrifice need to be made
We need more calm villain desmond videos!
2:58 "Man what does that meeean bruh?" 😂😂😂😂😂Mark is so done
desmond got that extra powerful chrollo knife
Can’t wait for that Blake griffin video
When I saw the thumbnail I thought it was something rage was reacting to
Yes
This is one of your best videos! Excellent!!!!
0:10 1:35 2:35  these three parts in anime with swords always happens and I don't get it LOL
Stg they always got my boy Desmond as the universal felon
"I put it in the sunlight" How!? How tf did you do that!?
8 years of waiting for them to miss
As soon as there’s a nigga w poison, ur already knowing there’s stages to that shit 😹
There's enough poison in one gram to paralyze  15 blue whales. 😂😂😂
Bro when are they gonna write an anime series, or movie.. Lmaoo I’m down to watch that shii
🤣🤣 yo rdc don’t miss fam
Lol can tell Desmond been ready to be an anime villain since a young age
So if it can kill a whale wouldn't the hero already be dead?
*I bet his flashback was like:* He was bullied in school, and a kid rubbed a plant on him and gave him a rash. Ever since then, he studied how to create this Poison and make sure the world will suffer.  He started by poisoning the bullies, then the teachers and then the principles. "Its a nessecary Sacrifice"
He might’ve killed one whale and just made it 17x stronger.
Mans legit killed everything on the planet including his family just to win a fight. He truly is evil.
Chrollo moment
He would still probably die when he runs out of the antidote
"You're ignorant" honestly that's bare disrespectful I wouldn't have it
Stuff it im using my ultimate weapon.  50 cal BMG to the face fired by my friend code named "mr Sniper"
I get why Desmond did it though, Mark has plot armor so it makes sense
Is it just me or could ya''ll also notice the crispiness of this video?
Rest In Peace lmao
Weebs who dont come out of their room. Weakness disgust me
Leland rlly got dropped tho 📸💀
“I had to make sure it worked”-poison users after killing a fourth of the population
😂😂😂😂😂😂
Nobody: Every Caustic Main: imma make more poison and get more powerful!!!😂🤕
That chuckle 😂
I was like why are you arguing with why. LOL I wouldn’t question it I be like yeah he a villain.
Is no one talking about how fly that headband is? where can we buy Baby Dunk headbands?
i mean the sunlight think is kinda real.
Desmond: ...yes
He's a villain but killing 17 whales is too much.
17 whales is NUTS bro
Mark stood right up when he found out Desmond was hurting other people 💀
This dude dedicated asf to win a fight
He won the war not the fight
Yea we not rocking wit him out here messing with the environment and shii‼️
"you put the poison in the sunlight!??"
lefty loosy righty tighty uppy buppy downey dooney
“You got a family? Fuck em’ huh?” Made me spit out my fucking lemonade lmaoooooo 😂😂😂😂😂
no
🤣🤣🤣🤣
yes
so facts
That camera and audio quality crisp
yes
Yes
“You got a family?” “Yes” “Fuck ‘em, huh?”
Poison and sunlight, isn't that basically cancer
This was perfect lol yes
Lol you boys never miss.
Bro in most mangas I read the poison guy gets glanced over lmfaoo. in reality that nigga is murkin everybody.  Unless ofc it's one of those mangas where everybody gets "immune" to all poisons after a certain rank... they do that cuz they know poison is fucking hacks.
You really hoed the other 16 whales
dreamville shirt I peeped
Basically Hero Killer Stain
Starring: Wark and Wesmond
deezam that poor npc....
"I have to win the fight" 🤣🤣😂😂
"I put the poison in the sun light" bruh💀
This was brilliant I needed a good laugh solid intertainment this really displays comical depth.
He in allll white onna grass🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️🤦🏽‍♀️
When he forgot there was gonna be nobody left
I'm dead! 😂😂😂💀💀💀 Ain't no point in telling you nothing, you  ignorant! You just a ignorant villian.
When did Desmond Johnson _of the Thundercloud_  become so selfish? He used to be the main character.
😂😂😂
The venom venom no mi fruit user be like
3:35 he over here attacking like eren
“You hoe’d the other 16 whales” 😂💀
Lol
*cough cough* AKAME *cough cough*
3:28 “U got a family?” “Yes” “Fuck em huh” “They Have To Die” 😂😭😂😭😂😭
He went out like Leonard Washington "your mother wasn't shit"
Got slightly hit ...whole world fucked up 😂😂
Des is the best villain
One word *POISON*
Villain: *holds hero underwater* "It's basically poison."
*Killua has entered the chat*
That was unironically cool
Naruto be like..
What's the moral lesson of the story.
You ignorant🤣🤣🤣
hahah facts, them villains be on that random poison bullshit
when desmond gonna be the hero lol
Everyone that disliked have obviously succumbed to Villian Desmond’s most atrocious poison: hateraid
Can you guys miss just once???
Fr some villains be lame af like bro I’m just tryna fight you like why you got all these tricks up yo sleeve like that smh
my boy Sasori be like
This gives me calebcity vibes
*Laughs in Killua*
You have a Family: Ahh yes but they have to die.
Brooooo this skit is fucking awesome lmfao.
“Ain’t no point in tellin you nothin, You just ignorant...”
Mark: "Do you know what you're talking about? Desmond: "NO"
That is poison is rpg
Love going head to head in combat but when the enemy gets poisoned and immobilized, he just stands there and monologues rather than finish him.
“I have to win this fight” 😂😭😭
So we not gonna talk about how smooth Leland's acting was when he fell
P-p-p-poison!?!?
Did you win?: yes And what did it cost?: 17 whales
Desmond be like "Pussy is temporary, but poison is eternal!"
2:09 Bruh Leland Was Casually Strolling Minding His Own Business While Two Ppl Are Fighting & Just Instantly Gets Caught Up In It & Dies From Poison😂R.I.P😭💀😭💀😭It’s Just Funny Af Cuz He Was Paying Absolutely No Attention & Just Dies💀☠️💀☠️
"we gotta both live here"
The extended length of dying and never ending commentary was very much anime 👏🏽
Lol peep the way this Nigga ran 0:08
Why would Desmond Johnson do all this?
17 WHALES my niggas?!?! That's impossibly great (in my best Drip Bayless impersonation)
headband merch?
"I kinda feel bad for what you're saying but, I have to win the fight"😂😂
😂🤣😂
I aint gon lie this shit was trash lmao
Anyone else notice he sound like his impersonation of doc rivers when he's dying?💀
But its basically poison and thats all that matters
"I have to win the fight."
How Mira was like to Arisu at the end of alice and borderland 🙈😔 iykyk
Imagine if one of these guys lands a role in an actual movie 🤣
I have to win the fight 😤
“yes.” 😹
I wish he had just said poison instead of yes
Desmond going full Palpatine
He died because he wasn’t the main character or.. he’s not dead and he’s gonna get a op asf transformation
I haven’t laughed like this in a hot ass min 🤣
You've heard of Shiro T Poison...  Now we bring you Nigga T Poison.
“I put it in the sunlight”  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
“You a villain like forreal, you the realest villain”  Desmond: “Thank you”  Golly😂😂😂
He hoed everyone. And for what? Some Jordans?
Yo son. Yall should make an anime with all you guys as the characters doing this! This is hilarious 🤣. Serious with comedy involved
evil desmond vs redshirt menace i wonder who winning that
The truth is..I don't believe that any anime skit should be acted if Desmond ain't there.😂
Lmao this was good
Imagine those 16 whales being delivered at his doorstep.
"That's some weak shit..." had me ROLLING 😭
yall never miss
I don’t know why I was expecting him to be immune to poison like killua
I think he’d like poison type Pokémon
0:40 whenever I hear that in biology I think the same thing...
0:32 “This little scratch? I’m not even that ashy!” That would’ve killed me😂
I thought this was a yourage video from the thumbnail
To this day he still looking at I'm like 🤨
Do they have a lipstick jujitsu
You hoed the other 16 whales 😅😅
literally Luffy vs. Kat 😭
My problem was always that the villain still somehow lost after poisoning the shit out of the protagonist. Like wtf is that anime bullshit. Just die to the 17whale poison.
...17 whales?
i just don't get how villians are impervious to they're own abilitites
reminds me of when that nigga in bleach made bro freeze in time for 1,000 years from poison
bro this funny🤣accurate
"This poison can kill 17 whales"  "Well, I'm not a whale"
The environment bro🤣😭
Why did this video feel longer than it is? 😂😂
They way he kept on saying yes 💀
Nikka Desmond to op
Y'all did too much, anime's dont drift off to another conversation mid battle the way u did it, messed up right there
All anime poison has gotta be alcohol with the way everybody be getting faded off it
I was waiting for mark to be like, " so when this is over you not gon have no hoes"
Forget asking how he poisoned the sunlight, how'd he know which poison taking effect? 😭😭
Desmond best villain
Dang how many poisons do you have. Or are just bs me.
"You ignorant you a ignorant villian'
u guys never fail to make me laugh
FOR THE FIGHT THO FAM 😂😂😂😂😂
Where tf is leland man
"That's selfish" LMAO WHY HE SAY IT LIKE THAT?😂😂😭
Ha akame go brrr
"Ain't no point telling you nothing you ignorant" ☠☠☠😂😂😂
"I put it in the sunlight" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
THE SUNLIGHT?????????????? LMAOO
:0
Well technically he needed those poisons because the first few didn't work a man was taken all of them and still coming after him so I guess he knew he was doing right LMAFO
"Yes...it's a necessary sacrifice...yes...i have to win the fight" LMAO like dawg the funniest right now "yes..." 😄😄💀
“ you got family “  “ yes “   “ fuck em huh “ 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wow he spams poison to win every fight? Damn that's toxic.
yo this is one of the best as of late... ded
Rip to the 16 whales that died for no reason whatsoever
Mark be smoking them grape swisher sweets
He shoulda just killed 1 whale and used 17 times the dosage smh
"I have to win the fight"
you got a family? fucc em
What kind of villain are you 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Poison should be banned. It harms the environment too much.
The laugh, I can't 😂
“His sword must be dull”😂😂😂😂😂
*coughs pannacotta fugo*
That’s how it be 🤣
yes - Desmond
This legit only happens to side characters and they end up slowing down the crew
Xd this is way to funny I’m here dying
"Its a Unnecessary sacrifice"
“You just ignorant”😂😂
I had to win the fight😂
“ Do you know what you Talkin bout ?  No “
Lol magellan from one piece
Anime villains that use poison, hypnosis, or mind control are hoes.
Almost every secondary naruto villain
Desmond is always the villain 😂😂
Uv? How? 😂
MASAKA
Legitimately, this is absolutely accurate and hilarious
he would only kill half the earth, theres night time
The whole earth is dying, but that guy is just chilling in his car 4:10
Dude they are so smug like we get it you are kinda smart
*Orochimaru has entered the chat*
Ah ugh ahh..😂😂😂...poison kicking ass
after everyone die he's just gonna poison more whales
Akame ga kill b like
never seem to miss 👍
3:12 you just know he was trying not to laugh
Kill la kill be like LMFAO
look at the character work!!!
🤣🤣🤣🤣 " You just a ignorant villan "
😂😂😂😂
He had to give Des that one last look of disappointment 😂😂
goats
Yes
Cobra, Ceasar Clown, and Sasori of the red sand
the lack of music in this makes it even more better imo
THIS IS GIN
😂😂😂😂😂
noone: des: yes
This man killed 17 whales to test a poison. That's pure evil.
Bruh this was hilarious “pointless to say anything else you just a ignorant villain”😂😂
"I-it's a sacrifice that I need"💀☠💀
Desmond is a menace to society
I have to win the fight
The whole point of having more poison than necessary is to kill faster. Like a spider does need to kill an elephant but anything that's not an elephant gets instakilled.        Still a funny video.
....I enjoyed this
Yyoooooo I died when Leiland just fell over. Wasn't expecting that. Funny as fuck.
😭😭😭
Caustic would be so proud
You know you gon' be one of the main anime villains when your name's Desmond Johnson
🔥🔥🔥
“You killed 17 whales??” 😂💀💀💀
Sound like some dragon ball shit the villain take 13 minutes to explain they plot that be half of the damn show 😂
Dawg....Yal GOAT100
🤣🤣🤣
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Alternate title: if the protagonist actually thinks logically
Poison in the sunlight?? 🤣🤣
How to kill anime with logic 🤣 wth
Bruh the way leland died 😂😂💀
You better be training to get your J's back!
Went from demon slayer to a environmental awareness psa
caustic mains be like
That person and their dog at 4:09 is immune from the poison 😵
“That’s selfish”😂
Wasn't there a character in Hunter x Hunter whom killed someone by poisoning them with Oxygen?
Rip the 16 whales
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣!
Laughing in tears 😂😂😂😂
i can’t help but think of mayuri kurotsuchi after watching this lol
Camera looking real nice !
I put it in the sunlightttttttttt !!! That mean it’s basically poison ☠️😂😂😂😂😂
Rip them whales 🙏🏾
4:15 me when a db fan says its the best anime of all time
“Cough cough” Shinobu, Akame......
Better keep God in y’all hearts and souls my boys🙏🏾💯
YALL POSTED!? YESSSS
This the BS Scarecrow does to batman for no reason
You brought me back to the naruto days😂
I might be the only one but why mark sound like Lala from black lightning 😂😂
DESMOND WITH HIS SMIRK 😭
Yo just like anime, homie needs a sword to activate his poison until he activates his odorless airborne poison and his sunlight poison. My bet is on friendship and teamwork.
this has strong calebcity vibes
he never realized that if he kills everything, then he will die of hunger. this makes me question why do anime characters even use poison.
Did he get the rainbow flower that I always see my friends eating to make that poison
"We both gotta live here." We? I just poisoned you, the environment is above you now.
Why does this remind me of the Kankuro and Sasori fight? 😂
Omg lmfao yoooo I'm dead best skit ever
LMFAO
Desmon always the villain😭😭
Nah LMFAO..... “YOU PUTNTHEBPOISONINTHESUNLIGHT”
Desmond is really obssessed with his poisons 😂
So everybody who’s in the sunlight gon die
👏🏼 🤣🤣
3:29 "You got a family"  "Yes" "Fuck 'em, huh?" "Yup" 😂😂😂
Who seen hunter x hunter season 3 episode 14. “.1 milligrams of this poison can paralyze a whale😂😂 that’s the first thing I thought about when Desmond said 16 whales
I'm surprised he didn't tell him about the poison of his voice
Imagine how cringe/embarrassing it would be to people walking by these guys doing a skit
You just an ignorant villain😭🤣
Damn these poison users not caring for the environment! 😤
Ideo game house??
"it doesn't matter I'll still have my poison 😤"
Desmond is a top 10 villain of all time 😂
akame ga kill😭
You hoed the other 16 whales💀
*Main character plot armor kicks in*
“You won”
This is tuff
🤦🏾‍♂️🤣
This is more life "When you judge the villain's actions to win"
Wow, I was so excited for this video. But after I watched it, I kinda realized. God damn they are absolutely correct. What kinda pussy ass bitch uses poison huh? I mean come on, thats some weak shit. Thats like playing a game, but instead of choosing the easiest difficulty, you download the hack that makes it even easier, and you dont even have to do anything. Then you brag about it and act like your a god. Its so stupid, just like this poison shit. Nevertheless good video, and you deserve a like.
I amplified the UV rays LMAOOO
Where did they get their swords tho i want some im tryna be on my zoro shit
camera hitting 4k gd
The was funny as heck 🤣😂, n This my favorite video so far, I laughed through the whole video
That "Rest in peace" yellout tho😂😂😂😂
he needs to be a villain in a movie bruh 😂
No cap that first sound fx caught me lacking 🤣
Well the UV ray one isn't too far off lmaooooo the sun actual causes mutations in dna along with of course cancer.  Where sunscreen folks ooooor just be dark skinned 🤷🏿‍♂️
Sooo it's just 17 random dead whales 😂
4:16 "Ain't no point in telling you nothing. You ignorant."  Oh my god that was good.
😂😂😂😂😂
You know that huh?   Yes.
Desmond needs to have character growth and become a more responsible and sustainable villain
Is this off Baki lol
lmao “You put the poison in the sunlight?!?!” 🤣🤣😂😂🤣😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
Desmond looks like he's about to cry
Lol
The villain's subtitle be like: Yes. No.
Dude a menace like Dio Brando 😭
desmond acting skills on this one 🔥🔥🔥
Brrrahhhh we need more 4 min vids like this keep posting em brah.. just like this that extra 2 mins issss life...!!!
“I have to win the fight” the best answer lmao
"you got a family?" "yes." "fuck 'em huh?" me: *W H E E Z E*
“I put it in random spots on the earth” “That shit really weak” rotfl
Desmond was a hero until he said “I have a antidote for only me”
LMFAOOO “I put it in sunlight”
Nither straight masterpeice
He messin up eco systems we ain’t rockin wit that ❌
Caesar Clown be like:
That means it’s basically poison lmao
When he said “ you won” I thought he was guna say “ but at what cost “  Lol
Where bruh get the bandanas shit fire 🚫🧢
“Why did you just put poison in the air”
You're Villain Villain for real 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Lmaoooooo, not the sunlight 💀😂
“Like why tho “ 😂😂😂🤣 you killed 17 whales !?
Playing with little kids be like
About the amplified UV rays....yeah I’m pretty sure that’s just skin cancer.
You got a family?  Yes..
😂
Bro the fact that my mans Mark still act normal until he picks the sword...
Yeah you tripping tho , you won😂😂
Lmmfao!!!! Yo, Desmond best scene ever! Bring that character back one time fa da one timt!!! Lol
Yes
RDCWORLD1: You just killed half the universe! Me: yes I have to win the fight
Can't blame the guy. He just really likes poison.
"That shit is really weak" lmao
Reminds me of shit Frost pulled
Discussion of abilities in anime in a nutshell.
Poison - 10,000 power be like
The whales my nigga
"you got a family?" "yeah" "fuck em huh?" LMAOOOO
This is too funny 😅
How people use poison in real life: Bill Cosby
Desmond killed this
HAJAHAHAHAHAHA DEAD 💀
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Quirk: Enhanced ignorance.  Not soo funny now, is it?!
I lost it at the fall 😂😭😭😭
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Fun Fact: 16 whales got hoed in the making of this video
"oh i feel it its pretty strong" "HMMMMMMMMMMMM"
When Leland just dropped tho 😂
Dude went out
RDC hit that yourrage thumbnail
Shinabo from demon slayer be like 😅😅
1 wale would have been enough why kill the other 16
"You just ignorant.  You know that, huh?" "Yes." lmaooo
That camera quality is crisp bro
😆😂🤣🤣
He has to win the fight
BRUHHHH IM WEAK AS HELL!!! He said 17 Whales my nigga
Desmond was unusually chill in this skit🤣
I love your videos man RDCworld1
"I.. I have to win the fight"
the lady behind the pole at 4:07 is to strong
Keep the anmie love it
posion exist       killua/ I took that personally
Bruh that random civvie died in less than a second, how strong is the protag to last this long
“ the sunlight “ 😂😂😂😂
This one actually kept getting better. Great writing job.
Yes.
“This poison is enough to kill 17 whales” “I wanted to be accurate” 😭😭💀
He won, *but at what cost.*
The first video everyone isn't screaming lmao love the noise cancelization
Desmond the greatest villain of all time
Bro he said you selfish
R.I.P to the one guy he was just an innocent bystander
Convinced this nigga is God. Mans said he put it in the sunlight 🤣🤣🤣
Aint no point in telling you nothing...you ignorant 🤣🤣
This is Awesome,now I want to make poison
"You ignorant you know that right?"  *"YES"*
Lmao this a sasori deleted fight scene
You an ignorant villain lol
Lmao! "You killed 17 whales? Why though" LIKE for real!
Yes
Lol random places around the planet? 🤣
This villain is so crazy with poison 😂
Shino tip
Oh it’s pretty strong HHNNNNGGGG
Live action Sasori vs Kankuro
"You killed your parents, siblings, wife and children?"             yes
Desmond > Aizen
We needed CalebCity's dramatic panic music
niqqa put poison in the sun light lmaoooooooooooooooooo
Hello, it's me.
yes.....
this was you LOL, i seen you i was like why are these 2 grown men sword fighting
They really do be getting poison that kills multiple big animals in one dose, and the character just be chillin like they unaffected until they move
“I would never have beef with you if I knew you would go this far” 😭😭😂 facts yo
I have to win the fight
Yes
Faxxxxxx 😂😂
3:12 THIS FACE BRUH, IM DYING
Look at him😂😂
Sasori
They don’t miss
Hunter X Hunter reference
U have family they they they had to die 😂 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This too accurate lol
AYO he shook his head at death😂😂😂
The Doc rivers voice was bout to come out 😂
Love it but spitting blood is a must with poison in anime
“Yeth” 😂
Bro really said fuck the whales fuck the earth and fuck my family
Spoiler Alert:  He gave him the COVID vaccine
Dez ain't have poison bruh. He rlly had enhanced ignorance 😔
damn no ad at the end???
Yo yall shouldve had some people in the background and when the suns poison comes out they just all fall xD
[HXH] Then Morel is out here posining a lion by breathing.
Desmond: ha, looks like my other poison is taken effect Mark: ugh ahhh. wtf,  (Making dying noises, complaining while Still perfectly alive and moving) 😂😂
this is kinda facts tho
This caustic players from apex in real life 🤣🤣
DESMOND is a VILLAIN 😂😂😂
3:13 Desmond anime super villainous grin  on point 😂🤝
“Ain’t no point in tellin’ you nothin’, you ignorant” 😂😂
4:16 bruh I lost it when Desmond answers “...Yes” 😭😭😭
You the realist villain😂🤣🤣😂😂😂🤣
Hero - ain't no point in tellin you nothing, you ignorant, you just an ignorant villain....... you know that huh. Villain - yes  💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀💀
“You ignorant...you know that..right???”    Desmond: ..........”....YES....”  😂😂😂😂💯👍🏿👍🏿👍🏿🔥🔥🤷🏿‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️🌞🤼‍♂️
Poison type pokemon gym leader right there.
Desmond is so evil
bruh why was it so funny to me wen mark yelled off camera “YOU PUT THE POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT?”😂☠️
What headband is that?
Desmond caused a major climate change catastrophe, lol.
You hoed the other 16 whales 🐋
This is basically the zoldycks vs chrollo in hxh😂
Mark: u got a family? Desmond: Yes. Mark: so F em huh? Desmond: They have to die. I HAVE TO WIN!!! Me:LOL🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
“Their ain’t gunna be nobody left to fight” as car drives by
now how tf he find 17 whales
This feels like demon slayer
both of ya need to make some poisonous Chapstick
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOo im dying with this
...YAL NIGGAS THE GOAT BRUH,  IM CRYING REAL TEARS 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂😂
😂😂😂
Leland went out like a background ninja in naruto. Just sad as shit😂
XD lol this man was looking normal as hell and then plot happens and he gets sick lol
OOOOMMMMMGGG!!!!! 😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
He's going to make more powerful poisons, so that he can make something that even he can't cure. A necessary sacrifice to win his fight against his own stupidity
“You just ignorant huh?”.... “Yes”... that killed me lmao
Des about to poison God
LMFAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
You should also try making "people who try using their Titles in anime only to be destroyed by the MC"
One tenth of a milligram will poison a whale. - Chrollo Lucifer, Hunter X Hunter
4:06-4:16 sunlight is poison but a car 🚗driving by in the background lol 😆🤣
"That's selfish" 😂😂😂 sounded so done
You killing the whales, its a sacrifice lmao reminds me of Corona
Lol
That nigga down bad nah 🤣
y'all are in y'all prime right now
*The Cold War* in a nutshell
World Wild Life Fund be like when they hear this man kill 17 whales
Bro I got that sword off of Amazon just a few days ago
How could you dislike a video like this....... this is way too funnny
This nigga Mark should be “Samurai Black” 😭
Antagonist:Making serious dialogue and explaining his deep emotional backstory    Luffy,Asta,Ichigo,Natsu,Naruto,Gon: 0:50
Honestly, with innocent people dying in the background is a damn Cioccolata moment
😭😭😭😭
Kabuto be like:
He has a family and now they are dead because of that sun
bruh desmond gotta be good for once he always killing ppl
You forgot constantly spitting blood when they got poisoned
Thats really how it be like why not put it all together
“Why you got a sword if you gonna be using poison”💀
It’s okay you can just say baki
Castiel: Dean I love you  Dean: 0:28
Reminds me of crocodile vs luffy
Damn that was good
If we’re being honest. He should have poisoned more whales if it did that shitty of a job.
is them the prestos
YOOOO IM DEAD🤣🤣🤣💀💀 REALEST VILLAIN 👏🏾👏🏾👏🏾
Mhm just like the hero killer from mha he spent half his life training JUST to kill heroes but got the nerve to say he a good person😒
Mayuri Kurotsuchi from Bleach lookin at this like 😈
I wonder how many times the cops were called for a black man with a weapon
I like how they had a whole conversation about the environment and whales mid fight
Plot twist he poisoned him weeks before the fight and LeLand
are mark been going to the gym
16 whales got hoed Desmond truly is the greatest villain
“Fuck em huh?” 😭😭😭
Anyone here from "German in Venice" dead whale on the beach?
"Yes"
2:07 me after one Popeye's biscuit
3:24 when my sister ask for some of my food and I tell her no
Low-key thought this was a Yourrage vid from looking at the thumbnail 😅😅😅
Lmfaoooo Desmond don’t be tryna hold no L’s ... if y’all make a movie make him and Ben the villains 😭😭😭🙏🏾
0:10 Za Warudo
Mark: you are a villain you the realest villain  Desmond: Thank you😐
😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
Yoooo I'm crying 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I'm convinced he had 12  other poisons.
Damn, poison guy went all out full stop.
*I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT*
Desmond did the right thing. MC always find a way to survive so poisoning the sun isn't going too far. Good job Des
Mark: logic Desmond: yEs
They have to die so that my dream can live on
can’t wait for the next anime house episode
You a real villain ... thank you
It’s the ash mark on his arm for me 😭
mah man desmond
“it’s basically poison “ 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
This making me think of Chrollo with that knife 😆
😂😂😂... This is sooo hilarious... Awesome job!
Aka sasori vs kankuro but kankuro lost
“ that means it’s basically poison” 😂😂😂
"Ain't no point in telling you anything you just a ignorant villain you know that huh?"...."Yes" lmao
Ok
I think this says a lot about society 😔
Baki..
“I have to win the fight”😂😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭😭 random spots across the planet
Man amplified the UV ray, he gave everyone cancer
“They have to die” Agreed 🤝 A few sacrifices is ok
wait in the sunlight should he be dead 0-0
This man is on the squad who "Can kill Goku".
2:09 ayo!? 💀
BECAUSE IM F****** EVIL!!!
Look. I have to win the fight
“Ain’t point In telling you nothing you just a ignorant villain” 🤣🤣🤣
Desmond is the best villain😂‼️
You got a family Yea  Fuck em huh
Protect the whales guys 🙌🏽
Lmaoooo 😂 y’all are hilarious! It’s his damn smirking that’s killing me
Gotta love a "Woke" environmental ninja🤣
*does something cruel* "I have to win the fight. It's a necessary sacrifice."
“..Yes.”
everybody is dying the sunlight and am I the only one who saw the guy walking his dog after they said that
“You just a ignorant villian...you know that huh?” 😂😂😂😂
He had to win the fight 🤷🏿‍♂️.
😂😂😂🙌🏽
Mark: You won but what did it cost  Desmond: Everything!!  *Mark laying on the ground shaking his head*
2:07  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣that's funny asf noo capp 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Stop posting anime thats shits weird plus yall black 🤣
That new camera tho
"I amplified the UV rays" "it's basically poison", lmao yeah, uv rays cause cancer, so he's right, it's a poison with no antidote. can't blame him, like he's just the poison villain not a radioncologist
Great skit my guys yall always come with the fire 😆🤣😂
XD,great video
“We gotta boff live here”😭😭😭😭😭😭
“You’re just an ignorant villain, you know that right?” “Yes”
“Yes.”
genius
“Yes, it’s a Necessary sacrifice”
“You just a ignorant villian”😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂
Plot twist: This happened in 2 seconds of the fight
Orochimaru and kabuto
Y’all rocking with Whale genocide??❗️⁉️⁉️ 🐳
Man das fucked up
You’re the weirdest vilain Thank you!! 😂🤣🤣🤣
Yasa
Hero : “Do you know what you talking bout??” Villain: “No!”
cough* cough* Sasori like in Naruto Shippuden
You know a mf evil when they the reason behind When Day Breaks
How did he not die from the first poison?🤣
Bro I love how he’s just like yes to everything
Frost be like:
1:46 That sweat drop
Nice
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothin, you ignorant” 🤣🤣🤣
Sasori
😂😂😂😂
CalebCity and Desmond would make the perfect villainous duo.
Kudos to the protagonist for holding out to the very end.
“What kinda villain are you guys-like look...look at him” *collapses*
2:09 he just tryna live a normal life 😂😂😂
Why you doing this to environment like? 😂😂😂😂😂
Hunter x hunter btw
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣Yo chill yawl..💯🤣🤣yes
You ignorant, you know right.              Yep.
Just commenting for the algorithm
"You got a family?" 🤔 "Yes" "Fuck em huh?" 🤷🏾‍♂️
JUST Finished writing an essay about environmental issues... talks about environment and whales 😂😂😂
mark: how evil are you?! Desmond : *Y E S*
Yall forgot the slow mo, eye opening with the intense heart beat sound
"Look at him”😂😂😂😂😂😂
“Do you have a family? F**k em huh?” 😭😭😭
🤣🤣🤣➿🤣🤣No.. yes
“You’re selfish.” 😂😂😂😂😂
the car that passed by must've felt so powerful to not die
NANIIIII??????!!!
He won the fight
I'll still have my poison LMFAO
I thought this was a YRG reaction video...
insect girl in the demon slayer final arc be like
I feel like you really don’t know what your talking about 😂😂😂
17 whales 🤣. Desmond is the ultimate villain
Yo y’all better stop streaming Naruto on YouTube or you’ll get copyrighted
Am I the only one that keeps rewatching the video in the first 48 hours it’s released
Desmond must be strong in real life. He fought a pit bull with his bare hands and he has a metal jaw!
... yes 🤣
Another episode of Desmond being the villain
“Yes.”
Desmond Villian acting is to op. Best out of the group.
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you ignorant😂😂😭😭
Teemo player who built liandrys and demonic embrace
Lol, it really do sound like they are saying wells and not whales. I killed 16 whales, not wells
This guy poison everywhere
Ayo rq word one big loop ➿
What happened to the 18th whale? Mild brain damage or?..
That part where Leland just dropped LMAO 2:08
If you kill more people to make more poison, there ain't gonna be no one there because the poison is on the sunlight.   But I still need my poison.
*Y E S, I AM*
That footage cleeeeaaaan
Like that episode in adventure time in which Jake gets injected with a poison that can kill 50 dogs (or cows, cant recall correctly), kinda dark now that I think of it.
Plot armor and the power of the pen will somehow nullify that OP a** poison for the hero to win smh 🤦🏽‍♂️🤣🤣
😂😂
Ignorant lool
You were supposed to have the ending be an impossible plot twist thing Were he reversed the effect and it causes the villan to get poisoned or something...
The people that use poison are always the villains
Where da plot armor at?
im cracking up!!!!
😭😭😭😂😂
Akame lolol
Alternative title : how time stops in anime while dialogue is active
Best videos
Perfect example of plot armor 🤣 Random character/ Leland got dropped instantly, my guy 17 whales died and main character/ mark is still standing  Welp he died but finally and then the slow death after again my guy Leland got dropped instantly
Won't be killing the humans of this earth... Or me... 😂😂
"ain't no point in tellin you nothin you ignorant" *NARUTO DISLIKED THAT*
Poison ?
Mark: so errbody in the sunlight gon die Desmond:😈Yes Top tier villian
Ashy Mark
Sasori be like
😂😂😂😂😂
Saw the thumbnail and thought this was yourrage
He killed whales bruh, he ain’t valid.
Madara infinite tsukuyomi in a nutshell
At least he will have his poison
"You got a family, fuck them huh"
lmaooo,rdc never miss
T
Poison Desmond could actually beat Jon Jon 💯🤣😂🤣
Ah yes
Your a ignorant villain 😂
love the skits man.. much love from the netherlands
Bro I’m high af rn an this is killing me 😭😭😭😭
😂😭
Random dude: nothing Desmond: yes, they had to die, I had to win
“😏 hmhmhm yes😏” -Desmond
I bet desmond gonna put poison on different planets and black holes like chill 1 poison is enough lol🤣🤣
“I have to win the fight.”  “What did it cost?”  “17 whales”
Bruh when Leland fell down 😭😭😭
Desmond really the greatest villain of all time
This will be trending soon
Desmond tryin not to laugh😂
How mad at yourself do u have to be to dislike a video 😂it’s whatever tho this video was fire !!
This went from Chrollo Lucifer to Askin Nakk Le Vaar real quick
Odorless air: "yea he talking about the virus"
Bro I wish this was a real anime I'd watch with all day
that camera quality is too good!
Very nice
Desmond always kills every villain role
Lolololol
It’s all fun and games till this dude Desmond actually plays the villain
Mayuri Kurotsuchi would like to talk
Mark: Did you....?  Desmond: YES
WHOS POISONS SUNLIGHT 🤣
Please we need more of this
Desmond plays the best villains
Yeah poison characters suck 😂
imagine seeing these guys do this skit in public
Sucks when the character kills the poison guy but dies to the poison anyway.
Yes
10/10
4:09 guess the person behind walking his/her dog didnt feel the poison in the sun 😂
That thumbnail instantly made me think YOURRAGE.😂😂
The accuracy
Bruh why he killed 16 whales to use 2 other poisons lol. That made me die lol. Then they having a whole dialogue during the fight lol
Desmond is ultimate villain/ hood angry dudeee.
4:09 “There ain’t going to be nobody left to fight.”  You’re right, but I’ll still have my poison.
(1:50) What was that grunt!? 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😂
The legend of Desmond Legend has it Desmond is the reason the fire Nation tried to take over the planet
Deadbeat des at it again.
He making that Bernie Mac face when that poison hit him.
i thought u were saying wells lmao
Bro des is a menace bro 😂 “ he had nothing to do with the fight”
Desmond: I amplified the UV rays so it's poison  You did not poison him you gave him cancer 😂😂
Lmfao boy Desmond forever be on green light 😂
“You just a ignorant villain” 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Desmonds smug laughter is killing me 😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
“You put the poison in the sunlight??!!”😂😂
He was like ... "The Sunlight ?! You have family ?" 😂
"You got a family"  "Yes" "Fuck hem hun-" Lmao That was the 4th poison, laughter
So you're trying to tell me that you poisoned and killed 17 different whales, polluted the air,and killed the entire human race just to win a fight???? Desmond: Yes, he's just lucky I didn't use my sight poison that I put in my eyes
👉u got a family? "Fuck em huh"? Yo chill😂
w
Bruh isn’t that venom cuz it was injected.
This video should be called, "This is how weird anime is without music"
"You hoed the other 16 whales" nigga 🤣🤣💀
When will you guys finish the last hood avatar
Desmond the best villain 🤣🤣🤣
"Do you know what you talking about?"  "No but its basically poison and thats all that matters."
What does RDC not understand about "I have to win the fight"? He has to win the fight, plain and simple!
That weird dude from bleach is the first thing I thought of
This nigga Desmond hoed the entire earth to win a fight now that’s dedication 😭💀
What the hell?! He the Atem of Poison, he on some Yugi about to win the duel stuff.
I damn near died when he said I put it in sun rays lol
All he needs is poison
Bro this is the happiest ive seen Desmond LMAO
Wait if Desmond put poison in the sunlight how is it not affecting him
"If there is nothing else left to test my poison, I'll poison myself"
Desmond should be a actor.
🤣🤣🤣🤣
One whale would of been enough 🤣🤣
Shinobu be like:
"I amplified the UV rays. " "BRUH what does that MeAN?! "
you guys always drop fire, but these last few video have been next level!
"17 🐋"
Mark : Iight imma die now  Desmond: I POISONED THE AFTERLIFE TOO I MUST WIN THE FIGHT
FUNNNNYYYY AF!
I love this video lmaoooo
Plot twist: Desmond also poisoned this YouTube video.  Whoever watches it will be poisoned instantly.
Desmond beating goku🤣🤣🤣
GIVE US MORE LEBRON SKITSSSSS
Lol 😀😂
"do yu know what you're talking about?"  Desmond: *No but it's basically poison that's all that matters* 👁👄👁
Hey where is anime house 6 I’m waiting.
I honestly didn’t think they could get any funnier, but this has to be their funniest video yet.
God this is so true
Funny as hell!
Desmond is the best villain
I have to win the fight....
bro this dude
Leland fell like if he just got hit by a arrow in Skyrim
RIP LELAND JS TAKIN A WALK
😂 you guys have me dying over here
The weak poison characters always get rocked by that one dude whos immune to all poisons
🔥🔥🔥
So true
😂😂😂😂😂
I put it in the sunlight 🤣🤣
"Yes."
You got a  family?  Yes. Fuck em tho right?  I have to win.
0:11 *W   I       D        E*
how did he not die after the first poison that kills 17 whales! ahahah
Remember when Kankuro got finessed the same way by sasori lol
"I have to win the fight" 😂
“We gotta both live here”  “It’s a necessary sacrifice”
Isn't using poison on your Sword or Knife kinda cheaten tho????
Let's not get over the fact that plot saved him after being poisoned too many times.
When the hero and the villain agree with each other
The poison justifies the means🤣🤣
Thats not poison those Perc 3000's
It’s actually scary on how accurate this is...
Lmao I poisoned the sunlight 😂😂😂😂I can’t
"Anit no point in telling you nothing you ignorant, you know that huh?" "yes" lmaoooo
“I have to win the fight”
orochimaru disliked this
Desmond is the supreme villain
i cant believe he amplified cancer
He had to win the fight tho 😂
"You're...you're an ignorant villain.......you know that huh?"  "Yes..."
17 WHALES!?
Desmond a Fiend
You’re just an ignorant villain 😂😂
MARK GO CRAZY ON DIS LIFE KILLER!! Do it for nature, your friends, your dreams!!  U can’t forget about Ben Son & your dream to be hokage!!!
Des is 5/5 playing the villain role
I live the way they act
I fucking died laughing bro like that dude really gave no fucks
I had to win the fight.
Hahahahah 😂 "fuck em , they got to die"
"Oder less poison" so he just farted.
He ab to be naming 1 million poison’s
I don’t know how many times a villain has poisoned the hero and they just stand there.  Like bro shoot him!
I was expecting plot armor to save him
"I have to win a fight"😂😂😂
lol he said that shit fr
😂😂😂
“That’s selfish..” 😂  sn: need among us or Mario party video
Man, anime is weird, amirite?
Nobody:  Desmond: I have to win the fight!
"we both gotta live here" ha nope one of yall is finna be gone in a bit.
Bro desmonds smile got me
I don't know why but this video got such an eerie vibe to it
"I PUT IT IN THE SUNLIGHT" 😂😂😂😂
Yo when is the next anime house coming
This has to be my favorite villain of all time.
Desmond>every villain in anime
Poison is all anybody needs to succeed
Vegeta vs Frost be like
Desmond's face and voice just cracks me up.
This was very funny I can’t stop laughing
Better camera?
*disappointed to death*
Love the videos! Always help to make me and so many others laugh and smile! Let's get the video to 200k likes for their hard work!
desmond is a menace
Bruh Leland falling 😂
Desmond is the funniest villain/character in RDC he could just be standing there and I would laugh.  Edit: no lie tho this is the kind of villain I would be
"I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT...."🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️🤷🏿‍♂️AYE IT'S NECESSARY SACRI-😱😱😱CRAP...BREATHED IN....TOO MUCH.... AIR POISON....☠☠☠
Desmond has unlocked the title *The Greatest Villain*
Brooooooooo 😂😂😂
Like you could measure the mass of poison on the blade and divide it by the mass you use on the one whale and make a guess. Either with math you could figure out the ration
*Mayuri intensifies*
Bro I thought this was a Rage video by the thumbnail lmao
Desmond just love playing the villain
imagine this in Joel Haver animation
FR
When did their production get better camera angles the focusing on their face blurring the background, camera zoom ion 10/10
On god, I thought this was a yourrage video from the thumbnail
They don't miss
The won that's what count. Lol
💀💀💀
Is anyone gonna ask how is he alive? 😂
Yooo man that was fire. Been watching for years and this one of the best i swear
😂😂😂😂😂
I'm surprised Desmond doesn't have Black Forces under on his feet. This nigga is ignorant in every video.
Mark: *Moves*  Desmond: So you have chosen death.
Ceasar from OP:
This was too funny yo
Desmond don’t take L’s 😤😂😂😂😂
There is no winning against these ignorant villains 😂
Why did I think marks headband was the five kage symbols
Nobody:  Des: "I have to win the fight"
That's not poison that's some cocaine bro
Ayoo hope you see this love yall video probably like the best youtuber ever
Yes...
when leland fell that killed me
This is the first video that I have seen that's actually yellowing and talking like an anime character.
“ I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT”
Yes
That poison sound effect XD
Plot twist: the villain is actually good because he is starting  evolution early.
Desmond literally in the sunlight. Perfect lighting on him and everything. Hows he not dead?
LMAO
I just realized that Desmond looks like Rodney Hood 🤔👀
🎯🤣😂
3:20 I busted out my water. The way it just cuts to Mark getting up, and talking to the camera like he's making an infomercial, behaving so dissapointed that you're using a bad product. Yo.😭💀
I’m calling it right now 3:27 finna be a meme just watch
He must have gone thru a tragic loss in the past to want to win fights this bad
One of the best pair in Rdc
1 hour late ):
*P O I S O N*
Wow ultraviolet radiation poisoning '-' *blocks with spf3,000+dermal antidote, uses item< gasmask>, and increases the sunlight with pocket magnifying glass to purify the air through fire then uses self destruct so he loses anyways*
Dude is it just me or is Desmond almost *too* good at being a villain 😈
Plot armor really didnt help
I mean to be fair Mark was resilient asf no wonder the Desmond so paranoid with his poison spamming
Lmao imagine walking by them while they’re recording
🔥🔥🔥🔥
This video in one sentence: “Poison is life”.
Medicine Melancholy in a shellnut
He probably meant gaming whales 😂
2:08 He had nothing to do with the fight!
Desmond’s poisons must be trash considering how long the hero lasted 😂
bro was chilling one day and was walking up the park AND DIED he aint do nothin R.I.P
Desmond gave the world skin cancer to win the fight
#Rapperswithoutbarzchallenge
This poison ain't killing Jon Jon tho🤧
You got a family … yes .. fuck em huh 💀💀
https://youtu.be/X3M_04KPTts
Lmao so fuck em right?
He said “Thank You” 😂
YES! 😂😂😂
You just ignant, he has to win
This really Askin power from bleach.
He has to win the fight
Yeah that’s how that works
I have to win the fight 😤☠💀
0:41 is he supposed to be sasori😂
Menace 💀💀💀
'Poison is enough to kill 17 whales' 'How u know that?'  Excellent question
That reminds me of how Chopper reacted to Luffy getting poisoned and was unphased. Or even Mayuri from Bleach.  😂😂
"Yes"
Cant forgot the poison that only takes effect after the other poisons take effect
Lmfaoo that's facts
he just won every fight ever at once
my poison
The way Leland died tho😂😂😂😂
Poison!? 😏
"How evil of a villain are you?" Desmond: "yes"
So did he stop at whale 18 then realized that 17 was the go to number?
Caleb...    "My Organs...MY VITAL ORGANS!"
Later Jay finds put his brother is Desmond, Tehy together defeat the evil ninja afro rabot it is later revealed he's their dad but he's a human robot hybrid. The End
Lol “ do you even know what your talking bout anymore “
When you're in a phone call for service and you've been on hold after talking quick and then again. Anyone feel that?
Who you got in a fight goku or desmond ⁉️⁉️
i love these fools bro 🤣
why are these titles soooooo
i like the part when he says "yes"
Thumbnail look like sum yourrage would do💀💀
I love Desmond
Rest in peace.
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant, you just a ignorant villain” ☠️☠️☠️
🤣🤣
Rdc really goated when it comes to skits
Deadbeat des really going to sacrifice krystal like that
Mark “You got a family?” Desmond “Yes” Mark” Fuck em huh?” I’m weak asf man
Just straight up killed 17 whales for no reason... that's going too far, fucking with the environment like that xD
Desmond was feeln his self to get mind blown by Mark lol smh.... you know I wonder wat the random people be thinkn when they see them doin this lol
Just a man who loves poison XD
Random dude: “HGGRK-“
3:30 🤣🤣🤣
He slump
Yes!
😂😂
🔥🔥🔥
“ITS IN THE AIR”😂😂
You ignorant 😂
akame ga kill!  irl:
The way desmond say yes
Desmond could play the villain in any piece of media ever and outperform theyre current actors bet
“Yes” 😂😂 everytime he said that I died
You got a family? 😂😂😂
Desmond is way too good at being the antagonist.
How many poisons do you want to use in this scene Desmond?  Desmond: Yes
.1 milligrams of that stuff is enough to paralyze a whale
He the type of guy to poison death
You got a family? Fuckem right 😂😂
Fax.
Magellan from one piece is excatly like this
I thought I was watching a YRG video with that thumbnail.
"You're right but I'll still have my poison" And that's all that matters
looks like a damn rage thumbnail😂
It's basically poison 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
the dog in the background can survive!! love the video keep it up!!!
Sasori has left the chat
Rdcworld are goated🔥
Kills 17 whales* Protagonists: why would you do that? Villain: 🗿
Goko rn💀
Mc died from first poison everything else was a lie
17 whales? U only need 1😂
Killua: tis but a scratch
*dies in disappointment
This really how the ending of *NEON GENESIS EVANGELION* is, just a psycho analysis of every characters and their backgrounds
A certain magical spider girl
Lmaoo nigga facts
Nah this was hilarious “you just ignorant “😂😂😂
"I amplified the UV Rays" "What does that mean" I think that means cancer
Ah yes, the most powerful anime villiany, environmental damage, it makes sense tho these mc's be blowing up villages left and right during fights for no reason
“Why you gotta sword if u gone be just using poison?”  😂😂
...Sunlight...
The confident smirk on Desmond’s face while explaining his power lmao.
“ I amplified the UV rays” ???😂
You got a family... fuck em huh? LMFAOOOOO
I’m crying 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Luffy Vs. Magellan summed up
Camera quality is crazy!
“There’s gonna be nobody else to fight.  Yes but I’ll still have my poison.”
You hoed 16 other whales  lol
Imagine how many kids don't like desmond because they think he a villian fr. 💀
This wasn't as funny
GOATS
“You got a family?” “Yeah” “Fuck em huh?” I stg I’m in tears 🤣🤣🤣
He won.... but at what cost
I have to win the fight!
Desmond killin these villian roles recently 🤣🤣🤣 Yes🤣🤣🤣
Frost lol
They really be 100% accurate everytime
Desmond is the best villain in the anime house.
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing... you ignorant
What do you not understand he has to win
this was Sasori from naruto
Its all fun until the hero survives and gained resistence over the poison
“ I have to win the fight “            -Desmond
No one: Akame(OP Swordsman): “Pick your poison”
Mayuri be like 😂
"You hoe'd 16 whales tho...for no reason."
At least he admitted he was ignorant.
😂😂😂😂
MC didn’t died from poison, he died from enhanced ignorance.
Desmond bruh😐😂😂😂😂😂😂
“I amplified the UV rays”  The last time someone used UV rays as a weapon, a person was launched in space
“This small drop of poison can kill 402 lions, and a whole kingdom.”
Desmond got Purple Haze
Y so many poisons tho 😂😂
The thumbnail makes the video look like a meme compilation
one of the funniest I’ve seen lol 😂
The loyalty to J.Cole and dreamville is phenomenal
Not 17 tho 😂😂
All the poisons and millions of kills on Earth just to win a fight huh?? Ok
This is an amazing script/acting. Keep the shit coming ya'll🤣😂🤏
When the writer only focuses on progressing the plot
Wait till he swings and gets poisoned because the condition was it had to be a 70 degree angle travelling at a high speed
Is aks too much for a Caleb City colab?
Random conversation out of nowhere
“ you the REALEST villain” “Thank you”  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
They never miss
Woah
😂😂😂 this too funny
I appreciate you guys constantly pushing out new, and entertaining content! I enjoyed the video, but something felt a little off with the acting and lighting towards the end (after 2:55 or so). Keep up the great work and I am already looking forward to the next video!
Not accurate! YOU JUST HAVE TO CUT THEIR CLOTHES!
“You know you-“        P  O  I  S  O  N
My most powerful poison 😅😅😅 how many poisins do u need man? 😅😅😅😅
He really did everything to win the fight 🤣🤣
Y’all needa make a video titled “how anime side characters react when the protagonist loses their mind”
Idk why, but Leland just randomly falling in a field is funny as Hell!!! 😂😂 Spit out the whole blunt lmaooooo
That camera quality is crispy 👌
Funny part is...the poison magically appears every time the main character goes for an attack but he can have a two hour conversation unbothered 😂
Haaaaaaaaaaaaa
*Captain Kurotsuchi has entered the chat
Desmond number one villain in anime
Ah yes. Global Warning. The worst poison of them all
he poisoned the sun tho...
This has been the longest 4:30 ever
hero: do you know what you're talking about villian: no
He truly is the worst villain.
Mark: *YOU DA REALEST VILLAIN*
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant. 🤣🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣
Lol
When is part 6 anime house coming
Y’all should start a poison sunlight challenge 😂
I’m watching one piece and I just finished luffy vs crocodile 😂😂😂😂
Well, if the sunlight poison is temporary, half the planet will still be alive
https://youtu.be/qtgRY1tmmfk
Desmond is now my new favorite villain man no cap.
“You put the poison in the sunlight?! 🤨” 😭
U hoed the other 16 whales🤣🤣
https://youtu.be/wd-8Dq_RYqg
Nobody  Desmond “ I have to win the Fight! “
Sounds like  Thanos
https://youtu.be/qtgRY1tmmfk
I have an amazing sketch idea for you guys
Bro they had me rollin we they mentioned killing 17 whales 🤣😂
Damn dog 😂😂😂
Yes
I thought the video will be only 1 min and the rest will be talking but thankfully no
😂😂😂🔥🔥🔥
You hoed the other whales 😭
“you are the realest villian”  “thank you”  🤣💀
It's the " Yes" that's killing me..🤣🤣
S/o to mark and Leland for being fresh asl and still falling into the grass disregarding all stains😭💯
You killed 17 whales? 🐋🐳
Best video yet, hilarious and true
Mark:* says anything  Des: Yes
3:00 I’m crying I swear
Lol “YOU PUT THE POION IN DA SUNLIGHT?”   “yes” 😭😭😭😭
desmond a menace
He just likes poison.
This dude really had a calm conversation with villain about the environment in the middle of the fight😂😂
Always awesome skits
He got sasori type poison
aint no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant. LOL
Poison is super hacks lol
Fuck em huh 😂😂
Yes.
Anime dorks be weird as fuck like just watch the show and stop tryna take shit to real life nerd 🤣
This was luffy vs crocodile
The otakus will survive the first wave
Saaaaaaasoooooorrrrreeiiiiiii
“But u hurtin the environment ya know what I’m sayin”🤣🤣🤣
“Jes”
Dislike my comment
“You just an ignorant villain, you know that huh?”🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
At the third poison I was like "Really nigga"😐
This man the villain of all villains
Laaaaaavvvveeennnddeeeeerrrr
😂😂😂 “you know that huh”. “Yes” 😂😂😂😂😂
So Desmond is immune to the poison? hes taking sunlight and surrounded by the poison in the air.
"You have a family?....Fuck 'em huh?"
The thumbnail doe 😭
I mean the only one who would be alive would be Luffy because of that prison break arc
You got a family?? Yes. Fuck em huh?? 😂😂😂😂
any villian that kills there family are a threat for the main character
The Joker can learn a thing or two from this villian who mastered his fair share of poisons🤣 he might've even got superman with a poisoned sun
Yes!
Be real though, how often does poison work against anime protagonists? He needed them 17 whales and the three different kinds of poison, mans had a plan.
New videos coming up soon! The long ones! Like league of extra ordinary heroes! That’s probably the next major video coming out! let’s get this one too 200k likes though!
As villain, I have to say this video is toxic for our community.
LMFAOOOO this got me crying laughin
yes.
2:07 This man's a whole ass oblivion NPC
He stronger than 17 whales...
Man's danzo do anything for the right cause
BAHAHAHHAHAHAHAHAHAH
Its a sacrifice that I need.. yes.. a need..
🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋🐋
Villains always do all this, but for some reason the main character always finds a way😂
I had to win the fight 😂
Akainu: Kills people whos just trying to read about history. Plus hundreds of thousands of innocent people in a 20 mile radius Also Akainu: They have to die. I must win this fight. Nico Robin: Oh nah you just ignorant
If villains was as smart as him when they say they want to rule the world then there wouldn't be any sequels
Always Sunny time in them city or what???
Uvogin?
Yeah Spyderman and Freeze in full effect. You ready Ron?
Why is this accurate
Anybody else waiting on Demon Slayer Season 2?
*Evil laugh* This poison is strong enough to kill 6 ragging Bull! 🐘   Main character with plot armor: Thank God I'm not 6 ragging Bull Elephant!🐘 🤣
Desmond solos no 🧢
Desmond really be the villian tho
Yes
Desmond is coldblooded
Desmond is the greatest villain in anime period! 😤
Mark:"You kill 17 whales" Desmond:"yes" Mark:"why do..."😂😂😂
that thumbnail is golden😂
Definitely Sternritter D Askin Naak la Vaar
He almost cracked when he said sunlight lol !!
but i have to win the fight...
Sasori be like
"Wow, you the realest villian."  "Thank you." 😃
I thought Desmond was gonna say the second poison came from his mouth the whole time he explained the first poison
"yes"
"Why would you do that to the environment? "🤣😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
🤣🤣🤣
You won😂🤣😂🤣
Nice
I think what sources mean when they say “a table spoon of this poison can kill 69 humans” is that it takes 1/69th of a table spoon of the poison to kill one human. So if whatever amount of poison that entered MCs body can kill 7 whales, it really means that 1/7th of what was “injected” (idk a better word and my brain is slow rn) can kill one whole whale. But idk how they poison man knows that, unless he really harmed a whale.. unless poison works proportionally to volume, or mass, then you can kind the smallest amount of poison that can kill ONE human, and maybe that’s all they tested the first time :D   SUMMARY: maybe no whales were harmed to find out
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣Desmond funny asf
This is why I hate whenever the enemy is a "poison master" Its this bullshit for like 4 episodes
17 wells
Do the spoon angle they do in anime
Its krazy bcuz i can see the reflector yall using
Demon slayer reference??
That whale part is so accurate
Well he did have to win the fight...with extreme ignorance and disdain for the facts. I mean not far off from current politics.
One of my favorites not gonna lie
Desmond: Yes 🙂
🤣🤣
🤣🤣🤣
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 nigga got poisoned by 5G
I see Desmond growing that beard
Esdeth, without hesitation, cut off her limb when she got infected by Akame's poison. But, on the other hand, Mark won't stop talking. 🤣🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
*Magellan:* 👀
I watched this vid while taking a shit😐
5 words    poison only works when inhaled
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing huh ?"  Yes
“You got a family? Fuck em huh.” 😭😭😭
you hoed the 16 other whales
You know that huh...yes
Everyone died except the person in that car.
I hate this dude already! The accuracy! 🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭 "I had to win the fight" "Yes!"
4:29 i'm sleep cuuuuuuh
Bro this is too funny xDD
"I put the poison in the sunlight," This is like thirteen year olds comparing whose OC is the strongest
😂😂😂 bro kept reply “yes” to everything
the whole time he had low iron
The many rings of poison
This is like every fight Mayuri Kurotsuchi is in
this could all have been avoided if he just him "win the fight"
Anyone else getting memories of asuma and hidan
When y'all hit 10 million followers revisit this message. Gongrats
Desmond never disappoints with his villainous acting
- You put it in the sunlight? - Yes - HOW?!  🤣🤣🤣
You weak as hell if you use poison
Camera quality is too good.
And this is exactly why you need poison resistance 💀
The accuracy! hahaha
Should have played Bel Bib Devoe after this, lol
THEY GOT MY NIGGA LELAND BRUH, HE WAS TOO YOUNG TO DIE😭😭😭
"😣Do you have the antidote, what are you doin?" "yes only for me" "🧍🏾‍♂️That's selfish" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
The people that disliked this killed 18 whales
"You hoed the other 16 whales yo-you killed them for no reason" 😂😂😂 im dead bruh
"You put the poison in the sunlight!?"
"yes"
MC has no balls to cut his own limb to stop the flow of poison throughout the body. 😗
😂😂😂😂😂
200,000 views in 1 hour⁉️
Lmao my man got hit with the iocane power no jutsu
He said you just ignorant huh? 😂
I wouldn't even had beef with you if I knew u was gone that far  🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
RIP all them 16 whales 🙏
😂😂😂😂😂
Desmond: So you have chosen poison!  Mark: Yes...
💀💀💀
how is he going to survive if everyone is dead. Doesn't he need other people to grow food because he doesn't look like a farmer
"i must win the fight" 😂😂
😂😂😂
Some body get Desmond some chapstick, it’s hurting me
The way he calmly said yes to everything
Yes
🤣🤣🤣
“You got a family?” “Yes” “Fuck em huh”😂😂😂
On Yanagi 🤣
Yes
the dislikes are from the whales he killed
Yes
Wait won't everyone in the solar system die from the sunlight poison 🤣🤣
Fr y’all funny asf😂
Lol that’s how it be tho
Your hurting the environment lol
Yes.
"Odorless poison?" Wow, Desmond is the master of carbon monoxide. That is scary.
Mithridates be like (for my history homies)
legendary
😂😂😂😂😂
Manga reader:i know he will die in the next episode  Anime watchers only: 0:46
Thumbnail had me thinking this was a yourrage vid
"But then what you gonna do now?" "I will make more poison. Get more powerful." "There ain't gonna be nobody left to fight!" "You're right, but I'll still have my poison!"  That was my favorite part! The ignorant thing at the end was just a bonus but the above section is what got me!
just hoed the other 16 whales lol
Yes................. yes...................... yes..................yes 🤣🤣🤣🤣
I like how this went from an anime fight to an environmental awareness message
Yall always do great but this one is INCREDIBLE 😂😂😂😂😂😂
bruh said i have to win the fight.
This guy got through the poison seller
Somehow Desmond has the perfect face for saying something serious but making you laugh at the same time.🤣🤣🤣
Plot!!! 🤣🤣🤣
Mayuri🤔🤔🤔🤔
You just an ignorant villain, you know that huh? “Yes” lmao
In the end, the true villain, was poaching.
I have to win the fight!
He said “impossible” he love that word
Necessary sacrifices 😂
Mark: why you got a sword is you’re just gonna poison people?   Desmond: because i need a sword to cut people
Killua has entered the chat
That's selfish 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This villain has nothing on toxic gamers
this reminds me of punk hazard lmaoo
"That shit rlly WEAK😕" 💀💀💀
He put it in sunlight. 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Things we can't escape in life 1. Tax 2. Death 3. Desmond playing the villian
The way he answers every question has no right to be this funny 😂😂
Im sorry but 2:07 killed me😭😭😭😭
His sword remind me of Akame from Akame ga kill🤣
YouTube king of villains with this one😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣😭😭😭 You the realest villain  I would've never had beef with you if I knew you'd go this far
First part is accurate fs
Isn’t the last poison cancer?
Real question is? How he survive all of that poison      Btw u missed to put a song
For real though every time they say the poison can kill x amount of x, the guy getting poisoned NEVER dies.
100k views in 1 hour. let's go RDC road to 5mil
17 whales🤣🤣🤣
That odorless poison had me dead. Nigga walking abs just died for no reason😂
Lmaooo this is a whole anime
Reminds me of sasori if you know you know
villain ends up healing the hero, but only because he wanted a rival. and nothing else. just wanted a rival.
What cameras do you use to film?  Looks so good.
This is their best one!!!! 😂😂😂😂
Imagine if his poison took effect like 10 seconds after lol
You got a family? Fuck em huh 🤷🏽‍♂️
When Frost poisoned Goku
Desmond got Butters too! Who next? Dylan? Ben? Joh..? Nevermind
When Leland fell 🤣
3:42 Thanks you 😂😂
Damn you outside with just a tea on. I need to move south
he upped the uv rays by destroying tyhe ozone layer, and he did that with all the poisonous gas he put into the air, call the planeteers cause we have an environmental issue at play
You guys are the best 💯
That one nigga from baki
Mark: no human is surviving more than one whale  Also mark: survives
People that use poison weak in anime
Then the poison wears off 😂
That's selfish....thats selfish....U got family?  Yes So fuckem huh 😭😭😭😭😭😭
"you had a family?" "fuck'em right"  lmao Desmond a real dead beat lmao
Lol
😂
Bruh I wouldn't even wanna fight him.
Desmond should have said "yes" was his strongest poison 🤣
You forgot the guy who is completely immune to poison 😂
This was Ceaser fighting luffy Crew 😂
Yes
"You Hoed The Other 16 Whales" If Peta was there, maannnn lmaoooo
Gg
“Hey so, what’s your villain nam-“ “Yes”
Nigga hoed 17 whales they was just chilling bruh 😂😭😭😭
This camera quality better than my eyesight
thats crazy, i deadass just met magellan in one piece, w timing
Mark: you got a family? Desmond: Yes Mark: Ight fuck them huh. Lamooooooo😭😭😭😭
You’re the worst villain “Yes”
Marks last words:  "You know that huh " 😂😂😂😂
Mark’s talk no justu is not working on Desmond
And thus mankind was forced underground.
“You put the poison in the sunlight!?”
Yes
I'm sad someone was anime poisoned but DIDN'T cough up any blood. 🤔
the length of this is so hilarious
Desmond just wants all the jays for himself
Shigaraki
Pretty true
And I thought Eren was down bad
Pretty interesting
Lmao villians always be standing and not moving already knowing the poison gon kick in, like imagine getting stabbed then the poison kicks in
Bruh what was this fight for??? Not even in the tournament arc huh?
gotta get in one last "bruh" head shake before he died lmfaooo
Desmond: shit its time to pay the mortgage  Mark: ight you know the drill  *heads to park*
Yes I have to win 😂
😂😂😂😂
I have to win the fight
he says "poison" with the same inflection every time its so funny
This is like that on scene from crocodile vs luffy
This how Hanzo was when fighting Mifune in Naruto
When they both talk like it’s nothing and the poison isn’t taking effect
Desmond always wanna do the most ngl😂
This is 😂 so funny 🤣
Des is such a good villain tbh 😂
Poison in anime be crazy. Great video
You hoed them whales 🤣. You dont hear that everyday. I feel like that should be on a tshirt
Desmond being the main villain is an instant L for the main character.
Rest in peace 😭😭😭
Pour one out for those 17 whales RIP.
"Imma make more poison, get more powerful." nigga WHHYYY???
Lmfao this is just facts
Wouldn't have even started this beef if I knew you'd go this far lol
Basically poison lmfaoo nah you gave that nigga cancer talm bout UV radiation
aye 17 whales bro lmao
He just had a lil Henny. Thats all
Im starting to think he was desperate to win the fight
“You got a family? “Yes.” “Fuck em, huh?” 😂😂😂
No one: Absolutely No One: That One Particular Villain: Yes
"YES"
Mc asks question  Villain: yes 👁👄👁
my mans really said seventeen whales. I'm creasing
Desmond was holding back his laugh the whole time😂
The way Leland drop to the ground got me
shinobu
I mean, amplifying UV rays would be hella dangerous, it would be basically causing cancer
broo i swear to god i cant stop at this shit dawwgg🤣 when he said "yeah i feel it, its pretty strong"
Desmond, at it again. He's always beating someone
Mayuri in a nutshell
With poison, it’s either the one that slowly kills you or instantly kills you.
shino vs kankuro netflix live action
I know a certain sword user who died due to their poison not being enough to kill their enemy. Still upsets me to this day.
720p looking like 4k
Missed the part when the waifu comes see’s him and sucks the poison out
"Do you know what you talking about" "NO"
Y’all the goats man 😂🤣😂
Fan since day one I've mostly comment on  videos I like but when it comes to y'all I haven't found one yet. but continue making art and continue killing the stigma for anime fans im in martial arts and y'all constant motivation on days I don't feel like going and need a laugh to pick me up, RDC till RIP 👍😎
Reminds me of the HxH episode where Chrollo cut Silva with that knife.
Sasori when he poisons Kankuro h
How never giving up only in anime...reality he go die😂
Hanzo and sasori: I feel targeted
... Yes...
Yet Again they have made another banger!
Training montages in anime be like can you do that
Is the air poison selective about whom it targets?
You just know that 2 minutes after this fight, Desmond got jumped by 18 whales
real nigga like killua wouldn't be bothered by this 😪😂
“ They had to die”
Laughs in Killua Zoldyck
3:12 that smirk was perfect
Odorless poison? So what we're dealing with now?
Desmond always beating up mark lol.
Poor whales
Their acting skills are only getting better and better.
This man Desmond a menace to society randomly killing 17 whales. Somebody need to call PETA.
The environment
"You put the poison in the sunlight!!?"  The way he said it. 😂😂😂😂
Bro Leland falling sent me🤣🤣🤣
Poison got brains
Yesss🤣😂🤣😂😂🤣😂🤣😂
And he turns good...
Clearly Fake he put him under a Gen-Jutsu
3:31 I have been having such a bad day and this is the only time I have smiled/laughed thanks guys
You know that huh?.. Yes... XD
This basically how a certain antagonist in a popular manga got taken out
Anime be doing bullshit how in the hell you put poison into the sunlight Literally *UV Rays?*
He put the poison in the sunlight hi killed the entire Milky Way just to win 1 fight
Damn the fact he put the sight of 17 whales just in the ocean out cold in my mind like that 💀 🐋 ☠️
This man killing  the planet for one nigga smh🤣😂 his a worst version of Thanos.
no hate but i REALLY just sat here in front of my screen for 4:30 minutes watching two ppl talk about poison and loved every second of it.
This is literally the final battle of Demon Slayer but roles reversed
Fake the main character still would’ve whooped his ass
He amplified the UV rays? Now he’s making no sense 😂
Man, Desomond is my spirit animal or something. A majority of the characters he plays, and how he plays them are how I would operate if I was an anime character. Same thing goes for my friend, he's way to similar to Mark in personality. It's uncanny.
Best anime comedy vid I've seen in the longest
You guys are so funny. Love yall
They should do a vid where they show how people always predict the main character potential
He was just missing the glasses and pushes them up
Fuck it just kill me 😂😂
Bruh killed 17 whales😂 Wtf   “Do you know what your talking about?” 😂     Anime YouTuber btw🙏🏿🙏🏿👌🏿
*Literally is about to die*  Every MC ever: I’ve been through worse, I can handle it
They have to die 🤣🤣🤣
bruh I’m dying XD XD hahah
You ho'd the other 16 whales 🐋🤣
Oh sh#t. This had me weak
"I put the poison in the sunlight." Man Fugo mad jealous right now.
Desmond do be playing a real good villain. Lmao
*calmly dies while explaining to Desmond that he will be lonely and a weak ass nigga known to universe kind (I don’t fucking know what I’m talking about when I say universe kind my nigga)*  Desmond : YES NIGGA DO YOU NOT UNDERSTAND OR NO
" You're just an ignorant villain, you know that right? "  " Yes "  🤣😄
There go Desmond being a villain
This video is literally Bleach Espada 8 vs Captain Kurotsuchi
As a wise Bel Biv Divoe once said “Poison”
I mean he gotta win the fight tho
Meanwhile in naruto....poison is 1 shotting people
Bro you wearing all that white on the field nooooooooo 😭
you know that huh...    "yes."
._.
😂😂😂😂😂
🤣🤣🤣
🐐
Well yes!!!!
You hoed 16 whales 😂😂😂
Yo des trying explain himself had me so weak 😂 I had to win the fight
Dudes runs out of idea
oh so you a VILLAIN villain
These skits are some of the highlights of the month
Desmond > gojo and your fav verse
lol xd
Mayuri from bleach
The third time desmond has dropped mark😂
Lol
Killua has enter the chat
“That’s Selfish” needs to be a Meme
ANIME IS LIFE!!!!!
I mean poison damage is best( in my opinion,)but this is just bs
-"You--you're ignant. You just an ignorant villain. You know that, don't you?" -"Yes." 😭
its gotta be so fucking nerveracking to be the villain.Poison always kicks in just 1 second before attack connects
😂😂
Ay bruh this is deadass that one Crazy scientist captain from Bleach 🤣🤣
This is mayuri from bleach in a nutshell
We not rockin with the destruction of the environment ⁉️
dub niggas
Lesson of the story: ignorance is the ultimate poison, therefore it counter acts all poisons
"You got a family?" "Yes" "Fuck'em Huh?"   💀
“You h*ed 16 whales.” 😂 funniest line ever.
2:05 Leland just dropping dead out of nowhere has my face hurting.
“You hoe’d the other 16 whales” ☠️☠️
The way Desmond said "Thank you" cracked me up looool
i feel like some music from naruto chunin exams (in the forest) wouldve went great with this!!
why this camera quality look so high and youtube says 1080p still  anyways this video funny asf anime villains really be trying to kill everyone just for them to be left with nothing to even rule over or do lmao
😂😂😂😂
Akame’s sword!
How come the camera man didn't die? XD
“I amplified the UV days.” Soooo...covid?
LMFAO
1:50 “It’s in the Air”  That one car in the background 😂
“Why you gotta a sword if your just going to poison people?” 😭😭😭😭
Oof poison
"Fo you have the antidote!?"  "Yes, but only for me."  "That's selfish, you got family?"  "Yes."  "Just fuck them huh?"  🤣🤣🤣
I've never laughed harder at one of your videos, how do y'all keep getting better
Yes
If he fought then won and had a doctor friend it would be every anime
“Do you know what you talking bout “ “No” 😂😂😂😂
I love how the hero shakes his head in disappointment before he dies.
💀
Mark: but there wont be nobody left to fight. Me: sees a car pass bye as soon as he says that....
I have to win the fight🤣🤣🤣🤣   Yes🤣🤣🤣🤣
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing. You just ignorant". 🤣🤣🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂😂 truth
He’s done it, nongamers are now extinct.
😂😂😂 That Shit Really Weak!!
Leland caught a stray 😂
How did he retrieve and dilute the poison for each whale? It's not like he said, it was strong enough to poison a whale 17x its normal mass?...so...."ayo, before you die, whale, Imma need that poison back right quick....whale number 2, I'll see you now!"
“You just a ignorant villain.. you know that huh”😭😭
Hanzou the Salamander was literally a walking poison death trap! He wears a mask to protect everyone around him, and don’t let him cut his stomach to unleash the super poison that even he is immune too (hence why he wears mask as well)
“i amplified the UV rays”😂
YOU MEAN SHEEPLE WHO GET THE COVID SHOT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Thats selfish 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Facts
Fuck em huh 😂
Idk why but 3:11 - 3:12 has me crying🤣😭
The secret to views in this channel is one keyword *anime*
There go dead beat Des back again wit his dead beat acts! 🤦🏽‍♂️
THE THUMBNAIL LMAO HE TURNED FROM 6’0 TO 7’5 SKINNY DUDE IM NOT BEING MEAN MY NIGGA LMAO
Some one give Desmond some GAWD DAYUM CHAPSTICK
Am I the only one who is thinking of sasori
Piccolo and Goku vs Frost in a nutshell. Or fighting Cobra in Fairy Tail Or fighting Coco in Toriko. Coco’s pretty cool.
Playing with kids be like: *Overpowered posion* *blocks* *forcefield*
Accurate. They be doing too much.
😂😂😂😂
He’s going to be a hero in the next arc and every character will forget this.
Looking a like a yrg thumbnail 🤣.
Thumbnail looking like a yourrage thumbnail
"Ain't gon be nobody left to fight " "But I'll still have my poison "😂🍸
What happens if his poison expires
"You got a family?" "Yes" "Fuck em Huh?" "Th-Th-They Have to die"
😭😭😭
The sunlight 😂😂😂
Queen from One Piece with that Corona Ice Monster Virus
This is the slowest poison effect i have seen 😁😁
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing...you ignorant, do you know that!?....Yes...” 🤣🤣🤣
😂
Luffy vs Magellan colorized
Man I love y’all
“Do you know what you’re talking about?” “No, but-“ bro what?😭
Do you know what you're talking about? *No*
“We both gotta live here” 😂
Yo, why you putting poison in the air...
How is he immune to the poison
Y E S
hahaha bro this funny s hell
When they started talking about the environment I lost it lmao
Rip ma boi random side character 🙏🙏🙏 gone too soon 😔
Damn this one was weak. First vid in a long time I wasn’t feelin, always likin and supportin tho!
Nobody: The Villain: Y E S...
The villian: I put poison in the sun everyone will die some guy casual walking with his dog in the background  4:08
LOL LOL 😅😅😅😅 he said 17 wales. You got fam  F**em huh.
Protagonist: You have family? Vill: Yeah Protagonist: Fuck em huh?
"you hoed the other 16 whales, think about the environment" I'm dedddd
"Do you even know what your talking about?"  "NO" 😂
"That's selfish..." 🤣🤣🤣
2:09
@ 0:22 he said poison like Soulja Boi
Why'd you kill them for no reason for real tho. Like we voting you out you the imposter.
They was trying so hard not to laugh bruh😭😭
This camera quality is nice and a step up, love yall❤❤❤
The villian will create more poison to make an enemy made out of poison, to defeat it with more poison...
Ain’t no point 😂
This is literally how mayuri from bleach  fights 😂😂
You hoed the other 16 whales; that’s hurting the environment😂😂😂
Bro it always happens 🤣
He poison everything He ain't right but most importantly He has to win da fight
might as well given mark aids after the 3rd one .
I need hood avatar back :(
“You have a family ?” “Yes “  “F**k em huh?!” “Yes they have to die I have to win this fight “    😂😂😂😂😭😭😭😭
Bruh poison only works on the bad guys
yes .
Hunter x Hunter:
I wonder if they'll ever make a video where Desmond is a protagonist rather than a villain
Mark: “ you put the poison in the sunlight”.     Desmond: “yes”  lmaoooooooo 😂😂
🤣🤣🤣 these boys be havin me rollin. Thts how I feel bout villains who want to destroy tha world. Nigga it's tha world tf u gone do after that, float in space
😂
Bruh, I'm dead!  "I have to win the fight"
The thumbnail got me dying alone 😂🤣😂🤣😂
Desmond just fits the villain role so well.
Chrollo and sasori entered chat.
Laughing my ass off 🤣🤣🤣
bruh this is the prequel to scp 001 when day breaks
Bro. Desmond looks just like Kid Cudi
"I have to win the fight"
😂😂😂
“You got a family?” “Yes” “Fuck em, right?”
Was covid Desmond testing out his poison ☠ 😂
We just got the RDC/Dreamville collab sneak peak
Desmond might be the realest villain I've ever seeeeeeen
Broooo this was really really good I love this one. Facts
Where's the coughing up blood?
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 He a villain VILLAIN!!!
This was funny af
Scp when day breaks?
I GOT HEAVY CALEB CITY VIBES FROM THIS🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
You should make an “Anime You Wouldn’t wanna be in part 2”
2:09 The way the dude just fell 😂😂😂
Literally everyone in yu-gi-oh duel links lol
I’m tryna see bloopers from this one😭
🤣🤣🤣
Mark: do u know what you're talking bout Desmond Off Screen: *No* i'm dead😂😂😂
I love how they always get rid of it without an antidote always by controlling their bodies...
desmond killed that act ngl😂😂
You just an ignorant villain. You know that huh?......."yes"😭
"You got a family?" "Fuck em huh"
i have to win the fight
This is how I felt after Jack got tired of fighting the Mink Tribe in the Zou arc in One Piece.
43 dislikes had to be white racist people
You ingorant 😭rollinn
That poison be speedrunning thru they whole system then stops functioning for 10 minutes to let em talk
Sasori in a nutshell 💀
Random man: *dies in two seconds*  Meanwhile the protagonist activate talk no jutsu for 4 minutes
🤣
Banger
3:34 okay Itachi 😐✋
Watch out he gonna use his gravity poison next he manipulated gravity and made it into posion
A yo this jawn to funny lmao😂😂
Desmond always the antagonist lmaoooo
You put the poison in the sunlight?!?
Who else thought when Mark dropped his sword for the third poison it sounded like he was taking a shit?
thats crazy
“Aint no point in telling you nothing, you just ignorant” 😂😂😂
Wait. How do you know that?🤣😂🤣😂🔥
lol
What shoes does supreme dream have on
When Leland fell I died😂
Mark: “You got a family?” Desmond: “Yes” Mark: “Fuck him huh?”😂
Anyone remembering the episode of Naruto Shippuden where Sakura got poisoned by Sasori and she is explaining to Granny Chiyo for 90 seconds (it felt like three minutes. maybe it was) that the temporary antidote she made only last for three minutes?
Why he have a family though 😂😭
Bruh tell me Desmond don’t sound like Lil Nas in this video
Lmao “you ignorant” is taking me out
THE DISRESPECT ON THE WHALES, THE ENVIRONMENT
"I have to win the fight"😂😂😂
U forgot the heartbeat sound when u fell over
redo of healer be like
Same way🤣🤣🤣🤣
Why is Desmond always playing the role of the villain 😂😂😂
2:09 oblivion be hitting different
USE THE GOLD SIDE OF THE REFLECTOR ON BLACK PEOPLE. THE SILVER SIDE IS TOO HARSH ON THE SKIN
That Poison be hitting Different 🤞
Bruh this man obsessed with poison
For a second I thought mark was gonna talk no jutsu him
This is probably the chillest and darkest fight ever
You got family? Fuck em huh? Lol
Y’all never disappoint 🔥
Yo this villain is toxic as hell
😹😹😹
When dawg died in the background it was over 😭😭😭😭
that’s selfish - mark
I'm getting Sephiroth vibes from this villain....
"Fuck them whales"  -The Villain
This mans poisoning the environment
Shinobu
Also y'all been watching Caleb City recently huh?
*You killed 17 Whales?*
When akame would give you that little cut with her sword 🤣
"Gotta win the fight" 💀💀💀
love it
Did it hurt when you fell when the poison kicked in?😂😂😂
so accurate bruh
this how fights go in anime games
"You hoed the other 16 whales"
Hunter x hunter zoldycks vs chrollo moment
Well, too much UV exposure does cause skin cancer. So... he not wrong.
Desmond-  "I have to win the fight"  Death-  "But you killin me tho...If I die, no one will die, so you can't win the fight!  Desmond-   ....."Yes."
Those villains never even be the main villain either just a side villain
Pray for those 17 whales who died from poison
“I have to win the fight” 😆😆😆
Poison pretty weak if the Protagonist is doing all this talking...
Hahahhaha this is so funny like kill everyone with the sun and poison bahahahh
He told no lies
He only lossed because he didn't have the power of friendship or love at his side.
We gotta both live here 😂😂tell these white people that
The poison powering up like a it's Goku
Funniest episode ever
The most awkward death scene in the history of death scenes 🤣🤣🤣
the check mark tho 0_0
lmao hell nah that ending though "ain"t no telling you nothing you ignorant"
Epic
Man killed 17 whales 💀💀💀
Where can I buy that headband 🧐
Mayuri from Bleach except he does not feel bad whatsoever.
He really did all this for one fight. He really ruined the planet for one fight. Man's killed his family/generations for this. His power isnt poison its ignorance.
Sooo he couldn't find a 18th whale? Or did that 18th one survive??
Im gettin CalebCity/Rick and Morty typa vibes from this vid
Fuck Falcon, all my homies hate Falcon
This is the calmest I’ve ever seen Desmond in a villain role.
He won the fight though
Zamasu did nothing wrong yall
"that means it's basically poison" "Do you know what you talkin bout?" "No...." 😆
That some griffith shit
I NEED DESMOND IN ANIME NOW
why would you do that to the environment lmao
"You will not be killing the humans of this Earth"
he just gave Mark cancer... nice
😂😂😂
"Look at him!"  "Hmph... Ugghhhhhhh"
Rip to that man family 🥲🤣
He like the scientists from bleach.....fuck it right😂😂😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
17 whales 😂😂😂
Imagine LeBron and Desmond fighting each other 😭😭💀💀
Y’all gotta do a naruto sketch
On god tho
Desmond a menace to society😂
"You hoe'd the other 16 whales" I can't breathe 😭
🤣🤣🤣
That quality A1
Sasori vs Kankuro
he put poison in the sunlight by amplifying the uv rays what is this logic
But technically Mark stronger than 17 whales 😂😂😂
Ong they finna throw hands and the poison be like 👁️👅👁️
I have to win
“Rest in peace”💀💀💀
I’m sorry but it feels like a Caleb city sketch which is pretty funny😂😂
Didn’t know he was fighting Nino Nakano
“Rest in peace” 😂😂😂
Desmond’s final poison attack: “Black Air Force 1”
This nigga killing with skin cancer
This literally what happened after Chrolla poisoned Zeno in their fight lmaoo.
He exterminated the entire human race for the sake of a fight?  Yup. Sounds right.
Great video :)
This guy is doing the most
I have to win the fight- Desmond😂
😂 he said you a ignorant villain 😂
Bro why y’all always got this man as the villain 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I have to win the fight!
''Desmond Johnson 2021-                           ''I have to win the fight.''
epik
"I put it in the sunlight" 🤣🤣
HOW THE HELL CAN YOU PUT POISON IN THE DAMN SUN?!!! 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I guess mark is not the main character🤷.
Just saying calebcity should've been in here I cuz just hear his voice
that's selfish
U jus a ignorant villain....UK dat huh...Yes... Lol 🤣😂
That was a good one and a good script!!!! More please!!!
The 40 dislikes are poison users
Everyone being happy me:criying I lookd at Mark's dms uniid.lol ~ poor girlfriend: "I hope it changes" Like if you love Mark
New fan here. You boys are funny as fuck man
"Potent enough to kill 17 whales" XD Like why that many, after 1 should be enough
Thumbnail radiates YRG energy 😂
"You put the poison in the sunlight?" "Yes" "How?" "I amplified the UV Rays" "What does that mean" *P O I S O N*
2:08 random npc in any open world game. 😹😹😹
Amplified the uv rays? 😂😂😂😂😂😂
Naruto destroying half a forest be like 🤫
“Why do you got a sword if your just going to poison people!?” 🤣🤣🤣🤣
THIS SHIT FUNNY AFAFAFAFAF BRUH HAHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAHAHAH YO RDCPLEASE REPLY
so true😂😂😂
What anime is this?
Yes.
Literally any anime antagonist: It was a sacrifice I had to win the fight
The mc actually looses un this one
Bro just drink milk and you feel better     Ps: mc players understand me :D
Mark need a movie deal I swear I’m in tears 😭 🤣
We ain’t gonna talk about how fresh marks baby waves looking 🌊
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing you ignorant" 😂😂😂😂
RIP them whales
Mark sound like Fred Hampton
i love ur vids, u guys are awsome
I HAVE TO WIN THE FIGHT 💀😂
Where is the power of friendship???
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
New Poison aint shit. Old Poison: BOY IMMA BEAT THAT ASS.
But wait! All those poisons mixed together and cancelled out so he was magically able to revive and beat the villain!
🤣🤣🤣
His body gets immunity everytime thre villain does somethin stupid
Dub!
And then it’s just the villain explaining what happened to the protagonist for like the remainder of the episode. Until the recap of the episode in the next episode🙄 thats anime for you
here before a mill
Look at the YourRage inspired thumbnail
“Why though. You only needed to kill one whale.” Had me choking on my food
Leland Got folded bro
It's levels
realistically speaking, if such a small amount of poison is enough to affect the body so fast and the the intended purpose was to kill. you would be dead within the next few seconds. at most the next couple of minutes.
Akame and Murasame
"You Hoe'd the other 16 whales" Lmfao!!  that boy Mark!
“Do you know what you’re talking about?”  “No”
Wow 17 whales huh how very mean and his family getting ready to wow how very sad but this was funny 😂
Do you know what you’re even talking about?  “No” 😂😂😂😂😂😂
villain: a have injected you with the stoengest toxins on the planet you will die in 20s  Protagonist : hm hm you fool I use to get stabbed every day with toxins now I don't even feel it I'm immune
Thumbnail had me thinking this was a yourrage video
Please make another hood Olympics
You got a family? Fuck em huh
Oh you  going to fight🤣
Yo Desmond is channeling some Calebcity energy in this vid lol
You killed 17 wales ?! 🤣🤣
“I have to win the fight”
Nobody goin. Talk about the fact how strong  marks protagonist is to even talk to and converse after getting poisoned🤯
The 39 people who disliked this video are relatives of those 17 dead whales.... R.I.P.
130k views in 40 minutes holy fuck
C  O  N  F  U  S  I  O  N
Desmond‘s plan to wipe out the population makes thanos jealous
I wish this scene was ACTUALLY in an anime
He really is the realest villain. Homie makes the Joker look like a cheap clown.
“You put the poison in the sunlight?” “YES”
“I feel it , I feel it , it’s pretty strong “ “humph” *falls to ground* 😂 lmao
Lmao
More prison ball
Ceaser: I have the WORLDS MOST POWERFULL POISON  Desmond: Hold my beer
look at him
“That’s selfish” 😂
U put the poison in the sun light 🤣🤣🤣🤨🤨🤨🤣
“You got a family?” “Yes” “Fuck em huh?” 💀💀💀
Ayo when Leland fell🤣😭
I have the exact same Katana XD
All he really needed was a friend.
Baki
Captain kurotsuchi be like:
real question is how the poison hit his whole body in .5 seconds
Shinobu
Why did he need odorless poison if he already had poison with odors on his sword?
I put it in sunlight.  😂😂😂😂
LOL 😂
"You got a family?" "Yes" "So fuck em huh?"  Shit took me out 🤣🤣🤣
This man Desmond is built evil 😂.
Ignorance was homies real power LMAOO
I've watched this channel from the beginning and bay far this is the most funniest video they ever made.  Straight Goat  Like if you agree with me
Killua would’ve still survived
that poison really dangerous it was like he was drunk but worse.
I could never stand poison users in anime 😭
Poison only worked on Whales.
- "U da realest villain" - "Thank you ..." 3:42 Something about that delivery on that "thank you" lmao
"you poisoned me?" "yes" XD
Desmond the best villian
he said thank you
If it was goku and he got poisoned for a second time, he would say "ive already gotten poisoned, this technique doesn't work on me anymore"
Lol. This made me want to watch some anime. Just to call out bullshit and talk shit.😭😭😭😭
😂😂😂
Any nigga that poisons in anime is a Mark idc 🙅🏾‍♂️
😂😂😂odorless poison ☠️
it's been 1:30 and he's still not dead.
😭😭😭😭
Why Leland fell like that😂
Love this guys video
“Ain’t no point in tellin you nothing because you ignorant...you just an ignorant villain” 😂😂😂😂
Ppl with glasses taking them off: 0:09
Yrg thumbnail
I can see why he did all that tho, bro Mark stood back up everytime😭😭😭
when desmond said "thank you" I lost my shit lmaaao
I really thought your rage was reacting to this Bc the thumbnail🤣🤣
I dont think there's no better villain then Desmond
Man is dying but still has time to give him a disappointed head shake. 😂😂
Yes
he gonna undo the antidote after getting bored, and leave the planet uninhabited
Odorless poison 😌
Hydrate my water
Rest in peace to the random nigga minding his business that walked into a random patch of poison
Thought it was a YRG thumbnail
Look at him...........💀
Aizen level of poison user's 😂😂
Yes 🤣
You a ignorant villain 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Remember the episode when Natuto stabbed his hand after being poisoned and Kakashi told him if he did that then he would die? Good times XD
Lmao, he’s fr killing the planet at this point
Yes
You forgot the part where the protagonist completely ignores the poison and kicks his ass anyway
36 minutes late makes me 36 minutes early, HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA hello rdcworld1 how are you?
That nigga killed everybody and still wanna get stronger😂😂
He died disappointed😂😂😂
The poison gonna kill only the half earth... they god 12H to find a solution
This man has a honors degree in poison fr
So the villian alone manage to made a when the day brakes situation? 😁
When a character says they can only use a skill once in a life time  0:47 how do you know that
🤦🏾‍♂️ I Don't Know Why They Keep TryiN Desmond, They Know He's The Ultimate Villain. 🤣🤣🤣🤣
This is like i watch dub pls pretend to be japanese
Yes. 😂
Imagine if Killua was in this situation...
HAHAHAHAHAH when the poison screen effect kicked in i cried
🤣🤣🤣🤣
1:54 “Ion even like fighting ppl like you ,that sh!+ weak.” 🤣🤣
AoT spoilers  Villain: using sunlight as a poison, I'm gonna kill all people on Earth  Eren: *furiously taking notes*
You gotta family? Fuck em huh
if you look at the poison, its over
The closed mouth laugh 😆
How is it that his strongest poison took effect last?
“That’s selfish” had me weak😂😂😂
Lmfao y'all keep getting better at this.
Murasame from Akame Ga Kill if yu know yu know
Rest in peace😅😅😅
Bruh!!!!!!! He said he put it in the sun....I was dead after that lol
I have to win the fight 😂
The acting went up up up
36 people are ignorant villains
guess this means we might get a stream tonight
"No"
Lmao you guys are dope keep it up ima big fan
LMAO I did not expect him to switch up like that over the environment 🤣🤣🤣🤣
You the realest villian THANK YOU  😂🤣😂
*_NO FKING WITH THE EVIROMENT_*
Yes.
God doesn’t want anybody in hell because He loves us, but you must understand why we deserve hell and why those who refuse to live under His authority will go there. He gave us the law (Ten Commandments) not to make us righteous, but rather to show us our sin (Romans 3:20). We’re not sinners because we sin, but rather we sin because we’re sinners. Sin is the nature of our flesh that we are born with due to the sin of Adam in the garden. For someone to be justified before God they have to be sinless. We’ve all sinned (Romans 3:23), and the the law demands death for those who sin (Romans 6:23). God is righteous, so He must punish our sin, which is what He did through His Son Jesus Christ on the cross. Jesus is Holy and sinless, yet He received our sin when He died on the cross, so that we can be righteous before God (2 Corinthians 5:21). When He died on the cross, He said “It is finished” (John 19:30), which means He paid the full price for all of your sins (past, present, and future) to be forgiven. He was buried and rose again from the dead. God will forgive anybody who puts their full trust in Jesus Christ alone for salvation. We aren’t saved based on our good deeds, but only by the grace of God (Ephesians 2:8-9). His precious blood that He shed is the only reason why we can be forgiven of our sins (Hebrews 9:22). If you confess that Jesus is Lord and believe that God raised Him from the dead, then you’ll be saved (Romans 10:9). You are born-again with the Spirit of Christ (2 Corinthians 5:17), and are not only legally justified before God, but also are accredited His righteous (Romans 4:24). Believers live for Christ now, so get to know Him through His Word. I recommend reading the book of Romans and the gospels (Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John), and watching Pastor Joseph Prince’s online sermons
POISON IN THE SUNLIGHT..
"That's the environment we both gotta live here"😂
Imagine if he pulled a killua and was immune to it
😂😂
damn i just wanna see this in a real anime PLEASE MAKE IT POSSIBLE
The Villian: I up the the uv the sun gives of.                                                   Me:so radiation you just gave everyone super cancer including your family, HOW?????
So how much poison you need desmond?  Desmond: Yes
🤣
Dam just 3.2k comments in just 33 minutes
Lmfaooo
It was actually necessary for him to experiment on those 17 whales, by the look of it he should’ve killed 10 more whales because your too OP. lol
The way my guy Leland just falls😭
"But it's basically poison"- Desmond
😂😂😂
Biden used the same poisons on Trump... Was nothing he could do!
Goat is the only word for RDC.
This sound like me when I was a kid trying to make myself stronger every time someone was like i got fire powers or something like that.
Never miss 🔥😂
Lmfaooo
That’s the sacrifice
😂😂y’all don’t miss
Only logical reason the villain had was that he needed to win the fight🤦😂
😭😭😭😭😭😭 des smile bruh 😭😭😭😭😭😭
"that shit really weak" 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂
“I have to win the fight” 😭😂
So did he just pop an antidote for all the poisons before hand? Even so he gonna have to keep popping that sunlight antidote all his life.
Who here before 1 million
" you just hoed the other 16 whales" 😂
I put the poison in the sun light... lmaoooo
Do you know what ur talking about?  NO BUT ITS POISON THATS ALL THAT MATTERS LMFAO
should've added the heartbeat noise
😂😂😂
Hey if you can't beat them poison them😁 #Mayuri
😂😂😂
One of the biggest inspirations for my gaming channel. Love you guys!! Keep grinding 💪🏾
aye aye!
♥️♥️♥️🔥🔥🔥
Mark:How many whales can that Poison ki- Desmond:"Yes"
mark: you’re just an ignorant villain , you know that huh Desmond : yes
17 whales 🤣🤣🤣
100k in 30 mins big RDC been here since 2016
"But I'll still have my poison"😂😂😂😂
Hero- "Ain't no point in telling you nothing. You just a ignorant villain.... ....but you know that right?" Villain-"YES" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
w vid
venom*
Should we tell the villain that poison and venom are different 😬
Facts ong lmao
You think they pulled off the incredible and then there is always something stronger
Mannnnnnnnnnn 😂😂😂😂😂😂 I put it in the sun light
Desmond’s acting has improved not gonna lie
🤣🤣🤣
*Basically the Punk Hazard arc in one piece*
Poison users are very... thoroough
Lmao how he says "yes"
“You got a family” “Yes” “Fuck em huh”😭😭😭😭
‘’You killed 17 whales”? “Yes”
This man just be having to poison poison ha might not make sense but you’ll see
They need to make their own anime cause these dudes got mad talent
When Leland dropped that had me dead asf lmao
"i need to think about my friend to make the poison disappear"
“I would have never have beef with you, if I knew you would go this far”.   🤣🤣I was sent
Why Desmond always the villain 😂😂😂
The “heh heh” evil anime laugh
Alternate  title :  how sasori fights his enemies
Cream your arm jay.
The UV Rays
"I have to win the fight"😂😂😂
That’s selfish, you got a family? Fuck em huh
I wonder if this is a diss to coronovirus becuase of it relating to the air with sun light...as the coronovirus is basically in the air and etc...and maybe RDC dissing the the government with the cure..in a wierd theory way🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️ idk...🤷‍♂️🤷‍♂️
this nigga desmond funny ash fr fr 😂😂
I poisoned the poison so the poison will be more poisones
Do you know what you  talkin bout?  “No” 😂😂😂😂😂
“I have to win the fight”😭
That head band is ice!!!
Gave the whole planet potential cancer just to win one fight das crazy
That God damn grass stain on his pants gonna haunt him, damn shame.
This was one to read in between the lines for sure well done RDCworld
Lol word some of these villians have some explaining to do
no cap
R.I.P. LELAND
Mark: “You got a family? Fuck em huh?” Desmond: “Yes” Me: “Poor Krystal 😢”
That’s Selfish 💀 U got a family yes🤦🏽‍♂️ Wow u are the worst villain wish I would’ve known u was gonna take it this far... U a ignorant Villain 🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂
It's evil des again 👿😈
“ this poison enough to kill 17 whales”  “How do you know that “ “I tested it” the  environment though 😭😭😭😭
The poison hotdog water
damn took him forever to die
That third poison is basically the plot of "Into the night"
“Do you know what you are talking about”  “No”
its so lame like bro
Couldn’t stop laughing🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
"I would've never even had beef with you if I knew you would take it this far."
You put the poison in the sunlight?!?!!
Lmfaooooo 🤣🤣🤣 because I have to win the fight hilarious
"U got a family? Fuck ehm huh" got me 💀
Bro this shit is funny asle
So if he poisons himself it was just a necessary sacrifice 🤔
That title though. How people who be writing these . Lol
Is it just Me or did anyone realize that Desmond is always the villain in videos 😂
How a Naruto vs DBZ fight would really go.
“It’s a necessary sacrifice”🤣
R we ignoring the fact that the villian isn’t dying to his own creation?
it be like that
Silva Zoldyck liked this
That selfish 🤣🤣🤣
He put it in sunlight ok I'm out 🚀
You’re just an ignorant villain 😂
"the poison is really taking effect" same poison: aight you can talk for like  few minutes
Yes!! 😂😂
Rest in peace lmmfaohh
Desmond looks like holding back laughter is killing him and I love it. This whole skit was maaaad funny XD.
Lol this so accurate
This Punk Hazard huh?
The antagonist standing there preparing his poison talk
Chrollo Lulcifer would like a word with you...
Who this villain think he is Askin Nakk Le Varr.
You forgot the weird knife licking all these creepy mfs do.
Yes!!!!!! I can't with the accuracy!!!!! Love y'all boys! For real though, Desmond is the best villain! Much love, Kings! 👑👑👑👑👑👑👑❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
anyone notice when he fell down he got sweats dirty
Demon Slayer...
I’m trying to figure out exactly how he killed 16-17 whales. Did he only need 1/17th of his poison to kill one whale?? Because man... that’s unnecessary
*I Wish in Movies* people pretended they are poisoned - - and ask “What did you do to me?” So the poisoner outs himself as the Bad Guy and be like “I poisoned your Drink - you are about to lose consciousness in 20 seconds” and the hero just stands up Like “I was faking I took a sip of the drink and spat it back out and pretended to drink” and the Villain’s just like “..Well Shit” and the movie ends.
He survived for way too damn long bro 😂😂, killed 17 whales but he felt good and had a whole conversation
The way he dropped funniest thing I’ve ever seen😂😂😂
“I put it in the sun”
Itachi: * kills family for konoha* Desmond: “ they have to die I must win this fight*
Goddamn 17 whales😂😂😂😂
Lmao 😂
“that’s selfish”😭😭😭
He survived the poison that kills 17 whales, the poison in the air and the UV poison for quite awhile
I lik that headband
LETS GOOOOOO
Desmond plays the best villains bruh lmao
This reminds me of when I realized that the first bad guy in Naruto when Akatsuki showed up is essentially a dude who uses poison and puppets. He only nearly killed Kankuro because he simply does it better. Lol
Kamahamahaaaaa
RIP to the other 16 whales 🐳
*I still have a family  Desmond: “*So what?”
This is the man who's turning the frogs gay
The part where Leland comes in and just dies cause of the poison has me dying 😂
Why is Desmond always the villain in rdc's videos
Bruh what in the quiet character during the fighting exams😂
Leland dropping in the distance had me WEAK 😂😂😂
Desmond would even have Shinobu like "wtf is wrong with you??" 😂😂
my dude really died in disappointment LMAO
"Yes."
@ 3:00 BRUHH I AM WHEEZING
Bro everyone is in the sun lmao
🤣
They don’t miss
*Shinobu left the chat*
aye are we getting a justice league like yall did the avengers? 🤔😬👀👀
I put the poison in the sunlight🤣🤣💀
I was going to comment, 'Your neighbors are very lucky to live next door to you'. But today, any location is lucky to have you all walk on its grass. I love you guys and your humor
The poison only be taking effect when they about to attack.😂
Every time he said “i have to win this fight”  | \/
You can tell Desmond was trying his best not to laugh😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣
Poison me Baby
They be lookin like they on that good stuff u hear 🤪🤪🤪🤪
Nobody:    Desmond: I hAvE tO wIn So ItS a NeCcEsArY sAcRiFiCe.
4:09 There ain't gon be nobody left to fight  -A car passes by
They never fail to amaze me man 🤣🤣🤣
Leland falling had me 💀
Hi
“You know that right?”  “Yes 👁👄👁
You are a villain for real 😂😂🤝
Rest in piece random villain
💀💀💀💀💀💀
+90k views and it ain’t even been 30 mins yet 🐐🔥
“You hoed the other 16 whales” 💀💀
😂😂😂😂 Ong Foo
The best part of the video is 1:50 to 1:56.
He straight up said fuck it cancer
The Dialog: Mark: "What's wrong with you?" Desmond: "Yes", "poison"
Mark: Aint no point ah tellin u nothin you ignorant you just a ignorant villain 🤣🤣🤣
I'm going to make more poison 🤣🤣
The villian slaps Goku 😂
Yea I burned a hole in the ozone. I needed to win the fight
Why you put it in the air? Had me weak 😭🤣
this was sasori vs kankuro
This man said dule. I think it’s dull *pushes up glasses
"I've been through worse " if this aint every damn MC😂😂😂
Boy you dry as hell.
Why Desmond looking like he wanna burst out with laughter
*Friend says some sus shit* You: Ay yo? 3:10
Desmond a whole demon bru 🤣
I guess I’m the only person that never liked anime lol
Poison?? 😂😂😂😂
You forgot that it never works on the main character
That was weird not having a sponsor after the clip
Remember Magellan vs Luffy?
Im ROLLING LAMAOIDHDHDAOAOAOAOAO
The way Mark breaks characters and stands up to try and talk sense 🤣
Do you know what you’re talking about? No but it’s basically poison that’s all that matters 🤣.
You just ignorant... You know that right ?   ...yes
So apparently the villain doesn’t get poisoned even though it’s in the sun light
Yeah sure you might have have poison, but have you heard of  *"Plot Armor"*
"amplified the uv rays" bruh
Time really be moving slow in anime
You got a family? Fuck em huh
bad end
warden magellan from one piece lol
Nigga here killed 17 Wales
The poison is minor until the dude explains it. They be like "This poison is a special poison."
You just an ignorant villain.."Yes"
Desmond, Stella acting right there...
You put it in the sunlight
“You just an ignorant villain!!” 😆😆😆
When Pokkle hit that one dude during the hunter exam😂
This is so true I remember in demon slay... spoilers
Somebody call PETA on this guy jeez!!
3:03 This reminds me of that old dude in Baki that could stop a person from breathing in oxygen by putting his hand over their nose and mouth and then say oxygen is the deadliest poison
Somehow Desmond has the perfect face for saying something serious but making you laugh at the same time.
Desmond: I poisoned you with enough poison to poison kill 17 whales  Mark: but I can finish this fight tho right?  Desmond: yeah go head
Everybody is talking about the fact that he's tested his poison and killed 17 whales, while I'm sitting here wondering how the hell does he have that much poison for 17 whales? 🤔
“Yes”
Your rage thumbnail 😂😂
"You put the poison in the sunlight ???" :D
He isn't the main character, he didn't become immune by using the power of friendship.
"Do you know what your talking about?" "No" LMAO BRO IM ROLLLING
Rdcworld1 Are Best Making Videos Big Ups 💪😎💯💫
That Desmond laugh is to good. He really is built to be the villain
https://youtu.be/UzZYjd5WgHg
Deadliest Poison = Enhanced Ignorance lol  But like as not, a poison incarnate (well, body and soul) would be like that.
Ain’t no point of telling you nothing, you ignorant. Just a ignorant villian😂😂🤣😭
I need the full story arc for this villain.
I have to win the fight 🤣
Why you do the environment like that
😂😂 He hit him with the Talknojutsu with the whales part
Luffy surviving in impel down
Luffy surviving in impel down
Rex world you guys are awesome keep doing what you do
Lol 😆🤣😂
Comedy in its finest 😂😂😂
Feeling under the weather... like youve got the flu? That would be the ricin i gave you
This reminds me of the "fish eye lense" episode of Home Movies.   ...Rdcworld trying out new effects and making it funny.....keep it up
Lmfaooo Desmond is just like: *Yes* 🤣🤣🤦🏽‍♀️     I have to win the fight 🤣🤦🏽‍♀️
Do u ever just sit there and be like man i wish i wrote that comment.
Des needs an evil laugh
“Like im just gon’ die!”  “Yes.” 😂😂👏🏾👏🏾 3:50
Reminds one of when Goku was about to sleep Frost and then the poison kicked in😂
Demon slayer episode 16 be like
That’s selfish y’all hella funny
Yes 2,800 and something comment!
Whale as a unit of poison efficacy is straight anime.
He’s definitely a bleach villain lol
Y’all gotta start dropping outtakes cuz I know y’all was dying reading these lines 😂😂😂
The comments aren't ripe for the picking yet I'll be back
The way he said “ain’t no point in telling you anything, you ignorant “ 😂
I'm just scrolling and this pop up I'm early today
The accuracy of this skit is on point. Like they always fall over when the villian reveals they've been poisoned
The 17 whales part is way too accurate
Rock Lee after taking his "medicine" to fight Kimimaru
Every other villain can learn from him, Sacrifice EVERYTHING
So freakin accurate! I was watching Akame Ga Kill, same thing happened with Murasame
I mean facts tho  anime house 6 postponed till 2022
Sasori vs kankuro be like
My tv was playing in the back ground while I was watching this and soon as he fell the first time my tv said “what’s going on? What did you do?”😂😂
They are the best on YouTube ❌🧢
"So how did you manage to scatter poison all over the planet and in the sunlight?"  Desmond: *"Yes"*
I put it in the sunlight lmfao
That has to be an awakened devil fruit user
I have been rewatching a lot of bleach lately and I can tell you that this is accurate.
"you got a family? fuck em huh" LMFAOOO
How is the villain not poisoned, he in the sunlight too?😅🤔
Not really
🤣🤣🤣
Still 17 whales is a bit overkill
What anime world would this villain fit in
fuuuccckkk this one really took me out REAL TEARRRSSS
It do be like that sometimes 😂💀
You got a family??? F em huh?? ....Dead
17 whales 🤣🤣🤣
Akame ga kill be like: 0:39
This video in one word: "Yes!"
Lmao “we both live here”
Protagonist : "the realist villain..." Villan : "Thank u" I cried laughing bruh🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 I swear villains be making up Bs when they cause a status ailment
NAH THIS FACTSSS😭😭😭😭
*Shisui Uchiha in a nutshell*
Always some way the villain never gets poisoned
This just reminded me of that fight from the last arc of demon slayer lmao
Ayo this camera quality is clean😳🔥
😂😂💀
R.I.P them other 16 whales 🐋
My favourite poison user is Tonpa from HxH.
That HunterXHunter reference
hey man just wanna say i appreciate what ur doing,
damn, takes 3 poison to put a man down. gotta be main character to live long enough to explain 1st poison works
Desmond looked like he wanted to crack up so bad lol
17 Whale's
You got a family?   Fuck em huh? Lmao! I'm dead
" Heart Attack Goku Enters The Chat "
Can y'all play cold war prop hunt
Guess not even talk jutsu work against him
GAH. *DED*
Bruh
He join successful villains club with only about 5 other members
"hmph looks like my poison has taken effect" they always say this 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
1:53 💀 i hate watching fights when the villain got glasses and just play with poison without throwing hands
Ngl, dis video not live but ima still give it a like just bc ima real nigga🤷🏽‍♂️
Peep the Dreamville shirt Looking freshy fresh sir
Do you have the antidote?  yes only for me  that’s selfish   😂 I love that part
Whenever they attack that's when the poison comes in lmao
Wow
Lmao facts
Bruh that grunt at 2:08 killed me😂
Really said disappear
Yes
Their acting skills are getting better and better on each new video.
*yes*
Imagine walking in the park and randomly see this.
Hands down one of y’all funniest skits😭😭
Poison users are usually pretty cool cause they have to be really creative in conception to avoid simply laming out a fight
this is so funny dude. Keep up the good work.
You killed 17 whales 😂😂😂
😂inserts: Sasori vs Kankuro (Desert Fight)
Bet money Killua can withstand it
I literally just finished an episode of SAO Alicization where Kirito and Eugeo get poisoned by the two girls. Crazy how y'all drop this as soon as I finished that episode 🤣🤣😂
Basically poison is All that matters
That Scratch🤔HEP C,D,E & F 😂 ☠️
Dang I laugh for the entire video
Yes!
Bruhhhh
Mans killed whales for no reason what an enviroment killer
Protagonist confidence 100%   Poison: *"hold up"*
He a villain bro fuck them whales.
This is how it be tho y'all are so funny
This the best camera y’all had huh yall did this shit in 4K!!! My nigga got poison in 4K!! Lol
In the multiverse of RDC mark is just a normal anime charactert tryna live his life, then he has to deal with some bullshit powers, it's a time loop basically.
😂😂😂😂😂
this comment section is poisoned too
Bro this man has poison poison no mi
😂😂😂😂😂
Des being the Villain never gets old 💀
2:10 Leland dying in the background going to baseball practice 😂😂😂😂💀
Did yall get a new camera? This is the clearest shit i ever seen
Chupapi📸😔
"Got a family... fuck em huh"
“Do you know what you talking bout?”   “No.”   “Do you have the antidote? What are you doing?”   “Yes only for me”   “That’s selfish..... that’s selfish. You got a family?”   “Yes.”   “Fuck em huh?”   “They have to die. I have to win the fight.”   Bruh the way Desmond was answering the questions had me crying 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
“You got a family?” “Yes.” “Fuck em, huh?” 😂😂😂
The whale part lmaoooo
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This how they be in naruto😂
Avengers: So you just gonna kill half of ALL life in the universe?  Thanos: Yes, but it is a necessary sacrifice
I need to cut people so I can poison them 😄
Yo it's my fifth year watching y'all and you guys have changed a bunch
LMFAOOOOOOOO I want it to be accurate des says, think about the environment mark says🤣🤣
this like yanagi and baki fight but baki took longer to get hit with the poison
Plots twist: he fell down cuz he bout have flashback
Mark: “you got a family?”  Villain: “yea F them” Me: 😟😟
damn they really dont miss😂😂😂
i have to win the fight! lol
MC didn’t died from poison, he died from enhanced ignorance.
Desmond laugh be killing me hm hm hm😂
“it’s a necessary sacrifice”😂😂😂😂
Y’all never miss with this bro I swear💀
This is fake this villian didn't explain exactly how to get the antidote
Im☠😱💀
"I put it in the sunlight" LOOOOOOOL
I hAvE tO WiN tHE fIGht!
Bleach combat be like :
i mean anime got it right lol some toxic can take a small dose for instant kill
Bro this deadass the funniest one so far
MC: "you're just an ignorant villain, you know that huh?" Villain: with conviction "yes!" Cracked me up how agreeable the villain is
Lmfao Leland just dropping killed me 💀 😆 🤣
😂😂😂yall going places !
The way the villain said yes tho. 👌🏽👌🏽. You know he evil af
you got family fuck em 🤣😂😂
Demon slayer manga readers: HoW dId ThEy KnOw
The quality tho 👌🏾
"You're the realist villain" Thank you... 🤣🤣🤣
And I'm the only one with the cure
"You hoe'd the other 16 whales...." 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Sasori be like:
I ain’t gonna lie how do you test for one dosage to kill 17 whales? Did he have a whale that has the immune system of 17 whales?
More like tryhard villains be like: "I had to win the fight"
I have to win the fight
All I have to say is XD -Hizzle Reaper
Aye I aint gonna lie. That sun power is kinda fire if a villain wanted to destroy they world
Why does desmond look like one of yourrages thumbnails 0:11 sconds
2:10 😂
"Ain't no point in tellin you nothin you ignorant, you just an ignorant villain" 😂😂
They had to die lmao
Poison ain’t always bad in anime. Look at Luffy when Magellan poisoned him. Sanjis sister gave him dat mouth.
☠️☠️☠️
I feel like the whale part was a reference to HxH where Chrollo tried to use a poisoned knife on Killua's dad that strong enough to drop a whale
This really gave me flashbacks to reading Demon Slayer😂😭   PS. RIP 2 those 17 whales😪🙏🏻  PSPS. RIP 2 the random Leland just tryin to enjoy the nice day outside💀💀
Lmao
oh this aint even on the gram yet
😂😂😂
Desmond is a menace to society😂
as far as I'm concerned unless your name is Shinobu, if you're a poison user you're lameeee
*On knees, crippled from UV rays* "DO YOU HAVE THE ANTIDOTE?" "Yes, only for me." *Standing up perfectly fine* "That's Selfish."
Dude throwing fent***ol on everyone...
"Desmond Johnson"; The antagonist of  RDCworld1
17 whales
Why he go from suffering to standing up talking normal 😂😂😂😂
"You put the poison in the sunlight"  "yes  😂 😂
The “you ignorant” that got me💀💀💀
Bruhhhhh right how the hell you know it kill 17 whales & you killed 17 for what 😂
ALL LIVES MATTER
Bro only care about that W 😭
They hoed my man Leland though
Desmond always the villian as is tradition 😅
The fact that he brought up whales is a CLEAR  HunterxHunter reference when Kuroro fight the Zoldics lmfao
You can tell Des was tryin so hard not to laugh bro lmao
The amounts of *Yes* and *It’s a necessary sacrifice* and *I have to win the fight* ☠️😭
Ya'll forgot the part where the MC somehow gets used to the poison, resulting in immunity to all toxins lol.
Random people in the park are just like tf are they doin bruh
3:29 got me dying on the ground rn😂💀
The way Desmond is speaking is quality ahah 😂
5 Min vid without a sponsor? Say less
Desmond aka jon jon
F in the chat for those 17 whales-
love you guys, keep up the good content
The one missing part is the strongest character showing up w nothing afterwards and kicking the poison villain's ass
Man save the 🐋
Rdc don’t miss 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂
Bro they fr need a anime
"so everybody in the sunlight gon die?" "yes" 🙂
I already knew by the thumbnail were this was going 😂
The most annoying anime "poison" is the one where it's like a sleeping potion where the person who is poisoned will go unconscious and then wake up five minutes later to them being captured in either a net or a box of some kind
One piece type villain
Sasori vs Kankuro😂😅
"I have to win the fight" Everytime he says that I die 😂😂😂
Nani
"Ain't no point in telling you nothin, you ignorant. You just an ignorant villain. You know that huh. " "Yes"  This had me weak.
Hehe :":":":
"so you hoed the other 16 whales?" 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Now that’s just crazy
MC's last act really was "SMH"
Fix the title bro
“You killed 17 whales?”
Nobody:   Desmond: “Yes....poison.”
Desmond trying so hard not to laugh "i have to win the fight!" 🤣
Mayuri from bleach be like
You just an ignorant villain...you know that huh? Yes *Dies*  😂😂😂
Bro they be trying so hard with the cheap shots like chill out with the poison and invisibility and etc
So basically...    The sun is a deadly laser
"You just qn ignorant villian, you know that huh?"  Yes  🤣🤣🤣🤣
“That’s selfish”. I’m DEAD 🤣🤣
Leland: ☠ Mark: oohhh....he ain't have nothing to do with the fight...........rest in peace  😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This the shit right here, this shit is why I stay alive
Finally another one
Looks like someone finally wrapped up Demon Slayer
17 Whales? In anime? Fuck off, we all know villains wouldn't kill any less than 50.  Uhhh nevermind.. in the sunlight. Wow.
Who else thought this was a yourrage vid just by lookin at the thumbnail🤣
If it was a Yugioh Reference Desmond should "You Activate my Trap kart Poison "
🤣🤣🤣
WE EARLYYY
He may have won but Mark is just extremely disappointed lmao
AM I EARLY
"Do you know what you talking about?"  "No."  😂😂
3:02 that one kid in class that thinks he’s smarter than everybody interrupting the teacher as she’s giving a lesson
Rdcworld;How many times do you want to say yes? Villain; YES
Mark have hella plot to stand in the poison that long and talk 😭
Omg 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
SHIT HAD ME IN TEARS YO
The poison that makes things look THICC
yes.
If it were me I would've cut my arm off.
We'll collab with RDC in a few years 🙏🏾🐐
Desmond #1 anime villain in history 😂
I love these but why does he wear WHITE PANTS when outside!? Imagine the dirt lol 😂
Yoo the thumbnail is killing me 🤣🤣🤣
Ok but how is Desmond not affected by the poison
No one: This guy to every thing he says:  “Tyyes.”
Demon slayer Shinobu poison xD
outta body shi
Y’all be fools😂
"Aint no point in telling you nothin. You ignorant, you just a ignorant villain"
I have to win the fight
It wouldn't be anime without an ass pull plot empowered poison like sunlight poison
Bro this don't even sound like a fight it just sound like they having a civil argument 😂
😂😂😂😂
orochimaru be like
Ahahhahah
That laugh was so accurate
Lmao!!!
This dude killed everyone on earth just because.
im 14 min late im sad
the way he says Yes tho lmao
Rest In Peace 🤣🤣
villains are just built differentl
You hoed the other 16 whales 😂😂
We not gonna talk about how mark kept getting up or still be able to talk with all the poison in the air 😭😭😭
Nigga really put it in the sunlight 😭
the poisons always fail anyway tho
everyone one on earth dead:   the nigga walking his dog in the background: 💀
I got the same sword that Mark got lol.
Every villain:  *has one ability thats unique from everyone*  Also, every villain:  *has another ability that's more unique*
“You killed 17 whales” “I wanted to be accurate”  Quote of the century💀  Edit: 101 likes holy crap dude shout out to my first like dude🤓 Edit 2: If I get 1k comment likes ill backflip on my channel😏
are they doing twitch today
“Yes”
Protaganist:you got a family Villian:yes Protaganist:fuck them huh 😂😂😂😂
I love your videos anime is awesome
Heartless Ignorant Villain vs realistic anime protagonist
I think I have some of that older poison 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Best creators around 🤟🏾🤟🏾🤟🏾
🤣🤣🤣” you got family ?” “Yeah” “Fuck’em huh?”
They always act like they cool with you at the beginning too 😂💯
Lmaooooooooo
3:21 he's crouching but at 3:25 it cuts to him standing. Rip 💀 but it was still a great video!
Poison tip blade. Nice.
Going 2 weeks without a video from y'all feels like poison
Desmond this entire video is a vibe
"I have to win the fight" and the "yes" kill me 🤣🤣🤣
I’m weak 😂😂😂
did he kill seventeen whales or one whale as big as seventeen whales?
@CEASAR THE CLOWN
“I put it in the sunlight”  I’m crying 😭
This is really how Luffy was after fighting Magellan
Desmond is a G.O.A.T. Villain😅
LMAO
The characters always take hella time to die😂😂😂
This Video had me rolling in my seat bruh
AHEM, Gin from Bleach
The first time a villain has actually won that boy desmond made history
LOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOLOL omega LUL
- “you won but at what cost” - “everything, except the poison”
“I amplified the UV rays”  “What does that do?”  “It’s basically poison”
JAEGERIST really in the comments spoiling AoT for people 🤣
Nobody Desmond: yis🙂
Best villain quotes in anime:  “I have to win the fight”
Frost no cap
I'm done bro lol
plot would have just made the villian lose, nothing can beat the plot
Yes
Yo this has become my most favorite video to watch now  like the villain has no common sense! shit funny as hell 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 like wtf!!
Rest In Peace🤣🤣
These guys don't miss with their banger videos
THIS ONE REALLY GOT ME LAUGHING OUT LOUD THIS TIME LMAO
That ain’t Itachi  That’s Boracki
Des trying so hard not to laugh
Calling out Sasori lmao
Funny asf🤣🤣🤣
This is your here before 1m views ticket.
he do be having to win this fight
“I put it in the sunlight.”
This video feels so much longer than it should have
Killua: I don't have such weaknesses
I still feel pretty good Oh, but I’ve forgotten about my Milky Way poison
Yes
“But why isn’t the sunlight affecting you?”  “Fool, I’ve been poisoned everyday since birth...now my blood neutralizes any toxins”
“This poison can kill 17 whales” loool
😂 he basically put a stronger strand of the rona in the air
Poison users always got the worst swords lmfao😂
Yessir
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing
this is so true man
It’s true my mom was one of the whales
I'm crying tho
bruh dis a fight or back and forth?💀
He is addicted to poison Lol
13 minutes 12k likes amazing👏🏾
Clearly he's the main character if he lived that long with the poison.
do yall use the same field every time you record in one?
The villain dialogue is just like an NPC, had be dying
Nigga killed a random dude and said "I have to win the fight, it's a sacrifice I need"
Tbh I like this Channel more then naruto and I love naruto  If this gets pinned I will be surprised
Everyone who watches this video will be poisoned *drops*
“I can... I MUST get through this!”
Protagonist: I can still fight!  Poison: and I took that personally  🤣🤣🤣🤣
Yessir GOATS posted again 💪🏾
😂😂
This is your "not from tiktok" ticket.
*"I HAD TO WIN THE FIGHT" 🤣🤣🤣*
Hilarious
The only decision worse than putting poison in the sun is when I had White Castle and chocolate milk for lunch at my job one day. My stomach had more rumbles than Rumble In the Bronx, every Royal Rumble,and Rumble in the Jungle combined.
RDC really don’t miss😂
These conversations where they talk like they ain't enemies are probably during commercial breaks
Leeland deserves an oscar for that performance 🤣💀🤣💀🤣
ima have to get that headband its fireee
Desmond is the perfect person for the villan 😂😂😂
I have to win the fight 😭😭😂😂😂😂
They they they have to die
funny how desmond put poison in the air but it doesnt effect himself
"I put the poison in the sun to win the fight"  Well that defeats the purpose.
“Do you even know what you talking about?” “No, but it’s poison that’s all that matters😼” 😂😂😂
This was legit
Them whales be endangered😭
« I have to win the fight »😂
Bru🤣
this nigga trynna wipe the whole damn planet out for this one fight 😂
Desmond is always the menace of the story 🤣
"Didn't even break skin" *Still gets poisoned*
17 WHALES!!!!😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Now I understand why villians aim for planetary destruction... anything less doesn't win fights
Yall never miss!
When you die from a poison or burn in Pokemon
Lowkey I feel the sun poison kickin in... R.I.P, peace y’all. See you in another life ✌🏾
I like how the poison only works when the villain is about to get attacked
Villain: Reject the bag, Embrace P O I S O N S  Protag: Stay Broke *dies*
Luh y’all videos so funny bro
"You put the poison in the sunlight???" Bruh💀💀💀💀💀
RDC
So he tested his shit on 17 whales to see if it could kill them. But wouldn't it need to a whale the size of 17 whales to get an accurate estimate. This man truly killed 16 other whales for no reason.
So unrealistic bro. The power of plot armor is much stronger than 17 whales
Damn he really needed to win the fight
Luffy after fighting Magallen: 👁👄👁
“You the realest villain”   Desmond: “...Thank you”
Bro this was the most hilarious things I've seen in wma while.
🤣🤣
I FUCKINGG love this guy😂😂😂♥️♥️
idk if its just me but i feel rdc videos coming out... like i knew we would get something today
UV rays
Sasori vs Sakura ina nutshell
Literally don’t miss 😂😂
I have to win the fight
the thumbnail lol
Characters do be waiting until the last second to realize they got poisoned 😂
Pay to win players vs high level players be like:
My man said “Ill still have my poison” like bruh aint no point in making more you killed everyone villain Des
Video Game House 5?
This video got me thinking, how did scientists found out that the king kobra can kill 20 people?
Camera quality so clear I can see every wave on these boys heads 🌊 🌊🌊
*Lord Sesshomaru be like*
The accuracy is crazy……
this is stupid
You forgot the part where they awaken their hidden powers as they’re about to die to the poison
He GOTTA Win da Fight!
Do you know what you tapking about? No
"Yes"
"17 whales?"
I seen the title and I already knew it was gonna accurate af
Scp 001 moment
I gotta win the fight,🤷🏻‍♂️😂.
I like how they break character when they talk about the environment
The atom at the very tip of the poisoned blade/bullet/whatever it is gently caresses your skin as a side character: immediately enters your blood stream and debilitates you The main character literally bathes in gallons of poison strong enough to kill 7 million gorillas: as long as I don't lose hope, this poison is just a mild inconvenience.
leland rlly died without even knowing😂
The sound effect when a new poison take effect is pure gold.
“1st poison ☠️   You fool this isn’t even my final form”
How tf did the villain not died from the poison in the air also he still eats food a and he basically killed all the animals sooo.....
Marvel needs a Desmond villain cameo
Mayuri has poisoned the chat
Desmond's "Yes" is elite
Poor whales bro, rip my homies😔
can we appreciate the fact that how the poison works in anime is the fact that it comes in waves like the protag gets dizzyness then they start spitting out blood etc pretty nice plot tbh?
Desmond always the best villain because I know he gonna do some funny shit.
This some yourrage type of thumbnail
Poison mfs really be annoying🤣
Banger 🔥🔥✅
Jay: you ignorant Des: 🙂 YES
i HaVe tO wiN thE fiGht iTs A sAcRifIce
Everything aside, this MC managed to have a whole convo after being poisoned 3 times and one of em can kill 17 whales. Sounds like somn you'd see in JoJo's
Yessss
Bro this was funny ash for no reason😭
I was expecting Mark to get a random power boost lmao.
"looks like my poison is working well" sasori be like and also your my fav yt
3:29 *Gets a bit dark*  QUICK! Reflect light onto their faces!!
Ya can't have anime without its characters constantly spewing oddly specific facts and have said facts be received matter-of-factly
Everyone being happy "me:criying" I lookd at Mark's msgs uniid.lol ~ poor girlfriend, I hope it changes you love Mark?
mark pin this if you love your fans
Leland 😂😂😂
already know this finna be a banger
It’s things that are so obvious we never even really think about 😂 , they never miss as always 😁
"that means its basically poison" LMAOO
2:07😂
Ignorant
Hunter X Hunter fans eating good rn
Just liking the video before I watch it 😉 Dislikes r the Villians who only use poison 😂😂
😂😂😂😂
Rest in the peace to the dude just walking by He was a good guy
“Do you know what you’re talking about” “NO”
“This poison is enough to kill seventeen whales”   “How do you know that 🤨”    LMAO 😭😭😭😭
"What does that mean bruh"
Here before it goes trending
I can’t wait for video game house
lmao
Yes
Cactus dude in JoJo P5 be like:
Nigga hoed 17 whales, damnnnn
Killua be like: 😔I’ll be the only person alive
He be thicc 00:09
Desmond a literal menace to society in this video 💀💀
What if the poison didn't kick in when he was gonna attack??
Nobody: Desmond: "Yes"
“ I would have never even had beef with you if I knew you would go this far “ 😂💀
You ho'd the other 16 whales 🤣🤣🤣
Expect the poison arc to take up half a season.😁
Liked then watched
First 9 minutes 40k views knew I wasn’t the only one reloading the page
Desmond should have won the best villain award for Crunchyroll
“it’s taking effect it’s pretty strong” the same poison: let’s them talk for minutes
I feel it i feel
Desmond need to care about the damn environment. All them whales 😭😭😭😭😭. Side note: this quality looking crispy
Here before it trends
a Villain wit no regrets is someone u shouldn’t fight 😂u will not win
no human is surviving more than one whale xD
It do be like that tho💯
It popped up I clicked on it
Sasori in a nutshell😂😂😂
bro worse then frieza
These are the best funniest YouTubers I know.🐐🔥
"You got a family??"  "....yes"  I'M HOWLING 🤣🤣🤣
peep the dreamville shirt yessir
So true 😂🤣
“Do u know watchu talkin bout?” “...No”
@Akame
“There aint gon be no point in telling you nun u ignorent.” 😂 😂
When the main character gets real like really!
that grunt when the random guy died fucking slayed me I'm dying lmao
10 top anime deaths
You should do a video about the characters that aren’t main characters but are everyone’s favourite like itachi
"You got a family" "Yes" "Fuck em huh" 💀
The amount of talking during this fight made it an even more accurate depiction anime 😂
Desmond: Yes
Desmond trying not to smile the whole time
For all my Balloon shop fans “ I can feel the poison Coby”
😂
You should of said but when and then like a flashback
Do you know what you talkin about? No.  💀💀💀💀💀
Nah when they put the cam on Leland and he died I was CRYING😂
Bruh just blow anthrax on the dude, its game after that.
*looks like my poison has finnally taken affect* -every person that uses poison in a fight
Why is Desmond always the villain...?🤣🤣🤣🤣
The most traumatizing sight was the grass STAINS  under YO SHOES MAN!!!
My favorite poison user is Cobra the poison dragon slayer from fairy tail.
The way he stopacting every time Desmond said something dumb💀
he sacrificed the whole world to beat one nigga. seems legit
Look at mark man 😂😂😂
"..you killed seventeen whales?....Yes.....Why tho?..." 😂😂😂😂
Do you know what you talking about lmao
😄😄 killing yo family just to "win the fight"
You already know the mc finna beat it with the power of friendship
This is why you need to wear a mask
“Yissssss”
“Do you know what you talkin bout?” “NO” 😂
LMFAOOOOO THIS SHIT WAS LIT
Queen in Onigashima right now
they poison be ass tho
1:19 had me dying with the 'necessary sacrifice'.
“Your the realist villain” “Thank you” 0-0
He broke character lmao
Lmao this was great. Villains have the dumbest plans sometimes.
yes
Do you know what you talking bout? Desmond- NO 😂
Water
Desmond really is a great villan👿👹💀
R.I.P. to them 17 whales
lmao Prison Warden Magellan was a dawg
Ok
Mark: 🤨🗣Do you know what your talking about? Des:😐.................No Me: Dawg🤣😂💀💀🤷🏾‍♂️
I was gone with the third one
“ you gotta family “ 😂😂😂😂
🤣🤣🤣
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🔥🔥🔥🔥
bro, this was FUH HUHNNY bro, that very end part when you had the lightbulb moment thank you dudes xD
We need RDCworld merch
😂😂😂
*I have to win the fight*
1:55
The thumnile said it all
Bruh, what? 😂
do you know what you're talkin bout?  *no*
LOOK AT HIM **Falls over** Rip 💀
Jesus that quality 😍
What is that head band it looks cool
Like for how many times Desmond said yes
Ive never been this early thats wassup 🔥🔥
“You hoed the other 16 whales” lmao
“Ain’t no point in telling you nothing you just a ignorant villain” lmao
Desmond is the best villain ever bro
So he basically killed every single living being in the multiverse  Because every planet orbits the sun  And he put poison on the sun   Wow   Not even Thanos could achieve that.
he hurtin the environment⁉️ we not rockin with him
Damm
I love how he feels bad about the whales but not killing off his entire generation of family and potential family
Luffy woulda been dead years ago if someone didn’t save him from poison
LMAO!  "You just ignit...an ignorant villain."
Damn Desmond ain't even hesitating about killing everybody
Its like like how animated characters dont fall until they look down
Why they keep doing Desmond like this🤣🤣
It's super effective
Somebody gotta stop Dez before it’s too late fr 💯🦍
that one captain in bleach with the poison zanpakto be like
Poison in anime be so dangerous aren’t I right😵
ngl, he has to win
RDCCC RDDCCCCC RDCCCCCCCCC PLASE STREAM AMONG US AGAIN
Damn them whales got hoed
Early squad.
This whole exchange lmao 😂😂😂😂! I’m sending this to the hubby at work 😂😂😂!
is it me or is this is giving itachi vibes
I have to win the fight 😂😂 🤣
"This poison's strong enough to kill 17 whales." That's... oddly specific.
He basically described Eren Yeager's character in S4.
Bruh you straight trash for real!!. What kind of villain are you? You tripping. 😂😂💀
Lmao he put poison in the sun's uv rays lmao 🤣
"Yes"
This dude said he don’t know how it work😭😭
Don't read too many comments there are AOT spoilers below
So did he kill the 17 whales on separate occasions or did he find a whale as strong as 17 whales?
All of you may die but it’s a sacrifice I’m willing to take
Early fuckers
It takes effect right at the last second
damn he even willing to kill his own fam 😂😂😂😂😂
I like how everytime he explains the poison, the poison just stops effect and they have a sensible conversation
least it ain't Inyuhasha over used Bees.
Why The poisoned guy die so long😅😆😂
Lmao 17 whales 😂😂
If only y’all talked in Sub and not Dub. That would be so hard if y’all spoke in japanese
Lol
I’m finally early for once 7 minutes ago
“I tested it” 😭
ignorant villains 🤣
Lmaooooo he said your really weak for that 😂😂😂 odorless poison 17 Wales sun poison hilarious and selfish at the same time
You have to sleep that nigga if its the last thing you do on the earth niggas like him can't live
They dont miss bro 🤣💀
Jeez man Desmond killed that role tho. Bruh Mark is so funny though
Shinobu Kocho is typing...
This video is too good 😂
Gotta do it for The Fight TM
He said you hoed the other 16 whales 💀
RDC1 for the culture! Lol des ALWAYS the villain cause he so good at it!  ( im crushing on lealand) lol ijs!
Be careful with the comments. There are spoilers e v e r y w h e r e.
"you're right but I'll still have my poison"
This was just a Genjutsu he was never poisoned.
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣bruh I got to say it when he said odorless poison I didn't thought he farted in the air and that was the poison 💯😂😂😂😂😂😂😅😅😅😅😅😅
"Ain't nobody left here to fight why you still making poison"  Ignorant villain response "Because I need to win the fight"  🤣🤣🤣
😂😂😂😂😂😂
This dude made scp-001 when day breaks
No one:  Anime villains when they think they've won: *weird muffled laugh*
Desmond casually explaining and responding to the situation got me dead💀💀💀💀
bro how many other poisons you got? *yes*
I know I’m not the only one waiting for them to post
Favorite youtubers keep it up kings.
I’m not going outside
“Yes...only for me”  “...that selfish.”
Desmond: “ odorless poison” Sasori: “ that’s my type of poison, I used it on a whole country I just didn’t have the cameras on”
We keep talking how rdc never misses so I am wondering how many hits do they have?
The Caster could be killing his damn self with all that poison in the air 🤣🤣🤣
Poison    Desmond:Yes
Why Leland fall like that 😂
First
Who has seen akame ga kill? Cause Desmond’s sword relates to akame’s imperial arms.
lmao it do be like that, anime logic □ "i have to win the fight".
🤣🤣🤣🤣
Fire vid.
7 minutes ago ayyyy early
I deadass thought he said Wills and then Wells and I had to ready the comments to realize he said Whales 😭
I put it in the sunlight.   You put the poison in the sunlight?!  😂
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
2:08 the way Leland fell
Desmond has perfected the villain
damn  6 mins and already 1.9k comments 😭 niggas really tha goats 🐐
How y'all here before me like this lol
Bro I fuckin lost it ☠🤣 "How do you know?" "I tested it" ☠🤣☠🤣🤣
Shinobu:
Desmond: I killed 17 whales to test my poison Mark: why 17? you only needed one 😐
If it was yuji he would’ve slapped Desmond easily
Its basically poison and that's all that matters. Lmao, facts.
"I ain't telling you nothing cause your just ignorant" I gotta use that line in real life sometimes lol
Evil scientists : how much poison do you want Desmond : ...yes
“They...they had to die” lol
“F*ck em huh?” @3:31
"Yes"
THEY DON'T MISS 🗣️🗣️🗣️
How much poison theres is
When lelend fell on the floor 😭😭😭😭😭😭😂😂😂😂😂🤣🤣
The sun nigga wtf 🤣🤣🤣
One large death kill for one small person
“Yes”
I swear the poison only comes into effect when they try to attack the villian
Would've ended differently if the MC had friends at risk
Why you kill the other whales tho??😂😂😂
everybody dies: des: Well i still got my poison
Nigga straight up killed the planet to win a single fight, now thats villainous
Mark: “What does that even mean?!” Desmond: “yes” • _ •
😂😂😂😂😂
When that person always has that one spell/trap card in yu gi oh
Been a subscriber for a while now
Sasori type beat 💀
Lol imagine what the citizens watching them from a distance are thinking
Yeah you tripping tho you won!
Notification squad 💜
Poison always kill the good characters like shisui.
Why the views 28k you been rusting
Early gang
My man probably watched Baki recently
"Das selfish" 😂😂😂😂😂
Desmond fade slick clean ngl🔥
lmao the poison only take effect when you boutta attack
Keep up the good work
Bro, I swear Desmond has got "villain" tatted on his DNA
Who else likes their new camera?
Wait so  one Dosage has two different types of poison inside?
Ikr
They be hyping the shit out of their poison and somehow they still come out alive😂😂 0:41
You know there's something up when the scratch is small fr
Everyone being happy "me:criying" I lookd at Mark's msgs uniid.lol ~ poor girlfriend, I hope it changes you love Mark?
I feel it I feel it it's taking affect it's prity strong. looking ass y'all be wildin fucks wit y'all.
"Thank you" & "Yes"      - Desmond, 3/22/2021 (5:50 PM EST)
Man really didnt care about anyone the only thing is he has to be the strongest 😂😂😂😂
That odorless poison is just a fart
This is literally that one captain in bleach i forgot his name tho😭😭😭
Rip red shirt dude guy :(
“I have to win the fight”
"Yes"
Don’t worry poison can’t kill you if you have plot armor
Everytime!😂
If u watched Baki Yk exactly what he’s talking about 😭
Sasori am I right?
the people who disliked the video are the one's who died to the UV rays
“I-I have to win the fight.”
Amplified the UV rays “basically poison” 😂😂😂
Hi
Early as fuck
Demond: i put poison in the sun  Killua: you have no power here
Did this nigga just shake his head in disappointment right before he died 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Damn 5 minutes and y'all all ready have 24k view good shit 👍🏾💯
Bruh 3 different poisions really be too much🤣
I’m rolling bro
Fucking Sasori
Lol I had to win the fight 😅    Lmao I had to hit the like
Y’all my favorite you tubers I swear to god
Why they videos be accurate asl
Sasori type beat 😭
Damn he even put it in the sunlight like tf how he even do that
"Do you even know what that means" "No... All I know is that it's poison"
Mark: “You got a family?” Desmond: “Yes” Mark: “Fuck em huh” 💀💀💀
“We both gotta live here”
“You gotta family ? So fuck em huh ?” 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
YESSIRRR
These legends never disappoint🤣
W
before a million views, likes and comments
SHIT 6 minutes and 27k views. Dope
"You hoed the other 16 whales. You just killed them for no reason." 💀💀💀
I thought he was going to say naw he ain’t got the antidote , as Mark said ...he still ignorant doe lmao
You're bringing j
Why Desmond always the Villain
"17 Whales!?"
Title of the video should be Orochimaru be like.
🔥🔥
Dying from poison to side characters: 1mn 12secs Dying from poison to main characters: 22 episodes (then ends  up recovering)
This is a rare occurrence of Desmond being calm
Desmond has the best writing 🙄
💪🏾💯👏🏾🔥
Can we all just agree that RDC blew up and never beefed w nobody on YT and stuck to the formula that made them who they are? Kinda feel like I’m watching a regular guy tell jokes instead of that businessy feel I get with other big YouTubers
That 'rest in peace' like bro gonna hear him lmaaoooo
It's a necessary sacrifice
It’s just that’s easy
They never miss 😂😂😂💪🏾
they always be on some bs 😂
Lol Lelands death tho
*Puts poisen in the sunlight* 🤣🤣
Ain’t no point in telling you nothing, you ignorant😂😂😂😂my new line
"so fuck em?" LMAOOOO
There’s some prick spoiling AOT under replies be careful guys
They gotta wait five hours till the villain explain that they been poisoned to notice 😂💀😭
“you killed 17 whales?” Desmond: “ *Y E S* “
3:13
They dont miss
ticket before trending
My question is how long did those 17 whales take to die because my man was taking liberties with his death😭😭😭
Bro said he put poison in random spots on the planet😂😂
Guys i love ur Anime content
That laugh he do when another poison revealed💀🤣
I had to win the fight😂😂😂😂😂😂
“fuck em they have to die“……that shìt took me out😂😂😂
RDCCCWORLDDD 😂 LETS GO
Bro these guys are the best group of youtubers
He more upset about the villain being selfish than using poison 😂💀
I will never get tired of Desmond playing the villain lmfao
This is so true tho😂
"Ain't no point in telling you nothing you ignorant" lmao
“You hoed the other 16 whales”
but the environment bro :(
You gotta a family?   Fuck em huh 😭😭😭😭😭
You got a Family? Yeah. Fuck em Huh? Yes.
this happens all the time in Shinji Adventures
“You put the poison in the sunlight?!” Bro that had me dying
Yo I swear nobody has died from poison they always get saved somehow
I just say Demon slayer Muzan fight lul
My homie Leland a fool bruh how he just go Hrk!! and drop like that 😭😹😂
His last movement's..... Was shaking his head no
Nigga killed his own mama just to say “it was necessary I need to win” like he not gon be able to fight again anyways, everyone is dead he might as well be dead
Bring back the leland duggy
😂😂😂
“Yes”🤣
The show is called desmond not mark my dude desmond is now the antagonist
What would happen to the main character if there wasn’t any plot armor
I’m surprised he didn’t poison himself
"You the realist villain" "Thank you" 😭
Lol but poison dont affect Killua tho neither poison type pokemon so ash would have been alright weak protagonist lol.
“So everybody in the sunlight gon die?” Yes.       “You got a family?” Yes.             funniest video I’ve seen all day
Villain: *I used poison that killed everyone on the earth but I only have an antidote for myself* Hero: What did it cost? Villain: Everything.
They be like annoying every other bruises and cuts but the one cut,   containing posion they notice.
Wired how the character suddenly starts to feel the effects of the poisons only once the villian starts to explain it
The way Leland fell should be enough to bring him back to life.
I spit my water out twice Once when he said "you got a family? Fuck them huh?"  And 2nd when he said "you ignorant"
Sum light for the gang‼️‼️
“ ur ignorant villain,you know that?”😭😭😂
PROCEDS TO DIE Mark: yeah u tripping tho
The poisons villains talk so much shit about their poison but then they do nothing to the main character
Their is no way these people can't use proper grammar, smh.
this got me deadass laughing on the floor
vid came out 33 secounds ago
F*ck family, I have to win the fight 😂😂😂
“Yes”
Mayuri Kurotsuchi doesn't approve this video, he has the best poison in anime history no cap
the way he keeps saying yes gets me 💀💀💀💀
Everybody Gangsta until The Poison Gets Talked No Jutsu
If mark isn’t one of the most best YouTube actors, I’m a fucking toilet.
Characters realized the moment they are poisoned when the villain starts rapping game to them
POISON IS SORRY
Oh 6 people misclicked the like button not the dislike button
ur gonna kill everybody on earth... they need sunlight  me on my 7th can of sprite playing videogames with the blackout curtains closed: are you sure about that
This was so 🔥
Haha 😭😂 lol
“Enough to kill 17 whales” 🤣🤣🤣
“You got a family ? Fuck em right ? “😂😂
🤣🤣🤣
“U just ignorant”😂😂
Best acting man 10/10
Don’t look at the replies of the comments -_- some dumbass is spoiling AOT
😂😂😂
Nice
Y’all really talking about Mayuri 😂
Desmond = villain of the year! That talk no jutsu didn't work on him.
Atleast he has his priorities straight, he doesn't need family or anyone else, all he needs is his poison.
Poison users always out doing themselves. ☠️ I wonder how long the research took.
Then theres that one character that poison has no effect on
Mayor has entered the chat
u know the villain sorry when the poison come thru LMAO
🤣
And they’re always the shadiest characters with the weird smile
its a necessary sacrifice
So true 🤣🤣🤣
I see y’all tryna get the lighting right but y’all might as well just invest in a big scrim
You use poison? You MUST be evil! Anko Mitarashi: What about me? Kishimoto: What ABOUT you?
Man really been hit with 3 different poisons😂
Whoever sees this i hope you find true love
Quality is icy
I mean he has to win the fight because “insert reason here”
Bro the poison never works to they back up before medical help arrives 😂😂😂
Damn man said “it’s a sacrifice that had to be made 😂
This is so accurate, lmfao
Is it just me or does mark doesn’t look like mark
here b4 my family gets blessed by bots
DragonBallSuper. If you know you know
i promise you poison users be so weak 😤 like get yo rat exterminator ass back to ratco.
"I wanted to be accurate"😭😭😭
Man when I tell you I was laughing so hard I had to pause the video to take a breather😂
Who comes early to a video release to unlike  LOL
😂😂😂
“It’s basically poison it’s all that matters” - every anime villain ever
Thumbnail is cursed🤣😂
Biological Warfare in a nutshell
Side characters anytime luffy and goku eat up all the food 3:25
Such 🐐 skits
3:55 That grunt bruh 💀
Yooooo
Yo they convo had me weak
So basically,  Anime villains who use poison are ultimately the stupidest.
This man said he put it in the sunlight 😂😭 I'm weak asf over here. This video odeee😂😂😂😂
Poison is Basically Pointless at this point in Anime, like there's always that one main character with plot armor who can survive anything *cough cough* Deku *cough*
He was right about the sunlight part.  Cuz, out here murking his whole family for the dub.
https://youtu.be/NEZQPux4tPo
RIP THEM WHALES
SASORI BE LIKEEEEEEEE😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Less go in not sad anymore
He needed to poison everyone so he could defeat Mark
I had to win the fight-Desmond Johnson 😂😂
Lmao this shit is soo true
"You just a ignorant villain" 😆 🤣
*random noises*
Lmaoo they always make me laugh
But the fuckin whales man like what they do
Missed the classic heartbeat sound effect lol.
“You got a family? Fuck em huh?”  Desmond: Yes 😂😂😂
LMAOO
😂😂😂
10/10 antogonist deep writing beautiful outcome peak fiction
Cringe
Poison in the sunlight 👀😂😂😂😂😂
Every skit yall make is too funny🤣🤣
My soul took damage seeing u with whites on the grass
Just started anime just started naruto 2 days ago on the part where jiraiya is training him DONT SPOIL😁
Desmond always the op guy
Uses poison: aka can’t throw hands
😂😂😂😂
17 whales lmboooooo
I BE CRYING😂🤣😂🤣🤣😂🤣😂
I have to win the fight 😤
This was so funny 😂
Ayy I see these boys with the new camera huh? The video quality is on point RDC let's gooo.
Bruh every time someone uses poison it's always on someone who is immune to it
"Yes"
And yet some how the MC still wins
I have to win the fight!!! 🤣🤣🤣
This nigga des got me cryin😭
LOL mans said “amplified the uv rays”😂
did he talk no justu the villain about feeling bad about killing the whales
Man said he put it in the sun he  Don't give a shit about nobody
🤣
17 whales 🐋 🤣😂
This video is poisoned as a sacrifice to help the villian win😮
I loves these videos
What poison is next, water poison?
Why leland fall like that
This how Frost be😂😂
“Yes” 😈
yea.. yea u trippin tho😂😂
I have to win the fight I'm 😂😂
Man I love vids like these
why ain’t yall done blake griffin goes to the nets😂
😂
Poison pokemon types watching this video:👀
Rip the 17 whales, the random nigga and everyone in the sunlight😭
🤣🤣🤣 Damn 👌🏾
Don't worry there's always an antidote for that
These are facts tho
But them poison niggas do be annoying i stg
Bruh dis so funny
I still don’t know how they just have poison like in the blade
This shi funny asl
"You just a ignorant villain" ☠️☠️☠️☠️
He said, so yo family f em huh”😂😂😂
Just a ignorant villain 😂
They don’t miss 😂😂
Bleach type beat
Yes.
yes 😂
wow
U guys are geniuses!!!! LMAOOOOO
"I had to win the Fight"
😂🤣😂🤣😂😂😂😂
Ayo this shit was funny as hell 🤣🤣🤣
Make a video about rappers pls🥺🥺🥺
Sasori acted so cool then gets clapped by a trash can and an old lady
This is better than anime!💯
10/10
You ignorant
He really the realest villain.
I CRIED LAUGHING AT @3:12 That face is priceless
I think I am shadow banned, like my comment to proof that I am not. :)
lmao, why is desmond always the villain
WATCH OUT IN THE REPLIES SOMEONE SPOILING AOT!!!!
yes..
That's selfish 🤣🤣
0:17 give this man a Oscar 😂
The thumbnail killed me 😂😂😂
Kinda accurate though
Instantly clicked
2:09 me when I get out of bed
first
Yes
i thought he was about to give a monologue of how the poison is from the most rare cobra only found in the himalayas or something and mark was bout to act like that shit was nothing
you just ignorant
These gs never miss🔥🔥😂😂
Shouldn’t Desmond be dead too I know it’s and obvious comment but damn
Damn
Desmond really said it's all a necessary sacrifice
Sasori type shit😂better hit up sakura or some shit😂😂
🤣🤣🤣
“Wow you are a villain” lmao
First
Man its longer than a dbz fight😂😂😂
“You got a family ? Fuck em huh ? “ lmfao 😂😂
Once again Desmond is the villain 🤔I’m not sure but rdc might be tryna say somethin😳🤷‍♂️
This man's really is evil-
Longest 4 minutes of my life 😭🤣
Straight black Air Force energy😂
Yes.
Spider family in Demon slayer v. Zenitsu type vibes
Everyone: What about the kids  Desmond: I had to win the fight
lol
Lmao I have to win the fight 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
I have to win the fight!!😂😂
Scratch but didn’t break skin
“that’s selfish” IM DEAD 🤣🤣🤣🤣
Where yall get these ideas from
This is straight Facts tho 🤣🤣🤣
When the hero tells the villain he’s selfish: 🤦‍♂️
"I have to win the fight"
All villains always hold out the antidote then the Main character gets a power boost
Hi
Bro really didn’t deserve dat😪
“You put the poison in the sunlight?!” Gave this man melanoma lol
Y’all niggas get a new camera? Desmond 4k ultra
2:08 Lmao the way he fell
My man took the I have to win the fight to the next level sacrificing his whole  family 16 whales and random bystanders
🥲🤣😂
“It means it’s basically poison”
Shinobu😗😗
Of course Desmond was the villain
I like how Desmond is the villain in every skit😂😂
I’m convinced at this point Desmond isn’t acting anymore 😂
😂😂😂the accuracy I’m pretty sure there was a character in naruto exactly like this
Lmaooooo
"I have to win the fight"
Everyone gotta die
Poison and kill the entire planet, to fight one person... that's evil as hell..
I’ve won, but at what cost
"17 whales" Lmao  when u don't like fish
Just drink milk tf?
People who uses poison in anime be weak af but smart as hell
🤣🤣🤣🤣
So trueee
Yessir
Mark- You got a family? Desmond- Yes Mark- Fuck em huh.
This is better than anime!💯
Yo this too acurate🤣🤣🤣🤣 keep up the good work, but i do think you could've used more posion.
Shinobu in demon slayer be like
" I have to win the fight "
how he fell
As Dylan once said a dubs a dub
He had to win the fight tho
“ I wanted it to be accurate “   LMFAOO
My Vital Organs!!!
This funny af
Sasori in a nutshell:
This poison able to kill 17 whales xD
If you use poison your automatically going to lose
Every comment 50 seconds ago 41 seconds ago 2 mins ago 1 mins ago 😂😂😂😂
You got a family ? “Fuck Em Huh “ 😂😂
Lol this is literally me and friends during summer break when our parents told us to go outside 🤣
This wasn’t a fight, this was a talk about the environmental crisis of our world.
So funny! Keep up the great  videos!
“You hoed the other 16 whales” 😂😂
“I PUT IT IN THE SUN LIGHT”
his excuse every time “i have to win the fight” 😂😂😂 i love these videos man 💕
17 whale😂😂😂😂😂
You just hoed 17 whales 😂😂😂
Poison users strongest early-mid game complete trash endgame
These niggas never miss
pin me or u get poison
*T H A T S* *S E L F I S H*
RIP whales
“I have to win the fight” — I felt that.
I bet Desmond is gonna the villain Well what do you know 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
That’s Desmond with the metal plate in his jaw 🦹‍♂️
Yes
“I have to win the fight” 😭😭 it ain’t ever that serious to take out the whole planet
LMFAO!!!!!!
Lmfao that’s selfish 😂😂😂
By any means necessary as a villain
How these dude already got 10k views in 2 min?😯 goats fr‼️💪🏾
He's gonna look stupid when that antidote wears off and he steps in the sun..
Early for once!
"do u know what ur talkin about??" "no."  😂😂😂
"U hoed the other 16 whales" LMAOOO
Poison dudes in anime are either ruthless or hoed no in between 😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹
What’s even funnier is that they always outlive the poison some how 😂
this is exatctly how it hapens in anime 🤣🤣🤣
Name a better antagonist den Desmond
First
Its funny how the Poison only  kicks in when they Try to Swing
Just to win the fight 😂😂😂
what happened to desmond's hairline?
“Do u know what ur talkin bout?”  “No”
watch this joint start trending in under 45 minutes
Damn how many whales did he kill to know the third one was his most powerful?
They did not have to come for the Bleach verse like that.
Desmond: i put the poison in the sunlight Mark: Man u kno what u talkin bout Desmond:No Me:💀💀
You put the poison in the sunlight?😂
He didn’t even need the sword at that point
Due😭😭😭💀💀💀💀
RDC the best out
Yourrage thumbnail
The dislikes r from the whales
Desmond a menace to society in every video😂
"Why you got a sword if you gonna just poison people?" 🤣🤣🤣
The way Leland dropped tho
I swear every mc is always getting poisoned
Weebs be like: what's outside?
The poison classic
That's really how it be😅😂
They always got different type of posion in every anime
Desmond is a S tier villain 😂😂
This nigga Desmond a menace to society istg😂😂
They be explaining the whole fight before it even happens. Like how? They hoeing every character ong.
Man I just can’t believe I just got spoiled of aot
The whale bit got me in stitches lmao
Why is desmond always an antagonist😂
Luffy : Poison?? That doesn't work with me !!!.........anymore.
desmond always the villan☠️
Damn bro how many poisons do you have, shit
Killua: 👁 👄 👁
Okay but how is mark so durable to the poison but dude walking just died instantly 😂
He put poison in the sunlight 😆
Rip 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Villain: *uses paralysing poison on the main character* Main character: *has a flashback and starts to move*
The Sunlight? The FUCKIN SUNLIGHT! Damn that's evil. Lol
Desmond be holding the best villain roles!  😂👌🏾
when u r first but dont know what to fucking say
Another rdc video LETS GOOO💯💪🏾
I’m focused on how they find spots where nobody is there to see 💀
Des really a whole menace in these videos😭
He hoed 16 wales  😭😭😭😭😭
Sasori
3:09  That smirk
"Odorless poisoning" You talking about Carbon Monixide?
Lmfao !!!!!!!!! Thanks that laugh helped me get the rest out mid push
How do 14k people watch in 2mins
3 minutes and 15k views  hmm
Can we appreciate how accurate they make there videos compared to the real thing
AMAZING VID.
WHEN THIS HAPPENED TO KIRITO IN SEASON 1-
Bruh y’all are so Creative it like if you agree
Yes
2:06 Funny thing is that shinobu from demon slayer uses poison to kill demons though.
Bro
For the first time I’m actually early 😭
Idk why but the way Des just says yes and nods had me weak 😭
yes
The look on they face tho 😅😅😅
Put poison in sunlight 😂😂🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Claim your before a million ticket 🎟
“This poison can kill 17 whales”😭😭
It fr be like that though 😂😂
It looks like
“I have to win the fight”  Top 10 quotes
😭😭
ben chan
Rdc best
"This poision is enough to kill 17 whales" "How you know that" "I tested it" "So u held 17 whales" Edit: So apparently its hoed which the replies section went crazy abt.
Rdc the goats💯💯🔥
yessir they back 🤘🏼
It's all about the poison killing 17 whales until Killua pulls up
They built diff
Why do people realise they're poisoned till the last second
They really don't be subtle with it at all.
They consistently get a 1mil every video. Best channel on YT.
2:07 we gonna ignore the fact he predicted Leland was going to die from the poison
Thats the environment
“REST IN PEACE!” I’m dead 😭
Desmond’s using Zeke’s spinal fluid
Do “how anti-hax characters be like”
well.. im first
Des is the most merciless villain ik😂
This is fax and I’d know bc of my pfp
Frost versus Goku and Piccolo  in dragon ball super in a nutshell...  Edit: I take that back, this is beyond what I said....
i mean..i tested it.. LMAO🤣
Who waiting for Anime house 6
Never clicked on a video so fast I feel like a Stan or something, y’all are something else never miss at all 😂😂😂
Tried to get here fast
It would be hilarious if anime did like this and paused to have logical conversations
The wales come on
remember kids you have to be told your poisoned for the poison to take effect
I like how they didn’t switch up with fame
Demon slayer lol
“Why you gotta sword if you gonna be just using poison?” 🤣🤣
Bro y'all so funny
Early squad
The thumbnail 😂 😭
This was spot on! 😂😂
Leland just fucking folded bruh I’m dead
if he believes in him self he can bypass the poison
Imagine walking and seeing this shit 😭
😂
Sunlight🤣🤣🤣
You forgot to self diagnose yourself with organ failure cause yk all anime characters are omega level doctors
Not First
“I have to win the fight”
Des hoed that nigga @23_not_leland
The poison only kicking in when the protagonist is about to attack is so accurate 😂
MY OTHER ODORLESS POISON HAS BEEN PUT IN THE AIR Why you killing random people with the poison?  *hitler noises intensifies*
“Yes” 😂😂😂
I wonder how people react when they see men cosplaying let alone attacking each other
Who doesn't watch anime and still loves these vids
He hoed lealand 😂😂😂
That guy from Bleach cut his enemies without wounding them and ends up poisoning their minds
Mayuri has the best poison in anime
Bruh they never miss
The worst villain ever🤣🤣
Odorless poison 🤣🤣
"He had nothing to do with the fight" 😂
Low-key a jojo episode💀
2:10 Leland the funniest person in rdc
Ohhh my that’s too funny
Lmfao "he had nothing to do with the fight...REST IN PEACE"
Bruh LOL
The protagonist always waits til their done explaining the poison to attack💀
Leland randomly dropping to the floor had me dead!
Askin Naak Le Varr be like
😂😂😂
I'm on the ad this finna be funny i know it🤣🤣🤣💀💀
poisons don’t work on main characters 😭they always be getting up
Great to know you all still best
Villain: This Poison is enough to kill 17 Whales Mark: "You killed 17 whales"
😂😂😂😭
MC gets sliced in half comeback stronger  Needles..... DEAR GOD
This video has been up 1 minute and already 1K comments, Jesus Christ, people are desperate for likes. How SHAMEFUL.    Now we wait.
People in anime who use poison. Mai only the chick from Demon Slayer
lmao fr though poison be activating at the most convenient times
Bro just proved he's a true villain without realizing 😭
"You just hoed the other 16 Wales"😂
“My odorless poison” 🤣🤣 sounds like COVID 19 to me 🤷🏽‍♂️.
😂😭
No Leland-San!!!!!
“I have to win the fight”😂😂
Mc was talkin mad smart
bruh you hoed the other 16 whales
EARLYYYYYY BESTIES
😂😂😂😂
Damn they got me feeling bad for the Whales
It looks like anime poison needs a major nerf.
Yo kilua would’ve said ok nigga Fs
😭😭😭
It’s about time y’all uploaded!!
“This poison kills 17 whales”  Bruh why would you test it on whales.  Where the hell you getting whales from?🤣🤣
They be like: This poison have no antidote  Then 20 minute later it get one
hi
So the poison stopped working for them to have a convo 😭😂  “hurtin the environment we both gotta live here” he the first villain to care.
some jesuit shit with the poison lol
The poison effect wont wrk unless it’s explained to them
Normal human: Dies when gets hit from poisen  Anime Humans: Ugh it hurts but its aight it will only take 7 episodes for it to kick in
This so true tho😂😂😂
That reminds me of when frost did that to Goku
rdc stays making quarantine better with these videos
13123th
Wait. You killed 17 whales?  ... Why??
Sound effects for each time the poison affects him are very accurate lmfao
Aye no homo Desmond be kinda cute sometimes ngl‼️😏
Claim your here before 50 votes ticket
Reminds me of the old days when I tried talking back to my momma but her deathly stare froze me up
Poison really be like that tho
“I’ma be real with you” 😂😂😂😂😂
Why does this remind me of a CalebCity skit? 😂😂😂
0:10 dont know why this made me die lmaoooo
It’s always the poison
This is Warden Magellan vs Luffy frfr😭
Lol 17 whales got me dead
I need it to cut people so I can poison them 😂😂😂
What kind of villain are you 😭😭😂😂😂
You killed 17 Wales?     **YES**
This is powerfull enough to kill 17 whales
“you killed 17 whales????”😭🤣💀
Cough Cough Kakazu vs Sasori
Early ganggggg
these never miss 🤣
Poison in anime inflicts : Paralysis, hallucinations, immense pain, 50% blindness, intoxication, sleepiness, and most importantly, 0% chance of winning
1 minute in? Dang. I got here fast.
Don't like unless you know askin nakk la varr
Who tf is out here killing 17 whales for no apparent reason 😂😂.. talkin bout a necessary sacrifice 😭
No one:  Tonpa:
“You hoed the other 16 whales”😭😭😭
596th like
“17 Whales 🐳 “
“Why would you do that to the environment?” Mark eco friendly okay I see u 😤😤
These niggas are too funny
I like how they just argue mid fight 😂
Sasori
Dude killing whales  “it’s a necessary sacrifice” 😂😂😂
Swear to god this remind me of an anime I can’t remember which one tho
You can’t messin with the environment
mark jiraiya is back alive bro you gotta go look at the new chapter even tho it’s boruto 😂
Poison be strong and then the mc gets immune to it and they get clapped
Its a good day when rdcwrld1 post.
17 Whales. They really got the strong stuff
You just hoed the other 16 whales LMAOO
1K comments in 1 Minute
“You hoed 16 other whales”😂😂
Who else save RDC videos for later?
Poison The MC, MC goes down and gets back up later, makes the MC go through a power up as if it’s a time skip.
Bro these dudes be killing meeee
Did he use one sword to kill the whales or one dosage of poison to kill them?
Villain: “This is the most deadly poison known to man!” MC: 👁👄👁 Villian:😔
Dont give this comment attention pls :/
Good video
RIP those 16 whales man
Who else thought of hanzo and sasori..
also one piece best anime
😂 and hi
Early
😭😭😭
When the poison effects them right before the strike, that hit different
Deeper meaning 👁use a nuke we just gotta win 💀fuck the environment
“Why would you do that to the environment”   LOL
This man... it’s been a few seconds
Yooo😭
Anyone else think this was a yrg vid cuz of the thubnail?
pretty accurate if u ask me
so true
It be like this until they some how extract it or get a flash black
Lmao fr
Desmond the funniest one i swear. It's just something about him that crack me TF up bruh 😭.
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that Sakura made an antidote to the strongest poison in the world (Sasori’s poison)
You guys do the most accurate and hilarious criticisms of anime I’ve ever seen! Every video makes me laugh! Keep up the great work!
HxH!!! Ben's era knife!!! 😂😂😂
Yurr
Issa necessary sacrifice😐
LMFAOOO
I swear Desmond is always the antagonist in every video LoL
Rdc really the best out here rn!
Saying "it barely cut my skin" was like him sayin "these edibles ain't shit"
rip those whales :(
Luffy and Magellan in impel down😭
This camera clean as hell😭so crisp
meanwhile Killua: poison doesn’t effect me
“You hoed the other 16 whales”😂
why he do that to the whales..
The best on youtube.
bro they just immune anime got no actual stakes anymore same with guns they useless
How the hell u kill 17 whales to try something Lmao
LMAOOO
Accurate as always
These guys are literally the best channel.
Nigga hoed 16 whales😔
Dude in the first 39second yall get like 2k likes that's insane
I wonder is it possible for swords to poison someone with a small cut
this dude desmond always a villain lmao
When he ask about them whales I lost it 😂
Noti gang
I thought this was a yourage video with that thumbnail🤣
Istg bruh every mc is just immune to poison🤣
Hold up 5.9k in the first minute of upload..............we Wilding in here
100views squad
“17 WHALES!???” lol
*laughs in akame*
17 whales ⁉️
POV: you just finished watching the Warden use his power in one piece
They always be tellin us how poison they poison be 😆
How he still alive if it kills 17 whales?
This turned into an Eco~Friendly conversation
“U hoed 17 whales”😂😂 yall my fav YouTubers fr fr
Aye
Lmao you guys are such funny content creators
Love you rdc keep it up bois
1K comments in one minute. I know my GOATS
This is so accurate!!!!🤣🤣🤣🤣
You holed the other 16 whales 😂😂😂😂💀💀💀 Had my Dying
That’s how it be till the MC use some plot armor to reveal a Hidden technique  to slow down the flow of the poison
Rcdworld1 so goated
Can y’all plz get me to 20 subs this month🥺
“Necessary sacrifice “😂😂
I swear that’s how it be
hi
Bruh the poison is enough to kill 17 whales
We want Hood Avatar
I am very early
This feels like a calebcity skit
Why would you do that to the environment? 😂😂
Nobody:  Main character with a little scratch:  "I feel deezy i cant fight"  Main character after being cut in half:  " I can still fight"  Edit: thanks for the likes guys
F in chat for the whales
1st
hoed 17 whales🤣🤣🤣
The dude from Impel Down has entered the chat...
"you hoed the other 16 whales"
“Why would you do that to the environment”
“U hoe’d the other 16 whales” 😂😂😂
YUHHHHHHHH
Literally Shinobu
Desmond an s-tier villain his writing is so good and everything else 10/10
Lmao
17 whales 😭😭😭😭😭
YOO WHY ALL YAH VIDS SO ACCURATE
This whole situation would've turned out different if Killua pulled up 😂
Me: having flashbacks to obito vs purple poison dude 😓
Desmond is #1 villain in all anime’s 😂😂😂
Poor whales
Damn desmond hella cool in this one
Goku vs beerus. Who y’all got
😭😭😭
this vid is Straight fax bruh lololololol
3K likes with 1.7 views, either YouTube drunk or y’all goated like that😂
“aghhhh! whats going on?” *intense breathing for no reason*
I hate da poisoning nigga
He’s more concerned for the whales than himself 😂😂
Sasori be like
RDC with another banger this was so accurate mehn.Idk why this reminded me of luffy fighting that poison guy in Impel Down
So true
Poor whales 😪
Ong
The creativity is unparalleled and accurate. Lol
Desmond always the villain
1000comments no views
"You hoed the other 16 whales" lmfao
Early
Gg
You will see me at dream com on a phone 📱
Des the best villain prove me wrong
Now That's Good Shit. Keep This Up Fellas #RdcGang
The reports say they ended up meeting again at dreamcon, where a brawl broke out an hour after a face to face confrontation
That’s the environment
Why would you do that to the environment?
Desmond ALWAYS the antagonist💀
Me - "I am dumb Random person - "I comment first whenever I am early to a video" Me - "You are clearly dumber
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
You killed 17 whales?  Why tho? 😂😂😂😂
Luffy vs crocodile:
Why 17
Soooooo accurate lmbo love ya #RDCWORLD1ISTHEBEST
they got desmond as the bag guy AGAIN
you guys are my favourites I hope more cool anime videos like this
$250 of twitch donos was used in this video
He killed 17 whales 😂😂😂
“This poison is enough to kill 17 whales” GODDAMN🤣🤣
Fr tho how the hell is a lit bit of poison bout to paralyze your whole body
“You killed 17 whales?” 😂😂
17 whalesss haha
He need some milk 💀
This Is Exactly So Accurate
“17 whales, why tho” 🤣🤣🤣
It said it has no views so technically I'm first my ig is provisualsniper if you dont believe me
500 comments in under 1 minute. Damn RDC really made it👏🏿🙌🏿well deserved
“But I been though worse”  Every Anime Protagonist ever
He killed 17 whales🤦🏿‍♂️
*laughs in Akame*
I swear posin looks like a man that’s litterly making a tiktok filter
Killer Queen has already touched the like button  👍
Killed 16 whales to scary accurate lol
“You killed 17 whales” “I wanted it to be accurate” LMFAO
They back at it again with a banga I love you guys I’m huge fan of anime yall the only reason I watch YouTube 💙
Ayyyyy first boi here yessir rdc and YRG
Avatar Korra has a few choice words for desmond
You forgot where they explain how there poison works for about 3 minutes.
We here first
When yu think yu r first but u see it 3 likes😭😭
those poor 17 whales
This is kinda like the Poison Hashira from Demon slayer
Ur here before 1 million (Claim Ur Ticket)
This is Sakura and Chiyo when they fought Sasori
Nice.
Not the whales.
No views 1.6K likes ight YouTube
Bruh, am I the first comment on the rdc? Love y'all keep up the great work
POV: You’re early
2.1k likes and no views. ok lmao.
why everyone so fast damn it
i’d like to be an anime character that poisons his enemies with hardcore lsd
Oh so this based off HxH
First
😷
That poison caused him to 🎵 CRASSHHHHH🎵 when he should have 🎵 STAYYYED FOCUSED🎵!!! Leaves Anime House 5 outro on REPEAT 🔁
real ones here early
“You killed 17 whales?”
*evil laugh* “Looks like my poison has taken effect”
this man always plays the villain
Thats not poison..... thats his essential body oils....
Wow you just Gonna upload a Mayuri fight like that
caesar clown vibes
"You killed 17 whales???😐" 😂😂🤣🤣
Damn this shi here lol
yo RDC is da best youtube channel ever bro 🚫🧢
This actually exactly accurate
Didn't even start watching but i know it finna be fire 😅🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Posion is so gay in anime like if you agree
Hello
ok
Legends
🔥
yessir im early
akame on her bullshit again
Immediately clicked
Desmond always the villain 😂
desmond the greatest villain of all time
Bruh poison always be working right as the character is about to attack, or connect an attack. Some timing the poisons got. Maybe it's the main character with that timing(?)
Here in less than 30 seconds
Who else is going to be ready for the next anime house
Yo
Naruto be like 😂
earliest ive ever been lmao
Posted 1 minute ago and already 400 comments? God DAYUM
🤮😅🤮😅😄😅😅🤣😅😅😀😀😘😎😘😎😗😒😞😅🥳😅😕🥲😝😉😜😇🤪☹️🙁🤭☹️😱😖🥵😨🥺😨🥵😴🤮😧🥴😬😲🤢😵🤤😪🥱😴🤔😴😥😯😮🙄🤭😴😓😴😷🤮😯🤧😷🙄🤕🤒😴😷😓😷🤠🤑😈👿👹👉😽✌️🤘🏿😽🤘🏿🤲🏽😻👍😺😺✌️💄👥👣🫂🫂👨🏻👨🏻👀👀👩🏼‍🦰👩‍🦰🕵🏿‍♂️🕵🏿‍♂️
R.I.P whales
17 whales 😭
17 whales 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
This is choso vs naoya in jujutsu kaisen
1.4K in 29 seconds wow good job
17 whales? 😕
Hey
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣😂 17 wales
1k view in under a minute
lmaooo u killed 17 whales?
This reminds me of a lot of anime’s but I can’t name em
There’s always at least one character that uses poison
17 whales 😂
@RDCworld1 What if they just shot people in anime fights
Poison kinda weak ngl😬
desmond never miss😭💯
Discord notification
lol ikr 😂
To the 1 dislike all I can tell you is ead😭
Yo
Hello I'm EARLY
17 Whales !?!?!? 😂😂😂😂😂
"Poison"
Do how bad side characters aim be in anime
1st
It’s a good day when rdcword1 post
Also when video game house droppin
Mayuri from bleach
they always get affected right before they’re about to make contact
Anime anime be like killing the random person just to prove a point
Second
3 things are certain in life, death, taxes, and Desmond being the antagonist in skits
These skits never get old 😂
Top 5 1k likes and a love from rdc world1
They always say how strong the poison is 😂
I'd love to be in a video with these guys but I live in the UK hopefully I'll be able to make it to a dreamcon if there is 1
When Cardi B notices you had the drink: 0:19
Yoooooo, them waves though 🔥🔥
Dez always the Villain😂
early gang
That’s the demon from demon slayer when shinobu hit the demon
Sasori from Naruto:
Facts they always got some incurable posion then still get folded
WASUP F*CKERS
you guys litterly act like its a real anime
Ong that’s how it be
GOATS
This that facts, goats fr💀💀💀💀
500 comments in 45 seconds this is crazy
no views with 2k likes😎
4:09 that car is left to fight
I wait for another one!
Cash Money Mark would never get poisoned
This how Goku was in the Universe 6 v 7 tournament lmao
Now just waiting for “how it be when the anime opening play mid fight “
What 755 comments are missing
I can see the hood avatar comments already
That thumbnail is sick🔥
I ate chicken last night
Plz bring Last hoodbender
They be having some bs powers that ends up being used against them
Give him some sugar water 😂😂
Nah but why they always so accurate and try convincing me that Desmond ain’t the best villain actor 😭
Noti gang
Early
Zoro
Clicked on the video when it had 400 likes and 0 dislikes, so inspirational 🙌
Yessir early
First person that’s not a bot....oh how I hate bots
Maaannn. This is so accurate  Also fuck you one disliker
RDC to funny
😂😂😂I swear so many anime do this and it's ridiculous and they fight it all using the power of friendship
Desmond best villain factual
30 seconds ago, I have never been that fast
A nigga like this in every single Shonen fr
Bruh thus is so ironic i was watching Sasori poison Kankuro just now😂
Demon Slayer 🤣
Me when Rdcworld1 makes a new video: YESSIR  Everyone when Rdcworld1 makes a new video: YESSIR
hi
Mad early bro rdc gang
1 second in. i know it's gonna be good.
Wtf seventeen whales 😂😂😂😂
Desmond is undefeated😈
Marks corny ass lines bruh😂😂😂
early gangg
17 whales
♥️🌐
Yessirrrrrr new video valid asl‼️‼️
2.2k likes in 18 seconds? 💀
17 whales ?
Rdc like my comment if you love anime house comment if you like cartoon house do both if you like both
Moral of the story: poison wins
Hehe
This is like that seen from Baki, where Doyle was disguised as a police woman and drugged Oliver's coffee ☕
antagonist poison em and 2 minutes later the mc immune to every poison ever made like 🤨
Nobody: Sasori:
Ain’t even watch the video yet and I already know it’s gonna be a banger!
This too true 😂🤣
First
it doesn’t make any sense how accurate this is😂😂😂
Hella early yessir lessgoo W vid rdcwrld best group on yt don’t @ me
Fifth
Number 1 poison in anime: *C A N C E R*
This vid dropped less than 20 secs ago how are there already comments 😭
The underrated YouTube GOATS
The poison be op sometime ngl
PFFT- I was just watching Inuyasha and they used poison in one episode  hah.
First
Desmond needs to be nominated for best villain of the year.
.W.-
It is amazing even if they don't make it anime house
Sasori lol
Shinobu from demon slayer is typing...
0:08  That run 💀💀💀
Why can’t I see the 21 comments damn it
Find me 1 group that’s funnier than RDC
Love the consistency!
No views 100 likes let’s go
LMAO
how they accurate asf every video 😭😭
Desmond really do be the villain every video💀
Desmond really a menace to the universe💀
It's a rarity when RDCWORLD1 uploads, but when they do, it's always entertaining.
Very True
Akame Ga Kill be like
Wow I got here early, anyway this is so true lol
😂😂🤦🏾‍♂️ dead 💀
🤣🤣🤣
Another banger like always 💪🏿
First
This video has been released for a second and got more views/ likes then my videos have all together
Best YouTubers in the world don’t let nobody stop y’all kings
Hi
it's always that "looks like it's taken effect"
MMM
Dbz super typing
That opening RAWRRRRR
True tho LMAO
These guys don’t MISS
Just what I needed to end on a Monday 😎
@0:20 the quality in Desmond is insane!!
It really do be like that tho.
Mark ashy 😂
I love these guys
These videos be killing me 😂🔥
Rdc what’s up
How are there so many comments already
Yeah these little skits be funny and all but when are y’all gonna drop hood avatar 4 ???
mark the greatest main character in YouTube history
Noti Gang
This is so accurate     Also where’s kids next door 2
Only weak anime people do that
I consider poison a bitch move.
Hey I’m pretty early
Yessirrrrr
So true
Goat
Who else’s favorite member is Ben-san?🙋🏾‍♀️
First
U poison me Naw i just said it
They always seem to know exactly when it's about to kick in too, because they just stand there a moment before it hits...mid action 😂
Just like Poison on Xenoverse 🤣
Love you guys keep up the great work!
Keep it up rdc
Fourth
poisin ivy
laughs in baki
😂😂😂
Yessir RDC gang the 🐐’s dropped
Yooo another lit video
How akame be
Great video 🔥🔥
Bruh yak if they a strong character they be talkin bout sum *"poisons dont affect me...I've dealt with worse"*
Comedy genius
😭😂😭
🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
not first
Lol
Hi
Poison!???
RDCWorld1 with the fire 🔥 skit. Just made my day 💯 🙏
They could insta kill a Nigga but decide to not kill them at that moment just because there enemy is the main character.
Then the MC wins on some bullshit
Drip check
It do be like that in anime 😂
Early early
First
You guys deserve a Netflix series.
First
How are people saying nice and sick yet this video came out like a min ago
Desmond stay being a menace
Im here my niggas kno my name
it rlly do be like that
This definitely Mayuri when he Fought Espada #8
“No views” *173 comments*
Early gang
How you get 7 comments in 20 seconds
Congrats to everyone who is early and who found this comment 🌟
FIRST
The poison really be OP af 1 second ur cut  The next the poison has already reached all ur cells 🤣
Best YouTubers in the world
Don’t play with a mf that use poison 😂
How the fuck they got all them comments
Luckily Luffy is poison resistant to not be affected by this bs
😂😂😂😂😂lmao the first 15 seconds funny as hell
Dang early squad
I already know they coming for hunter x hunter 💀
173th
Desmond is the ultimate anime villain
THEY MAKE THESE SO ACCURATE 😭
Orochimaru in the making
Another 🔥 vid
Damn y'all here fast as hell too
Early
Can’t be a good anime without the poison 😂
First
It’s odd how true this is
First
Y’all don’t miss 😂
I'm here
XD ALWAYS. EVERYTIME.
Desmond > Every anime villain
Hahahahahahahahhahahhahahaha
Bruh this is not cap
This is by far the rudest thing on rdc except for the Lebrun thang
G.O.A.T.S🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
Damn I wasn’t first 😔
Goatsss where hood avatar at tho
Poison don’t ever work how it’s supposed to
So funny lol
"He scratched me" 100 Hp Has left the chat
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Please pray for me 🙏🏽 I'm loosingnmy insanity again
Lol
Weak people in Demon Slayer be like
Clicked so fast my thumb is on fire 🔥   Send help 🥲
I have come
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
L
LMAOOO I swear they be doing this in anime bro
Anime Protagonist: *I fear no man, but that thing, that thing scares me*
Faxx 💀
Ong😭😭😭
Third
Hi
Oh god
This is so true this happens in every anime
Since day 1 i been a fan since that avatar   vid
🚦🚦🚦🚦🚦
Desmond’s always the villain
Hold on cause where's anime house 6
how is their 1 dislike already, these haters, see rdc successful and don’t even give them a chance
First here love yall
😭 so facts and I’ve watch only 30 sec
That headband clean ngl
Eeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
pin this or else you die
Hi
One punch man and hxh vibes 💀💀
NG
Noti gang🧍🏾‍♂️
Lesmond tripping !!!
notifications gangg
First
Clicked hella fast
First
😂😂😂
1k likes in 30 seconds ?? Damnnn
people here quick quick
😂😂😂😂 fr tho
When’s the next stream!!!!!🙏🏾🙏🏾🙏🏾
❤️
Headband fiirrrrrrreee
LMAOOO
Always make me laugh rdc
One of the first
First
No. Views with 1k likes
Pog
Over 1K likes in less than a minute. Truly the goats of YouTube😎💯
W Video like always
NOTIFICATION GANG!!!
First rdc you the goats 🐐
their poison is always the best thing in the anime I STG😭
yesssirrrrr
This shit bro 😂😂😂😂
True
Aye Rdc y’all some goats 🐐
I’m fast asf boi
Tappin’ in like I’m Morpheus
It’s always in the perfect time too smh🤣
Third
O views 28 comments...... makes sense
Love you rdc
😆
This gives me naruto vibes
No views but 1.3k likes😐
Crazy how the characters never realize they’re poisoned until the villain is about to explain that they’re poisoned
Yanagi from Baki😂
😂😂
Rdcworld is elevating
Yooo
First
First
Ain’t even watch and I know it’s a banger
All the akame ga kill fans know the first one
why can’t i see the comments
Love ur videos
But do they respond?
First
First
Niggas don’t watch stream like meh 😌
LESGOOO EARLY
This is true, as expected.
😂😂
It can be a bite and it over
Damn this do be true
Let’s go
FIRE
Does rdcworld reply to early comments👀
RDC=GOATS
Yessir🔥🔥🔥
Here b4 1 mil views
2nd to last
Awesome I love ur vidz
Clicked faster than I don't know what lmfao 💀
Rip Elgin Baylor
Why are these always so accurate?🤣🤣
Rdc don’t miss😂
Most of the time poisons in anime feel like illusion jutsu’s
Be like that in every anime
Lol posion is useless to characters with plot armor
I stfg 😭💯💯💯💯
🔥RDC🔥
🔥🔥always coming with heat😂
They always be op too 😂
Even when I'm early, I'm late
Awadeda asunas su ne
First
Gosh I'm not first damn this, CKHUSO!
It didn't even break the skin, it broke the spirit
First
Aye yo that’s facts😂😂😂
True
Welcome Back
pin this if u love us !!😊🙏🏾💛
Goku vs Frost be like...
Y'all never miss.
Didn't watch it yet but it's an rdc video so its alr fax
It’s been 13 seconds and I’m already crying 😭😭😭
I can already tell this vid bout to be funny before u watch it😂
Lmao I swear they be like that
When you're so early the video has no views and 21 comments
RDC coming in clutch to make my day better
W
This is so accurate lmfao 🤣
Love you guys
🔥
Hey escape I love ur vids first
Lol...i love you guy's content
R D C WORLD R D C EORLD
Yesssirrrrr
3rd
First nigga
True
This how my ex gf be but she uses her nails 😂
They haven’t posted in a minute Yessirrrrrrr
Hello
Lol
RDC !!
magellean  😂😂
🐐🐐🐐
17 sec ago
😂😂💯
Alternate title: kurostichi mayuri
Sup
I love y’all videos
ZEKE TURNS LEVIS MEN INTO TITANS AND LEVI KILLS THEM ALL BUT ZEKE GETS AWAY EREN TELLS MIKASA HE HATES HER HANGE DIES LEVI FINALLY KILLS ZEKE MIKASA KILLS FLOTCH AND EREN
yoo
Fnny
Ong fr that’s how it be
YESSIR RDC GANG THEM BOYS DON'T MISS
Oh yes I swear man this makes my day🙏🙏🙏❤❤❤
LOVE YALL
Another banger
Yessir
poison has gotta be the weakest thing in anime theirs always someone who’s immune😭
Early gang 🤟🏻🔥🔥🔥
5 seconds ago
Im 1st
Yeah buddy
🔥daddy
THESE DUDES DONT MISS
72nd
😂
ik im not first but i am
Notification gang like
Wide rdcworld1
follow me on ig @5othe.rwayz
😂‼️
Noti
LMMFFFFOAOAOAOAOAOAO ONGGGGG
Bro this is so true
Cant be the only one who was just thinking of rdc world just know
Very true
So many people are third
Here
🐐’s
Can we appreciate how they never switched up with the fame?I make skits by the way
The thumbnail explains it all
Lol 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Yanagi from baki
Early
4th
Lol
😂 🤣🤣🤣🤣😂🤣😂🤣🤣
Rdc woooooo
First I love yall
yo
This be facts 😂😂
Everyone first till they reload the video
rdc!
Here
True.
First?
Post notification
Sick video!
Early
Already know it’s finna be funny lmao
I’m dead Rdc is the best
The legends back at it again 🔥
My favorite anime channel 😁😁
Not first lol
I was first
Yee! NOTI GANG!
hey rdc
Too early
lol
Yessir 🙌
shit be effecting them niggas mid battle
Demon slayer lmfao and bleach
Nice job I love your guy's videos
Make a video game house 5
Nice
Who else clicked mad fast ?
Mark u just a Ignorant villain  Des yes
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Early
I feel honored to be the 280th like
My dumbass thought I was gonna be first this time
KANKURO HAS ENTERED THE CHAT
I’m a simple man. I see RDC I click no matter what I’m doing.
yessirrrrrr
Yessirski
First
First
24 seconds ago gah lee
Goddayum
This fax already like 30 seconds in
Love rdcworld
Hello rdcworld1
Hasn’t even been 10 seconds
Yessir
First
You are the best youtuber
HELLLLLLL O
YRGGGG
Best group out there 🔥🔥🔥
Literally 99% won’t see this but god bless you and be safe during these times I’m struggling to hit 11k🤧
Haha Saori
Bro this too funny 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣👍
fire
First
The fall killed me💀
LMAO THE STAND STILL
Yessir
RDC YEAH THEY BACK
Love your videos
20 people are first 😳
🗣THEY DONT MISS🗣
The Goats uploading again🐐🐐🐐
First 😁
🔥🔥
Love RDCworld1 💘  🤣 17 whales! 🐋
Ay
Never clicked so fast in my life
Yessuh
For real
dreamgang, rdc dont miss
No cap💯💯💯😂😂😂
I be like O NAH YOU DEAD AFTER THAT
Notification gang we here!!!!
Im 21st :)im so happy
Bro just imagine this actually happening in an anime
Rdaddycworld1
Wtf are these effects 💀😂
First
*Sasori noises intensifies*
they don't miss
Lol
First
Lol I weak 🤣
Yo Rdc😁
Hi
Early af
Fr
Hello
How long until this vid gets a million views?
Yes sir
Y’all is mad funny keep doing wat u doin u guys r an inspiration
Early
RDC4L🤟🏾
THANK YOU RDC😂😂
First
Rdc world 💯💯💯
Here first, rdc run me my like
Someone beat me to that like button lol
1st here
Hi
Hey
Yoooooo RDC WHATS GOOD
Yes sir new upload
SHESSH
YALL DONT MISSS KEEP IT UPP 👍
Yessuh we here early
LOL
What was that sound at the beginning
Lol
DroP AVATAR
🧍🏽‍♀️
Herr
‼️Notification Gang‼️😂🤙🏽
This video is gonna bang
😂😂😂😂
Noti gang
When u think your first but live in Jersey
😭they know what they talking about fr
Aye
Here before no views
*Frost Flashback*
1st
😂😂
Yo
FIRST FINALLY !!!!!
too early to be in a rdc video
LETS GO‼️
LESSS GET ITTTTT
The title and thumbnail already had me weak 😂
Nice
First
No views and 60 likes the app broke as shit
Sasori of the Red Sand
🔥🔥🔥
XD
Yessir
;)) early gang
Watup
First
It’s always a good day WHEN RDC POST
In the sunlight? 😂
Let’s go
Video was dope
Cool
Yes
This funny y’all 🤣🤣🤣
Notification gang🤪
RDC don’t miss
Lol this is haleriuss
new rdc banger
Fr tho😂
Yeeerrrrr
First
First
24 seconds
YESSIR
so underrated
How tf y’all comment so fast
Been waiting for another video.
Ahah
In there
YOOOO
I’m early!!!
Noti Gang.
Yo
🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
*_That nigga Frost be like :_*
I'm first
First
Gg
Hi best actors
Finally this is so funny
Lets Go
Hey 👋
Huh
When is hood avatar coming back??
Hi
What’s up Broski 🦋®️
Hi
Hey Rdc love ur vids
To funny
orichimaru type beat
1 Peter 5:7 “Turn all your anxiety over to God because he cares for you.” Jesus loves you dont give up on him!❤!
Nice thumbnail
Noti gang
First to ez
Ha
Lmao
Yoo
Post notifications are on
Banger noti gang🔥🔥🔥🔥
Hi rdc
First
so early
DEAD ASS😂
Lmao
VIDEOOOOO
First
First
Lol gg bois my first
W
3rd
yo
are we gon talk about how Leland just dropped tho
I’m gay
NICEEE😭😭😭
Let’s go
DREAM GANGGGGGG
Kabuto...... 🤣
Here to support you legends
10th
Noti!!!!!!
First
Nice
Gazzer gazzer
Can already tell this boutta be funny
Nice
Hey
Love the vids
Firsttttt let’s gooo finally!
Anime house 6
first
Hi
Wsp
😂😂😂😂
The goats themselves
1st
GREAT VIDEOS  edit: admins
Lmao
YESSSSSSSIR
First
Lol
First
First
We on that
First
First
First
First
Classic rdc WWWWE
I have to be first right
first
Hi
8
First
First
I clicked so fast
Yesssssss another one
Hii
Sup
Am the first rdcworld1 boiii
Early asf
Sick more anime house
First
ayoo
FIRST THIS IS WHY YOU TURN YO NOTIFICATIONS ON
LETS GOOO
yo
Will they say hi?
Yo what’s good
Yo
yooo ?
😂😂😂
7th
YESSIRRRR
First
🔥
yessirr
Yurrrrrr
Nice
EPIC NEW VIDEOOO
Yessir
Love be you bro omg keep doin yo shit
Plot armor reversed be like🤣🤣
Early
Sokka
Goats
Hi first
Yeah bou
Great vid🤣🤣🤣🤣
Early
First, nvm 😔 30th...
First
OOOOOO
First
BACK WIT ANOTHER BANGER
Ayoooooo
Frist
Early af
Wsp y’all 😬❤️❤️
First
nice
Facts
First
WDC
Nice
Early
😂
i liked the video
I’m so late
THEY POSTED
I'm here fast as hell
Early
Epic
Finally a video.
Lesgoo
Ifykyk
Ong
early
First
Can’t remember the last time they missed
First
W
Early
First
Rdc
LETSSS GOOOO
LMAO
E
First
Earlyyyy
First
🔥🔥🔥🔥
First
Yooooo!!!! Big fan!!!!
First
E
First let's goo
Eat your cereal
First let's goo
Yessur
Yessir
First
Hi
Les get it bro
First
W
Third
First
Gy guy
Fax
Less goo
First
First
Shinobu Kocho be like
First
LES FOO
Yessssss
Lmaoo
saw noti
Third
First
deez
YEEEEESIR
Yea
FIRST
Sup 👍🏽
Hi
Lol. The gods.
Hi
First
RDCworld1
Hisoka
1
Haa
First
First
yo
Wow
RDC
First
First
Third
Early
Here
yoooooo
Damn
First
first
🔥
Hi
First
FIRST
xd
Ayyyyeeee
cool 100
All fax
Dang I’m here quick
😂 another banger
First
Dang
Hi
Nut
Yer
Yo
Bro I gotta be bfirst
First
POG
first
Yo
First
Hi
Sup
W
first
First
First
Early
First
First
1st
I mean not even joking I would be asking the same thing
Fiest
First
Lmfao
Hello
Yo
Damn
First
Lol
H
Early
Heyyyyyy
T
Stupid ahh
1st
Sup
Nice
xd
Nice
Yes
Sick
Hi
