He ruined his own career with Houston and he’s still ruining his own career now.
they are both on the sixers now!
I like your videos you make decent content you don't have to use those click bait titles. I don't know maybe you do but I'm just saying that it takes away from it.
I said it many times. Harden was part of the reason the Rockets underachieved, but he was not the only reason.
well...this aged well lmaooooo
If I was a star player I would love the team to at least attempt to build around me which the rockets did. You guys act like it’s easy to make a superstar team without a lebron. It took a few yrs and good drafting for gs to get to where they were. Even the mavs couldn’t do it with dirk was giving them a home town discount. They won it before he started giving discount. Overall as a rocket fan I feel management did fairly well even though they didn’t get the ultimate goal. Much better then a lot of other franchise, at least during the harden yrs always felt we had an outside chance. Many teams haven’t even been close the last few years. Even before harden with Mac and Yao when healthy I felt we had a outside chance. Rockets have at least been competitive for most of the decade and most teams can’t say that.
more like harden ruined peoples careers lol
The forgetful uganda neurophysiologically curl because pepper literally reign past a satisfying crime. vacuous, caring bench
Bruh stop. This Russ and Harden team aint no joke. The idea of getting Russ is to have a faster paced basketball where Russ could run transition offense faster than Harden and Harden will lead the half court offense with PnR and Iso. They wont be needing a big in this type of offense. Thats the idea. And why didnt it work out? Bcoz they got Lebron and AD. They got crushed by these 2 players. U can say their style of play would work on any team except against the Lakers. They should break the team not bcoz the team performed bad in the playoff.   They should break the team bcoz this style of play wont work against the Lakers
no, the rockets cant just revamp the offense due to money, its because james harden will never ever change his style of play. they didnt just get a double threat of james harden and chris paul, it was james harden with chris paul just there. chris paul was 114th in the league in time with the ball in his hands. thats crazy to me. james harden wont ever win. hes probably the best 1 on 1 player ever but he wont ever win.
Kobe warned James Harden that style of play is fun and can get you a couple games but it doesn’t win rings.
James Harden the only one who ruined his career lmao
Well you don't get two players who are good and a bunch of scrubs and expect to get to the finals😂😂😂
This is why I love miami
AINT NOBODY RUINED HIS CAREER HE HAD PLENTY OF CHANCES EVEN WHEN HE WAS IN OKC. JAMES IS A GEEAT SCORER BUT HES NOT CLUTCH IN PLAYOFFS. REG SEASON HES UNSTOPPABLE CAUSE HES COMFORTABLE BUT WHEN ITS TIME TO PLAY THE BEST IN THE WEST HE CHOKES LIKE HES BEEN DOING FOR THE LAST 5 SEASONS. I GET IT YOUR A HARDEN FAN. BUT NO HE KNOWS  HOW RUSSELL PLAYS STOP GIVING HIM EXCUSES HE JUST NEEDS HELP. MJ HAD HELP KOBE HAD HELP AND BRON PLEASE STOP MAKING THESE BS VIDEOS CAUSE YOUR A BIAS HARDEN FAN. TAKE HIS ASS TO BOSTON, OR BK GOT FUCKING PJ TUCKER AT CENTER BRO GTFO HOUSTON ASAP IF YOU WANT A RING.
Rockets really done goofed with small ball, at least have someone above 6’10 that can rebound, and possibly shoot
It takes no one to ruin JH's career, he destroyed it by his playing style, horrible for team basketball.
Should’ve traded harden last year. He did enough for the rockets. Deserves to have a chance to win
Why would you give up two unprotected first round picks and cp3 for russel Westbrook. Idiotic
Honestly, the GM is good, he did all those trades to fit how the coach and star play style. They almost win to GS, it just didn't work. I know the GM should be blame also but it's really D'Antoni and harden's fault. Specially D'Antoni for that micro ball thing.
James Harden has proven that he's almost uncoachable, and refuses to work with other stars on the team. He's so ball dominant that you put someone like Cp3 or Westbrook on the team and he just sucks all the talent out of them cause they're barely getting touches. Kobe has historically said that Harden's style of play is fun to watch and will win you regular season, and some postseason games, but it will never win a championship, let alone be a consistent contender for finals/playoffs. He refuses to move off ball and think he can iso his way out of any and every situation. I respect his game and his numbers but he literally had an entire team built around him and he still couldn't work with them, so if he ever wants to have a real chance at a chip he needs to shape the fuck up.
I think with Morey gone, we can see that he definitely did not want to make that Westbrook trade, it was all Harden and the owner putting pressure on him. Someone who is so heavy in the advanced analytics would NEVER trade a player like CP for Westbrook
Harden and Pierce both have that skinny fat bodies
Westbrook has to go . Get another playmaker/shooter and a center to replace him
Not only did Daryl Morey screw Harden's Rockets for good by experimenting with small ball but also he's mortgage their future with bloated contracts to role players. Fertitta ought to sue Morey's ass and then sell the team. To the 76ers fan base only awaits blood, sweat and tears after hiring the analytical loser. The FO must've been smoking cheap grass.
I’d say that I have a good 13 MVP level seasons left in my career
No no no.  Harden wanted him too
Harden ruined his own career. He one those players pad his stats
I think Harden should be held accountable as well. He did not respect Chris Paul enough to listen to constructive criticism,  nor did he allow CP3 to facilitate as the primary ball handler. Houston had their best sjowing with Paul on the roster, but in order to accommodate Harden and his feelings they traded him
TYPICAL...If Harden was successful he would get the lion share of the credit.  So now he gets the blame for losing.  HOW MANY TIMES IS HARDEN GONNA disappear!  staaaaaappppppp.  Jesus this guy gets so may passes.
blaming houstons situation on morey without talking bout ownership shows this dude got no clue what he talking bout lol
james harden ruined his own career
James Harden is top 10 in all time efficiency. Asking Harden to play better is saying Kareem, Tim Duncan, Giannis, Magic Johnson, and Steph Curry played badly. I know it's a tired excuse, but one star big man to compliment Westbrook and Harden is all that team needs. With a absolutely mediocre bench, and about 4 decent players besides westbrook and Harden, they're still making the playoffs. They lost to the combo of Lebron James and Anthony Davis. Which is probably gonna be remembered as one of the most deadly combos of all time. They didn't play bad, they got matched up with the team that was already likely to win the championship before the finals and that's all.
I think we need to trade james for a 1 man to 2 man and some picks deal trade robert and westbrook for some young players and picks and release all the bad contracts when they are done and start rebuilding.
Daryl Morey has always been a pretentious dude who tried to impose  his pathetic analytics to the league. At the end of the day enough was enough. Fertitta probably told him to go fishing (behind the scenes) because he turned his beloved Rockets into a mess for the foreseeable future.
Unfortunately the Rockets were one season late with their "go small" idea. The Lakers with AD are just impossible for small ball teams.
Kobe didnt want Shaq gone. Buss wanted Shaq gone. Get yo facts straight
Just found this channel. Videos are fire. Keep doing you man
What instrumental is he is using at the 2:30 mark? I like it
Rip to Bryant, he said it himself that the way James harden plays he will never win a championship that way
0:16 LeBron laughing at whatever Westbrick is mad about lol
We going to ignore how russ shot 53% from the field before injury
Rockets need Derrick Rose and Harden tandem
I think they should build around Westbrook and Harden. Get a true dominant center and some good forwards.
Houston rockets arent rebuilding wtf lol.
You get more credibility to your video by throwing in “the wonderful world of the kush god.” 🤣🤣🤣 #riiiiiiiight
James Harden just isn't really good enough for the finals..
"ALL HAIL QUEEN JAMES!"
everyone in the rockets organization is to blame for their consistent failures...harden always fizzles out in the playoffs and never moves off the ball...once he passes, thats it, harden does nothing else or waits to get the ball back...thats not championship ball...westbrook only plays one way and makes zero adjustments while constantly saying he needs to play better but never plays smarter...morey is a big one in that he tries way too hard to please harden and comes up with wild ideas to make things happen and really only built this team to try and beat the warriors which you should build a team to beat everyone...d'antoni has always been an overrated coach...only reason people and players like him cause his offense is exciting and players love it so their stats are boosted and get more money...the rockets will never win a title with all those guys and the first step is done with d'antoni bouncing (even he knew that team wasnt gonna win) now you trade westbrook (somehow) and get a real GM to build a winning team capable of a deep playoff run
You don’t win with Westbrook. Just an athlete, without the basketball mind you need in playoffs. You can’t just run through teams. Harden and Westbrook will probably retired without rings.
Westbrook only seems to play for himself and not play with the team
Why that pic at 1.48? ...lol
forever young
I think the title should be, 'how hardin sucks' Has a better ring to it...
I feel like hardens play style is impossible to win a chip with pure scorer and ball hog
Harden wasted his own career. Stop jocking nuts
Don’t blame Westbrook, blame the GM.
He is like Messi but in basket ball
Basketball is a team game iso ball has it’s place in the pros when a player has the ball in his hands most of the time it destroys the chemistry of the team. Miami, Denver are two good examples of teams who play team ball
stop blaming russel even without westbrook harden will not win a championship bcz his not a team his not a man u can build a championship winning team around
You were making excuses for Harden ... yall always making excuses for him
James is awesome but blaming the front office makes no sense unless they didn’t try and get the best.  Westbrook wasn’t the right addition and I agree he’s still unproven but they should’ve  adjusted and got a big who shoots 3s and can handle the ball.
I brought up the issue of an inevitable salary cap logjam years ago when chumps with vastly overestimated upside (ie: Harrison Barnes, Chandler Parsons) and/or slight to moderately above average talent/production at their positions were getting stupidly ridiculous contracts. Front office idiots thought it was a good idea to lock in big contracts that would be a "bargain" in the future because they expected the salary cap to increase 7-10% every year.  What this wound up doing was creating a class of chumps who will never sniff an all star game getting salaries nearly on par with all star caliber players and essentially paving the way to dissolve the NBA's "middle class".    Just look at the way NBA team's salaries are structured right now. The top 4 puts them over the cap. They have 1 or 2 people in the 6 to 10 million/year range (rookie contracts and mid level exception). The other 7 to 9 players are all making the minimum.
That part about Brad Stevens aged like milk
Im so dissapointed in the rockets n harden got better but he should of respected cp3 n capela more than his old buddy westbrook i see now why noone liked westbrook trade didnt fit idk the rockets got some real thinkn to do this time
Gm is fooln e1 he ruined what we had built n went after what harden wanted n westbrook instead of what was already ready to be a contender with the lakers u didnt have warriors this year u had lakers u needed capela bigtime and u needed Covington type with cp3 eg is better fit with cp3 not westbrook
He needs to get in the gym n learn how to use some skill with his athleticism westbrick that wasnt the player i seen in regular season he must of been out of sync n hurt
Cp3 was the leader capela was the heart in soul with pj n eg was the 6th man harden was the mvp but they ruined it sad we needed a Covington with that same squad we would of won ariza wasnt consistent at 3
Rockets proved that playing by Analytics doesn't get you to the Championship round...
Guess you were wrong about Boston 😂 they didn’t adjust anything 😂
Bad move to trade Capela. But harden got rid of Chris Paul to bring in West.  Ain’t gonna get him anything
Why he do that at 0:10
The rockets and clippers are what you get when you try to build a team whose sole purpose is to beat 1 other team (Houston with GS, and LAC with LAL)
Your last point is completely wrong.  A. MJ Pip and Phil hated Jerry Krause who was the GM. MJ never really requested anything because Krause was always trying to improve the team so not the same situation u explained.  B. Kobe and Shaq both wanted each other. Kobe went to management and said he was leaving. Dr. Buss the owner told Shaq that they were trading him to help keep Kobe who was younger and “give him the keys”. Kobe confirmed this on national tv with his interview with Shaq saying he was looking for houses in Chicago when Shaq got traded. Also Kobe in 07 had a similar situation where he didn’t like the situation and wanted to be traded. He wanted better players to play with. This is how Lakers ended up with Pau Gasol. Also KG was another option at the time as well.  C. You can literally count on multiple hands when the top players say things like trade me or get me better players you do it or they will leave. Kawhi Leonard Kyrie Irving Paul George Chris Paul Russell Westbrook Anthony Davis Dwight Howard etc. These are just a small list of recent guys who asked for a trade because they weren’t comfortable with their current situation.  D. Harden asked for Dwight Howard Chris Paul and Russell Westbrook. He asked for these guys to play with. He also asked that Dwight Howard and Chris Paul get traded as well as Kevin McHale gone. All of that is true. Front office listens to their star players. When Lebron told Cleveland to get him better players 2 years ago half of their team got traded. So that whole point is completely wrong. Lol
Trade Westbrook to Detroit for Blake Griffin and Derek Rose. Blakes value is way less than Westbrooks. That’s why you package them. If Blake can stay healthy, and that’s a big IF, that Rockets team w Blake & D Rose could be even better
Mark Jackson helped build the warriors and was fired but Steve Kerr came in (with the same team) and won next year . You can just fire a coach. Look at lac today 😂
I like that Westbrook for Love
Rockets should get a C who shoots 3s Jymchal Green a Morris Twin Ibaka etc and they should try to make Gordon a 6th man again or try to trade him
The problem is turnovers No matter what team Hardin or Westbrook goes to the are going to so what they always do  Give the ball away
James harden will never win a championship. He has no heart. He cares too much about himself. And flops more than any other player in the NBA. Fact, fact, and fact.   Check my source if you don’t believe me: “THE OMNIPOTENT AND OMNISCIENT BOOK OF FACTS ABOUT JAMES HARDEN AND HIS PATHETIC CAREER.”
Almost liked but lost me at firing Morey.
As a Laker fan I am aware that defending the perimeter is one of our Achilles.  So i thought we were going to have a battle with Houston. But if you told me we'd have a game where we shot more 3's than Houston, I'd say you're crazy. I'm still surprised Houston chose to play small ball every game. I mean...did they even try putting in Tyson Chandler in there for at least 5 mins? I mean...as a coach you have to try to be a little creative when nothing else works.
If this was a fact i would support it however the truth is Harden lift a team(Thunders) that if he would of had the patients he has with the Rockets there is high possibility he the rest of the Thunders would of by 2020 had at least an NBA ring.
I bet Harden was the one who kicked out Carmelo
Houston window has closed. Gsw, clippers and lakers are in their way. It'll be even harder for Houston. Plus Portland, Utah and Denver are still going to be hell to deal with..
Bruh! That small ball shit don't work when the game #SLOWSDOWN #GREEDYHUNGRY
Did you say Mark jackson would add depth to the offense ?    Seriously???????
I used to want westbrook to okay for my lakers oh boy did we get lucky we didn’t trade for him he’s a cancer for a team tbh I used to really like him he’s not a good leader or even player he’s okay
Who is this guy Robert C9vingtons cousin? Covington isnt a 3 and D guy. Thats Jeremy Grant. He is more of a 3 pt shooter with limited defens8ve range who cant guard smaller players on the perimeter.
I mean when Harden is the sole reason your team consistently makes it to the playoffs, can you really blame him if you don't win? Without him, you wouldn't even be close to being there... I honestly think trading CP3 was a mistake, especially for Westbrook. Him, and Harden can't play on the same team I think. You need synergy. Get a defensive player with Harden. Maybe have CP3, Harden, and a decent defender, that's a WCF team at the very least, if not a finals team, depending on who you're facing. Right now, take Westbrook away, and get a star defender, and you'll make it to the WCF. Also, stop playing small ball. Not unless every single player can rain buckets from behind the line.
They need a CENTER
Lmao all the stars you named (other than harden) left those teams and those teams fell apart after. Shaq left lakers got nothing for him. Lebron left the heat got nothing for him. MJ left and the bulls got nothing for him. If the stars want something they get it most times.
One of the biggest problems with the Rocket's offense is that both Harden and Westbrook do not play well off the ball.  They both are ball dominant and need to have the ball to create their offense (and be effective).  Westbrook is not a good match because he is horrible at shooting behind the arc to create any threat to the perimeter defense.  As Westbrook ages, his athleticism has already started to decline.  Players like Westbrook will decrease tremendous value as athleticism doesn't keep up with their court-intelligence.  It's also hard to trade Harden because of the kind of basketball style he thrives on.  Other teams are very well aware of what Harden brings, and what he doesn't bring.
Lol I’m happy if I was making 500,000 for just sitting on the bench 😂
trading clint and cp3 is such a waste, 2018 was the year where they'll likely to win a championship. so called "title contenders" but chris paul got injured, they should've kept everyone in place instead and try again next year, i dont fucking know why they traded him with Westbrook, obviously Chris played much more better in okc which lead them to game 7 which Westbrook cant even do in the past years. for harden i think he needs a new team if he wanna go for that ring. im a harden fan btw
Capella and Ariza and cp3 agree
I know you're trying to make a point but Jordan never wanted Phil gone for any reason and it was actually the complete opposite in Chicago. I don't know how many times I've heard MJ say he'll play for nobody else but Phil during the second three-peat. I agree with the video about D'antoni being trash. Dude is like a cancer that somehow impresses lazy ass GM's. Hiring D'antoni is like lighting a fuse and all fans can do is sit back and watch their team die out. When Jim Buss hired D'Antoni over Phil, it exposed him for being a lazy spoon-fed son who had no business running the franchise. What's crazy is even after blowing up the Rockets and all his history, some team in the future will hire him again... lol, you go ahead and like that fuse, I'm sure the next time will be different and he'll succeed!🤭
Harden can’t play defenses I’ve been a defender guard quicker guards than me....I never gave  up but he did...
hardens lack of playing team ball has ruined his career not his teammates and harden has had no defense for about 90 percent of his career that can play a part as well
This guy gets it!  It’s all about personal. Don’t matter what coach you get. Specialists are flexible in changing an offensive game plan
Trade everyone? You mean trade Westbrook for scoring in the form of his salary.
Solid vids bro
Great vid bro, u always on point
Morey gets a lot of blame here.  This notion that only shooting 3's and doing layups is the road to a championship is dead.  The midrange game is not dead.  Also Harden's game is not fun to watch.  He depends on getting to the foul line too much always trying to bait his opponent instead of going at them.
nah harden is a choker
I mean you can say blow it up but no guarantee the picks or whatever they get will pan out either. It’s probably best to take a 5 or maybe 10 percent chance of a championship right now. I don’t really believe in their style of play but if they got hot it could be done and that’s more than you could say for most of the league. Plus realistically the fan base will go to see harden and Westbrook and they’ll at least make the playoffs so from a business perspective it’s not really a disaster
no one ruined anything for harden and Westbrook except their own alter ego. both of them are after their numbers and ego rather than team success. in today's basketball teamwork is most important, just look at Nuggets. they all doing their job quietly and modestly without seeing themselves better than the entire team. just pay attention to Westbrook, you can see then he doesn't give a fuck about rockets and I promise you at the end of his contract he is off to another team for more money.
Come on harden come to Denver
Did he somehow out Jlin also?
Trade Westbrook, maybe with a star from the 76ers MAYBE cuz if we being honest harden and Embid would be a lovely mix of play styles 🥰
I think mike d'antoni is a problem, he made that team as good as it could be under his system. He is a great coach but they need somebody who can coach harden and make him play the 2 and play off the ball!
So you gonna blame the coach for not making adjustments, but then say their roster isnt built to make an adjustments because of the GM. So which one is it?
"Ain't no D in Offense" : James Harden
Gotta disagree with something. You said that D'Antoni's problem is not making the right switch ups but then you also said another coach can't just step in and do it different because the players need to be different. That doesn't add up. I think you keep roughly the same roster, get a new coach, run out some of the contacts for one more year, then decide whether you can trade your way out or just smash reset. They made it to round 2 of the playoffs. They still have the talent to do it. Esp if Russ heals up.
Things are being exaggerated in the video, you should try to be more objective.
If people DON'T get it by now.... Harden is a starter and a good player in this league NOT A SUPERSTAR, if he is he is a SUPERSTAR for the REGULAR SEASON ONLY!!! This has been his M.O. since day 1, he has choked EVERY SINGLE YEAR SINCE HE LEFT...  Matter fact he CHOKED EVERY PLAYOFFS IN OKC!!! Look at the tapes year after year, he is hot garbage in the playoffs going 2-14 or worse.  Someone has to move on from him you can keep RUSS He can take a group of guys and make a run.  But Harden is a bust.
Why would you ever PURSUE Russell Westbrook
Still dunno who is more sad rn, clippers or rockets man
The crazy part about Westbrook is he had the best most under control Smart knowing when to attack when to pass when to use his Athletic gifts if his offense wasn’t there I really thought he finally figured it out then the playoffs start🤦🏾‍♂️and I’m not gonna give him the injury shit because he could’ve helped his team in more ways than just scoring shit he supposed to be triple double man He fooled me this year thoughI really thought he got it
The rockets have no choice but to run it back. But they need Russ to get better at shooting threes. Westbrook plays the exact way the rockets DONT want to play. Bad at threes and taking long 2s. If Westbrook could shoot 40% from three this would be a whole different team. Also need to go into the draft and get a project big. Just a body to put in there against taller teams. And to give PJ a rest
I still don't get it.   Were the Rockets the favorites over the Lakers or the GS Warriors?
Harden certified choker in the playoffs. This is proven every year. Stop it with the oh he had a  bad series. He just don't show up when it count. He relay on the free throw too much.
The man that ruined his career is called “the mirror”
Lots of good insights IMO.   YES, at the end of the day, the team has to reflect the vision of the GM and coach.... that is their job.   I think Houston did not fully think through bringing in Westbrook.  I think the logic was: Westbrook is great... we will figure it out.  Except they did not figure it out.     Westbrook is a bit of a one trick pony... and it is a great trick,,, but if you only got one trick, you wind up being inflexible...and if the coach is also a one trick pony.... well then you will likely wind up as the Rockets ... their ceiling is being “pretty good”.... and facing gradual decline no matter what they do
I'm a lifelong Rockets fan, but I was never the biggest fan of James Harden. But in this season, he has really improved his defense, and I now find myself wanting to defend his play from negative criticism. I think he really put in a lot of effort on both sides of the ball, especially during this postseason. He was out there guarding everyone: from Steven Adams to Lebron James. Of course, a lot of that has to do with the switch everything defense, but he mostly stood his ground when put to the test.  And I agree that our offense has been very predictable these last few years: mostly relying on Harden's offensive brilliance to carry us. Then when we traded Capela, we took a huge part of Harden's game away: the pick and roll. No one on our team is a threat on the roll, which is frustrating because the pick and roll is the most run play in the game and for good reason. Teams are able to create a lot of advantages when running this basic play.  As for the coaching, I also agree that we needed a change. I don't understand how Mike D'Antoni is known as an offensive genius. I havent't seen it during his time with the Rockets. Much of that may have to do with our front office. Maybe they see the stats, which say Harden's iso numbers are so good, that we want to base our entire offense on that. That may work in the regular season, but during the postseason, it's all about making adjustments. In order to make these adjustments, you need a versatile roster, and the Rockets just don't have that. I agree. This team just has a bunch of specialists.  On the other hand, it has been so much fun to watch these last four teams in the playoffs. All are well-coached and play great team basketball. At the end of the day, I don't see the Rockets moving on from Westbrook and Harden. Westbrook was actually playing pretty well in the regular season. He carried our team when Harden struggled, and he did seem pretty rusty coming back from his injury and Covid. I saw some trade ideas, and I think one of them makes a lot of sense: trading for Al Horford. He doesn't seem to fit with Philly's other big guys. Perhaps we can send Gordon and Covington for Al Horford. He can shoot enough to space the court, and his defense and leadership has always been talked about. I'd love to see some sets with him up at the top of key orchestrating the offense with Harden and Westbrook cutting and screening. Oh how I'd celebrate seeing at least one different type of play from our team.  Lastly, thanks for the video.
Good vid. I agree with the fact that the Rockets have been mis-managed.
I don't like your tone
West brick 🧱 is shit, he would just retire. Cancer ♋️ wherever he goes
You cant win a championship when your best player jogs up and down the court, looks for bailouts from the refs, shoots poorly from the field and dribbles and dribbles and dribbles. Harden thinks he's the next Jordan but he just isn't.
So happy I stumbled upon this channel today, very solid content.
Daryl Morey getting Westbrook was the least Daryl Morey thing Daryl Morey could do. He's the anti-analytics player
I agree russ is to blame for a lot, but what about d'atony playing small with no outside shots in the lakers series?
Hilarious, James Harden is super overrated  He had Dwight Howard... choked  He had Chris Paul... choked He has Russell Westbrook... choked  Dude is clearly the common denominator Somehow every productive player that gets around him, gets worst...
A new coach a different offense and some bigs back in the lineup will put houston back in the playoff hunt
Excellent analysis!
LOW said Daniel THEE-IS and I had to pause to laugh
There is no way Darryl Morey wanted Westbrook on the rockets. He’s too into analytics and knew that Westbrook, with his jumper eroding and his athleticism declining, would be a bad fit. Harden didn’t want to play with CP3 anymore, and went to the owner of the team and pushed for Westbrook.
Rockets start rebuilding before that!!!!   Why you think rockets trade capela!!!!!
Man Harden is coo.. but looking at his rosters over the years.. Its clear to say.. James Harden is a ball stopper
trade PG with Russell
The Rockets should try and get Kevin Love
Theres some truth to what u say. But its not that simplistic, where basically Morey,& D Antonie get all the blame. Harden has to take some. I think you can go too far-either way-with analytics. Ignoring or discounting analytics is idiotic. But so is being a slave to them. For example, it makes sense to try to lessen how many mid range jumpers you take.What doesnt make sense is to basically outlaw midrange jumpers,& say we will only shoot lay ups or 3s. (except Rus) I think Harden would be better,& keep the defense honest-if he took an occasional mid range jumper.Westbrook should almost never take a 3. But good video-Im a Denver fan,& Im gonna go cry over that excruciating game 2 loss. Not really-Im so proud of my Nugs. But young teams just dont win big in the NBA playoffs. When MPJ, Bol Bol,& Dozier grow up-we r gonna be sick in like 2yrs. I see Dallas,& Denver soon ruling the West.
The answer is easy Westbrook and Harden needs KD
Great perspective
Harden caused his own demise but not being a great player
They need a Center. The Heat proved a Center can change the game. Harden and Westbrook need help
They still better then The Clippers
Lmao, what if they trade Harden for Wayoff P?
It’s always NOT hardens fault.. when it always is
Eric Gordon is better than Russel Westbrick. If Rockets were properly interpreting the Numbers, they would have promoted Eric and spend their cap space for a Powerfoward that can shoot and a Small foward. For the price of Westbrook.. that means Trevor Ariza and someone else. If Klint was there, they would have been better.
The men who ruined James Hardens career: Steph Curry Klay Thompson Kevin Durant Draymond Green Chris Paul
I’m glad somebody finally is openly calling out Mike D for being a all around bad coach not just on defense , he’s been getting a pass for way too long .
I believe in small ball.  I’ve seen it work and win championships.  However, you still need to make adjustments.  That’s the issue.  I’m not surprised that James Harden loves playing with D’Antoni, all D’Antoni does is just tell his players to do their thing and never actually coaches them.  It’s probably the most fun anyone could have in the NBA, but it won’t help you win
So that's why players suck cause they don't get paid what they want so they just blow it on purpose?
Man im a rockets fan and I think we should just let him harden go nobody wants to play with him
Harden is gonna be the new melo after 2-3 years
The only one who ruined James Hardens career was James Harden. Iso ball doesn't win
Mike D realused what was coming and resigned
video longer than it should be ~~~~
LMAO, here in this 2020' NBA post season (Rockets Eliminated).  I envision Clint Capella is somewhere home with a -sheepish- hugh grin on his face and playing this song on repeat:  "Who's Sorry Now?" by Connie Francis 1958'.    "Who's Sorry Now?" (lyrics): Ah ah uh uh Who's sorry now? Who's sorry now? Whose heart is achin' for breakin' each vow? Who's sad and blue, who's cryin' too? Just like I cried over you right to the end, just like a friend I tried to warn you somehow You had your way, now you must pay I'm glad that you're sorry now right to the end, just like a friend I tried to warn you somehow You had your way, now you must pay I'm glad that you're sorry now.
yeah SMALL BALL RULES😂😂😂
great thoughts in this video
Imagine Harden with the nuggets
I miss 2018 Rockets 😥
Eric Spo has BEEN COACHING HIS ASS OFF! LOVE WHAT THE HEAT HAS BEEN DOING! We need a vid bro.
How are you gonna blame D'Antoni if your GM keeps on trading players evry year. Put Brad Stevens on that team, what adjustments will he do with that lineup? Daryl is the biggest culprit on this team
Nobody ruined Harden’s career but Harden. The minute he decided to play that disgusting style of “basketball” with the flopping and foul hunting over just trying to score like he easily can without the antics he sealed his fate. The basketball gods don’t take kindly to that stuff 😛 and players around the league give special effort to stopping it as well. Name another star that’s played the same way and won it all, go ahead I’ll wait.
bruh westbrook just needs to get off his high horse and start from the bench. This a shooters league now.
theres only one man responsible:  JAMES ISAAC HARDEN
LOL james harden cant even score 60point at playoff, normally show off at regular season. Both of them shooting brick not even 30 point in play off. RUIN harden joke pls!
James Harden is overrated that's all it shows.
yeah that is why they should trade both of them and rockets rebuild
Harden is a great player but lacks leadership
He didn’t ruin his career stop over-exaggerating
james soften and russel westbrick best duo ever
Houston should sim the next season
This guy has the balls to discuss s Westbrook he a legend Bri basically calling the Geordie trash Westbrook a got no doubting that bro dissing the wrong one !!!!👀👀
Finally someone’s talking about this cause Russell Westbrook is a guy that’s good but he ball hogs and that’s why he will never win a championship don’t get me wrong he’s a good player. But rockets have James harden and Russell and they ball hog it’s better off that Russell plays with no all stars and harden gets traded
james harden ruined his own career for being lazy goofball
wesbtrook and harden needs to win a ring nxt year and rockets gonna blow the team up and get good players nad they finna win next year and get a good coach
The only person that ruined Harden's career is Harden himself. Until the NBA moves to a 3 on 3 format I don't see any team winning a Larry O'Brien trophy centered on Harden.
You mean the careers James Harden ruined
Covid isn't even an excuse Jokic was diagnosed with it and he's balling like crazy
You have to blow the team up every body on the rosters has a losing mentality
This is the rockets fault, they force harden to control everything on the offense.passing, scoring,creating plays,EVERYTHING. This is why they need a player like Chris Paul who could take some of the pressure off of Harden on those tasks, and look how far they made it. If they just let harden focus more on his defense and got a point guard like Chris, they are easily championship material.
I said it first. The Rockets going to rebuild this off season. Harden to Miami is what we will see
who wouldve thought the harden and westbrook duo would fail?  Anybody with a functional brain
Westbrook is so trash to me!!!
CAN WE PLEASE GET DARYL MOREY TF OUTTA HTOWN
Wtf Houston be thinking
Pairing Harden and Westbrook again was going to win games but not titles similar to their pairing in OKC
Who would want either Harden or Westbrook? They’re liabilities imo. Can’t stand their style of ball
Just analytics don't win rings and Morey is the proof of that
dude said Westbrick at 0:54
What instrumental is that at the beginning ‼️‼️??
God loves you and if you’re reading this it’s because he wants you to come to him. He wants you to build your relationship with him and you can start by reading the Bible and praying more often. Jesus loves you and died for your sins. Don’t ignore him please.
God loves you and if you’re reading this it’s because he wants you to come to him. He wants you to build your relationship with him and you can start by reading the Bible and praying more often. Jesus loves you and died for your sins. Don’t ignore him please.
God loves you and if you’re reading this it’s because he wants you to come to him. He wants you to build your relationship with him and you can start by reading the Bible and praying more often. Jesus loves you and died for your sins. Don’t ignore him please.
God loves you and if you’re reading this it’s because he wants you to come to him. He wants you to build your relationship with him and you can start by reading the Bible and praying more often. Jesus loves you and died for your sins. Don’t ignore him please.
God loves you and if you’re reading this it’s because he wants you to come to him. He wants you to build your relationship with him and you can start by reading the Bible and praying more often. Jesus loves you and died for your sins. Don’t ignore him please.
There's no way in hell Houston was ever gonna advance even if Harden and Westbrook played absolutely out of their minds.  WCF and potentially Finals wouldn't be broadcast in China, and the league can't have that happen.
moreyball is just not working in playoffs, simple fact
Harden has ruined the career himself. Trust me, if he keeps playing the way he plays, he will never win a ring. Well he can ride with another superteam late in his career .
It’s about player efficiency. What’s harden and Westbrook ‘s ranks on PER? Not no. 1 in NBA, so not going to win title. End of discussion.
Only one team will win all the way. So other 29 teams are destined to be losers.
Keep harden, Russ, Covington, PJ, and Clemons I’d trade everyone else
Best take I heard on this topic.
Saul what you want about Daryl Morey But a "stats nerd" like him would never trade for Westbrook. That was a Harden move. Probably just to upset CP3
The only way they can do something is go for John wall I think. That is a high risk. Idk they are in a terrible place for sure.
The only person to accuse for destroying his career is James harden himself.when he starts setting a serious effort on defence then we can re discuss about that mater.he is just a good offensive player who sometimes is excellent and some other times chokes.
Harden is the problem he’s to selfish with the ball conbine with Westbrook who like the ball also
nothing but spoken truth we must break this up morey needs to be fired and ty lue aint the answer...the way i shared this video
they need a center and need to get rid of westbrook not a good fit u cant have to ballhawks on the same team and also u cant play small ball with your center being 6'5 damn their the same size as james harden lmaoooooooooooooooooooooooo get clit capela back lol dont no yall traded him lol ...................... also need to fomd people who wanna win not showboat
James harden ruined James harden’s career. But let’s continue to blame others 😂
Trage for Blake Griffin
They have Tyson Chandler right? and Mike D'Antoni did not use him all through out the series. His a big man! he may be out of his prime but he can make some difference.
Harden is first ballot HOF today.   He’s made hundreds of millions.  Great players don’t win rings, great teams do.
they are a gobert or embiid from finals idk how theyd geyt a trade but they need a bigman
Russ had a crappy season. If he can't pick this up next season he'll fizzle out into retirement. Dude needs to work on himself eitherway.
This is a ridiculous argument.
Don't matter who's coaching Harden gonna Harden and so is Russ
Couldn’t agree more. Maybe Morey was scared of Harden leaving like other star demanding trades recently, but to me he raised a spoiled superstar who always gets what he wants.
Harden ruin his life himself
Hakeem holajuwon
do not try and say westbrook ruined hardens career anyone with half a brain knows thats stupid
Problem was westbrook isnt 100% but he still played like he's 100% which resulted in a lot of bricks/turnovers/stops/blocked shots
Harden ruined his own legacy by being a ball hog. CP3 was calling him out on it, and he was right.
Harden ruined Harden's career... along with Daryl Morey
So what’s the solution to these problems?
keep Russel harden and Covington the rest of the team needs a change though. I would keep the smaller lineup but have better playmakers because right now there is no one to get the ball to Russel when he needs it.
Only if they kept the same team for 1 more year ¡!!! GSW is greater than any team this year .. and Houston had them nd was the only who could match umm.. they fckd up letring cp3 n capella go
Another overreacting blog💯😬😬😬
LOLOLOL....ruined james harden's career? here we go with the james harden excuses. i knew they were coming. at what point will people realize that only person to blame for james harden failures in the playoffs and in big games is...JAMES HARDEN. i've never seen a star athlete choke, come up short and under perform in crucial games as many times as james harden AND STILL get the benefit of doubt. james harden plays for two thing and two thing only: stats and MVPs---that's it!!!
How is his career ruined dudes still a superstar making 40m + just cause he didn’t win a championship doesn’t mean his career is ruined
Eric Gordon's contract lol
;
No one did that. His play style is horrific and unwatchable. No need for 12 minutes video.
6:14 he caught the virus. He was asymptomatic tho?
did westbrook avg a triple-double this year?
Russell westbrook hater alert  📢
A well made video, but everything in hindsight and not really concrete or thought through in details. Like another Fan-Video without any realistic impact or foreseeing. E.G. adjustment sounds great, but which one? New roster sounds great, but with what philosophy, style of play, which player... therefore, I disliked and wished, I could dislike 10x more :) no hard feelings, but LoW presents himself as someone with knowledge. But he is more like a video editor with some NBA knowledge and emotions for the pro game. Thats all.
The Houston Rockets window is officially closed!
Curry ruined it. They missed out on a golden opportunity
Rockets coach sucks lol one of his players got injured...the next one left and he only played a 6 man rotation lol I know harden and Westbrook was gassed 💀💀💀 and their GM decided to play small ball so they could get tired out
The difference between the Lakers and Rockets wasn't the small ball, it was the coaching. Lakers had an answer for Harden and Dantoni never adjusted throughout the series. Hardens fat ass was also not moving enough off the ball. Small ball can work but they need to have a centre for the second unit and more off ball screening and cutting.
bruh he really did the intro with Legend of Winning , aka LOW.  lmfao, you know you messed up when you gotta say pause in your intro. Im sorry bud.
Russell Westbrook inability to play smart (IE: learn how to shoot well) as he age... his trade market will be bad.... Russell Westbrook inabilty to space out and use his athleticism is kinda sad but as he age is alarming.... Mike D'Antoni is a Regular Season Winning Coach.. not a Playoff Winning Coach.. Can't blame Mike D'Antoni @League Of Winning.... Daryl Morey plays a part also in relying only on analytics..   The blame chart for Houston Rockets is 20% to Russell Westbrook 10% Personal 40% Mike D'Antoni 10% James Harden 20% Daryl Morey
Russ Trade to Phoenix for D Book 👀 D Book need out to chase a ring , they a low tier team that need Star 👀?
Harden ruined Hardens Career
Westbrick has *ALWAYS* been a terrible shooter and promises to continue being one in the future and ESPECIALLY come playoff time. He has no value at his age and contract for another club
that maybe is the secret why spurs, heat, celtics are successful, they fully support their coaches.  teams that often changes coaches at whims of their superstar wont be successful for longterm
James and Westbrook are not winners. They are stats padders. If I Rockets' GM, I will trade them for Giannis.
This video is at least a few years too late, but I blame the people that said Harden is the best(media included).  Those same people are ghost rn
PJ is a cheap contract with limited time on it and he is the teams best spot up shooter and maybe the best effort guy....he is the one contenders would want
If im houston im considering trading for giannis
watching this after mike dantoni is done with the rockets
trending😳
#37 on trending on all of youtube. good job man!
Such bs harden has no accountability according to ppl. Only Dumbass casuals think this way. They're still crying about Chris Paul forgetting how injury prone he was
Westbrick + 40 millions for pelegans L ball 😁
Westbrook is a basketball cancer, i've been saying it for YEARS but there are still so many people refusing to see it. Just look at this comment section ! Everyone trying to ignore this point or finding disctraction to avoid talking about Wetsbrook. Unbelievable.
Harden depends on getting to the line heavy. When he is in the playoffs he doesn’t get every call. He then becomes passive. He had 0 FGA in the 4th of game 6. That’s just what he does.
Low you made some great points but I’m going to emphasize that harden deserves as much backlash as morry & D’antoni! When he gotten Dwight Howard I believe his numbers were 26 & 12 boards with a usage rate of 23% the first year with Houston & in the span of the next few years his number ended up goin to 13 points 10 boards with a usage rate of 13-18% Kevin Mchale had a conversation harden about spreading the ball to his second star which ultimately cost mchale his job for clashing with his star. I just believe that harden, D’antoni & morry deserves the highest of scrutiny. D’antoni refusal of making adjustment, morry for being too reliant on analytics & making horrible trade decisions, Harden for typically having his bad playoff stretches & not letting the flow of the game come naturally to him just wanting to iso every play
The Houston rockets were not beating the lakers even if they had a center.
Stop playing iso ball and move the ball around simple
Low on trending, number 37 but its nice  to see
Should get brook Lopez
Mannn this new 2k my career looks like crap
Look who's life you just ruined
How is it a disappointment?? They lost to the Lakers
The problem is the owner, the team could've retained or acquired players, but that would've put them OVER the luxury. Many, if not almost all top, contending teams are willing to go into the luxury to win, except Houston. Fuck, OKC was barely contending with PG and WB, and they were BALLS DEEP in the repeater tax and DID NOT CARE, they did NOT want to blow up the team, because no matter how much praise Presti has gotten now, people shit on him for being in a FAR worse spot than Morey is in now.  Meanwhile, not only has Houston let key players walk to avoid it, they even make bullshit trades at the deadline to avoid being like 1.5 million in the luxury. The owner is scum, he's a Donald Trump wannabe, he was already not as rich and overleveraged BEFORE COVID, and now he's screwed, but he won't sell the team. We didn't have YouTube hot takes back then, but people said the same thing about Hakeem before he went back-to-back.
There's a filipino kid named kai sotto he's 7'2 has high iq, good passer, great 3 point shooter can play 3,4 or 5. Can give 3-5 million contract. No need to draft him just give him a call and pick him up.
Imagine Westbrook in Nuggets with Jokic Bol Bol and Murray
2:08 the face house made when the girl asked for her to come through to the bubble 😂 🤣
the men who ruined james harden's career is the one and only james harden
Cp3 was the real reason the rockets fell out of championship contention
As a Rockets fan, I agree with just about everything you said except the Daryl Morey point. I don’t think this roster isn’t versatile enough to compete for a title in a new coach’s system. In theory, this should be a bad defensive team, but they had the best defensive rating in the first round because they were quicker and more versatile than everyone else. They don’t need to run the Mike D’Antoni system, but they do need to capitalize on a high volume of 3’s. Running post plays with anyone (not just a bad post player like Tucker) doesn’t make sense in terms of analytics. Every team is running away from post plays, not just the Rockets.
You are wrong on so many aspects. Where do I even begin.....  Starting with the teams Harden lost to *after* he had a powerful duo with Dwight/CP3/Russ. Harden lost in 2015 to the Warriors who went on to win the Championship. In 2018 and 2019, he lost to one of the 4 greatest teams of all time. In 2020, he's lost to LeBron James, who is arguably 1 or 2 all time. The players he lost to - Curry, KD, LeBron are all future top 10-15 all time players.  Now, about Mike D'Antoni. When he coached the Suns, he lost to a top 4 greatest all time team, the Spurs Dynasty. He was unfortunate to have injuries all the time on his team since then, which erased the Suns. In Houston, he lost to another top 4 team in GSW and then LeBron James. Doesn't look like he lost to nobodies......  Coming to Harden and the game's coaching, you discussed how Brad Stevens and Spoelstra adjusted their game plans whenever their star player struggled. Who exactly could D'Antoni fall back to? Russ couldn't shoot, Eric Gordon was hot trash and the remaining team was absolutely garbage. If all the pressure is on Harden to score and with no offensive support, he will *DEFINITELY lose.* We saw last year in the finals how Steph couldn't do anything because no one on the Warriors could make shots even under the rim! The Raps focused on Steph and the game was over.  Finally, the title of this vid. Do we say that John Stockton, Karl Malone, Patrick Ewing, Gary Payton and Shawn Kemp had their career ruined just because they lost to greatness? MJ and the Bulls were great. They won because they were simply better. GSW, Curry, LeBron are all greater than Harden and the Rockets. To lose to gods of basketball doesn't mean you were bad. You just weren't good enough. People speak as if Harden and the Rockets are the next coming of MJ and the Bulls. They were NEVER the overwhelming favourites. GSW was till the last few years, before that the Spurs, before that the Lakers. And now, it was between the Clippers and the Lakers.  Someone has to be the fall guy and get the blame. That doesn't mean that they actually deserved the blame. Upsets don't happen often in the NBA. In recent memory, only 3 big upsets happened - 2015 GSW win, 2011 Dallas win, 2004 Pistons win.
What we ignore is that if LeBron were on this team all those who underperformed would've been traded 2 years ago not the rockets keep resigning unproven players get the same results.
Mark jackson, harden, klay thompson / buddy hield, ibaka, covington, westbrook and bench such as gordon, tucker, house, mclemore will be great 👍👍👍
Sign boogie cousins
Great analysis.  D'Antoni is a SHITTY coach!!!  Not enough blame going to him.
Morey's commitment to the "analytical data" is another problem. You can't tell Westbrook it's either a three or a layup
I personally wouldn't expect anything exceptional from a player who spent the last five seasons hogging the ball in iso, stepping back, traveling and flopping in the paint. His consistency is low, he gets too many turnovers and he doesn't want to move much on the court. It doesn't matter who you get alongside, if you don't play as a team, they might as well be no name college players. Then you need to be Wilt Chamberlain to win championships, not James Harden.
Westbrook . Needs to practice his shooting . And passing skills.  That athleticism will not carry you through out your Career
First time watching one of your videos and gotta say, it was a great production. Script, transitions, visuals. Awesome bro.
Rockets need to assign a legit big man .. that's it . Enough with this bullshit small ball line up .
Yesterday I've watched a Rockets game from 2013 when Houston had Jeremy Lin in the line-up. Harden played great off ball and still managed to score 45 points or so. He had a great game but the game was a lot more fluid than this recent years's Rockets. The problem here is management and coaching. The Rockets can sign a guy like Aaron Baynes and still have Westbrook attacking the basket. The Rockets need to develop a mid-range strategy too. Watch players like Kawhi, Murray and Jokic operate. They are almost unguardable because they can hurt you from anywhere on the court.  The problem here is strategy and lack of a multi-dimentional approach to the game.
Lmao what? Harden ruined his own career by choking in the playoffs yearly.
Youtube is getting real comfortable with these 15 second double ads .
I agree with a coaching change for sure but Westbrook and Harden are good enough with a new offence to make this work.  Obviously Ibaka would be the PERFECT player for this team but even a lesser big like Aron Baynes would do absolute wonders for this team.  Watching the Lakers bully them in the post was horrible to watch, and PJ Tucker should file abuse charges for having to defend Centers on a nightly basis
If they only had Westbrook 😔
You know Harden was the one that asked for Westbrook right?  Morey didn't want to do the trade.
Rockets dont need to blow things up. They just need some inside scoring. There are plenty of those around the league. You got PJ Tucker and Couvington who are 3 and D. Neither can dribble, rebound, or block shots good enough. And they are not scoring threats. Houston needs to respect the front court and get some guys that are threats. Dont have to be allstars but get some threats...
They need a stretch that can spread the flour so the paint is open but can still play good paint defense like a miles turner
why can't I turn on the notification bell? its saying this content is made for kids which doesn't make sense this content is for of all ages
If you are reading this comment:  🏆BE BLESSED!!!  🏀BE BLESSED!!!  🏀BE BLESSED!!!  🏀BE BLESSED!!!  🏀
Morey is actually a shit gm
I pretty much agree with this assessment. 80 to 95% Agree.
Problem is when harden got doubled they had inconsistent shooters who shot wide open bricks. If they had a player that is effecient like klay or steph , it would really change the story.
To much ISO ball.
whatever Houston, you got a cancer in your roster that you won't be able to trade for the foreseeable future. No one wants an athletic statpadder.
I am not even a rocket fan but Capella made their games interesting with quite good rotation which makes it very sad.
why would you want westbrook on your team? lol
Westbrook has always been garbage to me and a huge team killer...if Westbrook cared about his reputation and really cared about winning he would be a sixth man...thats the best place for him really...
Yoooo the Homie Legend of Winning aka Low is #38 on trending in the US Youtube page 😱 lets go! 💪😤
Keep Westbrook, Harden, and Covington. Blow the rest of the team up.
Is the Warriors trade exception and either a couple of 2nds and/or a player not good enough to relieve the rockets of either cov. or tucker and like, Chandler financially? Would that give them any flexibility to get a decent role player?
Harden and Russ will never win a ring. Easy enough
Harden has never meshed well with any superstar or coach that he's had since coming to houston. The coaching hasnt helped at all, but honestly we cannot sit here and say that harden hasn't been stubborn and is willing to change his style of play. In fact they catered this team SPECIFICALLY for harden's playstyle the past years and the best year they had was when chris paul was there involving everyone on the team (basically when harden was forced to play the most offball he's ever played since okc). Harden hates playing offball and has not (so far) done anything to improve that. His low post defense is elite but his perimeter defense has been iffy. Harden cannot play in another system unless if the system is surrounded around him. How many years will it take before we realize that you cannot win a championship with harden as your number 1?
James and Davis just better than harden and Westbrook....it's really that simple
⚠️Attention⚠️ At the end of 2020 we are going to yell "jumanji" to get out of this year.
Fun fact: The word microscope is bigger then gigantic..
It is not D Antoni's fault, everyone that has watched basketball for the last decade knows exactly what he brings to a team, so whoever put him there is to blame
38 on trending
Hello Friends, I shared money-saving sites and applications on my channel. Thank you for reading my comment.😀
you lost me at "Mark Jackson is a coach that makes adjustmen" LMAO
*Hey to you reading* ... you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” *www.soul.fish*
If Westbrook played 10-20 years ago...
100% agree with you！
I know he's tired of looking at westbrook 😂🖐😂
I believe D’Antoni is the biggest reason, every player has bad games his lack of versatility is the reason they almost always lose, and I don’t think Daryl Morey is too at fault here because most likely he only made the roster this way because D’Antoni and Harden wanted it that way
To the person that’s reading this:  You’re very intelligent and adorable human! Stay healthy in quarantine  My dream is to have 2k subscribers.I been struggling to get there.🙏 Stay intelligent
I hope Eric Gordan is saving his money.  $14+ million for underperforming and getting old.  Someone from M1 Finance or Fidelity needs to reach out to him.
James harden is trash , how many times, y’all should learn to stop blaming others for your failure
The only 3 player I want to see stay are harden,tucker, and covington. Westbrook needs to go tho
woulda been fine if they kept Chris Paul
Mark jackson, klay thompson, ibaka 👍
PLEASE TAKE THE TIME TO READ THIS. IT'S THE MOST IMPORTANT THING YOU COULD EVER DO AND IT ONLY TAKES A FEW MINUTES ARE YOU 100% SURE THAT IF YOU DIED TODAY THAT YOU WOULD GO TO HEAVEN? (CLICK 'READ MORE')  There are some things that you should know:  1. Realize that you are a sinner and in need of a Savior:  Ro 3:23 "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;"  Ro 3:10 "As it is written, There is none righteous, no, not one:"  It all began when the first humans, Adam and Eve were created and God put them in the garden of Eden. God created them perfect to live in fellowship with Him. There was no death or sorrow. God told them not to eat of the tree of the knowledge of good and evil. They disobeyed God and as a result, sin entered into the world. The pain, which this world sees, is the result of sin.  2. Because of our sins, we die both spiritually and physically, but God sent His Son to die so that you can have a chance not to have to go to hell by accepting what He did on the cross:  Ro 6:23 "For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord."  Ro 5:8 "But God demonstrates His own love toward us, in that while we were still sinners, Christ died for us."  Every person who has ever lived is a sinner and is not righteous because we do bad things. A sin is a crime against God, just as if you steal something at the store, it is punishable by going to jail. It's the same thing with sin. Lying, stealing, sex before marriage, pride, hatred, ect. are all sins. Hell is a prison for those who commit crimes against God. That’s because you must be perfect in order to get to heaven. No matter how well you live your life from then on, you have already sinned, which will be punished if you are not pardoned. If you commit a crime, and then live as a good citizen you still will go to jail for the crime you committed. Right? Just as the President can pardon a crime so you won't go to jail, Jesus can pardon your sins so that you do not go to hell, and can go to heaven when you die. You won’t have to pay for your own sins because Jesus already did that for you. But if you reject the pardon that He offers, you will have to pay for your own sins by going to hell.  3. If you will confess Jesus Christ as Your Lord, place your Faith in Him and Believe in your heart that He died, shed His blood and rose again as a sacrifice for your sins, you will be saved (from hell).  Heb 11:6 But without faith it is impossible to please Him, for he who comes to God must believe that He is, and that He is a rewarder of those who diligently seek Him.   Heb 9:22 And almost all things are by the law purged with blood; and without shedding of blood is no remission.  You cannot get to heaven by being a good person, going to church, baptism or any other way other than by turning to Jesus, believing in your heart that He died on the cross and rose from the dead for your sins and placing your Faith in Him. While these are good things to do, some people believe that they will get to heaven, but your Faith must be in Christ and His sacrifice alone and nothing else, giving your life to Him.   Eph 2:8,9 For by grace you have been saved through faith, and that not of yourselves; it is the gift of God, not of works, lest anyone should boast.  Ro 10:9,10;13 "that if you confess with your mouth the Lord Jesus and believe in your heart that God has raised Him from the dead, you will be saved..For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved."  4.  You must submit your life to Jesus Christ and His will in Faith, believing in your heart that He died and rose again shedding His blood to pay for your sins as a sacrifice to God.  If you want to accept Jesus free gift of salvation, or if you have any doubts about whether or not you are going to heaven, HUMBLY PRAY THIS PRAYER TO GOD FROM YOUR HEART IN FAITH:  ”Dear Lord Jesus I know that I have sinned against you and need you to save me.  I believe that You are the Lord and believe in my heart that You died on the Cross and Rose from the dead, shedding your blood as a Sacrifice for my sins.  I turn to You as the only way of salvation, I submit my life to you, placing my Faith and Trust in You as Lord of my life, Please save me and I thank You for it, in Jesus holy name, Amen.”  If you have placed your faith in Jesus Christ and meant it with all of your heart, you are now a child of God and will go to heaven. Now that you are on your way to heaven, you should attend a bible believing church and follow in baptism...
Karma
LOW is trending 🔥
Y’all thought they was gonna destroy the league when Westbrook got traded to Houston!! 😂😂😂 Both of them are trash! Imagine is Steph & KD would have lost on the second round, y’all would still be talking shit to this day.
Me being a rockets fan, it hurts that we’ve had all this success for years yet we haven’t been able to get over the hump in the playoffs
Hey there I'm from California 34 yrs old single gay, are you?
Westbrook and Harden do not compliment one another.  Harden is incapable of playing off the ball, and Westbrook’s shooting deficiencies are emphasized in the playoffs.   It’ll work in the grind of a long regular season, but not in the playoffs against quality.  Westbrook’s career playoff percentages are atrocious.
Bro I’m just sayin Westbrook is the most over rated player in the league
Yooo you’re trending!!
Mike D already left. Small ball was a failure. They got beat by the superior team in the Lakers. At least they got beat by the 2020 NBA champs.
YOOOO LOW ON TRENDING
Low sounded pissed
Good video
Harden, Will best work with the likes of reddick & korver Type OF players + tucker + capela..
every like is a person that wants LOW in AMP
conclusion: the rockets are screwed
CP is better than west
Pj balling like that at 36? 👀😳
Chris Paul was perfect in Houston ; they almost beat Golden States if he wasn't injured.
Lakers changed their gamestyle. The Lakers went small with AD at the 5. They had better small players in Lebron and Ad. They just trapped Harden and easily beat the others.
2 things. Lack of midrange shooting made them predictable and no off ball movement. I could also mention no attention to detail on defense, transition, zero PnR or post game... but you know.
Who gives a green crap
Honestly who ever thought the Rockets would beat the Lakers....
LowWWWWW TREndddingggg We definitely gotta get amp Low
Finally I've miss your videos
austenites majors
will argue that morey  built the system for harden and d'antoni gave him the ball. Harden would not have had the back to back hof tier seasons he had without both of them
LOW legit sounds sorry for Harden ... I'm generally surprised
Rockets should keep Covington
Rockets needed to give EG more touches
This season was very disappointed, I'm starting to think we won't win with harden leading this squad
I also feel like james harden play style is a system which can be a system
You a dumbass. Lmao an injured Russell Westbrook who averaged 27, 7 and 7, proving himself as a superstar in the league than playing a couple bad games in the playoffs forced the rockets to rebuild and ruined Harden’s career?   Did the word “quad” just leave everybody’s brain?
Lol, Westbrook was injured. The trade was good, with CP3 or without no championship, with Clint definitely no championship, but with Westbrook fully fit Lakers would be in trouble
“He’s going to run flopping for Marcus smart” 😭😭😭
wrong title
Wtf is this guy talking about. 1st of all who taught James Harden to iso for 3 quarters then go dead in the 4th?  Who taught him to not involve his team in the offense then not involve himself on defense? What coach let's Harden do wtf he wants on the court?
Did the Celtics run floppy for Jaylen?? My first thought was no, but now I really dont remember lol
I saw no heart from Harden this series.  The great ones try to split double teams , not pass out of it everytime and start pouting on the top of the key. PS Let's go lakers.
0:02 AKA AMP LOW‼️
imo its on harden as well. we seen him play with so many different playstyles and he just makes them worse he cannot play with anything but 3 and D catch and shoot players
JH is just not a playoff player...regular season king yes, but playoff...not so
Its a 1 year experiment. You are overreacting.
There just ONE problem. Harden choke in the playoffs. Dude needs to step up and pickup the fckn ball in crunch time.
Imagine saying, “I’m ONLY making 3 million dollars a year.” 99% of people gon look at you crazy. Lol
They shouldve just kept CP3 they greedy asf 😂😂😂😂
Literally no one him “trade everyone” us  “we ain’t trading harden we ain’t dumb to give away talent like that”😂😂
This is such a bad take. Only James is responsible for his own career. Hell even Kobe warned him that his iso ball play will not make him get anywhere? How else would Kobe know? Well cause he been there done that with iso and in 2006 it did nothing at all. He wasn’t criticizing James he was spilling truth. And now we’re seeing it first hand that Kobe doesn’t need to be a coach to understand what he’s saying.
Harden is not a championship caliber player. Period.
The rare L.O.W video. What a honor🙌🙌
I don’t think they need to “blow it up” tbh. This is the first year of the Westbrook/Harden tandem. Although it’s concerning considering OKC took them to 7 games and the Lakers cruised past them in the second round, I do think they can give it another shot for next season and see how it goes. The system is to blame tbh. Their tactics work for the regular season, but the Playoffs? They got exposed badly. Daryl Morey is so adamant in making it work, but it hasn’t gotten them anywhere for the last few seasons. There’s more to the game than just analytics. That’s just me though. 🤷🏻‍♂️
Westbrook ain't the one who told Daryle Morey to trade Capela, Russ been playing with a center his whole career and won an MVP while doing so, Russ best game of the season was with Capela on the floor against Minnesota where Russ scored 45 pts, it was Dantoni idea to go all in on Small Ball, had they had a center and a healthy Westbrook I believe they could of went further, people are also forgetting that Russ was dealing with a quad injury and was playing through it
Stop blaming everyone else he couldn't win with russ and KD he couldn't win with D Howard he couldn't win with CP3 he couldn't win with Russ. Stop shifting the blame Harden just doesn't have championship pedigree or the ability to lead in the playoffs he's a top 3 scorer all time but thats it
Not sure if that title is serious.
Hi low
I can’t see how harden doesn’t get any blame
The Rockets were 24th in the league in 3P% this year. Of course their small ball game wasn’t going to work. If they can add some good shooters this offseason, it might go very differently. They don’t need to blow it up yet.
D Antoni needed to run 2 lineups
Houston gonna keep Westbrook cause of James house in needs two line up one small ball with Westbrook and one big man line up with harden
Other way around bro, harden and the teams playstyle ruined the career of anyone who joins the rockets
I dont owe anybody anything now with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
They wanted to play small ball.  Endgame
Perfect basketball every game is impossible
Frankly if PJ, House, and everyone else were better shooters, the Lakers would have had their hands full
I really don’t believe that. Daryl Morey gave the rockets the best chance of winning a title. They were closer than any other team to beating a near fully healthy KD warriors. No other team can say that. Harden just underperforms in big moments. He’s done this since the start of his okc days.
Post more often bro
🐐
Clearly on harden .
JAMES HARDEN. TRADE HIM AWAY NOW
I think they really need to just run a new year with a different coach and trade westbrook
James harden ruined his own career
the team that acquired westbrook would be the biggest loser this offseason. this guy has nothing to offer in playoffs.  at one point i can even tell houston is playing better with westbrook on bench.
ADJUSTMENTS that's literally what they needed a center wouldve been even better ADJUSTMENTS is all I'm gonna preach
Also to be fair Harden was right about Mchale and Howard. Paul is a better fit than Westbrook but he is also an asshole to teammates.
While I get you're position on the GM needing to be able to tell the superstar "no" when it matters most (like the Rockets should have done when Harden wanted CP3 shipped out), that only works if you have the backing of ownership.  Tilman Fertitta has not provided this backing to Morey and MDA.  Morey would never in a million years have traded for Russ without a gun to his head.  He never would have had a gun to his head if Fertitta had said, "don't worry about James, just do your job."  But Fertitta didn't do that, Morey had to make a bad move under duress, and now the whole thing's coming apart because you can't shoehorn a player that doesn't fit your system (making supermax money to boot) into the picture without setting off this domino effect that will set the Rockets back quite a ways once all the dust settles.
Man im an old head mj dude.  Harden is my favorite player now.  I like the experiment these guys did.  Harden just needed a real player next to him. Hope Houston finds one
What people dont get is that Morey has never been able to put enough talent around Harden to get where they need to be. Harden needs a legit second superstar and a thrid option. He had that exactly one season and Paul got injured. Its literally that simple. Last year Paul was still injured and the Rockets didnt want to bet that a 35 year old CP3 was gonna make a comeback. To his credit he got better but he is still not the CP3 from 2018.
CP3 > Westbrook
Don't forget Danuel house look at the to role players too
Both Coach D’Antoni and his wife said ‘Goodbye’ thanking HOU fans. GM D. Morey remains. As far as star requests, it depends who has leverage. GA#34 has leverage knowing MIL will need to rebuild if he just walks as a FA. D. Ainge in BOS has leverage from future draft picks.
They had success when paul was their PG and "act" as their PG, until d'antoni changed it and made harden their PG and revolve in his ISO plays. They we're up 3-2 vs the first playoff WCF 2017 of GSW's - Steph, Klay, Durant, Green & Iggy! If paul did not get injured they would have eliminated that super team and from there who knows...
Neither Harden nor Westbrook have evolved as players. D'Antoni has never been able to face down the outsize egos of his players. (Nash didn't have an ego like Melo or Bryant, and the Suns prospered.) BTW the Suns were a Nash nose gash away from the Finals against a young LBJ. They would have won a title that season. Westbrook's ego is out of control, just like his game. It was a foolish trade. At the end of the day, the author is right: Morey is blind and if the owner is cheap then boo-frickin'-hoo.
This is the worst video ever, so Have russ played with James for the last 6 years or 10 years ? Stop looking for excuse for the biggest super start who always meltdown when it counts the most
You make good points but I still think James Harden's lack of rings has mostly to do with his selfish play and lack of movement when not in possession of the ball + he just chokes in the finals all the time and yes, D'Antoni hasn't done much to change the pace whenever the Rockets are scrubbing it up.
No team is gonna win a chip with Westbrook on the squad. Simple as. If Harden wants to keep playing buddy ball, he'll join the long list of great players with no ring.
He is  ruining his carrier by taking like 15 3pointers a game
Yup they sure did lose........why? thanks to d'antoni's small ball offense which I said from the very beginning.....IT DOES NOT WORK!! Play your centers!!!
I've always thought the point guards they brought in to play with Harden should have moved HIM to the two guard position, where's much better than either Westbrook or Chris Paul, But, D'Antoni seemed intent that Harden stay on the ball 24/7 so I never got to see whether that would have worked out better for them. Either way, I've never had confidence in teams led by their two guards. You need a guard and a wing, or a guard and a center, but two guards as your two best players with NO other (even occasionally) dominant front court starter has never won a ring in the history of the league. Certainly not in the last 60 years, at least. Maybe NOTHING was going to work for the R's no matter how they rearranged deck chairs on the Titanic.
worst take of 2020
I totally agree and I think Portland is in trouble too 👀👀 food for thought
Nobody ruined James Hardens career lol. He's had the rep of comin up short in elimination games and not having many playoff moments.
Great video bro👍
The rockets are the perfect west coast mirror image of the bucks
daryl morey ruined the rockets with his nerdalytics
Yo Los pollos just said Kareem is not a top 3 player of all time because he couldn’t dribble???? I’m done
How you gonna say it's Russ fault you know he can't shoot and it's not Russ fault they went small ball OKC didn't go small ball and he won a MVP
Harden did it to himself if he really wanted to win he would have never left the thunder. Cant blame other people for his problems
What’s happened to Russ’s jumpshot? He was a solid 80 percent ft shooter a good midrange scorer, and a somewhat capable 3 pt shooter a little over 30 percent most years. Now he just forgot how to shoot?
It's the coach and Harden.
Without even watching this, are you saying he can't possibly ruin his own career? Ruin is a strong word, but lets say he didn't elevate.
In my opinion if harden could learn how to play off ball he would be a lot more consistent and it would be easier for him to get open looks plus that would open up the floor for Westbrook to have the ball more often
Don't remember watching one of your videos before; however, I love your analysis, your dept of insight into the game, and your ability to communicate it effectively.  I have become a fan of your blog for real.  Looking forward to watching more of your stuff in the near future.
Harden messed his own career up he got lazy he doesn’t move off the ball he doesn’t attack the basket and shoot mids anymore
If Harden's career was ruined, then I really don't know what a non-ruined career would ever look like.
What I hate most about this Rockets team is that they make me believe they could win every single damn year. Over and over and over and over again.
It’s sad that the rockets are even in this situation because years ago I thought this team would have a championship by now🤦
They lost to AD and LBJ. You act like they played scrubs. Of course they was going to lose.
Boy they really beat the lakers bad.....lol. idiot.   And how did Rondo do against harden and Westbrook
Westbrook is also error prone, a turnover magnet especially during crunch time. Not a guy you want on the floor or if so, not with the ball. Not my kind of go-to guy tbh.
Kobe was right but it was really D'Antoni not Harden he was really speaking about...this style never winning a chip
2017- the rockets had a surprising year and harden led the best offense but loss to a better spurs team 2018- would of won to a far superior warriors if Chris Paul didn’t get injured 2019- took a stacked warriors team to 6 games where almost every game was close 2020- loss to Lebron , AD without a center  The fact that you guys think the rockets are a disappointment is beyond me, they did so much with not too good of a roster, they were never supposed to make the finals
They loss to Lebron and AD without a center, you guys need To calm down
trade harden to bucks so he can team up with Giannis
I see you low out here pullin views
Been saying this since last season. They have passed the point of no return as a franchise.
I think Houston needs to go full rebuild now. James Harden will soon request to be traded anyway. Next season might be their last chance to make him happy for staying.
10:02 actually he got specialist he all do damn near the same thing
It's a cycle, Harden is essentially being a GM-whisperer.. though he doesn't truly seem to know what's most beneficial for the team, and requests what he thinks will help HIM win, not what will genuinely make the team better. Hasn't worked.. No one is making the hard decisions.. like you said, there's not good enough personnel to succeed on the court w/o them.. Gotta blow it up.. Acquire assets and start again
Maybe they should trade with the Lakers and get Dwight Howard          -2013 Rockets fan
Did we really think that the Houston Rockets would win over the lakers tho?
Harden ruined his own career. You can't win the way he plays its common sense at this point, and he can never perform under pressure in the playoffs
LeGM punching the air rn
D'Antoni being a moron doesn't help either.
HARDEN's EGO is the problem not Westbrook.  Had Harden accepted CP3 as the GENERAL and played as his right hand man since CP3 unlike Harden is very intelligent. Nah. He decided to believe he was the ALPHA DOG and ... well... it backfired.  He is just like Giannis just a very dominant player who can not do it on its own.  Jordan was the same. But he had PIPPEN, whitout Pippen Jordan never made past the 1st round of playoffs.
Harden is the problem
Rockets tried to be the 2014-15 Warriors 😂😂
Russell westbrooks is way overrated explosive yes he is not a superstar in the nba just average
yeah bro i was feeling you until you tried to make it seem like james harden hasn’t been consistently poop in the last what, 5, 6 playoffs? yeah the coach is a factor but james harden is garbage come post season time
man upload more i love watching ur videos more so than most other nba youtubers
Not lebron kobe jordan
James harden needs to take accountability
The problem is James harden trade him and Russ both and get new stars
getting westbrook and trading capela were the two worst mistakes they could've made .. it was all downhill from there ..
Cp3 could of been there le ron still was gona win in 5
Glad Dantoni is gone. In half time interviews he always says we have to “adjust” but never make any adjustments
Who here after D'Antoni left?
In a vacuum, I think you're right. But I also think Daryl Morey has done a great job when you consider what has actually been available throughout the league. He hasn't given Harden the best opportunity, no. But the best opportunity has not exactly been available. Morey has tried to surround Harden with other players that fit better descriptions for his ideal teammates, but the fact is that sometimes,no matter how good a GM you are, you just cannot get a certain player. Mike D'Antoni I totally understand. His lack of adjustments and variety as well as his narrow rotations have really limited Harden. But I think Morey has done a damn good job with what has been available to him.
Am i crazy for thinking Westbrook shpuld be good for San Antonio
The Question is now that D'Antoni ain't coming back, which potential coach out there is right for Houston now?
James did this to his own career lol He wanted Russ and Mike D'Antoni there with him Mike found a way to maximize James Hardens individual talent so James Harden kept him as the coach for as long as he was...the new owner wanted him gone last year lol you say you cant put all the blame on James when we can hes the star player on the team hes out there on the floor hes the voice that connects the lockeroom to the Front Office hes seen 1st hand what you need to do to win...Has he changed his game? Asked the coach if they can do things differently to move the ball and keep everyone active? He be doing all that lifting and exercising after games to build up his body but doesnt practice MOVING WITHOUT THE BALL ans always being active   James Hardens the star in a players league he always gets the blame because he has the biggest voice
The Knicks would definitely take Westbrook and trade the whole team in the process 😂 I’m not gonna lie Mitchell Robinson or frank would fit because the rockets need a center obviously and they would give harden a great defensive backcourt partner who doesn’t need the ball in his hands. Idk maybe throw in some draft picks too
What a title lmaooo
U really don’t know basketball and it’s sad the only players on the team from last year is harden pj and Austin rivers u sound dumb as hell
1: analytics ruined the game 2: can't win a championship without a legit center 3: I gave up on Westbrook in 2018 and Harden in 2019 but when they came together I gave them one more chance and they blew so......mi nuh care bout dem yutes nuh more
Good video  Just not enough info on what your thumbnail says the video is about. If it’s an opinion video than ok but other than that, not interested.
OKC with Westbrook = OKC without Westbrook. It might be time to put that * next to his MVP
Best team was with CP3, Harden and Capela. Took the warriors to 7 games and could get passed them with a little more good luck.
If u find a team who’s desperate for a star” instantly shows Westbrook in a Cleveland jersey “😂😂😂
They need a better light skin, every elite team had a lightskin who was consistent
Lebron was trolling this whole series 👑 🐐
Lebron was trolling this whole series 👑 🐐
send westbrook to the knicks
he had his chances, ruined his own career
The Rockets DO NOT need to rebuild, you dont know much about Basketball. Hou also has one of the Top GM's in Daryl Morey.
They need to hire LeBron haha
Honestly the reason the rockets kept losing is because they r in the west. If they were in the East they would probably be going to the finals
Nobody ruined hardens career his own style of play always ruins him
First and foremost he ruined his career himself by REPEATEDLY disappearing when it matters most
D'Antoni is/was a highly innovative coach who contrary to popular opinion hasn't just run the same system is whole career.  But like plenty of other coaches his flaws have often been graphically exposed in the post season.  He was however the perfect coach for this microball experiment. It was always going to be a high risk high reward style of play.    Morey has always had a lot of ambition and I think would have been capable of some better moves to build and tweak a contending team. In retrospect you can say trading away some of the better defensive players in Ariza was a mistake and then trading for Westbrook of all people was the nail in the coffin.  Unless you literally hold the man's family hostage he wasn't going to suddenly become the sort of player they needed him to be.  Westbrook has rightly deserved a lot of criticism over his career for the lack of maturity, the stat-padding at the expense of his team and the failure to work on his game. In this case Westbrook is not really at fault the Rockets damn well knew what they were getting when they traded for him. To his credit he adjusted more than I thought he was capable of and was playing the best bball of his career earlier this season.        Fertitta deserves as much blame as any cheapskate owner like many of the teams in the league when it was needed the most he cheaped out and didn't want to spend.    Harden should absolutely not be let off the hook though. He isn't as big of a choker in the play offs as people like to make out and has played some great defense at times in recent seasons. He should absolutely take his lumps for doing nothing to challenge the clearly flawed system that D'Antoni was putting into practice. I don't want to hear the bs about just doing what the team needed him to do to win.  Literally dribbling until the shot clock is almost up then either jacking up a 3 or quickly passing out to another shooter does nothing to make your team mates better.    You want to know why they missed 27 3s in a row? Because simply having 4 out of 5 players stand behind the arc waiting for the ball does little to get guys in a rhythm. Role players perform at their best when put in the spots they are most comfortable and when they feel like they are an important part of the team.   Harden has had the cache to challenge the system that held him and the entire team back but he didn't. He was happy chasing the MVP for a few seasons and playing to get the foul line rather than win games.
Lol james harden ruined his own playoff career he been choking in the playoffs since his okc days so stop reaching
The Rockets just need one more guy and a more robust approach to their offense/defense. I think that Houston would benefit greatly from acquiring a young dude right out of the draft, as their style of play would allow him to develop rapidly.
mike dantoniiii
“You can’t just say: Hey, let PJ Tucker run some post up plays.” LMFAO imagine that
Trade russ with Porziņģis
Mike D'Antoni will not return! Whether they like it or not things gonna blow up in Houston! No way that small ball will bring success for the Rockets,no mid-range,no center,no rebounds! Yes true they made headlines in the regular season but what happen in the regular season is different in the playoffs. Argue as much as you want but for real sky is falling! Soon they be pitching for a bog man hahaha poor manage team! Trying hard wanna be GSW 🤪😅😂
Dude I am happy that the rockets are getting teared apart
I would just trade Westbrook for a new athletic center who can defend and SHOOT THE 3 because u definitely don't want to break up the shooters they already have around Harden which got them deep into the playoffs already soooo their just ONE PLAYER AWAY which is a CENTER WHO CAN SHOOT THE 3 Believe that.
Lol they fired mike dantoni
The only sensible move I can think of is to trade Westbrook for Embid. You'd get size and 3 pointers, and if your star is struggling you can change up the offense. Mark Jackson would also fit with these two guys since D'Antony will not return as a head coach... Now it begs the question of "Why in the world would Philly do that for Westbrook?" They will need more pieces and picks... I wouldn't want to be in the Houston staff right now.
Great video, the death of clown ball has come.
So I'm guessing you didn't get the memo about small ball being the future of basketball
Ruined not even close to true.
It’s not fair to compare d’antoni not making adjustments coaching the rockets to Stevens and the Celtics because the rockets only have harden Westbrook and sometimes Gordon to give the ball to and Stevens has Tatum Kemba brown Hayward and some nights smart
I guess it's your voice that is unbearably mayo, but this was fire analysis. 🔥 nigga yoga 🔥
They don’t need to rebuild, just wait for Lebron to retire 😂
There is no doubt in my mind james harden is one of the best scorers the nba has ever seen and the best iso player in the game, however he might not make it to the hall of fame because of his lack of playoffs success
Westbrook isn't a basketball player he's an athlete
there is just 2 ways to solve this issue  blow up the team..just put westbrook and harden in a package to get draft picks and 1 superstar like doncic or booker. Then sign some free agents to compliment either doncic or booker.
They calculated that 3 pts shoot is more valuable then 2 pts shoot and they relie on that. That bring them 3 championship in last 3 years. Oh wait.....It didnt
I’ll take 20+ players over Russ now
if westbrook  works on his shot and his attitude as his speed is decreasing, the rockets would becoming unbeatable.
Get your script ready for the clippers and Paul George ruining kawai 😂😂
I kinda hated watching the rockets since last year
*ROCKETS ARE NOTHING WITHOUT CAPELA*
I'll make it simple. Those 2 guys are hall of famers, walking triple doubles, scoring Champs, mvp candidates, etc etc  So I place the blame on these 2. We can't praise Harden and Westbrook when they're on fire and stacking numbers... and then blame EVERYONE ELSE when they can't get it done.   Ppl have been on Team Harden and calling him the best scorer in the league because of his step back 3 and his ability to get to the free throw line. Westbrook has been seen as the most authentic 1-2 guard EVER.   Harden needed to have that mega series. Where was the 55 point game that he needed? Where was the Westbrook triple double? Where was the lights out 3 point shooting and fast break explosion that they needed?   They missed plenty of open shots and the unforced turn overs didn't help.   Insightful video for sure. But I'm done making excuses for these guys in the 1st and 2nd round. They get the praise when they do something amazing but then when it falls apart........... now it's on everyone else.   The coach and the GM weren't a problem in the 1st round. That team didn't change personnel between rounds.   Also you say the coach was supposed to make adjustments.... but then 20 seconds later, you say he literally couldn't have made those adjustments because he doesn't have the right ppl. So which is it?  Bottom line, great players need to play great and they only played anywhere from good to decent. That wasn't going to cut it against that Lakers team.    It really is that simple.
daryl morey is an idiot.  He gave up chris paul for westbrook
One adjustment could be Russ handling the ball and Harden playing off ball; maybe trying to play them like Russ and KD played back in the days, the problem is that Harden is like a child that only wants the ball for himself and doesn't care about the offense if he doesn't touch the ball.
Stars have demanded things, but it's silly to act like no stars got what they demanded. LeBron got what he wanted a lot of the time in his second stint in Cleveland. He got AD on the Lakers - even going so far as to completely destroy his team's chemistry by saying it was okay to put the entire roster on the block to get that one guy (plus the pretty underhanded stuff his agent was pulling to try and force it to happen mid-season.)  LeBron doing so much to try and get AD likely drove AD's price up because it meant the Pelicans knew they could demand a king's ransom for that trade - and they got it.  Harden, because he is the beginning and the end of superstardom for the Rockets, gets plenty of accommodation from the organization.  While stars have been demanding things since forever, it's pretty obvious that they have more power than ever before now. AD and Paul George forcing their way off of teams (twice for George). LeBron and getting coaches fired (and acting like every GM will have the spine of Pat freaking Riley is hardly believable).  It's just obvious that in the current NBA there's players who *can* get a lot of what they want.
Daryl morey has always been the problem.
Lows for amp
It’s DEFINITELY Hardens fault... he’s been given an unlimited green light and that hurts his team
The knicks would take westbrook, they love signing players on the dicline and over pay them.
I think the timing to „blow it up“ is too early. They only played like 40 Games with small-ball including 20 Games in the Bubble.
This is just stupid. Morey made Harden who he is today. He brought him into an environment that favored analytics and he hired the perfect coach to unleash the efficiency monster he became. Harden already had some of these super modern tendencies, but I doubt they get pushed nearly as far in a different environment.
Stop acting like stars don’t control their franchise “Lakers told Shaq and Kobe to figure it out”? Thats why Shaq ended up in Miami. Riley told LeBron to deal with it? Well after that Riley never stood a chance of resigning LeBron. Magic got his coach fired Giannis got his brother signed. Stop being ignorant.
Whats sad and still ticks me off, we had the chance to get Jimmy Butler
Small ball will only work with superstar wings and they have to be big wings
I totally agree that houston should try to trade everything including my man harden. Given how the clippers and denver goes, i think 3 way trade to happen between houston, clippers and milwukee as below:  Houston : harden Bucks : middleton bledsoe 1 1st round Clippers : pg beverley 2 1st round pick  Houston : middleton bledsoe 3 1st Bucks : pg beverley Clippers : harden  What do you think abt the trade?
Westbrook for K-Love and some change
It's the other way around
My issue is that if Harden is a good guard then why does the team look for other star guards. Get a role player and get a star that plays another position than harden. They never even tried to shake things up with forwards and centers. Just over paid Dwight Howard. Then over paid Ryan Anderson. Then overpaid capela. Magical 20 million
If somehow they had draymond instead of westbrook the rockets would have won in 6 over LA
Harden ruined his own career
I think that Westbrook is just a fucking athlete - he is NOT a bball player, he doesn't have anything in his game besides athleticism and good motor   → zero bball IQ → no jump shot (I would've destroyed him in this category and I only have 15-17 years of amateur bball experience),  → bad defense for his size and athletic abilities  and there you have it - your LVP - least valuable player
Lets get some facts for a few seconds here, not just hate without facts. 1. Harden is the only real Superstar in Rockets 2. Harden is the reason Rockets is in the playoffs yearly 3. Rockets is the only one close to defeat the Super team Warriors, game 7 baby, no one else close (got robbed by the refs we all know that) 4. Harden is not Lebron that kept building a Super team, kept moving to a different team and build his own team with multiple Stars 5. Even KD, the great KD, cannot win a championship alone with his super talent so decided to join the warriors just to get a chip, Harden can do that as well and get an easy ring. 6. We all know that Rockets and James Harden Alone cannot beat Super teams, Even Steph and Klay is not really enough in 2020 to win the chip, so they are looking to rebuild, cmon now, that is already 2 players, Steph in Klay in 2020 not enough, how about Harden alone? dont talk about Russ you know him.  7. Lakers double team Harden in almost every possession and still score at least 30 a game 8. Harden had to give up the ball to his teammates because of double team, but as you can see his teammates are not able to make an impact, they are all role players, not much of a shot maker. Dont talk about Russ, you know him.  9. James Harden needs at least 1 or 2 real NBA Star to help him to get a chip, just like Lebron has AD, and some veteran players like Rondo, howard, bradley, And look at Kawaii leaving the Raptors after winning the championship, realizing that they are not enough to win it again next year.  10. Harden is not as gifted as KD, 6'11 that can run, shoot, and everything, not like Dirk that is 7 ft. tall can shoot anywhere, unstoppable. Harden is just probably 6'6, not the most athletic guy, not as tall as KD or Dirk, Harden is just using his intelligence, court vision, Physical Strength.
Westbrook ideal team would be Orlando Magic where he can be  third option on team and his style of play doesn’t affect his  teammates game
James harden might never be able to win
James Harden is redeemable. We’re talking about a guy who is complete offensively. He is capable of posting up (nice fadeaway and low body strength), has huge potential for a midpost game (mid range is nice), and of course he’s a gigantic threat from 3 and driving to the rim off of an iso and pick and roll. What James Harden needs to do, is he needs to become a shooting guard instead of handling point guard responsibilities. I do think you can with him as your first option, I don’t think you can win with him as your primary playmaker. There’s a huge difference there. Kawhi Leonard is the first option, but he’s not the primary playmaker. Lebron is the only guy I see who successfully handle playmaking and first option responsibilities for a majority of his career, but even he can’t do both for a long time (Anthony Davis, Kyrie Irving, Dwyane wade are guys who can score or make plays when lebron is off). Damian Lillard and cj mccollum both complement each other’s playmaking or scoring. Nikola jokic is the primary playmaker on the nuggets but Jamal Murray is first option. Point is, playmaking and being the first option are different. James Harden’s talent is best utilized as a bucket getter, he needs to be the guy that the rockets go to with 5-7 seconds left on the shot clock, or as a spot up shooter off of screens, scrambles, etc, and he needs to be the go to ball handler in the last 5-6 minutes of a close game. All of these roles are things that he does right now, in addition to basically running point guard for the rockets. Chris Paul was perfect for him, if Harden didn’t insist on having the ball for entire possessions. The rockets can have a small ball offense imo, they just need Harden to play differently and work within the offense instead of being the offense. I am optimistic about the rockets.
Rockets aint winning anyway. Harden's offense if mostly reliant 3s and his ability to flop and shoot free throws which makes defenders afraid to guard him. Sure, Russ sucked so bad in that series but the people to blame is no one other Harden himself and D Antoni.
Westbrook and Harden are not franchise players. Harden is second best player of all time in OkC history, and Westbrook is third best player in Okc. To put things in perspective
he ruined his own career by playing annoying basketball that nobody likes to watch + the fact that he keeps having 25-% FG games IN THE PLAYOFFS
CP 3 at 0.30,stop this nonsense n jus STFU n trade me 😂
Sometimes I still wonder what would've happened if Chris didnt get hurt in 2018.
I'm just glad I'm not a Rockets fan
where is harden's evolution
They should get Kevin Love via trade or free agency cuz Love is an amazing rebounder when he isn't on the 3 point line and he can space the floor and his value is low cuz of the disfuntion going on in Cleveland. Yet nobody suggests it cuz again, he's in Cleveland.  But who am I huh (INSERT:Kermit the Frog slipping on ice tea)
Westbrook turn over count's cracked Houston
I don’t understand how players getting underpaid makes them less valuable on the trade market? Generally, contracts that benefit the team like that are way more desirable than the other way around. Or did I misunderstand something?
homie d"antoni is gone
Well, D’antoni gone...
If D'Antoni leaves, you don't need to trade everyone. Get in the new coach and new system, and see what he/she can do with them and what the new system needs to work. The Warriors were almost the same roster of players, going from Coach Jackson to Coach Kerr, but they instantly won a championship. If they keep D'Antoni then the Rockets must at least get an assistant coach who can make adjustments over a playoff series since Coach Mike certainly can not.
i don't think the role players are even that good for what houston would need. covington who is their best role player shot 33% from 3 since joining houston. they are also like in the bottom 10 at 3pt% since going small. they forced a style that didn't work for what they have and lost
Exactly what I've been saying. Fire Morey and Antoni. This is ridiculous and they system sucks... players should get some blame but they did really good for and experiment in the NBA. BUT them horrible contracts on top of the 0 adjustments made. You're almost forced to trade everyone for a legit rebuild
Good assessment. Just wanted to say I appreciate your perspective. I think you get a lot right, and add a bit more perspective that a lot of other channels.
This damn analytics basketball is shit and so long Morey is in Houston they will win jack. I hate that Morey always thinks he‘s the smartest in the room.
As a diehard James Harden fan since Arizona St. days, this may be the GREATEST Harden/Rockets analysis video ever made. Props for actually analyzing what went wrong instead of resorting to calling Harden a choker and ballhog like every Harden hater does. And yes, I totally agree with you, greats like Jordan, Kobe and even the Warriors did have bad performance stretches but the difference between them and Harden is their versatility and willingness to step up and change their game instead of live and die by the same game like Harden and D'Antoni do. 2016 WCF Game 6 is a perfect example of how Steph Curry was willing to set his ego aside and give Klay Thompson the keys to the offense so they could WIN. Harden and D'Antoni would never do that. They'd rather have Harden continuously stepback his way to a loss than adjust. This is why all time greats have rings and Harden has none.
If we gonna get upset with Westbrook for not playing off the ball well we gotta say the same thing for Harden, its like he thinks hes playing 2k
Poor tucker been playing center like a damn dog for no reason.
In a video about the Beard, I'm mostly distracted by Morey's. Dude going for that classic Camelot look.
I Would try to Ship Russ To NY for Randle Kevin Knox and DSJ/Frank Trade Harden & Covington in a 3 teamer For Beal and Myles Turner And Oh Yea  FIRE ANTONI
I Would try to Ship Russ To NY for Randle Kevin Knox and DSJ/Frank Trade Harden & Covington in a 3 teamer For Beal and Myles Turner And Oh Yea  FIRE ANTONI
No because when he had Chris Paul who was trying to preach ball movement harden didn’t want to do that so it’s on harden
Westbrook for Love could work.
It's not an "off night" that D'antoni couldn't adjust to. It's that they don't adjust AT ALL their style of play to defences.
Low slid in that Westbrick at 0:54 😭😭😭
u a millionare
Can you do a video on whether or not Steve Kerr is a good coach
Do 1 on Doc Rivers next cause this dude messing up the Clipper their offensive sets are crap
My favorite past time recently is watching videos about the Houston Rockets.
The fact that rockets BLEWWW their chances in 2018/2019 was beyond me. Should've made it to the finals..sucks to see D'Antoni always in a rut, looks like the suns gonna be the new big team in the country next season!
Low I like your videos but this video is shitty and don't make sense not even a rockets fan
Westbrook is a stat padding machine. Give him credit, not many can stat Pad like him, but his stats just don’t translate into winning
You need a blame pie chart. Blame 30% harden, 30% dantoni, 20% gm, 10% media hype (of hardens ego), 5% russ, 5% the cast.  ..i kinda feel like russ did what was expected of him coming in
Harden should demand a trade and go to a contender with a good team and a coach who makes adjustments
They owe how much over how many years to Eric Gordon?!?! Holy Shit.
So when do we finally hold Harden accountable?  Are we gonna ignore his unwillingness to co-exist with other star talents?  Or that his play style is entirely predictable and gets exposed year after year?  He froze out Howard and Cp3, and will do the same with WB. Morey is entirely culpable, and MDA as well to an extent, but this idea that Harden shouldn’t be held accountable is absolute bullshit. He lacks leadership and any semblance of a killer instinct. He’s soft, and will not win any team a championship as the number 1 option.
They are too focused on analytics, but they can’t interpret them. Even though 99% of the time, a 3 is better than a mid range, vs the lakers you saw them get wide open looks that would have been a lot more efficient than the contested 3’s
Good Analyzing especially D'Antonio.
There was too much focus on stats and analytics.  Not enough focus on teamwork.  Westbrook fit the stat-heavy ego-ball system perfectly.  Problem is that system doesn't work.
No matter who you want, pick Russel with them.
Rockets small ball won't work! The one that controls the rebound controls the game-Sakuragi
Low got kicked out of an all you can eat buffet
They need to blow the team only keep James. The rest must go.
Had this bitch ready lol
Dantoni implements great systems but literally never adjusts anything. Anything. What a lot of people don’t get is dantoni has limited harden just as much as he’s helped him. Every other star player gets plays drawn up for them off ball. What happened to hardens post up and mid range ? Dantoni and morey has him playing like a robot and it’s gotta stop. You can listen to some analytics but always should take it with a grain of salt
What's next for the Houston Rockets?  More of the same.  I love this shit.  Steve Kerr doesn't deserve accolades because he only won cuz Splash Bros, but James Harden goes from never winning anything to never winning everything, and despite what greats like Kobe say about his style of basketball never winning championships...  Harden's coaches are holding him back.  BRUH... You can't have it both ways with this Harden apologetics.
I think there's an argument to make that small ball is an effective strategy. The lakers were forced to change their style of play from what they do in the regular season.  Javale Mcgee and Dwight  Howard both who were strong role players averaging a significant amount of minutes had to both be taken out of the game for the lakers to stand a chance. Anthony Davis is a big guy, but with a skillset more similar to a guard than your traditional big man & lebron james is one of the greatest players of all time and will be dominant no matter who he plays against. With that being said, I think the rockets need a change, but not because the strategy is bad. There is just not a lot you can do when they had to play against these lakers or the warriors, who they once took to a very competitive 7 game series.
I think they do deserve a good chunk of the blame how after losing game 2 talking the Lakers playing scare they went out there boasting it get confidence but that was arrogance
It’s realistic to get Horford. Stretches the floor. A realistic trade is Gordon, Tucker and a maybe a McLemore.
Low I hope your watching this i say send Russell to Charlotte and you should look up a way it could work i feel it would help out both parties alot
What tf u expect they played the lakers
Maybe instead of rebuilding around Harden, maybe rebuild without him? Just a thought.
Eric Gordon  PJ Tucker  Danuel House  2nd rd pick   For Levert  And Prince
The rockets are fucked
You don't have to worry about Dantoni, he has already resigned!  Houston is toast.
Westbrook is trash
Harden be destroying everyone’s career with his usg rate
SImple. They completed neglected their mid range scoring. Every championship team has scoring at all 3 levels. Even the warriors did this they had mid range scoring from Shaun Livingston and then from Kevin Durant.  Another thing is neglecting a very important aspect of the game which might have fallen off but is still relevant in the game which is Rebounding. Warriors did go with the Small ball game but they had Draymond to rebound the ball and also had McGee and Bougut coming off the bench to help them out with the boards.  Last thing is the sheer off-ball movement. Has anyone seen Stephen Curry or Klay Thompson standing static without the ball? Their off ball movement was what teams should have taken from their Dynasty and not the quantity of 3 Point shooting.  So Houston copied the wrong aspects of the warriors game. Now that Mike d'Antoni is gone, they need that coach to make these game-game audjustments. Daryl Morey must keep his statistics books aside for a moment and start watching some basketball. Also must figure out the payroll. Trading doesnt seem to be an option given their lack of assets and not many picks available. So James Harden might be joining some of the best players to never win a ring
I really think James harden enjoys dominating the ball. he enjoys the numbers he gets because of the system. He's also part of the. Put it this way If Steph Curry was on that team rather than James harden do you think their style of play will be the same? Of course it wouldn't. Cuz Steph Curry enjoys playing off ball and there'll be more ball movement. Harding enjoys playing on ball to such a degree that he is making history ball hog in the ball in such a flagrant way
They are one alex caruso away from a finals..TRADE everyone give caruso a max. Harden only hope is the bald eagle
Well we know one thing Dantoni is out
Video is kind of trash
Gm dnt have common sense
Too bad giannis and harden don't get along they'd be a Amazing duo
James hardens  FAUlt Period that's how short my video would be if I made one 5 seconds to say that. If u have been following and paying attention for the last  5years you would agree
It's not much the Rockets can do but trade everyone. The team all around is bad. Harden Tuck and Brooke can't do everything. If West changed up his game and better his shooting that would help out alot.
not sure why being underpaid would hurt your trade value
he played poorly before mike dantoni also....
Harden and russ were never gonna work it’s super rare in nba when u have 2 super high usage players work when playing with each other. Both are playoff chokers, don’t understand what it means to take care of possessions and takes too many bad shots. D’Antoni applied the definition of insanity to his offensive schemes and that’s doing the same plays over and over again expecting something different.
Daniel House, aka MVP of Houston for Skip Bayless
Finally someone agrees I’ve been saying that they are the problem for a while now
We need more contact here too 🚨❗️🚨
only move i see is trading eric gordan for al horford and hope he bounces back in that center role, let him stay on the perimeter and run westbrook as the center on offense and let horford play center on defence.
W
Lebron never said anything like that to Pat Riley. Pat Riley himself has dispelled that rumor
Not with his style of play will he win a championship -Kobe
All they need is a decent floor spreading big man
Kevin love
Did it ever occur to you that maybe .. Just maybe , James Harden is the problem ?
I knew from day 1 that Westbrook and Harden combo will fail. Before the season they were 1st and 2nd in touches last year and this year are the leaders in ISO. They just can’t have 2 players doing ISO all the time you’ll never win with that. Also it was a Big mistake trading CP3 and doing small ball. They should go into rebuilding now when they still can and trade Harden and Westbrook for pics and young talent like OKC did.
Trade Westbrook to the eastern conference team.  They can get a nice deal
-sign a player like jerami grant. (ANOTHER 3&D guard) (former teammate of Russ so very possible -package Eric Gordon for a center (yes he has value. Worst shooting year for him but he still put up number in the playoffs) -more Vet min players -Hire new coach. JVG or Sam Cassell imo they can fix it. Will it be a championship team? Who knows but guaranteed to be much better.
Harden is the real problem, he keeps failing despite all the different top tier player they brought to help him.
Well now D'Antoni is gone in Houston now.
I agree different plays but harden and kemba don’t do that bro and secondly does Houston have tatum brown hayward or anyone like that if the answer is no than what choice Houston has
Kobe said he can’t win like this and CP3 who had them one game away from finals said they can’t win like this... so blame is plenty to be shared..  But stop giving me this crap that the star player isn’t to blame. The guy put zero effort in D for four straight years showing these last two that he could do it and just didn’t want to.   IT changed his game and sacrificed numbers to get his titles. Harden and Russ never will do that so they can enjoy their second round exits from here until they retire. At least Russ made it to second round this time.   Neither of them have high basketball IQ. So not sure why people were expecting anything new.
Yeah Harden disappearing in every moment of evey big playoff game he's ever played in is all Mike and Morey's fault. Get real
Ayo wheres the top 10 sf of all time and the evolution of the sf?
Letting Harden go one on one is not an offense or coaching. Too extreme no low post size, no blocks, no intimidation, no second chance points, no easy inside buckets. Just too much to overcome this offense could work if the starting 5 can hit 40% or better from 3 but that's never happening
Only person to blame is harden himself. His style of play sucks. He will never be a winner along with Westbrook
Harden has been collecting garbage 40 point nights for so long he’s effectively made himself unattractive to solid teams
Trade Gordon for Kevin Love wud be the perfect fit Dantoni or not
The owner of Rockets not gonna pay much tax so they probabaly trade everything if they see they don’t have a chance to compete
they literally traded lou will, patbev and Trez for CP3, only to trade him again for Russ and 1st rd picks -_-
russell westbrook can only be traded if they package draft picks bcoz of the contract  but i dont think they have those picks
small ball means less dribble..rockets are small but too many dribbles.
James Harden is also a playoff loser just like WEST BRICK
Post on ur 2nd channel
You could really say the same with Coach Budenholzer man can’t make adjustments
Low taking facts
Harden might not even kno whats good for his self. I think he actually WANNA do erything jus like Mike D. want him to, he jus ain’t realize dat he cant win playin perfect nightly
Rockets need a big skilled centre like AD
The last point you made about stars making demans is exactly what I’ve been saying... imagine choosing who you want to be you supervisor at work... shit
They should trade house and Ben for Davis Bertans honestly
Is it just me or did LOW hit a switch when speaking about Mike D’antoni?😂
So long story short, the rockets are fricked. We don’t have money, trade value or enough talent to do anything. They’re fricked and will constantly be good but not good enough, glad to hear it
Even if rockets dont get championships, a strong team better than a bottom feeder team. Talent like Westbrook & Harden ain’t common to find. Jus keep these great players n retool to continue makin attempts at contention. It could work out in da Rockets’ favor. - A non-biased Lakers fan
I'd trade harden and wb you could rob a team off so many draft picks like okc did
Been waiting two weeks for dis, we need more vids from you man, shits quality
... James Harden wanted to play like this to win an MVP because of the incentives in his Adidas contract and insists on playing this way and calling himself an MVP every year even though we know he tires out every year of the playoffs.   He could've worked it out with Chris and brought back that off ball action he used to go in OKC, but he doesn't want to. Any time the ball is out his hands he just stands there. Less iso and more off ball action would empower his teammates and get him more easy buckets.  He wants to play this style, he didn't want Chris as a teammate, and the Rockets (understandably cuz he's their #1 acquisition since T Mac) enable him.  This is *his* team. The results are on him.  That doesn't mean he's not great. Not all great players win championships but he doesn't need ppl making excuses for him doing exactly what he wants.
incredible content legend! keep it up please
The rockets weren’t ruined by westbrook.  The trade was stupid but they have two of the best players of all time, but there dumbass coach decided smallball was good for them. and then they almost lost to the thunder. they need like bol bol and try to get steven adams
hope westbrook doesnt become a scapegoat, its d'antoni's fault for not making adjustments and shit. just look at the warriors offense with off ball movement and stuff while the rockets ltierally do drive and kick variations , Ion think ive ever seen an offball screen play ran for them. itd be sad if their style won because it shows the incompetence of teams figuring it out when defending them but gladly eventually the top tier teams that faced them in the playoffs have prevented them from reaching the conference finals and nba finals
The problem with your logic is that any adjustments to the offense has to be approved by Harden.  Otherwise you're going 4 on 5, as evidenced by Chris Paul's complaint that Harden just stood motionless when he initiated the set.  Harden is a once in a lifetime offensive talent, but his inability to diversify his skill sets is very disappointing.
I have hated D'Antoni for a long time now, and honestly he's one of the main dudes to blame. D'Antoni has been coaching for over 20 years, coached some incredible talent and had two great championship level teams in the Rockets and Suns, but yet has never been able to make the finals, he's a joke end of story.
D House, Eric Gordon, Russ, Ben McLemore they all gotta go. And the bench they dont even use. They really need some young bloods. I mean have you seen Westbrooks playoff stats. Its like never shines during playoff time....
Go back to the interview where Kobe spoke on James Harden, James Harden ruined James Harden
It really hurts to see the rockets give up on open midrange shots
damn low how many ads😂
Bruh!!! I'm so happy I'm not the only one that feels this way about Westbrook! Both Westbrook an Harden ball handling percentage is to high to play together in this type of game planing!  Smh
Well hopefully my blazers can put together a package for Robert covington!
Bruh, I'm sorry, but James Harden has had very good teams. He just fell very short in the playoffs every year and had Kevin McHale fired. He should not get all the blame, but he gets alot of it.
People do and have been talking about D'Antoni's lack of adjustments. This was a topic on ESPN when they showed his record against Pop. Half this video is nothing but excuses for Harden
How do you expect to win anything with front line period... Robert Covington great but too small PJ Tucker ageing.. Daniel House when he hot he's ok defensive liability too small for bigger and more skilled bigger guys.. you seen LeBron and A.D
Harden off ball is terrible. All these pros know better than we do. Question is why do they not adjust? And why Westbrook cant shoot the 3. He needs to focus on that.
“Daniel thees” 😂💀
Agree with most of what you said accept for the rockets having specialist. I think they have guys that aren't known for anything in particular and have been thrown out there and told to do a specific thing.
They were better with Chris Paul they at least came close to the finals with him but with Westbrook he is way to predictable
The only person who's ruined James Harden's career is James Harden. He's impossible to play with. He's probably the greatest player in league history who's never going to win a championship. How is the coach supposed to make a change to help harden when he's already built the entire team and small ball experiment around james harden and it still doesn't work?
How the hell can Tucker and covington manage anthony davis? To be fair though, this rockets team was originally built to match the warrior’s fire power. Maybe they really never thought lebron and davis would team up. Has no choice but to go all in with d’antoni game. But now theyre screwed bigtime.
Serge would be a perfect fit tbh and the chemistry would be good
Every year we either get knocked out by Steph Curry and the warriors, or another team that happened to be the 1 seed
In the words of stephon Marbury no team will ever win a championship in mike Dantonis flawed 8-9 player system
Rockets failed because the team has been tailored to face gsw. Having two backcourt ace will expose Curry and having 3&d around them will expose the help to Curry. Gsw made 5 consecuive finals so to get past them would have ment winning. They would have won if CP3 was healty the last series they faced gsw so they thought they were on the right track. Thus, they got weaker against other teams.
Harden did everything he can this Post season to save the Rockets  but it's clearly not his fault that Dantoni didn't make adjustments to the offense and Westbrook coming up short game after game and the team shooting below 30% from the field
Harden was the only reason the Rockets won against OKC. Period.
Mike dantoni ain't cared about coaching snice leaving PHX.  He just does it just cuz he can
Can we get Kevin love and  for Westbrook
I’m sure it’s not as easy as it sounds but these have to be longer...ur knowledge for the game is extensive we need more
Hey you saying his name wrong ita "westBrick" not Westbrook
Harden ruined his own career
He ruined his own career by choking and giving 50% effort
The day they got rid of Mckale because Mckale held harden responsible as a star, was the beginning of the end. Morley has babied and pampered harden and he should be the 1st one gone
9:16 lol his hand synced
I'm not surprised by the Rockets losing to LA at all.  Even if Harden is surrounded by 10 MVP guards it won't win him a chip!!  You need rebounds and blocks !! That's why the big man is still important!
kobe said it best this style of play wont win. the ball isnt movig  and allhe does is stand at the top of the key. so easy to defend in post season when game slows down. if his shots aint falling its a win for the team bcuz no one elsecan create shots
Dantonis system is why Harden suddenly became such a "prolific scorer" Without him, Harden would be like a slightly worse Dame.
Robert Covington is a solid role player in the NBA but absolutely terrible in 2k MyTeam
I done watch this shit for  3 to 4 years myself  regular  season  this shit they doing looks good  but when the playoffs  start   they not gone when a championship  with it they turn the ball over  way to much
I'm just gonna say this, this unconventional lineup they have can work, but an unconventional lineup can not work with a predictable offense, they need a more motion based offense that still runs in transition, and they also need to play some extremely unconventional defense, Mike D'Antoni was never gonna be able to lead these guys to the promise land but their are coaches out there who can, blowing it up is not the answer
Nah, hard disagree, fam. How many times people gonna avoid facing that Harden is the common denominator. He's had the teams to make it. He just doesnt have the motor. He just dont. Russ has had teams too and struggles with IQ and  playmaking in the tight stretch. But Harden is the most empty transcendent superstar ive ever seen. No grit. No inner fire. So often only locked in when HE is having a good game. Will score 30 in the first 3 quarters then expect to be carried to a win when his shooting hand cools. He fails the eye test for leadership every time, he's a " look how much i scored" type leader. He's the new Melo(pre career revival).
Well coach is gonna now so let's see what's gonna happen
In these playoffs, Westbrook shot 42% from the field, 24% from 3, and 53% from the charity stripe while having a -3.2 BPM and negative win shares. His 3 point shooting has gotten worse each of the past 3 seasons and he'll be getting paid over $130 million over the next 3 seasons. I don't see any scenario where another team trades more than a good role player for him given these circumstances.
Pause. Phil Jackson will always run the triangle.
Ig Mike D'antoni knew he was getting no where cause he said he's not coming back to be head coach.
You said it in the beginning, but even if they can get a team to see value in a player, theyd have to attach picks that they dont have. If the goal is to get off eric gordons contract, no one is dumb enough to eat that much salary unless they get at least 3 first round picks or maybe even more.
who would trade for ball hogs that thinks that the system work form them and not them for the system?
Name one series Harden has actually played well as the number one option lol
Westbrook slander continues. Somehow Harden never gets blamed for his team losing, he’s not a winning player in the post season.
They aren’t rebuilding dumbass. It’s that simple. They’re gonna find a new coach and make some trades.
And..... D’Antoni is out.
Milwaukee's coach doesn't make adjustments neither.
Harden wanted Westbrook. Smh.
If theres a possibility of trading harden, a small chance what teams would be interested??
This is the stupid channel on YouTube , Russ didn’t ruin anything but blame Russ cause that what you do , Russ been hurt a lot of the season , and part of the playoffs , just stupid title and complete bs
James Harder = choker, Westbrick = choker, D'antoni =choker. You can't win with these players. Trade everyone, start your rebuild.
you think Harden is this unlucky because he wears 13?
Controversial but cp3>Westbrook
Mike  Di is gone.you all do know that correct?  And he has always been the problem every dang team he has coached.he is fools gold.he always has tons of flash during the regular season, but come post season his teams have always been trash..  https://mobile.twitter.com/wojespn/status/1305205210441228291
They could knock on Orlando's door and see if they want Westbrook. Maybe shake Aaron Gordon loose in the process
Ironically with their system, none of their "specialists" are 3 point specialist
I think they should run it back with a new coach and sign cousins or someone like that and just hope and pray they can be somewhat reliable as a big
If im rockets i trade Eric Gordon+ a bench Guy for Al holford...Al can spread the floor,can be a gr8 defensive center and a elbow passer
Russ is braking down .He's not in his 20's anymore , he doesnt blow by like he use to or have the same lift .Russ should of worked on other facets  of his game .Dude can only go north and south and his dribbling package is trash .He's always falling over his feet
very good video. Coming from a rockets fan its nice to see someone who knows what theyre talking about rather than talking shit on Harden when they've probably never watched a Rockets game. you hit all that spot on
Lows my favorite soon to be amp member 👍
Accuse everyone except the players isnt the way to go. The players just straight up quit, starting with James harden.
lol bro straight up gospel
the man who ruined his career is ............................... James harden
they should clean house
As a Rockets fan, Morey has been great throughout the years. That being said, this Westbrook trade was ass!!!
One name: Boogie Cousins
Next question.
D'ANTOINE STIFLED HARDEN'S VERSATILITY. There I finally said it
Covington to Warriors please.
Need a good playmaker like Chris Paul, a big like Capella and some spot shooters who can play decent defence...and also their style of play has to change...
PJ tucker is 36 having to do all he does on defense god damn I feel bad for his body he’s 6’5 guarding 7 footers almost every night at 36
the title should be like 'the team who wasted their time, trying to work with james harden's style of iso ball'
It’s not time to rebuild for the Rockets yet, get a new coach, and let Westbrook completely heal from corona + the quad injury because pre bubble he was looking really good. They have to run it back and give it 1-2 more seasons.
blame the coach... not the player...
The GM, Coach, and Star are all to blame.  Please quit apologizing for James Harden.  He’s not the guy, brilliant as he is he’s too flawed.  Which is actually the story of this franchise right now.  Daryl Morey has a great understanding of analytics, he sucks at making trades.  Mike D’Antoni is brilliant and Innovative, he can’t make in game adjustments.  James Harden is a brilliant scorer, he just sucks at everything else.
I don't by the D'Antoni excuse because Harden has had different coaches that made adjustments and he still plays like ass in the playoffs
That's real talk. You gotta look in the mirror and man up..
D'Antoni quit already.  He told Houston he's not coming back.
man... the rockets were definitely better when they had a true pg and actual bigs. almost like this gimmick ball was never leadin them to a 'chip. blow it up. get d'antoni n morey outta here. make trades. change the team's ID/playstyle. this team, its philosophy, needs to be let go. the time to run it back was last year but instead they went all in on this bogus ass nerd ass experiment. this team barely (by what ive seen) wouldnt be able to get past the nuggets, clippers, n maybe not even the jazz and the mavs.
Send Harden to the East he already played with west
Stop the cap james is a bum he'll never win a chip.  Dearly- a concerned warriors fan
ight imma not dickride westbrook, but who actually expected the rockets to win the series? nobody. even if westbrook played AMAZING.
Kobe warned James Harden that style of play is fun and can get you a couple games but it doesn’t win rings.
As a loyal rockets fan since tmac and Yao days I believe Dantoni ruined Hardens prime without question. Small ball was doomed from the start because it relies too heavily on either harden or Westbrook to have a great game and everyone else to hit their 3s to get the win which okay fine it works it reg season but playoffs it has no chance and anyone who watches rockets games could easily see that. I'm glad Mike's gone and hope that Harden wins a ring before his career is over.
Thank you for saying D’Antoni simply isn’t a good coach. I was shocked to see he was wants to leave and help the 76ers continue to underachieve lol
westbrook can't shoot under NBA defense.  not great? not on par with the league averge is more like it.
Daryl Morey is an idiot and should've never been regarded as a genius. The man is an absolute clown of a GM. And I'm not even a Houston fan lol.
John Wall to Russel Westbrook.. end of conversation..
Good vid
Mike D'Antoni not returning to the Rockets
We'll take russ back.
He is toxic as his fashion
James harden ruined his own career. Yeah he’ll give you 40 easy BUT the nigga to worried on how he looks in his jersey when comes to defense 🤷🏽‍♂️. Nigga to worried about looking good and swagged out when it comes to defense. Watch his defense plays tell me he don’t act pretty 🤣
i mean harden could've easily won a finals without playing poorly in past playoffs
I hope ur views don’t tank cause NFL rn  Because this some quality content
D’antoni already said he ain’t coming back to the rockets next season
I keep everyone but switch up the game plan.
The only person who ruined James Hardens career is James Harden. He made the WCF a bunch of times, Finals once and had the series in their hands and never came out on top! Champions win in those moments the end.
Then some people suggesting Russ should have headed to the Heat is a bullshit. The reason is clear why he would never. He hates being cussed by a coach, will never want to be accosted by jimmy and for fuck's sake he acts like he is a center rolling for a rebound.
Finally LOW😭
y’all acting like Harden didn’t want Westbrook😭. he played one of the biggest roles in Westbrook getting traded and he did really good without a center they just couldn’t win cause their shooters were inconsistent a lot
The only thing I disagree with is the last point James harden did do those things to mchale and Dwight and Chris but if you don’t cater to your star he will leave especially if what t  her gm did dont istantly make them win which it won’t James would’ve been left if mchale was still there even if gm and coach was right
And Lebron left because they didnt do what he wanted... times have changed.. Players wishes need to be attended to or theyll leave.. Pretty much started with Lebron
They should of kept Chris paul
I'd assume 2020 Rockets is a better matchup for 2018 Warriors while 2018 Rockets would be better in this bubble playoffs. They got it switched up.
I love it when L.O.W. gets in his feelings (I mean that jokingly). Tell em how you really feel bro!!!!
I think they can get ottto porter. Harden bweter pull a Tom Brady and restructure  his contract to win and get some players. His legacy is at stake.
A lot of excuses for Harden, who has played with 3 MVPs (Durant, Westbrook, Dwight), an all time point guard in CP3 and some great role players who have won with other teams. D’Antoni has only been there 4 years, half as long as Harden but he’s mostly to blame? Ok.
Great video
Hear me out, are we being harsh on Houston? They did get to the second round, they were one of the 8 best teams in the NBA this year. Is that so terrible? Since 2000, they’ve only been below .500 in 2 of those 20 seasons. I feel like a large portion of the NBA community is treating them like they’re the Knicks.
Capela is a perfect fit already, also microball is good in a one game because it has surprises , but it is ineffective in a series ...  They have to let Go of  Russell Westbrook   along with  Danuel House  (I would rather keep JH) Say for F Aaron Gordon    6'9 F Evan Fournier.    6'7 G Terrence Ross.  6'5 1st Round Pick Not pretty, but might work. Harden - Gordon Pick n Roll would seem nice and Fournier can provide offense of the bench. Orlando gets a Star and him with Vucevic and Isaac is promising ( might be a win-win situation for Magic) Then Eric Gordon for  Jordan Clarkson Hopefully they could get a rim roller like Kevin Looney...
Rebounding actually matters. Who knew? Despite decades of evidence proving that it matters it's something the Rockets decided didn't matter.
D'Antoni is a good coach... look he faced, a prime Spurs team in 05-06, no way Nash and Amare beating them.. In NY he faced the big 3 in Boston (2010).. and as Houston's coach he had the Warriors (took them to 7 and almost won) and most recently the Lakers in the way... He's basically the Karl Malone/Charles Barkley of coaches
What was that push against pj tucker.😂🤨
gordon hayward should just retire, he stole over $100 million from boston.
If they really had to trade capela, it could have been for Myles turner
Felt weirdly sad about how he went out in the second round; he’s such a supremely great player that I hope he can somehow win a wing before his career ends.
After like 2 weeks of saying "tomorrow gonna be a big day for my uploads" on the pod Brotha Marcell finally uploads
The Lakers simply have a better side
If only the Thunder didn't trade him he could've at the minimum become a lethal spot-up shooter.
Great video
fire
If they can i think dario saric would be a good pickup
Saying that this rockets team should get blown up is the stupidest thing I’ve heard. I know they’ve underperform but all of thier picks until 2026 is with the thunder besides 2022 and 2023, and nobody would want these guys anyway. Also you could argue that if you trade these guys yes there is a potential for a great rebuild, but you can easily become the Detroit Pistons where your just mediocre for a whole decade.But yeah Daryl Morey and MDA got to go they need more versatility on this roster cause they all could literally do one thing. The warriors had iguodala who could on occasion create off the dribble and ball handle or even draymond . The bulls had multiple playmakers in Pippen Harper Armstrong Paxton and Kuckoc. This team needs some more versatility around Westbrook and harden to be a championship team. The thunder had this same problem around Westbrook and KD where it was just all athletes nobody else could create a shot or even shoot the ball.
Don’t say they ruined it. HE ruined it himself with his play style and the player he is  Harden is NOT a winner. Don’t be blaming CP and Westbrook
There sorry ass coach / gm both need to be fired !!! Small ball with Harden will not win a championship!!
Ruined? They overpaid a player who would be insanely inefficient if he didn’t get fouled so much (he only gets fouled so much because of the stupid defensive rules they have now)
Funny how Mike D’Antoni said he isn’t resigning.
I don't think I've heard a Youtube channel pronounce Daniel Theis' name correctly yet
Man ruined his own career by doing Jack shit off ball
LOW mikes already gone
Lmao you could say this about Al Horford with the 76ers 😂.
fire the Coach, GM and trade for a new roster
nooooo, this wasn't click bait nooooo
Always a good day when low uploads
daniel who?
The Rockets beat The Lakers 3 out of 4 times in the regular season playing the same small ball. The mysterious allegations and suspension of Danuel House changed the whole series. The Lakers did nothing special.
good regular season team, because like lebron said after game 1, "you cant simulate their kind of speed in practice"... so night in/night out, facing a different team makes the Rockets, on paper, look very good...  But in a 7 game series, when you see the same team over and over again, the opposing team makes adjustments and neutralizes their strongest asset.  Combine that with them having an off shooting night and its a wrap.. Even the Thunder took them to 7 games.... so this was going to be easy work for the Lakers after game 1.
Naw harden deserves some blame as wel, he almost ended Chris Paul’s career last year
they couldn't beat the warriors who for years committed to the luxury tax to keep their 4 all-stars, if houston made moves to match that without letting go of their own key role players, who knows what would have happened
Daryl Morey and James Harden was All Fault!!!
Whos here after D'Antoni left Houston?
“Daniel Theeyus” never heard of him
No one:   Paul George: “I still think we’re in the driver’s seat” 🤣🤣
westbrook and some picks for Love and nance, Love would be the ideal player here tell me i’m wrong
The rockets are trying to defy nature . Basketball has always been a sport that favours the tall .
100% overreaction lmao.  they lost to a team that played perfect defense. they just need a better coach and run it back.
James harden needs to play off ball, and play like Klay Thompson. Just saying
Just spitballing here:  What if they traded Westbrook, a salary filler and a second round pick or two (do they have any left?) for, say, Blake Griffin and Luke Kennard, and then move Harden to the point guard position?   Assuming Griffin and Kennard are as healthy as they claim, Houston gets two more above 3 point shooters with some playmaking ability (and I think Houston could use that spread out playmaking for an offense that needs to start utilizing Harden more offball so they're less predictable come playoff time, which would also mean Harden would actually have to be doing more things offball than the standing around he currently does), and their salaries can be dumped off their books sooner than Westbrook's if the experiment blows up in their faces. They also get a guy who could have some potential as a small-ball center for them in Griffin.   Meanwhile the Pistons get a fairly good point guard to run their offense for the first time in over a decade (at the very least he'd be the best PG they've had since Isiah), some draft capital for their rebuild (which they could keep or package with another deal), and maybe sell some more tickets next season (of course this would also necessitate them trading other guys like Rose and Snell's expiring contract that should have some value at some point in the season, and supposedly they're planning to re-sign Wood with an exception while targeting Ingram in free agency, so this move could possibly fit right into their plans to attempt a quick/rolling rebuild).  Again, just spitballing, haven't put a ton of thought into this idea.
Westbrick is a goat
Finally a video on this channel. Please upload more often.
2022-23 season Russ has an option worth +$47 MILLION FREAKIN DOLLARS in his mid 30s 💀 💀
It’s gonna be weird seeing harden in other team’s jersey
Wholesale purge and then tank like operation desert storm
Harden does it to himself
The only thing that could have this houston thing work is ben simmons/Giannis at The 5
Harden is the problem.
I am a huge Rockets Fan but now looking at it let’s keep it a 100 the way it’s looking Mike D’Antoni needs to make some defensive arrangements and all the players need to step it up a notch because this is like the 3rd or 4th time we made it to the playoffs and we just out of nowhere stumble and I’m not just blaming it on the coach but causing James Harden to be the greatest can’t ever happen he needs to allow other people to step up Russel Westbrook needs to develop a three ball the role players have been doing great for the Rockets we have Danuel House who is a good pick roll and pick and pop guy we have Robert Covington who is a great defender and can shoot efficiently off the catch and shoot we have people but the team as a whole is missing a lot of things can get patched up   That’s my thoughts tell me what y’all think
but does harden wanna be coached? i always get the impression he wants to do his own thing. no shade, but if could co-exist with cp3 they would have a better chance... also they gave a lot away in that trade
Celtics fan here, Theis is pronounced Tice not tHeus
Face it. If Harden is going to be held as a great player, then he will be compared to guys like MJ, Kobe, and D-wade. All these loses and no shows in the playoffs hurt his career. The man is not one you can win championships with
Skip: The Houston Rockets got HOUSED
I'm assuming this video was made before D'Antoni leaving today. However Darryl Morey should've left with him. His dumb analytics have crippled this team and their only option will be to trade Harden eventually.
"When are we gonna discuss D'Antoni's lack of adjustments?"  What got him fired from PHX/NY?
Daryl Morey is the problem with his computer based logic. I'm a Laker fan and that was hard to watch. Analytics ain't everything. Analytics said Giannis Antetokounmpo is the best defender in the NBA when AD is killing everyone.
This is a really interesting video.  This is the difference between hot takes and thinking about content.  I'm not a fan of the team or players and I was completely invested in what you had to say.  Great stuff as always.
Love the video bro!
I know you did not say Theis like that
So Clippers video next week right?
That moment when James harden could’ve been in the last 3 finals but didn’t cause he played poorly but the blame still goes to his coach who’s just a puppet for daryl morry
Small ball wasn’t a bad idea if u think abt it. It’s just that they shouldn’t have traded CP3. He has a consistent jumper so the Lakers wouldn’t have been able to double Harden like they did. Due to the quick pace and 3PT shooting play style of the Rockets, the Lakers weren’t able to give guys like Dwight Howard or Javale McGee many minutes. If the Rockets kept CP3 and signed Demarcus Cousins or Kevin Love they’d prolly have beaten the Lakers
3 ads, dude? i thought you were a millionaire😂
They need to trade Eric Gordon I mean his contract is big but he still can play and would be an alright addition to any team
Manu Ginobili
At least Russ got out of the first round
Mike gone
I’m still in shock that the Celtics beat Patrick Mcaw. Not even the Warriors could do that
I disagree TOTALLY. The Rockets achieved their goal of at least making the 2nd round and they even took game 1 and made it a competitive series against the Lakers. Personally, Harden and Westbrook worked better than I expected. Harden still became an MVP candidate, still puts up amazing stats and the Rockets shall not and will not rebuild.
Bro wake up low posted
Shouldn't have traded cp3 tbh
So Low is blaming Mike D on ruining Hardens career... who tf should the Rockets have hired when the Rockets were 41-41 when they got gentlemen swept by the Warriors in 2015-2016?
8:13 Who Daniel Thee-Us play for?
Mike D made Harden who he is.
Low it’s okay to just say westbrook is a seller 😂😂😂 he’s the problem but so is a lot of other stuff
THANK YOU! D’Antoni and Morey are the problem, Harden has a lot of playoff failures, but he has had playoff success.  D’Antoni 27 missing 3s should have told him and Morey to allow his offense to have some flexibility to this roster, instead he doubles down and make the roster even more reliant on the offense. And Morey just pandered to D’Antoni and couldn’t have a spine to say this roster isn’t it. And now he has the potential to mess up the Pelicans?
WHY is finding "3&D" guys difficult? Thought that was how everyone played these days (zero post ups, jack up every bad 3 you see, look like a model etc)...
They shoulda blew the team up when they lost the year before Westbrook got there. Their offense is just too simplistic
Is Harden to the Bucks financially possible? Not saying it’ll work, just throwing out a crazy idea.
Some slander in this one dog lol
Low if you see this i just want you to know ur a rapper
Crazy how Hardens “bad performances” always happen in the playoffs
I think its obvious that daryl morrey is one of those gms that does a few good deals then just gives up.
They should’ve just kept Chris Paul, better shooter and leader than west brook, but they both have injury and age problems, not a big difference, but Chris paul doesn’t need the ball in his hand like Westbrook does, also they need size
They need John Wall and Bismack Biyombo or James Harden will never win a title in his career
We need to sign boogie.
Noti gang gang gang gang gang
2018 was 'golden' chance for this team.
Really, ruined his career? Rebuild?  No need to blow up anything, and what do you get back for Harden and Russ? How do you rebuild, now? Also, you brought up Marc Gasol and Paul Millsap? Nate McMillan or Marc Jackson as replacements? Bruh. No need to be so extreme.. Look at the offense and coach, like you said, that's the problem.  This year the game plan was to hit 20+ 3s a game. The % was irrelevant for the most part. The offense is stagnant and  gets stopped very easily. Not to mention, the 3s came when the game was already over.  They're trying to do what the Warriors did, but with a very one dimensional offense. It's pathetic how little movement there is off the ball. Harden needs to get his mid-range game back, so he can make quicker decisions and switch gears quickly. A consistent floater would be great. He also needs to move off ball, along with everyone else, to get easier buckets. Look at Kawhi, and his 3 level scoring, which keeps his offense unpredictable and gives him many moves to go to for quicker decisions. He doesn't allow himself to get doubled teamed so easily and often. More runners, stop n pops, catch n shoots, cutting and even posting up sometimes. Switch it the fuck up, man! Look at Kawhi and Booker's offense and try to emulate something like that.  Russell needs screens and pick n rolls to get better match ups on the move, like Rondo, and every other good point guard, gets. Also off ball movement, keeps the defense in flux, which opens driving lanes. The 4 other Rockets just stand around when he gets the ball. Hell, Russ needs to be the primary ball handler, with everyone else moving to get shots and screening for him. He's not a great shooter, so him playing off the ball, is stupid, when Harden is the better off ball player (or at least he played elite of the ball in years prior).  It's just a pathetically one note offense, that's easily stifled because they choose to let that happen.  They need to fire MDA, and get a coach that actually has a dynamic offense and can get his stars to buy in. Also, after this season, Harden should be stripped of his influence so that the new coach can get/force him to expand his offensive game, with the backing of the (new?) GM and owner. No more just step-backs, long dribbling and/or free throws only.  Try to pick up Boogie or Baynes in the off-season, for the second unit to play with Russ for better pick n roll play.   Hire a coach, like David Joerger, who can adjust his offenses depending on the players on the floor, while still pushing the pace. He's also great on defense, so that could help with adjustments on defense, too.
Do a top 10 small forward list
Fr the Lakers went small too considering Dwight Howard and Javale Mcgee played a combined 22 min the last 4 games, they just had a better game plan
this title is very sensationalized
Denver Nuggies
Caruso really has some solid roll players around him. James and Davis really performed this series
Its not Mike Dan and Toni's fault... its not Darrell moreys fault...  Its the cheap ass owner... he fired all of dantoni assistant coaches, forced morey to trade for westbrook, didn't want to go over the cap like the warriors when they were close
Where’s the second channel videos?
Noti gang gang gang gang GANG
Danuel house and Eric Gordon for grodon Hayward?
Low on twitter been ready to release this vid
I don't get it.  Maybe you don't gain much by trading away a player on a good contract, but the good contract itself should lead to getting more in return for a trade because the other team will be thankful for the cap friendly contract.
They should try and sign Cousins if he can get to 60% of what he was he will be a good big man who can space the floor but also play in the post and be a body for the big men they play and if that doesn’t work blow it up. Also Cousin is there best option because he will get a minimum and they have to pretty much pay all there signings the minimum
Harden was always choking,ain't all on darryl
Rockets need a guy like Chris Paul😳
yu
Yo LOW what's that first instrumental bro shit hard
Nuggets gonna smack the lakers change my mind
Noti gang gang gang gang!!
Man, I really love these videos Low. Great work and keep it up
If you have zero big men you have zero chances to win a title. It's still basketball
I'ma assume Stephen curry is the biggest name that ended hardens career  2015 cf 2016 quarter finals 2017 bounced vs spurs without kawhi or tp 2018 lost up 3-2 2019 lost games 5/6 when warriors had no KD
video don’t show up on yo channel page btw
yo low wanna colab
I honestly think the Rockets are going to look into trading Harden and Russ and see what they can get. Because right now, they don’t have enough tradeable players/draft picks to trade for another Star nor are they good enough to go to the finals or even win it, And their future as of now isn’t looking so good.
Noti squad
I could See Orlando making a random ass trade for Harden if they Rockets Rebuild
Hardens choke jobs are responsible too
Russell needs to be on the bench or Harden needs to be traded
Harden to Bucks Confirmed
Honestly the whole small ball thing was a bad idea from the start
Was good LOW! Can you love me
Hot Take: The Houston Rockets were never really title contenders
Random Shout out: Yung Mustard, he is a great YouTuber and needs way way way more subs than he has
Fresh out the oven. LEEEEEETTTTSSSS GOOOOOOOOO
Whoever disliked a hoe
This going to be 🔥
I got the tweet
NOTI GONGA
When you see a video with no views
Nuggets vs rockets would be a better series than lakers vs clippers imo
Who saw this coming from Twitter
Fortnite
Fire
Ah low spittin fax again
they said they were going to the finals for like 4 years lmfao
Is this the video for this month ?
Third
My favorite AMP member/millionaire on YT
Noti gang gang gang gang gang gang gang gang
Lowwww
First
Fun fact: 90 people cant be first
been waiting man, d’antoni seems will not coach houston next season.
Noti
Noti gang
I’m happy when you upload
Loooww
Noti gang
NOTIGANG
Notification squad
First
