woah
I dont care what people ever said about the Team behind Warframe but they are doing so good work since day 1 😍💗 I always loved the gameplay since the betas back in 2013 even tho I played on a shitty ass labtop xD and I missed this Update. I LOVE IT and Its a good look into what Soulframe will be like. I cannot wait for it. Thank you for everything <3
❤❤❤
"A new beginning for all players" Lol. Lmao
Again, poor "copy." This is a GAME, which (unlike a MOVIE) is intended to be Inter-Actively EXPERIENCED, not merely "seen." Or at least, that is the supposition which it is HOPED the developers will have the integrity to uphold; that this is not merely an elaboration of the Laser Disc Arcade Quarter Muncher Arcade "games" of the 1980's, which merely rewarded pushing the right controls at the right moment with advancing to the next scene, (instead of skipping to the you-die/game-over scene/chapter, i.e. the prototype for the "cut scene"), in a strictly linear "story" (which when cut out of already animated features required "dumbing down" the "story" to a level where only what involves the protagonists actions are included as part of the so-called "game"). They were nothing more than enacting the right series of controls on cue in order to continue SEEING the "story."  So no, what awaits in Duviri is NOT unlike anything I have ever SEEN AT ALL. In fact it is very much like a whole lot of things I have SEEN. And if it CAN NOT DELIVER on something that is UNLIKE ANYTHING I HAVE already previously EXPERIENCED, the NEW BEGINNING "available to all players regardless of experience," may well be "to begin at," just as it is written, "THE ENDING."   As for the "ever-changing "OPEN WORLD," I hope the developers have not forgotten everything about what little is necessary to fulfill the meaning of that term, and that it is not merely a synonym for "REALLY BIG MAP."
Warframe. The officer supporters of pedophiles and femanaZis
Lmao, they see pedro pascal on the big screen, and they're like lets make every protagonist look like him.
So it gonna be another mob stomping fest?
I’m still waiting for cross play voice chat and trading so I can help my friend get into warframe
You guys NEED TO STOP writing the history by yourselves. Hire a writer. Oh, and check the mental health of people who wrote this history
My account is banned, support ban me in support bcs I want get answer "why u ban me?". Good game , thank you
Duviri is not for new player 😑
cool now work on cross save
Think that the traveler should have some changes, like the fact that he does not have the possibility to use any vehicle or even the shawzin, it is also necessary to mention about the tools that you can get in the arsenal like the mining tool and the fishing tool , they are tools that the traveler should be able to use normally, like, the shawzin is only possible to use in duviri but it should be possible to use in the source system, it doesn't make any sense that it is possible to use in duviri but in the source system it is not possible with the traveler, talk about possibilities, it would be great if it was possible for the traveler to have as an optional mode in the source system to use the melee weapons, let's say a button that allows you to change its role as operator and traveler, it could be a good option as well as fun, in addition to giving more realism and sense to how the traveler works, it doesn't make sense that you can use melee weapons inside duviri and in the new war adventure and in the normal game It is not like that, it looks bad that it is like that, when it should be possible to play as it is played in duviri as an optional way with the traveler but outside the original system, hopefully and they end up adding it in a patch or in future updates, if it was read, thanks for your attention, I hope and be taken into account.
Piensa que el viajero debería tener algunos cambios, como el hecho de que no tiene la posibilidad de usar algún vehículo o incluso el shawzin, también es necesario mencionar sobre las herramientas que puedes llegar en el arsenal como la herramienta de minería y la herramienta de pesca, son herramientas que el viajero debería poder usar normalmente, como, el shawzin solo es posible usarlo en duviri pero debería ser posible usarlo en el sistema de origen, no tiene ningún sentido que sea posible usarlo en duviri pero en el sistema de origen no sea posible con el viajero, hablar de posibilidades, sería genial si fuera posible que el viajero tuviera como un modo opcional en el sistema de origen para usar las armas cuerpo a cuerpo, digamos un botón que te permita cambiar su función de operador y viajero, podría ser una buena opción además de divertida, además de que daría más realismo y sentido a como funcione el viajero, no tiene sentido que puedas dentro de duviri y en la aventura de la nueva guerra se puedan usar armas cuerpo a cuerpo y en el juego normal no sea asi, queda mal que sea así, cuando debería ser posible jugar como se juega en duviri como manera opcional con el viajero pero fuera de el sistema de origen, ojalá y lo terminen añadiendo en algún parche o en futuras actualizaciones, si fue leído gracias por su atención, espero y sea tomado en cuenta.
Downloaded and logged into the game today after MANY YEARS of trying this game. Have a Excalibur lvl 4 only, I'm on my ship. Absolutely no popup or info on how to play this, how to start it, how to play as human, nothing. Spend 30 minutes trying to figure out, didn't find it, closed the game. It's a shame that after all this year there still not a simple guidance inside this game, would be so much more famous.
Pedro Pascal looks cool in this role
I stop playing Warframe after New war this game is really amazing
This marketing failed hard, to answer basic question. From the description: who is "Tenno"? Is this single or multiplayer? I can only play this at the "ending"? What ending. So i have to play through "warframe" first???? But i thought Warframe is a multiplayer game? Is it free to play, a large single player campaign free to play?
PLZ fix ur game it’s almost half done to me  So many god damn bugs
I always wanting Warframe to have something more linear. Something easier to follow from the beginning to explain the story better. And by God I think they did it. Afew quests into this and it's awesome as hell
Guess we all hoping on warframe again after years
[DE] Please make a skin on Trinity 🥺
holy
Good stuff, keep it up! We'd love to feature you on our music blog!
Does anyone know the name of the track that plays at the end of the trailer?
Pls french voice
I'm confused, is this a new game, or an update?
I used like few years back warframe bought every frame they released and weapons now with last few years with new upgrades and updates came out I don’t know even know who is who is who, what is what, I hope fans still enjoying it but warframe is no longer for me even with this update I even more confused which way story is going.
This is best update of any game i have played in a while thanks DE and i know youre capable of much more you guys. You guys did some techniques on the Steel path worm fight that didn't knew you were capable of,it was a nice surprise and makes everything more epic.
Warframe bringing the HEAT 🔥
The next thing I’m hoping to see sometime soon is a story quest focused on the Tau System. I think that would be cool. I would like to explore it as well. Sentients are probably my favorite faction in Warframe and I would like to see more of them.
GREAT JOB DE, WHAT A WONDERFUL DESING
Naaah I'm starting to not like duviri. I just want to collect resources and leave. Not do the first 6 side missions just to keep all your resources. This sucks like no. How are you gonna tell me I can leave and keep my resources once I do? I don't at all. I guess the experience is just a damn experience. Like bro might as well for the incarnon adapters. Turn the resource counter down. The tasoma extract is just unnecessary like 60? You serious right now? And every time I find one in a cave. I only get 2-4? Nah dawg I'm done. I'll wait for another 5 years or more for you guys to completely finish it. Like I never asked to do the side missions anyways if I just want resources. You guys should've had that one character that sits at the throne for side missions once we got him to behave. But no he's just an advertising mix emotion kid
This game seems so goofy. No way people actually play it 😂
WHY IS THIS GAME SO DEMONIC
That looks nothing like warframe
Genuinely I never even would have invested into the Paradox if I knew that they would lock all of my weapons and warframes behind a randomization system that would pick my least used items its actually annoying that I dedicate five years of my life to this game to earn and refine my playstyle just for them to say nah all i want is a off switch now because all of the little shards I used to upgrade my Warframe cost massive amounts of resources to relocate so if I want to play how I want indiveri Paradox I have to sacrifice some of my most hard-earned rare resources just to play how I want and everybody says this is for the sake of challenge but there's already a Max Level Mode called steelpath not only that but you can fight max level bosses in steelpath yet you're coming to the new content that's been hyped up for most of warframes launch and then locking the veterans out of their favorite gear its genuinely cancer
0:34 Why does my man Drifter look like Pedro Pascal? 😂
Can we get cross save before the end of this decade or are we going for a 2035 release
plz fix the pvp content and we all be backkk
i just want digital extremes to succeed in every way them want to be and push out good content . they are truly creative about the things they do... even after 10 years of the same basic concept of shooting and killing the same enemies over and over again they made it fun in a way I havent experienced anywhere else... it is never boring shooting a gun or blasting a grineer out of existence .... its truly remarkable !
One of the best expansions Warframe has ever gotten. What I love about the update is that, everything that was shown in the very first teaser trailer, lived up in the final product.   I'm also enjoying the combat, mission structure, story, art direction, decree system, cosmetics to tune the Kaithes, and the beautiful mechanics for the Oro Wyrm boss fights 😍😍😍 And the whole mood concept was a nice touch.   The wait was worth it. The passion that went behind this expansion is nothing short of sheer brilliance. Thank you DE! 💙
Personal opinion: They made the players wait for 4 years for *this*. I felt the movement was slow, the story was bothering for me to go through and they basically tell you that yeah there is a paradox where the tenno exist and you need to "get" out of that place but it was just all created by youself, which is dumb. Warframe has become a game where it wants to be a lot of things and is good at absolutely NOTHING, they need to specialize in something instead of trying to make more mechanics of more stuff into the game. Why tf do wee need a horse when we have void sling, or a warframe where we can teleport to, or an archwing where it needs to have a warframe or a k-drive? They do restric the player to go slower, in a game where the developers already stablished that this game is all about MOVEMENT, this is the only mechanic which is different from other games. Not only did the update bring just new weapons, incarnation mode for other weapons and everything else every update has, but the store from the new war was not followed. Players waited around 4 years for *this*. Edit: My girlfriend started playing and chose the Duviri Paradox path and guess what? She says it is NOT PLAYER FRIENDLY, the mechanics of the game confuse her A LOT, she gets nervous even  if I already explained her. Why? Because Drifter has some abilities and the Warframe has other abilities. Not only that but, she gets very nervous when she has to face multiple enemy Dax at once in a mission, where she barely understood the mechanics of Duviri. Again, DE is NOT helping new players stepping into the game, the "tutorials" DO NOT HELP, we need well explained tutorials, it's DEs job to do that. Plus, she got SO NERVOUS and frustrated about the Duviri Paradox that she got tired. She told me if I could "return to the main menu or something" and guess what? There's was no option for that at the point of the game where we were (choosing a warframe and later it was doing some missions in Duviri). First in the start button it wasn't that option, then, later it said that all progress would be lost (of the mission). 1 From what I know, those are solo missions, so I think that progress SHOULD BE SAVED. 2 DE should explain players when it is safe to go out from a mission so that they don't stress out about leaving while still getting their rewards. Not to mention the amount of bugs that I encounter in her playthrough, like: Not bring able to ride the horse in certain situations, cinematics where drifter is somewhere else and not in the cinematic.
0:34 They really be putting Pedro Pascal anywhere nowadays huh? XD
looks great!
Can't wait to get back into this on the steam deck!
The most patetic expansion of all times! Good job trying to copy souls like games and failing miserably!
drifter/operator still wont have melee after this ,this was such a waste of time
Thank you! Im deleted your game
this update messed my controller up... i cant even walk
The best add on ever, literally one of the best I've played  well done to the warframe team, you've outdone yourselves truly👏
Basically they wanted to make a new game lol.
Great work from the WF team... There will be old players coming back for sure
What's the soundtrack at the end? I got This War of Mine vibe from that soundtrack. It's beautifully haunting.
I'll come back after they remove/overhaul that garbage ass Mood Cycle I hate being forced to choose what frame I use that shits ass save it for new players
Am legit building a brand new pc because of this game,my current pc can't handle open world areas.And l can't wait to get my hands on this game again and enjoy the best free to play game ever.l just wish they somehow make the game easier to learn and understand in early and mid game instead of spending most of the time in warframe wiki or YT looking how to finish a quest or get an item l want or need.
lmao the horse summoning animation is so Elden Ring. Fantastic trailer btw.
Wait they made warframe open world? Is this an update or DLC?
That FoV is awful!  Like looking theough a fishbowl
simplesmente perfeito pqp
Is this like a tie in to the Soulframe?
I love that Pedro Pascal is in this game now
Can you pls fix a damn bug where you get knocked out and you cant even move at all
0:34 why is Pedro Pascal everywhere even on Warframe?!!
It took a while, but I watched the whole list of names from DE hidden old teshin
1:37 Seeing this scene gives me this feeling that: Transference on a Warframe might give you mental pain, but you feel no physical pain. Thus, even if the landing is not graceful (and looks really hurt) the warframe recovers quickly. Drifter might also think that warframes has incredible muscle strength and mobility, seeing excalibur can easily recover jumpily with two hands.
fku bugframe
❤❤❤
I really wanna go back to playing but I stopped since plains of eidolon. It feels like I missed so much it’s hard to catch up.
After years, we finally get big worm
Man this update looks sick.. I just got done updating my game.. I’m interested in what warframe will have for me
I don't play anymore but it looks dope. Visually and narratively speaking.
Got a few questions about the newest update if anyone's got the time:  Drifter intrinsics: I assume it's the same as railjack? Just go kill stuff and do missions and you gain intrinsics?  Resources: for the Sun and Moon blades, any particular missions or areas to gain a lot of the stuff required to make these? Or just find it as I go?
Now that's what i call a FREE ROAM world .... Oh and UNCLE TESHIN IS BACK !!!!!!!
disappointing update was disappointing...
Eldenframe looks insane
0:34 Kinda looks like a mix between Pedro Pascal and the main protagonist from their older game Dark Sector
Extremely disappointed with this update. The fact that you're giving new players the option to start with literally the worst aspect of Warframe, the Operator form, as a starting point, and not even the full-blown Operator, but a nerfed version specific to Duviri, is an absolute disgrace. I imagine that quite a lot of people are going to try that path, be completely thrown off and wondering where the space ninjas are, and quit. I finished the story, was completely taken aback that it's literally a worthless story, and never intend to revisit it.
So is this gonna be the starting quest for new Warframe players?
stopped playing in 2017 i don't even know what i'm watching
I have left Warframe after was done with all content in Fortuna couple of years ago, my question is…what the ACTUAL F@CK is happening?
Can someone answer me and tell me if yes or no when playing the durivi paradox we gain rewards or loot on the normal warframe mode ? (or this mode is completly separated from basic warframe)
It was all lies, again. Thanks for the mid update DE
Okay, the DE came up with their own version of Sheogorath
It's crazy to imagine this spinned-off from an obscure ps3 game that I loved that everyone hated, and turned into this that everyone loves, but I've never played. lol I'm happy to see this kind of commitment and all the positivity associated with it - I'll jump in eventually.
bugs and more bugs ! i have a new name for this: Bugframe!
Thats great and all but where is cross-save at?
Duviri Bugged all hours
0:34 is that Pedro Pascal?
It already seemed strange to me that the Harlequins did not appear in a game about the Eldar.
El modo historia excelente pero el multijugador es un mega desastre me disculpan pero está lleno de bug lagueo perdidas de partidas
My dudes and dudettes at Digital Extremes:  I have been playing since 2013 and I have never felt so hyped about Warframe as I am after playing 2-3 hours of Duviri Paradox. The last time I've felt so great about something brought into the game was with Archwing and Eidelon. Fortuna, Deimos, the voidrigs, the railjacks, neither of them brought me so much wonder, joy and new life into my Tenno world as the Duviri has. IT WAS WORTH THE WAIT!  My congratulations, salutations and appreciation!
0:34 Pedro?
Is the update supposed to be a joke? if i want to leave the game i lose all the materials, although i should be able to do this... If you play the warframe and do endless missions then the game gets stuck in the third or fourth round and you get nothing! It's not worth the time and effort! Waste of time! Probably the worst update ever! Get yourself some decent testers, it's more than embarrassing to publish such rubbish! Waste of my time! Finally patches the dirt properly.
Confetti Rush
Yeah I guess I could use a horse, buy skins for it and all... OR hear me out, I can just pull an archwing and go zipping around 50x faster.
Return to orbiter on New War. My quest is bugged i cant get out my missions glitched. I dont really care anymore though ive been saving so much money since i stopped playing video games. Screw this robbery
The amout of bugs in circuit mode. Jesus players on console can't get pass the 3 wave and have to extract. If a host migration happens during any of em the mission breaks and your soft lock in that missions. The update great tho.
Ummmm......ok?
Seeing Warframe evolve over the years since the very start... makes me sad i never got into it. Wish destiny had such pasionate studio at the helm.
But what if I don't like Pedro Pascal 😳
uh is that Pedro Pascal?? lol
Insane
The most complicated game I've ever played but at the same time addictive.
0:32 Diego Luna, is that you?
BE WARNED It really sucks how it says leaving after obtaining a card you keep your loot...you don't... So to grind materials you have to do that 6 part stuff...I'm just trying to farm man 😢 I just want those swords.
Elden ring 2
It’s a fat ass update that I’m looking at  12GB 😂 but it’s all worth it💯😈
Crossave when?!
Soulframe buildup?
I stopped playing years ago. I look back on my time with the game fondly.  I encourage anyone who hasn't tried it to get into the game. It is an amazing ride. The combat is out of this world fun. I'm amazed at what they do with the engine and animation. The game looks BONKERS BEAUTIFUL now.
I just wanna kill me some giant wyrms!
正直に言います、デュブリに報酬は存在してはいけません、つまらなすぎる
Excalibur the protagonist
is that pedro pascal ?
Absolutely horrible update.  Playing any of the new modes online is literally a gamble with a 1% chance as one gets constantly thrown into the Zariman where you can't do anything but to leave again... only to retry and get thrown into the Zariman again.
Uhhhh Darksiders 2 anyone?!! Sick af
Love the whistle to summon the horse move, very original !
Очередная говнообнова
Warframe is one of the few games that show "gameplay trailers" with actual and what you can get from the actual game and i respect that so much sadly i cant keep up with the pc requirements as a broke student ill play it when i become stable WE LIFT TOGETHER
Now I haven't played for a couple of years now but what use do Warframes have for space horses when you can already bullet jump and ride the jet pack things (forget what there called) everywhere? Also we have human Warframes or something now?
Still not cross save
Soulframe before Soulframe
Cross save please!!
As someone that is getting back into the game after years of not playing. I have literally no Idea what I am looking at.
I wish this was cross save. Me and my gf played on Xbox one and then we both got a PC and we don't want to restart. But it would be nice to play once again. This and eso and fallout 76 are games I'm not gonna restart on PC but I'm glad that this game announced it would eventually happen.
man that rabbit op as hell
Yay we get to play as Pedro Pascal
How is this going to with with new players that don't have the operator/drifter?
WAIT THEYRE DOING LORE??!!!!!
Sigh there goes another 200$  rip wallet
After the hotfix the circuit is unplayable, every time i finish 3 mission the progression get stuck somehow.
Cross save?
downloaded the update but no real reason to play yet..combat looks slow and repetitive
cavalos comendo a minha bunda
Why doess the Drifter look like Pedro Pascal?
Why add horses when you can fly? This update makes no since like the quest but the horses part make no since
CROSSCPLAYC/ CROSS SAVE, when?
Diggital Extreme fix yourself and updates what you making. Because IT don`t looks like update on what you working 4 YEARS as and other parts of game and lore
More Like BoreFrame
I stopped playing just before Plain of Eidolons dropped, this game looks a lot different.
is cross progession in yet? cause if not i'll keep waiting before i get  back into this game
Nice Pedro Pascal
I thought this was supposed to be a new game all together soulframe or something? So what happens to our warframes now can we still play them?
SPAAAACE HOOOOOORSE
Komi is so addictive. 😂
Wait this looks sick....
actual W. i love these type of challenging new updates. i nice refreshment from farming simulator
So destiny?
*BLESSED.*
cross save?
My favorite part is when you can summon Torrent.
omg it looks so good
5 years, they spent 5 years making this, and it's terrible. Huge AAA games are made in less time than this. They had to have 1 or 2 devs working on this, that's the only thing I can come up with on why this took 5 years. Anyway, guess we'll have to wait another 5 years before we get the next update.
disgusting... reported -- get this off the platform please
Warframe always staying relevant
Any context to this launch? I am looking to try Warframe for the very first time. I have always seen it but never actually played it.
Looks like Pedro Pascal.
Melee combat seems weighty and impactful this time around, no more of the floaty twitchy old frame stuff.
Destiny meets Elden Ring, is this happening?! God damn.
i thought im at cinema🤣
It was aight
Finally, I can get my clamps!
Thank you DE
Yeahh now this game is giving me Vindictus
delete
Nope.... Tennos stay away from grinding
LET THE GRINDING... BEGINS
So I can play a human now?
For those wondering … no this does not play like Elden Ring.
Dead game puts out more lifeless content? Color me Steel Essence farming wasted on rolling Rivens for the next release of lifeless content!
pedro pascal in warframe?? XD 0:34
Generic middle aged white guy Drifter gameplay is boring. I don't want to stealth around to unlock a horse. Should've just spun the Teshin New War stuff out as it's own new game instead of Duviri + Soulframe 🤮
I can't be the only one thinking the Paradox guy looks like Pedro Pascal
no cross save?
Looks good, too bad trading between players is done like in 3000 before christ and Host migrations are STILL a thing Warframe feels like a Lamborghini with a volkswagen beetle engine. UPDATE YOUR GAME D.E WE ARE IN 2023 COME ON
I offer you an accord
I've been playing Warframe since it was released and a lot has changed year after year, today is truly one of the best and fairest free to play titles.  I also invested a lot of money in the game and farmed or bought almost all Warframe Primes.  But once you take a break from Warframe, it's hard to get back into the game because you're overwhelmed by the new content.  You don't even know where to start first. Then there is the problem, that I play a lot other games and generally also have other hobbies,  such as weight training. I don't have the time for Warframe, where you have to grind a lot to get Prime weapons or Warframe Primes.   Which I think is a shame, because I'm interested in playing Warframe again. If I have time, I'll definitely take a look.
Looks awesome but I can't ever return to an online game with daily/weekly system of quests and such, they always become like a second job to do everything and not have that anxiety of 'missing out' on stuff. Though considering how slick this looks I might have to hop in again if my games backlog dries up.
Warframe; slowly becoming less and less about warframes.
Now if you guys can have an Eternalism centric quest that at least gives a nod to Dark Sector, that'd be neat DE, and not just references from skins and nodes.
the PS4 version not having it's loading times fixed which results in a couple dozen host migration loading screens before one is actually able to play with others (if at all) seems to be a paradoxical, mind-bending unreality in it of itself
Let the new open world jank begin.
Mom, can we have elden ring?   No, we have elden ring at home.   Elden Ring at home:
Garbage
everyone, dont bother. wait 2-3 weeks and then the update might be playable. so many bugs ...
Still waiting for cross progression so I can play on pc
what is the reward for this quest?
Anyone else hear the original godzilla roar at the end?
MY LIFE MY RULES. MY STYLE MY ATTITUDE.
Wish I could play. Still no cross save .
What is this game?
Finally, the antagonist we've all been waiting for......the British !
Time to reinstall
This is just pure beauty. Can't wait to play this.
Look how far you've come DE. This game is definitely something to be proud of!
Now, here is a pretty game.. Exquisite!
Between duviri paradox, Apex legends season 17, Jedi Survivor, Dead Island 2 and Dying Light 2s new update I have so many games I wanna playyyyy.
Available on Mac?
Insane
love the game but switch is unplayable so im just waiting to move my account to pc :/
love to see my Boi Excal on tha big screens 👌
Where the fuck is cross save
Pretty sure this is Warframe Elden ring 😂
It's not even warframe anymore :/
gaaaahdayum
who fucking cares
Wait.. dominus sounded way too much like rell..
Looks fun but instead of changing the core gameplay (infinite farming) as it was promised to make the battle system like in DMC, they add an entertainment for 1 hour...
Damn i think that's Rell at the throne 😂
Disappointing
An empty Update, a quest for the sake of a quest, and after the quest a tedious farce of ress for the sake of 3-4 guns. The same useless update as the others. They do not change their traditions to release standard monthly updates only not in a month as in other games, but they have to wait for years. Visually it looks cool, but for ranks above the 15th, it's just another quest after which the game is dead again. At least one person would write the truth in a comment, otherwise you only do what you praise the developers for negligence
this update is bad
Let's go the MIGHTY SEER is a big player in this
DE devs are some of the most dedicated and loving game devs on this planet, It's why this game will never die
I stopped caring about Warframe after farming Deimos Survival like 30 times and still not getting Octavia blueprint drops. Cool game, doesn't respect your time.
so glad it dropped and i finished the new war some time ago and it left me HUNGRY
so these new frames or whatever they are, can be used in normal world too or no?
It was amazing!!!!!!
Estuve esperando la actualización por meses solo para decepcionarme, no es divertido, el jefe gusano está mal hecho no podes acercarte con el caballo porque te pega con ataques teledirigidos imposibles de esquivar y encima el operador muere por caída, voy a dejar Warframe para siempre
such a mediocre quest, really copypaste and shallow plot
This game has become a nightmare of grinding!!! And now I even HAVE TO sell my weapons for credits, for NOT having them on my SP circle mission. I spend thousands of pl for seriously end game set ups, but my option to choose for SP mission this week is  a unranked Dual Skana from my inventory. Looks like a bad joke to me. But ok DE, instead of spending more money to buy better rivens, I will reduce the amount of weapons from my inventory from now on, for not having unranked weapons to pick for my weekly missions. You nerfed Teshin store, so no reason to buy boosters anymore, since I can only buy 25 times kuva. And now I don’t even need weapon slots anymore… the game turns into wrong direction atm, me as a veteran is getting frustrated with the game
The quest was awesome, the visuals are absolutely stunning, tho the story is...4,5/5. It was awesome, tho bit confusing XD. AND OFC! UNCLE TESHIN IS BACK! THE best part of this update! I will never let Uncle Teshin down! EVER!
We waited years for this and it doesn't even work properly, it's so fun when it does tho!
1:12 an hair paradox
Oh, yeah. It’s Duvirin’ time.
I’ll play it once cross save comes out
Insane quality of content
itz amazing how this free to play game changes itz game play and style around to feel and look like a brand new game. meanwhile destiny is still destiny and u cant half of anything to the likes of warframe
ooh soo realize that you had to update the fucking game since also you were about to launch Buggi paradox
its like the intro to their new soul game
For free?
Pedro pascal?
Looks great Digital Extremes👍, now can we start working on cross platform clans please 🙏🏻.
I stopped playing ages ago. Back when frames like Nova were still kinda fresh But i'm still impressed and kinda glad seeing how the game improves and expands Wishing all the best to the devs, they're doing a great job.
And how this gonna be connected to the core gameplay? This sounds like a side activity.
damn it was one bad update haha xD
Hoarse
yo pedro pascal looks sick
they want warframe players to like soulframe
SPACE HORSE!!!!
this is really bad man worse than railjack
Не могу зайти в лаунчер пишет нужна поддержка процессора sse3 хотя мой процессор его поддерживает. Что делать???
honestly... f the horses  i want a pet dragon
ELDEN FRAME
Wyrm boss : now you have my attention.  Me inside : so fucking cool
All these elaborate fight mechanics then you gave me the ability to leave toxin patches after rolling and now the fight is over
Ooooooooo its here!
warframe developers letting people play with their warframes challenge (impossible)
Man this was a massive disappointment. Felt like a buggy demo for soulframe. So many missed opportunities and forced unfun chores. Herding sheep? And DE could have AT LEAST let us use drifter melee weapons outside duviri. Otherwise what am I farming for?
got the shivers! cant wait for my game to be updated
What is Pedro Pascal doing in warframe
Power outage the moment I clicked on the duviri icon in-game. Rig has entered the void.
Now I’m just waiting for cross save to finally play this game. I have a mr29 account on pc but I only have a ps5 now
Can new players pick this one up? Is it a new 'season' or a new game?
It sucks. Meaningless "story"  if you can call it a story at all. DE has to be running out of ideas at this point.
All of this to show off the new Pedro Pascal skin
Ahhh yes fighting for Uncle Teshin again, lets go Honse!!!
So we just gonna ignore the fact that the drifter looks like Pedro Pascal???
nobody talking about the fact that this drifter looks like Pedro Pascal?
Someone please tell me what this is? What i the hell did I come back to? as a some what vet to warframe which I stop playing warframe since I got mesa prime and umbra too oh damn. This looks wicked in  a good way and the fov I think it looking better a bit compare to before because when I crafted a new gun my shoulder like chroma prime or other warframe with big shoulder would cover all my guns and I couldn't see it at all lol. That was horrible for me and some others players who thought the same on reddit.
Pedro Pascal as Drifter
It won't be a new start until I can cross save. I've spent thousands of hours on Playstation, and I want my new home to be PC. I'm not doing all that again.
FINALLY, THANK YOU JESUS IN HEAVEN FOR WE ARE SAVED !!!
Ok, this looks actually incredible!
Nice trailer and all, but where is cross Save? Not a thing anymore at DE?
Pedro Pascal Edition
Come a long way from pulling a shotty out of a hole...
Fuck, who let the DE devs play Elden Ring?
"Sci-fi ninjas.. transform and move out!"
I don’t know what’s going on but I do know I love it
I wish cross save was a thing already, because my brother is asking for his PS4 back and I don't want to start a new account on PC.
sadly the performance on PC is terrible
I have to wait 6 hours for this download to be done ):
I'm not saying I won't try it but....I feel like I invested over 3500 hours just to play something like God of war or something... From what I have seen I'm not feeling it..
I wish I could play & enjoy this game, but I would have to retire to be able to enjoy all of it.
mounts
0:34 wow Pedro Pascal in WarFrame )
This design looks like world of warcraft: shadowlands
Yeah yeah same repetitive misions, no Raids, no bosses etc
Ok the kaithe is named torrent now.
Super ansiosa !!! 💟💟💟💟💟
Damn that music at the end hit hard
warframe will kill destiny 2 this time.
As an MR32 I really cant express how little Ive cared about this game since the Focus changes & the absolute nerfing on Zenurik operaters offensive abilities as you introduce more opertaor oriented gameplay. I cant express how little the whole Drifter Zarimon & Duviri stuff interests me I just dont care anymore...4500+ hours & you finally made me give up.
Broo is so amazing!!! I can't wait to play this
I hope they add operator melee to the normal star chart
Stunning! I'm so freaking excited!
i mean... we are gonna get new mods right?
Elden Ring in Space with guns, pretty cool
i hear teshin, TESHIN!
I’m just waiting for that cross save cause I’m not trying to start all over again, and I don’t have ps5 anymore so I can’t play even if I wanted too.
Please Warframe Add Cross Save, or whatever it’s called.  I played warframe on my Xbox and made so much progress and I want to cross save it to my Nintendo Switch so I may Play on the Go.
Drifter still looks like pedro pascale to me
The most solo gameplay
Any thoughts about collabs with Kamen Rider?
Please fix performance on ps5 lots of stuttering and screen tearing other than that love the game
did i’ve just heard “Teshin”
Warframe 2 is gonna be so fun to play can't wait to hop on today. Still blows my mind that all this is still free
Jist in time for me to play for the day
Rap tap tap
How to kill a beautiful game if I wanted fight with horses and swords I would have gone Mount and Blade or Elden Ring. I wonder when dev will get a brain and fix bugged bosses like the Ropalolyst or balancing some warframes that became hard to play or unplayable etc.
Excelente ya quiero llegar a viciar
YASSSSSSSSS
The dark souls of dark sectors
this is probably the most amazing update i’ve ever seen to ANY game
I came for the gemussy 😂
Warframe it's a Web3 game like. It has Rare items, it has their own Token (Platinum) and it online.
this is a damn good trailer
Bro killing teshins💀
I won't be able to play it until Sunday evening... I am sad 😢
I cant believe this is free, i cant, but it is, long live to DE and warframe
Can't wait to play this. Cross save please come this year
LOOOOOLL
This felt more like a trailer for a whole new game than just a trailer for an update.
Been two years since I last played Warframe. WHAT THE F*CK DID I MISS!!!!!!!
pedroooooo pascallll
DE make something in warframe without using Thrax in the name challenge (impossible)
Pedro Pascal in warframe, wow great work guys :D
Pass.
Was that baruuk and wisp deluxe? (thinking twice maybe wisps is Just her prime)
As a new player is now a good time to start warframe ?
It's laughably obvious they modeled the guy's face after Pedro Pascal hahaha
Want to play it now! Can't update yet until night time 😭
This looks great! But cross platform save would be better! Been playing since it was avaliable on PSN, now I've moved to another country and just bought an asus tuf f15 with wf in mind, only to find out the hard way
Now imagine Grendel doing those moves Excalibur did.
0:01 Welcome to Timed Mode. Enjoy your stay!
Been waiting for this for what feels like forever! You guys really put the work in to making it feel more fresh than ever, and the spiral story connecting over 10 years is beautiful 🌟⚡️God bless mates!
TENSHIN IS BACK!?!?!?!?
Warframe slowly becoming a lot better Keep it up DE
As expected so far is a soul frame combat beta along with a new player tutorials
AYO, Pedro Pascal?
That's literally the elden ring horse summon animation
It doesnt feel like warframe anymore
Is cross save there yet?
I'm actually so hyped for Soulframe, the mmo they're working on right now. This hypes me more, they're doing nice things.
Only took 5 years
finnaly!
Finally! Me likey! Me likey a lot! This is how new content should be! massive story update thats the key cause eventually game modes etc become mundane. 👍
Too bad DE donated $10000 to a terrorist organization.
Been waiting since the 1st trailer for this now my laptop isn't able to run Warframe anymore. Aren't I just the luckiest Tenno?
This new gameplay looks like 'Shadow of the Colossus meets Elden Ring', soulsbourne-esque melee combats with shadow of the colossus boss fights
Downloading the update... See you in 10 years.
Thanks!  but I have a ban for one word and can't play it anymore.
Still working for China? Not interested.
looks good but still no cross save...
crossave?
Not terribly interested in content where you're mostly not playing as your Warframe.
It’s been such a pleasure to see this game grow since 2015 when I played for the first time
1:55 unus annus...UNUS ANNUS
Alright fuck my test tomorrow, I’ve got more important things to do
Let's gooooo
Ayo the elden ring update
Im creaming
I left for a little while but this might get me to come back again for a little bit...
DID I JUST SEE WISP PRIME !?>?!!?!??!??!??!
the years of waiting are over, what a thrill
Omg what I've always been waiting for! Horse DLC!
1:59 I need you to release this music individually, it sounds GREAT and relaxing❤
Duviri paradox on mobile when? 😂
Cross save when
Ok, es hora de volver a jugar Warframe!!
How can I play duviri? What kind of missions do I have to complete before?
was that a mount i saw (O.O)
Finally   Paradoxium
Better than Lightfall
ELDEN FRAME!
I'm definitely coming back
Drifter custom animations when?
duviri paradox incoming
L3
Ohhhhhh...I can't wait to get off work todaaaayyyy
You can go update it right now
So many years.... and we´re here at last !   Happy hunting, Tenno !
The grind paradox
Wizard Teshin >> Space mom
Shadow money Teshin gang. We love casting spells.
EldenFrame? Looks good btw.
Looks very different from the last time I played Warframe, which was since the Plains of Eidolon expansion.
1:52 damn the reference to the old excal prime revieal... the paradoxes and the hidden references....
Is incredible 🙂
I always forget that I have to think of almost all release dates in america as if they happen 1 day later. Because it's been the 26th for 18 hours now(17 at the time of the video). Later moat likely means 2am here
Happy to see teshin back
Its been a long time coming but the day is finally upon us. The gates of Duvri are open at last, this is gonna be fun!
daddys gonna come home with milk qwq
Let's goooo!!!!!! 🔥🔥🔥
How do they do all this for free.
Rework conclave
No way this is real, man, i haven' played this game seriously in ages since Umbra launched (i loved that story tbh), but i'm really thinking on getting back on board again
I want to know if we're able to get out of the do very paradoxical if we get bored and go back to regular warframe
We had lotus as guide in warframe journey  Now we got Teshin as guide in paradox  The circle is complete
Toma o meu cartão de credito aqui kkkk. esse jogo merece um filme, um oscar
👍
How's crosssave going DE
If warframes weren’t in this trailer, I doubt some people would realize this is even warframe.
Is that Pedro Pascal?!
Y’all ain’t drop the motherfucker yet so what’s the purpose of the dumb ass commercial. Today is launch day what’s the problem
2:12 looks so dope and fitting
I am excited! Not only does this look so good. But it also feels like the start of SoulFrame
New Wisp skin? Ok what’s your price?
hope you dont forget about the base game again!
Wow, OBT of soulframe 0_o
Oh man! I can't wait to play Duviri! *checks how many updates there's been since Fortuna update* *pain*
oh yea its morbing time
Like
omg i can't wait been waiting for this since November
When is cross save though?
Nice Pedrito Pascal jajjajajjaa
i love how in 1:50 he faces the orokin dragon and '' i'm a warframe dawg''
Finally  it's here.  Love you DE
Every time I see drifter I think "ooh scorn on the feild"
cant wait to slaughter my enemies riding my pretty space pony
THE HORSE CAN FLY?
1:45 LONG HORSE LONG HORSE
ААААА
.... Bruno Pascal?
update live now!
We all lift together
Hold up they got torrent
The wisp prime showcase though
1:18 found it!
They better not kill Teshin again.
Why was styanax using sol gate?
Where is cross save spacemom?
MC looks like Perdo Pascal
I hope most of new content will not be locked behind tedious weekly quest and other bs
1:17 wisp prime?
I knew that mfer wasn't dead
Never thought I'd see Teshin again, after my 100 day login I thought that'd be the last time I'd see Teshin, even if it was as a shadow, but now, he's really back
Looks hype
im guessing u have to complete the star chart and the new war quest before u can start the duviri paradox right?
Horse prime let's goooo
If the next update doesn’t have cross save I’m just going to stop expecting cross save and move on   From your game because enough is enough you keep releasing updates i cant play and neither can any of the people on our server
Bugframe now with horses!!!
Why does he look like Pedro Pascal? 0:33
Have to admit, Warframe has come a long way. looking forward to it
"Available now" that's a lie.
HYPE!
Hey finally I get to see why my mutated child turned 30 in the new war
It says available now. You reeleased the trailer early by mistake ???
when will the update be? i'm already waiting all day.
I'm going to start a new account to see how well the new player progression and onboarding experience has been smoothed. And if it's as good as I hope, I'll finally forc-- err... Recommend a few friends try it...
"Available Now" : No.
Did Elden Ring and Warframe have a baby or something?
it's gonna be weird, fighting without bubbles for the most part
The hype is real
I can't wait to get home later today and play this
😩 uhhh I just want an update time! I’m too hyped to wait any longerrrr 🤣
Releases what time east coast?
HOLY FUUUUUUUUUUUCK I CANT WAAAAAAAIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Need cross save, I want to be able to use my frames from my PS4 on my PC
can't wait for cross save to get my 2020 acc
Dope as fk ❤ cant wait ..
Is it out or not as in the vid it says it is yet when i load and play it aint and i see no new quests on my mr 25 acc w all bar 1 quest done
wizard teshin is here boyz
WOW"  Warframe sempre  nos surpreendendo com coisas novas no game e cada vez bonito esse jogo que amamos. Obrigado DE por bom serviço prestado a nos jogadores!  sz WOW" Warframe always surprising us with new things in the game and every time this game we love is beautiful. Thank you DE for the good service provided to our players! sz
Aque hora es la actualizacion?
download?
Nice trailer love it
when's cross-save tho?
Iran country still abandoned in Playstation networks warframe  Members can not enter the game from 6 months ago.  Please do something.
A que hora maldita sea...
Goood
Ugliest game ever made. Why do ppl play warfare still. It's hideous
Seeing as Destiny 2 is fall apart at the seams, ill have to give this a whirl
Esos movimientos de ese Excalibur 😮
How's cross progression coming along??????
First the Mandalorian now the Drifter???  Pedro Pascal can do it all!
they changed dominus thrax voice now she sound like my grandma
Their drifter looks like Pedro pascal
dangit dude this is so hype, i started playing more heavily at the end of last year, so this is my first big update!
The music at the end is lovely.
1:26 Teshin is so beautiful in this shot.. 😮
Is nobody gonna mention the Pedro Pascal inspired Drifter face? 0:34
Dang it DE, I'm at school right now
LEMME IIINNNNN
New WARFRAME update and then Honkai Star Rail...  Goddamn. Fuck real life, man!
This is beastly, I want to update the game to start this
Wait, wasn't melee later?
Why is no one talking about the way he kneekicks the dude off the horse! That was sick!!
Pedro pascal looking a lil different
ngl, looks good, also sick animation on Excal!
1:36 it's animated so good you can't tell me this wasn't captured with a green suit parkour man.   It's funny af how the trailer said available now.... But the video title says later today
Please at least tell us what time it's dropping
Spoiler for new war quest            I am confused as to why they are calling out for teshin. To my knowledge post new war he’s dead
Dam that's nice
Hyped for server crashing because too many downloads XD
We need a pre-download the next time pls, we really can't be just waiting for a download them waiting for the download to complete and them we can play if nothing is wrong, this is kind of disrespectful for big updates like this
I don't want to see this trailer because my PS4 goes of and I want to play Warframe :(
Warframe is like six different games in one. And it's all free.
I rly wanna play but no cross save so I can't
New 2 handed nikana stance when?
Just my luck that my PS4 dies the day I decide to jump back into Warframe
ahora si espero que se centren en el crossave, ya van mas de 4 años sin jugar desde que me cambie a pc :(
Épico maestro
I really should have been working on my drifters drip instead of making him look like a budget power ranger... now I've gotta make him look normal for immersion. Can't wait to finally get some use out of the operator form, though. Gonna be sick!
Loving that new drifter armor ❤
0:04 1:15 boy DE must love that kick to put it twice in the trailer
Literally having chills right now ! Omg. The fact that the new intro cinematic ties in with Duviri validates to me that most of the story was planned by DE but that New War was a bit rough! Love this community and company!!!
IM SO HYPE
hope theres some cool mechanic we havent been shown yet 😅 if its literally just adult tenno with guns, bruh come on thats it?
i NEED cross save DE, i wanna play but all my stuffs still locked to my old xbox lol
what time does it update?
A qué hora sale en España ??
It feels like the makers of Warframe got bored of making Warframe so they made a new game and stuck it to Warframe lol
Love the new Baruuk. Just wish the animation punched with all 4 arms.
me who's watching from the sidelines waiting to play all this content but cant cuz no cross save :'). its been years DE cmon lemme use my account  already ;-;
This full on feels like a sequel
Pedro pascal
why did you ban my country from playing?? i genuinely loved this game and grinded for it but now i cant aceess it anymore, just why??
More bugs, can't wait
The first humanoid warframe player model that doesnt look like a pimple faced piss baby!!
Wisp mommy
Looks like dark souls combined with warframe... Lucky for me I LOVE both those games.
8k+ hours well spent on this game <3 Warframe is the best
so war frame became a open world rog game?
this is a game on its own, i does not seem just a quest
Changed the voice again lmao
BRO I CANT WAIT TO PLAY A 2 HOUR STORY THEN HAVE TO WAIT ANOTHER YEAR FOR MORE 2 HOUR UPDATES
It’s so awesome I cannot wait it❤
1:15 wisp prime is that you???
1:18 wisp skin???
How can i make my tenno look like pedro pascal? 🤔
Knowing the community give it a month or two for these people to get heavily bored 😪 dope game play though cant wait to see whats next. If this isnt the end.
Everyone is talking about the landing. No one is talking about Lotus’ hand being in the drifters hand.
Dev should have given us a pre-download option, new update could be more than 10 or 15gb, that means we have to wait more even if the update is live.
Love how everything is coming together 💗
Elden ring much ?
Встратая боёвка ближнего боя. Кукольный театр какой то. Никакого импакта нету от оружия. Игра за 3 года разработки дувири никак не поменялась
How did you all comment 2hours ago? For me it shows uploaded 30 minutes ago 🤪
WISP! MY BABY GIRL!
Jesus Christ that trailer gave me goosebumps very well done DE 👏
Warframe is my go to game
No one is asking the better question lol what time today?
that fabled warrior bundle will be mine
They do know how to make us so hyped !
I'm so excited,  and I just can't hide it. I'm about to lose control and I think I like it. Yeah!
ostias se me puso la piel de gallina quiero que llegue yaaaaaaaa xd
Will play for Pedro Pascal <3
Finally it's here 👍
Anybody else think that acoustic piece from the last little bit of the trailer during the cosmetic showcases sounds like an "off" version of Smiles from Juran?
I wonder if well see vor
Nice a new shawzin
POP OFF WARFRAME IN ITS GIRLY POP ERA
Too little, too late. Where’s cross-play and cross-save?
We have to admits DE and warframe is the game with more evolution across the years. I dont play the game anymore but Jesus how many more stuff they will implement? Good luck DE.
so warframe just became elden ring
Elden Frame
Bothers me how they add in new things like vistagraphs when the loading screen cosmetics dont even work for the past year.
> Available now Lie.
LESGOOOOO
Can't wait to play this update and never touch the game after! Ahhh Warframe is sooo fun
I don’t get out of work for another 4 1/2 hours. I can wait a bit longer.
Good to know they have time to release a trailer but not the update in a timely manner; and that they lie directly in-game and in the trailer stating "Available now" when it's not
What time will it comes out?
Can't wait to play ranked games of komi
Shadow Wizard Money Gang! (We love casting spells)
Add more dreads I want my nigga to look like carti
I wonder if the wyrms will drop mew Warframes 🤔
Long time WF player, so excited for this!❤
Jesus Christ this is lit 😮
1:19 is that skin or wisp prime ?
"TESHIN!" (The new "REEEEEEY!" meme but for for him now >:3)
I wan plae
Ali ta falando disponível agora porem ja fechei o jogo e abri 50 vezes e nada em "será que bugou" kskkskskskkskksks
Sonhe, não com quem vc é. Mas com quem vc deseja ser. DE sempre surpreendendo a gente, estou contando os minutos pra jogar esse novo capítulo da história do warframe
I've been with this game for 10 years.  Oh boy is it massively different now.
Is it out now or later today? The trailer says different things to the title
Amazing!
Absolutely amazing, great work to the WF team🙌
Just patiently waiting for this update for console!
THE PARADOX IS REAL!!!!!!
was that WISP PRIME??
the update on pc arrives at what time because I is not yet
This is gonna be so fireee. New storymodes and quests for warframe always brings me joy and reminds me of the good times when I experienced the quests for the first time.
Everyone loves Excals landing haha
1:14 What happened with drifter's hair?
After so many years of waiting, finally it's here and it looks awesome.
Wisp Prime anyone?
bro i cant wait
Hype Boizzzzzzzz!
Сотрудники поддержки украли у меня аккаунт великого мастера, участника збт, с орокин додзё, и всё из за того что я русский. Идите в ад со своими обновлениями.
As a veteran this trailer made me tear up a little bit as I've been waiting 4 years for this moment
Finally, the door has open....
Yeee another content island totaly unrelated with 90% of the game mechanics
😳
Horse Armor dlc
I heard someone say that new players can start from here?
Get ready for the red text guy!
Whats later today I'm so hype for this😊
0:33 nice to see Pedro Pascal in yet another thing.
👏👏👏👏👏
Wooo more hyper generic bland combat with bad visual design used to sell gacha and plat to addicted folks. Yay!
I dont really feel anything except for the horsies, I want to get my own looking bright orange
So when in europe? night?
Ahhhh I can't wait !
WHERE IS CROSS PROGRESSION I WANNA PLAY THIS NOW!
When????
Drifter looks like Pedro Pascal
Is this an update or a separate download?
Mükemmel duruyor, oynamak için sabırsızım
Is that Pedro Pascal? Is't it?
Add FootIk in your game, damn. 10 Years from "beta" release.
1:38 I've been replaying this bit so many times now. It's just so mesmerzing.
F for Excalibur Umbra
Lets go what time
So excited!!!!!! :D
👋🏻 Hi Rebecca. 🙇🏻‍♂️ 👋🏻 Hi Megan. 🙇🏻‍♂️
I've had the username "WhereIsMyHorseFrame" ever since I moved to PC 6-ish years and it's good to finally see horse
I don't get the opportunity to play Warframe as much these days but I'll make time for this!!!
Is it out yet?
Ujuuuu
Beautiful trailer
GIMME DA LOOT
yooo the way excal bounces down was so smoooth
We present: the techdemo for our next game
sadly i have to work all day
❤❤❤❤❤
cool. when cross save tho?
looks fun actually
i cant wait seriously i keep checking every 20 mins
Playstation just broke, so hoping for crosssave soon
DE making warframe hella clean with those animations
Que jogo maravilhoso, só orgulho <3
Anyone else here someone say Teshin? Isn't he dead???
Let's goooooooo!
Wow! Just wow! This game has come so far. It looks mighty impressive now.
Будут миссии с шазином?
KINO
0:25 "You're thinking, 'is this real, or is this fantasy? Caught in a paradox. Must escape this reality."
I just hope this doable for fast pasting
Haven't played this thing in like 7 years. Why are there people with visible faces in this game now?
That Shining Wizard to the mounted samurai is peak Warframe.
Been playing since the console port in like 2016 and I’m just here to say if they don’t give us Warframe duel mikasa’s with a dank stance I’m chuckin up the deuce
Let us pray to the server gods
Nice nice
new wisp skin 1:17
this game has changed so much since the time system map was a scroll left/right to choose your planet... heartwarming
1:37 Love the way he lands here, it feels not only fluid but there is a naturality that I rarely see, he sticks the landing but there is a little stumble that he recovers, instead of a simple "super hero landing".
Wow look another few hours of gameplay. 🤣 Maybe. Depending on if it feels worth it or not. And not just more filler I to a game which already has loads of filler.
SUB to me on here <3 have a good day everyone! hyped about this
2:23  and where? but looks so cool
LETS GOOO DE !!
Where is the ”warframe” gameplay? Looks boring.
WHEN IS LATER PLEASE
Bravo! see you there stardust
What time does it release?!?!
Would sacrifice my firstborn child for this game
Baruuuk deluxe
Looks very good - good to know where i can lose my plat ;) but "Available Now" .... well... ^^ Please DE drop it ... i cant wait anymore ^^
is this elden ring?
Red Text i await in warframe
NOT THE HORSE SKIN! NOT THE HORSE SKIN AGAIN!!! AAAAAA
Wisp deluxe looks awful even ingame 😢
what is the first sword name?
I've bee absent from Warframe like 3 years and now the drifter is played by Pedro Pascal? 0:33
I need a theme song, the guitar solo is wonderful
can’t wait
Clem , Grakata !!!
I would like to come back but I think i would be so lost on what to do.
AAAAAA
ууу не могу дождаться
hour of the update?
I was around 12-13 years old when they first announced duviri. Wow time really flies by huh?
Damn brah thats fire asf  frrr 🔥🔥🔥🔥
01:34 i dont know what is with this sequence that is fucking epic
I wish I could play this but I’m still waiting on cross saves sadly. Please give it to us soon
Is this officially released? The beta seem to last forever?
Available now bs
Warframe becomes a dump of ideas. Chasm between game mechanics is growing and the game seems more and more broken.
UUUUGH I can't get on until late night 😭
1:20 is that wisp prime or a skin?
I do not understand, it is written available now. But it is not available, the update is not downloaded, and not even searched for? Oo
Still dont know what the actual paradox is....
big moves, love to see it
Holy macaroni, that last cutscene with the wormy guy and excalibur was neat
played warframe since beta. Was banned 4 nothing by DE Marat. Accaunt was deleted within 2 hours. Too sad.
ahhhhhhhhhhhhhh
MY pc is ready!
Wizard teshin isn't real he can't hurt you   Wizard teshin:
Oh nice, new conteeeeent!
The drifter knee dashes a lot throughout the trailer
When
Necesito jugarlo yaaaa
Non c'è nessun orario scritto...non c'è ancora nessun download... dov'è il download
Что может быть веселее прыгающего экскалибура
1:37 has to be some of the cleanest animation put into a trailer  and the sound design and atmospheric sound staging :D
waiting for the live, do you know when it is?
damn, perdo pascal is in everthing these days
wild that Pedro Pascal is a Tenno now, too.
MAGNIFICENT 🤯🔥🔥
Really disappointed that I can't make my mount a giraffe. I want a skin like that.   Why? Because yes.
How much plat for them packs?
Duviri when?
Warframe is a dead game
No one's talking about our severed hand at 0:35?
Whaaaaa  🤩
WHEN
I need me that space horseeeeeee!
WHEN IS NOW?!
wait its available NOW? i thought it was a couple more hours.
burger 🍔
i want to play this so bad but i want cross progression, AAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
Duviri ring
YA SAQUEN LA ACTUALIZACIÓN
Available now    Insert monkey asking : Where udpate ?
SWORDSSSSSSSS
This looks like it'll be one hell of a ride
I preferred Thrax's voice from tennocon
“Available now” 😐
This is cool, where is cross save
Nice right arm, present from Space-mom!
NEW SHAWZIN! WOO!
UUUUUAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHH!!!!
Is the Drifter using Lotus'hand for transference?? Thats dope
yea but wheres red text tho
Wisps Ass just got an even bigger upgrade.
The red text is near
this looks amazing but what happened to our hand
still nothing wtf avaiable now ? now my ass
Wow de thanks for RU subs <3
SPACE HONSE!!!!!!
Isnt yet
I dont understand, the gameplay changing? or this is a new story in the game?
Peta, the horse is here
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Put it in my veins!!!
DE never ceases to surprise us. I mean, i know this was supposed to come last year but i do forgive them cuz i think it's better that they fix all the problems instead of just launching something uncompleted or with a lot of bugs.
Torrent now finally in Warframe lol
where is the update
I need to start all over again, because there is no new content to old players.
1:43 ok ok. But this landing was clean as hell tho.
We got a time for when it’s supposed to update?
It says out now??!
Why did they change Dominus Thrax’s voice actor? 😭
4 years...... its been 4 years
Can you help me ban (😢 I'm no hacker)
big worm will go kaboom
I'm so hyped for Duviri. Been here for years, and I can't wait to see where the story goes.
Oh wow it looks soooo much better!!!
Why are there comments from 2h ago, this was just premiered
I wonder if my potato laptop could handle this :')
W
5 seconds of actual Warframe gameplay in a Warframe trailer, wow. Better keep adding fluff instead of fixing the problems of the core gameplay.
Well that was disappointing 😔
МЫ ДОЖДАЛИСЬ! МЫ СДЕЛАЛИ ЭТО!
where gameplay
Available when? Now? Cap
Too bad I can't play cause no cross save
This is awesome!!! 🔥🔥🔥
Some animation look little bad other then that this update  looks amazing
DE as always... Improving experience
WISP SKIN
W
So beautiful I cannot wait
"teshin?... Teshin...?"
не знаю как вы, но я во время просмотра премьеры придумал функцию с призывом запасного варфрейма как некрамеха из-за кадров с скитальцем среди фреймов в самом начале
Brooooooooo
LET ME IN  !
Clem
clem
BEARDS!
Dori me
Been playing since June 2013. This comes out on my birthday! So excited
Победа, это победа
Eeeek
let's see what is comming for us 🤩
wisp prime when?
Clem
lets goooo
Clem
Clem
How exciting
Im goddam excited
Magnificent
Operator vs Drifter ? who is better
Is this stream on Twitch?
DE DROP THE DAMN UPDATE NOW WE WAITED A WHOLE ASS 4 YRS FOR THIS WE NEEEDDD LORE AND A REBUILD OF THE PLAYERBASE LIKE IN 2016
Pedro Pacsal soloing wwarframe
Finally signed up for Soulframe while waiting for this to drop. This will certainly help pass the time for the next year, about when I assume we'll get a release date or timeframe. : )
drifter gameplay..this is what i waiting for. Warframe is legend!!!
Finally I can ride my space horse!
Playing Warframe since Beta. You have grown so much! Let's see what you will become next! ❤ I am hyped
The description calls dominus "the child king" so I'm now 99% certain he's Rell from the drifter timeline
Eu fico triste de não poder jogar no lançamento,pq tenho prova essa semana 😔
pablo pascual here we ghow!
Im gonna CUUUUUUUUUUU
Wait... on website says available now 🤔
IT'S COMING 😊
Oh my god I won't need a railjack for it. I've been waiting so long, and it's so close, and I'll be able to do it!
Very nice!!!
came here to see the new elden ring update
Thats actually soon, I expect this drops with the update. Dammit I have to record some footage before it drops.
Are we getting the update at that time??
PUT W IN THE CHATTTTTTTTTTTY
can't wait to grind my ass off just so my miter and ack&brunt to deal slightly more damage and look cooler
Can't wait
This is what I have been waiting for
Warframe is a dead game
later today means when? 11:59 pm?
Took a day off for this man Better be good
I hope there will be a stalker
If there is no update imma show them the glock on my rari😊
Desban my account DE! I want to play,  I have a baruuk prime in the forge and I did nothing to get banned.
Today I have to get a minor filling done on a tooth. I'm not sure if I should wait to play after but then again that's like late afternoon, so I should be good. I wonder if this update will bring new decor I can mess with for my dojo and ship.
Honse K-Drive les gooooo
Siiiii
Came for the space honse, stayed for the komi.
Держимся мужики
Wait 8:30am ooh
lesssss gooooooooooooooooooooooooo
F to those who did not make it for the devuri paradox update
What they need to do is release the android version already
Noice
2 hours to go boisss!!
So I’m assuming this means we get duviri in 2 hours then?
