It must have pissed off the Meekon considerably that there were only 4 MPs and 1 audience listening to him being the world's most (and only) intellegent man!
Dominic Cummings is telling the truth but ONLY as far he knows it from what was going on in government but at this point he is not aware of the other even greater corruption. For those who are aware of what was really happening - outside the government - then I have no need to say any more. The ministers were all only puppets making micro changes  of guess the next move but although it is  obvious that Cummings is a very intelligent man with integrity- even HE isn't aware of the truth
Why is Hvnt the Cvnt involved in checking the Torys record, you couldn’t trust him to walk your dog!
Johnson and his bunch of Liars should all be held accountable and jailed.  This is despicable behaviour from a so called Government, it’s almost third world Politics. The People must be Jailed.
CUMMINGS IS AN ASP !!!
Would he have been this candid if the Tory party didn’t shite on him?
Had it NOT been for the pandemic COVID 19 in March 2020 the UK might well have joined forces with the US to BOMB Iraq on the night of the 12th March 2020.   Donald Trump had stated his intention to BOMB Iraq that night. Donald is by the way ON record calling the 2002/3 attack on Iraq carried out by the US George W Bush and UK Tony Blair a 'TERRIBLE MISTAKE'. The Select Committee were NOT interested in any of that,  more interested in discrediting Dominic Cummings to whom the UK should be grateful without whose evidence the public would be nohe the wiser. IN particular about just how unstable unpredictable Donald 🦆 Trump was in 2020 how close the UK was to HISTORY repeating itself.
Dominic Cumming and his colleague Boris Johnson have repeatedly distorted the truth to achieve their own goals. I know that in democratic politics elected officials have to lie in order to stay popular and hold onto power (re-elected). So what is the truth? Is Mr. Cumming lying now to benefit himself? Has Boris Johnson reached the office he wanted and Mr. Cumming is now expendable. Did the two of them have a falling out? And now is Mr. Cumming trying to get even with Boris Johnson? I know both men are very loose with the truth, so I cannot believe either men. This is a real problem. When the people of the UK elect representatives into high government office who have openly lied and the people simply do care then there is a real problem. No one can draw lines and set boundaries. Are Mr. Cummings and Mr. Johnson manipulating the public for their own respective interests? I do not know. I do know both men are liars.
BYOB
His hair transplant has gone horribly wrong.
every one claimed what he said wasn't worth tuppence when he was friendly with Johnson, as soon as they fall out (which was alledgedly down to the way Cummings treated Johnson's Partner Carrie) and Cummings starts telling a load of bovine excrement about what goes on in number 10, the left wing twits start singing his praises.   The man was no good when he was employed as a political advisor, and he still is not good, he is only trying to cash in.
I wonder what markets he shorted before doing this.
Never mind Johnson... Tell us about the grift. So concerned when he took taxpayers money he fuck off up the country. And used an excuse that only a 4 year old would use. In it up to his neck. Typical Brit
Ahahahhaha the fact that you think this…  The man who just last year was public enemy number one and the laughingstock of the nation….  The man who was fired for his complete and utter incompetence….  And this hilarious horse shit he’s concocted is actually your attempt to destroy our democratic government 😂😂  Fucking embarrassing, you should be ashamed. Britain will stand forever free, you fascists shall never prevail 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧
so proud he remembered all his lines!!!! well done!!!!
As much as anything Cumming`s says could be his way at getting back at the evil twins Bojo and Hancock I believe what he`s saying to be true and should show the country any details he has to back up what he`s saying, mind you the evil twins would lie their way out of it, this country needs action to be taken against this pair, come on cummings show your worth.
Pathetic man. Upset that he got kicked out of Downing street, so now hes childishly criticising what he was apart of. Dragging up everything little detail he can remember.
Is there an official document summarising all this? I would like to use it within a piece of uni work.
this guy was the chief adviser so how can he throw accusations around now when he was the one doing the advising at the time he needs to clear off and stop stirring he has sour grapes about being booted out now he wants revenge go get a life asshole
I just wonder how much chedder they've personally made out of it. Serious SERIOUS CASH!!!!!!!!! TALKING MEGA MONEY. Everyone suffering, whilst they're making some top wedge! Bravo!!!!!!!!!!!
Some kind soul needs to buy this horrible clown some shirt buttons.
Everyone that lost family should sue this government for these failings to protect people. Failure to close borders earlier enough,. Failure to treat elderly in care homes, failure to provide PPE, substandard PPE, take action on these ministers. Remember Johnson laughing saying it's safe to shake hands , acting as if covid was one big joke until he finally realised it wasn't a joke.
*Please Read*  *From the Government itself:*     https://assets.publishing.service.gov.uk   56. This shows that most deaths and admissions in a post-Roadmap resurgence are in  people who have received two *VACCINE* doses, even without vaccine protection  waning or a variant emerging that escapes vaccines.        There are therefore 5% of over 50-year olds who have not been vaccinated, and 95% x  10% = 9.5% of over 50-year olds who are vaccinated but, nevertheless, *NOT* protected  against death.        *Other fun facts:*   •If you die from a COVID-19 vaccine your life insurance won’t pay out because its classed as experimental.   •Pfizer, the world's largest drugs company, has been hit with the biggest criminal fine in US history as part of a $2.3bn settlement with federal prosecutors for attempting to bride doctors, judges and the FDA to approve its newly manufactured drugs and vaccines in 2009   •The manufactures of the COVID-19 vaccine has been granted legal immunity by the government so they have no liability if disaster strikes  •Matt Hancock has his own personal investments tied in the UK vaccine program.   • The current COVID-19 vaccine is causing blood clots, strokes, blindness, deafness and seizures which the mainstream media is reluctant to report. (Some people are also being injected with saline solution (Yes that is true))  •There is also a yellow card scheme to report side affects and deaths from those who have received the vaccine, but the government won't tell you about it, you need to already know its there  •Ivermectin (a cheap and effective drug that’s been around since the 70s) is the most suitable treatment for both COVID and the Flu.  •Since COVID-19 the flu has now become unheard of  • The average death rate for COVID-19 for ordinary people (Who are not elderly or don't any serious underlying health conditions) is less than 1.4%  •Through the 1970s and 80s the NHS willingly experimented on people using blood contaminated with Hepatitis and HIV, imported from US prisons (which they knew was already contaminated). When an investigation was launched the government gave the NHS orders to destroy certain medical records (to which they did) https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Contaminated_blood_scandal_in_the_United_Kingdom  •The majority of deaths in third world countries comes from contaminated drinking water which carries disease and parasites. It is cheaper and more effective for the *Bill and Melinda Gates Foundation* to build wells and water systems in these countries (which would prevent so much disease), but instead they prefer to keep people in poverty and sickness so they can profit from their vaccine investments.
1. they had a perfect template to follow which was China with worst over in 2 months 2. don't put covid sick in normal hospitals  3. Invermectin they silence when the facts of this drug are very clear  ....they still learn NOTHING ..that's the sad thing
Do people realise this is part of the play.  The world is but a stage.
Proof that our society is fucked when our governments value money and profit more than the lives of the people they are meant to be serving
Boris Johnson's instinct was to ride it out but health extremists and health fascists convinced him otherwise. Riding out the epidemic would have lead to a few deaths of old people and the virus would have passed by . Letting  a few old people die is consereed heartless. Cummings belief about hundreds of thousands of death is msileading, as he well knows.  But societies have gone utterly weak and are terrified of anything which will shorten the lives of the elderly then translated and misrepresented as "killing people." If chief health officers had been ignored, there would have some initial suffering yes, but as nothing compared to the suffering caused by the lock down and the destruction of livelihoods. The virus attacks the weak and old overwhelmingly.  Attempts to show otherwise do not convince. This exposé by Dominic Cummings is caused by his taking revenge on Boris Johnson for firing him and Boris Johnson, I'll bet, fired him not for rational poltiical reasons, but because Cummings did not make googly eyes at his girlfriend. "Prime Minister's girl friend going crackers about that story." This is his revenge. Cherchez la femme.
Soon it would be the vaccine investigation. 😏But the MHRA has admitted that, while it has not been proven the vaccine causes clots, the link is getting firmer.Doctors have been told to look out for signs of stroke in patients who received the jab after one person died and two others needed hospital treatment.  Just search LISA SHAW
100,000 care home residents left to die whilst these fucks racketeered billions of our money
To be fair though, that's what most European countries regarded it as in February - they thought it would be like SARS.
This is just theatre driven to promote and probably extent restrictions.
Slime ball
We have a special arrangement with the BBC .... which involves hushing shit up apparently - colour me shocked blah blah  Totally get the delay to locking down. Big wheels take many turns. Horrible and tragic though it was it was almost inevitable. But, having been caught off guard, WTF with Christmas. And now of course. Slight upward trend - we've seen this movie before. Rather lock down hard and cope with the aftermath than say bollox to it and watch everyone clawing for oxygen again. Hard long lockdown fuck Climate summit. Mass inoculation. Mass testing. Close airports suspend tax, shop rents, mortgages and debt. Outdoor workers permitted, indoor workers work from home where possible if not larger work bubbles. Children off and zoom taught. Temp checks at supermarket doors. Car numberplate checks in towns, supermarket car parks. Drs dispatched to small outreach centres to see patients and inoculate. DHL, amazon, and the like deliver medicine and prescriptions. Yes yes it's shocking but this will never bloody end else. We'll be demanding a vote of no confidence in Johnson next and that lunatic Starmer could get in. Labour - its all myths and maybes let's open borders and forget the whole thing. Jesus. It's a hard way of life for 6 to 8 months or threat to life for the future and endless bloody vaccines, briefings, masks and our loved ones dying in the arms of a petrified nurse and us on Skype. Fukc that.
You lot were hammering him last year, now look absolute deep throating the man
He’s actually quite a nasty little man, who used the PM for his own personal gain. As soon as he didn’t get what he wanted he showed himself to be the slimy snake that he is.
You tube intellectuals  having another hissy fit again.christ, i must stop reading this crap
Right thinking people should mourn Cummings departure from Downing Street as he put the backbone into Boris to get Brexit over the line. His next, long overdue, essential job was to sort out the Civil Service Mandarins. Unfortunately for the nation Boris's woke wife got rid of him.
Respect him for this interview
Globalist puppet.
Lol Jeremy Hunt is questioning Cummings 🤣
Cummings: "BoJo is a travesty"  Brexit Brits: "But he's stopping brown people from taking my benefits"
Wether this is believable or not.... Judas Iscariot comes to mind!
Luke 8:17 For there is nothing hidden that will not be disclosed, and nothing concealed that will not be known or brought out into the open.  THE GREAT AWAKENING   Open Letter To The 45th President Of The United States Of America Donald J Trump  THE GREATEST PRESIDENT OF ALL TIME   God Bless You Donald Trump and give you the courage, strength and wisdom, to be on the right side of destiny, to be the greatest president the USA has ever had!!  Sir you have achieved more in your 1st term in office than all the previous presidents combined.  Once people realise and really wake up, and see your hand in the down fall of the cabal, the global elites, the corrupt bankers, mainstream media,politicians, the various royal families in the world and their insatiable thirst for adrenochrome and other nefarious activities.  To gain the fountain of youth they have needlessly enslaved young children and trafficked them like disposable goods. All In the pursuit of their own insatiable greed & vanity, they have sacrificed their humanity and are pure evil and satanic to the core.  Once people realise your great military war against the deep state, and all the 5 million children that you have rescued from dumbs (deep underground military bases). You will become a national & international hero. Posterity will confirm and history will record. That You Sir, will be remembered as the Greatest President of The USA. Who has actually given the power back to the people, aswell as their liberty & freedoms. May the sun always shine, on the glorious New Republic, that you have newly created, once the US goes back to constitutional law and away from corrupt marine law.  Most importantly though Sir you will be remembered as the greatest peace maker and humanitarian.  I can only reiterate that Donald you are an amazing man and inspirational in your vision. I can only wish you a very long live, aswell as your incredible family.  God bless the USA and the rest of the world. MAGA!!  https://principia-scientific.com/2010-rockefellers-operation-lockstep-predicted-2020-lockdown/  https://highlander.com/blog/early-morning-thoughts/the-horrible-smith-mundt-modernization-act-of-2012-smma/  REAL REASON FOR PLANDEMIC LOCKDOWN ARE RESCUING CHILDREN FROM (DUMBS) DEEP UNDERGROUND MILITARY BASES, GLOBAL FINANCIAL RESET & COVER UP OF BIGGEST US ELECTION FRAUD BY JOE BIDEN.  "We, as lions, should never bow before the hyenas." Calgary pastor
How anyone can vote tory is beyond me. Next election everyone should boycott it. They are all a bunch of out of touch wankers.
This man has no credibility, whatsoever. Be very careful who you listen to, especially in this day and age - including me.
WHAT A TWAT
spill the beans dom coz the goverment got its cummings
To think the priminister supported this pratt ,when he should have been sacked.
What about the bull  shit numbers the shit lockdowns the lies lies lies lies lies. Telling lies on people's death certificates like my friend who died of breathing problems suffered for years was put down as covid. Lies lies lies.
I like the bit when he compares the plan with the Manhattan project and how Valance and Gates wanted things to go a certain way...
Sounds like a whole lot of arse covering to me. No one worldwide came out of this well, none of the so called leaders seemed to have a clue because no one had experienced anything like it before. I still think it was a trial run of a new Chinese weapon of war
Has it come to this!?
Only those from lower socioeconomic backgrounds will be labelled and treated as criminals yet we have the biggest crooks running the country. Total shambles! My heart goes out to everyone who has lost a loved one, job, home etc during this mess and has to listen to thissss!
Russian oligarch barnard castle eye test guy speaks complete truth? Yeah right. What is the pantomine we live in?
You was going to bomb the middle east becuase you scanned the world for oil with a penetrative radar satellite in to the earths crust to find the oil...And dont fucking lie! Because there is proof all over the internet about it. Iran is going to be the last one to invade isnt it? Iraq, Afghanistan, Sryria and the last one is Iran!
So how do explain that the NHS was announce natural cause of deaths as Covid 19?
So how do you explain event 201 then?? That was back in 2017?
Man said bomb the Middle East... wait what?
little grass
Guys, don't get distracted by this nonsense. This government has, from day one, been trying to tell us that it is a mess. They are not hiding it. They even put Boris and Wanckock in front to show everyone how much of a mess they are. Now this one comes out to tell you the same thing. But let's be very clear. The government isn't a mess. They know exactly what they are doing behind the curtains and they are working according to their plans implementing all the changes they need. All while you all rage about it all and look the other direction.
At least someone is terribly sorry. In retrospect, they should have acted earlier. Let us hope they know better now.
From the fox's mouth.
he supported a lockdown but then took the first chance he could to break it? lol
I remember when this channel wasn’t political
He comes across as arrogant and somewhat psychopathic. He gives the impression he thinks he was running the country. He is not an epidemiologist, virologist or medically qualified in anyway yet he is extremely rude and dismissive of those who are. I would not want him anywhere near government.
We all knew this before guys  We are all fucked
Body language gives him away.  Tut ! Tut  !
Either Cummings is lying and Johnson needs to be sacked for failure of judgement appointing him or he’s not and Johnson should be sacked for negligence.
Is holding his head in shock with both hands one of his manipulation tactics?
I think this shows exactly what's wrong with today's society 12 months ago he was considered rhe worst of the lot. Now he stops looking like a homeless man on the back of a bus and tells people exactly what they want to hear and eveyones eating it up like he's some sort of everyman political hero who always saw through the nonsense.   I'm no Boris or Hancock fan but come on people show some common sense and apply some critical thinking
matt hancock and boris johnson belong behind bars
Hindsight is easy , Cummings’ is a mendacious character !
My goodness this man is so soured, so calculated, horrible horrible display.  Hope the country see him for what he is .... vile
Or ya know, listen to all of the warnings before COVID and keep the emergency PPE stock supllied... Labour put that there for situations like this. But so many years of Tories  corruption and theft... Taking funding from the NHS so they can sell it off to horrendous US insurance companies to privatise... Pay £2,000 for an ambulance, need medication for a year? £300k...   The Tories were licking their lips at Brexit as it removed the last of the UKs protections of law and anti corruption measures... Instead of yhe Pandemic stopping them, they used the emergency laws to steal even more
Prison time for the lot of them for 130k murders and hundreda of billions stolen. All money recovered or maybe we implement Preti Patels eager idea of bringing the barbaric death penalty back. But just a one time thing for these treasonous criminals.... We've fought wars tbat were less damaging to us in loss of life not to mention the 50 years financial setback. All the Btexit lies too and the media monopoly on a military level propaganda war. Trade, key allies, business our farmers, students all in tatters... huge poverty,, NHS abused and they're still trying to sell the shirts off our backjs and the climate damage from these mugs... enjoy even worse floods   Once the money is reclaimed, PR implemented. All anyi corruption, anti rax dodging, all the cronyism it all needs actual independent oversight that can imprison. Law nerds to mean something, not just the mega rich laughing.
I don't believe a word this guy says...
what a shame he didn't come to the conclusion that this prime minister and government were incompetent BEFORE he got them elected. Or even while he was employed by them and could potentially have saved some of the thousands of lives he claims were unncessarily lost! Absolutely prick
What's took from all this is that Dominic Cummings touches his head alot
in other news,...he could be portrayed as a traitor....meanwhile at the bbc, the newswatch was gripping...taking itself to task - but, no one was available to comment
Having watched a bit more of this - you see how he truly believes that he was running the country and making all the decisions. And that all his plans should be introduced immediately.
Bomb the middle east??? Let's just drop that clanger in there....bombing civilians again....shameless
Tories interviewing Tories....do you honestly think any of these will be punished? Only innocent ppl who got ill and lost thier lives lose out here....
No NHS for 3 months ,sounds like a planned thing .Let's see what happens.
Oh... he's saying what everyone who hasn't been brainwashed by the Murdoch media has been saying *THE WHOLE FUCKING TIME*
7:25 "Trump wants us to join bombing campaign" What an amazing special relationship!
Having spent an hour reading a lot of the postings, I would like to add my own.  I have been watching Dr John Campbell's daily podcasts for over a year now and he has been a brilliant source of information and comfort to a couple of thousand people from all around the world.  I have also watched the televised covid updates and wonder who was responsible for giving the country these "grey suits" to watch, or rather "shabby grey suits" to watch with the "next slide please"....  Was it Dominic who advised on that set up and all the Sage stuff and 'we must follow the science' catch-line?  And who decided that Hancock should be part of the 'public face'?  Boris messed up with the Care Homes in the beginning and for not closing down the borders and the air travel.  He was far too lenient with this and let the virus spread.  It appears that he didn't trust his own judgement and gave too much credence to this personal advisor.  But if all he can come up with is a comment about letting the bodies pile up rather than shutting down the economy... I don't see that Boris did too badly and can see the reason why.  And this remark was made to a personal friend in a time of crisis.  I wonder whether women would be better at running the country.
Good man
And the scam starts to unravel, kid on pandemic 🤣🤣
Many Patry Political comments here do not disguise the fact that Cummings is a danger to anyone who disagrees with his list of governmental faults whilst ignoring his that eventually led to his dismissal
Funny. This man wasn't credible a few months ago, but I doubt he's actually being straight enough to help the enemy.  Expect a book deal announcement any day now. Tosser.
I don't believe this snake ..hese slippery.
Psalm 35 4 Let them be confounded and put to shame that seek after my soul: let them be turned back and brought to confusion that devise my hurt.
And all those that criticized Jeremy Corbyn and his Cabinet at the same time that this was happening and saying he and they were dangerous. The Jeremey Corbyn shadow cabinet of the Labour Party at that time was not even close to as being dangerous as Boris Johnson and his Cabinet for the UK.   Many people up and down the Uk have listened to the hearing this - are thinking quietly to themselves - we voted for the wrong man and the wrong party. So many mistakes made and lies told by Boris and his Cabinet, as explained by Dominic Cummings (His Chief Advisor)  Jeremy Corbyn and his Cabinet at this time would have done things much, much differently and fairly. Jeremy Corbyn and his Cabinet at this time - who are watching this must be shaking their heads ...
I quite like Cummings yes he's maybe bitter but I think he's telling the truth. The reason we had a ppe shortage was they let the Chinese buy billions of masks in Dec jan , I knew this was happening during that Christmas and was buying n95 masks to give away .we should have had a monitored quarantine when tiawan did , they should have bought up all the n95 masks in the shops and rationed them . The Chinese sold the n95 they bought off us and the west ,1 a month on a ration to every one of the 1.4 billion Chinese
Nothing for everyone for 3 months so then they decided well let's lock them down for 15 months ,no logic at all  they could have protected the old and and protected the economy and the state we are in now wouldn't have happened ,so the outcome was  all the old and sick died and cancer ,strokes ,heartattack ,and other illnesses , died as well what a eff up this government is they all need to removed and as for miss nuts nuts all was worrying her while people were dying was her mutt
After hearing all of this....  Along with what evidence he has given.... and yet to come...  The nation still thinks Boris is a capable man....  It's just deflating..... if we had a general election tomorrow Boris would still win
Either very bright and honest or Narcissist? Either way big campaign to discredit him- time will tell I guess ?
I'm sure good old Jeremy Hunt will take all this on board... Maaaaaaaybe
“Special relationship with the BBC”
When theives fall out we get the truth. He has nothing to lose now. He has all the dirt.
I watched the whole thing and this guy confuses me. He publicly states he's rubbish, he broke the covid rules, his judgement is awful, he should have done practically everything differently, he should have resigned years ago, and yet, we have to accept and believe what he says without him supplying any factual, written, official, or corroborating, evidence. He's weird ...
So true they are going to kill a lot of people hancook is very excited about his dangerous toy vaccine its all sounds like something out of a horror movie that is becoming real
The devil you do and the devil you don't  which r u going 2 chose
All he's saying is that he has/had the opinion that we should have locked down sooner. Well most people when we did go into lockdown were thinking "oh for fucks sake!", they were not thinking "finally, about time!"
For the last 12 months the media did their upmost to prove without a doubt that Cummings is a liar. Now they want us to belive every word he says as the Gospel.
Theatre to reinforce the narrative of a health crisis where one never existed.
Saddo liar
I trust everything this man says.. Thank you so much for letting us the English people know what is really going on in this government...
He revealed himself to be a rampant authoritarian in this. He’s evil.
𝙈𝙖𝙜𝙞𝙘𝙖𝙡𝙡𝙮  𝘿𝙤𝙥𝙚.... Find Me  <<▪
there are so many get out of jail free cards.
Vote for a clown and you’ll get a circus 🎪
Scruffy facker........
all treason! artical61 1215 invoked 2001.  you are all criminals
Cummings lied in order to get Johnson into power and inflict Brexit on this country. Now he's suddenly realised that Johnson is unfit to hold the position of PM and it's everybody else's fault?
This will all be forgotten in a week and the news will go back to shitting on labour 😂
Now we can understand what Churchill had to cope with...
This is all a bit late isn’t it? And basically nothing new that most of the sensible people in the UK didn’t know or feel already. A very disappointed citizen of this country.
This guy is a phoney, Boris did not handle covid well , that is a fact, but this wet fart didn't help at all
Amazing that Cummings is of the opinion that his assessment of everything is absolutely correct and that the civil service, NHS , government etc are all wrong. Then we have a credible Corporal Jones running in telling everyone we’re doomed! Over the years we’ve had so many experts predicting so many catastrophes. The “well respected” Bank of England being one, as they’ve forecast 15 out of the last 4 recessions. This obnoxious pathetic self opinionated prick is like a school kid who doesn’t get his way. Mistakes were made that’s obvious, but if he thought so poorly of Boris, Hancock and the Civil Service he should have had the balls to say so and walk away at the time. Gutless, weak me myself and I obsessive.
OMG THIS GUY HAS NOTHING VALID HE'S A FAKE TRYING TOO DESTROY OUR GREAT NATION HE'S OVIUSLY GONE LEFT
Didn’t know messi spoke such good English
Fucking snitch. Boris should have him done over.
Guys a snake.
Imagine all those lives lost by incompetent toffs in WW1. Then Spanish flu....a decade later WW2 let's kill each other again
Lets see who takes him to court over defamation.......no one I bet ....
What’s the purpose of these committee meetings and trials.  Fcuk all will ever be done about it and no one will ever be held to account.
His forehead is just phenomenal!!   Can’t stop seeing him in the Spitting Image character he’s portrayed as with the throbbing head.
Make Britain Great.....Make Britain Stupid!  Lol cannot stop laughing because this committee should be discussing the price of toilet paper instead of what we all know........Fast forward to the next election!  Boris is still PM and Matt Hancock the Deputy!  Nah...they've done nothing wrong!
Wow
Why did he do this by the way? What does he have to gain?
He isnt wearing his glasses ....all those long drives mustve have done his eye balls good
Spill the tea, sis!
This guys a worm. Anyone that's worked dealt with staff, children, or just dealt with a compulsive liar and see this guys is lying to save his own arse. His mannerisms have totally changed (look at his other appearances) because he is lying non stop.
Funny how Cummings was public enemy no.1 a few months ago now them same people are hanging on his every word.
He must of known Boris wasnt fit to Govern when he got him elected by the uneducated backwards thinking  masses . Boris was a media star because he was a buffoon like joey essex but he knew with his media profile that the plebs will elect him on no other basis than they had heard of him . Dominic knew the stupidity of the average voter yet he went ahead and did it like shame on him and shame on us for being duped .
This is how majority of corporate companies look like. The exec  just running around going to meetings and networking. Getting paid for nothing. Whilst the junior staff do all the proper work!
Now there's a bloke that could do with a slap.
This is a play to get Boris off
that's why advisers do not became prime ministers ahaha- he should use his ambition to purchase 2 kg of sugar instead of one in Tesco and then complain to shop manager that he purchased to much -
Hat Mancock.
Ye but, no but.
The Daily Mail has the letter Carrie wanted to send. Hilarious!
It's man-made... Just admit it... The truth is already out
Like him or loath him, at least he is man enough to admit his failings, and that of the Government
Hindsight is a wonderful thing........
Pantomime all planned
Is everyone going to ignore the fact the NHS, mental health services, sick pay, and "all the suffering" lockdowns cause is in no small part down to Tory austerity (a choice), and ideological anti poor, thatcherite theft?
Bojo will dodge this shit pie and get away with it.
Fancy a test drive Dom ?
Smeagle and golem at odds within the same body
Lmao so what Cummings is saying is he failed at the time and should be held fully accountable such as his castle trip, everbody was dead against Cummings calling him a liar after denying his castle trip now the left says he the most honest person on planet earth lmao, this is the reason he was sacked he was a liability !!
He nothing but a two face little weasel stirring the shit because he got sacked
Undoubtedly that excremental a__selicker is 'controlled opposition', and one would have to be an imbecile not to realise it.
Somebody pick a lamp post for Hancock 👍🏻😂
Is he being paid to be there(with taxpayers funds)?
Everyone is inept, useless, and a liar, apart from Dominic. Right oh. We should have locked down until we completely destroyed the economy, and everyone's lives, in every way imaginable! It's the only way!
You'd think the labour and Kier Starmer would go all out on this. But they're just as incompetent. What I've taken from the whole Cummings select committee is that junior ministers are much more qualified to lead the country than the traditional big beast frontbenchers. Obvs I already knew that just look at the options presented to the British people in December 2019.
Sorry but I just can't put too much weight on what a vindictive little spin doctor has got to say!
No one wants to look at this liar
Wasn't the UK supposed to thrive once outside the EU ?
working 100 hours a week ? that's more than 14 hours a day for 7 days  call me stupid but i think that's a tiny lie
This is why I have no faith in the political system, politics or politicians.
Put tie on you scruffy t@at
Sore loser hahaha
Cummings has been proved to be a liar about the breaking of lockdown rules  by driving to Durham and Barnard Castle. He has apologised which is more than Johnson has done. This evidence  should be enough to bring down Johnson and his cabinet. What a book this would make!
Cummins, who’s pocket are you in, you are a puppet for big pharma.. why did you travel during lockdown to barnard castle  where Glaxo Smith Cline have their uk ‘s up to 60 million doses of the MHRA  jab( not vaccine). Especially when you claimed your wife had covid. Folk s we are being treated like mugs.
I can't believe Armando Iannucci, and the rest of writers room on The Thick of It, willed this committee hearing into existence
IF BY WHAT YOU SAY I QUOTE, WE HAVE BEEN PLANING FOR THIS . WHAT? IS HE SAYING THEN BY STATING THOSE WORDS.  IT SEEMS HES SAYING THAT THEY KNEW ABOUT CORONAVIRUS  LONG BE FOR IT BROKE OUT IN UK  SO DID IT COME FROM A LAB?
Banned.video
What a bloody shambles
I BELIEVE HIM.
I don't know how anyone can take him seriously, sat there with his sleeves rolled up and buttons undone to the middle of his chest, lounging back on his chair.
If Bodies Johnson thought the economy was the priority, he wouldn’t have done Brexit
No virus  just theatre and lie upon lie.
Any alleged to this guy  is in vain ,he still be prime minister
The most despised person in the UK has seemingly become the most trusted over night  Be careful what we want to believe that plays to the narratives already in our heads.   To say Cummings has all the facts all of a sudden makes me suspicious.   Not said in defence of any government. Just want the facts. And Cummings isn’t the person I would go to first for that. Just saying
How could the Tory party not expect this?  It’s like the story of the frog and the scorpion. They had no problem when he was a duplicitous back stabbing nasty bit of work when they employed him, why so shocked when he stays true to character?! The scorpion has no choice, it’s a scorpion.
But “Dom’s really into science” ffs it’s expected that the priminister should take scientific advice from that? Why shouldn’t he be over riding military generals as well?!
The government have lied, Hancock, Witty and all the other TV doctors have lied. The BBC have lied and there needs to be an investigation into all of this. Let’s see what happens.
when i watch cummings run from downing st, you looked scared ? i hope he is not playing the politics game and is at last telling the truth ? i didn't like cummings and thought him dangerous to the public, but i think the same of boris who i consider a total fool ? now that worries me that cummings followed such a stupid [ i just can't call him a man ] thing ? i want to trust someone in government, yet can see not one that is not or has not been on the take of some kind,,NOW THAT IS VERY SAD for our country of so called servants of the people and public purse,,,
Good on him to do something rather than nothing
Watching from New Zealand it was and remains sad to see the ongoing fuck ups of a great nation making delayed actions and then persisting with opening up when it was onvious variants were about to kick in with each wave.  Incredulous to watch the ineptitude clearly on display, whilst also knowing it would have been infinitesimably harder for the UK.  It was frustrating that I called it a pandemic on our March 9th, when 100 nations were affected (those that showed their stats), and WHO only called it a pandemic 2 days later.  We were viciously threatened by the Chinese ambassador for (as with several other nations) for pausing flights from China first.  This pandemic would not have eventuated had China stopped flights out of China.  Fuck them.  I applaud this guy for telling it how it was.
Like Dom implies, the mandatory lockdown was unnecessary because people would have taken precautions voluntarily. This would have been a preferable route, in my opinion. Govs shouldn't be forcing citizens into virtual home confinement in the way we've seen happen all over. Unbecoming of liberal states. Information, care and support is where their mandate should end.
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  This life isn't all there is, and time to be saved is running out. If you don't know Jesus Christ is real, call on him today. If you will ask Jesus Christ with a genuine heart to please forgive all your sins, and come into your heart and please save you, he will save you and you will soon know how real he is. God bless.
Boris Johnson is idiot, but Dominic Cummings is another class of idiot. He drove from Durham to Barnard Castle before returning to London for work to see if he could drive safely after his eyesight became affected by coronavirus during a lockdown.
He lost me at “the truth is”
You've just murdered 10000 people.  Matt Hancock: it's about saving lives!  Media: OK no problem
Drenched in illusion .. looking for revenge and popularity, a poor little man .. look into his eyes and everything is known .. I feel sorry for him!!
Lesson for Boris here.  If you keep a rattlesnake in the room, sooner or later you'll tread on it and get bitten.
There was never a need to lock down and trash 1,000 years of British institutional development and intellect. The Pandemic Plan 2011 was perfect for this situation. The obsession with copying others in the last 30 years instead of looking at British common sense and science is astonishing. This pandemic doesn't even make the top 100, it can barely be called a pandemic. Whilst this was happening, many other diseases were killing far more people in larger numbers, and since 1960, the excess deaths have not been any higher than most years. Under 60's were at statistically zero risk. Like flu, this attacked the older cohorts. Most of this people would have died anyway of flu, other disease within a year to two years. Most were in care homes, hospitals and had underlying health conditions. Even in this people, most survived and are fine. For everyone else, they're now going to di of all other causes over the next 10 years due to not being seen by the NHS. The ONS predicts between 1 and 1.3 million deaths, to save 100,000 Covid deaths of very elderly and vulnerable once you remove the wrongful allocation of Covid as cause of death from NHS stats. Even if we halve that number - 500,000 vs 100,000. Halve it again - 250,000 vs 100,000.... now you can see the scale of the crime the Government and the public have just committed, not just against themselves, and killed themselves, but against the institutions of freedom in this country that are unique amongst English speaking peoples. Devastating. This is the result of authoritarian mindsets infiltrating British culture over particularly the last 30 years. Weak, weak, weak to coin a phrase.
Had Cummings made just a few allegations It may have held some water but his tirade of venom even extended to Johnsons wife........I shall eagerly await Cummings evidence that the Joint Committee have asked him for
There were hundreds of thousands dead 150k+ in the UK
Face it Dominic, Boris has been doing better since you left ...
You  needed hard evidence for these allegation unless certain individuals come forward even if true its speculation nontheless it can't be dismissed
And in the real world.. if you dislike Boris and the conservatives you will believe everything this man says.. if you don't dislike Boris and the conservatives you will think this man is full of shit.  Also im sure at least half the voting population think Boris hasn't done too badly overall with Covid. Mistakes would have been made no matter who was in charge.
If Cummings is as rubbish  as he says he is ( cummings) why does he ever apply for a job he should be unemployable he used to be slated in the news papers  as the devil ,Cummings is even a better liar and deciver than him 🤔
Incredibly inflammatory.... I suspect that the course of events to this crisis is absolutely no different from 100’s of prior challenges faced. Blaming CURRENT MP’s for material and manifest failures made now, is a red herring, whereas the “Whitehall Mandarins” that have been in place for DECADES, simply snigger into their hands and continued to do sweet fanny adams whilst feathering their nests....
What does this guy want? 0 covid?
Drove 30 miles to test his eye sight before driving..whats wrong with reading a numberplate at 25  mtre..  you are not real
A not to be trusted assistant, aide ? More like someone who should never have been employed in that post. Any assistant who records conversations, for future disclosure, is a TRAITOR to his employee. The BOOK will come  next ! Anyone care to employ him ? Even talking to the disgraced BBC is another big mistake by him.
Was our covid response a failure though? We have the quickest vaccine rollout in the world in terms of proportion of the population. He's obviously just bitter that Boris sacked him so he's trying to sabbotage the government
Sorry,he can only tell lies
Who would have known it would take a talking egg to call out the government.
Cummings
Sack them all ...have the enquiry this year
This is the worst set of people in government a bunch of tyrants bullies and lies they have told the worm as turned the truth will out
This video is 6 on trending
Liar liar pants on fire.
He could just say anything.
Bomb the middle East. He said it with no regret or remorse. Honestly I don't wish he'll upon anyone but these people deserve it.
Boris and his cronies can commit daylight murder in front of a crowded London city and broadcasted all over the world and still get away with it.
Typical quality from Joe, a description that says a four hour Select Committee, despite it actually being almost double that, at 7 hours and you couldn't even get his job title right, despite him actually clarifying it during the discussion. Could be worth watching it before deciding on the highlights.
The bloke nobody had heard of until he broke the rules. The bloke who hopefully will rid wankcock then disappear and never return.
1:28  "I've been told for years that there's a whole plan for this... there is no plan"   WTF!
This bloke....is scared.  He is speaking out - for his own protection.  Better ...to not be taken down - by your own tribe ¡¿¡¿¿
Cummings is just another shill
Can someone please provide an unbiased, brief explanation to what this video is about and what the situation is about?   You can add your (biased) opinion at the end. I would just greatly appreciate a quick summary and would also love to hear your opinion
Why don’t they tell the truth,bull shit puppets for the globalists lying bastards to many people waking up To there lplandemic Nuremberg for them all soon for there crimes against humanity
And the strategy used was a much better alternative, HOW? The 1st order and carried on throughout the pandemic, should have been. Close all boarders!  We are an island ffs, look at NZ.
Cummings FALSE ALLEGATIONS will only BOOST support for the Tories...just like what happened during the last local elections when LIEBOUR lost hundreds of seats...so go on UTTER more LIES you knobhead....this means another LANDSLIDE VICTORY for the Tories in the next GE and this time with 200+ seat majority...LIEBOUR will be left with just a PATHETIC 10 seats...hahaha
This seems to be less about revenge and more about making amends. He helped the monster without fully realising it was a monster.
is'nt this the plonker who drove across the country during lockdown?
Never knew Hancock lied
LOL he can remeber this but asked about him going up north he had to have all wrote down liar
Why are we all suddenly believing everything he says? He's been caught out lying before, even admits to it, so why trust him to tell the truth here?
I worked for the NHS doing test n trace on behalf of a company that I won't name when I first started, the vans that we used to do the mobile tests around South London were very basic and compromised of a fold out gazebo chairs PPE and testing kits which was all that we needed but company decided in ordering new vans with tents that popped out on either side,  lights on the roof, a microwave, instant hot water, a portable generator, 8 plug sockets including usb sockets, each new van cost £70000 our test ordered 10 at a cost of £700000 if u ask anyone working for these test and trace company's ask them if they needed the new vans they will all say no its just an over engineered van that actually takes longer to set up than the old vans this is just one example of how the government have given millions of pounds to these companies to waste, working on these test sites was truly eye opening experience.
When the FBI brought down the mob it was with testimony of other MOB members. Just because this man may be despicable doesn't mean he's not telling the truth now.  He has nothing to gain, people who hated him before will continue hating him so nothing really changes for him.
What an idiot he cannot remember much or even going to Barnard Castle Total bitter waster.
"The BBC has a special position in the country during a crisis..." Yes, spreading the fear porn to propel the Bill Gates euthanasia agenda into overdrive. Guess what? The only people who listen to the BBC, these days, are the complete fuckwits who have taken the dangerous experimental gene therapy that hundreds of virologists, among them a couple of Nobel Prize winners, have disparaged.
Sleazy
This sounds like a bloke who is trying to avoid the Nuremberg Trials that are coming.
Gonna enjoy this one
Won’t make any difference to the boris boot lickers
On a note of sarcasm and no offence meant but my father died of a heart attack. Should i sue the NHS for negligence as the ambulance crew were not clairvoyant and didn't turn up before he had it as he would be here now. For f### sake why is it our goverment has to analyse what has happened. Covid has been horrific for many families that have lost loved ones but i think from a humanity point of view boris johnson did all he could with the information he had from experts. What else could he have logically done. Cummings is just spitting bile. What has happened has sadly happened and no re analysing of it can change the reality.
It's like Goebells telling the Jerry's that Hitler was a bad guy! The whole lot need standing against a wall.
How do i renounce my British citizenship. Im not even English im indian/European   Sick pf this mess
I will stand by Boris and his government. He did well. This man is bitter and twisted
Dominic Cummings 100% Drama Queen (and totally self obsessed), BoJo clown for employing him.
Woman mp on zoom using a filter 🤣🤣🤣
All the Parliament’s Men
He reminds me of someone scorned
GRASS
Camera person rushed picking this angle - lady in the background looking busy and Dom's shiny dome
The thing is people already hate the guy, so his word isn't worth much.
He’s like a bitter divorcee lol. He would’ve been held in a lot higher regard if he had just raised a few key things rather than endless, whiny rant. Back from whence you came now, Cummings.
Listening to this,  criminal proceedings such take place for such neglect of the duties of there offices
So he's basically saying he's sorry for not advising to lock down earlier. He's still working under the assumption that paralyzing society and the economy saves lives - this assumption needs to be defeated in an enquiry otherwise we'll have lockdowns forever.
7:25 Bombing the middle east. How casually they say that is terrifying
Friends intro meme
Dominic “Jeff Goldblum” Cummings.
Needs to tell the truth about the covid plandemic.
One of my favourite actors he's rather good tbh
I think its pretty clear what he's doing, he's jumping in early before the inevitable inquest starts so that he escapes a large part of the blame, you can tell he has been planning this for months (its 7 hours and all sounds rehearsed...
Well done DC. Don't like you but thank you for questioning and information.
I have to say that I believe the bloke. Yes, he did wrong during the pandemic but I really think that he's telling the truth here, Boris and Hancock need to face the music and face imprisonment if proved true. I can understand Cummings frustration, when you have a boss who's clueless and you keep pleading with that boss to sack a colleague because they're totally inept and are not fit for the job only to be met with silence and inaction then you do get angry and bitter, add to this that on this occasion deaths are caused then times that bitterness by 10.
At least he answer the questions like a human being and not a dodgy politician
This Gas light from Both Cumming's and Hancock is to get us angry and people take there Family members and the Mentally ill out of Home and Care Units, This would Save Treasury £120 Billion a year, Think about it people, this is Money the Rushi has already spent!
snake
aaaaand the Tories just lost 2024.  I'll be spoiling my ballot, that's for sure.
"killing hundreds and thousands of people"?
Tell me this if Mr Cummings had kept his job, would he still testify here?
Swine flu death vs Covid19 (true) death. I think Boris has been proven correct.
this puts Johnson's often touted skill to hire and delegate the right people to be dead in the water
He is a traitor and if l remember when we were told to stay home didn’t he travel up to the north he is like a boy who threw toys out of prom got no time for him he is a liar
Bwoken bwitain.
How many times did the UK hear we were 2-3 weeks behind Italy so they all knew what was coming our way
It's unusual to hear a politician not just avoiding answering questions and actually have content.
99.7 survival rate? Yes you have blood on your hands and it is all the deaths from the lockdown. Lying scumbags.
I like Dominic.Cant wait for the rest of this.Hopefully this will be the end of Johnson
*_The man who made the liar a king, now confirms the king’s a liar. But still, those who treat politics like sport will stand by the liar. It’s not a sport. It’s not a tribe. Changing opinion based on revealed facts does not discredit your integrity. Change for the better, not for a colour._*
Keep hearing 'you voted for him'....What the F was the alternative...Corbyn...?
All the hand gestures, head in hands, the mock guilt? Exasperation? The BBC will be on the phone they need a new shyster in eastenders. This is time to remove all 650 none are fit for purpose.
Going by the comments you can tell it’s a feeding trough for the sad excuses that call themselves leftists. Was PPE and ventilators provided?  Yes, they were so I don’t care of Boris set a company up himself to make PPE and ventilators and made a packet so long as PPE was provided. The so called tolerant left showing their vile fascist nasty side
AH!!     HOLDING COURT !!!     PRINCE OF THIEVES !!!    ECONOMICAL WITH THE TRUTH!!!  ALL KINGERGARTEN STUFF !!  -- REALLY!!      ---- PLAYING GAMES !!     BLAME GAMES TOO  !!!  FROM U.K.
So all those who did not believe him in 2020, believe him now? 😂😂😂 The mans a bitter joke!
Warwick 'Kingmaker' is betraying his master.
You can not make it up, ever get the feeling you've been cheated..
Official Full Details. Boris Johnson to Resign https://youtu.be/gtLQj9tV-F0
https://youtu.be/gtLQj9tV-F0
Fun theatre; change is coming. People are scrambling.     Where's the evidence it isn't "just swine flu" ?
Talk about taking everybody down with him.
Still don't trust him at all, but he's the only person thus far who's been willing to acknowledge his culpability in the needles deaths of thousands. Through the looking glass when one can say this of Cummings, and the whole thing counts for nothing in terms of Johnson's popularity
Don’t know what the problem is... ya’ll voted for this government.   Reap what you sow   This will get swept under the carpet and it’ll be “business as usual” and ya’ll will fall for it again and vote for them again, then cry wolf...AGAIN!!!
this guy is a disgusting human being.  would not be shocked if he vanished
Did he used to be GINGER when he had hair and will he move to America
Oh look.............. liars covering their lies with more lies. It’s a side show! Keeps you from the truth......that is that  it was all lies and now most of the vaccinated are going to die early. But don’t worry, we’ll lie and tell you it’s another variant and blame the unvaccinated.  You can read them like a book!
This comes across as a theatre play to placate the public with bread and circuses, whilst hiding the REAL truth
Praise Dominus. He sacrificed himself for us. Hail Cummings,  true man of the people.
et tu Brutus?
and yet when it comes to the next election everyone will still vote conservative...
🐭
🐓
Huge mistakes were made.This clown being the biggest. Has he been taking tips from treacherous Prince Walnut.
and nothing will come of it, you just watch...
“I didn’t advise lockdown because it was such a big thing, imagine if I were wrong?!” Well, the decision to do thatshoild have been based on science and fact and common sense, not left to politicians with invested interests and agendas. Criminals, all of them
Get this creature out! He doesn’t actually believe in what he’s saying, it’s all a personal agenda driven by his ousting from number 10.
It's amazing how Spitting Image captured this disgusting little man's personality so perfectly.
I have a feeling, he's conscious has been awaken due to the covid affecting him. That happens when death knocks on your door. In his case, he survived it. May be he just had an awakening if that makes sense lolz
a bunch of chancers and flyboys wearing Teflon suits running the country but not really running the country so it seems by the sounds of what Dom has said!  nothing will happen to them. they wear Teflon covered suits meaning you can throw untolded mountings of crap at them and they will be totally unaffected. they shall still have all of the same jobs in months to come because the crap they created by there own selves is a result of there nature as sloppy inefficient uncaring chancers and flyboys in that's there nature. crap just slides off them as they have no accountability.
So this is PM’s senior advisor who pass on others advice and took no responsibility. Hmmm, what’s the point of him then?
I feel, If Jeremy corbin was the prime minister, This wouldn't have happened.
France would of smashed the government to pieces
These scumbags should be handed to the people.
Of course terrible things are coming to light for that we can be grateful but I love how he somehow makes himself (and the wonderfully electable Fishi Rishi) the heroes of his tale, bravely trying to convince the PM to follow the science. What a nest of vipers.
People who are lying tend to change their head position quickly. ... Their breathing may also change. ... They tend to stand very still. ... They may repeat words or phrases. ... They may provide too much information. ... They may touch or cover their mouth.
So the man who single handedly did the most to undermine the govs messaging during the first lock down is now gonna critism the govs lack of action. WOW that is RICH.
Wot a horrible little sh!t this man(?)is.
Why is no one asking why the flights from China were allowed to continue all the way into lockdown?
Jeremy shud not be on the panel!!! He is curupt it has been proven he is slime
Dont go walking in the woods Dominic you might bump into some rugged looking types on a mission.
Just talking about are we going to bomb iraq...with literally no context whatsoever...how did this guy ever get a job...even some basic PR bint aged 19 would understand discretion better than this guy...how do they get these jobs??
nice babe in the background
There’s a lot of Cummings haters on here. They have to be staunch Conservative supporters. We all know how inept and indecisive Boris was during the whole of the pandemic. We could see and experience the awful mess he made if things. What Cummings is doing here is putting flesh on the bones of the story. We KNEW what mistakes were being made but we didn’t know what was going on behind closed doors at Downing Street. I believe Cummings. There’s nothing to logically dispute. The Prime Minister is NOT fit to run the country. He is slow, indecisive and spineless. He IS RESPONSIBLE for tens of thousands of deaths by not taking the difficult decisions fast enough. We know that to be true. Like him or loathe him - Cummings is speaking the truth.
Theres a reason to only publish certain things. This kind of transparency actually makes any government untenable...doesn't matter which party. Its actually a very stupid and very damaging process. If Bojo shards his pants during an internal meeting...the public does not need to know
Dominic Cummings is the messenger here. He is telling us that the current parliamentary system and in particular cabinet government is not fit for purpose.  Our government can only react to events. "There is no plan".
What an absolute sleaze this guy is.
What an absolute sleaze this guy is.
Dominic Cummings is such a snake. Don't believe a word he says.
https://youtu.be/8LFS3FaRs_s
Once upon a time you all called him a liar... now all of a sudden you take his words as fact. MOREOVER, the country has had a ridiculously good vaccine response and we are on the way to being free! FINALLY!  Boris has done a good job seeing that the last governments fucked the PPE situation.
This man has the biggest axe to grind! Personally I wouldn’t trust the man who says ‘I didn’t break any rules’ when travelling half the country to get his eyes tested.
I'm as interested in this,as much as they are interested in my life.
Is this really the calibre of govt advisors?? Flailing about dramatically while giving evidence, (I watched it live, he was not composed, he was not convincing) referencing himself as though in the scene of a Hollywood movie. This is overhype and a smokescreen. Bouying up the official narrative to deflect the real medical/scientific issues and questions that are being sought legally. This needs to be brought to court so that a govt may never again behave so recklessly defying blatantly the governing rules of medicine.
I've not really been following this so let me know if I'm wrong but wasnt Cummings the PMs cheif, and most listened to advisor, so the advise that influenced PM decisions surely came from him, til Carrie Symmonds realised that he was bad for PR and got rid of him.
Funny how it took him all this time to polish his story. I doubt the veracity of it.
CUMMINGS is full of shit.dont believe a word.    we know  Boris tells lies .but he gets things done . Boris will do for now .
The truth is bleak
It is a scary world, where do we go?
SNITCH
The guilty interviewing the guilty will only provide more guilt
Support the Good Law Project. There are not many others holding the Government to account.
WHO can trust a man who tests his eye sight by taking his children for a drive?  A bitter man
hindsight is 20/20,,   this is smoke and mirrors cover up.
Not defending the rights and wrongs of this government, what this man has proved he is nothing but a Judas. He was complicit in a lot of what went on, and is a proven liar with regards of his trip to Durham. Would you employ this man in future and trust him. Of course Hancock is a liar, he's a politician, it goes with the job. Hindsight is a wonderful thing when it comes to blame.
The last point is actually very important...the lockdown and support that came with it, had to happen because it would have naturally happened anyway...we closed our barbers down on the Saturday before lockdown as we didn’t feel great about being around 100s of people a week during this...We were prepared to take the hit financially...but glad the government offered some support
So he's called out Boris for saying it's just swine flu. Yet this is the guy that broke Covid rules, so he obviously doesn't think it's serious too lol
A VERY BITTER MAN.
He's next to bumped off, I hope he knows this!!
If the public were going to lock themselves down why use the police and threaten people with fines? I do not believe this is true
I don't think this man is lying but I do think the virus is nowhere near as dangerous as being suggested. Lets not forget Sweden never locked down. Lets keep in mind this virus has a 99.7+ % survival rate. This all lies on the fact they thought it was more deadly than it actually is
To be fair to BoJo most of us didn’t take C 19 seriously and it’s still not clear whether we under reacted or have over reacted. Bitter man.
And yet, despite all this, NICE and NHS refused to entertain the approval of therapeutics. In the case of hydrochloroquin, a trial was designed to fail and they almost killed some of the participants. Dr Zolenko and Dr Didier both emphasised the importance of zinc being used in conjunction with the drug, which has been in use in Afri a, Asia and South America for decades  as both a prophylaxis and treatment of malaria. Dr Zolenko gave a complete protocol on the use of hydrochloroquine, which was ignored. Then, a few weeks later, it was found that Ivermectin is an even better drug to treat Covid.  Again, the NHS and NICE refuse to roll it out. I sincerely hope these criminals will all be tried at the Hague, along with leaders of other countries, who are doing the same thing.
I wish all politicians spoke like this, with intent for full honesty, transparency and a pinch of emotion.  You can tell he's put his heart and his thoughts out there with pure intentions.
cobra/covid whatever trevor
Bullllsh**T and partyyy
And folk at no risk whatsoever continue to put jabs in their arms, with 2 years clinical trials remaining, simply because those in Westminster (who are winging it, in every angle of their professions) have said to do so.
Don't believe any of it . All bolox. Fake PCR test to ramp up numbers . Only 8k deaths under the age of 60 . 0.014 percent and 99.6 percent little of no symptoms .
_"In February the Prime Minister regarded this as just a scare story"_ ....You have got to be kidding!!! By the middle of February my wife & I went into our own lockdown because it was clear what was coming. It was clear that the outbreak in China was something different and very serious and a little internet digging revealed some quite detailed articles discussing how it probably originated in the lab in Wuhan.  I'm not posting the above to sound clever, other people I know did exactly the same. But what is concerning is how the hell were ordinary people with nothing more than an internet connection and a little curiosity better informed than the British Prime Minister? That is an astounding level of incompetence.
Firstly I’d say well done to the man! For admitting his faults and apologizing and calling out Hancock and Boris. It takes real balls to be that deep into something and then admit your fault.  Now people just need to keep pushing and pull this vax as it is dangerous.   In the US   Currently over 4K deaths and over 800k adverse  With the vax companies admitting there adverse reactions and deaths could be 50 fold incorrect. So the numbers are far higher.   Let’s give you an idea of how bad it is.  Context 1976 swine flu vaccine in 1 month had 500 cases of paralysis 53 deaths   The vaccine was pulled straight away.   Remove the vax and use ivermectin   it is an approved medicine. Also has a Nobel prize. 4 billion people around the world have taken it since the 1980s. Is a world health organisation approved essential medication! And far cheaper than the vaccine! And removes  co*id symptoms up to 99.9% in 48 hours!   Stand for your rights
I never liked Cummings, but this is a good thing, Boris is not fit for office and Matt Hancock should be sent to Prison
It seemed like the government were making up the lockdown rules.  It turns out they really were making it up as they went along!
The Lancet review says none of the vax works    https://www.thelancet.com/journals/lanmic/article/PIIS2666-5247(21)00069-0/fulltext?
There was no lockdown plan because all governments were told to copy China who locked down on the whim of Chairman Xi!!
So Boris is guilty of trying to do a good job?
Nuclear Dom sticking the boot in.
I don't doubt that Cummings is giving a decent summary of events.  Most people could tell that the Govt behaved in an untimely manner and with a massive degree of incompetence (all 'excused' by #UnprecedentedTimes).  However, Cummings was most definitely part of the problem and this expose would never have come to pass apart from the parting of the ways between him and Johnson.  It all sounds a bit like sour grapes but I suspect we haven't seen Cummings real agenda yet
He’s talking like will are a 3rd world country, you have to have confidence in your public services even if they have been under funded over years... weak argument he’s not a strong man
Cummings: Quote from  Helen Mcnamara: Mark Sweeney, coordinator for dept for health said 'There is no plan. We're in huge trouble.' Mcnamara: We're absolutely ducked. I think we're going to kill 1000's of people. _Says it all._
11:58 Even if he didn't say lockdown cancel events, where was plan b anyway just in case. Cummings doesn't have to tell Boris. Boris as a leader should be thinking and planning. It doesn't sound like he made it his concern to keep on top of it.
And what's the result of this? Resignations? No confidence, etc. Nah, Boris will be back up in the polls. Joe stuck the knife in Corbyn so Joe can f*** off an all. Don't anyone act like there's no appetite for this. 'Every population gets the government it deserves.' George Washington (or some other relic)
the  goverment didnt get it perfect ... but  no country has ...  everyone is learning... where was the patients with covid meant to go if not care homes...  the hospitals were over run  and there wasnt any space for sicker patients ... look at italy  .. people were dying in warehouse camp beds... eventually the big over spill    beds in temporary  hospitals  were  set up  and we  were better geared up but  if in the begining it was all  a mess its hardly suprising ....  and what gets said in private ..are often off the cuff remarks   if boris did say  id rather let bodies pile up in the street than lockdown ... it was  really a  crass statement about not wanting to lockdown...   but not  a desire to see  extra mortality   made in a private conversation... im not a big conservative fan  but i recognise  that  yes mistakes have been made but  the country would be in a bigger mess under labour .. because they just want to argue amongst themselves and   blame anyone else  for .... trying to  listen to the scientists  and then do their best for the country
More believable  Unreal  Everyone said he was a liar when done the so called test drive  Yet now he telling the truth realy
Hell hath no fury like a BJ  scammer scorned  by  his master. The BJ gang of liars criminals and deviants ruling Westminster  little britania
Misdirection. China is responsible for this not us. They developed this weapon in a lab, let it get out, refused to admit it even to this day, stopped any spread outside of Wuhan except abroad. They are laughing at us while we play partisan political games destroying our democracies and economies.   To all of the lefties on here revelling in this cretins testimony, you are the useful idiots, idiots.
Sack and arrest Hancock NOW!!!
Look at this and then look at the calm and measured responses from other countries around the world.  It’s not actually their fault. The fault lies with English voters who decided to put a bunch of selfish, arrogant posh schoolboy clowns into government.
Bollocks
previously very reluctant to appear before any select committee.  Now he feels MPs are worth talking to.
He was useless and admitted he was and is useless. How did he ever get a job in government, he's an idiot!
What a piece of theatre. He's basically covering his own back under the guise of 'Poor me, I did what I could. I made some mistakes but it wasn't me, it was them'. He quotes times, dates and conversations, in great detail, when it's covering his own back but, couldn't remember if he attended any of the initial, supposed crucial meetings. As for having no plan! Someone was cobbling together a 300+ page document which has 'temporarily' stripped the whole country of their rights to do anything without government 'permission'. The whole damn lot of them should be locked up for life. We reached herd immunity a year ago and now they want the whole population stabbed with their poison for an illness that's gone!
From what I read in the news I was expecting him to be throwing Boris under the bus here, but he's not. He's just stating that the official advisors didn't really have accurate information to base policy decisions, and there was no pre-existing plan in place for a pandemic – which was the same for every country in Europe – and it was an extremely tricky position to have to make huge policy decisions... and IN HINDSIGHT some of those decisions could have been better. Isn't that just what you'd expect him to say?
Boris and Hancock are liars and unfit for their jobs- not new information
So is this like a pantomime to make people think that there's actually a pandemic despite the population skyrocketng to 8 billion?
Who knew the US would be involved with our covid issues
People dying of Covid wasn't enough. Let's go kill some more.
Dominic Cummings has always been slime
Do we believe him. Sacked from the government bitter and damaged. Now we are told he new what was happening but didn’t advise the government on any course. Next will be a book and film deal multi million pounds deal and we are supposed to believe him
Classic serious shit happening, and the missus making her shit more important. Dog vs war vs covid. Erm my dog please and wallpaper       .
I think the current government has done as well if not better than other countries in this struggle against covid. All this mud slinging is just not needed and frankly speaking depressing. We need to put some trust in our government who have got their act together now and are in course to vaccination for everyone who wants it bravo I say.
Many colleagues of Trump described him in exactly the same way that he describes Johnson...brothers from another mother...god help us
He has no reason to lie here..
Now watch them grass each other up maybe the full truth might come out
I slagged him in the past but I admire him now for his bravery for being honest
BRAND NEW TUBE is where the truth is. There's bullshit all the way through these rats.
It's like watching two dogs sniffing  each  other.
Wait ... JEREMY HUNT was questioning on a health crisis? What the hell.
While we still have a semblance of democracy, it's entertaining to see the drowning rats turning on each other.
Don't forget Barnard Castle and eye testing by driving.
Did I just hear ‘we need to bomb the Middle East’?!?! Not a specific country but the Middle East. I’m heart broken
The rat
Armando Iannucci could not have penned better......a 250 mile round trip snake.
Dom I apologise for all the negative comments I put on about you during this pandemic
if nothing comes of this, then it just confirms that Bojo and the Conservatives will rule forever and they are fucking immune from criticism
Trump want us to come and join a bombing campaign, what the fk is going on, omg, all of you should be locked up
Their must be a iron clad plan for  future virus all of gov all of professional  and top scientists and top thinker in their field and pass data to all work together to prevent this happing again
i love how DomCum has gone from prince of darkness to source of unimpeachable truth in 12 months...
i have seen many of these committee "events" and nothing comes of them...same in USA  ....all talk
What is this idiot talking about? Why didn't Sweden's health service "totally collapse for everyone" then, Dom?
This guy is full of s$&t you can see it in his face
This is the UK, you ll notice how people are okay with this and how people can t be asked to do anything about it...look at all the comments. Amazing
So The Approved Scientific  Advice was to have Covid Parties!  Surely there's a wall and a firing squad handy....
I took an Emergency Planning degree in the UK and honestly this should have never happened.
What a liar! Remember lefties this the same man went on holiday during lock down. Full of 💩
I don't know ANYONE who has or has had Covid19  I'm in Australia.
This is all made possible because of the general electorate. Every country votes in these incompetent fools because capable people simply don't want the hassle if it all. All these crooks in power, Biden, Johnson, the Irish mob, the EU and all across the world wouldn't hold down normal everyday jobs in reality. They should be banished from society with absolutely no perks or pensions.
Seems to me if he is lying or not, this government faced an unprecedented problem no other government has ever faced, could others have done better. No one will ever know so this is just a waste of time..
We are serfs always have been. Put the money back into our NHS we built and funded..  Kalergi plan....  The people funding these puppets must be proud.
He's admitted he is a liar, however now we're supposed to believe him. What  a shit of a man.
Carrie - OUT!
I'm not sure wether to believe him, hes a good actor though.  To me this just looks like someone who has an issue that hes been pushed out, and now is throwing his toys at the pram and bringing everyone down with him
I may now owe Cummings an apology for cursing him       I think I believe him as idiots run the country
Is it human?
Never thought would say it... I can see Dominic Cummings has more integrity & code than any of the ministers including Prime minister.... As medic i can say we were saved by the skin of our head! It could have been like Italy & Spain! I can't believe the health experts didn't blow the whistle & pull the chain.... Its time Boris has a shuffle to redress the deficiencies & may be liz truss to be leader in 3 years.... Lots more i can say but best unsaid
Please remember that for the governments billion pound debts from covid they have sorted out funding and financing. Dont allow the idea that you, the public, have to accept another austerity because they corruptly frittered these billions on nothing.
I can’t believe that there’s any question of Johnson’s ability to govern-It’s blatantly obvious that he’s unfit for the position of prime minister. Anyone that thinks otherwise needs some sort of lobotomy.
Excuse me. Is he talking here about people who died from covid or about people who died from the treatment they couldn’t receive because everything literally shut down? Did you count them in Cummings?🤔
There is nothing more telling of a narcissist than their ability to express what appears as genuine apology and self disclosure. But even that is a weapon designed to return eyes on them and to hide real intentions. Let’s not forget this is the same individual who nonchalantly changed the culture of Westminster and normalised lying and doubling down on lies. The same individual advising campaigns to use lies. The same person who fantasised about a referendum out of ECHR. The way he talks about “taking about bombing the Middle East” in a manner that shows no regard for life, this is overall, pathetic.
So let me get my head around this: He passionately urged a stringent lockdown policy that once it was introduced, he then promptly and ridiculously broke . Classic Dom.
who cuts his fecking hair ?
What a sleeze bag this man is. He got fired as he was the most offensive and disliked person working in Downing Street. He is now out to get back at the Prime Minister and his fiancée.
This Dominic comes across as a political Brutus. Totally untrustworthy and a backstabber. He can look forward to a future successful career of not offering advice to politicians. If only the country had listened to him nobody would be in the shit and nobody would have died.
I know hes technically not a politician (and to be clear, I hate the guy) but my god its refreshing to hear the words "yes I was wrong" when asked if he made a mistake.  I have never heard a politician answer a question like that
Thanks for pulling this together so quickly
Any moron trying to defend boris and hancock, just got to say you deserve them
Now humans life reducing, be ready for now for money getting wipe out
Cummings confirms this is a Government that lies freely in the knowledge it can do what it wants as long as it keeps the populist mood music going. The trouble is, he is one of its original architects.
The writers of The Thick of It couldn't even come up with this stuff.   Prime Minister, we need to have a meeting about the impending pandemic and make a decision today, but the US President also wants to know if we will support them in bombing the middle east by this evening, but there's this other pressing issue of your girlfriend having a tantrum about an article in the press about your dog.
Entertaining. Cummings is no saint but you can tell he's telling the truth, if a bit one-sided.
I’m terribly sorry? What for Dom? Did you actually take your position seriously? Did you realise that people were actually going to die?Sorry just isn’t  not good enough.
Over 18 million people traveled in to England last year with no testing or quarantine being done that was a government decision.
Cringing.
The sad thing is Joe public has become desensitised to the extreme incompetence and corruption of government that what are frightening revelations that in any other industry would result in dismissal or criminal proceedings, in politics it will get 48 hours of press, some general statements of denial and 5 minutes on question time and by Monday it will be old news and BJ and friends will have cashed another months salary and expenses and the world moves on.
A Very British Coup
Studies show there is no relationship between the severity of lockdowns and the number of deaths. Sweden remained largely open. They had no lockdowns last year, yet their death rate per million was little different to the UK or the US or France etc.  There is little evidence to suggest there is a relation between lockdowns and stopping the spread of the virus.  There is no significant difference between last year's "Deaths Per Million" in the UK, that conducted extreme lockdowns, and Sweden, that famously did not implement lockdowns.  If you look at the 2020 (Sars-Cov2 death) modelling curves between the UK and Sweden, there is NO DIFFERENCE.   Deaths as percentage of population. UK = 0.06%.  Sweden = 0.06%  And Sweden never went into lockdowns and their hospitals did not collapsed under the strain of covid as Cummings is suggesting would have happened if we had not implemented lockdowns. That is complete bullsh-!-t. There was no Covid Armageddon or collapse of society in Sweden.  Some might argue that extreme lockdowns were an overreaction to this mini-pandemic.  Well at least now we know who to blame for pushing these hard lockdowns and destroying our economy.
Thank you for nailing it once more.
BBC has a special place in the country?? Evidently completely out of touch.
This muppets is full ov crap he gulps each time he lies he thinks if he blames other people will forgive him
Democracy means ... you can have criminal negligence and nobody need resign, let alone fact criminal proceedings.  All because 1 in 4 adults voted for your Party because they thought there was no one better.
Look at him. Absolute proof that a Tory can't be trusted. They'll snake each other so what makes anyone think they give a flying fk about us.
I agree/believe him about the massive government cock up, Johnson being a twat, and there being no plan. I don’t believe that he’s laying this all out now for any noble reason. He’s as bad as Johnson. Two devious farts in a lift running the country.
They don't even know what herd immunity means. Muppets. They should all be in jail for manslaughter.
Pantomime bullshit
laughable that hes being questioned by Jeremy Hunt. He tried to kill the NHS when he was minister of health.
We've been wondering for months what information Cummins had on Boris to keep his job through all the shit that happened during covid. Fuck me. This is it.
Politics is an impossible job ...I accept that ...the PM is always caught between the devil and the deep blue sea.... But it clarifies to me, how incompetent Boris is, as a leader ... A leader should be confident and experienced enough to listen, then decide, based on honesty, transparency and integrity. Nobody seems to be honest... I voted for Boris, but I am afraid I now feel he is not honest and strong enough to lead. I did not like thatcher ...but at least she was a strong leader ...Boris fluffs and blunders because he is not up to the job.  I never liked Dominic Cummins, but it's clear that Boris never listens, never personally analysises with integrity and is not a leader.  We need to bin the lot of them, labour included ...and start with a fresh approach to running a democratic country. Boris takes too much time accepting push me pull me of civil service,  instead of building a strong team of people with integrity ...he cannot and is incapable of rational thinking.  Yes, I do have ideas for an alternative ......as ultimately the people of the UK deserve better than a potentially self serving bunch of buffoons x
This has exposed Doris for what he is ! 🤬
None of this is a surprize.....a child could have told you they were fucking it up......
Way to throw everyone else under the bus while making yourself out to be a saint. He is just as much to blame as the rest.
Omg this is such crap.....
Boris Johnson has trodden this country into the dirt. Not enough people understand or seem to care
It's NEVER TOO LATE ALL THE GOVERNMENT MINISTERS CAN BE FORGIVEN,THEY CAN GIVE THEIR LIFE TO THE LORD JESUS CHRIST,JESUS IS ALL MERCIFULL AND WHOEVER TURNS TO THE LORD JESUS CAN BE FORGIVEN!JESUS LOVES ALL MEN INCLUDING ALL THE MEMBERS OF PARLIAMENT HE LOVES ALL,THEY CAN FIND FORGIVENESS AND POWER WITH JESUS CHRIST!GOD FORGAVE KING MANASSEH AND HE HAD COMMITTED TERRIBLE SINS YET GOD IN HIS MERCY FORGAVE KING MANASSEH HE EVEN RESTORED HIM BACK TO BEING A KING!
Johnsons girlfriend should have no say what so ever in anything !!! End off !!!!
Sourqrapes me thinks ,mind you I hate handcock hope he gets what’s coming to him little weasel
Why you didn’t talk when you was working as advisor of Boris after sacking from the job you started talking about him to be honest I don’t believe you because you’re hypocrites and lies viva Boris Johnson
Politicians are just puppets for the cabal who don't care about the people, and the cabal pull all the strings.. Hence the the toxic jab to de populate the planet for the Cabals gain !
He keeps referencing Hollywood action movies. Remember to watch out for those “bad actors” we were warned about!
Can't help but think this is planned
They only locked down because France threatened a blockade unless we followed them.
You have to say with Dom appearing to own his own short’cummings’ during his tenure as chief adviser that his testimony seems plausible. That along with Hancock being a complete dick of course!
JESUS !!!!!!!!!! Did you notice Hunt cut Cummings off at the 1st mention about the NHS going into breakdown...he who cut it to ribbons during his tenure as Health Secretary.
This chap is a disgrace.
So the guy roundly called a deluded liar by the media over his family 'trip' during lockdown, got sacked when he launched a power play to become the defacto PM behind the scenes & has been simmering like a bride jilted at the alter ever since is suddenly the press's bastion of truth.  Is it any wonder the media in this country is viewed with utter contempt!
I disagree… frankly, whoever was in power, would of made a cock up either way.
Would that Blair's Iraq enquiry had been like this.
Thanks for posting this
This guy will be the next Dr david kelly
People can decide for them selves what to do and what risks to take.
Tory on Tory crime - dog eat dog
The government properblyproperbly infected the public by producing this so called virus in portadown
A venal little shit.
Haven't you heard lockdown don't work once the virus has entered the country, but protection of the old and Vounreble is the traditional method that should have been followed. Read the Barrington declaration.
Puppets all of them The scientific advisor said this virus will NOT EFFECT 80% of the country And 99.7% will not die and recover They are puppets
Go to jail...do not collect 200 pounds
Sagittarius South Node eclipse  today - difficult but necessary revelation. Boom!
Mr Sour Grapes,did n't do anything when when he maybe could've....
Don’t trust this man,at all.
The bad thing is that the British people are very forgiving .If we could go all the way to the PPE scandal then Hancock would be out of politics
Predicably Tories who though he was the Messiah last year now hate him. Labour voters who thought he was the devil now think he's a saint.   Party politics is annoying
So, upshot seems to be the government didn’t have a plan in place for a pandemic. Then a pandemic came along, which the government thought wasn’t a pandemic until they realised too late that it was a pandemic, which caused everyone to run around like headless chickens crying “fire, Mr Faulty!”  Because we didn’t have a plan in place no one knew what to do so they made it up as they went along but by which time we were all f*cked and lots of people died. Sounds like just about every country in the world other than a tiny number who had a good plan in place.
There's a rumour going around that Epsilon5 is excempt from the traffic light system...  IS THAT A CONSPIRACY !?!
So no actual mention that the whole thing has been hyped up and exagerrated ? Just bitching about how they split the money .
Nobody really knows anything about this - whether or not total/partial/no lockdown was the better route. Only many years later will a retrospective analysis be made which btw will be biased by the lies of global governments. Check out rising academic opinions that this originated from a Wuhan lab leak. Now that's where the focus will end up. The powerful liars will out sadly.
Also confirming that the government tells the bbc and other mainstream media what to report
They are all at fault in some way or other, but this guy  is full of hate & spite, regardless.
I don't trust DC but this sounds so plausible.
Cummings apologises profusely while blaming everyone else. The future Leader after the abolition of the monarchy (he hopes)?
Back stabber.
OH EM GEE!!  We went way over the top with this whole scamdemic!! When the gov put on their health website that C19 is not highly infectious, we should not have been put into lockdown.  Essentially, hospitals should not have been closed and operations cancelled.  Many more have died as opposed to C19.  And the massaging of figures, criminal!!
When Putin looks at Western leaders his face says it all.
He had eyesight problems now it is his hindsight total hippocryte.
Horrible evil man who is well gone, the end result is that no one and no government had dealt with this before, may I remind you all we did far better than the rest, says it all to me.
This is like a political Game of Thrones in fact it's better than season 8😂
This government what a shit show, you wouldn’t trust Hunt to sit the right way on a lavatory seat
Captain Hindsight #2. He should join Starmer. All talk and no contemporanious evidence provided to back it up. But we do have evidence of his own actions against the background of what was happening and the official advice and laws in place at the time. That's how seriously he was taking it.
Get an NLP expert in and ask them what techniques Matt has been using !
No one likes a snitch!
whatever is said here the real  outcome will be if the PM and cabinet is sacked !
The EU is well rid of these Crazy bunch of idiots Thank God for Brexit.
Nothing'll happen. The tories and especially the Eton mob can do what they like.
Wow was there actually some honesty in his statements?
Narcissistic sociopath.... with hidden burps.
I’m sure he is worth a few bob, who knows maybe even a millionaire... I’m not sure his motive in this given he has made himself practically unemployable now
Im waiting for his best selling book
I actually believe him. Wasn’t sure before
Waiting for this day Hancock gets outed pubiclly ..thing is what else this toe rag lieing  about regarding vax🤔
You couldn't make this stuff up. It's pure gold 🙏😁
Can he not even wear a tie when he's stabbing people in the back...Slob!
If you read all theses comments,  you will now understand why Scotland needs independence,  we don't vote for these corrupt clowns.
Hancock is fucked
You mean worst.
Snake in Manskin
He's only spilling the beans because he was sacked lol He would still be with the lowlifes doing dodgy dealings otherwise, what a rat.
Does anyone have a link to the full footage of this cross examination?
He's more believable than Johnson and Hancock
Best deepfake ever. Genius idea to make it look like DC has actual human words coming out of his mouth! Tee hee.
Hopefully this corrupt narcissistic psychopathic  government will throw each other under the bus once more truths are revealed ...
Everything he is saying is what i suspected at the time. I have almost zero doubt that he is telling the truth.
A proven liar, cast aside due to becoming an increasing liability- now hell bent on destroying his former employer- how unusual- Sic
Why wasnt the nightingdale hospital fiasco mentioned
I’m so scared of losing my job........... but thousands could die......na......I keep quiet.....keep my job.....spill the beans later if I get caught out and claim mental health. Well done for stepping up now tell the whole truth about the whole pandemic the money and the reason behind it.
One of this man’s main job in the world has been to manipulate the public through fake media, so I’d take anything he says with a huge pinch of salt, and any comments under this video that are from a blank profile with a generic single letter icon that has given a positive sounding but generic comment, with an even bigger one. Hinty hint hint.
Cummings has just shown that even when there is an adult in the room...Makes no difference trying to help stupid.
All motivated by finances and fiancées ...
Bo Jo. Is it going to be three weddings and your funeral?
Dominic Cummins you are a sick man  when this man worked for the government he said nothing of anything he portrays to be the truth  but after being sacked he wants to tell the country about the things he covered up  but who do you think he blames  yes you guessed it  Boris Johnson  the very man who sacked him  sorry Dominic but I for one don’t fucking believe you  you have lied so many times
I would never have locked down.
It is just flu level mortality, it is not a true pandemic!  The WHO states that the mortality rate is 1.5 persons per thousand, mainly in the 80 + age range. Lockdown and mass vaccination has and will turn out to be a disaster. We should have followed Sweden’s lead whilst protecting the elderly as far as possible. Cummings “appears” to be ignorant about how respiratory viruses work, but very persuasive, maybe it’s time to follow the money!
Why are we even listening to this vile vile manipulator!!!!!
I'm not a fan of Cummings AT ALL, but that  Johnson &  co  should walk. Regardless of this interview. 3180 cases 26 May a rise of 484 week on week and he can't make his mind up about lifting of restrictions 21 June, it makes you think, that's all I will say in reply to the interview.. Lets just consider the evidence  R raiting 0.9 4th July 2020, lifts a lot of restrictions, because R was below  1, yes I repeat it was 0.9 Then what happened?  HIS OWN  SCIENTISTS  WARNING him about restrictions being lifted at Christmas, so Instead he did this for just one day. So everyone said "Merry Christmas ", tragically in some cases for THE VERY LAST TIME.  Of course the economy is important,  but LIVES are MORE  IMPORTANT!  I type this post Wed 26 May with an R raiting in the Uk of 0.9- 1.1 There have been quotes that the Government should of acted more quickly at PREVENTING this Indian variant from entering the country from scientists and that "the Horse has now BOLTED" Yes of course we have the vaccine, but it does not mean Government  HAS TO PUT IT TO THE TEST! What happens next?!
Just get rid of  Boris and t the compleat cabinet,  start again fresh , cabinet gone sage gone , smog and some back benchers who should actually be there now , it’s a complete shambles,
I have no evidence to support my claims,i was sacked and have no axe to grind. I'm telling to truth and by the way the election was sten from Trump.
This man has built a career on 'spin' and public manipulation. He is the mastermind behind the lies on brexit. Everything he says is a lie.
Never Trust a Tory. Never Trust a Fellow Tory, either.
Carrie seems loose cannon
stop .you made big mistake don't put blame on others
Incredible revelations from the PM's former right-hand man. It is unprecedented that an ex-senior advisor to be so open and comprehensively demolish both a sitting prime minister and health secretary is remarkably jaw-dropping.
NAh, the evidence is ... lockdowns didn’t work and don’t work. Countries that have locked down and those that didn’t have very little  difference in deaths per million. Lockdowns have caused way more deaths than those saved. We already have cancer societies saying there will be an excess of 330,000 cancer deaths. Almost over night we had a NCS national covid service everything else was less important. That’s the disgrace!
Confirming what we already know then
Never heard of him until COVID, how you say, NWO stooge pushing a scamdemic? Relegated to the side line to watch the game unfolding, bitterly taking notes of everything the clown & his little elves do? Not the opposition but more like a driving instructor letting the novice crash his car?
he say Johnson and himself had convid, boll**s they didn't. is Cummings spilling his guts because he knows shits going to hit the fan, backtracking to save his own bacon.
Dom goin IN!
Boris will love this watching his head rat squeel and all the blame on him....
Hope we have one in Canada because Justin Trudeau will make Boris Johnstone look like a angel with the way he has totally fucked things in Canada
So, Boris was completely against lockdown but was forced into it by the severity of the lockdown; this bitter clown as just got Boris a load more supporters.
This is for show the govt will brush it all off as they home the power.
This is fucking beautiful
This man is just bitter and twisted, he's an egotistical pathological liar! You can't believe anything he says.
So these were the people in charge during the greatest crisis since WW2. 14 million people voted for these idiots. Now lets get Brexit done we may as well go for broke.
Please keep an eye on this man if you personally know him, he’s emotionally taking on the whole situation. Which he in all honesty had no control over.
I think that this is an attempt to protect Johnson and Chancellor of the Exchequer, he brought people who have never believed that Covid-19 was a serious threat, to Downing Street.
I believe domcum when he says that Boris and co are incompetent. I don't believe any of his accounts of conversations and such, the guy talks out the side of his mouth at all times
He is a proven liar
Wow dept of health wanted hers immunity with Covid parties wtf
The only honest person is Corbyn but people like to be treated as idiots by those liars
If these guys do all the work, whats the point of Boris and why do we pay him, for doing what exactly.    Brushing over his bald spot ?
Is this a coup against bojo?
Nobody picking up on Cummimgs saying "my government"
I think it's commendable the issues he brought to light, To delegate a task for to make the furlow program in 2 days and implemente lock down  procedures. The issue he brought up about how the medial advisor opinion was not going into lock down soon enough(I think)  the way Trump told us about bombing the middle east on the day Cummings was going to blow the whistle on lock down. The. Way the Independent ran a story on the prime minister dog on the same day.  How he brought up issue on the lack of infurstructure to make PPE.  He implemented with Nim a new data tracking desktop for the NHS.  What made them implement lock down procedures were the peak of Covid crippling the NHS In Winter. I think he handles it perfectly.. Even how the prime minister told him that he's more afraid of him stopping the chaos than the chaos itsself. Having to country in unrest does make their job easier. Then there the fact they could of 100%. Implemented the 2p min test results for Covid but choose not too. Brought to light the India varient.   How having the type of meetings he could take in laptops and phones, which is 100%understandable. Playing devil's advocate the information we learnt from this can be applied to so so many dangerous Pronlems we face.
Just a whiner - ex employees always do this
Bomb the middle east ?????
Thanks for this I didn’t want to watch 7 hours lol
Did the BBC live stream this? If not, why not? Is this not in the public interest ?
Boris is a gonna!!! Anyone who votes for this party from here on in means they support, a racist islamophobic party, who have just syphoned billions of tax payers money to there mates in the private sector 🤨🥴
The liberal elites and the woke brigade  all believe Dom now . When he was in Downing St and before leading the Brexit campaign  they regarded him as a scoundrel . All politics. Dom's covid strategy appears to be keep the country locked down forever. Yes Dom that would flatten the cover all right.
Sorry I just can’t trust a man who was happy taking tax funded wages and he waits till now to speak out. What’s he been offered, besides a book deal? A lucrative job maybe? Cummings should be held just as accountable.
Smoke and mirrors.
Well some one had to bring the building down. He's not going brick by brick he is crashing through in a bulldozer. Now its time for a new model of government as this one has failed the people massively.
This is why you do not put right win, inexperienced people in positions of leadership. They can function if there is only ONE goal, profit, but when you have to balance multiple goals and protect others, they are in a blind, deluded panic.
Exactly the same has the sturgeon interview.seems to have forgotten most things fucking liar
Now I wonder if England is still a province of the Roman Empire. It cannot really be said that the Roman Empire was ever a democracy. It can be said, however, that votes were bought during the republic and that in the Roman Empire any expression of opinion was available for money.    What is this man's name? Every time I try to read his name, my eyes go limp.
When are David Cameron, Theresa May and Jeremy Hunt going to be questioned? Surely these people are responsible for the lack of preparedness.
At least some of Cummings’ testimony will be true. No idea which bits of course, but Johnson’s defence of Cummings when he decided to drive his kids to Barnard Castle when he wasn’t sure he could see properly indicates there are Johnson skeletons in the Cummings cupboard. It’s just a shame that none of this will make a difference. That Johnson is an incompetent buffoon who only does what’s best for himself at that moment is not news, we all know this but it seems enough of us don’t care.
He's a worm like the rest of the British Government & elites.... Why oh why do we allow these people to get into  a  position of power over us.. ! They have Not one iota of concern for the people it's all about self interest Political & Financial  Control of the people  whilst lining their own pockets. .! Wake up Britons. .!
Government intelligence should have had all of parliament informed and acting on the virus by end of January
I spent my whole afternoon watching this guy forgetting when he doesn't want to answer
And yet the gammons continue voting for the one who tried to exterminate them …
Is he bald or not?
Bottom line is that Cummings is criminally negligent as are all the rest. He's just tying to cover his own arse by writing his own narrative.
A liar and a fraud.
People keep saying that this guy is really intelligent!   He is as transparent as any 14 yr old boy.   Like a silly child he insinuates that he has prescience.  He did this before when he altered a paper to show that he foretold events.
ITS A PANTOMIME. be careful what you believe. They will say anything.
Government to be accountability
All this dirt being revealed it should be in a courtroom
“It’s been a year and a half since I sold you this product. Now let me tell you how dangerous and ineffective it is since I don’t have a job to worry about. By the way, can I have a talk show?”
He's a nobody and as much to blame as anyone else in government for the whole shit show
Jeremy hunt wants boris's job....what's he doing there?
What a Rat,,,,,, he was Boris master mind however now he starts squeeling like a baby ,,,,,,, Big Boz is the Saviour of Democracy ,,,,, all you little remainer s here just suck it up babies ,,,,,
he manages to make Boris Johnson seem like the less crazy one here lol
As much as we may wish otherwise, absolutely nothing will happen to Boris, Cummings or any other minister.
Dominic Cummings has no shame! He has responsibility for ‘spinning’ the lies.
Its obvious to anyone with a brain that the government failed to stockpile PPE. They knew about covid before March and did NOTHINGGG to prepare for it... I knew about covid before February just by paying attention to China and I'm a fucking nobody.
The media made a huge deal about Dominic Cummings traveling during the lockdown while ignoring Neil Ferguson's man-made model the government was using, the Imperial Colleges huge handouts from China and Ferguson leaving his home to go have sex with his married girlfriend.
Meh... Will all be forgotten when X Factor is back on...
Control control control, control everything, dictate what perception you want people to have of you, events, the past present and future.
He’s propping up the populist agenda that the lockdowns made a difference. The thing is, they didn’t. Look at the graphs of all the affected countries- the mortality spikes were the same in the countries which didn’t lock down and they won’t have suffered all the effects of lockdowns on economy and mental health etc.   I think this is actually an attempt to shore up the decisions and actions following his departure which are leading to a totalitarian state and which will shortly come under legal scrutiny if there’s any justice.  I think the actually call this ‘taking one for the team’ regardless of how it seems currently.
I thought I would hate him, but I didn't.
If you believe this man then you are fool. Vengence is mine saith the Lord.
Spiteful traitor to the government that was paying him and to which by the way he was a KEY ADVISOR and INFLUENCER.....
Gets fired: Jumps straight on Glassdoor to leave a review. As above. Captain hindsight..
Suspect Politicians investigating other SUSPECT POLITICIANS , doesn’t inspire confidence in outcome of this charade . Nuremberg Trials are ongoing . This government and all NHS staff , pushing this plandemic farce need to be held to account .  NO EXCEPTIONS, NO EXCUSES !!
What a clown
This won´t make any difference to Brexit headbanging voters. It will just reaffirm their beliefs
What a great interview  the government  is finished   no respect for the nation or people life's or welbeing  they're great in telling lies and they will be more truth to the shambles of parliament
Jail Boris, Hancock and the rest. And, check their bank accounts for deposits from pharmaceutical companies. Follow the 💰
This is brilliant I knew this all along, a complete shambles.
So despite all the waffle, how come Hydroxychloroquine was banned? Ivermectin? 14 months of needless deaths, needless lockdowns, bankrupting small businesses. All of them need taking to court for crimes against humanity. They are all under the thumb of the demented idea of Globalism...in other words, a One World Order where that Kraut Swabb declares "Everyone will own nothing and be happy". So who does own it ALL?
Thing is I believe a lot he says is the truth, despite him lying when he went on his jollies with his family last year.  I wonder when Jeremy Hunt is going to be interviewed about Operation CYGNET???
This all kind of demonstrates how incompetent the UK leadership has become. The Russians, Chinese, even the Americans, and other European countries, will watch this, the inner workings of the UK government, and think what a load of amateurs children.
Amazing how you can stay in a job when you are so perfect as Cummings and not call it out sooner? Never mind Independence Day - its more like that scene where Goldbum looks at a big pile of dinosaur **** to me.
At least he’s aware of his wrong doings. Matt Cockinhishands just outright denies any wrongdoing whatsoever!
This isn’t rehearsed…thanks Dominic!
Dominic Cummings auditioning tape....
I can't wait for the inevitable tell all book he will release!
Never thought 2021 would give us a Cummings redemption arc 🤣
Brits full of your own self importance
From what many people in this country have experienced during the last 14 months with the lockdowns , PPE , trace and tracking , the various confused & contradictory government  ' guidelines '  & currently the fifth highest death toll in the world MUCH of what he is saying corresponds to what actually happened . I would say he is by and large telling the truth !
Government strategy will be just to deny or ignore this.  PM will just wiff waff his way through this and nothing will change.  UK broken.
New season of "The Thick of It" is a bit dry and family friendly.    I prefer the earlier seasons. Bring back Capaldi.
I have more respect for D.C. now after watching the whole show,as far as i am concerned the full  Gov. should resign 2 more., And this is not including Brexit as this is even a bigger disaster
cummings is bailing from the big plan he knows its coming and if it dont we are
Cummings: "Now, let's see, how can I get back into government...? Hmmmm everyone seems to have it in for Priti Patel. Perhaps I can cut a deal with her whilst taking out the whole front bench. Now that is efficiency. "
LOOK AT HIM. GOODY GOODY 2 👟 👟
NOW HE HAS. SPILT THE BEANS. OK. WHY DONT YOU. JUST GO FAR. FAR. FAR. AWAY 👌. WEVE HAD ENOUGH OF YOU. NOW LEAVE THE COUNTRY. YOURE ALL TO BLAME. WHILST YOU WERE PART OF. THE TEAM. AND OFF THE. TV. OK
He has really opened pandora's box. He might be far from the nicest of people, but if he contributes to the immediate end of the worst government in known history, then the enemy of my enemy is temporarily a friend.
Master strategist right here folks:)
Certainly explains the dysfunctional planning
Just catching bits and pieces. Happy he appears so so forthright. But if he understood the urgency of things, I'm not sure why he was driving around the country and visiting castles.
He is unhappy because his toys were taken away
Having a lockdown “was” the obvious thing to do. I knew it then and so did anybody with half a brain.
Crocodile tears
Who cares about this nobody..? Looks like a weizel
Well he ain't going to jail, cause he would have lawyered up.
All those concerned should have all their finances scrutinised back to the beginning of this charade. Johnson, Sunak, Hancock etc...
Last time I checked, no one voted in Cummings, so the government can't expect to throw the blame his way. I don't like the guy, but he ain't PM. Boris is the PM.
still talking like you can control a virus, f ucking slimy p rick, shouldnt be advising anybody, there was no crisis !
They should all be up for murder on a mass scale
The problem with politicians is their is absolutely no come back on them if they get things wrong, IVERMECTIN is the way out of this nonsense and the western worlds powers that be know that, and are all complicit in genocide, should be tried atThe Hague sentenced to death, that way in the future when politicians choose the dollar over lives they would know their actions have consequences
Why bombing Iraq ?
🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍🐍
We all know all this we did go through it together you arss hole
snake
The man who made the liar a king, now confirms the king’s a liar. But still, those who treat politics like sport will stand by the liar. It’s not a sport. It’s not a tribe. Changing opinion based on revealed facts does not discredit your integrity. Change for the better, not for a colour.
It males me feel un-easy that i agree with him... i dont trust him, nor beleive he is telling the truth,  It almost has an air of tony benn comment about a political wathervain pointing where the wind blows
Now he needs to tell about the billions wasted, the kick back contracts to friends, and the corruption.
It's funny how he's been sacked and now he's waffled his guts out
Watch Rees Mogg hatchet man go after Johnson. He will get his rewards when Rees Mogg makes Thatcher seem like a moderate. An other sad decade.
You cannot whistle-blow after being sacked... he was happy to be paid to have this involvement... it was only when Carrie wanted him gone, and his subsequent sacking which ever led up to this moment. He could have resigned or whistle blow at any time.
Basic hive maintenance.
The thought plickens ! Rats ratting on each other, it's all imploding !! Bojo the entitled liar and insensitive snob and Cummings the aggrieved former employee! It can only get better !  A real love in ! 🤥🤥🤥
Boris was right. COVID is nothing more than glorified flu. I just wish he had the courage of his convictions.
Well... that’s cost of voting for populism
Wales in Britain 🐺🇬🇧
Nice upload
Have you seen this inquiry ?? Seedy strange long term “ Jeremy hunt “ heads the inquiry????  What a stage show , an absolute joke ..  They have hired unqualified kids to ask this Freemason Dominique Cummins questions ..& his answers fool you into believing they didn’t plant Covid to build the AI facial recognition Smart grid run by 5G that has been very cleverly ridiculed.. don’t fall for this set up inquiry!!  Here’s an example below  https://youtu.be/uer3dq_wTug
He’s played this one well. Talk about jumping before the iceberg hits.
