I want a free jesser mini hoop
Bro it’s crazy that KG didn’t get picked
Suprising that dwight howard and paul pierce weren't picked but draymond, rodman, and ray Allen were picked
The hate on curry and the glaze on LeBron is CRAZY😠😠😠
Why didn't yoh pick Anthony Edwards and Jayson Tatum?
Ppl who thinks d rose should have been drafted😢 👇
Good lord ❤ the back to back Embiid and Ray Allen picks really blew your great start , damn there were so many dominant MVPs still left untaken...
Where’s Derrick rose?
If I was drafting I would have picked  pg - nikola jokic sg - ray allen sf - michael jordan pf - tim duncan c - moses malone  bench: 1) lebron james (backup for 1-4) 2) kobe bryant (backup for 2-3) 3) kareem (back up 5)
Where’s Patrick Ewing
The best player of all time is Michael Jordan
Mugsey Bogues should have went to Kris
2017 russ not getting picked hurts me
Lborn is not the goat he missed a lay up to win the game and traveled😂 mj the goat
Vince Carter was not picked 😢😢😢
Whose here in 2025?
Everybody’s looking for point guards and Im over here screaming at the screen Oscar Robertson
what about Jason Tatam
Who's here In 2024
Magic Johnson?
This was a cool video
RUSS?
How was bill Russel picked so late. And how did they not pick the big o Karl Malone this draft hurt me
Oscar Robinson?
The Vince Carter disrespect will not go unnoticed 😢
Ignoring the fact that prime d rose didn't get picked by klay did
I think i'ts between Kris, jesse and Jeff
Bruh mj first not lbj
lebron is not the goat it is mj
Bru where's Allen iverson 🏀
He put sahquille😂
Prime Oscar Robertson at 97 ovr not getting drafted is insane
Jesus is the way the truth and the life Amen❤❤❤✝️✝️🙏🙏🙏🙏
Jesus is the way the truth and the life Amen❤❤❤🙏🙏🙏✝️✝️
Curry is the GOAT
HOW DID NOT ONE PICK ANTHONY EDWARDS
Vince Carter ToT
If I was kris after that 3 I would’ve done Kawhi and Oscar Robertson
EYY PUT THIS IN 2K AND SEE WHO IS GOING TO WIN THIS DRAFT
Me  screaming karl
Over kid Jonny should have picked d rose
Nobody noticed he spelled shaq wrong 🤣
Bro i will tack lackers kobe
I’m surprised you got no one picked Julius Irving
For god so loved the world that he gave his only son that whoever believes in him shall not parish but have eternal life. He loves you so much. Repent and believe in the gospel.
Moses malone
Reggie miller
James Harden in his prime was a beast
Yall should have drafted Tony brothers
What about Allen Iverson
Why not bill russel
Wow cry baby lebron goes Number 1 that’s crazy
Where’s Jason kid
Zack lavine and Steve bash going un drafted is crazy
How did KG get picked so lat hes one of the best
AI is way better than Jokic no offense 😂😂😂😂😂😂 🎉🎉🎉😢 but MJ is better even then James Harden
honestly I hate Jokic 😔😔😔
My leftovers: Guards: Tony Parker and Big O Forwards: Dr j and Karl Malone Center:  Moses Malone Next 2: Vince Carter and Dwight Howard
*ai has left the chat*
Lebron  is not the best
AI left chat!
Where is Allen iverson
All that for what? Put it in 2k...
MJ is the goat
Ray Allen!?!??!?!!
Why do they all think  LeBron James is the goat
Tracy McGrady should be in this
Where’s Vince Carter
Dame going undrafted is crazy!
How did mutumbo not get picked
tracy mcgrady as one of the last is crazy
How nobody picked Tatum 💀
JA??
No, Kevin Garnett?
The Karl Malone hate is crazy
Somehow that was my top 3 too!!
7:41 how has no one still picked Victor Weminyamma idc if i spelt it wrong
MJ the goat
We’re was Vince Carter
Who got Jordan ?
Honestly a disgrace to Allen Iverson
Someone should've picked Mutombo for defense even if he wasn't on the list.
A.I
Did Julius Irving get picked over like James Harden? I don’t know if that is messed up but it’s
Bro Kyrie Irving
Im surprised nobody pick pistol Pete he was an absolute legend
How do you put a picture in the comments٫ sorry I jus ted signed in to comments
Bro how about victor wembanyama
The worst team is Jeff
Jordan is the goat
Prime russ
The fact that russel westbrick was picked so late is obsurd. Him on okc was crazy
Bro Oscar Robertson?
These young guys have no clue of great NBA players.. waste of 2:14 minutes of my life before i stopped watching and it is only because I don't type fast
MJ is the goat
I get it the mailman is a molester but man he was good....
Am I the only one watching to see if Prime MVP Derrick Rose gets picked
where is mutumbo
nobody taking mvp d rose
BILL RUSSEL ??????
Ja Morant bro
Sahquile O''neal? SAHQUILE?
Oscar robertson
PICK BILL RUSSELL!!
How did everyone missed out prime mvp d rose
Vince Carter has left the chat
Prime Westbrook
D rose 😢😢😢😢😢
Karl malone Not being drafted is crazy
Where is bill russel
I must agree. Jeff nailed it. Kris picking Isiah was a GREAT pick as well. They don't get much tougher than Zeke!
Where’s Ai
Jessethat’s funny when he started.  Growling.  Bro 😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
what in gods name happend to clyde drexler, its so crazy to me that he just didn't get picked
They should’ve had Jayson Tatum
Your mom could make a team better then all of you guys
AI falling that far is insane
In the text for Jeff’s team it said Micheal Jordarn😂
I’m mad they didn’t pick Derrick rose or Vince carter!
How was no one picking John Stockton or Mark Price
Anyone notice he spelled Shaquille wrong?
Allen Iverson should’ve gone earlier
Nobody go AI
I’m shocked they said Lebron is the greatest of all time, it kinda of pissed me off
How did prime D Rose not get picked up.
AI has left the chat
Smh
A.I Allen Iverson
Get Bill Walton
Dwane Wade so late bro like wth
Karl malone
Elgin Baylor over KG😂😂😂😂
All the way giraffe gang
Where’s Russul Westbrook
The only surprise was Lebrun going 1 if you ask me lol
I could pick players of the none picked list and 100% clap all these teams
They picked Manu Ginóbili in the draft, but not Gary Payton aka the greatest perimeter defender of of all time
We’re is d rose
Worst draft right off the back with the first pick
You spelled Michael Jordan wrong
The fact that prime d rose didn’t get picked
put some respect on Wades name 2/3rd best SG.. fck
BLAKE GRIFFEN, VINCE CARTER,
Bro if I was in this I would have picked ja and LaMelo💀💀
I think trae young should be chosen
nobody took dame or vince carter?
WHAT ABOUT DAME DOLLA
where is bill russle
Man westbrook is his name🐐
Jeff in the 3rd Made the dream team 😂😂
How did Iverson not get picked
Michael Jordan is the goat
I’m surprised that no one said prime D . Rose
Nobody picking ja is crazyy 😂
Jesses team is slept on
do nfl version
How does John Stockton fall so far
😳 this fools would have pick Air bud number 1
No Allen Iverson is wild
big o
nba
doctor j going undrafted hurt me
For me jesser won that😊
Where is linsanity
RIP kobe man
Why weren't the malones pocket
No Julius Erving is a crime
The lineup of players they left off is insane Oscar Drexler Dr j Malone malone
Doctor j has left the chat
Can’t believe it took so long for Westbrook to be picked
Bro I don’t think they knew what they were doing bc when u put teams head to head it has to be peak peak James harden 36 a game peak wilt 50 a game like I don’t think they understood the assignment
Gary Payton Shawn kemp  Vince Carter and Karl Malone have all left the chat
Karl Malone? Big O? Moses Malone? Julius Erving? Tony Parker? And Dwight Howard did not get drafted
WHERE IS D ROSE
Jeffs team couldve beeen PG Oscar Robertson  SG Michael Jordan SF Larry Bird PF Kevin Garnett C Tim Duncan
No one picked Brook Lopez
How did they not pick prime Drose
Jonny’s team is so bad
The fact that kris picked Chris Paul over mvp Westbrook is crazy
They never picked patrick Ewing 😂
No Malones Ai or big o is crazy
I first loved Jeff’s, but when Trav picked Allen Iverson, it got me so happy
Next time maybe have a 2k season with the teams you select
I was surprised that Dame didn't get picked he 2nd best shooter of all time fr.
Kareem falling to 6 is criminal
I'm surprised bird didn't go first round pick
I’m numb cuz they forgot both Malone brothers and big 0 and they picked draymond ,jokic  and klay as an ALL TIME option
where is docter j bro
can jiedel be in a draft
Jesse has the best of all
the amount of times I heard "i need a shooter or pg" and dame wasn't selected im crying
Karl Malone?
mj is better than lebron kris
Doctor J left the chat💀💀💀💀☠️☠️
My man luka
Michael jordarn
honestly Pipen is better than Lebron
Larry Bird over Durant any day
Prime Derrick Rose left the chat
no big o 😪
Jeff would have won but he chose embid. That’s when he lost
No Allen iverson is crazy
They said they having the best version ever of the playera and didn’t pick MVP D Rose, that really hurts
What a about lamo ball
Poor Russ
Mj is better then bon
Tim Duncan getting drafted at 14 just shows the ball knowledge of the group 🤦‍♂️
Jiedel and The editors misspelled Michael Jordan wrong in different ways
lebron before michael!?!???😂😂😂😹😹😹😹😹💀💀💀
Bro they’re talking prime and no one drafted Derrick rose💀
where is ja  morant
Kobe and Tim would be a good duo if no offence to him Kobe passed the ball more.
Anybody realize Shaquille O’Neal was spelled wrong
Dokter j  Kevin garnet and Diwit howard
KARL Malone and Moses?
No one picks mugsy bulbs
They all forgot tatum😊
Mj the GOAT
No Vince Carter 😢
You should do a cartoon themed draft
Bro forgot Julie’s everting
BRO WHERE IS DERRICK ROSE
What about Derrick rose
Where’s prime Westbrook at tho
bill russel is BETTER than kobe,shaq and wilt
Derrick Rose
how is Russel westbrick on there but toko fall inot
Jason tutam
The fact Jayson Tatum is not on their….
Prime d rose?
No one got  ja morant that's weird
I was screaming d rose at the top of my lungs
“I love length”  Me:WHAT YOU MEAN BY THAT The rock: Eyebrow raise
Shawn Bradley, Larry Johnson, Oscar Roberson, Karl Malone, Gary Payton, Paul Pierce, Moses Malone, Clyde Drexler, James Worthy, Julius Erving not being picked is crazy
Nobody chose Vince Carter?
Oscar Robertson for kris
Jeff the only one that knows basketball obviously
Isiah Thompson😂😂 13:39
Oscar Malone and deaden is so low as a heat fan
What about ja morant
The fact that Jimmy Butler didn't get drafted hurt my soul a lot
Jeff’s draft name should’ve been the meme my name is Jeff 😂😂😂
Why does kris always get the first pick😅
they picked draymond over moses and karl malone and The big O
Surprised dame time didn’t get picked
What about prime d rose
It's `s a littel early for scottie the joker above Larry bird
Mj is better
Bill Russell Fell so far down the draft board
kg
D rose🌹???
Jesser is a w for that pick
I did anyone notice he spelt Jordan like jordam
Malone left the chat
how did bill russell fall that far
Karl Malone? 😢😢😢
The disrespect to Tim Duncan is crazy
do another all time draft
Me the whole time: Prime Rajon Rondo!
Bro where the heck Kareem in 1st round??????
Still dont why michael jordan wasnt first pick
Does no one like ja morant or something
my starting 5 that are not on this list are the big O at the 1, bob cousy at the 2, tim hardaway at the 3, the mailman at the 4, and dwight at the 5
why is kareem so late
dwight should be in there
Kareem fell way to far
I thought MVP Derrick Rose was gonna get drafted. My favorite player.
You should do a all time starting 5 with bench 5 with all teams
Michael is the GOAT  Y’all got to wake up
Would love to see those teams compete in a custom playoff
Why is Tracy mcrady picked so late 😢
AI was drafted too late i think
They took to long for the STEVE NASHBROWN
What about STEVE NASH
Prime lynsanity
I did not relive that no one got Allen ivrson
What happened to Vince Carter
It took FOREVER for Bill Russel
If I was kris I would have also chosen Gary Paton aka the glove
if someone picked gilbert arenas or t mac it would have been over
There is absolutely no way the Molones and Oscar Robinson didnt get chosen but fricken draymond and manu ginobili did💀💀💀💀😂😂😂😂😂💀💀💀💀💀
I SAW SAHQUILLE O'NEAL
Vince carter???
Ja Morant, hello
Chris pick tatum!
the fact that nobody drafted Allen Iverson or Oscar Robertson is so crazy to me.
why is kareem not top 5, and the fact the mailman, and the big O arn't on this list is crazy
Where is ja Morant
Why is John Stockton picked so late
Bobon left the chat
Dr J?
Nobody picked dame, ja, jimmy buckets, tony parker, K G, and  the G.O.A.T.                                         BEN SIMMONS
Oscar Robertson, Karl Malone, & Dr. J have left the chat.
bro no one wants larry and jeff should’ve picked bill russel in the 4th roind
Stop the hate on kyrie
ja morant
If kris took and actual good, champion center his team would won
Where is dame
uput luka in there u should put jt my mind all time jt over luka
No one wanted Larry Bird Edit nvm
Bro no one chose zion williamson or vince carter
How did nobody take the Dikembe 13:10  Mutombo?
Forgot the lost autocoreect
NAH PLS TELL ME U joking other then that love the content like Lost always👍
LEBRON DA GOAT?
where is prime zion😮
They forgot about Karl Malone, Moses Malone, John Havelicek, Oscar Robertson, Dr.J, Dolph Shayes, George Mikan, Bob Petit, Bob Cousy, and so much more hurts me
The fact that ja Morant didn’t get picked that mean too ja
For some reason I didn’t see bill Russell
How did know one choose Vince carter
On the sixth pick Chris should of picked Oscar Robertson instead of cp3
The fact that Barkley went over Russell is crazy
Michael Jordan is better
How did Alex Caruso Not get picked?
How did they skip Karl Malone 🤦‍♂️
Wher s shaq
Bro Karl Malone left the chat
How did Karl Malone and Gary Payton not get picked
Bill russel didn’t get picked early
Jesses mavericks. Luca,Dirk,Nash
The player with the most rings of all time, BILL RUSSELL got picked so late
the disrespect to Bill Russell though
where's Karl Malone
Jessers team should have won 🏆
Julius Erving left the chat
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa!!!! lebron is not the best kobe and michael is!
Bro Hakeem Kobe and curry over Kareem 😂😂😂
Biggest steal, was Michael Jordan going number 2.
Bill Russell and AI was picked late
It feels like he left bc he got picked so late it hurts my soul
Bill russel has left thecovo
prime russel westbrook was crazy
Bro no drose is wild
DID U GUYS FORGET DRJ 😂😂😂😂
Dr j was a all time great but didn’t get picked and draymond did is mind blowing
The big O, moses malone, karl malone, and dwight howard weren’t picked. What!!! Dwight in his prime was nice
Bill russel left the chat
What about ai
Im surprised nobody picked Chris Bosh lol
Karl Malone wasn’t drafted is CRAZY
Bill Russell got robbed
Big O and Karl Malone going undrafted is crazy
Where tf is prime d-rose like come on bro we finna fight I just knew somebody was gone have him and Vince on the same team which would be NASTY🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️🤦🏾‍♂️
Did Kris really pick LeBron and called him the G.O.A.T
they didn’t pick Vince carter
D rose undrafted, Big O undrafted, and Vince Carter undrafted YET DRAYMOND WAS
Bro no one picked Dennis Rodman? This is crazy
How did you forget about Oscar Robinson YOU ARE CRAZY PEOPLE.
Vince carter
Luka is my fav player and the fact that my favorite YouTuber drafted him made me cry in front of my whole family!
James spelled Shaquille’s name 😑
Jordan not first. Something is wrong
Dr J?
Jesse had the best team 💯💯💯
why would you  take steph curry over wilt and way more he should have went last in 2nd round
Where does prime d rose fall?
Lebron number 1 is so wrong
THE AMOUNT OF PLAYERS SELECTED BEFORE B RUSS IS DISGUSTING🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢🤢
Is good
Larry bird
Where is Vince Carter
Derrick rose and Vince Carter left the chat lol
No kareem in first pick?
Dwayne wade didn’t get picked
The disrespect to mj
Since everyone was in their prime I was low key surprised drose didn’t get picked
Dr J
No one picked ja mordant or Jason Tatum
They forgot Julius Erving😢
This is the worst fantasy draft ever
Bro what are these dog ass drafts 😂
Why did nobody pick Paul Pierce or Dominique Wilkins
The fact no one got before acl rear rose
Jordan is undefeated in the finals and what is lebron in the finals
Ngl the ending was lame shoulda put the teams into 2k and then got the winners
Pat bev on heat
Kris deserved a win
Russ Oscar Bill John H
The fact that no one picked Dr J has blown my mind
Man no love for the big O
Giraffe Gang dude is what is wrong with all bball fans today, never seen good basketball and massive recency bias
Man, these people be dumb and drafting like rookies, Lebron aint no goat, rookie baby fans like this have never seen proper basketball outside this cupcake era, there is only one goat in basketball and his name is MJ
No Moses no mailman but Dray Green is ABSURD???
allen iverson disrespect is crazy
I would of picked shane
Whoever has jordan wins
bill russel
if it’s prime of every player give me russel westbrook
Where is Dominique Wilkins and Dr. J
suprise nobody chose dwight howard
It took me 10 minutes watching this and Bill Russell finally got picked
Hows everyone feel about prime derrick rose not getting picked? Dude was unstoppable before the knee issues. Check the tape
They didn’t pick Allen iverson
Why make fun off Russell Westbrook when ur not in the nba
Jason Tatum?
the fact that bill russell wasn't picked at least top 10 is wild
i love jeffs team
bro said team use did lol
Karl Malone left the chat
VINCE CARTER!!!!!!
Dominuiqe Wilkins lol?
PRIME DWIGHT HOWARD GOES UNDRAFTED???
They disrespected dr.j and Karl Malone
Vince Carter?
Is Trav following the footsteps of Jerry West as a GM? Because in the NBA Ultimate Draft, he was doing the exact same thing
I like krises team
00:26  haha guess go
Jesse replaced Mitchell for the the dirk and luka picks
How was Karl Malone overlooked?
‘’ Lebron is the best of all-time’’ bruh  Michael Jordan is the  Best of all time are you dumb
Paul pierce,Moses and Karl Malone,clyde drexler,James worthy and Julius Erving not being picked just hurts my brain
How you forget prime d rose
RAPTORS VINCE CARTER IT MADE ME SO MAD BUT DRAYMOND GOT PICKED
What about vince
Is it just me or did yall see Jordarn
Questionable picking up great content as always from Jiedel
The disrespect for bill russel is bizarre
might be controversial but pistol pete should have been picked
DID THEY COMPLETELY FORGET ABOUT KARL MALONE
I feel like Rodman should be on Jeff’s team bc he has jordan people who are with me 👇
Y’all slept hard on shaq tho hes num 4 all time
Nobody drafted Dr. J? This is bullcrap!! This hurts me very much.
Vince carter bro
Derrick rose?????
What if you put lebron and steph on the same team….
When he said LeBron James I thought he was joking 💀 bro obviously hasn't matured
No one picked Oscar Robertson
LeBron is not the GOAT
Giannis and lebron were on the same team in the all star game
Did he just say LeBron 1st
bro nobody picked ja
Why did you not pick ja Morant
How did Ray Allen not get picked
How did no one pick Allen Iverson in the second or third round
Kris won
Bill Russel?!
KARL THE FRICK MALONE
how did Dominique Wilkins not get drafted or Gary Payton
I’m surprised no went is morant mabey cause he is younger
When Khris said bron the best of all time
In the second round
Ngl someone should have picked Reggie miller
Julia’s Erving?
Prime drose
Why was dame 😢
Watching this y’all wouldn’t believe they all started as basketball YouTubers
Where’s prime d rose???
‘God save the queen’
There’s no way Kris picked LeBron over M.J. And Kobe
I would take Steve Nash 4th round
No Vince Carter 😢
I need more of these 100%
Prime Westbrook
Cough cough Alien Iberian Bill Russel and Moses Molone and Dr J disrespect
how tf was Bill Russell (RIP), in my opinion the 6th best player, drafted more than 10 and a half minutes into the draft? Ahead of frickin Dražen Petrović? (also RIP)
How did KG get drafted so late
I think team curry is overlooked.  Jokic with the playmaning and passing with the fantastic defense and explosive prowess of Rodman. Backed by Scottie. Harden also passes, gets fouls and crossover. And currys shooting.
Midway through the fifth round and Oscar Robertson hasn’t been picked, wtf is going on
ah yes "Isiah Thompson"
They were joking about the goat being LeBron right?
I mean I’m not a suns fan but I like Deven booker
Lebron is not better than Jordan
How did Vince carter not get drafted that confused me
I was hoping someone was gonna pick tmac
I'm surprised doc j and pat Ewing weren't picked top 5
my team would woop yall. WIlt Chamberlin Lebron James Michael Jordan Kareem Abdul-Jabbar Dominique wilkins ____________________ on the bench  cp3 Dr.J
The fact that nobody choose ja
bro Vince Carter
bro Bill Russell
I heard wrong he said Lebron is the goat?.?
I am surprised no one picked Oscar robinson
The funny thing is, that the name god save the queen, the queen died a month after😢
Lebron is not the best basketball player of all time. He is trash.
God save the queen aged well😂😂😂
what about derrick rose
Wade?
Bill Russel Gettin Picked That Late Is Stupid
Surprised no one picked Big O
Love these types of videos
Jeff wins easily, and not just because Jordan, because he has Larry, Duncan, Ray, Stockton. He has everything you need.
Yao ming
D wade is 5th best 2 guard
Dikembe?
Why was bull Russell picked so late!! It was painful
Kareem
Derrick rose in his prime?
Bro klay Thompson is not in the 75 greatest player
Karl Malone ?  One of the best PF player of all time
I lost my respect for kris London for saying Lebron is the goat
Where’s TMac????
Where is Bill Russell and Moses and Iverson and Gary Payton and David Robinson
i have 3 more min but im super surprised no one picked ai
The fact that jokic was drafted that early is insane  I think John Stockton would've been better
ThE BeSt PlAyEr Of AlL tImE Levron jamessdd
Jesus loves you so much that he died for you❤
Y’all forgot about A.I.
No way Kris said Scottie was basically lebron in the 90s 😂😂
Where is D🌹
why did nobody take Vince Carter
Where is derrick rose 😢
Bruh Draymond got drafted. KARL GOD DANG MALONE DIDN'T
I’m so confused dr.j did not get picked
Never disrespect the legends ever again. When Isiah Thomas goes after CP3 in an all time draft, you’ve messed up
Did really no one picked prime d🌹
Did man pick LeBron over mj
The amount taken before bill russel is disgusting 😤😤
they forgot A.I
where is john stockton
Lebron ain’t the goat dude. MJ better easily. But lebron second
Bill
I would have picked Michael Jordan as a first pick
Dude. Did they forget about Pete Maravich
Dang what about mvp Derrick rose
put some respect on D ROSE
DErrick rose?
this was painful
Prime Derrick Rose?
Chris bosh & Petrovic made it but not Karl Malone, Julius Irving, or Oscar Robertson 😂
Iverson being drafted that late... crazy
What about bill rushel
The fact that lebron is first and JORDAN is second and curry third! Disrespect to Kobe and jordan
Did he actually say Lebron is better than mj.
So nobody cares prime Russ didn’t get drafted ok
dame getting undrafted is crazy
I don’t get how prime d rose was not taken but ok
They spelt michael jordan wrong 5:24 If you saw it ⬇
Fuck Khris, MJ IS THE GREATEST OF ALL TIME!
If kris had Mj
no way tony parker is not on this list
bro Kyrie Irving is my favourite player ever stop dissing him bro
they forgot about vince carter
2HYPE all time draft? Kris and Jesser are the only ones in 2HYPE
Karl malone?
this mfer took westbrick over jesus himself aka D ROSE
Im surprised how oscar robertson and clyde drexler did not get drafted
The most scored points in the playoffs is LeBron what you mean juicy look it up.
Why isn’t Tracy McGrady on the 75th anniversary team
Kris team is stacked❤
I was just waiting for tmac
Dwayne wade should have been picked earliest
How about Danny Ainge?
Bro I was just waiting till Russ was picked
Jeff:Kinda like a team USA” With Giannis?????
Lebron is not the best player of all time MJ is
It is just me or did rizz say f u
Bill russel
Actually giannis is the best player in nba
lebron has the most playoff points
Curry is nowhere close to third best all time
This was low key rough, entertaining but like shocking
Y’all are sleeping on Bill Russel so hard
Jeff Jesser or Kris  Rizz  Johny or trav
MJ>Lebron gang where u at?
YAO MING
God save the queen aged well
Mj is the best player of all time
jeff: kris has a team usa kris: has giannis on his team
James Harden getting picked before Allen iverson just hurt my child hood.😭😭😭😭😭
My team from leftovers(not to shabby)  MOSES  MALONE  ERVING  DREXLER  OSCAR  MCADOO  HAVLICEK  PAYTON
God save the queen 😭😭😭😭
I don't think God saved the queen
Bro it’s so funny of how the third team is god save the queen and she died
Jordan>bron
MVP Westbrook
Where's A.I
How did nobody pick prime d rose
Seeing what happened 3days ago, the 3rd team name is hittin different
crazy that they sounded surprised at magic johnson when hes easily better than kobe and curry
if jeff chose bill russel insted of joel embid he would have gone 82 and 0
LeBron, KD, and Giannis all on the same team is crazy
BRO HOW IS LEBRON BETTER THAN MJ
Rizzle had no idea what he was doing💀
Who watching after queen died poor rizzle
The fact that MJ was second overall and not first
God save the queen team guy is probably the stupidest most casual basketball fan I've ever seen
Prime drose?
We all know that the REAL #1 pick is Ish Smith
Y’all should have 8 people draft 4 west 4 east and see who had the best team
Crazy how draymon green got picked over people like Derrick rose or karl malone or even Clyde Drexler
The amount of picks before bill Russell just hurts me
How did 2011 Derrick rose not even get picked
This draft is so bad.......
Mine is Mj, Reggie, Scottie pippen,Tim Duncan and Hakeem. Bench Gary Payton, Rodman, tmac Dont know if they are all in the top 75
Stop the Russell slander💯
Drose
Everybody lost because no one picked Oscar Robertson. Would have instantly improved every team
Pausing this at the end of the 6th round. And it boggles my mind how short sighted everyone is. It’s like they can’t remember a time before the mid-90’s that basketball existed. Okay Elgin Baylor, Wilt, J West and Kareem went. The big O was a more efficient Westbrook, Dr J made things flashy before it was cool to do so, and Moses Malone was an absolute beast. We are drafting people who weren’t even the best on their own damn team! Oscar not being picked after 36 people in front of him kills me the most…but like come on guys…Scottie, Reggie, Dirk, Klay?! These people are way out of touch with what we know as the NBA.
Bill freaking Russell
Oscar Robertson?
No Dr J, both malones or Oscar Robertson? WTH
Why were Oscar, Karl & Moses Malone not selected.
Malone or big O
how did bill russel   get drafted so
They forgot Dr. J
“The fact that ja Morant didnt get picked 1st is absurd 🤓”   - Some band wagon, probably
Derrick rose russel west brook like hello???????????
Could’ve scratched in prime D Rose
Did anybody notice how bad he spelled Shaquille O’Neal name ?
Me and trav have the same mind cuz I was like pick Robison and AI he picked them
Watching this video and reading some of these comments actually supporting it hurts my soul as a fan of basketball. None of these mf know an actual thing about the nba. Why in ther world were players like draymond green and drazen petrovic picked when players like oscar robertson, gary payton, karl malone, etc. were sitting on the board. Not to mention how late BILL FUCKING RUSSEL was drafter and then NOT EVEN USED AS A STARTER. Fuckin insane tbh bro this shit is so trash.
Tim Duncan falling as much as he did was a disgrace
Damn no one in this video knows the nba and it shows...
How tf did nobody pick dr J
Dwade at like 40th is crazy 😂
this is honestly the most disrespectful video i ever seen in my life😭
KARL MALONE?????!!?!!?!??
wheres Karl Malone or what about Vince Carter these guys shouldnt be below draymond
Lebron 🤣🤣barely top 3
This video hurt my soul some of the picks were so bad
They don't know basketball at all
No way Jeff picked Kyrie over Oscar
Nobody here knows basket ball
How did no one pick Oscar Robertson he is the 3rd best point guard of all time
Jessie robbed
My all time team would be built around the greatest player of all time. Michael Jordan. So I would go PG: Chris Paul, SG: Jordan, SF: Klay Thompson, PF: Dennis Rodman, C: Tim Duncan
Where's D rose?
bro said reggie miller is a spot up shooter
did they forget Vince carter. And Derrick rose…
nobody takes prime westbrook??!
Michael Jordan is the best of all times not LeBron James
“With the first pick I select the greatest player of All time Lebron James” Me: *clicks off video*  Also love how he literally wrote “the brick” for Russ. Love the slander 🙄
Crazy how no one picked Paul George
666 views is crazy
These guys don’t know ball 😭
I’m done watching 2hype lmao lebron is still not top 3 😂
This is one of the most awful all time drafts i have ever seen. Like why tf was bill russel and karl malone picked so late and oscer robinsen WASENT PICKED! Cm ON 2 hype
So this basketball group don’t know ball
Big o and the truth?
Allen iverson ?
How do you draft the 2nd best player of all time???!!?!!!?!
If there in the prime then prime russ would be different at the point
i feel like they should get fined and get prison time for this
I could have picked 3 Runningbacks and won this draft.
Most painful draft i've ever seen
this is the worst draft i have ever seen in entire fucking life😭
Never thought I would see Jeff win an NBA draft challenge
This is terrible
This is one of the worst Draft video I’ve ever seen
KG fell way too low, y'all some casuals lmao
Oscar Robertson????
do u guys even know basketball...
Lsk really picked Lebron first
Kris only drafted current players for his first 3 picks
oscar robertson is top 10 all time and didnt get drafted
The disrespect on prime Boogie
James harden was picked before bill russel
Didn't think these guys were that young to not have seen prime KG but clearly they are. I got second hand embarrassment watching this
How'd Jesser not get one vote???
Lowkey bottom right might have trouble against the Warriors.
I love giraffe gang
actually good vid. comments just nba nerds
DOMINIQUE WILKINS????????
HOW IS KAREEM IN THE SECOND ROUND?????
Lebron 1st😂😂😂
What happen to Steve nash
=>
The fact that Quavo drafted better in the actual all time draft than these "NBA" youtubers is sickening and laughable. Bunch of clowns
No way kareem was not top 5
I can't be the only one who saw a zillion typos
kris and jesser got the best teams
Nice🥰👍🏼🧡🔥♥️
Dr.J?
No way kris took CP3 over russ
Mj effect on jeff
F Kris for saying Lebron is the greatest of all time
But Tim Duncan saves the team
Larry bird low-key overrated
It took to long for kg
Prime Derrick Rose...?
the amount of people that got drafted before john stockton nasty
It’s gross how late d wade was picked, like literally cp3 and Ray Allen were picked over him Also Bill Russell was way too late
Prime Westbrook is a top 3 guard all time
Surprisingly Vince carter isn’t here
Poor Karl Malone how could they disrespect a top 3 power forward like that
Can’t believe they left air Canada it is over
You Guys Forgot Oscar Robertson
Worst take of the video:  Scottie is basically LeBron of the 90s   Honourable mention:  KD is better than Larry Bird that one really killed me  Do you know anything about basketball?
Steve Kerr
Surprise no one picked slam dunk champion Vince carter
How did nobody pick julius erving
Clyde the glide ?!?! Why don’t u pick him
The amount of players picked before bill Russell is disgusting
12:50 the slander needs to stop 😂😂😂
R.I.P to the legend Bill Russel
the disrespect to bill russell is crazy
how the hell was bill russel not drafted
Love the vids 🙏
For "basketball content creators" this is genuinely embarrassing
Prime russssss
Tim Duncan at 14th is the biggest steal of this draft
PG: AI SG: Dwane Wade SF: Scottie Pippen PF: Tim Duncan  C: David Robinson 6th: IT Vs PG: CP3 SG: Reggie Miller SF: Kawhi Leonard  PF: Karl Malone C: Moses Malone 6th: Tracy McGrady Who would win???
bro no d wade????
Bill Russel?
Bro prime drose should have been picked
2011 Derrick Rose and Prime Westbrook would be nasty
go jeff go jesser
Jokic over bill and Larry how
Never let these men draft again a day in their lifes
Lebron isn't top 10 guys
Jeff def won this
Keri should have taken Oscar Robertson
W video
Rip bill Russell
How did it take so long to get karrem
This Drazen guy drafted over bill Russell 😑
2:34 Sahquile O'Neal? And Michael Jordam?
The fact that he said Lebron was the g.o.a.T pained me real deep
RIP BILL RUSSELL GOAT
Where my man big O they got the copy russ no disrespect
What about prime d rose
Dwayne Wade bro
Chris absolutely triggered me when he picked lebron over mj
RIP Bill Russel
Can’t believe Oscar Robertson, Kevin Garnett, Karl & Moses Malone didn’t get picked. Would have even picked Dwight over Yao & Draymond
Jonny is a basketball scientist
What about Oscar Robertson
Gary Payton Clyde drexler dom Wilkins Karl malone and Moses Chris Mullen mark eayton never got picked
God save the queen
Kris you said you would pick the greatest player all time and accidentally said the worst player ever
Where was Karl Malone?
Karl Malone
A put the teams in 2K and jesser’s team 🏆
Malone Oscar Robinson dr J bill russel on the bench Vince carter???
MJ is so much better don’t know how there really is a debate
I just turned the vid off when khris took LeBron first
I'm outraged drose didn't get drafted
Why didn't nun of u thank of Devin Booker
Bro Luca got picked before ai
Wayyyy better than T-Mac
Where is Vinsanity
HOW the actual fuck was Dwight not drafted
VINCE CARTERRRR
Erving
Does nobody like ja
Klay getting picked over Westbrook is crazyy
No dr j
They forgot Allen Iverson
The fact that Karl Malone didnt get drafted is crazy
Moses Malone, The Mailman, Big O, George Gervin, Gary Payton, Walt Frazier, Dr. J, Drexler, WIlkins, and James Worthy not being selected hurts me
Nobody thought about Allen iverson?
w
Yao Ming
AD Over Malone? I know Malone gets a lot of hate but cmon he's a hooper 😂😂
MJ IS THE GOAT BTW
How do none of them pick AI
Vince Carter?
everyone is sleeping on dame 😒😒
No d wade
How is James harden go before bill Russell
Does trav have a lisp?
Drazen over Stockton? Kill me now, these guys have barely watched basketball
“Gonna be hard to score 100 when he doesn’t get the ball passes to him” 😂
My team name is the shooting stars
bro said lebron is better than mj and kobe. LOL
Anthony Davis before tmac
God doesn’t want anybody in hell because He loves us, but you must understand why we deserve hell and why those who refuse to live under His authority will go there. He gave us the law (Ten Commandments) not to make us righteous, but rather to show us our sin (Romans 3:20). We’re not sinners because we sin, but rather we sin because we’re sinners. Sin is the nature of our flesh that we are born with due to the sin of Adam in the garden. For someone to be justified before God they have to be sinless. We’ve all sinned (Romans 3:23), and the the law demands death for those who sin (Romans 6:23). God is righteous, so He must punish our sin, which is what He did through His Son Jesus Christ on the cross. Jesus is Holy and sinless, yet He received our sin when He died on the cross, so that we can be righteous before God (2 Corinthians 5:21). When He died on the cross, He said “It is finished” (John 19:30), which means He paid the full price for all of your sins (past, present, and future) to be forgiven. He was buried and rose again from the dead. God will forgive anybody who puts their full trust in Jesus Christ alone for salvation. We aren’t saved based on our good deeds, but only by the grace of God (Ephesians 2:8-9). His precious blood that He shed is the only reason why we can be forgiven of our sins (Hebrews 9:22). If you confess that Jesus is Lord and believe that God raised Him from the dead, then you’ll be saved (Romans 10:9). You are born-again with the Spirit of Christ (2 Corinthians 5:17), and are not only legally justified before God, but also are accredited His righteous (Romans 4:24). Believers live for Christ now, so get to know Him through His Word. I recommend reading the book of Romans and the gospels (Matthew, Mark, Luke, and John), and watching Pastor Joseph Prince’s online sermons!
Westbrook slander
Kevin Garnett slander
Yessir Jesse r picking the mavs
Draymond over dame ?
MJ is the GOAT
You know Karl malone is a player right?
Tmac and dwade
russell is the only dude getting slandered and it’s ridiculous
Where is Prime Isiah Thomas or Prime D Rose
of players that aren’t here i would TakePG Isiah Thomas Prime Boston SG Oscar Robertson SF Paul Peirce PF Karl Malone C Dikembe Mutombo 6th D Rose MVP 7th T Wolves Kevin Love 8th Ben Wallace Prime
Bill Russel, Both Malones, Oscar Robertson,
really thought damian lillard would be drafted
pick lemo ball
i’m surprised no one took dr j
No one did ja morant
I hated that they waited so long for Stockton
i’m sad khris didn’t use his last pick if the draft on the goat…. IGUADOLA
Anyone get Tracy McGrady Cmon Now
the greatest player of all time lebron james WAKE THE FUCK UP TO REALITY
Damien lillard???
Lebron over Jordan is such a casual choice smh
If kris took Kawhi over Chris Paul bruh Bron, Klay, Kawhi, Durant, Giannis that team will never lose
Larry> KD
Nobody picked Julius Erving surprised lol
Larry bird?
11:16 as a huge Rockets fan I love how he included Ming Dynasty
1:19 “Michael Jordam”
Do a 2k tournament
They choose Scottie over Kawhi???
They forgot devin booker
no bill russell
Moses Malone, Karl Malone, Big O, and Dr J. hurts me so bad
Kobe and Wilt just sucks for Kobe. He basically got another Shaq as his center or should I say the shaq before the Shaq. Those who may not know Wilt just loved getting that cash and stat padding also Wilt was a very big partyer and had sex with many women each night. Kobe would hate this very much like what happened in irl where shaq after getting that one ring just stopped working as hard as he should be and started partying most nights. And as time went one shaq got even fatter and fatter.
This just hurt my entire mind, soul my everything as a person loves to see drafts like these
MJ is better then lebronnnn
Someone should have chosen Chet
When jeff had MJ,larry and timmy i already know who's the winner
Bro prime d rose missed out, crazy
come on put it into 2k pleaseeeeeee
🐐
🔥🔥🔥
kris really said lebron and not mj
Vince Carter?
Dwayne wade 💀
These guys don’t know basketball
What about dros
Where’s Vince Carter?
i think iof johnny picked a pg instead of dwane wade off the bench he would have won
I was drafting in Johnny's pick and my team was  PG Oscar Robertson SG Dwayne Wade SF Julius Erving PF Tim Duncan C Kareem Abdul Jabar
Kris won
best team ever pg stephen curry sg mj sf jayson tatum pf dennis rodman c giannis
They forgot Vince carter derric rose and Karel Malone
Scottie pipen
Is Nobody Going To Talk That "Stephen Curry" Face on the thumbnail is the same as the 5th?
This video made me wanna cry with the amount of questionable picks
The fact Kevin Garnett got picked so late is surprising to me
Jokich trash
Kobe is the goat LeBron trash love Jessers pick
Nah the thumbnail made me hate James for a sec
And D-Rose went undrafted smh
They just forgot about Karl Malone or John Stockton
That is crazy that stephen curry got picked at number 3 when i would of maybe thought he would get picked number 10
What was James using to do all of this
Kwahi over scottie
Big O doesnt get drafted?
They didn't even mention Doctor J ?????!?!?!?!?
What about prime d rose 🌹?
everyone forgets about spud webb
Mj is better than Lebron James
I was so excited because I thought they where going to play 2k with these teams
Bruh how did Vince Carter not get picked
Draymond and klay over karl malone and big o💀
Bro Jesse should have won
I think MJ is still on top of lebron by a lot
How about Reggie Lewis
How about Karl Malone?
Dubs Kris for taking Isiah Elite Pick
YOU PICKED DRAYMOND GREEN OVER OSCAR ROBERTSON, ALEX ENGLISH, CLYDE DREXLER, GARY PAYTON, CHAUCY BILLUPS, VINCE CARTER, PENNY HARDAWAY, TIM HARDAWAY, PAUL PIERCE, KARL MALONE, MOSES MALONE, GILBERT ARENAS, TRACY MCGRADY, JULIUS ERVING, RUSSELL WESTBROOK, NIKOLA JOKIC, CHRIS BOSH, CHRIS WEBBER, AND DERRICK ROSE?!?!?!?!?!?!??!?!?!!?!?!?! WHAT THE HELL IS WRONG WITH YOU
JULIUS ERVING!!
Julius Erving, Penny Hardaway, Oscar Robertson, Vince Carter?
The more I watch this the more I doubt that these guys actually watch basketball
Michael Jordan should have been first. It had to be said I’m sorry
What about Oscar Robertson you all needed a point guard what about him
The fact 17 Westbrook didn’t go top 5 is wrong
no one got d rose
jokic isnt even nba 75 lol
It's weird how Kris said he was taking the GOAT and then didn't take Jordan
What about Zion????
I was expecting Big O out of round 2… and expected Gervin earlier. and Moses… and etc
Big O???
Yao Ming?
u didnt draft Dr J💀
Ahh hell no this draft
bro since the start i was waiting for bill Russel and the fact it was picked so late really annoys me
Surly put these in 2k and see what team wins
The disrespect towards Bill Russell and not picking the Big O
KARL MALONEEEEEE
This just shows how little these guys know about the nba but it was still an interesting vid
Kareem got picked way to late
Anyone else think that John Stockton would be one of if not the most underrated player of all time he is in my opinion the second best ringlets player ever and the 2nd or 3rd best point guard for an all time team with OP players?
No one chose Jason Tatum 💀
I would have pick Malone as center than Jokic
Tim Duncan not going in the top 10-15 is disgustingly disrespectful
Where is Oscar robertson
Prime Drose would have been nasty on one of these teams
M.J is the G.O.A.T
How did no one pick prime Damian lilard
Kinda disappointed someone didn’t take prime d 🌹 for a player not on the list
This might be the Best YouTube video I’ve seen
no vince carter?
Karl Malone
I thought they were gonna throw this into 2k to see who has the best team????
Dominique Wilkins slander
how did bill russel fall so much
Where TF is Dr.J !?!?  No Julius Erving?  Are serious.  Man is easily top 15 all time
Put the teams in 2k
The fact that rizzle said Anthony who is my fav current player but u have to go with doctor j
how did nobody pick oscar robertson thats wild
why was Bill Russell picked so late???/
Drose
Dirk Nowitzki*
Reggie is the third best shooter of all time Ray Allen is Number 2, Steph Curry is number one
Bro said Reggie was 2nd greatest shooter of all time 😂😂
Vince
the bill russell disrespect
why did he say the goat and then follow that with lebron?
Prime D Wade should’ve been top 15-20
Why don’t pick Ja Morant
klay before kawhi????????????????????????
Sorry kris but MJ is the best of all time
D rose!!
Karl Malone?
Isiah Thompson? 13:42
Kris should have won
Prime d rose is legendary
I’m so mad Trea Young wasn’t drafted but at least luka can say he was drafted before Trea
Kevin Garrnette 😂
How did Dame not get drafted 💀
Now do a 2K tournament
Prime Dwight would be a good move
He said LeBron James was the best nba player ever
Kris acutely followed his name and tall people
I swear the more I watch them, the less I realize they don’t know about basketball
DBOOK
The way they forgot Timmy D In the top ten is crazy
Respect for Dražen Petrović and hello from Croatia
This is brutal
This whole draft was terrible
you should put these teams into 2k
Oscar Robinson???
I’m taking kd number one 🤷‍♂️
Ngl I woulda picked prime Drose
None of these guys know anything about basketball except Jiedel.
Bro I’m taking Vince carter and Tracy macgrady over most of these players
Where was doctor j
Ain’t no way none of them picked prime D🌹
Giraff gang got snubbed hard with drafting lebron first. Had potential
Where is moses malone
bull went WAY too late NO BIG O AND IN THE PRIME TMAC WAS GIVING KOBE FITS
No Steve Nash, that’s a shock
How the fuck is Kris team dealing with shaq wilt or kareem
where’s oscar robertson vince carter and karl malone
Ayo how did no one draft Oscar, Penny, or Karl Malone? 😂
Nobody picked James worthy
Klay before Kawhi made my head hurt
Im shocked that karl malone, AI, clyde drexler, and prime d-rose didnt get drafted.
Bruh Lebron’s not the goat sorry to say that but Jordan is just waay better than him
Where is Vince carter
RUSSEL WESTBROOK
no one picked dr j?
Oscar Robertson?
Apple 🍏
I though bill Russell would be too 3 and he fell so far
Johnny’s team in my honest opinion is grabbing every rebound
naw why did draymond get picked over gary payton. absolutely criminal
Did ai get picked
Kobe and Russell would be the perfect duo
What about bill russel
No way Oskar Robertson isn’t picked
Johnny has my dream team
Trae young?
How did nobody pick prime Derrick rose
Me still waiting for someone to draft Dr J
I was surprised to see no mvp drose or maybe a vc
Big o didn’t get picked hurts my heart
Ad over bill russel?
Karl Malone and Oscar Robertson being passed up is a crime
VINCE CARTER BROS
I can’t believe how late Bill Russell went. Greatest winner of all time and easily a first round pick
suprised no one picked up prime dwight howard
Pete Maravich, Karl Malone, Gary Payton, Oscar Robertson all not getting picked… shame on these guys
The fact Dr. J didn’t get picked 🤦‍♀️
Prime D rose is better than half the guards that were picked. Hurst especially hearing all of them talk about how they need a guard and then pick someone like westbrick or midrie Irving
Vince Carter not being picked hurt me inside. Because Tracy mcgrady is my fav player OAT
Tony Parker 😭😭😭❤️💗❤️❤️❤️💗💗❤️
the goat at the 2nd pick is a steal
Isaiah been disrespected
KG disrespect is wild
“Sahquille O’Neil”
I know they didn’t say LeBron James is the best of all time it’s definitely Michael Jordan
Editor messed up Dirks name 😂 It happens but after I did it this week i couldn’t let it slide
Lebron is up there but he is not the goat
How did nobody pick dukembe mutombo
Patrick Ewing should have got drafted earlier and MJ>LB
Bill Russell slander is insane .. top 10 arguably top 5 player in nba history
karl malone stockton oscar bruh
oscar robertson bro where he at
Do this again please??
What about Vince Carter
Did I just miss it or did nobody pick Dr. J
Jesse NEEDED Pistol Pete
Where is dame
Jeff got a steal with the 🐐 at #2
Jesser such a casual
Surprised Allen Iverson wasn't picked
I might have to give it to jesse
It’s between Chris and Jesse
Kevin Duckworth not even being think about is kinda sad but whatever.
What is Jesse saying about luka
Wow, no Vince Carter is another level kind of insane
Surprised no body put kg
Khris’ team easily won
Lebron is the goat
Michael Jordan is better than bron
the kyrie disrespect it crazy, yall forget how good he was on the cavs and that he didnt have this shit with him there either. On of the most skilled players of all time for a reason
Oscar Robertson got violated
Kris out here looking like the Trailblazers after they Draft a Anotherbust before a legendagain
Bro really took lebron over MJ💀
the fact that no one picked mvp d rose makes me mad
Yessir
Surprised Karl Malone didn’t get taken
Why did none of them pick ja
Bro kris is a disgrace he said that lebron is better than jordan
I love Kris even more now since he said Legoat
82-0.  Team.  7hype.  In.  2022.  Draft. Comments in. .7hype news  in my.  Draft. Crew man fire
Did he really say Larry bird over durant??? Larry bird is way better that kd
DID Chris SAY LEbrOnnis better than Michael Jordan bruhhhh
Dwight, Ben Wallace, and Robertson are still available  Crazy
People forget about prime Dwight
Shocking that no one took prime D rose
PICKING JAMES HARDEN AND RAY ALLEN OVER D WADE LMAOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Jeff has best team
Bro nobody picked Moses Malone or Oscar Robertson!! David Robinson was picked so late and players like John Stockton were picked over the big O.Wow. Tbh this video was painful, yet entertaining to watch. Nice video!!
No way they picked DRAYMOND GREEN before Westbrook and Oscar 😭
Put these teams in 2k and see who wins
The fact bill Russell didn’t go higher is crazy
I’m just sad no prime d-rose…
I’m sorry where is bill russel through 4 rounds he wasn’t picked
KRIS THINKS LEBRON IS THE GOAT OH NAH JIT TRIPPIN
we not gon talk ab the fact that drazen petrovic was taken over oscar robertson
How did nobody pick Damian Lillard? He can do it all pass, shoot, and get in the paint
Put these teams in 2k!!!! That would be a fire videoo
Karl Malone ?😭
Prime Wade being top 3 OVR SG and going so far down the last is crazy to me
Jesse for sure got robbed lol. His bench is deep af
Shit is boo boo. Learn the sport
Khris team is stacked Jesser 2nd best
No way he just said Bron so the best all time
Westbrook*
jesse team is the best
MJ is the goat I'm just saying and the lebron is the second best player
PICK KARL MALONE BROOOOOO
This entire draft just hurt my soul as an NBA fan.
Draymond Green stinks and Kyrie Irving is really good
totally agree with the voting at the end as well good job jeff
johnny the only one there who really know ball fr, james knowledge not bad either questionable sometimes
the disrespect to russell westbrook
Jeff had the best team.  Also I would to see everyone's top NBA Players. Lol
The fact that both Malones and the big O didn’t get drafted but Draymond did is absurd
Wait what was the point of that put it in 2k
Bro Melo really got picked over Karl Malone when they were looking for a scorer, im not even a jazz fan but carmelo anthony over karl malone?!?! thats just... wow
Brizzle should've picked Dame instead of Westbrook
I would have picked Paul Pierce over Manu
It’s crazy how no one picked prime d rose
surprised that no picked oscar nor dr j
also cmon guys bill russell arguably top5 all time
kyrie is actually cracked
What about vince carter
Kris should’ve took A.I over Chris Paul I’m sorry kris
That fact that Larry Bird didn’t go at LEAST TOP 5 is amazing to me
No one said Yao Mingggg
6:10 I love listening to this
6:10 I love listening to this
No paul gorge no big O 💀
No Oscar Robertson? The og Mr triple double!
Should also put these teams into an 82-0
No one picked Allen iverson
Bro jesser said respectable hakkem was drafted first overall in the 1984 nba draft and houston doesn't get crap for choosing hakkem the dream
Best player is Michael jordan
Yal Ming?
Rip Kobe Gigi and the rest of the passengers sending prayers and condolences to their families and friends, sending prayers to you and your family and everyone GOD bless you and your family and everyone
Bro how did nobody pick D rose?
James you spelled Dirks last name wrong 🤦‍♂️
Derek rose?
Why not jayson tatum
wtf they forgot bill russel
Nikola Jokic that high though
Chris should have drafted Stockton instead of cp3 for sure, especially with the team he had at the point
I know they did not just pick jokic that high
Who is Isaiah Thompson 13:43
Please Do More Vids Like This, I Really Liked This One, Also I Am Kind Of Surprised No On Picked Vince Carter
Vince carter?
13:36 isiah thompson?
BRUH HOW DID NO ONE PICK LARRY BIRD
The fact that no one picked dwyane wade does not make sense too me
Bron not better Dan Jordan
All these mf all time drafts don’t have mj goin first it pisses me off
Nobody gonna talk about how prime Derrick rose wasn’t picked
Nah y'all really forgot about Kareem?
Bro they spelled the names wrong so many time 😂
No one picked Bill Lambier ahhhhhhh but at least Kris picked Isiah Thomas
I counted so many grammatical errors lmao
I loved this, great video James
Oscar Robertson, DR.J, Vince Carter
LeBron over mj smh
not picking karl malone and oscar robertson is a shame.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=MRmXXx6hn04&t=76s&ab_channel=Supermariohoops24
Lebron over Jordan😭
I thought someone of them would take Zion Williamson
Why not Allen inversion lol
No respect to 9th best player of all time according to ESPN. The Big O, Oscar Robertson.
JieL
Personally I think Jesse won the draft
Big W Jeff definitely deserved the win
Kris first pick was the second best player of all time
No one picked D Rose
Kris Messed up his team when he added CP3 he should’ve put A.I instead
No one picked Karl Malone oml
PUT THE TEAMS IN 2K AND SIM !!
Do people forget about Yao Ming
My all time starting 5 would be PG Magic SG Kobe SF Jordan PF Lebron Center Kareem
I’m shocked Oscar Robertson wasn’t snagged
everyone forgot Dwade
no way kris put lebron over jordan 💀
what about Vince carter
I was screaming for messer to pick John Stockton he would compliment those scorers so well
Rizzel why did you call  russ/ westbrick
D Rose 🌹 im suprised noone took him
Jeff and kris win this
Kawhi went too late
The fact that prime Dwight isn’t on here is crazy to me
No Vince carter?
No one chose Dr. J? That hurts me
Jeff has the best team and it’s not close
Did I miss it or did nobody pick Karl Malone?
no Damian Lillard or Allen Iverson these mfs are all casuals🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
So they just didn’t want to pick dr j?
I know we all hate Karl Malone but I think he should be here
Jeff’s team is crazy
Put these teams in 2k
I just don't know how jeeser did not win he didn't even get top 3 robbery
The fact that y’all didn’t pick up bill Russell
Bro these people have no basketball knowledge. Drazen petrovich was picked mover bill russel. Please tell me
Gary Payton??
LeBron is not the greatest of all time he is to over rated the greatest of all time is Michael Jordan
Bro somebody tell me how this man got LeBron Giannis and KD on the same team
There should be way more of these online, so far this is the third I've found on YouTube
GSTQ choked picking jokic because of his overated
Karl Malone not being picked was crazy
Bro when you say lebrons the goat😂
Jeff has the best team
Dwight Howard?
Jordan > LeBron
I thought jesse’s team would’ve won that
No Andrew Wiggins I’m just 😲
No prime d rose
Prime Wes🧱
why did no one pick allen iverson?
I love ur vids keep on the good work
Johnny Johnny Johnny……
I’m taking Ron Artest
Kyrie over Chris Paul for chemistry with lebron and overall better player
"I love length and strength" - LSK. He just sets himself up everytime
To this guy really said lebron is the greatest player of all time
How did no one pick 36 secon Tracy mgrady he’s the best player of all time he would have averaged like 800 a game
How did Kobe go 4th and not 2nd
Russel Westbrook was so late
Jeff had the best team imo
Nikola Jokic isn’t in nba 75   But he should be
jessies team was definitely the best it was so well rounded and realistically would of beaten anyone else’s team
Happy 27th Birthday Jiedel ( July 7 )
The Dr.J disrespect gotta stop ✋
No prime Derrick rose?!?!
2hype never fails to entertain me btw pls bring back the trampoline dunk contest
Happy birthday
What about PG and Big O a top 3 pg of all time
NO KARL MALONE NO MOSES MALONE????????
Jiedel ruined 2hype
Sahquille O’Neal💀
Penny hardaway should’ve been picked
Russell Westbrook????
Yao?
Bro how no ONE took russ on the okc
Happy birthday james/jiedel
you did not just call lebron the goat over jordan
I watched it when it came out. But now you should put into 2k to see who has the better team
When the lame kids with a lot of followers make an all time NBA draft.
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates.. 🟥
Karl Malone, Big O, Gary Payton bruh
They put Isaiah Thompson 😭😭😭
My opinion about kris changed so much after he called Lebrun the goat
HAPPY BIRTHDAY JAMES 🎉🥳
kris:Im gonna take the goat Jordan: guess he is taking me Kris:Im picking lebron james Jordan:HUH
No D 🌹
Jeff team stacked
Michael jordarn KEK
Ray Allen is the second best shooter of all time
"ive never seen Giannis and Lebron on the same team" All Star Games: Am i a Joke to You?
no one chose oscar robertson or walt frazier let alone i feel like derrick rose and dame vince carter are better then some of these guys picked
The fact no one voted for jesses team really shows these dudes know absolutely nothing about basketball
Russell westbrick over Dwayne wade💀💀💀💀💀
kris team would shit on every other team. the chem would be insane between bron and giannis
WHERE IS BILL RUSSEL
BRO PRIME DROSEEEEEEEEE
This is what happens when casuals draft. So many better players left off
Where is Julius Irving and Clyde drextler
Damn took long as hell to pick AI!!!! He is the 00s goat !!!
No “Big O” or “Mailman”  ?
Tracy McGrady in the final round?
Karl Malone!, Dr. J, Penny Hardaway, Gary Payton, Shawn Kemp, Clyde Drexler, Dominique Wilkins,
How did Karl Malone not even get mentioned ik his personal life is bad but his top 20 of all time
Super fun vid! Were the many typos intentional though?
No Dame???
Nobody took Karl Malone L
My is Better then Lebrun
Johnny by far had the worst starting 5. The slowest starting 5 ever
no karl malone?
by the thumbnail i wasnt gonna watch it but it turned out to be a really good video (kris should have won)
The fact these guys act like it's obvious that Lebron is the GOAT is pretty disrespectful, and honestly just sad
James with the Nintendo switch sounds 🤣🤣🤣
Steph going third overall is crazy stupid
I was waiting for somebody to say Tracy
I guess oscar robertson fucking died
any time i see someone say lebron is better than mj i cringe
Kriss should of picked manute bol because he is tall
I would have chose rookie Derrick Rose for the 1 guard.
Bill Russell????
bill russell and oscar robertson bro.
If Micheal Jordan saw this video and saw that Kris picked Lebron first we all know what he would say.”I took that personal.”Accurate?
Alex English so underrated.
How did the goat fall to 5th lmao
These fools selling out way too hard on the recency bias
Bro where’s the best dunker of all time and a good shooter Vince carter at!
Klay over ray Allen is crazy
karl malone just sitting here lol
God save the squad has the weakest team
I’m surprised no one said Allen Iverson
God bless Jesus loves and God has a plan for all have a blessed day dope vid
Curry top 3 😂😂😂 please
What about Dr J?????
It's actually so impressive when a YouTube sponsorship is so entertaining that I don't want to skip through it
Jonny had a real GM picked team
Where Karl at
I would pick mj first
No disrespect on the dead legend but how does A.I. and Oscar Robertson not get picked
No prime D Howard
I would have fucked on everybody’s team y’all were straight lacking
Allen inverson was getting slept on wtf
Oscar and rose snubbed
The order in which these dude’s selected these players make me question how much some of them know about basketball
The idea of the video and the editing are amazing. I really enjoyed this video.
Man picked drazen over dr j. Smh
Oscar Robertson???????
Prime Derrick rose was insane some body should of picked him
Where is Kyle kuzma am I right
I think jesses team was best
I was legit thinking of Yao Ming when Jesse called him
The disrespect to Russell Westbrook is absolutely insane
It really took them that god damn long to pick bill Russell! And Kris said that he probably wouldn’t play much! He is a top ten player of all time!
What about prime d rose
Someone should have picked prime d rose
Allen inverson????
pov:you are looking Karl Malone
kyrie a good pick idk why they so against him
1:00 boy ain’t no way boy😂
Why did allen iverson get picked so late
Hay Kris I had a dream that mj was the goat I never woke up
5:00
LeBron 102% the best
"Dirk Nowitski"
all casuals
I think its funny that travs hat is the wrong way and johnnys is right.
im picking 2001 iverson no cap
I loved that Chris Bosh pick
Give Me  PG: Pistol Pete  SG: Larry Legend SF: KD PF: Giannis  C: Shaq  6th: TMAC
Dwayne Wade is so disrespected
DRAZEN PETROVIC?????
Can’t believe they forgot about Rose😢
Jesse literally had the best starting 5 y’all tripping
Ain’t no way nobody picked prime d rose
Vince Carter was sadly forgotten
How Yao Ming tho
Derrick rose for point would have been ok
They forgot about prime Derrick rose
They really need to put some respect on ai and doctor j
Sheesh
Jesser’s fun fact is wrong jordan averages the most points per playoff game
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE THE FACT YOU FELLAS AGREE THAT LEBRON “THE KING👑 ” JAMES  IS THE GOAT🙌⚡️‼️‼️‼️
How you going to tak Reggie Miller and Harden before Ray Allen?? Come on now
they have no basketball knowledge
The true goat mj shoulda gonna 1st
Where is Vince carter
I need russ
5:24 Michael Jordarn😂
Why was I thinking prime Russ the whole time
Saying Scottie better than Kawhi is wild
13:41 ISIAH THOMPSON
Did Dame just not get picked???? 💀
Part 2?
jiedel really put westbrook as “the brick” 💀
Bro at half of the video I got mad because Jeremy Lin and mutumbo didn’t get pick
Kris knows what he’s talking about
Wonder why no one picked Karl Malone lmao
what makes y’all think luka should’ve been top 75 😭😭
Somebody should have used Vince Carter
No D Rose or big O!!  James put these teams into 2K and sim the season with all the guys there
Nice
Put all these teams in 2kxand sim a season
Part 2 with the teams in 2K?
NO STEVE NASH????
no big O or dr J, wow
jokic even being on this list is a crime
Shaq? KG? Both fell
you guys should’ve taken the teams to 2k smh
Don’t use Gods name in vain
No Vince Carter?
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting you with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
ISiAh ThOmPsOn. 🤣 lmao
So y’all just go now completely forget about Orlando magic Dwight Howard y’all r weird
Some of yall gotta brush up on yall NBA history.
Absolute casuals bro 😂
Where is prime Drose
You should put these teams in 2k and see who wins
no t mac
MVP Season Russ?
Lowkey Steve Kerr cause he can shoot and he can also run the game as a player and help coach the team
Michael jordan is the goat hands down
You guys should do a 2Hype chopped but all super fancy ingredients like lobster and truffle and stuff
No one picked Oscar Robertson
T Mac?
No Shaq that’s crazy
kyrie is better than half of those guys. give that man his respect
Damn Kris said LeBron was the goat
I’m on my moms acount but this was def the best video yet bro
kevin garnett  moses malone  karl malone oscar robertson where are thou
Prime Russ?
I know it was still the second pick but Jeff really got a steal with MJ
ai
you guys have to do a part 2, where you do a tournament style 2k matchup with these teams.
8:52
.
Prime Oscar Robertson and mvp season Derrick rose deserved to be here
5:29 he put Michael jordarn
yes sirrr kris legoat
They picked too many current players compared to the legends that are there
the fact Mcgrady and Robertson didn’t get picked hurts me
Call me crazy but I definitely woulda picked up mvp D rose
Karl Malone not even being mentioned is wild, Ik he’s a terrible person but he’s a top 25 player of all time😂
these guys don't know basketbal
This the best video I’ve seen James make
the fact that bill russell fell that hard is ridiculous
people kept they needed shooter and kept passing ray allen klay got picked before ray and ray is the best shooter of all time
I liked Jeff’s team till he picked embiid would’ve taken bill russell there
Jeff really said team USA with Giannis on it
Have they ever heard of Kevin Garnett
How does none of u pick ja ja
Iverson?
no way this mf kris said manyou ginobili
Jordan is way better than Lebron
This house doesn’t know basketball
The fact that prime D rose wasn’t picked
This is a great video idea to do on 2HYPE NBA All Time Draft! In this video in life right know today for us only okay
Johnny took Draymond  green over Vince carter
micheal jordan is the best in the game
Why not bill russel
Trav is the Kevin Mchale of these drafts… only some ppl will know what i mean
Where is klay
The disrespect to D. Wade is crazy
they need to have a corn hole tournament
Same video but with a different crew …this was awesome
Johnny team solos
Kris got robbed
Michael Jordan >> LeBron
Got to put these teams in 2k
“The greatest player of all time, LeBron James”💀
no tracy mcgrady ia crazy
You should have let them trade players
Giannas curry
Sorry I love y’all but these picks were so out of line also idk if he deserves it but it hurt to see dame get left out
Kareem...
Imagine not picking Karl Malone in an NBA all time draft..
MJ is greatest all time
Yao Ming should've definitely been in the top 75 of all time
Allen iverson really late
Oscar Robinson probably wasn't even on the list
y’all forgot how hood prime westbrook was
Kay tizzy over ray allen?
Jesser got robbed in the voting he had the best team
Johnny knows his history 💯
why did nobody take oscar??? man’s averaged a triple double for a season and honestly i’m surprised nobody would’ve taken that version of him
People are complaining but there’s so many good NBA players to make a list of 6 lol
how did they not pick dr.J
kris such a clown lol
What no Vince Carter
Damn I was kinda upset they didn’t play these teams out smh that was a waste of 14 minutes 😔
I SAT ON MY CHAIR AND SCREEM ON MY COMPUTER PICK PRIME D ROSE FOR THE HOLE DRAFT
Derrick rose?
Jeff got Michael Jordarn and Michael Jordam, not Michael Jordan
Seems like a miss Jeff’s team wasn’t The Bui Crewy
No dame crazy
pistol Pete end Toni kucoc
None pick dame😢
Y’all picked Jokic and Embid over Bill Russel
So many actual good players not taken.  They are such casuals… Karl Malone, Oscar Robertson, etc…. Like what😭😭
Bruh 4 of the ppl in this video are not 2hype😂
No one picked Vince carter?
That aint how you spell nowitzki
L vid
Really like Johnnys team
A bit of an anticlimactic ending.
Jesse should have taken rodman
Where is Paul pierce
No way Oscar Robertson didn’t get drafted
Put them in 2k and have a 2k tournament with the teams they drafted
Frick you Chris mj is twice as good as Lebron
I can’t believe you didn’t choose ray allen in the first 4 rounds
Nobody picked the glove 🥲
NOBODY GOT VINCE CARTER
petrovic...
Jeff starting 5 💥💥💥 LETS GO HOMEEEE 82-0#
Where is Karl Malone?????????
How did no one draft Dwight??
Where is Derrick Rose
The fact that Klay, reggie, Harden, West, Allen and CP3 got picked over Wade hurt me
WestGoat
Definitely put the teams in 2k! Kris has the best team tho.
hear me out, okc pg
Jeff knows his NBA legends
lebron james the goat nah bro Michael is the goat he had a better prime he does not call himself the goat like lebron does michael earns
Weird that no one picked Allen Iverson
why did no one pick dame dollar
Where’s Karl Malone and Moses Malone, Doctor J, Oscar Robertson
imo you should’ve had zack in this over rizzle, seems like he only really watches todays game and doesn’t really know the history
OK MY NBA ALLTIME DRAFT AT 1 STEPHEN CURRY AT 2 RAY ALLEN  AT 3 KOBY BRYANT AT 4 KEVIN DURANT AT 5 GREEK FREAK GANNIS SOMEBODY DO THIS WITH ME AND SEE WHO HAS THE BETTER TEAM
This literally the worst all time draft on YouTube. PERIOD.
I think Stockton is really over looked
These comments are actually WILD😂
Damien lilllard in the corner 🙁
The disrespect to Duncan is crazy
Shouldve played 2k with these teams
How did draymond and chris bosh end up on a team and oscar robertson didn’t
No drose??
Kris did not just take lebron and call him the goat…delusional
Y'all on Drugs Mj is the GOAT
My lineup PG Stephen curry Sg Tracy Mcgrady Sf Larry Bird Pf Lebron James C Wilt Chamberlain I pick bird over kd because kd is not enough for my all time
Bill Russell, Allen Iverson and Oscar Robertson got disrespected
Mans took drazen petrovic over Oscar Robertson, isiah Thomas, Stockton, and iverson
and kris messed up his team with the first pick
Jeff got a god squad starting 5
Bruh Johnny's spacing is horrific, he's starting Barkley, Hakeem, and Kareem, double bigs is good when one of them can actually stretch the floor
i was so mad when the were not picking tmac
I thought Derek rose would be picked
Jeff has the best team
Kris was my favorite person in 2hype until he said Kenton James best of all time wrong MJ all the way
Picking draymond just pisses me off
We need more videos like this
Suprised Gary Payton didn’t go
i’m kinda mad that doctor j didn’t get picked
For people who claim to know a lot about basketball these are some shitty picks
Clicked off the vid when I heard goat and lebron in the same sentence
Isiah Thompson 😂 13:34
Part 2 putting all teams in 2k??
no one picked prime magic dwight howard wow
Go and watch some matches from the 80s and 90s. Drafting James Harden over Jason Kidd etc. Kris Drafting only current players.... Hope they play man rules, so his team goes 15 - 67 🤣🤣🤣
prime mvp derrick rose
As terrible of a guy as he was Karl Malone should have been picked in this draft no question
No KG, Garry, or Oscar😭
Kris's team is insane
how did no one pick prime d rose
Bro if I was there my team would’ve been so stacked if I pick at the 3-4 spot and Jesse missed with Yao shouldve and thowafd
Lot of people forget Hakeem can shoot a little bit so good pick from Johnny
No pete Maravich and bill Walton is crazy
Jeff took the GOAT at 2😱
Bruh some of these picks are horrible
rizzle doesn’t know sh!t
Karl Malone????
Kris really took LeBron first over MJ, holy casual 🤣💀
You should take these teams out them in 2k and do a playoffs with all of those teams the winner should get a mystery prize
Ain’t no way that no one picked the one and only Allen Iverson
bro everybody has their real names on the board and for russ he puts the brick , the slander is crazy bruh
Karl Malone???
What happened to the mailbox Karl Malone that is just insanity just cause he played for the jazz
W video
2k simulation please
allen iverson, oscar robertson, and y is doncic there lol
how nobody pick big O
Drose not being picked is wild
Bro they completely forgot about vince carter
Such diss to Dwight
Why did no one drafted Allen Iversen
My draft pick  1.lebron 2.magic jhonson 3.shaq o’neal  4.steph curry 5.luka doncic  6.giannis  7.wilt chamberlin 8.tim duncan  My starting5  Pg:magic jhonson Sg:steph curry Sf:lebron Pf:tim duncan  C:shaq o’neal
Bron wouldn’t even be relevant in the 80’s and 90’s
This dude really think Lebron is greatest of all time how sad
I am sorry but Jeff definitely won by far
MJ all day
Wade disrespect is absolutely nuts
More of this PLEASE !!!
easily kris team wins
It’s not Russell Westbirck dum dum git it right Russell Westbrook
im so surprised no one took Vince carter
You guys even watch basketball ? How you eff up the first pick and the entire first round
W vid
*Players drafted too LATE* (my opinion) ----------------------------------------------------- - Oscar Robertson #Undrafted (NOT DRAFTED? Drafting JASON KIDD and Kyrie Irving over Oscar Robertson is CRAZY) - BILL RUSSELL #36 (what the hell should be an easy top 15 pick ATLEAST) - Larry Bird #11 (should be a top 6-8 pick) - Tim Duncan #14 (should be a top 8-10 pick) - Kareem # 7 (Should have been 3rd-5th pick) - Kevin Garnett #Somewhere in the 30's (Top 5 PF of all time, right there with Duncan and Dirk, Top 20 draft pick for sure 20-25)   *Players drafted too EARLY* (my opinion) ------------------------------------------------- - Stephen Curry #3 (Definitely not a bad pick, but 3rd overall isn't the bets especially for building a team around when you have better players available - Nikola Jokic #10 (This was a bad pick, perhaps Rizzle is just a casual lol) - Charles Barkley #18 (Barkley is not a bad pick but the pairing of Kareem, Olajuwon and Barkley is suspect. Especially when there is great SF's available) - Scottie Pippen (Just a little bit too early, Rizzle is a certified casual) - Giannis (Too early, in my opinion I'd PERSONALLY rather draft someone like Garnett)  and more but this is all just my opinion  Overall a great video. Would like to see this done again, perhaps with some better GMs 🤣   Another thing I noticed is pretty much everyone just drafted good players, rather than building a team and trying to make it a compatible team. For example Johnny's team lacks a LOT of spacing, and would be a very crammed offensive fit.
Make this a series it would be great to watch.
I LOVE JEFF
We’re was A.I he is better than a lot of people they picked
Taking KG that late is crazy
Total disrespect to Allen Iverson.
No way jokic went before Timmy d
MJ>Bron
The disrespect on big O is crazy
I agree that Jeff won
wtf why didnt they run these teams in 2k?
What happened to Julius Erving?
Ranking The Teams: 6 Johnny- Too many bigs for today's game, spacing will be terrible 5 Jesser- Too many ball dominant players and noticeable defensive weaknesses outside of Kawhi 4 Rizzle- Team would play well, but lacks physicality and good defense outside of Pippen 3 Kris- Most well-rounded team but having LeBron, Giannis and Durant play together is questionable 2 Trav- Just really good all around 1 Jeff- Jordan with a team player like Duncan and Larry as a secondary scorer with Stockton to dish it out?! Say Less.
Jesser got snubbed for 1st
W vid
Lord plz Ik u have the $ can u fix the smudge plzzz 😭 great video tho love the consistent content 🙌🏽
Kris started so strong and just slowly went downhill
No way karl malone didnt get picked
Woah, just realized no one took Dwyane Wade
it's a crime Jason kidd, Nash, etc was picked over prime d rose😂😂😂😂
Chris Paul is a great guy to build around
You should put each team in my league
Worst draft I’ve ever seen
Pls put in 2k
Pls put in 2k
Travis team is trash asf
This was maybe the best vid I have ever watched
put these teams on 2k and make them play each other
Jesse should have taken Mutombo instead of Yao in my opinion
Y’all are always swallowing LeBron
They forgot about Karl Malone
The greatest of all time is MJ
How did no one pick kg
Huge missed opportunity not putting these in 2k
Have to do a 2k tourney with these teams and sim it to see who wins
i dont know how to spell the last name
kris should have picked mount montobo
There’s no way Kris said the goat was Lebron the goat is Jordan
Next they need to play w/ these teams
I thought they would of ended with a part 2 and they were going to take there teams in to 2k😂
Jesse-I need defense. Bill Russel-Am I a joke to you?
Kyrie and Westbrick over Dame? That’s just disrespectful that Dame didn’t get selected
Vince cater :(
I gonna name all the nba players that they missed. Karl Malone,Oscar Robertson Vince carter, prime Dwight Howard,Dominique Wilkins, Walt Frazier Paul pierce,George gervin, tony Parker,artis Gilmore,James worthy, Kevin Michael, Gary Payton, and I could go on on on...
I can’t believe they didn’t pick Bill Russell as the one of the first 3
Should. Do a YouTube hooper draft pick.
Run this in 2k and see who wins
So mad that kris said that lebron it the best of all time! He’s fucking not! Jeff did the right thing to pick MJ. Because MJ IS the GOAT. But at the same time respect for his second pick to be Giannis. But….. Nikolia Jokage should not have been before Giannis
Prime Drose ✨
James your editor has to be trolling bro there’s no way you have 1M subs and are releasing this bro💀💀
My 1st pick would be GIANNIS
Jeff’s team>
So i am a celtics fan but i think this is a fair opinion to say Bill Russell could have been picked earlier
Bill Russell
Pleasantly surprised that Elgin was picked, he was always snubbed in most drafts ive seen. But still mad that the Big O was snubbed, a man literally hailed by even Elgin's teammate Jerry West as the best player during their era.
I like this idea
Bo Cruz
These guys are such casuals… no hate
I wanted to compliment you on your very intriguing thumbnail, it’s always really cool to see someone else’s perspective on interesting topics like this, and thank you for the video :)
MJ is the goat
yeah you can tell rizzle doesn't really know what he's doing 🤣🤣
You guys should have put this in 2k
I would like to see these player be simulated in 2k
Y did they not pick Karl malone
Ai!!!!!!!
No one picked John Havlicek
Bill Russell being picked so late hurt my chest, I thought for a second he wasn’t getting picked.
So many TYPOS james pisses me off. I’m just trolling keep up the good work on the vids!
I’m gonna take a hard disagree with Lsk Jordan is the greatest of all time
LSK is clearly the Best
LeBron James is nothing compared to mj
Mine would be  PG prime D rose SG magic Tmac SF raptors Vince carter PF larry bird C lakers Shaquille O’Neal  6 healthy Zion willamson  7 John Stockton  8 2016 klay 9 prime Paul George  10 76ers Moses malone
Great First Pick LSK, THE GOAT 💯💯
jordan>james
MY SOUL SEEING SHAQ NOT GETTING DRAFTED TILL LIKE THE 30th ROUND
Jiedel: Michael *Jordam* Also Jiedel: Michael *Jordarn*  You had one job….
Suprised no one chose Damian lillard
How was Pete Maravich was only mentioned once at the end of the draft is devastating.   R.I.P🪦 he was a real one
Ratio MJ is the Goat
Love that Jeff picked Duncan.. but why add Ray Allen? Does he not know about 2013…???????
i thought karl malone was good
Why did it take so long for a top 10 player of all time bill Russell to get drafted
SUCH CASUALS FR. How did Duncan get picked so late and how did Steph get picked 3rd 😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹😹
I was thinking bill rus would go so much higher
No Bill Russel? Lol
Wade going that low is so incredibly disrespectful wow
No one chose dwayne wade
Instead of Joel Embiid Jeff should of chose Dikembe Mutumbo
The fact no one picked MVP, triple double, NBA all 75, NBA champion Oscar Robertson… just shows how little ball some of these guys know
JORDAN......
My all time starting five is ( pg curry sg kobe sf mj pf LeBron c o” Neal
Love this vid I think jesses team is best
I don't know how bill Russell fell THAT far Kris was really lucky to get him wow
Bro Draymond killed it this year wdym not as good as now
Bro kris i am on ya ass u didn’t js say lebron james the goat
Prime D-Rose got absolutely snuffed
Jesse should of won
bro this video was highkey intresting. definitely a banger and shocking that CP3 got drafted over T-Mac
Bill Russell? Why so late
Allen iverson
James put in 2k
Gotta put these games in 2k and simulate
The greatest player of all time Lebron James - 🤓🤓🤡🤡🦒🦒
No karl Malone?
cant beleive nobody picked oscar robertson lol
The Ray Allen hate it crazy Johnny we got beef now 🥩
I’m waiting for prime Westbrook or prime boogie to get picked
No prime D rose??😳😳
Did anyone realized James spelled Shaq wrong
Put the teams in 2k and do a tournament
The disrespect for MVP D Rose 🌹
WHERE IS VINCE CARTER!?
Jeff’s team was stackkkked
How tf was Karl Malone not picked?
Rizzle Rare W
Put them in 2k
Why was bill Russell picked so late
No one is going to pick ray Allen or klay Thompson or Jordan Poole or the 6 foot Isaiah Thomas
You guys should do more vids like this!!
NO ONE PICKED DAMN DR J! Like come on!
Throw them in 2k jeidel!! Already looking forward to the video!
I do t think anyone took the big o Oscar Robertson
What about howard
yeah I was about to say jeff better win.
Peja stojakovic you didn’t draft him
You Guys Should Of Put These Teams In 2k That's What I Thought You Guys Were Going To Do
Bill Russell in my opinion is a top 3 player ever and he was drafted in the late 6th round and he has 11 RINGS
Who would take Dwayne wade over Allen Iverson and John Stockton
do this but a 2k tournament
Do Bill Russel and Kevin Garnet not exist? lol
Love Jesse team because he drafted STEVE NASH
y did  lamelo balll not get drafted
Bro said scottie pippen was the lebron of the 90's
W vid idea James
are we going to ignore that DR J did not get drafted
James for your next vid put these teams in 2k and see how they turn out
No way draymond and klay were taken😂😂😂😂😂
Dr j ?? Casuals
How’d no one pick Oscar Robertson lol
AI lasted wayyyyy too long
no way kris’s first 3 ppl would do good together cuz they are all superstars and can’t and don’t want share the spotlight
Reggie miller and Klay Thompson over Ray Allen??
13:40 Isiah Thompson???
Pls pls pls put this in 2k and see who wins
Khris had the team I was gon pick
We gonna ignore the fact they spelt Shaquille o’neal wrong
how ppl say lebron is better than mj when mj won scoring title like 5 yrs in a row and also 3 in a row went to play baseball, and still came back and claimed the scoring title for 5 yrs in a row? logic? and lebron has only 1
Sick video
PRIME D ROSE SMH
Should have picked Prime Dwight who isn’t on the list
would be cool if you simulated the team on 2k22 after
Jokic the goat
The fact that dwade wasn't picked is insane
How Karl Malone ain’t get drafted but bosh and Rodman and green do
No Karl Malone?
Where's dame?????
They have no basketball knowledge it’s kinda funny to watch
Holy casual LMAO
Rizzle must not watch a lot of ball. But that’s okay.
I love how they forgot about Bill Russell for so long.
I'm surprised Karl Malone wasn't drafted
Did any one else notice that James spelled Jordan with an m at the end
No one picked pistol Pete
13:32 Kris: Prime Isaiah Thomas  Screen: Isaiah Thompson
Jsr had the best team
Aint no way KG pick in 9th round bruh.
What happend to lamelo ball
Who NOT taking KD over Larry Bird is the better question?
I’m shocked lebum just went #1 pick and it’s all time
Lebron GOAT no no no what he went was Michael Jordan #🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐🐐
LeBron ain’t the goat it’s MJ but he’s up there
The fact that Jeff won and Jesse didn't receive a vote is mind blowing 😂
How to say you been watching basketball for about 10years, without saying you have only been watching it for 10 years. -> These guys lol.  Insane disrespect towards some legends.
How did Kareem go so late……
Bro put Isaiah Thomas as Isaiah thompson
put them in 2k!
My respect for lsk 📉
Steph at 3. Kareem at 7. Jokic at 10. These casuals.🤣 JOKIC AT 10..
since they have a team you should do 2k with the teams 🤷🏽‍♂️
How did no one pick Chris Webber or penny hardaway
I’m Ngl Khris first 3 picks were elite team could’ve been so much better 😂😂
So Westbrick over Lillard really. The disrespect
We need a 2k tournament of all these teams
How did bill russel fall that far he’s top 5
KG falling is a crime
How did bill russel fall that far he’s top 5
Karl?
How did bill russel fall that far he’s top 5
I thought they will play 2k
What about zion
no one picked d rose ??
Lsk lineup 📈
Hmmm did keep a buck stream influence this?
put these teams on 2k and see who would win a championship
Put the teams in 2k
Horrible choices where is derck rose where is paul pierce dwight  dr J AI was like in the last round🤦‍♂️
Dr.J?
Dominic Wilkins ? Spud Webb?
This is so Fire jiedel
What idiots taking Embid and Barkley over Bill Russell.
Was waiting for someone to pick prime DRose..
Pls put teams in 2k
Jesse should of drafted Dwight Howard over ming
Anyone else notice they accidentally put Isiah Thompson
how the f dus kris pick lebron isted of jordan
Johnny thinks he knows what he’s talking about but doesn’t
Imagine this....but with YOUTUBE HOOPERS👀
Michael Jordan is the goat and everyone knows this so he should have definitely been number 1
Bro Jeff’s team is Fire!
1 Corinthians 10:31 we as 31 So whether you eat or drink or whatever you do, do it all for the glory of God.🙏🏽
Yeah so we will never agree on shit, no one will ever be the GOAT or what not when it comes to the NBA along with sports, AGE will always be the number one factor in how to people opinionate on these kinds of stuff.
The fact Gary Payton was not selected is INSANE
Oscar Robertson? Vince Carter?
“sahquile o’neal”
How did bill russel get picked so late
No vince carter man
No one picked the mailman?
giraffe = goat
I’m suppprised no took pistol pete
Rizzle was on one the entire video
Next video I am trying to see these teams in 2k lol
Klay over Ray Allen and CP3 over Jerry west and AI and Steve Nash. What is Chris on
“michael jorDARN” lol
where’s AI
Why he got to disrespect Russ like that and I’m going with Kris team
Should do this again with different people every time.
i actually cant believe big o wasnt picked thats insane i literally have him top 20
This draft was fucking horrible. Jokic over so many all time centers???????? Giannis over tim Duncan????????? Obviously extreme bias towards current day players.
The “Michael Jordam” is killing my OCD 🤣
Orlando Dwight?
Dang I loved this vid
Disrespect to fn russ is crazy y causals
Magic Johnson is better than Steph, I’m shocked they were surprised
The Bill Russell and Dr. J disrespect. Do these people even know basketball???
Put these teams in nba 2k and see who wins more!!!!
Bill russel was so late
these are sooo good keep doing these!!!
Where’s dr J😂
We’re is Oscar Robertson and Karl malone
🔥🔥🔥
W vid
The climate crisis is important and urgent La crisis climática es importante y urgente,
The fact nobody picked up Oscar Robertson baffles me
How is luka top 75
Turn there draft teams, into 2k 82-0 teams for next video
Who else was screaming to pick Bill Russell
These are some terrible drafters 😂😂
Were is karl malone
i feel like jesse sometimes has no clue what he is talking about in basketball
Jessers team would’ve dominated
hi
Tracy Mcgrady
Kris taking L’s selecting lebron first
Jeff called Kris team USA when he had Giannis hahah
Put these teams in 2k
Do YouTube basketball players draft
Lol lost me Michael number 1 all day lebron cool but ain’t no Jordan 😅😅
Mj1 Kobe2 Lebron3 Thats my top 3
Bro LeBron 2 spots 2 high😂😂😂
I love “Michael Jordam”
Hi James! I love your videos!
"MAnYU GInObLyi"-kris
@Jiedel Do this but with best 2k overall all time
did anybody else notice "isaiah Thompson" and "scottie pipen"
Put the teams in 2k and see whose team is the best
I was waiting for TMac to get drafted and was doubting if he was even gonna get drafted, my favorite player of all time
Rookie d rose
Pt 2
Here within an hour ticket
Bill Russell??
T mac
Where tf is Dr J
“Isaiah Thompson”
He spelled Jordan Jordam
Michael Jordan>lebron james
Nobody took the Big O!?
Bill Russell got shit on this video
I love jiedel
The disrespect to d rose man, also dude to the left of kris had god awful picks.
MVP D Rose
W Rizz in the chat
Where is prime D rose?
I love this video, nice job guys with this video and all the rest
Dr J and Moses are two of the most underrated players in NBA history
Someone should have picked prime Dwight Howard
Can’t believe that no one pick dr.j
I think Jesse should of onw
it is a character its kit but he does have his robot
❤️❤️❤️❤️
Nobody picked vc or dame or prime Dwight
Jesser Kris Trav Jeff Johnny  European guy (idk his name)  They all are really good teams and it surprised me, but Jeff was my 1 with his top 3 and then really messed up   Edit: NO WAY JESSE DIDNT GET ANY VOTES!!!!
James really put the brick for Russ that was out of pocket funny
Mj the goat not lebron
Great video Jiedel
video fye🔥
Bro oscar Robertson and how the ---- was anthony Davis picked way before KG
More of this but International players
Riz should never be invited back
I like kris or Jeff team a lot 🔥🔥🔥
Jeff had the best squad easily
Bill should’ve been picked in the second round 🤦🏻‍♂️
Kris Actually thinks Lebron is better than Michael and Kobe wow
No Dr.J
Jeff getting high-key disrespected out here. I got his team winning, half of that team is full of GOATS
Jiedel looking nice though. Ahh ha ha. Yo chil.
Such an awesome idea!
Prime Dwight Howard wouldnt have been a bad pick
Why did no one pick vince carter
put me in this and i'm dogging y'all's teams
imaging choosing jokic and curry over curry and giannis
Where’s Vince Carter
If kris picked Robinson over cp3 his team is insane
Lets go
Hi 2hype
🔥🔥🔥
Bill russel ?
We need it in 2k now
no Vince carter ?? 💔
MJ>lebron
Y’all disrespecting Kai he finna give all the other guards buckets on buckets
How about Vince Carter
Cavs kyrie was different his for sure top 75 and top 10 pg
D wade disrespect is out of hand in this video
Where’s Bulls Derrick Rose?
Where’s Derrick rose on the bulls
Should put these teams in 2k and have a 3 round tournament of everyone playing against each other with the players they selected
Better a videos with all their teams in 2k to see who wins it all
Man even y’all snubbed Dwight Howard
NowitZki* not NowitSki
How is draymond being picked in an all time draft
God loves you
I love ur vids
Dude had Pete Maravich and Jason Kidd over MVP westbrook lmao
My team is easily #1
Jeff had the best team
The fact that nobody picked Oscar Robertson is crazy
i dont like chris anymore im unsubcribing jitt picked lebron over jordan
Got to throw this into 2k now and see who comes out on top
Fire idea
Fire idea
No Karl Malone Also put the teams in 2k and see who has the best record
Feel like Jeff started so well with 3 top 10 players and it kinda just went weird
Bill russell is top 10 all time god pick by kris
This was so fire better call the firefighters
Kris picking Lebron 1st pick  Everyone else: Yeah I was looking to pick him, he's decent
Kobe’s a instant best team
kawhi clears scottie
Respect for picking reggie
HE PICKED JOKIC!????
Whoever tf is that god save the queen guy he don’t know nothing about basketball and shouldn’t be in here
Jeidel is Such a L
Keep grinding ❤️‍🔥❤️‍🔥
Giraffe Gang 82-0 Baby!! 🔥💪🏽
Highly esteemed?
This is a great video idea!
Bro u and Jesser always post at the same time 😂😂😂
Jessers name is 🔥
First view 😤
W video
Let's go jiedel awesome vids
Tell Jesse to make Who makes the best steak
W video Jiedel if you see this keep up the great videos. Please pin if you can!🔥🔥
I might have to click off after I see kris say lebron is the goat
Early❤️
Let’s go another video and another Basketball video, keep making fire vids man
Plug it into 2k
Third
hire me
Yessir
First
Sup
Keep grinding fam
Ayyy drodel my man
What’s up
W
I already know this will be full of terrible takes
Awesome vid
First
Yessir amazing video love the draft vids
W video
yooooooooooooo
First
W vid
