Pierre sending ❤️he is completely right
What’s even worse is that Bianchi wouldn’t have been saved by the halo, so neither would have Gasly. The FIA really dropped the ball.
This is still so sketchy
I just came back to this. Pierre was rightfully angry here, but man, seeing Checo barely containing all his hurt and anger is really rough to watch.   Echoing the "Vettel for Director" calls. I expect Seb wouldn't want to because he has no time for the politics. He'd spend his time getting frustrated that things are constantly being made less simple than they need to be.
Nearly 3 years on this incident still gives me chills. And all the guys are justified in their fury. I was furious as well. I watched the 2014 Japanese GP live. What i saw during that race has never left me and never will. So when this happened i had major deja vu
Sky could actually bother to proof read subtitles not only because the deaf deserve what is actually being said but so that the name of the Driver Jules Bianchi RIP is at least spelt correctly and doesn’t call him Jews and jewels 🤦‍♂️ have some basic respect and self respect your not some click bait influencer news. Where are the standards? It’s not OK that you are so fine with deliver sub par subtitles for the deaf that also include mistakes that are just plain disrespectful or wrong.
You’ve got halos you wouldn’t die, stop talking about danger and that you all risk your lives it’s not the 1970s!
Vettel with the ridiculous head piece on
maybe they need another flag for vehicles on track
Fernando not seeing the tractor at all is scary. He wouldn’t even know if he died
Why is landowner laughing
drivers: "Dont put tractors on track whilst we are racing" fia: doesnt listen: "Ok lets put Photographers in the pitlane and tractors on track"
It’s disgraceful that the race somehow didn’t get a red flag until that late, when the car almost collided with it if the recovery person didn’t move the car. Did they forget the death of Jules Bianchi?
When the reporter asked why he was driving quickly under the red flag, I would've said something that would've got me fired. Utter disgrace and a complete joke that anyone could even ask that in this situation after Jules. Even if he was driving too quickly they shouldn't be laying an ounce of blame on the drivers in that scenario.  The reporter is just doing his job but someone told him to ask that question, be it his bosses or the FIA themselves. A complete failure from F1.
Does Norris take anything seriously
Motorsport is dangerous enough without this, red flag and wait for all drivers to pass the incident
God performing a miracle caught on camera right there.
Just want to hug Pierre. He seems shellshocked still. Appalling management of the situation by the FIA.
The FIA are a joke.
where’s the beacon emergency flash lights or something whatever they’re called?  u know them orange lights that spin on a truck or construction vehicle?  man that was scary pierre almost ran over a marshal at high speed in low vis 😮
Personally until the stewards sort there safety out at the Japanese Grand Prix the fia should take it off the calendar because like the drivers said 2014 we lost a great guy because of the tractor being on track could of easily happened again it’s embarrassing that the Japanese didn’t learn their lesson from 2014 when will they learn not to have the tractors on track while cars are going round doesn’t matter if they’re under safety car or not
Totally agree on Gasly. If he couldn't see a thing at all even with a double yellow or red flag and if he spun before hitting the tractor or lost the car he would be gone. Screw the FIA for not only putting the crane on the track but also blaming Gasly for the incident and giving him a time penalty in the result.
F1 is absolutely rubbish this year watched a couple of races it has got worse over the year please fix but they won’t
It's like there trying 👀👀👀👀 to make the same thing happen 👀
I have enjoyed listening to all the F1 drivers talking about the recovery vehicle after the race at Japanese grand prix and the safety on track 👣.
They should be fined and money split between the teams, works both ways
Seb   Seb   Seb   Bloody hell. His whole vibe is spot on.  I genuinely will miss him. My hero.
Thank god Pierre wasn't wearing a nose ring else it could've been much much worse...
Really really stupid. FIA are to blame. Fully. But they will pass the buck. Marshalls also risking their lives.
I don't know anything about F1 but that guy is dressed like Captain Scarlet.
Pierre couldn't have said it any better
Unnecessary help
Let's be fair gasly would have difficulty driving a diesel fiesta, obviously driving to fast.
I feel like as the popularity of the sport has grown the worst the FIA and all the decision makers has become, the FIA are becoming way move to involved it is as if they want the sport to be centred around them almost, as for blaming the driver for speeding on track, that's in very poor taste, he could be going flatout for all I care he doesn't expect to see a Tractor/Recovery Vehicle on track whilst F1 cars are still making their way back, a medical car that's different I get that but a trackor that's also poorly marked up or lit, that's terrible, same track, same conditions 8 years later as well, maybe the number 8 is a lucky number!
Think Sky Sports should apologise to Gasly. Then again if there not Brits Sky love bashing anyone. Except Lewis, I've heard they lick his arse a lot.
very poor marshalling
This has absolutely nothing to do with Gasly. Gasly was just the most outspoken. This would have been just as big of an incident for the fact that we saw multiple cars going past a crane on track in the wet. Each one of those incidents is a problem.  Disgusting gaslighting by Sky and the FIA.
Driver strike
Absolutely insane that the FIA tried to blame it on Pierre WTF
Ridiculous and disrespectful from the Marshalls! Completely unnecessary risk and just so happy nobody got hurt
Gasly talking a whole lot of nothing again though 🤦🏻‍♂️ still bang out of order what happened like how stupid can they be to allow the tractor on the track before everyone is gathered up
A bloody disgrace... especially after what happened to Bianchi at this very track!
Doing 155+ mph in the wet in poor visibility under safety car conditions is a mistake of Gasly as well, his speed was insane regardless of some bullshine "Delta" , self preservation should have told him the Delta was irrelevant, on top of that the crane shouldn't have been there either.
Jesus Christ saved them.
The fact it was Suzuka again should mean that they lose the Japanese gran prix for a year, the circuit clearly isn’t being run correctly.
why norris talks with a foreign accent i'll never know
Just blame Mo
I think japan should be changed to a warmer season. Seems like its rain season everytime they go to Japan
Gasly's an eloquent guy and is 100% correct
FIA shifting the blame to Gasly, unbelievable 🙄
Racing with that level of visibility was mad already. I was gutted that FIA allowed the race in the first place. But we all know what this is about 💵💵💵
Vettel needs to become part of the FIA to help improve things from a driver's perspective 😁
Pierre is innocent. 1 lap would have been no danger, drivers of crashed cars were out of them. The grid & teams should back him up next time out.
F1 and the fia sports in general are being ruined
The only people been in danger the marshals not Gasly
Some people blame Gasly for driving too quickly, but even if he drove at 60Kph, he still can loose the car and potentially spear into the tractor or even hit the marshal which will definitely end in the death of a marshal. So blaming Gasly for driving too fast is just stupid and only a drunkard would say.
So disrespectful to Jules.... How does this happen again.
When I come back in the living room to see if they'd removed the car yet I thought I was watching a rerun of what happened to bianchi as I seen that yellow jcb with it's boom out & a car hanging from it,I thought it was sketchy at the time so I can understand their anger
The local marshal is the first person to know about a hazard, there might be a car stopped sideways on the track (like the situation that killed Anthoine Hubert) or significant debris on-track or a marshal on-track extinguishing a fire (like the Romain Grosjean incident), the only means the local Marshal has in the first instance is those flags. If drivers choose to ignore double-waved-yellows like Gasly did (and Bianchi before him) they put everyone (including themselves) at risk.
This crane, JCB, whatever it was, should never have been there.
Sky's coverage of this was shocking.  Thankfully you had Ted And Jenson to actually talk some sense. Shame on Paul, Jonny and Karun.
Vettel’s analytic approach to this incident shows why he’d be such a good member for the FIA’s Safety team. Accidents don’t generally happen because of one decision or mistake, it’s a chain of events and all of them need to addressed. That way, if anything goes wrong with an individual decision, the other factors keep people safe
Quicky becoming a joke this sport I finished watching after last shambles
Did Jules really die for nothing. FIA listen to the fans and ignore your bank balance for once!!!
why the hell arent there lights on the tractors in this weather? Theyre on the cars so whats the excuse?
I’m interested in the FIA decision over the teams going over budget.. because soo far they haven’t taken any responsibilities and just blame others, they’ve made huge mistakes.  Another side note, if Japan is known for their poor weather and the track clearly isn’t draining the excess water away quick enough.. why hasn’t the FIA pushed for circuit improvements?!.. if it’s known to be trouble?!..
I say pull the F1 from Japan, they clearly can’t handle the event safely. No more chances
Gonna miss seb!
The fact that alonso didn’t see carlos or the crane says pretty much everything you need to know about how little visibility they had
The FIA is a joke full stop. F1 is a joke now because of the FIA. It nearly spelt like FIFA and we all know about that lot. Let's take Redbulls supposedly over spend. I gaurentte they are found innocent even if proved   they did over spend and even if found guilty the FIA will give a stupid fine or penalty. £5 fine or 3 day susspention and 0.565 points deducted from manufacturers points
Gasly could have been going slower(ie" i could have aquaplaned" )should that not say go slower? but its 75% down to FIA and stewards F1 has become a massive circus in the past years since we lost the legend that is Charlie whiting(RIP) and the americans took over what a mess and an expensive mess at that,last season i think im going to be watching
Captain Scarlet!
So Gasly thinks it’s ok to drive round under double yellows at stupid speeds risking the Marshalls life’s when they were track side but the moment his life is in danger with a truck he starts crying… He was driving like a fool regardless of the red flag! I’m not sure how people are defending him here, he should have been banned for the race!
Non racing Track vehciles should be lit up like a christmas tree. be it in bright blue skies and sunshine. or horrible coniditions. each F1 car as the Red lihg ton the back which can be seen.... theres no reason the recoverey vehciles shouldnt be.
Left out of the 5 dramatic moments video, left out of the highlights of the race.  Disgusting from F1.
Drivers today need to consider the real meaning of a Yellow Flag. And then slow down.
Strikes me that the FIA and racing control do not seem to be learning anything this year and are demonstrating more and more shockingly bad calls. F1 is supposed to be premier motorsport more like a complete and utter don't know what the hell they are doing and couldn't organise a knees-up in a distillery. We are heading from one bad season of shockingly bad calls to a second season in a row we all know what happened with Bianche this should have set a benchmark of what should happen on this track in these conditions you red flag the race then start recovery when all cars are back in the pitlane it is not rocket science.
Kimi says yeah that’s happened and.
Very nasty incident indeed - although think both FIA and Gasly at fault - FIA having tractor on circult in first place with red flag being waved - should have let all the cars pit first and Gasly for gunning it to fast during the breakdown of the car - double yellows at least followed by the Red flag - unfortunately same thing happened to Jules; going to fast for the conditions and around the incident of breakdown of the other F1 car being recovered.
“Going too fast” he could’ve gone half the speed and the outcome would’ve been horrific.
Lots of defence out there for the fact the double yellows were shown etc etc. Under normal circumstances ok, but we could all see that visibility was practically nothing but brake lights.  No way was that appropriate to get out on track and try to recover the car.  Get everyone into the pits, then do it, someone should have stepped in and said "I know what the rules say, but this is too dangerous to push ahead like normal".
And YOUR spineless pundits were victim blaming until Button put them right!
I thought Japanese people were super clever. Really guys? Do you really need another tragedy in this circuit???
Sorry, buy it's partly Gasly's fault for driving too fast under waved yellows, and then a red flag, and also partly the marshal's fault for putting the vehicle there (even if they have a job to do) so 50/50 in my books. Bianci died because he too thought he'd ignore the double waved yellows because it didn't apply to him, drivers need to use more sense in these types of conditions. This is why F1 needs better track neutralisation like in other motorsports with things like slow zones so that everyone is safe. But F1 being F1, still living in 1992.
Everyone else seemed to know it was there, Gasley was driving way faster than the others trying to catch up with the pack  He is just as much at fault for not seeing it due to his speed
F1 is too far up its own backside, they don't know their own rules and takes unnecessary safety risks.... repeatedly.
well done Sky for pulling this together. Appalling stuff from decision-makers in the FIA, race stewards etc at this race. Extra shocked to hear Alonso say he did not even see the tractor (presumably thus also the marshall trying to work right behind it) or Sainz's car. There 'has' to be reform. Will there be? Not at all sure, which saddens me all the more.
Wow, just how can this happen AGAIN. The FIA needs to be punished but by whom? Absolutely Hypocritical to give penalties and points on licence when they're unaware that a heavy vehicle is on track (in poor visibility) before the race was red flagged. Unacceptable!  The championship is won so i won't be watching another race.
Everyone mentions rain and visibility etc but that's irrelevant. It could have been literal perfect conditions, there still shouldn't be a vechicle on track unless either the cars are stopped OR they are following a safety car and are all alerted to where is it exactly well in advance and how to navigate that area it's in and even then slow all cars down to a halt pretty much behind the safety car and bring it out then so they've have several minutes to clear. If you can't do it in that time. Red flag for a little..not rocket science.
Double yellow mate your bang to rights and using jules to get out of speeding under Double yellows is an insult to his memory FACT
Another FIA fail.  If this is swept under the rug then F1 has to leave the FIA
The FIA blaming Gasly is wrong. If he had died would they still blame him? Does it take a death for them to take responsibility?
Everyone apart from gasly was behind the safety car, gasly knew where the incident was, yellow flags everywhere. The crash was not suitable for a red flag unless the barrier was damaged.  I feel this is getting blown out of proportion. Let's see what the investigation drums up. It'll be interesting reading.
FIA idiots
How many more times will the FIA show they are incompetent.
Steward laying the blame on Pierre is ridiculous. Either they allowed a tractor on track or they don't have control over their own team
The FIA just lost all it's creditability ! & then to blame driver's for not slowing down is no excuse ! Making up the rules then going against them just surmounts to been irresponsible ! But all they will do is give themselves a slap on the wrist & move on ! Well that makes it alright then !!
One word: UNACCEPTABLE . 😡
Give the Japan circuit a one race ban?
I watch Japanese Super GT racing all the time and there is always one non racing support vehicle or another on track when there has been an incident. The GT cars go flying past racing and no one seems to bat an eyelid.
I watch Japanese Super GT racing all the time and there is always one non racing support vehicle or another on track when there has been an incident. The GT cars go flying past racing and no one seems to bat an eyelid.
Sebastian for race director
I thought the death of a driver in 2014 would make the FIA rethink safety procedures, but clearly not. Absolutely unacceptable.
The drivers, together , are incredibly powerful. Simply by 5 of them marching to the FIA and demanding a answer and public apology. And I’m sure it would be more than just 5 drivers
I remember watching 2007 European grand prix and they were driving in the same conditions, the tractor was recovering the cars at turn one. But the extreme Bridgestone tyres they was using was so much better than the Pirelli's.
Silly gasly going too fast under the yellow flag, total mong
Imagine a car getting a run out of the hairpin and going round the OUTSIDE!!! Total death FULL STOP  ATROCIOUS AND THOSE RESPONSIBLE SHOULD LOSE THIER POSTS IMEDIATLY  THERE MIGHT BE A GOD AFTER ALL BECAUSE ITS A MIRACLE NOBODY DIED TODAY 👎
I note all the drivers here were only worried about themselves and not the volunteer marshals that they could have killed if they aquaplaned off.
There was a crane and marshall's on track during a yellow flag/safety car at Monza this year as well, seemed unnecessarily dangerous.
boycott the japan gp end of twice this has happened now how many deaths are needed for the FIA to work it out there as stupid as it comes in all motorsports its as if they have no idea what there doing any more just look at all the sports they cover its endless
fancy driving a car at 200mph  then drive it on ice and u pass a tractor  disgrace by FIA
The complete disrespect to all Jules’s family, friends and all the drivers is beyond disgusting. The FIA and their conduct over the last 3 seasons is ruining the integrity of the sport I love and there needs to be REAL changes within the organisation. I know I will not be spending my money on @skysportsf1 subscription anymore nor watching the awful channel 4 coverage. Shame on you FIA, F1, Liberty media.
Vettle to be race director.
"probably not enough" sums it up
Unreal this is why we have safety regs and why they can't be changed on the fly
I get why he was going at the speed he was, but to blame him for it all is ridiculous
Hugely dangerous because Gasly was going too fast. End of story.
It makes me angry that Gasly was going up to 250 kph in poor visibility & slippery conditions under double waved yellows after a safety car deployment. He knew there had been and incident and ought to have assumed marshals were beside the track but he didn't care about them he was only concerned about the presence of a vehicle that posed a risk to him.
Next year vettel need to be fia
Vettel had such a mature and veteran approach
this comes down to FIA mistake and Driver mistake. FIA have already seen and delt with a death under safety car conditions in wet weather (also at the same circuit). the rule should be now that red flag comes out to recover a car in wet conditions so that no car has chance to come into contact with machinery to move crashed cars. in dry conditions, can do it under safety car as so much more visibility and grip.  Driver mistake: Gasley knew where the crashed car was yet accelerated to 5th gear speeds to go past where the crash was being recovered under double yellow flags (someone else has said that he was going too fast under the red flag to get back to the pits was his punishment). he should of been slower coming past and ready to stop for the machinery or marshel that he could of hit as visibility was poor and would need last second decisions to avoid an accident.  Lando said it best: There isn't anything to discuss, it just can't happen again.  The FIA allowed this incident to almost happen by trying to recover the car under safety car conditions while in wet weather.
Alonso straight up saying he didn't see the tractor or the Ferrari. I mean how on Earth did the FIA think this was okay?
Gasly should have been ready to stop from the lap before when the double yellows came out. 5th gear isn't that. He was yacking on about his delta but that only applies on a single yellow and then only so long as you can see its safe. Double yellows effectively make it a situation like a road where you should be able to stop in the distance you can see because they are there to warn of people/objects on track. His actions certainly made the situation much more dangerous and he deserves his penalty for it.   Thats not to say he was the only one at fault though.   Whoever allowed that tractor on track in those conditions needs to be sacked immediately. All the cars hadn't been collected by the safety car and/or in the pits so it was sent out onto a live race track and it had no place being on a live race track in such conditions.  Ultimately it falls to the race directors to keep everyone as safe as possible and when something as basic as "don't stick 10T of big metal thing in a run off zone while the cars are still lapping" is missed they have no place running a race.   The phrase "couldn't run a bath" springs to mind.
I hear the pain in Pierre's voice. I hope the FIA listens.
FIA are becoming increasingly incompetent and inconsistent. If you make a mistake FIA, own up, correct it and learn from it.
Fia needs to be dissolved they are nothing more than political assholes who cannot accept any responsibility. I'm surprised already that drivers have not refused to race
The fact that most of the commentators were blaming gasly too, it’s a joke. The FIA still have no idea what they’re doing
Same thing happened in Italy - last laps were conducted when there was a cherry picker on track - thought F1 had learn a lesson - No racing at all when there is recovery machinery on Track for what ever reason - accidents happen in the most bazar circumstances
If the British government ran the fia..................
When are the FIA going to ban pitstops when the has been an accident that requires reovery on track,then foot to the floor"i did nothing wrong" Gasly would not have been in that sitution.
Ross Brawn has some explaining to do as to how and why it has happened again.
Sebastian found weed 💯
Sure I read somewhere that any sort of agricultural machine to serve in the gravel trap etc had to have the safety barrier thing fitted anyway ? Secondly why is a medical car not put in the danger zone with its lights flashing etc while the “safety” car actually gathers the remaining cars well before the incident ? Enough properly kitted out support vehicles to not have to come across this situation at all. Plumber not wearing a hard hat under a sink would have to fill out more paperwork than that machine driver with Uk HSE regs 🤦🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤦🏻‍♂️
F1, You are becoming a joke.
I will say that Vettel's breakdown of the situation gives a more eloquent outlook than the usual driver clichés that were going around that makes them look and sound banal. Highlighting how it was practically blunder after blunder today not just from the point of view of the tractor but the fact that they themselves haven't campaigned harder for better drainage, that Pirelli need to make better wet weather tyres, that the teams shouldn't be forced into going on the wrong tyre. It just seems so much more systematic than what is presented and how it's framed. Which probably is why he decided he was fed up with the way things were going. If he could head the GPDA for the next couple of years going from track to track to highlight the problems, that could make a hell of a difference.
What I don't like is that on TV screens we didn't see this and find out through social media - the FIA are being way too protective and oversanitising the sport/spectacle. If we had seen this on the TV screens, then we could've understood the anger but it wasn't shown. Also the way that Jules' death was more or less unseen on TV made everything seem hush-hush. People have to see how dangerous it is, they have to see the consequences or otherwise it sends the wrong signal. While I don't like this tendency to catastrophise a situation, at least if we see this on TV we can understand the drivers situation. As it stands the average person viewing (if there are any left) is going to think that these people are over-pampered whingeing prima donnas and I think that is the worst thing that can happen. The other thing is that in the conditions as they were, they probably thought that Pierre had already gone through and were given the signal to go ahead - yes they should have waited a bit longer but they were following a standard procedure.  Also, did anyone think in that moment it would've been Alpine's luck this year that they announce Gasly for next year and then gets killed at Suzuka. The irony would've been too much.
Let's not forget that Bianchi was speeding into the corner back in 2014, causing his own accident.
Red flag or double yellow? Gasly was too fast, double yellow indicates Marshals on track slow down and prepare to stop. Red flag means race is stopped and proceed to pits at a safe speed, Gasly lap delta is slower over lap distance but his speed thru the double yellow zone was too high, when jules crashed there wasn't any delay between yellow being shown and Marshalls entering the  track, there is no comparison between both scenarios, Gasly got his signals in good time, jules unfortunately did not. Gasly needs to look at himself.
Pierre is 100% right. No matter what speed he was driving, that tractor should not have been on the track until all cars had returned to the pitlane
Drivers still pushing the limits even though the red flag is waving……… “I was respecting my lap time” is the same as I was only doing the speed limit in appalling conditions ……drivers need to be using their own brains rather than blaming others……after all they are in the firing line when it goes wrong…….red flag!, no racing, no speeding, drive to be able to stop short of any obstruction!
They’ve got the technology to establish that Gasly was trying to catch up to the safety car, all they had to do was wait until he’d got there! Ridiculous decision
Stupid. Mugello had the same problem.
The tractor debacle was of course a terrible thing to have happened and even worse when we see a marshall trying to strap the car to it which at no point other than the Sainz onboard footage was the marshall visible. Vettels hint at the pressure to run a faster tyre at risk than the correct tyre is one thing, but with conditions as they were, the flat underside and aero dependence cars now have, they should not be racing in such conditions full stop. Or, as sad as it would be, Suzuka needs to be moved on the calendar or removed altogether.
When Vettle eventually retires I really hope he can become race director or something similar he talks so much sense and would be such an asset to F1 in that role
Crazy. In them conditions with that visibility and it was actually on the track!  Ridiculous.  How can they not have learnt after what happened in 2014
Just mental that it happened AGAIN in Japan, of all places 🙄
EVEN if Carlos' car had ended up in the middle of the circuit - NO ONE should have been out there to retrieve it, let alone a TRUCK/CRANE.  The teams can radio the drivers and say where Carlos' car is and how to avoid it and they would have.....  There are no excuses the organisers can give that makes anything better.
Seb for race director 👏
Hitting a crane on a racetrack is like hitting a tree.  It will likely kill you and it must never ever be allowed to happen.
Seb is a living god. The FIA should realise this.
Sebastian needs to be the FIA
How can they not of learnt from last time, luckily nobody was hurt this time 😤😤
he is so right, they should never be on circuit !
The stewards messed up  Their job is to keep racing fair AND SAFE and today they failed If I was a driver and I saw that on track I'd retire the car and you wouldn't see me till the next race
Another champion opinion from Vettel, nice to see someone race the issue with the lack of performance of the extreme wet weather tyres. It's been an issue since Pirelli joined the sport. Belgium last year and the start of the race delays today could've been avoided with capable tyres.
The drivers and everyone else should be ashamed of themselves. Jules didn't have a halo. These drivers are safe.
This is why jules bianchi passed away stupid decision to put a tractor less than 5 metres away from a race track
Gasly.....double waved yellows. Means slow down, be prepared to stop. Marshalls on track.   Red flag. Means the race is stopped.  That 'vehicle' on track could just as easily have been an ambulance or fire engine trying to save a fellow drivers life.  No need for the fia to bring in more rules. Drivers should just obey the ones already there.
he saw what jules saw before he had to spend a year dying. This man gets to say he was scared. He saw death and the recent happenings, the FIA should be discraced. Too fast or not, why is there a situation where a vehicle around 800KG travelling at very high speed can be facing a vehicle thats stationary that weighs 2000KG/3000KG!!! The FIA doubles down and blames gasly. Well I ask, why does your rulling allow vehicles that are 3x or more heavier than the competition sit on the circuit whilst cars are going around at all???
Going off vettels comment about pressure on using the inters. Perhaps a safety cut off should be used. Not sure on the logistics but maybe a way of measuring surface water on the track in combination with a certain amount of rainfall beyond a certain threshold makes wet tyres mandatory? Failing this give the stewards the power to trigger a mandatory tyre change to wets when they deem it necessary.   Gets rid of some aspect of the strategy I understand but if the teams are all basically pushing each other onto an unsuitable and unsafe tyre for the conditions, it probably needs to be more tightly controlled.   Could still keep some strategy in it by making it timed. Say if conditions reach the threshold for wets, teams have 3 laps to change. Minimises risk but still allows for teams to stay out a little longer if they feel in control, or the opposite, changing immediately to get the drop on other racers with less traction.
Because under DOUBLE YELLOWS and RED FLAG read the rule book! When under double yellows ALL DRIVERS must slow to a speed where they are able to stop or avoid all items on the circuit. UNDER DOUBLE YELLOWS MARSHALS ARE ON TRACK THE WORLD OVER. This is Gasly's fault. He should be fined for the speed he passed that vehicle under double yellows. Period. Read the rule book!
Gasly: Guys, why is their a crane on the track, we already lost someone because of one. Don't you remember? FIA: Ahhhh Pierre, just the guy we wanted to see. We noticed you speeding, here's a fine. Thanks bye Gasly: But- FIA: Oh, you're still here?
Rip jules :(
Vettel onborad green flag its was on track
Trouble Is as David Coulthard said if a driver is traped, you want to get to him as quick as possible, and they train for that , unfortunately in this case it created a dangerous situation.
That was almost a Tom Pyrce at Kyalami moment,  the Fia should ashamed to blame Pierre.
Initially the race should not have been started - fact. The safety of all of these guys is paramount, no questions asked - fact. It is not good enough to say we have been lucky ….. when the FIA lay down such stringent safety rules regarding the cars then how about practising what you preach and don’t make such a fundamental blunder as putting a tractor on the track when the race cars are still live on circuit ….. yellow or red flag! With visibility already at such an unacceptable level, surely history maps out the way forwards? Come on, lets learn please.
Lando always trying to be funny in non funny situation
That Marshall deserves a massive bonus and everyone's praise he pulled the car away out of the line of gasly. He would have been dead to if gasly hit and he held that rope and pulled the car off his line 👏👏👏
It annoys me how even the experienced drivers play the PR game with this. That vehicle should not have been on the track, we don't need to understand the issues, Jules Bianchi is dead because this happened, at this track, in these conditions before. It is inexcusable as to the reasons why.
We had the same comments 8 years ago! Let’s hope it never happens again. It made me feel sick seeing that tractor on the track.
Alonso said it clearly "I didn't see Carlos and I didn't see the tractor"
Can’t believe there’s even a debate around this. How you can watch that and blame Gasly is beyond me. Bianchi’s death showed how dangerous those response vehicles are. To be on the track with the cars is just stupid. And people are blaming Gasly? 🤡
I think I’m right in saying that in the States the Indy Series has a safety team and trackside marshals that go from race to race. This could be a good idea as they would be constantly working directly with F1 Owners and teams to ensure the utmost safety of both the fans and the teams. With the money involved it wouldn’t be beyond the realm’s of possibility. That way any volunteer marshals would be supervised by a team that are all on the same page.
What a bunch of whiners. The guys should watch Moto GP to see how real men race.
It was all serious in tone then Seb in his Ichiban headband sent me laughing
The FIA are a disgrace.. Hold your hands up instead of making excuses and blaming drivers
Got to love Seb with his kamikaze headband on! 😂
Shame Martin Brundle wasn't there because he actually hit a Marshall when Morbidelli crashed in the rain at the 1194 Japanese GP ! They haven't learnt anything have they?
I can't believe this was allowed to happen again i was watching that race where Jules died it was horrible to see he was a brilliant driver fia need to do something to make sure this japanese GP is save for the drivers and the Stewarts because that guy on track could easily have been killed to
Totally unrelated to this disaster which should never have happened but anyone else here an Aussie twang in Landos accent?
f1 will miss Sebastian Vettel, it needs him his wisdom, his knowledge his voice. whoever ok'd that tractor should be fired and saying Gasly should have slowed down it doesn't matter the speed he was going he could have crash at any speed and not have saw it killing him.
This is crazy. i don't watch F1 I prefer bike racing and I often think F1 drivers whinge a lot - but on this occasion they are totally right there is no excuse for this type of risk. To anyone that follows F1 is there any reason why all the drivers couldn't have been told cruise back to pits on pitlane speed limiter?
I agree so much with Pierre Gasly and all the drivers its so unsafe to race in those conditions the FIA need fix situations like this so it doesn't happen again
the problem is all the Marshall's are volunteers. they have enough money to hire full time Marshall's and train them correctly.
Typical Japanese marshaling. Let's clear the track ASAP, anyone remember Daijiro Kato when they bundled him onto a stretcher and he was flopping all over the place in a Moto GP race?
Talk is cheap, what are the drivers prepared to do about this?? Nothing I suspect. I see Lewis Hamilton and Toto walff are keeping quiet for once.
FIA is unfit for purpose, this has been obvious for a long time. Someone could have died today!
I think this deserves all drivers strike
Had to skip boring Gasly... Zzz zz zzz
That's bad , Recovery vehicle on track in these days , REALY OUT OF ORDER  ,
Heavy plant must have a flashing beacon on at all times on building sites. Why aren't they lit up like a Xmas tree for this???? Just a suggestion 🤷‍♂️
You need to drive on the motorway more. You lucky lad.
The entire FIA needs sacking! Either that or drive a convertible car 150mph into a tractor and if you survive you can keep your job
Pete Ghastly has a point that the crane vehicle shouldn't have been on the track. He was travelling at a reasonable speed within the delta time expected just as poor Jules was when he crashed. As for the FiA saying that he exceeded the speed regarding the red flag, watch the on board video and you see that Ghastly was approaching where the crane was and there was a yellow light panel flashing which changed to red just as he was passing it with the cockpit light coming on at the same time! He had less than 1 second to react to that before he passed the scene and if he had stood on the brakes in that weather he would have become yet another statistic of bad management by the FiA officials but the drivers can't say that as they would earn financial penalties and removal of championship points for 'bringing the sport into disrepute'!
Tractor,what tractor? I didn't see it!😱😱😟
Total disgrace.... Well said pierre that's as good as you could have put it.
When we ended under the yellow in Monza they had a tractor on circuit and didn’t red flag the race and I think we all know why.    F1 puts the lives of the drivers at risk for what? They spend weeks on Lewis’s nose stud but don’t care about incidents that took the life of a young driver not so long ago.  F1 lost all credibility and they are not even trying to rectify it.
Without a doubt we need a public announcement taking responsibility from the FIA, and an apology to the drivers, especially Gasly. That goes for Sky F1 too, some of your coverage today made me sick to my stomach. Do better.
Was Gasly going too fast given the situation (and the flags)? Yes. Was he any more likely to crash because of that? No. What he was doing is a side issue to what the FIA were doing.
These kids miss tge yellow flag (and red at one point...which also shows on their steering wheels) and in true Trumpian style look for someone else to blame. Bet the rescue workers weren't so impressed by the speed that guy past them tbf. They'd be the ones to get killed.
Whether he was driving too fast or not, NO  VEHICLES OTHER THAN EMERGENCY RESPONSE  ON TRACK !!
Seb looks like he should be busking
The fia has officially lost the plot
Japan needs to be banned from F1
Red flag 🚩 flashing red lights and on his wheel…you should be going slow enough to stop…but FIA needs to sort there safety rules
Making money is far more important than saving a driver's life. They won't say that but it's the bottom line.
What if that vehicle was an ambulance attending to another driver in an emergency? Gasly should've obeyed the waved yellows.
Vettel, the man who Deliberately crashed into someone behind the safety car...  It is interesting that none of these drivers complained about speeding even though they know that marshals were probably on the track. More marshals have been killed than drivers in F1
Lando looks like the Emperor here
Gasly got a time penalty so the FIA could try and justify blaming him for their mistake. Bianchi died in a similar incident in Japan. ON THE SAME TRACK! Have they not learned anything from that dreadful day? Disgraceful. The FIA need to remove the penalty and apologise for their error.
The fact Fernando didn't even see the tractor is bloody scary.
I like the way Lando put it. There isn't anything to discuss, it just can't happen again
It's part of the Japanese mentality..they don't care about foreigners , besides what they want people to think.
I don't think there's any argument about the situation with the tractor being on the track, clearly that's something that has to be dealt with.  What bothers me is the seemingly accepted mentality  towards the safety of the marshals in formula 1. Gasly would have known there was likely to be people around Sainz's car at that point on the track, yet he was only focused on his lap delta. He feels that the officials have learnt nothing form Bianchi's accident, but it seems he failed to learn anything from it as a driver. These people are out there risking their necks in these conditions for free (you wouldn't have a race without them), but are apparently not as important as Gasly's need to progress around the track, do you think he would give a crap about safety if it had just been marshals at the side of the track? None of the drivers that were asked about it after the race even mentioned the safety of the marshals, it seems safety in formula 1 is only important when it relates to them. Maybe it would be good if they considered the safety of everyone involved in their sport going forwards and perhaps the drivers should realise there was something they should have learnt form Bianchi's accident.
People slated Micheal Massey well Lewis fans anyway but this wouldn’t of happened on his watch, race directors have had a nightmare this season not just this incident either! Other things at other races also, the FIA seriously needs to look at the muppets they put in charge
I heard somewhere that they need to be able to scramble the medical car etc for serious incidents so they have to be able to get support vehicles or on track at the same time as the race cars. Which is true, but that doesn't mean there should ever be a situation like this. Maybe they need to introduce a new flag for all cars to just stop wherever they are, it would only get used in serious incidents so quite rarely.
Goddamn…
I would like to know WHO in FIA will loose their JOB, because TODAY we risked drivers LIFE for NOTHING
I can't take Seb seriously with that bandana lol
Side note: what a sensational performance from Vettel this weekend
In such poor visibility, when F1 cars are required to have their rear lights flashing, how the hell can the FIA justify a huge tractor being on the track WITHOUT having warning lights on the tractor?
I have lost so much respect and faith in f1 recently. So they bend the rules again for Verstappen in order to crown him champion with the Honda branding in Japan. F1 are trying to get Honda back in F1 and this was clearly the perfect scenario, the fact Red Bull put the Honda name back on for this race only highlights it. They are making decisions based on money and business not sport. Incidents like this with Gasly, and the FIAs absolutely disgusting response just shows how their priorities are completely backwards
In the dry maybe it would have been acceptable. In the wet, knowing it was about to be red flagged, WTF?
Again in Japan....??? You wonder if it's the the Japanese marshals themselves & some sort of desire to be ever-overly efficient in keeping the track clear of broken-down cars...
Gasly broke the rules. He could have killed a marshal.
Seb for race director
Things carry on like this they will red flag all wet races.
Nice to see the FIA seem to have learned nothing from Jules Bianchi. Been saying for the last 3 or 4 years that the FIA's safety procedures have become sloppy. There shouldn't be cranes on the track when the cars are full stop. As Pierre says, for it to happen in the rain at Suzuka despite what happened in 2014 is ridiculous. Someone's gonna die at some point - a lot sooner than the gap between Senna and Bianchi if the FIA's sloppiness continues
Has nobody learned anything from Jules Bianchi's death ? Once again the responsibility falls to the Race Director to red flag rather than gambling with drivers & workers lives. It is totally unacceptable from the FIA.
The incident was bad enough, but what I found appalling was the statements afterwards trying to put the blame on Gasly. It's an absolute disgrace. He can't go at SC speed all the time because he needs to catch up to the back of the pack, otherwise just throw a VSC. Then saying about the red flag, the guy had half a second to react as Jenson mentioned. Absolute disgrace.
The FIA should be holding their hands up, saying we made an unacceptable error and that new procedures will be put in place to ensure this never happens again.  For God's sake there is enough tech out there to ensure that there is no car running on the circuit before any other vehicle ventures on to the track or surrounds.  This should be looked at outside F1 too. There's been a few times when I've watched cars racing into Paddock at Brands Hatch under waved yellows with a recovery truck driving into the gravel to recover a car. An F3 car is no more designed to hande an impact with a truck than an F1 car is and its an unnecessary risk to take. Its far less dangerous (in my opinion) to hit a stationary race car of the same type than one of those recovery vehicles.
I think that they should have standard telehandlers, tractors, etc that are owned by the FIA and operate just like the safety cars meaning that they get brought track to track and that they have lighting similar to the safety and medical cars on them so that if it is needed to be on track or even in run-offs it is clearly visible, they should also have reflective stickers on them similar to UK police cars again to make them more visible. But the best case scenario is no cars on track when they need to be on track.
Hey drivers this is the FIA, we have deployed a safety car but you're not allowed to go fast to catch up to the rest of the pack, like previous years. We don't care if your lap time is slower than previous laps. We'll put a truck on track to make sure you slow right down. Your boss the FIA 😒
Rip jules disrespectful for crain🙏😢💔
Chandhok, Di Resta and Herbert should be ashamed they tried pinning this on Gasly during the red flag.
Amazing that the FIA are never accountable.
50/50 blame for me …… yes he was going way too fast but … when you’re trying to keep/get heat in the tires …… and we all know if it’s a normal safety car it’s a rare chance for the back half off the grid to make up ground off the front half off the grid … it’s always no surprise it’s a back marker … same as all those years ago… but it’s also 50% on fia too …… when it’s that wet and dark you can take 10% longer on getting marshals on the track (when no medical emergency) and same time before you get the tractor etc safety vehicles out …… in that weather dot the i’s And t’s not once like in dry conditions but twice and thrice …… also something needs to be done about the full wet tires …… inters should be on drying track/damp track …… if full field running them in those wet conditions somethings very wrong either inters too good .… full wets too bad or a bit off both.
Can someone PLEASE sort out the FIA.. for the love of God..  its single handedly destroying this sport.. get seb in there ASAP...
We need new clear rules here from now on for F1 safety:  Bring a tyre that sits between the inters and the wets. Correct me if I am wrong but I think the inters clear about 20 litres per second and the full wets about 60. The huge difference especially with now the ground effect these cars have makes for too much risk taking to get the choice of tyre spot on.  If there is an accident somewhere on track, employ double yellows for the FULL SECTOR. When the double yellows come out, make the section of the track like a VSC where a delta has to be kept within.  In dry conditions, if a crane is picking up a car far off the racing line then the VSC/SC covers that, but if it is needed in conditions such as today then chuck out the red flag first FGS. As Alonso said, he was not even aware that Carlos had crashed or a recovery vehicle was out on track. Measures MUST be put in place to enforce driver safety it is getting beyond ridiculous.
They all saw a ghost before the interview too.
They should be no heavy vehicles on circuit under them conditions especially when drivers are still on the track.
Thank god no one was killed, buts its all about the tv rights & profits. There's always another driver to take the seat
Unfortunately the FIA doesn't seem to learn from their mistakes  Each car has a transponder so FIA should know where each car is on track I assume Marshalls are only supposed to be on track only once race control give the OK Gasly stated he was below his delta time,   I can remember in the 70's,80's and 90's injuries and fatalities were something that happened   Teams can only so much in regards to driver safety,   There's nothing the teams or drivers can do about vehicle's that appear on track.  People are saying Gasly was going to fast, but do we know if he was aware of SC deployed and what about the yellow flags
i thought the same in Monza when Ric was being recovered, i know the conditions were a lot better but De Vries did pull over to see the tractor in front of him and quickly darted back to the left of the track, shouldn’t happen
Where did Jules get lost, thought he died. Who got lost?
I cannot believe they blamed him! Jules was definitely looking out for him as he said if he was a little more to the left I don't even want to imagine what could have happened
Scum sports strike again. I watched Senna die when i was a kid, it was only a few years ago i had to watch Bianchi die by crashing into a crane on this track, then today i nearly watch Gasly die and you try to blame him, even though there is damn regulations saying there will be no recovery vehicles on track when the cars are at racing speed.  I won't hold my breath for a public apology as we all know the level of integrity at Scum Sports. You will put more effort into hiding this post for "hate" as i refer to you as Scum Sports. It's very weird that incident is missing from the highlights you posted online. They usually have all incidents in highlights, what's wrong? Ashamed of the commentary that accompanies the footage?
FIA direction needs to resign!!!
Disrespect for human life seems to be the stance of the fia and the sky glove puppets representing the views of those in control of the sport, truly shameful.
Well said Pierre Gasly.   Common sense must be put in place in these dangerous conditions.
Recovery vehicle should not be there whilst there are cars active on track in these conditions. BUT if it wasn't there Sainz's car is still an obstacle that would be just as unpleasant to hit at 200kph. Not to mention possible marshals on track. Gasly going so fast was reckless, but we should not be surprised when racing drivers drive fast. Bianchi was also driving too fast for the conditions, under double waved yellows, back in 2014. Not really his fault - that was his job. But in what are meant to be slow zones, the cars MUST be slowed down whether the drivers or teams like it or not.
Yet another situation that will be used as an excuse to avoid starting wet races when the real issues is having recovery vehicles on the track in those conditions while cars still drive at speed.
much respect to gasley he did nothing wrong
The drivers are soooo low in that car.  Their visor is ridiculously small.  They have the Halo infront of them.  It was also raining so much he could barely see 10 feet.    Absolutely not his fault FIA are overpaid idiots
FIA needs a kick up the backside for allowing this to happen don't they learn from 8 years ago. Disgraceful in this day and age.
Gasly is a hypocondriac.. You wuldhave died at 50mph going into a tractor.. after all what his face survived an explosion.. you'll be just fine.. wierdo.
the drivers should fine FIA ...(just incase someone doesn't get what im saying )
I was under the impression that it was already a rule not to have vehicles on the track when cars are driving round, if a vehicle has to come on the track it should be red flagged.
FIA need to give Vettel and others roles within and not let them walk away from sport. FIA are a joke, make horrible decisions hand out weak punishment and never EVER take responsibility for any mistake.
Fia r useless have no brains  f1 is becoming a farce sham today's race  title decided by fIA yet again
The strange thing is they were all concentrating on the truck, when a Marshall was sent out on the track too. A marshall was closer to the track than the truck, if a driver hit the truck he was hitting that marshall too. Dry or wet, I am still convinced when a marshall, truck or cherry picker is on the track just stop the race.
FIA will never take responsibility.
Nice one trying to put any blame onto Gasly sky. Get your reporters in front of the camera and apologise to the lad.
and Gasly got a penalty, yes Gasly got a penalty for following his own delta, fia along with sky sports coms need to take a look at themselves
It’s not just about the drivers life tho, The crane shouldn’t been there yes, but marshals life is just as important & the drivers constantly abuse yellow flags week in week out. I was disappointed that Gasly tried to justify his speed by saying he was compliant with delta. No mate, you seen the accident the lap before so you should know better taking into considering all the moaning about visibility. F1 need to do better collectively.
It's not hard is it, either all the cars are behind a safety car at 20 mph past the incident,or all cars are off the track in the pit lane. Then and only then,can a recovery machine/ machines be active on the circuit.  Being efficient is great, but not at the risk of safety.
Sky you are an actual shambles, your coverage of this incident was nothing short of abysmal and embarrassing. Hang your heads in shame.
The issue is multi-layered.  1. Safety car on track is clearly used to remove things and keep cars at a manageable speed, however, if you are not behind the are under delta which is faster than the car (possible loophole/problem) 2. They say a VSC would of made this less scary as EVERYBODY has to stick to a slower delta no matter where they are on track, so whats the point in the safety car then? 3. If you have to put things on track, are they meant to red flag ? imagine this happens as a result of this, every time something needs to be cleared up, they red flag it. People will complain that is should be a Safety car.  4. Drivers should know what is going on, double waved yellows are a warnign to stuff on track, if a sefety car is deployed they should KNOW the dangers and what is happening.  This is nobody's fault, as much as it is everybody's fault. A safety car is there to protect everybody, if it is on track then its identifying that there is stuff on track that is a danger,  as a driver catching up the pack, you cannot blame the FIA that there is a danger on track, when they put out the safety car out to protect the drivers and stewards.  Maybe they need a new rule that red flags wet races due to visibility, it will frustrate people but this is the world we live in where safety overrules everything. this will no doubt frustrate the viewers, but you cant have it both ways. if nothing can be on track while cars are going around, then it HAS to bed RED. if you want to clear things up while drivers are going around then its either a Safety car or a VSC. but it terms of seriousness it used to be..  Yellow Double yellows VSC Safety Car Red.  so the system needs looking into and teams/drivers need to understand the dangers and stop using possible loopholes
Sky pundits all basically blaming Gasly tho smh
All these recent screw ups by RC really does shine a light on Charlie Whiting and how good he was at his job
With that much water on the track and such poor visibility, there is no safe speed to be having cars drive past a recovery vehicle. Another race, another appalling decision by the stewards. This is one of the most dangerous sports in the world and it's being overseen by clowns.
Totally agree with Pierre Gasly, no emergency vehicles should be on the track while cars are still able to pass that scene in less its a life and death situation. They can see where all the cars are so its easy enough to let the emergency vehicles go after the last F1 car has gone past them safely. We already lost one driver because of a similar thing we don't need a repeat of it, if what happened then happened now the FIA would be the ones to blame not the driver and then paying out millions to his family. Its simple enough, don't need to put anyone in any more danger than they are already in.
FIA on fire again - utterly incompetent organisation lead by an absolute cretin
Giving Gasly a penalty is wrong...Whomever sent the Tractor out should be given the sack..!!
After this incident the FIA should cease to exist, pathetic excuse of a mistake by them, then trying to blame the driver too!  I bet they would change their tune if he was crushed to death by that tractor though.
I'm sure the rules state that those recovery vehicles are not allowed on the track, so something went wrong, likely human error by race control or the marshal teams. At least no one was hurt and this is a good reminder and may help solidify the safety aspect better. Perhaps instead of using delta times, race control should be able to activate the pit lane speed controller on all cars in exceptional circumstances.
omg did we learn NOTHING from Jules  i cant beleive we are 8 years later that was so close. not cool F1 😲
Why ain't the tracter got protection as in big bumpers 1 and not lit up like a Xmas tree. 2. Why is a   it on track with cars ? Lucky
When all of the drivers are saying that the actions the FIA took were irresponsible & not acceptable, & they’re still trying to dump the blame on Gasly because of how the rules are written, the rules need to change, events like this must never have a chance to occur again
An absolute disgrace. Trying to put the blame on the drivers...
It's a shame how quick fia forget terrible mistake hopefully this time will be last time personal thought why was it not started under safety?
The recovery vehicle and marshal on the track was wrong, equally gasly and the team were also wrong. He ignored double yellows and the notification on the steering wheel. He was in 5th, that’s too fast regardless of the delta
Seems ludicrous that they red flagged because of poor visibility but then put heavy duty vehicles on the track whilst there was still cars out
Its remarkable simple, you want to send a recovery out? You empty the track, it is that simple
Love how everyone forgets gasly was speeding before and after passing said incident, regardless of tractors and anyone's incompetence gasly still acted like he was racing, 250kph he hit during and everyone's acting like it's all down to the FIA, people need to shake their heads also being scared isn't any excuse for Pierres actions before or after the fact!!
Insane
we need to know who gave the go ahead for it to enter the track before blaming anyone it could even be the case they just went off their own back before getting clearance
I’m looking forward to seeing how a neutral like chain bear f1 YouTube channel covers this topic.
that marshal could have died if gasly lose control. gasly shouldn't be driving so fast. the halo will save gasly if he crash
Can’t believe that almost happened again same place
Disgusting. Sort it out FIA.
The FIA messed up, again!
Maybe it the race marshals actually got paid they would make better decisions?
7 time champ Hamilton had NO COMMENT to make on the situation, utterly disgraceful!
Lando has a different accent from one interview to the next 🤣
Why is Max Verstappen titles always overshadowed by something else jesus
Simply not good enough 💯 what the bloody hell is going on?? I think it brings back horrible sad memories for everyone,  luckily today we got away with a major accident that could have easily killed a young man on another day. F1 need to act quickly and investigate just how that vehicle was on track in the first place and heads must roll and they need to make sure this never happens again!! 😳 RIP Jules bianchi
Crying.  RIP Jules ❤️
Karun Chandhock  and Paul di Resta. Just ran Gasly into the ground. And I get you a steak sandwich neither of them would have made it to turn 2. It would be better for sky F1 to promote safety at all times. Leave the race analysis to Button. And there's this video. So which is it, dangerous or not?
FIA at an all time low. Make me sick how they are dealing with F1 since 2021
The FIA isn’t fit for purpose…
Echo comments on Vettel being great in a race director role. Such a waste to see him and his knowledge and understanding being allowed to just walk away from the sport and would be useful for FIA to have a recent, high level mutually respected former driver to assist with any decisions.
crane on the track  not liked by Peter Gaslighter
So Gasly doing exactly the same thing as Bianchi did. Going far too fast in a red flag. Even with double waves flags you have to expect marshals on track and not to put their lives at risk. This is only an issue because Gasly ignored the instructions.
Michael Massi has entered the chat.
I don't know how the fia can blame anyone else for this. Like even if he was going too fast, there should never be a crane and a marshall out on track with cars in the soaking wet going past on a few meters away. It's not hard for them to wait a minute or two for all the cars to get in the pit, it's pretty simple.
How scummy are sky saying to a race driver you should of slowed down. Joke, these guys don't compute slow
Is vettel going through a mid life crisis or whys he dressing like that lol
F1 should leave the FIA. Form something new and rebuild it. Absolutely disgusting.
The FIA are excellent at making rules... Just not good at enforcing them. If only they spent more time on common sense over legal jargon.
Why is no one talking about the fact we were likely to have a couple of dead marshals more than anything. I do think Gasly was driving to fast. I don't care about his delta. SC and doubled yellows means something has happened and you have to be prepared to stop. I do think the truck should have had blaring lights on it so it could be seen.
Love how the fia can’t take responsibility for ANYTHING. Even with a situation like this they still have to pass the blame to gasly. He (and all the other drivers) deserve a formal apology
The FIA and even Sky Sports trying to shift blame onto Pierre for driving too quickly even though the red flag only came out 2 seconds before he passed the tractor was an absolute disgrace
Gasley gets a time penalty...What penaltiy do the FIA get for having a crane on the track?
Unbelievable the Japanese learned nothing from the death of jules. They put a tractor on the circuit during races conditions. All Japanese stewards and marshall’s shouldn’t be near a race track.
Gasly mate people get paid a lot less to risk way more so pipe down on that
Perhaps we should wrap them all in cotton wool and reduce their salaries accordingly.
Near miss?! 😂😂😂
Are we sure it's not politicians running F1, don't seem to have a clue !
An appalling position being taken by FIA. F1 seems to be in a downward trajectory with the combination of  Domenicali, Liberty, Netflicks. Idiots chasing to their absurd _Drive To Survive_ model. (Not to mention the latest reports of a potential sports-washing race in Rwanda.)
Sky Sports F1 must apologise to Gasly. I’m sorry, it has to be said.  Di Resta and Herbert mainly, the things they said and putting more of an emphasis on Gasly and his speed, ridiculous.
f1 is joke
The tractor needs flashing lights like the back of the F1 cars.
I'm sure they could implement a slow zone system through the incident area during a SC so any cars not in the SC queue have to go through the danger area at 60/80kph or whatever.
Gasly was speeding and ignored red flags where through atb5th gear. This is on him
I see a lot of people saying gasly was at fault but he stuck to what the drivers are told. He kept within the lap time delta. How can you justify putting a crane on the track when some of the fastest cars in the world are going around it. Was it jules’ fault he had the crash? No. He, just like gasly followed protocol. Absolutely unacceptable from the FIA.
At least put the same bright lights on safety vehicles, as the F1 cars, in these conditions.
Pierre has been given a 20s penalty for FIA’s incompetence. Watching the C4 highlights and the Sky highlights and they’ve _buried it_ — showed barely 30s of footage and discussion and said nothing except Gasly was too fast. Disgusting. Gasly was afraid for his life and all the FIA can do is use him as a scapegoat. Shame on them.
FIA are a total mess right now...they couldn't even clearly communicate what points would be awarded, plus this dangerous situation with the recovery vehicle: has Suzuka learned nothing from the sad death of Jules Bianchi? 😳
One thing which is a bit off-putting is that not one driver interviewed made any reference to the safety of the marshalls in all of this. The un-sung heroes of any event. Only at the beginning did the view of a marshall get shown and acknowledged. To be fair it's 50/50 on the FIA and Gasly in this particular case. He was aware of the scene from the previous lap and double-waved yellows prior to the red flag means be prepared to stop!! BUT that tractor and attending marshalls should not have been there also. I do hope Vettell and Alonso, along with the other drivers, do steer their wisdom in any future discussions with the FIA and hope Vettel plays some future role (if he has the time).  Today was an attempt to hold a show in the face of adverse weather which did for the 2021 SPA grand prix last year. It's a balance between entertainment and safety which is a complex balancing act. That's what makes F1 a facinating sport.
Seb has to be part of the fia next year seb as race director would be beneficial for the sport
Why doesn't it have any lights or beacons on it?
Even if the tractor wasn’t there, there was still marshal’s on track, and Sainz’s car sat on the racing line.  Double waved yellows means he prepared to stop, not race through in 5th gear and put marshal’s lives at risk.  Look and how slowly Max and co went through this behind the safety car.   Gasly was heavily punished for this. Drive through penalty and 2 penalty points.   But it seems strange for the media to focus on this when the same happened in Singapore and no-one said anything…
I dont think the  FIA or any of us can understand quite how bad the visibility is, I was a little shocked when Ant and Karun said that Pierre  had seen Carlos and could see the tractor coming over the crest, first of all they were looking at the t cam view rather than Pierre's helmet cam, and the camera was also all fogged up spray everywhere. if there was that little visibility for the camera imagine what it was like for Pierre. This should never happen again.
Sky Sports NEEDS to publicly apologise to Gasly for trying to spin the narrative live on air that this was somehow his fault, especially after he clearly stated that we was driving within the rules and his delta with 9 seconds to spare and with all the telemetry to back him up.
If a recovery vehicle is on track then the VSC needs to be deployed rather than a safety car and the recovery equipment needs support vehicles to indicate it’s whereabouts , decide red flag or VSC while recovery takes place then safety car can be deployed once it is safe to pick the speed up to catch the train
Got have something to distract from verstapens dangerous move in qualifying
Sky Sports trying to dial back their horrendous coverage of this, I see
It's shocking that the FIA would consider putting any blame on the driver in this situation. If Gasly had crashed and died, would they be saying the same? Absolutely not! These guys risk their lives for our entertainment, and the governing body should back them 100%, rather than try and save their own reputation.
Not hard to slow down when coming up to the corner that had an INCIDENT which forced the safety car out/ red flag. This shouldnt be a debate, its horrible weather aswell and Gasly almost risked it all just for his delta. Slow down just for one corner gasly, just the corner that had the crash, that is all 🤦🏾
it was a red flag and he was booting it. def going too fast. there could have been F1 cars in middle of track for all he knew. far too fast for red flag.
Vettel has to remain a part of F1 in one way or another. He's way too knowledgable to be sat on his armchair for the next 50 years.
FIA doing what FIA does these day. Only needs an idiot driver to put himself into a dangerous spot
Too over cautious these days. Waved yellows, respect the flags how else are they supposed to clear the track?
Its not hard to wait for every driver to either be collected by the safety car or in the pitlane before you bring tractors onto tracks especially when they cant see anything
Ridiculous decision by the FIA. And trying to blame Gasly too.. They should be ashamed
dangerous they could’ve waited just one lap more and no drivers would be on the track
