i would 100% go to a job interview in 17th century clothing, that shit was drippy as hell
if there was anything neccesary left the cats won my heart :)
New buildings are disgusting and they tear down old beautiful architecture to build these new trash buildings
Louis Sullivan coined the phrase “form follows function”. You should look up his buildings. You will be surprised.
This channel is very hit and miss, but when it hits, it nail. And this, this is bang on.
As someone living in canada, everywhere is so...bland. Its so boring. Every town and even cities feel the same. The "mall" strips, plazas, corporate stores (like walmart), parking lots, residential areas, "tall" buildings, farm land, etc are all the same everywhere (at least in ontario). Every small town, especially in the country, feels the same. And if they feel different, its for the worse, not better. I long to live in europe where visually everything looks nice and sparks creativity.
at alexanderplatz in berlin they are bulding a bulding on the back of galleria and they dont have enugh money to finish
Honest question:  Why is ornamentation so expensive when we have modern techniques to cheaply mass-produce them?  After all, repeating motifs brings harmony to the overall effect.  We can easily make molds for stucco, laser-cut wood according to a programmed design, even pour a house into a creative pattern through the new digitally printed homes.  As for the lousy street views, apartment complexes and shopping malls have plenty of inner courts and corridors.  Why not have something nice there?
I dint see a singlevwhite person in your ad i saw every other race tho who u targeting
This channel, and others, have shown me how terrible the civil engineering is in many cities.
Motels are gone too. You used to park right outside your room and had easy access to your car. Now we get these closed in boxes that require you to drag everything in through the lobby and go up an elevator.
A very big part also comes from our energy saving “laws” that suggest to people that only hyper insulated buildings are “cost effective, efficient and good for environment” - completely ignoring the lifecycle of the building, carbon cycle, reusability, flexibility and living quality etc… leading to bland facades insulated with crude oil products and so hermetically sealed that you need controlled air ventilation. F-ing stupid.
I whole heartedly blame millennials because they have absolutely no respect for any character
and this is why i live in a small city from the 860s. very beautiful and historic.
Hopefully a new architecture style comes soon
Totally agree. Also tired of seeing the same fascist propaganda around with the "we don't build things like we used to"
can't understand your annoying accent and you talk too fast
we so deplete in actual crafting and trade skills that ornamentation and a need to not only make a house complete, but to design the house in such a way as it can be renovated, in the hands of anyone with even basic skills, that renovation seems a luxury, not knowing how simple and affordable it really is.
I'd rather live in ugly houses and have a car than to live in a beautiful house but get stabbed on the bus.
Adam, without taking time to read the 5,600 preceding comments, and at the small risk of duplication, the following: First, congratulations on presenting the financial/economic side of the matter. Although the cultural shift since the assassination of JFK must not be discounted, the Aug. 1971 shift to floating exchange rates opened the door the entirely speculation-dominated economy of today, at least in the so-called West. The derivatives bubble may now be on the order of two quadrillion dollars of worthless paper debt. Although a new financial system is being built elsewhere, as I write here in the U.S., we continue to pay heavily for decades of belief in financial magic.        We need a new paradigm, in which economics is founded on physical reality and the creativity of the human mind, not on either British geopolitics or monetarism. The late Lyndon LaRouche wrote prolifically about physical economy, its history, its principle, and its future. Such an economics embraces beauty as an integral part of a healthy society. Best wishes to you.
Was interested up until 4:00. Then stopped watching.
I’m trying to plan a way to provide low cost housing for people in my area, does anyone know how I could make the buildings beautiful and well built, while keeping the cost down? Profit is not necessary just good affordable apartments, ones you can actually buy instead of rent.
culture critic is straight up nazi propaganda account sponsored by Elon Musk.
Ironically, Déli pályaudvar is situated on the conservative Buda bank and would look respectively. Btw my least favourite despite its newish features, good old wooden Nyugati and Keleti keep one’s heart warm (they should’ve been renovated anyways)
Also, buildings today are mostly designed by builders rather than architects.
It’s so weird that a building keeps being called “building” even after being built.
So bc it’s cheaper, which makes me ask how did they AFFORD to make such beautiful building back then.
I had to stop watching your video, as good of quality as it may be, after you trying to sell us snake oil in the ad. Supplements are proven to be useless at best, and dangerous at worst. You seem like a guy who does the research, so this is extremely disappointing.
Your whole theory falls apart with two words 'row houses'
Because it's not pragmatic. It's a fever dream, like a Muskian business endeavor. Humans need function ffs, not aesthetics.
Walmart will always build ugly buildings, because shoppers equate the ugly facade with "getting a deal." It's also why Walmart is less "nice" inside than Target or other stores. Shoppers assume that anything too nice looking results in inflated costs to the consumer, and Walmart's brand is based on being perceived as cheaper than their competitors. That likely plays a role in apartment buildings as well. Why pay for a facade that you can't see? That's just a way for the developer to overcharge you!
The taste is good. The 2 last points mess everything up, so that people don't appreciate the taste
Modernity is a sin against God and beauty. It's a horrible mistake.
The first modernist buildings in Chicago actually had ornamentation.
Sum up: cheaper  Dont't thank me
American Builders, Bankers, Architects, and Developers should be ashamed of themselves. Stupid + Wealth x Greed has turned the USA into a shit hole country.
Several things I disagree with. First, taste didn't change. People travel hundreds of kilometers to visit neoclassical downtowns, they pay hugh rents to live there, and shops want to be located in there. Second, even though I agree many cities are too car-centered, that doesn't really take away from beautiful buildings. Walking through Paris or Budapest you will realize both cities are very car-centered, but they still look beautiful. In fact, going to a classic European pedestrian shopping street, many buildings are clustered with company logos. Car or bike or foot, it's not the question here. The problem is we focus on productivity over beauty, ever since the industrialization. But now that the old beauty fades, we realize we need beauty for the piece of mind, we are no machines. And the neo-liberal argument doesn't really hold when we consider that people love to overpay to live in a nice area with neo-classical buildings, at least in Europe. So you say the price is based on location, but that's not the full story. People pay to live in a nice neighborhood. They have a car or public transport to get to the city centre, they definitely prefer a good-quality neighborhood over location. So if you want to make money, building good-looking, expensive houses should not be in your way, as long as the rest of the package fits.
I agree, Deli Pu is criminally underrated!!!
They build buildings that are easy to stick a billboard onto. Commercialisation to the max.
This was a bad video. You should feel ashamed for putting this one out.
Old buildings outside religious and goverment ones where just to show off wealth and where constructed by the same principles (following the latest design trend the most exagerated and tasteless way possible) than modern ones, they're not pieces of art nor expressions of the local culture, just a wallet competition between local bourgeois We must stop this nonsensical repetition of considering pre WW1 european urban architecture as a measure of beauty, because it isn't ... that's why early 20th century architects developed new styles in the first place.
"Beautiful" buildings started to decline since 1950s. For some film directors, this is a good thing because they can save money from building sets, instead they can utilize the modern style buildings as the background settings for science fiction movies. This was evidenced when Paul Verhoeven and his team was making Total Recall back in 1989, he said that the Neo Brutalist style architecture in the Mexico City is great for the film's setting.
Beauty is a public good, and rich folk don't "waste" all "their" money on enriching the lives of "peasants" anymore.
Great video. I believe that the architecture we are surrounded by can impact us greatly. So, souless buildings can chip away at the soul.... However, the points you've outlined seem much more likely than a plot to crush the people. Also, i just took a train from Deli Palyaudvar the other day 😅
So the reason why commieblocks were invented is the housing crisis after WWII. And that is a good thing to do in a fully peaceful era in a country which hasn't seen war on its soil for hundreds of years?  Also, in the United States, private companies and individuals are those who build mostly. So why is a University from 100 Years ago so culturally rich, and why is a brand new building in the very same highly rich university so soullessly brutalistic. Don't universities make enough money these days? Do they have a housing crisis?
Are you sure that is what modernism means? it might be a case of calling two different things by the same name, but in the catalan speaking world modernism refers to a branch of art nouveau that produced some of the most famous and ornate landmarks in the catalan countries, like the Sagrada Família or the Park Güell in Barcelona.
There is also the problem with earthquakes.  Our last one caused the stuff to fall off the building downtown across from us.  Company then sold office building to fools as residential who apparently do not realize it is a trap.  Chimneys also fall off houses and our school when I was a kid into the playground (building was then condemned), however school hadn't started yet except for those of us getting ready for patrol duty (flags to keep kids from getting run over) and we were too young to have a clue what was happening when lights, doors etc started swinging.  People should look up what happens during an earthquake with all those buildings made of glass and concrete.  You have to stay in the office building because the glass will collapse and bury cars and anyone on the street.  If it is really bad the floors collapse leaving only steel girders where the building was.  Look up on YouTube what is going to happen in Seattle in the near future.  The 9.0 earthquake comes every 300 years on average.  The earthquake scale is what they call a log scale where the number of minutes increases drastically if you go up one number in the higher range.  When it happens there will be a mass exodus from the entire Pacific Northwest by the survivors.  It will be worse then what happens in Calif.  If we get a 5 to 6 no worries, just normal damage and I will be sea sick again if I am high up.  The shelf in that area is stuck so we don't get an earthquake every month like LA.  Instead it will be one big boom someday causing tsunami to take out anything on shore and shaking followed by gas fires to remove everything else.  Any house not strapped down collapses like a house of cards on the 2nd shock after the first one removes it from the foundation.  I have no idea why they build skyscrapers in Vancouver and Seattle.  Pure insanity.  I guess they make their money building it and run.  I think I just saw we have 10 to 15% it will happen tomorrow.  They figure Calif is more likely at this point and some optimistic types think the entire coast will go at once which is just silly.  We might as well predict that it causes Mt Rainier to erupt too.  The last time I read about it Mt Rainier has a lot in common with Mt St Helens so it might just go boom someday and lose the top 1/3.  They want to build another airport below there because Sea Tac has issues.  Let's just roll the dice.  I am trying to figure out a nice safe spot to move to now that I am retired.  You have no idea how much earth quake insurance costs.
Ugly people = ugly buildings, simple as that
Nah. It's a conspiracy. Everything you mentioned explains perfectly why they want immigrants to replace us. It's cheaper. It further degrades cohesion. It limits the necessity to care about people as individuals and see them only as consumers and labor.
There is another thing preventing us from building cozy neighborhoods as in the Middle Ages: It´s fire regulations. So we have now neighborhoods of single buildings with ways around not just for the necessities of driving and parking cars. Though we have today much better insulations against fire we continue to build such single buildings. Please end this! -- By the way: I live in the center of a medieval German town. The houses are often not directly stuck against each other but have distances of 50 cm to 2 m. To the outside this is commonly hidden by a wooden fence reaching up two meter or more. Sometimes a lane is left open for pedestrians, sometimes there is even a "house bridge" built reaching from one building to the other. -- Yes, I don´t need a car here.
there are absolutely amazing modern buildings, i just hate commie blocks i currently live in a commie block i used to live in a commie block  i will probably continue to live in a commie block (someone please save me)
I am currently a student at IIT Kanpur.  And well, I have lived in what was essentially a government built, durable housing apartment that was privatised because of it being located inside a rather, business conducive location (Gurgaon, Haryana).  In both places, my college dorm and my house, one thing is quite common : a.) Lot's of nature b.) Less, Goddamn Cars.  And thus, I now am truly a member of the Adam Something Carz are Shitcrap club!
Traditional architecture isn’t just ornamentation
What bothers me most about the ugliness of modern buildings is that it's not even that hard to make prettier buildings. I play Minecraft now and then and there are professional Minecrafters who make vids on how to make pretty buildings with very simple rules  like: - don't build a building in the shape of a box,  - makes sure the facade isn't flat and  - avoid large homogenous surfaces.   And then I look at modern buildings and they all make these basic mistakes. I don't get how professional architects can all be so incompetent.
I find that a similar trend is visible in other modern art forms. The main criterion seems to be innovation and to hell with appeal. Strangely enough, sometimes the best places to find pretty things are cheap shops. I bet that that's because people who shop there are unfamiliar with the dictates of modern art and simply buy what they like.
I'm. pretty sure that if builders were made to spend 5% of building costs on making a building prettier, this would have a huge impact. Ornaments don't have to be hand-made. As long as there is enough variation on different scales, a lot of repetition is possible.
As far as I'm concerned, changing tastes is not an excuse and not even true, because people notice the difference. People flock to places like Bruges and Prague purely for their beauty, while hardly anyone makes trips to watch modern buildings. People obviously vote with their feet here and modern architecture loses by a landslide.
My first impression of Déli is an eyesore that fortunately is surrounded by greenery. I would probably haye it even more up close, because the homogenous surfaces look bigger up close.
I can't agree that modern buildings are boring. once you get a taste for modern architecture, you realise that a lot of old "beautiful" buildings are just boxes that have been saturated with ornament, often without much rhyme or reason
You raise some good points, but housing has always been a commodity. This isn't a new concept, it's been a thing since we invented houses You either sacrifice your young years to get into it or you don't get into it
Well, the apartment blocks built in 18th and 19th century Europe were built as commodities and in the capitalist environment aimed at minimising costs as well. All these ornaments are standard and very cheap
We aren't in the immediate post-war anymore, we don't need cheap, quick housing. I'm betting long term, a nice ornate building is worth more to the public than some minimalist cube. Its time we moved on from minimalism and created a new trend, an in-between compromise where balance ornateness with price. Also when they build housing in a city, especially in older neighborhoods, when they do the bland cubes, it just looks wrong.
if you can afford it, you can build it
Reminds me of a trend I fucking hate. Belgium gets littered with gigantic cubes of grey brick laid on top of each other. Why? Local urban planning imposes a maximum height for housing (partly to accomodate planes). As a result, people use flatroofs because it gets them more square footage for the same ground surface. And it's ugly as  fuck.
yah i dont thing other then satan likes dose depressing buildings , old decorated buildings are better
Property speculation is a huge and disgusting problem. It is an openly corrupt system to enrich devlopers and investors at the expense of people who actually need a home, and a quality one.
Summing it up: Sheer necessity to house people  Housing becoming a commodity Integrated housing and car planning Tastes changing with the times
Modernism was still focused on aesthetics, it just achieved it in different way. The neoclassical buildings are really just primitive solids with ornamentation attached, which is visible when the ornamentation is removed - the building itself is just an uninspired matchbox. Modernism was achieving aesthetics with geometry by using bevels, bezels, protrusions, extrusions, alcoves, and so on. It was also focused on environmental aesthetics that carried over to the commie blocks (at least in eastern Europe) with the idea of "Garden Cities". The only really depressing thing are the contemporary "habitation camps" that lack green spaces, room, sunlight, recreational facilities, playgrounds... things that make life bearable in the essence. And yes, the cause is the need to squeeze as much "living space" from acre as possible. That's why we came back to the idea of matchbox buildings just without the costly ornamentation.
2:00 and they all sûck... People in the '800 used to wear clothes similar to us!!!!
People want a 3 year project done in 18 months. Then will try to accelerate the project. You are lucky sh*t isn’t falling down like we are in China. It is so bad I quit.
NOOO CAT NEEDS THE VITAMINES
6:12 -- My guy.... I'm offended! You have the audacity to reference the fucking Grover House in this video about the glut of uninspired housing projects? That man is a fucking genius and I won't have his honor besmirched! How can you look at the inspired Picasso-esk architectural design and window placement only to deny that it's a masterpiece! How could you not appreciate the load-bearing drywall and waist-high stairway window perfect for childhood emergency-room trips?!?! How could you not marvel at the boldness of unblocked or braced floor joists?! Honestly man, ngl this feels like a major L, I might need to unsubscribe for this. I expect a full 2-hour long apology video within the next 23 minutes if you want to avoid losing my sub.
Once more, what destroyed beauty and created souless husks, was Capitalism.
i don't really think buildings have to have ornamentation to be beautiful. sure, it helps but like... even just changing the colour of a building makes it look better. or look at cottages. they look nice but they're not fancy
So it's not a conspiracy of left-wing elites. Rather, it's a conspiracy of EVIL CAPITALISTS
Aa a Indian i love European city architecture ❤
This is a bit too polemic. You're defending the soviet blocks as pragmatic and "neoliberal capitalist" blocks are just there to squeeze profits? Come on... If we end up at that system discussion again, look at the trillions of euros that west germany paid for building up and renovating east germany. Compare the buildings in cities like Berlin and Dresden before and after reunification. There is simply nothing to defend communism over "neoliberal capitalism".
tru dat london is this fr fr
No.
Another aspect is survival bias. The best looking buildings of the past is the ones that survive. Even if you would want to knock down a historical landmark it often something pesky things like government, or even worse, the public is against. But no one cries if a old dilapidated building without ornamentation is knocked down to put in something more modern. And in the past there were a lot of really crappy buildings. Sometimes you can see a few of those left in smaller cities in the more historical areas. And they're not as ornate as what we expect from that era. And they are still often the better ones still around. (And can of course be charming in their own right)
Unfortunately, I grew up in Manila, where a great many buildings are of more modern architecture styles. That said, buildings with more ornate architecture styles exist, but they are the minority.
I was waiting to see Oscar Niemeyer's work as an example of modernism
I prefer the robustness and simplicity of the newer buildings.
I agree with your conclusions. What depresses me is that I don’t see the factors changing any time soon, and I don’t have any faith we’ll see beautiful architecture become normal again any time soon. Tastes change and vary through time and region, but we all see the beauty in a Japanese pagoda, a Byzantine bazaar, and a Greek column even if we have our own preferences. What’s different today is that we aren’t making the modern equivalent. We’re devoid of any architectural opinion or taste at all. It’s all a soulless profit machine where so much property is developed by absent investors who couldn’t care less what is made on the land they will sell and forget about a year down the line, so long as it turns a profit. Add to that incompetent local authorities who are run rings around by corporations with higher-paid, smarter employees, and you get the bland civil engineering of the 21st Century. That was a rant, so apologies if it’s incoherent!
Finally you came to the conclusion that problem is capitalism, I have been waiting for a long time for this
The best way to plan the city is to not plan at all. Just let it be built as chaotically as possible lmao.
tbh in sydney i would rather go for modern apartment suburbs than established suburbs because in my city the more walkable suburbs are the new growth close to pt and are mostly walkable.
For me, the bigger issue is when they rebuild old buildings and not decorate it in former glory, but bland and boring.
This kinda shit makes me want to just give up and end it all cuz there's no way to change and the whole world is like this
Ever been to Reykjavik? You should see this ugly glass square cube right downtown.  Also, you should see Tromso, there is a dominos building that is the ugliest thing in the Arctic Circle.
I'm glad you brought up modernist architecture not to disparage it but to show that the failure of a lot of architecture is not necessarily due to changing tastes or innovations in creative thinking. If you're like me you can also sometimes get tired of neoclassical monoliths and I think a good city has eclecticism.
I’m looking into it wayyy more than I should but Battlefield 2042 was lambasted because all of the buildings were bland empty cubes. While it’s clearly an oversight due to tech/time constraints, it can be seen as an unintentionally funny take on modern architecture by filling the world of the 2040s with soulless, copypasted cubes way less interesting than the buildings in the games set in WW1 and WW2.
Europe is a third world shit hole mascaraing as first world...lets face it.
This doesn't explain the rest of the architecture. Buildings that are made to be unique, or if we consider things technically outside of architecture, but that are still made to make streets more decorated: statues. For example, since you mentioned Prague, I could mentioned the proposed Kaplicky's ''octopus'' building (luckily rejected, but there are plenty of similar buildings standing around the world). It's obviously meant to not be cheap, but primarily to be unique and beautiful. Yet it looks like a mind-bogling nightmare. And statues? Where are the grand statues of military leaders on horses? Instead we get vague absurdities like Maria Theresa statue in Prague, that barely resemble human form.
i wish the EU would bring back Commie Bloks. We used to live in one when i was a kid. Commie blocks are great, very spacious apartments, great durable quality, great insolation, cheap price, good parking spaces, usualy surrounded by gardens and parks, everlesting minimal design.
City of arts And Science Of Valencia  Build on the late 2000s and Looks like from the 2100 PLEASE, HABE A BREATH
Because its price. Simple
i dont understand how the problem with the blands modern five over one is neoliberal capitalism trying to cut cost doesnt also exist with commie blocks trying to save costs?
I wouldn't have thought it possible to make the subject of beauty the foundation for such an ideologically putrid screed, but you exceeded all expectations.  A job at MSNBC awaits you.
"Uuh its because practical" or "neoliberals build cheap ugly houses" are not an excuses. We have past the times for urgent housing for war torn millions. Build those soulless boxes for war torn countries of today sure, but there is no need for a soulless rectangle being built for a stable country. Commie or neoliberal does not matter. Ugly is ugly.
I work in construction. Drywall company I work for is contracted to to work for developments with hundreds of houses and town homes that sell for 1-2 million each. They are built with the cheapest materials and a quickly as possible. Aging boomers who don’t know any better will shell out 1.5 million for these bland boring boxes and the walls are cracking a month after they move in.
Good old Adam Something.  Explaining to us exactly why we can't have nice things.
I blame the Internet. I'm in an architecture Discord server, with people around the world sharing their ideas. Meaning these same ideas might be found in Tokyo, Toronto, Tel Aviv, or Timbuktu in the future. And then there's AI, regurgitating the same ideas to developers around Earth.
It’s fun how homes aren’t seen as a place to live…
The video have a cute cat. Therefore it is of the highest quality
And now, how do we fix these problems with parking regulation and neoliberal ways of cutting corners for profits? Quick answer: Make a bad image out of those supporting such ideas and regulation. Do so as a group of tigers attacking their prey from many sides. Continue like this for a while until the bad image affects them in new ways. In the end the general public should hate those supporting the parking regulation and neoliberal ways of cutting corners for profits, and whatever they do.
As usual you are making too much false assumption. First fallacy is that ornamentation is expensive - it is not at it wasn't. Most 19th and early 20th century city buildings used mass produced plaster ornaments which were cheap. Secondly, in most places beatiful and traditional architecture of ordinary town houses does not contain a lot of ornaments and costly elements. For example Copenhagen Kartoffelrækkerne - there is absolutly no expensive technique applied to those houses. The ornamentation is just a well designed masonry/brick patterns. Secondly - traditional buildings even big ones didn't have a luxury of mechanical ventilation or air conditioning, so they tend to be designed to be more passive and more sustainable then "supposedly" cheaper modern buildings.
I would also add survivorship bias to the picture. We know pre-modern architecture mostly from pretty, well-preserved historic urban centres, which are tourist destinations. Most of people in history lived in wooden shacks or at best, dirty, half-ruined, overpopulated tenement houses. Which mostly has been razed since then or renovated and rebuild to look like tourist Disneyland (like Prague`s famous Zlata Ulicka).
I just need to point out that people who already own a car, obviously, won't buy an apartment in a building without an option to park a car. And since a lot of the people who can afford an apartment already own a car - for you to sell an apartment, you need to think, where that car would go)
"Change in tastes," is a nice way of saying having no taste at all. Two traits I've become increasingly aware of in current times: setting and maintaining standards of any kind is seen as "bad," because it places responsibility on people, particularly people who fail to meet those standards (we'll just ignore the fact those failures are largely due to ignorance and indifference, not lack of ability). Secondly, "taste" is not something we are born with; it's something that must be developed and cultivated, and the majority of people today (including developers, architects, decision makers) lack the time and motivation: the end result, all we get is marketing and cheapness.
I think most of the factors to build bland modern housing blocks were already present in the late 19th Century. But why did they build nice housing areas with moderate decorations? Was it a prestige thing to not build 'too dull'?
I'm down to avoid building ornamental structures as long as we can start building public housing again
Great.
- Modern buildings can cost more than classical or traditional style buildings and often have obscene ornamentation (i.e. Scottish Parliament Building, Bundeswehr Military History Museum). - Architecture schools are not just about mass production or low-cost designs and yet they still promote ugly, modern designs over classical and more traditional architecture. - Beautiful and more traditional buildings don't always require extensive ornamentation or high costs.  - When journalists write articles like "Give Notre Dame a Modern Roof the Alt-Right Will Hate" (The Daily Beast), or the many articles condemning Trump's "fascist" classical architecture executive order or classical architecture in general, there are clearly other agendas than just the practical implications you discuss.
Some of the modern apartment buildings you showed were rather nice.. Most modern apartment blocks are ulgly and, as you say, built cheap.
Wow, first time see Adam live. You looks great!
If people followed the modernism of Escher and not Picasso, it would be a better world.
You seem a little bit biased. For example. I was looking to buy my apartment recently, and I was looking for something that does not look like shit from outside too. But the issue is there is simply not an option to do that. I think that it has more to do with poor taste of overall people, because most of them like THE BOX. And they will pay for it. Slap more glass they will pay more. Cost really does not matter for them. People want those. It's not the case of capitalism or other politics. If you want pikachu smartphone you can buy it in capitalism. You cannot buy good looking home. Maybe we just forgot how to make them.
capitalism that's why
Enjoyed this vid! The interesting about ornamentation though is that when it's mass produced it becomes (like most things) much more cheaper. In the Victorian era many architectural snobs lamented just how affordable mass produced ornamentation had become - pediments, carving, banding, etc - and therefore had apparently lost it's class and meaning. I should imagine that most forms of ornament for brick and concrete even today are likely still affordable. But we live in an era of sleek/minimalist/low effort clothing, devices and such. Anything more is seen as fussy and most people, honestly, don't care, as our value systems are different from back then.
Why? Because they''re CHEAP.
the cat😂
Thanks for a nice, well structured video! And you got in rails, nailed it!
Lol @ the inclusion of the world-famous Grover house.
beautiful? those buildings are ugly af and make me feel unfomfortable. They remind me of the past in which humans have been even more stupid then they are now, and those new modern buildings look waaaay better, that's why we build them
Capitalism? Money?
Typical video from another bitter washed up wannabe architect. His implicit assumption is that back in the "good old days" ALL buildings were beautiful but the big bag capitalists ruined his beautiful facades 😢 boo hoo!!! Reality check: most buildings look like sh now and most buildings looked like sh even back then. There are spectacular old buildings and incredibly beautiful NEW buildings too. Open your eyes and stop being so insufferably sour
so am i the onlyone who find new modern building more beautiful 🙄🙄
I guess men like Roger Scruten or James Kunstler just can't hold a candle to your genius intellect and your superior moral fiber.
And then the era of social media began. Artistic building is good for the background of your picture.
Modernism creates according to doctrines, and then forged before the Second Event: 1. "The evolution of culture goes hand in hand with the elimination of ornament with lots." - Adlof Loose - 2. "An architect cannot escape into the past" - Le Corbusier 3. It is forbidden to create faithful reconstructions, it is forbidden to copy proven architectural styles. Modernism sanctioned the aesthetic laziness we all suffer from now.  This is obligatory in teaching architecture, it is supervised by priests in national architectural societies.  AS A SOCIETY, WE HATE THIS, WE HATE EVERY ARROGANT ARCHITECTURAL TALK - that architects don't listen to us!!
GREAT VIDEO , and makes so much sense, unfortunately, this is a topic I often wonder about 😂
Back in the day, buildings were prestige. They made them fancy for that.  These days they build them to make money. Cheap as possible.
Waste time and money . Do u want to buy even more expansive building ?
This video skipped a big part of the reason: architecture school indoctrination.  Students are pushed to see little importance in beauty, from a compositional point of view.  "Appropriateness" is a foreign concept to the professors.  They instead push design philosophies onto their students that lead to obscenely ugly buildings, and it's highly social and status-based; there are weird and warped social phenomena that cause them to flock to these philosophies and pooh pooh others.  It's a field that has lost its bearings, philosophically, and their beliefs just get wacky.  Like a mini-Behavioral Sink.
Those "boring house designs" are palaces compared to red stone buildings in some countries like Egypt.
Are you Hungarian by any chance? If so, you might have been to the little commie-town of Tatabánya.  Basically a 4-6 lane Urban Highway with falling-apart Cement Commie-blocks and 70 year old brick houses with NO 90° angles. I measured it. Still a better place to live in that any of Győr's or even Budapest's newly built houses...
Good that you mentioned the communist because you do seem to be a genuine one.  Disliked this rubbish
So do the owners of AG1 just really like progressive video content or  something? I've seen them sponsor like 4 different progressive content creators now, and 2 of them just ironically mock them for doing it.
Tbf there was a transition from *lots* ornamentation to *less* ornamentation before the push for modern buildings.
Bruh fuck cars fr.
Poundbury is an interesting example of a contemporary planned town with all pre-modern architecture. Apparently very livable, one of the King's previous hobbies... Not a fan myself as i always think contemporary architecture mimicking trad usually falls into some kind of uncanny valley.
There’s probably some survivorship bias at work at well. We preserve beautiful old buildings and forget all the shoddy constrictions that got torn down.
Mass production = mass consumption of a standardized product. That’s just capitalism.
That conspiracy theory is EXACTLY the case ! One World Government with one world " culture " .
What a nightmare...
I wouldn't put on 17th century clothes for daily walks but 2nd half of 19th century vintage clothes still look kinda nice. I've actually seen a few ppl wearing them in my city, all men.
You lost all credibility when you started whining about the right who correctly complain about issues that matter
Just watch up until 1:21 and click off. That's the whole reason why architecture sucks in the modern day.
1:22 A Disney movie plot? Idk An Ayn Rand movie though? Probably--this is kinda the plot of the Fountainhead
tl;dr Blame capitalism in general, not just neoliberal capitalism  You will find that the politics and economics of aesthetics are even more important than you have outlined in this video, if you compare, say, Gründerzeit-era Leipzig with Glasgow or Edinburgh tenements. Both are examples of load-bearing masonry buildings erected in the period of rapid industrial development and influx of people into the cities - yet the Scottish tenements are way more austere and less diverse, not designed plot by plot, like German tenements, but instead predominantly designed and built as entire blocks at once.  Similarly, long before the Soviet-style communism or war damage, the planned working-class estates of Manchester created drab, monotonous urban landscapes the rest of the world was yet to replicate - or strive to avoid. Anyone who considers the green planned post-war estates of Warsaw, Prague or Budapest ugly is cordially invited to join me on a guided tour around Manchester, focused on the numerous Victorian terraces that managed to escape 'slum clearances': certainly not what springs to mind when people talk about '19th-century architecture', even though it was THE experience of architecture of that time for most urban dwellers.  Yes, the red-brick and sandstone, tiled roofs and narrow streets are probably, by contrast, a sound testament to the huge problem of concrete weathering and even bigger problem of post-war car-centric urban planning, but otherwise there is no more tangible proof that 'ugly cities' were not conceived by Adolf Loos, Le Corbusier, Lenin or Robert Moses (pick your villain), though each of those men has a lot to answer for.
I appreciate this explanation, but for the last point, "CAR-CENTERED Cities". Look at some projects of 1930s car parkings and petrol stations, or at those old diners. They are fascinating!  It is all about taste, which architects lack now, not about a certain old or new style.
Wait r u Hungarian ?
This makes me think of a place I regularly visit has a beautiful old fashioned church with gorgeous architecture and a garden then there’s a massive water plant right next to it that’s basically a big square with nothing but blue windows. It gives me so much whiplash
I despise modern architecture. So boring, ugly and void of any creativity. Heaven forbid they create something pretty instead of a ugly box. In NYC they skyline isn’t even unique anymore it’s ugly now with all the box towers and glass everywhere. How original. “How do we decorate this building?” “Oh just slap glass ALL OVER IT AND BLIND EVERYONE DURING SUNRISE AND SUNSET.” BORING. Get creative and stop being cheap!
I FUCKING HATE MODERN BUILDINGS AND LOVE CLASSIC BUILDINGS
Any other time this dude would accuse the conservatives of being literal demons with zero nuance but here he decides because it is people along his political ideology that pushed for this that it is now super nuanced... smh. I hate ideologues. Holy shit is he an ideologue... believes any and all bad things about the other side and degrades them constantly and pretends his side is more perfect than god himself. This guy is an elitist clown that feels his "religion" makes him better than everybody else, Id rather a crazy conspiracy theorist than this holier than thou moral busy body..
A4gh. My God dude, it's like cars stole your girlfriend. I love cars. Convenience trumps trains, dude.
Cheap isn't beautiful, its cheap and functional.
Also, in respect to "houses becoming a commodity": beautiful 19th century houses were just as much commodities, their owners made an investments and expected high rents in return for that beauty (and at the time modern facilities). Those who lived there were overwhelmingly tenants and moved around a lot, with little chance or interest in become home owners.
I would strongly disagree about "changing tastes" - if asked to choose between living in a beautiful 19th century building with modernised facilities, or a 1970s concrete box virtually no-one would pick the latter out of taste, or because they "dislike ornamentation"
Conservative always praise the past and despise the present. But the present become the past. And what former conservative were despising become what they praise. It's the circle of life I guess.
This trend of "boxes" and designs without character has affecting almost everything. Look at the logos, websites, clothing. Nothing stands out anymore.
The strip district in Pittsburgh would be so much nicer without cars
6:09 Groverhaus LMAO!
Conservatism is built around the ideal that the past is better and we must return to better simpler times because of reasons. So of course anything "modern" is decried as evil and bad and a conspiracy. What's "modern" changing over time of course.
fairly certain buildings were less beautiful even before herbert hoover was credited with making ugly slums mandatory to cut costs.
Sounds like the destruction of the west.
I think it’s funny how we in the west blast commie blocks for being repressive all while we live in the most cookie cutter, cloned houses/apartments. All modern upper class homes look exactly the same and they all live on top of each other in some shitty suburb 45 minutes away from town where they’re all depressed and miserable and on drugs. Then they door dash from said city  and tip the fucking driver 6 dollars while bitching about their food being cold. Then when you go to the city now everything just looks like capitalisms idea of efficiency and beauty which aren’t even affordable for people to live in so more people move out to the suburbs. American infrastructure is so bad I’m not really sure we can even actually “fix” it. We really do just need to rip a lot of shit down and rebuild it because said shit has been there since the 1900s when we still were laying lead piping for drinking water.
as usual, cars (big oil to be exact) is to be held accountable for us not being able to have nice things anymore.
You may not put on a 17th century suit to a job interview but it definitely looks better than our modern suits.
I find it hilarious how people whine and moan about modern architecture. I love it. I think it looks super cool. But I dunno, there were people that complained about the architecture that you say is beautiful at one point in history. People are ALWAYS gonna complain.
ONLY MONEY!!!
The point is that mass produced steel, glass and concrete, heavy machinery and cheaper building practices didn’t exists back when these beautiful buildings were constructed. So they would have cost much more to build. So the price of adding ornamentation would have been a small percentage of the overall cost. Also a lot of these building were built at the height of European colonialism where money was flooding into European cities from the exploitation of most of the rest of the world.  Also I think there might be a slight bias here where only the nice buildings from history still exist. Expensive buildings were maintained better over time and made of more durable materials.
so depressing! :(
8:48 Wow, is that a real foto? The parking size is about 20 times larger than the stadium! So much wasted space... :(
Maybe it should be pointed out that old ugly buildings also are no more? - well not maybe ugly but plain: No one was too keen on recreating the simple tenements in Europe after they were bombed or burnt down, but people worked hard to maintain and in some cases, completely recreate the pretty ones - see Warsaw old centre, rebuilt by hand reclaimed medieval brick by brick so tourists can overlook it now as it's 'not original'. I'm from Finland, and the wooden workers housing wasn't ugly as such, just plain wooden buildings but quite pleasant proportions, definitely no ornamentation as such, but also absolutely flammable. Towns were completely replanned, street grid and all (though mainly before modernism took off) because they kept burning down, but the few rich people's houses and public buildings in the centre survived, being stone and brick.
Video: "Why don't we build "Beautiful" buildings anymore" Me: "Is the answer capitalism?" Video:  provides interesting facts about the history of modern architecture.  me: "ooh" Video: "Now lets get into capitalism" me: "There it is."
You make an excellent case for why things are the way they are but in begs the question: why don't we demand better within city centers? These are places we want to be walkable and enjoyed, where we want to encourage people to spend time after work.
Joe Rogan promotes athletic greens 😬
2:23 I immediately tapped the like button, which I usually just do at the end of the video. More cat, please. Edit -  I'm from Lisbon, Portugal. Although these uninspired, plain modern buildings can also be found mostly in the outskirts of the city, we have the incredibly lucky cultural feature of having decorative tiles on the façades of many of our buildings. Because of this old buildings are usually completely rebuilt on the inside, but retain their old traditional look. It gives them a uniqueness that can rarely be replaced or even replicated. This happens all over the country, though because many smaller towns or villages used to have only one or two important buildings and the rest were humble peasants' homes, smaller communities are riddled with these ugly modern apartment buildings.  I wish there was a revival of aesthetically pleasing and eclectic architecture, rather than just this monotony. After all, we have to live in and with these structures.
When I was a kid, my neighbors worked in the construction business. Specifically, they built some of the most beautiful log houses I have ever seen. Rustic on the outside, modern on the inside. They really were amazing.  And nobody ever bought one. Most of their construction jobs were for basic, boring, and completely standard houses.  Why? Because quality costs money, and people don't actually want to buy a house that will last for 100+ years. They want something cheap, and that won't fall apart in the mere 15 years that they live there. That's all.
+1 for that "soilent green" commercial ;)
So the takeaway here is that we have ugly, shitty architecture because we have an ugly, shitty society, with ugly, shitty culture.  Sounds about right.
What you call ugly glass cubes, I call glimmering monuments to humanity's potential. There is nothing more pleasing to my eye than the sight of these towering edifices in the distance. A reminder of how far we've come since the beginnings of our civilization, the omnipresence and unity of our society, and our hope one day to reach beyond the atmosphere into the heavens above.
I wonder what the villain of this video would be.  Ah! Late stage capitalism and your side kick in villainy a car centric society! I knew it would be you!
I actually like the minimalism of modernist architecture, I think the problem is that it's kind of been watered down into the corporate version of modernism. It's all the simplicity, without any of the understanding. Grey and white boxes of flat textures.  I think the best modern structures focus less on ornamentation, and more on shape, texture, and color contrast. They might not use as many colors, but they use two or three very bold ones. They might not have complex exteriors, but the combination of simple shapes casts shadows that highlight the form of the structure. They might have a lot of flat walls, but those walls are made of materials that cast of light and Shadow in a way that creates detail.  This is why something like Sydney Opera House or the Eiffel Tower work, while a Walmart does not.
IN terms of only housing 7 instead of 10 due to ornamentation (or other unnecessary amenities) taken to an extreme would be to look at attempts to build "low cost" housing for the homeless in LA. Which spiraled so wildly out of control it is a joke while undermining the idea of public housing in a city with a housing crisis.
End point : stop f ucking building cars, there's way t oo  much cars
Profit motif and speculation are not a good explanation. 19th and early 20th century europe and US were more capitalistic than today. Profit motif and speculation were prevalent back then as well and houses were build by private developers as well.   The car-centric city is a better explanation, I think. Architectural style may also contribute, I don't know how it has changed during the 20th century.
10:22 fin.
3:10 He sounds much older than he looks.
Whilst i also hate cars and capitalism, and love your ability to make any topic an argument to hate those, you forgot to mention one of, if the most important reason, survivorship bias. Any old building that was not considered good looking, had absolutely no chance of being preserved, as such, when walking down older parts of town, you only see buildings that people deemed worthy enough to preserve, while ugly buildings were demolished once they reached their life span.
Basically its all a form of Demoralization, but you guys arent ready for that rabbit hole
fools live in these houses)
Soylent Green? 😮
If we want to see those beautiful buildings again, I believe that jobs like stone carvers, woodworkers, and other craft jobs should come back as those jobs are important for architects to make those beautifully classically designed buildings come to life again.
The true comedy here is that those ugly commie blocks are now unaffordable real estate.
Or take the old Stadtbahn stations in Vienna. Baroque architecture by Otto Wagner.
Really like your channel - but taking a sponsorship from AG1 leaves a sour taste in my mouth.
It's not a coincidence modern buildings are ugly, they are purposely designed and built that way to "demoralize" the communities they take up space in. Socialists have put these policies in place decades ago.
I want privative with my vegetable stand.  I looked in a time-life book, saw a picture of a Swiss neolithic village on a lake, and proceeded to build a version of one of those huts using aspen trees and split oak shakes.  I compromised and used wire nails instead of hand woven cordage to hold the roofing on, but otherwise it's close to the original minus the lake they were built in.  🍎 🍆 🥒 🌽 🥕 🍅 😊
Yes, tastes do change, but they were all good tastes. The REAL reason is the one you pointed out.
Don't forget the Blackpool Tower!
Cities should be built for people not for cars. Why don't we have the parking lots outside and public transport inside. I just know it from berlin. You don't necessarily need a car there. Because public transport is everywhere. Maybe we will see a different aproach soon, to make the cities more climate friendly. Maybe we will have space for parks and nice buildings again then. And maybe things are made to last longer then again sine it is far more sustaining.
That was Spain at the very beginning of the video, right?
Old>
Adam, you gotta stop romancing the Panel Houses of the communist era.  És Déli?  Just five minutes after you moaned & groaned about the horrid hallway access into the Prague station?
3:11 brooo I NEVER expected you to look like this. Your voice, accent and the boomer-energy of your videos doesn't suit your looks at all. 😆 I expected you to be 40-50-ish. . Great content btw.
No more modernism that poisons the world
Modernism gained favour after WW2 as classicism was the "offical" architecture of the dictators. With much of Europe flattened utopian visions that could be built cheaper and faster whilst providing modern amenities along with the idea of a higher quality of life was embraced by bankrupt countries. Much of what was built in the post war years has since been demolished.
BLUF, look at all the original promoters and creators.. they have an ethnic commonality.. also note that same commonality attacks people who build beautiful buildings as "fascist." that's kind of weird isn't it? Look into it.  These same people also are the chief critics who own most of the publishers that review a art and architecture.. Look up the 47 goals of the communist  party. Now look at the vast majority of architects at the biggest firms in the country and see if they have something in common.
As always most of what he talks about "Capitalism" is complete bullshit but the rest of the vídeo is indeed pretty good, there's nothing wrong with the development of culture and architecture.
As an architect who once designed this stuff you are 100% correct.
All these new apartments are the same.  Just a different color on the outside and a name.  All over the USA.  You can't tell where you're at.  Japan actually has a standard system for Apartment sizes.   Depending on how many tatami mats, etc.  So an A1 is an A1.  But they still make some very interesting and wacky small apartments and houses that makes use of space when they can.  With kitchens and bathrooms in strange places.    I like it.  It's different.
Buildings look bad because of profit and cars. Give me a break man!
Omg so this is Adam something look like 3:08 😱 from his accent and voice, I thought Adam is something mid aged 35 man with full beard, this is not what I imagine  Adam is cute 😍😍🤤🤤
Bring back the old pretty buildings!
Planning permission should insist on beauty. Regions should maintain their historic style otherwise you could be in any country in the World, i.e. glass and steel buildings. Your reasons are not legitimate excuses. Local planning permission needs to stop the rot and give us beautiful buildings.
I disagree that tastes have changed with the times. The most photographed buildings are ALWAYS the old ornamented ones. NOBODY takes photos of ugly prefabs and cookie cutter apartments because they don't like them. They're not appealing to look at. They're not inspiring.
Part of the problem is planning permission. Council members think that these sorts of buildings look old-fashioned and will lower property values, so they force them to make the design more bland to get permission.
Another problem; if you build a nice area with a walkable layout, public transport access, practical and nice looking housing, public parks and resources like libraries and daycare, no matter how affordable you make it rich people will buy it up quicker than poor people and push the poors out.
Answer: We suck.
REPEAT : BEAUTY IS IN THE EYES OF THE BEHOLDER. YOUR MAIN ISSUE IS ON THE CLASSICAL DECORATIVE FACADES; WHICH IS HARDLY WHAT ARCHITECTURE IS ABOUT
I love how you present info in a factual and informative way. Most people I hear just scream at the other side and nothing happens
Another reason why capitalism in its most extreme form isn’t good. We need a more balanced economic system
Although interesting, i think you are forgetting a major point: energy efficiency. Modern buildings are usually made with materials and ways that will ensure a more efficient and less costly energy consumption. Compare it to a beautiful building made of marble or granite: For sure they'd be more eye pleasing, but they'd also be way more costly to maintain and operate.
Lack of any vision. Most modern architecture could easily be remade with shipping containers.....one box stacked on top of another.
The sad part is that even these ugly newly constructed buildings with cheap materials are not affordable for most people....
Uhh i actually like the apartments shown at minute 5:40 ...
3:55 literally no one is blaming modern architecture to racism. Only you and your twisted mind.  Where do you get that garbage? From a post saying "left wing architecture is designed to crush the human spirit"? Where do you see anything racist in that phrase? Do you need to go back to school and learn the meaning of words?  Stop throwing false accusations.
In ten minutes you've explained something I never understood before and now I know. Ten minutes well spent, your videos are always time well spent. Thanks Adam!
You get straight to the point, no useless information, no repeating and fast paced way of talking. It's rare nowadays to find videos with such percentage of useful information. Thank you.
Modernism is about form following function, now it's about form following money
Dude, you should see how my city of Novi Sad has changed from the most lovely city in Serbia to a concrete, lego like building infested area in just 25 years. 20 years ago my city had around 39 m2 of "green areas" per citizen. Now we have less than 10 m2 per capita. City is infested with car traffic jams, although it is a cyclist and pedestrian heaven (the entire city is about 5 km in diameter). Now the minimalist public transportation is going to be cut down even more, because "there is no need for so many city buses". 15 years ago i would be waiting for a bus like 10 minutes, and now it is 20, or even more, and buses are crowded. But our city planers think buses are useless. Well they are if it takes you half an hour walk to get to a place where bus would take you in 5 minutes, but you need to wait at the bus station for half an hour for that bus to come.
😢
How ironic, that sixty years ago they solved a housing crisis by mass-producing cheap and quick to build commie-block buildings...and today, in another housing crisis, those VERY SAME barely renovated, just as horrible to live in commie-blocks are just as unaffordable as everything else.   Best part is that the commrades in the 70's estimated the maximum lifespan of these structures to be at most 80 years, all too aware that the fairly thin concrete panels are not made to last like the sturdy thick-ass-walled and beautiful 1901 residential complex next it. The plan was always to just relocate the people from the old ones to new ones, tear the old down and build some more. Rinse and repeat. It's cheap, after all...right?  Instead, we have third of our country's population still living in these today, because our modern commrades decided there's no need to tear down these perfectly awful buildings, just slap some isolation stuff on it, paint it nice and colorful and ta-da~! Good as new, now pay full price for it peasants, thank you very much.
Sounds socialistic ….
Personally I prefer modern building style than old building style
Tastes have nothing to do with it, this is such a pseudo intellectual take.
Uhm that is not modernism, that is post-modernism.
IDK I kinda like the modernist brownstones
i gont get the comparison of buildings with 17th century noble closing and modern official suit. what it has to do with buildings? meeting a dude dressed in old clothes maybe weird. finding historical building is not weird at all.
This video basically used the same excuse people give as to why we don't build walkable and transit oriented cities anymore.
Capitalism?) All that beautiful buildings, made in 19th century- made by capitalism.  While ugly grey boxes build in times of social democracy or socialism.  And for your information, capitalism is when there is NO taxes. When gov spends is around 5%.  Even the most free countries of nowadays have gov spends and taxes 3 times more.  So capitalism ends hundred years ago.  If government allow you to have property- it's not a capitalism.  Capitalism is when an individual is as free from government, as possible. It's when government provides only court, jale and army functions.  Capitalism is when there is no government monopoly central bank, no welfare, no government roads or factories. No regulations and no army of officials.   Western people are always blame capitalism, don't knowing what sufferings can bring big state and socialism.
Yeah, Le Corbusier didn't exist with his dream of human uniformisation. Removing beauty from architecture in order to make people less attached to their trandition and their roots so they can become the New Man. Dude build stuff for the USSR for that purpose and is the Pope of brutalism (uka uglyness aka soviet-style architecture).  It's a stretch to think that there is absolutely no ideology behind these ugly things. It might not be the sole thing but still.
Thank you for a good video. As a practising and teaching European architect, I’m usually quite worried about videos such as this but you went through some of the real reasons for this change. There are however, more reasons (naturally). One interesting aspect of modernism that often gets overlooked, is that as well as being more functional compared to older buildings at the time, the modern aesthetic was seen as a clear departure from the very hierarchical and conservative regimes of the past. Classical architecture was tightly linked to the use of power and opression by the few. Modernism represented democracy and equal rights writ large, which had an influence on the tastes at the time. It was fresh, optimistic, and coupled with the rapid technological development in the early 1900s, represented a bright future. Architects nor anybody else could see that the influence of monotonous cityscapes would be negative. It was in fact not possible to experience what this development would bring before it had already happened. The scale of building after the second world war was so great that it dwarfed everything that had come before. Thus we should be more understanding of the people who pushed for great modernist city projects at the time.  Architectural history is interestingly filled with people being shocked by classical buildings as well – this is not just a modern occurance. In fact, the changing of architectural styles caused a lot of hate even with the evolution classical styles, more as a rule rather than as an exception. We nowadays view classical styles as a monolithic entity but they were all seen as quite great departures from each other at the time of their inception. People do actually get used to buildings and their tastes end up getting influenced by said buildings: there is data to show that at the age of 40-50 years, buildings of any given era are at their most hated, after that they start to become more liked, ultimately resulting in their lasting appreciation. We will see this happen to more and more modernist buildings in the coming decades. It should also be noted, that we also only see the very best of classical architecture nowadays (furthermore with modern amenities, plumbing, electricity, etc.) so we are all subject to great bias in that respect: most classical architecture has been lost to time as worse quality buildings were either torn down or became ruined long before present day. This similars development will happen to modernist buildings as well (if modern economic factors manage to not ruin this natural process).  I should also say, that as someone who has studied both classical and modern design techniques (and worked with both) they are not all that different and are actually beginning to merge. Classical architecture is coming back and becoming one with modernist principles at this very moment. We had this originally happen during the 1970-80s with postmodernism but that ended up as an unsuccessful trial (largely due to the modern economic drivers impacting construction and because architects were perhaps not able to bring about this ”merging” so quickly). After that we’ve had quite a few different approaches to modern design and cerain aspects of classical design but only now are we seeing an unironic utilization of classical techniques alongside modernist design techniques. This process will take time though because changes in the built environment and its culture are always slow. Luckily, the push towards sustainability is helping in this evolution, as quality construction and the possibility to repair buildings is becoming more and more important. Iteration, not just innovation, is getting recognized once more.  There are however, some worrisome caveats to this development, as we are currently also seeing the rise of authoritarian powers as well many populist ideologies within society. Many pro-classicist movements (in fact most of the big ones that I have seen in Europe and the US) are partly tied to the influence of such bad actors. People are right to request more beauty in their built environments but this should not come about through the seemingly easy answers that this type of political development often entails (eg. you should not simply ban ”modern” architecture). Claims of ”moving society back to it’s golden age” and the outright rejection of modern values should be clear signs for people to dig a little deaper and to not accept things at face value. People should understand that while architecture seems simple on the outside, the cultural and economic drivers that push it forward are in fact complex and should be respected as such. Without this respect, we risk pushing architecture backwards, and re-connecting classical architecture with it’s roots as a force for opression and for highlighting the status of the few.
Another reason is we are not able to do nice ornaments even if we try. It is weird, but 21 century ornaments are somehow ugly, whereas the 19 century ornaments are beautiful. It has something to do with shapes, proportions, harmony, lack of inperfection and different materials, but I don't know what is the exact reason behind it. It is not that no one builds decorated building any more, it's more about the problem that when we build them nowadays, they are disaster.
Eiffel Tower and Empire State Building are not modernist they are built with modern materials but were designed to be beautiful whereas modernist architecture principles consider the question of beauty as irrelevant
If the french city Le Plessis-Robinson did it, every other one could do it. Then you will naturally end up with a beautiful walkable "15 minute city" neighbourhood, instead of by forcing it, as in the UK..but that's another story.
Palais de chaillot and generally the art deco style is a transitory style trying to integrate elements of modernism in a still classical conception  For me it’s a magnificent style that should inspire us again
historical downtowns are the legacy of poor workers and absolute capitalist.....
I'm a big lefty, but every time people show examples of "ugly modern buildings" I almost always think they look really pretty lol. I'm in the small minority of lefties who actually enjoys a lot of our modern architecture. Personal preference is a bitch.
I love skyscrapers especially at at the top floors
piči, super videa
Doesn't explain the vanity projects tho. Billionaires and governments spent millions on the ugly box skyscrapers as a dick measuring contest. So why not build something beautiful instead?
Survival Bias is another 'reason' to add to your list. There have been many ugly, badly built old buildings replaced by now. The old buildings we still see are the ones that were properly constructed, as well as nice enough that people worked throughout time to preserve them. These were the exception, not the rule.
Interesting you bring up the commoditization of housing in the US. I was a kid when the housing bubble burst, and around that time, I remember hearing something on the radio to the affect of "...well, in good economic news, housing prices rose today...". I wondered how on earth that could be a good thing, that something as essential as living space could be getting more expensive.  In retrospect, it was that exact moment where I began to pivot to socialism.
Hi, im a spanish arquitect, your video is amazimg. However, your use of the word modernism is wrong, cause it refers just to a specific style in catalonia, such as gaudi. The contemporanian style its colled modern, not modernist. But as i said your video is so cool, just for you to know, keep it up.
The Empite State Building is Art Deco. It’s beautiful compared to the other skyscrapers around it.
I just wished we would go back to old modernist architecture. Streamline Moderne, International Style, Mid-Century Modern, and Art deco buildings can be very pretty and still fulfill modern functions.
WTF? The buildings now are not beautifull, excuse me???
No one made a point about the survivorship bias of the good ol' buildings? Sure, the ugly ones back then mostly didn't make it up to today.  Edit: spelling
SketchUp.
I still prefer old beautiful buildings. 🙂I love to look at them and I would love to live in an old beautiful apartment building or an old beautiful house someday.
"Taste changing with the times" is circular reasoning, since it won't be common until it's already common, but the other reasons check out.
They blame it on communists, but it was really Le Corbusier who pioneered modern architecture and his politics were on the far right.
Commie bloks are ugly, but provide lots of housing quickly and cheeply - who cares they are ugly, usually arent up tp code, have bad insulation and shitty running water, at least you have a roof over your head.  Evil greedy capitalist building are ugly and cheeply made, all due to corporate greed and the want to build the most hoses and sell them at a competitive market price, which is high due to over regulation on the local level, NIMBYs, endless hoops to jump through and obviously having to build building up to some kind of standard, like always running hot and cold water, insulation, apartment size minimums, modern fire and safety standards.   Ooooo those greedy capitalists, being competitive and having to jump through hoops (that public housing usually "over looks" for the benefit of the people ofcourse), making their investments hinge on fickle burocrats and activists that are empowered by the government - to somehow make a profit.  I couldn't believe a commie can be a hypocrite in the same paragraph, untill today. Thanks Adam for proving that Dogma is so strong in your head, that even after writing, recording, editing and maybe even rewatching your own video. You make a direct comparison between central planning and the free (mixed) market, where you basically describe the same process - and yet omit all of the problems you definitely know, the not so free housing market has, and you still blame "greedy capitalists", even though their contribution to the supply, didn't cost the public (aka the government, the taxes, etc) a dime, and after completion the government even takes a cut - so a net contribution.
I just want woodblocks
Because there is no $ return on beauty to the owner, and since it is corporations doing the all the owning ...
😏
The comments are encouraging because they’re starting to make me understand, people don’t hate modern architecture, they’d just prefer it if the characterless ones spent a little more money adding some visual interest and the easiest way to do that is to look to the past.   It’s actually not that simple because you’ll have a dull building with some ornament instead of a nice building.   Encouragingly it is a topic of discussion among architects. Names like Thomas Heatherwick, Bjarke Ingels (sometimes Thomas and Bjarke’s contextual appropriateness is questionable) but also David Adjaye, Adam Caruso and Francis Chere are very interested in introducing character into their architecture. As the above video illustrates, it’s a real struggle but there are some very good examples.
2:05 No, I would not go in a suit to a job interview. Actually I wouldn't go to an interview at all. People need me, not the other way around. First thing I did when finishing school is to trow away my suit in a garbage. Honestly I would rather wear ancient noble clothes than this modern, boring, one-size-fits-all abomination of a clothing.
This is interesting as I am a fan of both modern architecture and other buildings! I think the issue is more or less not the buildings themselves, but their surroundings. Parklands and gardens can make a huge difference in how pretty a city is, as well as the urban planning around the buildings. Examples is beautiful modern cities include Singapore, Vancouver, and Sydney. Examples of beautiful more traditional cities include Paris, Rome and Madrid.
I appreciate, enjoy, and like brutalist architecture
Bien vu et on ressent aussi ça en France; pour faire vite et mal , on produit de la laideur ; les gens ne sont ni heureux ni fiers d’y habiter, et,ne prennent pas soin du coup de leur lieux de vie.Déprimant .
Your videos are great, I think you cover very interesting topics, but I would like to make a suggestion: the fact that you speak so fast together with your accent makes it sometimes difficult to understand what you say. I am not a native English speaker, but I think I have good listening skills, and still, whenever I watch your videos I end up using the subtitles (something I don't usually need to do). Also, I understand that you're just trying to condense as much information into as little time as possible, but I really think your videos would benefit from a slower pace!
Before the video: it’s because of money, isn’t it? After the video: it’s because of money.
In Scandinavia they are really good at creating new buildings and places that are modern, but really welcoming and pleasant to be around. But that is because of strict regulation.
Wake up! it is more cheaper...
1:13 I love how you're giving credit for modernism (so development therefore capitalism) to the left (progressives) while capitalists that truly made all of this possible are relegated as "conservatives" as if they'd prefer to build castles instead. Yeah it's a reach but Adam is also very biased
I really laughed at the end with "there was my excuse to talk about rail". It all comes back to trains 😂
I'd have to say, tastes are obviously changing yet again if we are talking about this!  Necessity to house people is a completely separate issue.  Curb appeal matters, and it matters a lot.  Everything is car-centric, including both ugly and beautiful buildings - it definitely needs to be worked on, but I don't see it as a viable excuse here.
Car centric infrastructure is absolutely disgusting. Capitalism is making our world uglier and uglier as well as destroying our climate. Building housing as commodities to sell for profit and investment is partially why there is such a massive housing crisis in the U.S. right now.
Wow, the strawmanning in this vid is kinda cringe.
AG1 commercial made this video 👍🏻Those cats are cute.
One word money! These ugly buildings are cheaper. That's it. I wish we could build like back in the day, but as long as crap is cheap they'll keep building crap!
I started watching the video without realizing it's Adam but when the car rant begun I had no doubts
In my city all new housing estates look the same. We joke about them being cookie cutter but they are all showroom neighbourhoods where builders give you the designs you can choose from. Building codes help with the efficiency of the homes but they can’t stop every build from looking equally soulless
The empire state building doesn't fall under modernism.
…but you’re just not as smart as your ancestors; they sustained several thousands; you only need two days; you won lottery you gamble you opioids you TNT
Don't like concrete boxes? White supremacist!!!!;!!;!
If nothing else, respect this point:  the people moving into these boring mass produced soul-stiflers, were for the first time in possession of electricity and indoor plumbing.  Plus, I'll add, heat and cooking did not depend on gleaning firewood or coal from the outskirts of the village. 4:52
Because we didn't build the beautiful ones in the first place🤣
I'd be totally down with mass produced *gothic* concrete elements everywhere! XD
Art is of course subjective. However, regardless of the reasons, loss of beauty, craftsmanship and care in building structures is a sign of a civilisation is decay. This is repeated numerous times in history.
Sad phenomenon
ok, now how do we fix that?
Trailers now look better than homes and office buildings, and for you telling the Truth, my disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined.
CAR CENTRIC INFRASTRUCTURE STRIKES AGAIN
this is so sad and depressing
As a real estate agent, it really comes down to one thing, space. An "ugly" box will always have more interior space than a neoclassical or art deco building which equals to more apartments meaning more money made on a project. It's that simple really.
Ik this may sound biased, but I feel like he Eiffel Tower is one of the only modern buildings that are actually beautiful as it was built in a time influenced by neoclassism and aestheticism
Well also, those Beautiful houses weren't built by people like "us", they were the houses of the elite of that time, the elite of this time still builds beautiful homes for them, they're just not in the cities anymore.
designs are just trends / temporary fashion they come and go
My camera is full of beautiful old buildings here in NYC
Still look like ass
I live in one of those 'commie blocks' and i love it! My rent is just about 406 euro which is half the price of a similar private apartment **if your lucky**! What's more important is in what kind of city and neighborhood you live in. I love my city and neighborhood so i'm a happy person! 💟
Art Deco was an era that is severely underappreciated. It's the Gothic architecture of the 20th century and didn't last anywhere near as long as it deserved.
Showing up to a job interview in 17th century garb would be pretty based actually. At the very least you'd leave an impression.
Research Tartary and ancient giants
So money
Interesting topic and you offer some valid points, however, that’s not the whole story. Communism fundamentally sees people differently — not as individuals but as cogs in a machine of the State. Therefore it was simply fitting to stack them like worker bees in a hive. The message was we the State will plan your life and we will plan it efficiently to our ideology. No personal input or tastes allowed. Cost of course was a factor, but compare it to the free market in the US. Those Stalinesque settlements don’t exist in the US except for socialist trending cities like NYC where the tenants don’t choose with their own money. The rest of the country, esp. compared to the rest of the world, is surprisingly old-fashioned and traditional in its architectural style. That’s because architects in the US are not pressured to conform to the “totalitarian architectural overlords” that will take away your architect license if you don’t conform to the modern design spirit as they define it — as in Europe. In the US an architect can still design pretty much whatever they, or more importantly what the client wishes. — The other fallacy is your assertion that cars are bad. Cars are great because they allow ultimate freedom of movement. And today’s cars certainly don’t contribute significantly to “global warming.”  I say let people decide how and where they want to live. Some people enjoy the suburban lifestyle and don’t like cramped city life. Others love the city lifestyle where everything is doable on foot, on bike or with public transportation. Their ideal would be a traditional city with beautiful public buildings and — because people will vote with their pocket books — beautiful apartment buildings. Here cars  will naturally be reduced or made unnecessary. ——-  Importantly encourage individual ownership! When people own something even if it’s only a share in something, they take pride in it and want to see it flourish. They begin to care. That’s the other big psychological difference between free market economies and Marxist Socialist Communist regimes. It never fails. Look at any building that’s beautiful and ask who built it. Pride of individual ownership and an expression of that individual’s personality is always behind it.
"Just taste ^^"  Everyone hates them.  And as some other people pointed out, you barely showed the worst. For example, the national dance center in Pantin, Paris (Centre national de la dance) no color except for the ugly red logo on top, old dirty concrete that's already falling apart, all gray, all dead. This is ugly.  Jean Renaudie's "Stars" ("Etoiles") in Paris as well are really ugly as well. Only locals or aspiring architects would come to Paris to visit it. People rather see the historical center than the modern ugly concrete gray dead-inside buildings. In France (Sorry, I take the case of the country I live in, but it is still affected by the construction of brutalist architecture styled buildings), according to INSEE (National Institute of Statistics and Economic Studies), as of 2021 8.2% of the 36 247 000 housing (it is 2 972 254) is inhabited. Plus, the European (more specifically french in this case) natality rate is decreasing. We don't need as much housing as we used during the baby boom. Finally, the last train station showed as the video ends is not "Beautiful in its own way". It's lame, square and dead. It's ugly. Also, I'll head that this era of extreme functionality was the same as when behaviorism, the psychological idea which excluded feelings and emotions from the human psyche and lead to traumatic experiences on children was a thing. Because at these times extreme functionalism was a thing doesn't mean we should also take it as well because it brings a good amount of crap.
0:23 i actually like the look of the glass office towers more than the apartment buildings shown earlier or the big-box stores shown afterwards. if you look closely you'll actually a lot of variation in aesthetics in these "glass cubes" especially compared to strip-malls and modern apartments.
Respect historic heritage site new building within this site should follow the classical structural design  while new developing city or town could build modern structure that blend to it's futuristic theme
Arbitrary and unnecessary design review boards also means developers go for safe options that follow previously approved formulas.
"we are living a neoliberal captalism" thats when i stopped watching the video.
The architecture comparison with fashion argument is a really unfortunate one, as the formal fashion in the 19th century was already pretty much as we have nowadays, suits didn't changed much, and I've heard anyone from that time complaining about how their garbs didn't match with the urban landscape. Also, of course, if it wasn't for the fact that I would be judged and seen as some weirdo nowadays, I would absolutely love to wear 17th century garbs.
4:08 Tatabánya, Hungary
It's probably mainly because the buildings have to be so high. You need metal and glass for that, and you need a lot of natural light into those buildings because they cast a shadow over each other. Can we all just agree that cities suck and try to at least ourselves pick a decent architect for our own house in the future? Let city people do what they do best .. suffer.
You had the opportunity to be serious and neutral about an issue but instead you decided to advocate woke ideology.
Profit focused
Love this video! 👏
Greed
As a resident of one of the homes in the shot at 8:39, um...yeah, no, you're right...😢
8:47 why dont they thinnk of a parking space that goes in to the ground or up to not fuck so mutch land or ofc public trasport
Wouldn't the efficiency and cost part an issue no matter who's making the buildings, and what the laws are?
Am I the only one who likes the new buildings? I feel like the old ones are very tasteless, flaunting wealth. Idk I much prefer the light and airy feeling of newer buildings. That being said I think the diversity of buildings is the best. I don't want to see only new style buildings and I don't want to see only old style buildings.
This video is full of BS. It's not just the cheap buildings that are ugly, but especially the expensive ones. Moreover, if the perception of architectural beauty had changed over time, there would be no need for this video to exist.
I mean, what people mean by beautiful buildings kinda depends on one's perspective, but they're are some buildings that are indisputable eyesores.
As anonymous investor, I dont care how it look as long as its perform well in economic term. Today people will adore me for how rich I am not for how beautiful my property is. Most of us, We dont know the value of beauty anymore. I bet most rich people have same opinion. So when it come to how it look, its not our main priority.
It’s all about priorities.
Copium, bad video
Bro so you even know the cost of beautiful architecture
problem with some modernist and post-modernist buildings is that they look "cool" and "modern/futuristic" at the beginning, maybe the first 5-10 years.. but soon look dated "that building soo 1990s", compared to timeless classic designs.   But who knows, maybe a half a century to a century later, that 90s building begins to look "classic"
Let’s just throw it up CHEAP, so it want last long  ….tear it down do it again!  All instead of building quality and beauty.
Because there's a war on tradition. Elites need more modular and minimal architecture, rendering human imagination and spirit useless
Because IGNORANCE it's the NEW NORMAL
Actually, social housing can be affordable and beautiful, for example, le plassis-robinson near Paris is a great example, it has enough social housing to fulfill demands and looks absolutely gorgeous, it is vibrant, walkable, full of nature. You should check it out
I HATE modernism, no art, no soul, just concrete and glass...that's why classic, will and is classic, I would rather live in a gothic or Classicist house, then glass ass skyscraper. It's sad how we fall from beauty, Europe especially, birthplace of Gothic, Baroque, Classicist...all of them, forgotten, cuz...concreate, I dare anyone of this planet Earth to built Gothic/Neogothic church from concreate, and then we will see, if modern can be beautifully!
Am I the only person who actually prefers modern architecture over older ones? I find shining glass skyscrapers and bright geometric apartments quite elegant. Newer parts of cities are my favourite compared to the more historic areas.
With all respect, I am shocked about the portrayal of those alledegly boring and uninspiring housing blocks in the video. Because they all still look rather beautiful compared to some buildings I witnessed in my life. Either you have too high standards or you really never saw truly ugly buildings. There exists a level of ugliness of architecture that defies words and reason, they not figuratively but literally suck out your soul, they plague the landscape like radiatioactivity, invisible and killing you slowly and painfully.  This video just doesn't do that horror justice. Jokes aside, the video is nice and explanatory, I enjoyed looking at not-so-ugly ugly buildings.
though on a smaller level i agree that the types of cookie cutter condos or office buildings you might see in suburban areas are ugly, and i HATE rationalism, i have to believe that a lot of this hate for modernist architecture as a whole is the product of nostalgia. i am sure that in a hundred years people will be fawning over modernist architecture from the 20th century. personally, i like some brutalism or bauhaus every once in a while!
Blablabla la,,,the reason is than they don,t can't you to be happy but depress     , slave can live like the riche  this caste can support that, it,s not new , always the same !...and please f...k them at school too.! Beautiful modern world !.... But don,t worry the A.I is coming!.
I feel like this goes beyond architecture. It seems the standard of beauty has been lowered for everything almost: music, clothing styles, art....
You did it so much better than aesthetics cities . Thank you
Because back then buildings were built to last
Because Money
so it's basically because of capitalism
I'd love to be able to live even in an ugly commie block. The idea of living independently is just a dream.
OMG nice groverhaus reference @ 6:13
I don't mind the flat modern clean style, I mind it's pervasiveness, and I mind that despite being made as cheaply as possible renting in a new building like that is still incredibly expensive.  There's nothing wrong with a utilitarian building style as long as it serves a utilitarian purpose instead of as an investment vehicle, and having every building look the same is full and uninspiring especially if you still can't even afford to live in the dull and uninspiring area
Not only are they not building more, people have to fight like hell to keep what we still have.  In my city, we have Union Terminal, a beautiful old art deco building that used to be a train station.  It now houses a museum and a few other things, and citizens in the city have had to fight numerous times to prevent it being demolished.
You should visit Japan, they still have some sense for aesthetic buildings. Some of the highway stations are designed to look like medieval Japanese Edo and they always have decent quality local specialties (food) for take away. Traveling long distances (like Tokyo -> Kyoto) with bus is much cheaper than the bullet train too and the stops are really nice
I like Your channel and Your videos, cause You are right a lot of times, but this video is just bullshit, most of the time.   How can You blame capitalism for the demise of ornamented buildings when most of those beautiful buildings were built by capitalists to begin with?  While also failing to acknowledge that the most ugly buildings (commie blocks), and most prominent failed developments such as Pruit Igoe were all social housing?   Also you claim that governments cut corners always out of practical reasons, even though they usually defraud tons of money in the process, yet private companies always do cuts out of greed?  How come?   Here's the real story: Most of those beautiful buildings were built by rich people, who were so rich at a time, that they started a widespread dick waving contest about who is building the most classy buildings. That's it. And most of those buildings were either for rich, or were cramped, dysfunctional, poorly lit, poorly built sh*tholes, pretty outside, ugly inside - why? Cause the rich didn't give a damn about their interiors, the only way they would look at them was from the outside.   Then modernist, who had enough  of that pathological scheme came up with a revolutionary idea "form follows function" - and it all begun. And in the process they showed private developers, that it's OK to build concrete boxes.   Those crappy uniform apartment blocks are made that way cause otherwise the wouldn't sell. Cause most people buying an apartment would always choose bigger or cheaper one over the most ornamented one. Simple as that.   Those ornamentation were product of outrageous social inequalities and they  disappeared with them in most countries. But don't worry, oligarchy is going back, because socialist are so frantically busy putting taxes and regulations on everything that soon only the biggest companies would be rich enough to afford functioning with them ;) and the rest will be at their mercy.
This isn't a problem tbh. Outside of the internet most people aren't thinking about whether a building is ornamental enough.
I visited Prague 2 years ago and I DID admire the railway station! But yes, lots of confusion with the underground passages there 🙃
The only very modern, contemporaneous blocks of apartments I like in my province I like are the Kronos apartment building, and the Catalonia and Roma towers...yeah they may look boring to some, but atleast they are in pretty creme, soft grey, black and white and just black color....on the outside. I've seen the inside and they are very comfy...or.... maybe I am too used to it that I find it pretty. Fortunately I live near a city, a province that is a patrimonium of history...so yeah the pretty old buildings and those more ornamented buildings can't be destroyed...so we'll be enjoying those for a loooong time.
in my beautiful historic suburban neighborhood, we have small brick shops lining our main road. it  was quaint but upkept with neat sidewalk, large trees, lawns, and bushes. even with grass and shrubs between the sidewalk and the road. there were historic street lamps and a beautiful brick shopping center. there weren't even any power lines above ground to ruin the aesthetic. now there are huge ugly apartments and hotels on the road that tower over the cute brick shops. there is no green space between the new buildings and the road. it looks horrible and ugly. they are grey, plain, flat, and overall an eye sore. i understand there's a need for housing now but it's just disappointing they didn't follow the historical design all around them. i think extra care could have gone into making them match with a brick exterior, even if it would've been more expensive.
Ah yes, the guy talking about buildings is tryina sell me supplements 😂
Orbán Viktor really took me by surprise😂 God lord, he keeps creeping on me on the internet as well 😢
always lol at groverhaus
Capitalism and Beauty are no match.
On changing tastes: This is mainly the changed taste of architects. Most people would still prefer less sterile buildings. That is why tourists visit historic city centers rather than the suburbs or business districts.    That the taste of architects is a big factor can be seen when architects get a big budget, in that case they will still avoid anything that reeks of traditional architecture.  Regarding those 5 over ones:  they may look similar everywhere, but they are definitely better looking than a lot of what has been built since ww2. At least they have some colour,  some recesses that break up the box shape, and a visual division between the shops at ground level and the apartments above them.  The big question is of course how well they will age. Because of the cheap quality of materials I fear the worst.
I much prefer the modern styles to be honest.  Pre-modern might be interesting to look at occasionally, but I find it fussy and pretentious and not a place I'd want to live.  Which isn't to say I want to live in unadorned cubes either; those modern examples you showed with form *and* function would be my ideal.  And not held together by glue and sticks, obviously.
Those giant white walls on the sides of the blocks are begging for some awesome murals.  Why didn't they do that?
That's a good video, but I wouldn't blame liberalism because liberalism isn't about this. Or what are you understanding under "neo-liberalism"?
.
5:58 hits different following the earthquake in turkey. Lives were lost as a result of trying to cut costs with faulty construction and weak materials.
You can blame the Banks, lend money for housing development with huge parking lot so they can encourage us to borrow more money for to buy a car
Oh! 0:58 that's Vilnius! City I was born in! Some drunk dude crashed ad broke one of those statues a few years ago.
The argument @4:20 is definitely false. In Western Germany, many liveable and restored old parts were erased in the 60s-80s. Old, beautiful buildings were demolished, parks exchanged with concrete structures. And this was 100% not due to a lack of housing. Otherwise, you would have built those modernist houses in free areas instead of demolishing old ones and hence reducing the supply of housing-units. It's more sinister and the alleged South-Park themed explanation hold way better. Modernists are individualist up to the point that they are egomaniac and hence despise for instance the lower classes.
Sorry but this is false. Look at some mid-20th century buildings in Paris like CDG Terminal 1, Aillaud towers or any of the multiple HLM towers. They are uglier than anything you show in this video, yet they were built in 60-s and 70-s when economy was booming and post-war housing shortage was solved. No, that's exactly the expression of modernism in architecture championed by Le Corbusier and the likes. But you ignore all of this and just go to blame eViL cApItAlIsM
I'm blown away after seeing you while you were presenting your sponsor. I don't know why, maybe your voice or your knowledge, but I thought you were around 45-50 years old. Your voice doesn't match my mental image of you at all. 😮😂
In my opinion, the bigger problem, at least in the U.S., is when new buildings are built, especially skyscrapers, they're so expensive that the commercial tenants can only be luxury stores or big chains. That's why you don't have "neighborhoody" stores in new development areas, which adds to the sterilized feel. It hits differently when you have a restaurant, niche coffee shop, a pub, and/or a little convenience store vs. new buildings that just have a Starbucks and a Coach store.
Even in the higher end of the markets where the developer buys the land and develops it into profitable condo units, the developer most often chooses to spend more on the interior finishes to be able to sell the units while keeping their returns as high as possible. Exterior ornamentation in residential only really starts to appear in rentable buildings in higher income neighborhoods where the property owners are looking to keep that property for generations. They essentially invest into durable and sometimes custom façade work.
So if communism does cheap souless housing good? If capitalism does cheap souless housing bad?
While I sympathize with people's who's aesthetic is more classical than modern style, I disagree with most of this video except for the parts about cars. I went to a ton of open houses recently, looking for a place, and without question, the new developments with large windows and without ornamentation is stunning from the inside, because you have a whole wall that is essentially a window, if not two if you have a corner unit. And frankly, I don't much care for ornamentation. If I saw it in a museum I'd go "neat, someone put a lot of effort into that", but my style for the day to day is more sleek and simplified, and that meshes well with the current styles. Of course in the video Adam showed some of the more mediocre designs, but there's a lot of great designs out there, look at a cityscape. Buildings often try to have different character so they don't blend in with the others, and when you see a bunch of buildings when you approach a city, it is pretty majestic. I agree with a previous video that there's no need to build particularly tall buildings if you can fit shorter buildings within its land footprint, but that aside, and with the newer technology of concrete techniques and modern nearly perfectly transparent windows to outside views, you can be left in awe at what can be accomplished. I'll take an occupied building of any style over a parking lot any day, I think we can all agree on that at least.
I like modernism but a lot of contemporary buildings are pretty lame
I hate modern architecture
Thumbs up for Villa Tugendhat
make a video about singapore, pretty fuckin ugly
You'll be surprised what they're doing nowadays. Pre-packaged "beauty" buildings. They are recreating those "beautiful" buildings as tourist attraction near their "modern" housing experience, where you own a tiny room in one of those skyscrapers and live "beautifully": walking along the gardens with the kids and the dogs, sometimes eating out, enjoying your work-life balance, and when it's time to go to work, just 2 blocks away you found yourself in a hellhole of a traffic jam. Roads so full your car can barely move every minute and all you hear is the constant horns of the cars. You deal with this everyday accommodating at least an hour to make sure you're not late. And when you arrive to your office, just outside the "modern" "beautiful" office, you allot more minutes again trying to find a parking spot. What a "beautiful" "modern" "life".
The Rockefeller Center is not modernist, it is Art Deco, as is the Empire State Building...
2:01 as someone who wears, a 17th century suit with stockings to a job interview.... i am   D E E P L Y   offended and would like an apology....
OMG , I have to think at "Soylent Green" when watching your AD ...
Especially "Bauhaus" ... which started in Germany in late 1910s but looks very 1960s ...  this very new 5+1 housing reminds me on Soviet literal Commie-Blocs , but far less durable
Commie blocks NEVER solved the public housing shortage.          Anyway, the elimination of classical education from public schools and the trivialization of national traditions has destroyed a sense of aesthetics. On top of that, the global explosion of cheap money, i.e. debt has created a phony middle class and an extreme materialism in the West. Thus most Westerners live far above their means, and this coupled with the lack of quality education translates into poor choices, a lack of vision, and hopelessness.
The multi family apartments and "flats" they're putting up in nice areas around me are horrendous.When you know building and the materials they use. Expensive Rent to. For something that'll be not maintained low income in a couple decades
sell out
But how to change it?
Great video. Just one critique: you speak way to fast, and your pronunciation doesn’t keep up with the speed you want to achieve. Some words are just imposible to understand.
Very often the pre-war buildings were not build by contracts for profit but by a cooperation of people who gathered money, got their own architect and of course insisted on esthetics. Which is almost impossible to happen today as you get everything through some agency, retailer, ect.
You also have to consider the cost of labor. Skilled labor for the type of brickwork that makes a building really pop is actually pretty expensive, since there are not that many masons out there that are trained in it, as they are not in that high of demand… feedback loop.
The groupthink here is insane. I don’t understand why almost everybody in the comments thinks Bauhaus = ugly and evil. To me it’s beautiful. I love it when something is purely functional with no ornaments. To me, ornaments are ugly and garish. There is a place for ornaments, but I don’t want them on my house or buildings.
What also bothers me is this "grey-trend". In my area (Austrian countryside) almost EVERY new house has either grey windowframes, grey roof, grey facades or at least a grey stripe of colour.... It looks so cold and sad... But of course that's also a question of individual taste, apparently some people like the look of it :///
Meh
I hate modernism
The common trait between the Cultural Critic and Adam Something is that they are ideologically motivated and filter down their thesis into simple points: Left-wing Conspiracy vs. Capitalism. That makes nice videos and tweets but the truth is out there.
ty for including budapest!
Why do they hate modern architecture?
TLDS: Because of money and cars; house became commodities, cars prevent appreciation of surroundings
This guy is starting to shill for money pretty hard ngl
More cat
in my town there is a 1890s freight depot that burned in the 1970s. Firefighters and the current owners saved/preserved it. Now its a museum of what once was the most beautiful freight depot and infrequent passenger station.
Nooo the caaat
I live in a new build house. I'm greatful, but I think my house has the most soulless unimaginative design ever.
Fun fact: Czech communist regime actually made a rule to use a mandatory 4% of the budget for artworks and ornamentation on every public building project to make structures like commie blocks, subway stations and even the Magistrála more tolerable, and also to secure jobs for artists of that time. And it resulted in some interesting public artpieces, like traditional and modernist statues, mosaics, decorated windows, ceramic reliefs etc. Unfortunately, most of those artworks were never properly recognised and ofted destroyed and removed, because they represended the hated communist regime in the eyes of the public, even though many of the artists were actually disidents just trying to make a living and often tried to hide anti-regime messages in their abstract works.
You sponsoring that beverage? REALLY?
Lol making fun of the far right "conspiracy theorists". Commie blocks we're being built far before ww2. When the bolsheviks got into power they started outlawing christianity, destroying many many churches and old architecture buildings. You think they did that for any other reason than making russians miserable and wiping out their history? Architecture was in fact used as a weapon during soviet times. That's why when they got into germany they made priority out of destroying beautiful buildings. The kaiser wilhelm monument is just one example.
I’ll explain how this went down. Developers turned cheap into a ‘style’. They told contractors not to finish the ceilings, leave everything exposed. Leave the splinterboard up on walls, leave the brick exposed. Sell it as being the hip style. Great, now the overhead of renovating an already down-and-out building is less than halved. People are so detached from questioning this kind of BS because they don’t have opinions on anything consequential because everyone is an expert thanks to a a 3x5 piece of plastic, glass, and metal components.
I recommend video "What Makes Buildings Beautiful (And Why Beauty Does Matter)" A great response to this.
Actually I could imagine this from Orbans mouth. If the ornamentation represents the Conservative Christian European culture.
Those get-in, get-out KMart shopping mutants may not linger & fully appreciate beautiful architecture but they fly thousands of miles to relax & vacation in places that retain the old world charm.  The human race was seduced into accepting giant box stores surrounded by paved deserts in lieu of downtown Main St.  w/cheap goods by huge corporate take over & crush businesses who control the entire manufacturing/distribution network.  The plain rectangle w/no aesthetics other than advertising located 10 miles away is the price we pay for 12 cents off ibuprofen. I imagine younger generations associate these vast soulless spaces w/positive emotions since mom bought them stuff there when they were little.       Thus we are fully indoctrinated Soon every major town & city will be surrounded by mini belt roads & accompanying parking lots that serve no one due to online shopping & shifting economics. Hopefully the ground underneath is still plantable once the concrete, asphalt & fill is removed. Send all complaints to your former mayor & planning board unless of course they skipped town w/that sweet kick back $$$, if that's the case sue their pants off from a distance, set a precedent 🌳🌲🌿"You ruined it, you fix it"
I HATE CARS
I think you forget one point : obsolescense. Old buildings are doomed to be replaced by new ones. Only the pretiest buildings are renovated. So old the only olds buildings are generally beautifuls because most of the ugly old construction have been already removed.
The maxim "location, location, location" only applies to SFR buyers, in communities that lack CC&Rs, who plan to live there forever:  the only thing they can't change, is the location.  Anyone else is foolish to oversimplify this rule.   On the other extreme, the relevant maxim is "location, layout, and utilities" to a business owner who RENTS commercial or industrial space.  He wants to hit the ground running, and start operating his business one day after he moves in.   I'll forgive your hyperbole, Adam, and I enjoy your content, and consider it to be educational (therefore "functional"), not just entertainment (i.e., the analog for "style").    AT the end of the day, I find beauty in good, functional form.  I'm a dyed-in-the-wool engineer!    P.S.  You are correct to decry automobile-centric designs, and their long-lived, self-fulfilling consequences.
About parking, At least in my neighbourhood in Finland, residential parking space is so low, that not even nearly everyone in apartment buildings can get one, to the point where it affects resale value and lenghtens sale times. Also guest parking is almost nonexistent, so visitors either need to park at the nearby shopping centre max 3h (recently time/visit was downgraded because not all customers with a car would fit in), or much farther away than what is imo considered a short walking distance. Public transport takes almost twice as long than by car.  So designing with transport in mind is needed so it won't become a problem in the future. For what we know, mass public transport might not even be the smartest way to travel in the future, but some light transport vehicle combined with light public transport, and even light transport does take space.  Currently travel times with public takes too long. (FYI, I don't own a car.)
The glass cubes are so trash that one in Budapest even has a men's toilet with a very good view of and from street level.     Also imagine the US built commieblocks instead of five-over-ones.
my god this video is so fast
You know that these "reasons" why we dont build beautiful buildings anymore existed back in the 1800's aswell (except for cars of course).
He closed the cat away and I stopped watching
This guy needs to be on antidepressants
I finally find an answer to this..thanks :)
The Trafford Centre near Manchester UK bucks the trend
Be careful with the commie blocks, where I live, sometimes they were built in places where they firstly demolished the original buildings to make space. Sure, they arent that bad but when you destroy beautiful architecture just to put these ugly boxes in their place, which makes no sense, then you will have a different opinion of the matter.
the architectural equivalent of the sartorial hoodies. Mono-culture.
Very well presented
Automated narrator is off-putting.
I expect you to explain now why so many people are homeless now in California, one of the richest state in the world (7th I think if it was a country).  Its cheap to build ''modern'' buildings, no? so why don't build them in California for all those million homeless people ? you poor commmunist, how did your channel got so many subscribers
ornaments are dirt cheap. its just cement and can be mass processed and attached to an entire building to look better.  But you says it is expensive to try to prove his point. And |I suspect you Adam are raccist ...
So over uTooB ads
I can also add that the government is actually terrible at efficiently spending money. Instead of building housing themselves, creating government jobs, they would outsource to people like trump's family, who would pocket most of the money and make buildings as cheap as possible. It was honestly a terrible and poorly thought through plan.
Capitalism killed the craftsmen
I agree with this video in some points but I think the reason why we don't build those beautiful buildings anymore is (summarized as follows) because nowadays we prioritize : quick and bad quality experiences, an extremely comfortable (and 'practical') way of life and unhealthy habits over beauty and health. That's all. We clearly are getting worse and worse (Not to mention nature which is a similar case). I also think that an important change of taste has something to do with it when the _Zeitgeist,_ or _Statu_ _quo,_ of society changes it permeates every aspect of it (politics, arts, pedagogy, etc), it is like styles and  fashions. It is curious but as this guy of this video talks about vegan supplements it dawned on me that in classical antiquity (Greece, Rome and Egypt) the food diet was enough healthy and close to a vegetarian one, whereas in the middle ages vegetables fall from grace (they were considered something for the lowest class, for the poor) and the most part of the diet consisted in meat  😱 ...goodbye to all those needed vitamins and minerals. This is a story on how human tastes change for good or bad (not to mention painting where this change is much more visible than in architecture which has nothing to do with capitalism, house necessity or excessive awful amount of cars). In my opinion, traditional and historical styles in arts (painting, sculpture, architecture, etc.) are much more beautiful than the modern, much more perfect, but I must confess that sometimes I like some contemporary artworks, maybe my preference ratio would be 90% of traditional styles and artworks, 10% of modern styles and artworks (although nowadays it is almost the contrary, the opposite ratio).
Governments shouldn't be building homes for citizens.
Absolute rubbish. Of course bland social housing on post-World War II is logical and vital, but that's no excuse for developed nations today. Average house prices in Canada are now around USD$1 million, and most are bland and boring.
Balanced video. Another reason I can think of is that new ugly buildings may just be the result of terrible architects handpicked by their friends in the government.   And to be honest, sometimes, old style architecture feels overly authoritarian to me. By that I mean there's probably people there that feel strongly that they can tell other people what to do. I think of Supreme Courts, Capitol Building, the grand cathedrals... All inhabited by people who want to control others.
I like cars. And I like beautiful buildings. There's no reason not to have both.
A lot of architectural ornament in the past was cast
People are to dumb.  Modern, sleeker buildings can be beautiful but building boxes ........stupid.
You say tastes change with time but it doesn’t work speaking of modernist architecture, because most people find them ugly.  Also, you say that buildings like Eiffel Tower are modernist and beautiful, but that’s because Eiffel Tower is only modernist by its materials ; by its ornementations, it is "classical".
I've noticed that architecture and civic design take a backseat to political statements in most of your videos.
Not the Grover House lmao 😭
I actually like the modern buildings i like their simplicity
4:00 "Reasons" is "creation of permanent divided underclass that has no chance of ever threatening the elites", just FYI.
Capitalism is killing us from inside!
Simple answer: Capitalism
The downfall started when architecture became only about function. Ancient buildings didn't took into account function when they were designed. The only thing they took into account was trying to be beautiful. Today, the only beautiful things left are the renderings, which make look good even the most Le Corbusier's style building.
Lack of imagination
Cant believe I missed this vid untill now. I do wonder about the «changing tastes over time» argument as the vast majority of the public seems to be more in line with the opening segment’s line of thought
There are a lot more factors at play such as decreasing wealth inequality. The beautiful buildings of 1900 were for a time when an elite few could live in them and everybody else lived in squalor. Now there's a larger middle class, and they'd rather have larger spaces than beauty.
Well, who still buys furnish with ornaments? Just outdated.
In the end, I do still think that modern buildings are ugly. You can’t convince me otherwise. With people in the internet started to look for beauty along side practicality more, I hope to see something more than just capitalistic dystopia concrete boxes. Maybe add more trees and parks but still- aesthetic improvement is what they need.
It's literally costly and time consuming so no
PETER BARBER and maccreanor lavington and an example of good modern architecture
dumb not to invest in historical buildings. Paris, London, and Munich all rack in millions from tourism. The tourist aren't flocking to the stroads and big box stores of North Dakota....
The question is how do we deal with the cars. Even if everything is in walkable reach people will still want their cars for some occasions e.g. transporting big/heavy stuff
Maintenance. That's why.
Buildings designed by accountants
Fuck modern architecture. Not only that, but the interior craftsmanship is also shoddy as hell for the most part
This is a great video as usual and yet I’m even more depressed for the future.
Two items:  1) your reference to men's suits being more appropriate today is itself an example of dead fashion/style evolution. In the 18th century, the Great Male Renunciation began. This was just a psychologist's fancy term for a socioeconomic cultural backlash against visual symbols of the ultrarich nobility's sartorial lavish style and excess. Every social or generational movement tends first reject what it resents most, is most familiar with, and seeks to embrace the opposite of what created it. The US move to the suburbs rejected the downtown lifestyle of the 1930s. The 90s to 2000s gentrification of zombie downtown areas was a generational reaction by the disaffected children who had to grow up in miserable, dysfunctional suburbia once they went to college, got decent paying jobs, and could choose to live near the hip, bohemian places they used to have to drive 30-60 minutes to go dancing, drinking, and attend warehouse concerts in their teens.  Same thing for the Jacobins who took up somber black colors and conservative cuts of clothing as an immediate visual statement opposing the nobility they hated. There's examples of this going back to the Franks. I remember one dynasty had a coronation ritual where the king would ride in a wagon drawn by two oxen. That plus his long hair were symbols of the king's connection to the prosperity of the land or something. But then due to external conflicts, maybe it was Charles Martel versus the Moors or something, the next dynasty undertook a PR campaign to discredit the old dynasty, laughing at their backward traditions of riding with dirty, slow oxen and wearing filthy long hair. No, the cool hip thing was close cropped hair (b/c the king was a warrior, and the knights had short hair to more easily wear helmets and prevent lice) and riding on HORSES ooooooh aaaaah.  2) Familiarity bias. At this point, everyone from customers to builders and architects have been born in, grown up in, and lived/worked around modernist architecture. Considering how badly most people pay attention to history, it's easy to understand that most of them simply have no clue that you can do anything else. The majority of humanity in every generation always prefers the safe consensus route. It's what worked for our risk averse ancestors who survived getting eaten by a saber-toothed tiger (which wasn't actually contemporaneous with modern humans, so j/k), and darn it, it'll work for boring cream wall paint schemes.  And since catering to the boring middle gets you the least risky chance of realizing a positive return on your investment, you go with mediocre. Works for fast food, movies, books, cars, everything that can be tested with focus groups.
C'est très très bien expliqué, bravo, merci. J'apprécie particulièrement le soin que tu prends à t'assurer que l'on comprenne et retienne quelque chose, grâce aux illustrations et conclusions, c'est pour ça que je m'abonne.  Congrats and keep going.
Like allways 10/10
I think it's because the population is so big today that companies are just too lazy to make every building beautiful like back in the day, they just want something cheap and fast.
So many Hungarian references XD
Basically Le Corbusier
Very interesting video. I like you style of story telling
Ag1 reminds me of soylent green. For those of you who know.
Just the video I hadn't been looking for! I was pondering this matter and had inferred most of the same reasons but the car one really surprised me! It makes so much sense.
I do like the old buildings more but some modernist buildings look good aswell, I just hate it when in cities have them are mixed next to each other making both ugly.
0:59 Gotta love the Spongebob referrence, hahaha.
I think there is another important economic factor, that you missed: EQUALITY. When the nice ornamental old buildings were built, the inequalities in most industrialized societies were MASSIVE  - because all the cool welfare redistributive stuff happened mostly AFTER all the "nice" buildings were built. So back in the day, a wealthy industrialist building his new villa or his new headquarter had access to ultra cheap labour. Today, with minimum wage laws etc, the cost of building has increased for a wealthy industrialist, because now the lower 99% has fought for fair wages, maternal leave, sick leave, no more child labour, no more 6 day workweeks... Because our society has become more egalitarian, things that used to get done by cheap labour have become relatively more expensive - so you think twice if you really can/want to afford all those nice details (even if they match your taste), because you can't hire day laborers anymore for an apple a day.
Who sais the older more ornamented is more beutiful? I find it quite awful tbh.
Unfortunately this video overlooks the fact that much of the beautiful downtowns of the 19th century, particularly Berlin but also Paris, were built by ruthless capitalists trying to make a buck, but still they managed to make great places, almost by accident. Also, as @thebritalianjob pointed out, ever since the 19th century, ornament has in fact been mass produced, and is incredibly cheap as a proportion of overall cost. Something else is going on. Unfortunately I don't have answers, and I would love to you keep digging here, there is something important to find out.
hi from russia lol
simple answer: appealing to a wider market, maintenance and resale value
As with everything terrible about modernity, the answer is always profit. The line must go up, even at the cost of anything, everything, and everyone.
I do not buy your car-centric model at all. That's simply not true. It's not the _cause_ of such architecture. And even if you just stop there fore a while, having an inviting exteriour and interiour will make the customer _stay longer_ which increases revenue, so sorry I don't buy this.
AI can now 3D print unique ornaments. It's extremely cheap. In fact we've had the technology to make cheap slap-on ornaments for 200 years. So sorry, I don't see this.
Problem: There ware also free market conditions when beautiful architecture was built. They had the option to also build ugly houses back then, and they often cheated to make it so. Except with more money - or I should perhaps say more actual wealth - in society, since money is worthless, people had room to build more beautiful homes. Except income was distributed in a much more skewed way back then, so you got beautiful inner-city areas, while the outskirts... Well, the outskirts haven't survived, because they 1. didn't exist, or 2. if they did, they were plank houses that are now either torn down or they burned in the last city fire.
Welcome to the 21st century where we get the worst of capitalism and communism in a weird bastard child of a system.
Honestly the idea of "art" is stupid when it comes to housing. I rather take Commie housing over Right wing racist homelessness.
6:15 houses went from places to live to commodities because of the inflation. Inflation, despite not being hiperinflation, causes problems, because it stimulates worse businessess(like buying and selling houses, what would not happen if it's prices remained the same) and increases time preference, wich causes people to seek anything to buy, even if it's not the best choice, like an ugly house.
I think something people need to realize is back in the days of the most Beautiful architecture the governments were insanley rich, and didn’t have nearly as much infrastructure to pay for as today, they also didn’t use money for as much good as we do now, therefor they dumped tons of money into architecture to express power.
Ornaments don't have to be made individually, they have never been so cheap to make since stone can be replicated beautifully in moulds out of cheaper materials. Openwork metal is super fast and easy to do too. Stained glass can even be done with vinyl stickers. They can't hide behind the cost excuse. They just don't care.
I want this guy to react to Tech Zone concepts it would be so hilarious
This video is laughably bad. I'd go over and deconstruct all these points but I'd be wasting half an hour just on that. Just know that this thing called *Soviet Realism* exists, and that calling things you don't like "far-right conspiracy theories" already makes people tune out halfway through the video. No one wants to listen to someone who uses meaningless buzzwords anymore.
As an architect I can assure it's perfectly possible to build affordable and very nice looking contemporary architecture with modern materials & techniques. There are lots of projects just like that in several countries, especially Europe.  That's just not as common as could be due to the factors Adam pointed out, commoditization of buildings and the damn car centric policies that rule our cities.  But there are a lot of designers, planners and others battling to change that
Take a look on the first concrete-panel building in Moscow (1939). It is VERY RICH ornamented and even a concrete was coloured to seem like a marble. Nowadays some developers order outside panels with individual ornaments and, moreover, build stylisations to ArtDeko, but not often.
just say it we are failing as civilization
Your examples of modern buildings, I thought they were post modern & Art Deco
There is another fact this video isn't talking about. There have been tons of ugly buildings and houses in the past they just don't exist anymore. We have nice buildings these days and they might outlast the time and may be idolized in the future but all the ugly, cheap buildings will be replaced and forgotten.
There's also a shifting baseline. People have gotten so used to bland architecture that even newly constructed high end single family homes are boring and shallow as all get out.
I was blown away when I saw an image comparing a walmart parking lot in Europe, to one in suburban north America. It's crazy, car dependent infrastructure has ruined an entire continent and plummeted the self sustainability of neighborhoods, roads, and transportation.
My I opinion I could be wrong and I’m not a boomer but I’d wager not many man know how…flat out from design to execution. Sure that could be expound upon but this is just
Brilliant!! Well said and well presented. Modern buildings are plain to the point of being downright ugly. Looking at them, you can feel your brain cells dying.
In my opinion, the most uninspiring building complex is the Commie Blocks they are just rectangular buildings and it is just sad to look at them.
Are you denying the existence of dilapidated apartment buildings that used to be perfectly good to live in? This video reeks of typical colonial supremacy, which points to itself as the superior metric by which all culture is to be judged. Not only that, but your left-leanings caused you to throw the baby with the bathwater when it comes to points about aesthetics and culture just because white supremacist conservatives are interested in those subject matters.  The modernist philosophy diluted the culture in third-world countries such as my own (Malaysia) into what is essentially an unfitting concrete block that cares not for the humidity or rain resulting in billions of damaged properties and death. Old Malay houses were tall, practical, cool, affordable, and sustainable but ornate and beautiful, despite being made for low class citizens. Now that is a very real effect of modernity that colonial minded westerners could never comprehend.  With the proliferation of modernity, (or the pretentious post-modernity making people scramble for faux tradition resulting in faux cultural signaling) not only are the environment of the Malaysians worse but also their minds, psychologically and philosophically.
I stay around to stroll and talk and appreciate beauty. I live in a city of population 20+ million.
I guarantee you, if we had Socialism...the buildings would look worse.  If the government owned and paid for everything, including housing, they would be just as corrupt, greedy, and incompetent as they are now...they would just also own your property.
We do, but you chose to only use examples of bland mass development. We don't need to regress to culturally stagnant architecture or tawdy recreations (examples are always suspiciously European) to have beautiful architecture. We just need to move away from cheap copy/paste architecture. Beautiful Architecture =/= ornamentation or traditional European architecture
Haha tastes just CHANGE man that's just HOW IT IS who knows why or how, it's certainly not because anyone influences them. In fact tastes arise purely holistically and then for some reason people with the power and money to build large projects choose to reflect the authentic tastes of the powerless. Nothing to see here!
Honestly I do think a Walmart is more attractive than an old European downtown. European cities are giving dated energy. At least the Walmart is newish and well planned 🤷‍♂️
Poor kitty :c
I think there's also a degree of survivor's bias. The ugly or trash buildings from back then aren't around anymore. If you read the book Oliver Twist you'll read about disgusting decrepit mass built buildings with the same degree of ugliness as we see now. Only they're in Victorian England. They used different materials but the business people were just making cheap houses as quickly as they could same as we are now. However, when you spend a lot of money and effort making buildings to last, they may be around for thousands of years to come.
its all about your background man, what is depressing to you is what other ppl are attracted to and i can tell you that what your ideal environment looks like would probably be a nightmare to me (not to visit of course, but if i HAD to live there)
Why they don’t still design and build like Greek and Roman architecture buildings style 🙁
WIthin 1:44 you've already made a mistake. No, empire state building is not considered modern architecture, it is an art deco skyscraper, specifically designed to incorporate historical elements in the design. Don't make a stupid video on a topic you know nothing about.
I haven't watch the video but i have an idea why:  1. Cost. Adding extra details that doesn't contribute to function. 2. The move to minimalism in everything especially buildings. 3. Better infrastructure design, materials + engineering 4. Buildings used to be a visual sign of status. Now it's so common that making it look pretty isn't practical. 5. Globalisation and influences of capitalism and western culture shift old european, asian building out of fashion.  Edit : I'm not surprised that I got the main points lol
I think new insulation and air ventilation systems have something to do with this as well.
Rubbish.
Because the world has been captured by people who worship ugliness.
Money.
Id put money on it. Someone made money off all this stuff. You need talented craftsmen.
The solution is simple: make fuel cost at least 3 times more. At first it would be slightly postapocalyptic, but humans are known for their adaptation ability
Honestly I don't miss the old look of buildings, while it's cool and novel when it's one or two buildings, when it's the same bland colors with finely detailed walls, from a distance it just looks like like a bland colored block. I prefer simpler buildings that have more depth and color, since those are details you can actually see from a block away. Not to mention that it's cheaper and easier to make.
Oh man, was just talking to my dad about exactly this the other day when wandering around
You’re putting it as if landlords 150 years ago didn’t care as much for maximizing profits. I live in Berlin and here is plenty of residential and commercial buildings from the Bismarck’s times to watch and compare to each other. A working class house and home - be sure of that - looked very different from and upper middle class or upper class residence.  Also: Sleazy work and cutting corners also happened back then. Believe me - I’ve studied architecture and have worked on construction sites, to know some of that.  One point is missing in your reasoning why decoration has retreated: The shift in the labor/material-costs. 150 years ago material was far more expensive than labor. This has turned around completely.  Also keep in mind that mass production isn’t necessarily of low quality. Just as handcrafted work isn’t always precious.
I would say as a counter argument that at least in the US DC has more interesting buildings and a planned layout so the lack of parking would make sense but Chicago is nothing more than a shit hole of glass/broken brick boxes and parking is still shit.
Kind of agree with you, but also on the other hand i like the glass skyscrapers.... Oh, and if you think that the old style is recognizable around the cities: not really. If you would to put me in front of a old block in vienna, warsaw, paris, berlin, munich, Lyon, Barcelona, Prague, Budapest, etc, nobody would be able to tell every style apart.
Brilliant thesis!
Calling Eiffel tower a modernist structure given it was built during "Belle Epoch" (end of 19th century)..... LOL! What trustworthy piece of information here!
No one's gonna comment no the cat 😂
Atalnta's Ponce City Market is beautiful, built inside an old Sears building
I have a fondness for Art Noveau and the Beaux Arts periods but as you elucidate, things change.  I really did appreciate your video defending communist block apartments; it changed my mind, which I think owing to the Cold War propaganda of my youth made me conflate them with failed US public housing projects of the 1970s, which is an unfair comparison (and glides right over the systemic racism in the USA that can't easily be disentangled from the plight of US public housing projects).  I used to like the perspective & critique of James Howard Kunstler and his books The Geography of Nowhere and Home from Nowhere.  Those books are still fine, but Kunstler himself has become increasingly more right-wing and almost reactionary and his racism is more nakedly apparent.  Modernism is a very mixed bag.  I love the Empire State Building and Rockefeller Center and the Eiffel Tower.  But people do find the broadly copied "International style" (big glass boxes) souless and uninspiring.  More locally, I'm frustrated that in our downtown of Houston, Texas, we have these luxury loft apartments that are more an investment vehicle with sky high rents that no reasonable working person, or even middle class person can really afford to live in.  And many downtown restaurants struggle and close because there's just not enough foot traffic downtown to keep them in business the way there could be if the rents were actually affordable and we cared about cultivating walkable urban community in the downtown spaces....we do have our rudimentary light rail but we only have 2 lines and only one of them gets reasonably close to the main domestic airport (Houston Hobby); there's the city busses but they're notoriously unreliable and difficult to navigate.  The Dallas-Fort Worth Metroplex is way ahead of Houston in terms of public rail transit; I'm quite jealous of what they have.  We do have beautiful, walkable islands in and around Houston but there's so much car-dependent hellscape surrounding everything else in between them.  We have a built up, walkable "town center" type market in my suburb of Sugar Land, and it is nice, but it feels like walking around a movie set....it's not part of an integrated whole with the rest of the surrounding landscape....and they have similar ludicrously expensive luxury apartments that ordinary folk have no hope of affording to live in.
I fear it will require a crisis like a modern equivalent to the bronze age collapse before we abandon car centric city planning and cheap shitty 5 over one housing.
'Communism leads to everything being the same.' 'Capitalism leads to... everything being the same because it's easiest to sell?' 😩
All of the interesting beautiful buildings here in Ohio were built before 1950. And you are absolutely correct in that it's become about making money and nothing else.
I vote Adam become a developer. Anyone have a few billion to invest with him? He could do a better job than whatever fever dream Neom is.
I personally prefer panels to ugly glass panes, but stone and brick functionalist and stalinist architecture is still higher for me.
For what it's worth, New York City is full of ornamented buildings that were erected before World War II and still managed to look cheap, tacky, and ugly the day they were finished.  The decline of ornamentation as the 20th century progressed probably has something to do with labor becoming more expensive relative to materials.
Modern buildings have been stripped of all the beauty and grace that architecture can bestow on a structure.
I hate how housing is used as a profit/investment. I just want a nice place to garden and live in till I pass. Everyone deserves a home! Pretty or not...some people like that flat, bland architecture. Have you seen all those ugly mansions in America, L.A? They PURPOSELY build those. Ew.
I understand you need the cash, but AG1 is a trash brand whose supplements are not really healthy and definitely not have all the nutrients it should have. For a supplement, it is too sweet and has an artificial bad taste.
I get the feeling the creator of this video is somehow socialist-biased.
Bc sociopaths r the architectures nowadays.. So they don't give a fuck
I mostly agree, however Modern Architecture can be beautiful as well if done correctly, for something to be beautiful it is not necessary for it to copy "styles" of the past or have excessive ornamentation
Could make a video on how you would build new cities?
People's right to housing will always be more important than bourgeois ideals of beauty.
"virtually nobody find soviet housing beautiful or interesting looking" okay but comparing soviet architecture to modern architecture (even that in europe) soviet undoubtedly wins. There's a lot of space between houses filled with trees, every spring everything is covered in blooming lilac, and every house has a little garden in front of it that the residents plant flowers on. There are children's playgrounds everywhere. You shouldn't focus only on facades when discussing the actual beauty of a district/time-specific architecture 🥲🥲🥲
I really appreciate your videos!
Modernism is attacked by our post modern age both rightfully and wrongfully. These beautiful 19th century buildings we admire as beautiful weren't meant for us, because behind them were dirty mouldy shaques made for ordinary people. So old art was very elitist and exclusive. Modernism tore down the old mansions and shaques and built colourless boring monotonous buildings, because it combined classical ornamentation with inequality and vulgar exhibition of wealth. So modernist minimalism had the meaning of reducing a building to its core, so that many buildings can be built for everyone, and the ornamentation that symbolised social inequality would be erased. Simplicity was used to express democracy and economy. The modernist building's beauty was supposed to lie in in its lack of beauty. So we went from one extreme to the other. When post modernism saw modernist architecture,it saw its apparent ugliness and appreciated the beauty of the mansions of the past, but in the same time forgetting all about the shaques. Like 19th century people moved from palaces to housing projects in the 20th century. But the truth lies in the middle, the ideal city isn't Rio de Janeiro nor Irkutsk, we should appreciate both beauty and art, and also equality and democracy, avoiding both elitism and totalitarianism.
Hello. Architect here. I liked this video a lot because it goes deeper than the usual "modern architecture is all bland and soulles boxes", but it just scratches the surface of the matter (as a 10 minute video should do). I would add some key points to the discussion:  - We live in an industralized world. Mass producing ornaments most of the time produces cheap and tacky looking plastic objects. Just look at neoclassical villas in russia. Instead, focus now is on producing modular construction parts that can be assembled at a high technological level, to improve the building performance, comfort, and ease of construction. Ornaments were once fabricated by artisans and craftsmen, which would be not suitable in today's economy.  -  Construction times. Often times in these discussion people compare buildings that took decades and sometimes century to be built, like palaces and churches, to skyscrapers and public buildings which usually take 2-3 years. In the modern economy it wouldn't be sustainable to have construction sites lasting decades, and modern buildings are made to be replaced in 50-100 years, because the need of society are rapidly changing. With notable exceptions, as the Sagrada Familia in spain.  - There was actually a movement trying to get back ornament into architecture, and it partially succedeed, which is Post modernism (in which we are arguably still today). The results were often tacky and weird, but it was great to open up discussions about ornaments and historical connections in architecture again, which modernism was convinced were not a good thing (and even then, lots of modernist architectures had plenty of ornament). Now modern architecture is more free from the purely functionalist theory of the early XX century..  - Power dynamics, communication and liberalism. Since architectural language are an expression of their times, now there are just so many different kinds, as we live in a fragmented an multi faceted world. Many architectural languages that favored decoration were doing so in an attempt to impose a visual language to show power, richness and cultural supremacy, as in a lot of governmental neoclassical buildings, which were favored by colonialist and imperialist countries to show the supremacy of their culture, or in heavily decorated churches, to show the power and richness of the church and the importance of religion.   There are many more aspects to the discussion but i already wrote too much lol. I hope someone read all this lol
As a side note, I wouldn't mind a better indication of the sponsored segment, so it's easier to skip (like a timer somewhere or timestamps).
I still dont buy it. Shopping malls are the eqivelant of town centers today. Many small shops, all walking distance, most even use skylights to give 'natural lighting'. Yet they still build the inside parts that are entirely designed for people, in the cheapest ugliest blandest materials. They totally could build modern malls like ye'olde arcades, and we'd all be better off for it. Hell, people might stick around longer because they like the atmosphere and buy more products. Yet they dont.
Pre 1948 Stalinist buildings are probably the grandest examples of neoclassical architecture. The building quality was not sustainable and construction methods were replaced by concrete blocks. Such luxury was criticised by the following Soviet leaders.
3:38 LOL I think this is the EXACT building where we used to live :D (top left)
Adam blaming cars for almost every problem has become quite hilarious at this point
tastes changed? the taste of who? it wasn't normal people because modernism has never been popular. it was foisted onto them by the taste-makers.
Why We Don't Build "Beautiful" Buildings Anymore? Every generation says that
You do not even need ornamentation for buildings and houses to like nice. There are plenty of simple buildings from the past made from wood, brick, stone, and even wattle and daub that look good, despite having little to no ornamentation. However, I do not think Deli looks good.
What's with the obvious leftist political bias? It ruins your videos.
Holy holy, the edits looks really good now :00
I found it hilarious when I saw one example that's actually from around my area. Lol
Was the car a good idea?
I follow channels on a multitude of topics such as modern architecture, urban mobility, car-centric cities, and economics (capitalism, neoliberalism, socialism, communism) and, though entertaining every now and then, it feels VERY time consuming. This video, on the other hand, has single-handedly summarized several of the topics I care about and consider relevant to modern life in most large cities and, though it didn't pack an easy solution at the end (ok, ok, I romanticized the video a bit), it did its job of identifying major drivers we could pay more attention to in order to propose efficient solutions to several of our current problems. THANK YOU for the very helpful content and hope you can reach as many people as possible with it :D
The ornaments of Victorian Era were often mass produced. They wouldn't need to be custom build every time.
God, if strawmaning was a person, you'd be that in spades. Because that's all you do to your perceived opposition. The right wing argument isn't that they want every building built in the old ways or that they believe it's part of a communist plot, they just believe that we have gone too far into the other direction and not EVERY building should be built like this.
I actually like the minimalistic simple new designs. It calms my mind amidst the whirling chaos of big cities.
New Murabba is a great new big epic city being built in the desert. FREE CONTENT
I love french architecture even the standard 6 floor housing buildings are charming and simple :)
Communism = capitalism
I asked myself this question so many times! Thank you for your video
Very interesting analysis. I've noticed a massive increase in tall ugly apartments building being erected in my country and I hatehatehate it, though I understand it is a necessity but c'mon they could have at least tried haha. Though "nice" modern architecture is just as bad imo. Looks so clinical and soulless... Once the minimalist sleek glass and metal is no longer the symbol of modern technology anymore, I wonder if a more decorated style will return? I am of course speculating it is a cycle.
I'd argue that "capitalism, and cars" at 10:00 go hand in hand. The only reason car centric infrastructure exists is at the insistence of the bloated oil industry, which is the epitome of parasitic capitalism. If capitalism had been quashed 120 years ago, none of the rest of this would have happened. I could get to work without having to spend thousands on keeping an old beater running. Thousands of people from my neighborhood go to the same area to get to their jobs and we're all in each other's way, instead of riding a bus or train together, not dealing with the traffic, and getting there faster and cheaper.
Im just gonna say something I believe strongly: Beautiful buildings reduce crime. Think about that for a second.
No one ever asked for less ornamentation. It is all about being cheap cunts Communist bullshit. Your surroundings definitely are breaking people's spirits. Mass produced standardized BULLSHIT the panel Blocks in Communist Europe are the worst thing ever. They took VIllagers and stuck them into Cities and fucked everything up.People had fucking houses in the villages. Now everyone is stuck in towns and cities with villages being abandoned. You can Sniff out the COmmunist agenda behind this channel. Absolutely DIsgusting especially coming from someone who has never lived in a FUCKING POST COMMUNIST TOWN OR A DISGUSTING COMMUNIST BLOCK. When he fucking decides to move in one of the depressing shitholes created by the commies and lives around here for a few years all his idiotic ideas about gloryfying anything communists have done will disappear extremely fast.
30fps video, poggers
Thanks  for sharing I think beauty is very subjective and it is relative for example a industrial cladded building may look more “beautiful” than a dirty concrete building but a industrial building may look more “ugly” than a Victorian building but if a Victorian building was rundown and falling apart a industrial building would probably look nicer.
There is also the reason that current architehts are tallentless hacks.
Déli very run-down nowadays sadly
Debunk this Adam Something 👉 The Connections (2021) [short documentary] 💖
This is one of Adams weaker videos imo.  I have never heard anyone complaining that the Empire State building or the Sydney opera house are “ugly” buildings. Not once!   The problem is not “modernism” itself. It is that your local Walmart is no Empire State building Sydney opera house!   People spend a lot of time in shopping centres etc and they resent having to be around buildings that were obviously built with little thought for anything except how to “enclose the most space for the least amount of money.”   Living in thoughtlessly designed  and cheaply constructed buildings diminishes the experience of the people who have to use them, in some very fundamental way.   Ugliness does degrade western civilisation because it communicates to people that the “powers that be” don’t care enough about the culture to bother to create beautiful things, so therefore why should the individual care either?   Why not as the Chinese youth are increasingly saying “let it rot”? Ugly brutalist architecture is like a high form of littering. By devaluing beauty and attention to detail It shows a disrespect for two important artistic values. By disrespecting artistic values it disrespects the culture  that created those values as well as the lives lived in it’s shadows. That is why people hate most modernist or brutalist buildings, and why they will end up getting torn down.
Exactly. Bring back the gargoyles and ornaments
I don't find those stucco and weird forms beautiful, rather they are interesting to look at. Maybe because there's not a lot of those. Nature may be beautiful, humans. But not the concrete boxes. Actually all those ornaments look weird on a house. We shall recognize beauty in its natural form and not some stupid fake stones or something that people spent precious time and resources on, instead of doing something useful.
3:46 that's a really nice apartment blocks by the standarda of my city.
Because somehow we prefer soviet architecture🤷?
I hate cars I hate cars I hate cars I hate cars I hate cars
Human rights include but not limited to Housing  Food and water Internet access  Freedom of movement  Bodily autonomy  Healthcare  Life liberty and the pursuit of happiness
I think the modern uniform Housing is beautiful.
Thought i was in for a video about architecture and engeneering aspects of the buildings, what makes them more suitable for modern life etc Came out even more hating the housing "market" and car centric planning  Subscribed
100%
The Saudis makes a new Megaprojekt a giant kube. You now what to do?
I swear to the gods, I have asked my self this hundreds of times. new buildings are so ugly!!!!!
you can admire communist apartment blocks, but once you have to live in one, you change your mind very quickly.  The worst part is that the communists forced people to live in these disgusting houses long after the housing crisis ended and continued to build the ugliest buildings the world has ever seen.  I think that everything that the Communists built should be systematically demolished and replaced with new buildings.
Diversity of capitalism is when buildings are clones of one another just like under comunism
I know that in my own circles I am known to be a bit slow to pick up on subtle signaling... But I am starting to suspect that Adam here might be a bit displeased with cars and car centric urban planning and design.
You get a like despite that pretty long ad. I never thought about that car aspect but it totally makes sense.
4:54 WW2 Was 70 years ago so that is obsolete
Why don't we have nice things anymore?
Things are worse in transit zone and often beautiful in cozy corners where people live and care.
the law in MOST of the world actually prescribe core infested cities? euhm,  i thought the car parking requirements was pretty specific an north american thing,  certainly past 20 years, europe went the other way , forbidden to build to much parking, cause that would attract to many cars into the city center, ruining the beautifull city center experience for everbody ...  is really most of the world still mainly REQUIRING MIN parking spaces , instead of forbidding to much carspaces???
aw man it's just another "capitalism's" fault. Don't wait to hear their fantastic solution. It will sound something like "I'm sure this socialism will work, because I know how to manage resources better than anyone 😎"
I can certainly appreciate ornamentation, but there's something appealing to me about purely functional designs, where no part is "wasted". The LEM from the Apollo missions, for instance. It looks like some freakish, spidery thing at first glance, but when you understand the design and see how every aspect, every scintilla of feature directly contributed to the vehicle's mission, it becomes a beautiful display of engineering.
I consider this era s the lego era
Profit motives.
Ouch. Ugly truths.
on en enlevera pas
Old buildings are ugly lol. Modern ones are beautiful
8:40 Somehow those suburbs remind me of Mayan hieroglyphs lmao
Too much Minecraft.
1:42 The Empire state building isn't modernist, it's style is Art Deco and the most famous Art Deco building on earth
Next: Why gas stoves suck.
Video suggestion: a critique of Trump’s new “quantum leap” proposals
i for real like modern buildings
As someone living in Budapest and studiing arhitecture Délin is not beatutyfull
Add that for some reason Strata Associations for most of these buildings don't allow for ANY individualism. I was repeatedly fined the one time I lived in a condo / apartment complex for having plants on my patio, even though my neighbours constantly commented on how beautiful they were.
Beautiful buildings are for rich people.  Why do you mostly find the haussman buildings in the west of Paris ? Maybe because this is where the old rich families live...  Half of Paris (yeah , just the city of Paris I'm not talking about the hundreds of small suburb cities surrounding Paris) is made of very simple white appartement blocks who are... ugly although they don't look like commie blocks.
All I wish for is for every building to have a different style from the others surrounding it. As long as everything isn’t the same.
I thought there were some fascinating points brought up, but I couldn't help but feel this video had an undertone of "see, that's why capitalism is awful and the Soviet Union was more humane than you think"... It's too bad we didn't get a bit of BOTH sides of the argument here... That is, capitalism can still build robust societies that give more opportunity for even artists to make more money, and that communist societies tend to limit and regulate the heck out of things - not excluding art and architecture. :)  The amount of talented foreign architects that are sought after in countries like China, for example, is insane. The country suffers from chasing away its own talented artists and architects (often losing the brightest to overseas labor markets), while simultaneously offering big bucks to foreigners.
Oh good! Somehow, someway, it all came back to blaming cars in the end. For a second there I started to think I wasn’t watching an Adam Something video! 😉
Considering almost all "conspiracy theories" (CIA made up term) have turned out to be true in the last couple of years, it's just silly you still think things are fine and will continue to be fine under the current regime.
The most important thing which is missing in Your whole video is that these buildings You are so impressed by are basically homes of very rich people of the time - basically saying these ornamented houses are palaces of aristocrats, bank owners, big businessmen, fabricants, high-level administration workers or landlords of the time - think about them as multimillionaires. These buildings were the symbol of status, not just places to live in so they had ornaments, etc.  Actually, most of the city houses of that time looked a lot worse than nowadays. So it is hard to say that "once upon a time, there was a better building style" than today. Ordinary people who lived in that time, probably would not even have a chance to watch those buildings from a close distance, because of differences in social status. In contrast, they would live in cold, weakly heated wooden or brick houses placed near the workplaces like docks, manufacturing plants, etc. where air was polluted by the smog in the air.  So basically You are creating a mirage.
There is no reason why pretty buildings can't be build today. In fact they are being built in some areas. I would blame gready construction companies with lack of imagination and brain washed architects.
8:07 this
In addition on the "capitalism" part, I read or heard somewhere that there has been also a shift in the cost repartition in building construction. In the "old days" the materials where the main cost of a new building, labour cost was minimal since, well, no workers safety, low social standards etc. Thus the focus was naturally on the enhancement of the material, which was the bigger cost, thus high ornementation since it didn't cost much since labour price was low. But since the 20th century, the cost repartition shifted, now the materials are mostly cheap thanks to technical advancements, but labour is costly because human life and dignity had become a concern. Then it naturally discouraged any effort put into ornaments, and settled a more, let's say, "pragmatic" approach.
Me after reading the title: Because WE SUCK Me after watching the video: Ah yes. Intellectual response. Yes. 🤌🏻
I thought the same but for cars they look so boring no style whatsoever
I find modern styled buildings better than classic ones except for markets, classic looking markets are way better than walmartish designs.
:::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::  Why build something beautiful,  if it will be bombed?! (W. W. III)  :::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::::
What you are saying almost sounds like capitalism is not so good. It is a dangerous road leading to communism, you know..
For some reason the older beatiful buildings are more charming for me.
Capitalism is actually a good explanation. Ornamentation costs more.
Reminds me of Well There's You Problem anegdote: The most important question for modern engineers: can we build a building 100% out of oil.
When a nation care about it's history, it often reflect through buildings. Those are the thing they left behind for future generations. When houses ceased to become a place to live, a sacred part of culture and history and it only remaining value is profit. That are signs of debasement and a society in decay.
ruined my fucking morning. fuck cars
I cannot believe you'd list beautiful modernist architecture and fail to mention Antoni Gaudí
TL;DR It's antisemitic.
Here commieblocks were built to import people from the rest of ussr, so they were a mechanism of russification. Our city architecture has been ruined by these concrete slabs of shit for decades if not for centuries. Also bland modern cheap architecture still looks hell of a lot better than concrete piles of gray depression.
Not to mention that building practices of old are unsustainable, especially considering global population growth since the second world war
a big factor for the blockiness of buildings are simply heating costs. Even house-owners next to us build their houses blocky, to reduce the outside-survace and thereby reduce heating costs (while this building style reduces abilities to have solar, while this building style was added with large oversized windows, while this building style has no front garden, because there has to be more room for more cars.......)  to summarize it, we reduce the "cost", while creating other costs for style, while arguing, that it is totally necessary to make a "modern" house like this.   And than we live a family style, that don't have a second generation in the same house => making it financial useless for the fmaily and just a generator of a second generation, who will flee from home, because they never wanted to keep it => house building adapted and made houses non-useable after 1/3 generations.   You will need 2/3 of your life to get the money for that house.
Here in Denver, most buildings are modern since the city just isn't that old.  Our "old" buildings are ~100 years old and very pretty on the outside.  But a friend of mine lived in one - an old Victorian house that had been converted into apartments - and I would much rather live in my building instead.  Why?  There was ****no**** insulation.  In Denver.  Where the winters get ridiculously cold.  And I don't mean "the insulation was bad," I mean it was literally shiplap boards with actual gaps where you could see light from outside and she had a flower from outside growing up her living room wall.  In the winter, with her heat cranked up all the way AND a space heater, you still needed to keep your coat on inside.  I mean you COULD renovate and insulate the pretty old building, but her landlord sure wasn't going to spend the money, they didn't live there.
nice video.
F*cm cars.
Our systems fucking SUCK.
Man got a sponsor and upload speed Plummeted, while stating they help him make more content. Kekw
Fuck this ag1!
Haha Adam goes "It's because of cars!" again. I like it 😆
I wish they cleaned up Déli, it looks fine architecturally but it’s disgusting on the inside, it aged like milk
It's cheaper. There was nothing that would've prevented 19th century builders from putting plain uniform coats of plaster on their brick walls, rather than ornate stucco artworks. Nothing other than the fact that it wouldn't have occured to them.   Come to think of it, in some (mostly mediterranean) countries, where money was a bit more of an issue back then already, you actually see that quite commonly. But yeah, it's because CaR CeNtRiC cUlTuRe. Already in 1910s Italy and Greece, that's how far ahead of their time they were. Meanwhile (that is, 50 years later) in the communist bloc where everybody goes by tram... Adam Something is officially a transit nazi then. "If you know who the bad guy is, your life has structure."
8:09 you really do hate cars, don't you
1:21 boom the video should have ended there.
Part of it is cost. People care more about cost and profits than beauty. If the beauty makes the profit like in resorts they will build beautiful things.
2 full ads and then a 3rd in the video itself. Pushing the limit, Adam.
Another 15 minute city video sprinkled with a vegan ad. Are insects acceptable to vegans?!
Are you going to explain why in addition to not having beautiful buildings anymore, we also have more poorly constructed buildings and structures, compared to the big projects of the past?
1:12 was it hard to use Ryan George's theme music? Super easy barely an inconvenience 😂
The short answer to why we don't have beautiful buildings is capitalism. The usual suspect.
Poorly researched video :(
Naaah dude, it’s definetly because of the jews, or something.
Those older buildings were also designed by people, not a rough design but in fine detail. Where I live there was an architect called Watson Fothergill, you can tell which buildings he designed by their unique quarks. In comparison, we are now getting what I call sliding block buildings pooping up, which are square buildings with large tiles. They make them as they don't require an masonry's to be built, but they are not built to last.
Sorry I'm calling BS here;  Changing tastes? Sure, tastes changed in the 30s and modern was popular throughout the 50s and 60s but people in places like Frankfurt wised up when they noticed how depressing these places were and began to crave more pre-war styles. But no one would give it to them unless they were rich.  Sheer need to house people? What are you talking about? Theres ALWAYS been a need for housing! Are you trying to say, people in the 1800s didn't have housing needs? WWII wasn't the first war, you know. Ever heard a WWI, Frank-Prus War? And plumbing, electric, and central heat weren't put into the older buildings cause those technologies were NEW in those days and NOT standard. Many neo-classic buildings here in New York got all those fancy things back in the 1920s!  Excessive speculation caused soulless modernism? Again, was there ever a time when people didn't speculate on property? Now its true, that stuff here in the US ramped up starting in the 80s but it was always there. This ramping up really had more to do with the changing economy,  Car centric urban planning? Hmmmm, well its.......OK, the thing with that is, you know like. Its like with the stuff? Umm. All right wise guy, I don't got much for that one but people just love their cars, plain and simple. We live in a democracy, yes? Going to tell people, "Hey, we're going to take away your cars and you'll like what we tell you to like"? Watch how fast you get tossed out of the state house in the next election!  And whats with you pooh-pooh'ing the fear of bland socialist conformity?! What do people who live in the soul crushing modernism of Frankfurt say about it? Are they depressed? How 'bout people in Brasilia? How do they feel? And what of the citizens of old Munich? Do they like where they live? I'm an American, never been over there but is Munich a popular place to live? I have no idea? Are Eastern Europeans just craving to move into a commie blocks? Do they crave a return to Sovietism? No? Seems to me a fear of centrally planned, soul crushing socialism is a pretty healthy fear!
Because automatic programs do it now not humans and its not only the buildings its music algorithms its art painting bunksy instead picasso we have chefs from realities series instead real chefs we have plastic food instead real food etc The world is going down..pop colture will eat humans alive...
There is also a additional 5th reason to think about. Industrialisation made materials cheap but wages for workers got more expensive over the last century. Paying craftsmen and designers to create ornamentation is just too expensive today, if you want to make a profit. When people want to build reprensentative buildings they go with "big" instead. Materials are simple affordable today.  In pre-industrial times it was the other way around, because building material were extremely expensive, therefore craftsmen needed to make the most out of the matarerials they had.  It just a hypothesis a read somewhere, which I think is quite interessting.
Before this video started I asked myself,” Aren’t we the ones building Mcmansions?” If you want buildings to look nice then build a house that looks nice
It's cheaper. End.
Well I wouldn't call the modern blocks depressing uninspiring etc. Of course they are no historical centre on Paris or whatever, but they are a bit nice in their own accurate and minimalistic sense. The main thing is comfort inside (soundproofness, how high are the ceilings etc.)
0:32 🇸🇬
Artists were patronised by wealthy back then. There was enough room to build monuments. So chapels, cathedrals and palaces were easier to maintain also. Nowadays labor is expensive, machines cannot create paintings and people who can afford either are few.
Imagine living in a city full of trees, flowers, big breathable spaces... Now we literary build ourselfs tiny suffocating illuminum cans
Harmonic proportions are not considered
It's 1AM and I'm too tired to think about neoliberalism.
You do make a fine case, but have you considered that maybe spanking prisoners on the ass with a stick of bamboo, as Christian Fascist Matt Walsh suggests, might also improve the architectural aesthetics of our buildings?
Ok, the Sydney Opera House is postmodern . postmodernism is the movement in opposition/development of standard modernism. For many reasons included here, but some more were: Modernism ignored everything previous (and  after) to it.  They were made on completely different principles. It was the first time industrial logic and consistency was applied when projecting and constructing buildings. So you could calculate things with much more precision. The buildings had no relation with their surroundings. You could have it anywhere in the world and apart from climate adjustments, very little would change.  Also the car centric planning was a good (decent) idea (for the time). You would need to have free and easy access to the ever increasing new metropoli. And what's the best way to go around? A private car, of course...That is...until the internet. The need to physically transport something or someone decreased rapidly when sending and receiving information in a myriad of different ways almost instantly became a widespread reality.
I plan to build a very traditional looking Georgian style house when I'm old and financially able to do so.
This effect of can't build nice things anymore is something I have always hated. I think it's mainly due to a cultural shift after WWII, and pretty much everything has gone downhill, the architecture is just a symptom.
6:10 how DARE you insult Groverhaus, it was a labor of love!
0:35 And then you go out of the city area through the industrial estate and you met with large metal blocks, which are a 1,000,000 times ugly😤☹️🤬😡🤢🤮🤮🤮🤮
Have you ever heard about Buccee’s
it answered so many questions. thanks!
Again, America has land, thus cars. Also, elderly and disabled. So your walk, bike, blah blah blah.
Double decker buses are a fantastic way to savour beautiful architecture. Looking for little details is one of my favourite things to do from a London bus top deck
So, it's those cursed cars again! Damn you cars!
I would like to point out how important it is for a place to feel alive. This can be achieved in many ways and one of the more noticeable is having a building create shadows. Shadows change the way a building looks over the course of the day and add a natural element.
Because it was built by a different civilization on ashes of which we live and build as we can
I dunno - our shopping malls suddenly started putting in large food courts a couple of decades ago. At first, I didn't get it, but then I realised, it's to keep shoppers in the centre all day so they can browse and buy moar stuf.
I don't think I have ever laughed this hard at the intro to a sponsor read.
Modernism is not the problem at all. The main problem is that in some oldtowns some old buildings are abandoned or just destroyed on purpose, and then replaced with either glass building or some "modern art" because some "artist" decided to, even that old building was not damaged by war etc.  The other problem is when those modern private home building just get copy pasted and spammed in some hard to access fields due some projects, and then just stay there unsold, rather than well, in my country at least, there are a lot of soviet blocks that could rather be renovated with that money and materials.
The new  buildings just look ugly and uninspiring. They may be practical, but they're awful. And this video did nothing to change my mind  They where made just to made many houses fast. And after that wasn't importat. We still don't fix that. So many higher ups are getting paid hundreds of thousands as their paycheck.  Keeping the costs down and blaming the next one as long as you have a good location. Is awful. Our world is just beoken  And your argument thwt "cars don't appreciate beauty" is just wrong. You wouldn't be making this video if there weren't any people taking stalls and appreciating beauty   And you're video could get answered with three words. Why do buildings look ugly nowadays? Cars & Cost cutting
simple; 'cos we exchanged form for the function and moved focus from a facade to living quarters.., how difficult is that to understand..
I really appreciate this video.  I think the biggest cause is definitely “housing becomes commodity”.  Without that ideology, buildings will at least still be durable & with more reasonable spending.   When it’s commodity, the goal is to make profits, so that will drive the “box” design to its barebones with cheapest possible materials, which is not what modernism in architecture is trying to achieve.
0:05 Is this Spain?
It sounds like the causes are cars, which are due to capitalism, and capitalism itself. Fucking lovely. Everything shit comes from capitalism.
i think i might be noticing a pattern with adam's opinion on cars
Most of these reasons are not exceptions to pre-war considerations. Such buildings were then still inefficient, expensive, not necessarily fashionable and absolutely commodities.
This guy has to decide. If "neoliberal capitalism" is bad once "it" only goes after profit and efficiency, then government also should not do things based on efficiency, affording as many houses as possible at lower prices, for example. The difference is not aesthetic at all, it is political.
Bah, just put in law that we need 10 greek/roman statues per 100m^2 xD And throw in some columns as well!! If people have bad taste, just force them to develop good taste!!  (IT'S A BAD JOKE OK?? PUT YOUR FORKS AND PITCHES DOWN xD)
I think the reason for this paradox of having a lot of money to spend on buildings but the ones that we spend on we make them ugly is due to lack of spirituality in the west specificly but also across the secular world, I know this sounds weird but if you lose spirituality you also by default lose sense for aesthetics that's why postmodern architecture is so predominant today, cause it's trying to defy aesthetics.
I like the irony of having an advert for a mass produced standardised modern food abomination within a video about mass produced standardised modern buildings.
Bonus: A lot of the older structures, such as churches, were built using peasant corvée. For the purposes of doing the construction, the labour was de facto free. Materils, however, were incredibly expensive, and at least some of them if not most often needed to be imported from another location- and unless you were suzerein of a vassal who'd provide that, you weren't getting THAT for free.  This economically encouraged the construction of structures that used less materials, that were smaller, but a lot of labour was left to beautify what WAS there.  Compare to now, post-industrial revolution and labour reforms, where materials are cheap as shit, but you have to actually 'pay' workmen and 'ensure a baseline level of workplace safety- cringe, amirite? (Jk ofc)  It makes massive, but unormenanted structure far more affordable.
Decorative or functional ornamentation adds complexity, adds to the construction cost of buildings.  Most buyers like clean lines and open spaces, with lower prices.
Before I watch the video, I am going to predict that its because of capitalism (its cheaper to make ugly houses and everyone wants the biggest profit possible so they build things as cheaply as they can)
ad in the middle is vey annoying and disturbs the quality of your great contents Nevertheless superb video 🙌🙌
Magyar vagy? Elég sok volt a magyar kép, plusz a gyökér diktatorunk is ott volt
I'Suprized, you didn't quote Walther Gropius "From follows Function". He considered it a form of Art, and the Bauhaus invented also things like mordernist furniture. It is woth, that funktional does not necessary mean cheap or easy to maintain. Flat roofs have some drawbacks.
Much that is said about beauty and its importance in our lives ignores the minimal beauty of an unpretentious street, a nice pair of shoes or a tasteful piece of wrapping paper, as though those things belonged to a different order of value from a church by Bramante or a Shakespeare sonnet. Yet these minimal beauties are far more important to our daily lives, and far more intricately involved in our own rational decisions, than the great works of art which (if we are lucky) occupy our leisure hours. They are part of the context in which we live our lives, and our desire for harmony, fittingness and civility is both expressed and confirmed in them. Moreover, the great works of architecture often depend for their beauty on the humble context that these lesser beauties provide. Roger Scruton.
There is no way this guy is a real estate professional, he doesn't have a clue what he is talking about. Tastes changing is wrong because people now don't like plain buildings either, so no it is not taste driven. Housing necessity is wrong because that existed before too, and he does nothing to explain why that problem only is having this impact now (also, high end properties like class A commercial and upper income residential are often just as plain, which you would not expect if plainness was due mainly to budget reduction compared with the past). The commodity explanation is also wrong, people in construction in the 1800's wanted to make money just as much as people do now. And car-centric planning doesn't make sense either, he doesn't even really explain why it should make sense, like you would make a nice building but then decide not to because people won't look at it as long because they are driving? That makes no sense. The real reasons have more to do with a larger cost difference between plain and fancy construction due to labor being relatively more expensive while at the same time labor savings potential from plainness is greater due to mass production, as well as some other factors like survivor bias.
It’s kind of alarming to me how people demonize all modern architecture and put old styles on a pedestal. When people think “traditional” “neo classical” “European” styles automatically = good and everything else is “ugly” it raises a bit of a red flag. I also enjoy those ornamental styles but it disappoints me when people can’t see the beauty in something that may be more simple/streamlined. There is a beauty to simplicity and modern design that I think can be just as valuable as “traditional” styles. We can take inspiration from the past, but should still move forward and explore what we can create for ourselves in the time that we’re currently living in.
This is a good vid that hits all the major points. I do wonder though if some of it is just due to a lack of taste on the part of consumers. I know people who can't seem to even understand why some housing is ugly vs. other houses being beautiful. You point it out and they literally don't see much difference, they just know that they don't like "old". Since elites no longer set these tastes (just as with fashion), developers can get away with cheap and ugly.
ah yes Soylent Green sponsorship
0.75x
Honestly I’m that 1% of the population who just likes the look of simple rectangular apartment buildings. The color blocking a lot of places go for is cool to me.
I don't think this gets to the heart of it, especially when you talk about housing and capitalism. Society is richer than ever, but somehow we can't afford anything anymore. And I think it was revealing when you mentioned that you preferred the modern (or I suppose postmodern) station. You have your preferences and that's fine, but perhaps that should have been more of your thesis here: the subjectivity of taste (I have thoughts on that too, but this is enough for one comment).
If I ever find myself in a position to call the shots on public architecture, I'm going to push trapezoids so hard. Buildings with trapezoid shapes in their structure have always struck me as sleek, futuristic, and extremely stylish.
I find modernist buildings of the 20th century extremely beautiful. The only thing which makes them ugly nowadays is lack of maintaining/care couples with artificially "added" elements by the residents such as closing balconies and ACs which gives the buildings very chaotic look.
There is some video in this left wing propaganda. When the state makes ugly houses "well, people need houses, not pretty buildings". When the market makes ugly cheap houses "oh no the evil capitalists". The 2008 crisis wasn't because companies builded low quality houses, lol that's the dumbest most easy thing I ever heard. It happened because the state manually lowered the interest rate in that sector which made people with no financial power to access loans they couldn't pay. Fake prices always explode, but left wing illiterates likes the one who made this video don't even understand what a price is. And really? Socialism has two architect designs :"brutalism", which idea was literally to make men feel inferior under the state authority, and the other design is literally "Cuba Style Ruins" lol this channel is created by an economy illiterate and whatever knowledge he has in architecture is lost in his bias
The fast food of housing . People don’t admire quality only quantity . Fast and cheep
3:41 False: I like them lol Maybe because I like liminal spaces...
Maintenance of modern buildings is also much cheaper and with a much smaller environmental footprint that older ones, for. Multiple reasons.
Because today's architectural schools only teach problem solving and not about classical design. Most of today's few classical designed buildings show a complete lack of the proper proportioning of classical elements. There are only a few architects who are very adapt with classical architecture and produce amazing buildings. This is the reason I didn't want to go into architecture as a calling.
This will no doubt attract some "Tartarian" architecture conspiracy theorists.
i live near a really nice town center. its a small town so there are not many cars and you could travel it on foot if you want. its not super beautiful but it is far nicer than anywhere else in the immediate area.
-When Eastern Europe/USSR dismisses ornaments: "Its because of the housing crisis! People needed housing fast and we couldn't ornament our buildings even when ornaments were mass produced too since the end of the 19th century! There's no conspiracy against beauty and the human soul even when Communism is a hyper-rationalistic ideology that actively went against the old order and God!"  -When the West/United States dismisses ornaments: "Neo-liberalism and greed are to blame."      Both Communism and Neo-liberalism are hyper-rationalistic and materialistic ideologies that dismisses God, the human spirit and beauty in favor of their ideal utopia. One rejects God in favor of pure reason and equality, and the other rejects God in favor of economic growth and individualism.
You should really dig into the contribution of the Nixon Shock in 1971 and subsequent unhindered QE and inflation to exactly what you are describing here. I think you use „neoliberal capitalism“ as a misnomer for the cantillion effect and the financialsisation by adding a monetary premium to all assets. You make a great example of how that has affected housing but you’re sadly just scratching the surface. Huge fan of your channel btw!!!
Imagine wattle and daub modular construction out of compressed hemp fiber blocks….
Because too many wokes in the world love things that are not white 😂
I wondered this many times. I think it also has to do with population explosion around the world. We simply have to provide normal housing to the masses. No longer have time to dick around and throw on gargoyles on top of buildings
The actual reason: cost disease.   Construction productivity has lagged far behind productivity in other sectors, and that's even more true if you want to build ornate, elaborate buildings like those from past centuries. In short, it's unaffordable because it requires too many hours of human labour at today's higher rates of pay. Hand-made furniture is far less affordable today for the same reason.
Mudflood
Gluten-free add? I want gluten-full!
I honestly puke from modern buildings.. even minecraft players think : jesus way to much blocks.
the price of craftmanship is expensive because the money we have now is not based on gold standards anymore. there is also more project development that works for profits and since demand is high, everything gets sold.  EVERYTHING GETS SOLD so they make tiny boxxes and sell them to big people for big prices
Can't believe you kicked the cat out for your stupid ad. Unsubscribe. Unlike. 1 star.
You forgot to mention that the destruction of the dollar since 1930s have made the middle class poor and all the money is at the government and people who invest in stocks. That’s why they buy plains and yatchs. Cities without an old town are horrible
hah, one of example of bad taste in building it's my house in Moskow
I think architecture  looked nice between the 80s and peaked in the early 2000s where they had nice curves. But it has gone down hill over the past decade, especially apartment blocks that look nike Lego blocks. I has also noticed that office blocks are starting to look like 1960s throwbacks. Even attempts to look artistic look lame
I feel like this video could've done with being split into two sections because half of these factors are reasons why ornamental architecture went out of fashion, and the other half are why it hasn't returned yet.  I don't think the first two are really factors that are relevant nowadays. It's true that at the turn of the last century tastes changed to disfavour ornamental architecture, but tastes frequently go back. Glass, steel and concrete aren't innovative or exciting anymore, so you can't make a building interesting just through their use.   Also, unlike in the postwar era the prohibitive cost for housing isn't related to construction costs it's just down to speculation from investors.
As someone who drives a car you can't tell me I can't take in the beauty while driving, because I do while I'm driving and walking into places where I go. No we can do away with this notion of cars being against beautiful buildings.
I would love the video to have a false ending at the start of Mr. Krabs saying "money!" 🦀
Because the ex slaves that built those beautiful buildings are no more and now these people living there are different and can't build for Shit! Facts!
Taxes.
Basically, price of construction. We built different and beter in a lot of aspects, but also cheaper, a lot more cheaper so we can built more flats and houses.
YESSSS PLEASE, DÉLI PÉLYAUDVAR FOR THE WIN! fasza lenne, ha végre rendesen felújítanák.
my dude I've been waiting for months for you to talk about whitney webb and all of the research she's done on global corruption, it's very aligned with your commentary around dubai and other stupid things wealthy people do, she even has a lot of damning evidence against elon! waiting for this channel to do what its supposed tooooooooooo
You can combine brutalist functionality with ornament exteriors, even early communism adopted this. Some prices must be paid to ensure you don't live in a bland shithole. Some parts of the town must be more ornamented then others. Its all about urban planning, the illusion of opulence can be created at a fraction of the price with modern CNC production.
We now care about the comfort inside a building and not how it looks from the outside
You are talking so fast, if you talk a bit slower a person who is not native speaker could understand more easily
As a architecture teatcher it' s my depois question.. Very good, but i wish you would speak more slowly
Jeez, that "cost-saving" on ornamentation and general aesthetics is such bs. Hand-carved marble was only used for one-of-a-kind palaces, everything else relyed on cheap molding.  Modern minimalistic-functional design OF EVERYTHING makes me feel sick. Living in environment that looks like prison or hospital, surrounded by things that look the same is definitely not a good thing.
whats the name of that girl (or child?) screaming that reminds me of anime with echo and all triumphant, it feels its like one syllable
The real problem is Keynasian economics. The reason the housing market is the primary investment/commodity for practically everyone is because government legislation has made it so. The entire basis of Keynasian economics is regulatin the economy through interest rates on loans. In Norway for example you dont pay taxes on sales of your personal property, if you want to buy several properties you can just start a company and pay 22% of the profits after building/upkeep etc. Why "gamble" on the stockmarket and pay a 47% tax on dividents or profit? You could beat inflation by taking up a loan, ligthly revonating cheaply and then selling in three years? Guaranteed money. Having almost everyone highly leveraged by housing loans makes rate-hikes from a federal bank have a better and more consistent effect. Also the costs saved from building less ornamentation go into paying architecht firms, especially in public buildings.
To be honest I prefer living inside a new building instead of an old one. Yes the old might look nice from outside  (although I also like the the modern style) But on the inside the layout sucks. Dark because of small windows. Small rooms. Walk through rooms. Narrow hallways. Strange layouts. High ceilings (you wont find feeting stores and pay for heating). I prefer a flat in a modern skyscraper: Airy room with an amazing view. And a lot of them look nice from the outside too. Different from the old ones but beautiful in their own way. Old houses were build for other people in another time.
Is Déli Railway station really your favourite? Have you actually been there?
Because you are a Povvo
Bruh you used the SpongeBob freeform jazz audio when introducing modernism and from the comments, it slid right under the radar. 10/10.
Neo andean is a great example of building beautiful and having some modern touches. That's we need
Clean, minimalistic, glass door building also has made an impression for "high standard" living so now even if they have money they wouldn't build classic building either because either it's not marketable or unreputable.
2:24 :D  2:26 D:
I’ve never heard of there being a  “conspiracy theory” for bland buildings before, but you mentioned it 20 times.
Thanks I hate it.
You got all wrong it because of the government sponsored affordable house that promotes building less expensive real estate and a new communist  architectural mode that considering esthetic ludicrous and to pursue only functionality
Will try and send a message through the Discord, but hopefully you read your YT comments. I wanted to let you know about the New Murabba. Another desert urban design masterpiece…. :)
For someone who constantly debunks all kinds of bullshit, being sponsored by a nutrient drink company is pretty funny.
these are few reasons, but there are other .. but expensive ornamentation is def not one of them, those are cheap
Am I the only person on earth who actually loves modern residential buildings? I can’t care for all these glass rectangles for skyscrapers with no distinction but these 3-6 story apartment buildings with lots of windows and a black rail balcony, I can’t get enough of.
Waterfall by Franke loyd wright is so beautiful
You are from Budapest? I had a great time there with local Architects Bence Maro back when I visited from south africa. Xx
Wasnt the empire state building art deco style? not modernist? i could be wrong
Personally, I feel the reason is a simple and easy one. Money. No one wants to pay for an architect to design something so beautiful and no one wants to pay anyone to build something beautiful. It’s simply cheaper and easier to design and build buildings that are bland and boring.
Self estime is a forgotten trait, now people is happy like cavemen, any pigeon hole is enough!
They used to build low quality, mass produced housing types in the past too. If you go to London’s suburbs, you see rows and rows of Victorian brick houses, falling apart as a result of poor and quick construction methods, due to the raising capitalism and housing speculation of the late 1800s. All around Europe people still live in cold, damp, old houses, some with structural problems. Construction was just as bad, or just as good, as it is today. The iconic buildings, the ones that withstand time and marvel generations, are the ones that were, and still are, well built with attention to detail, which requires big budgets. Those are the ones we think when dwelling in the past, forgetting the “normal” buildings.
why is housing so cheaply made? Cheap money comodified housing, thanks Keynes and ((central banks)). this is a case of federal intervention, not 'capitalist decay'.
You forgot one of the MOST important reasons of all....Philistinism...the decline, debasement (not just change) of All public taste whether it's music, fashion, art, literature... whatever. Architecture is the least of it. How is this ?  Quite simply, lack of EDUCATION,, refinement, cultivation and the pervasive spread of IGNORANCE. Ignorance casts a pall over everything today ! Call it by any name, it's at bottom the same thing. Ignorance leads to indifference and ultimately to our confused, bland, one-size-fits-all world.
"Because...reasons." Do you literally not see the hundreds of thousands of people being imported into Europe? You tried to make a take look dumb while quoting it, but you left out a key argument so it doesn't make sense to people. Embarrassing. What a bot.
I used to hate commieblocks, but now I like them. Atleast they are symmetrical and residental areas of that period had some space between the buildings. They are not beautiful, byt they are less annoying compared to what we build now.
That cultural critic twitter account is cringe as fuck
I SO agree.
As a lot of people commented. Ornaments are not expensive and have already been mass produced 150 years ago. The whole video does not make sense. Plain simple buldings already appeared in the 1920s but still were more beautiful than nowadays. Also todays buildings are not all made from prebuilt modules but built at the site. And some architecture is even more complicated (but still more ugly) than a bit simplier building but with ornaments is. and there is a lot more to say but anyways
Oh dude give a look at Amsterdam Central Station. A beautiful building in a public-transport-centered urban area. They make such a good mix!
One part of the reason may also be because we only see the historic buildings that did look nice.  Most of the buildings from the past did look ugly so those were the ones that got knocked down and replaced.  Just because we only see all the nice looking historic buildings today, it doesn't mean that all buildings from the time were as well-decorated and beautiful.
1:00 Now you must acquire a taste for… modernism.
Firstly the real estate boom - or the neo liberal economy as he calls it - is not the reason why houses are cheaply built. They are cheaply built because of the cost of labour has increased dramatically and that's not necessarily a bad thing. Builders are people too and they deserve safety measures and a fair wage. We are never going to have Parisian style buildings in the 21st century unless you want to go back to exploit workers. Secondly the world is full of beautiful modernistic buildings, just check some in Copenhagen or even Milan. Thirdly buildings surely should be made primarily for people that live in them rather for those who happen to walk by. Most old buildings have no balconies or they have some shallow you can barely fit some potted plants but today people want a big balcony where they sit outside and enjoy some fresh air and shouldn't they deserve that?
1:09 Of course this libtard clown will defend even brutalist architecture.  2:02 And it is "not a thing" nowadays because the fashion industry decided it shouldn't be. People have been wearing the same kind of outfits for centuries throughout history without much change, because they just worked and had meaning and tradition behind it. You wouldn't know that because the modern west is a cultural post-apocalyptic wasteland. It has no culture, no traditions. So it just keeps reinventing the cultural wheel every few years and decades.
Idk Deli looks like concrete vomit to me. Maybe it's just very dirty now days. But it seems kind of formless and bland in general. Nyugati is top tier though. Even with the construction and roaming gangs of the frequent solarium users.
Interationalist elites benefit from destroying european culture and population because it gives them more money and power, because imigration equals cheaper labour and less social cohesion. Leftists can see all of the evil that Davos men do, but are blind to obvious harm, as long as it's spray painted with "wypipo bad". Look at how Occupy Wall Street was oblitatered by manufactured racial, gender and sexual devisions.  As for ornamatations, if anything it would be easier to mass produce today than it was historically.
I live in a rural area and whenever i happen to go in cities i just marvel at the height of those buildings perhaps they might not be as beautiful as gothic and neo-classical ones but i guess we as humans are never satisfied with what we have.
🤠💜
I love how people blame the current architectural trends (yes, trends, reinforced by academic institutions. This ugliness you complain about? Architecture professors f*cking love it, trust me) on capitalism.   As if the most stunning and breathtaking architecture of the 1890s-1930s wasn't built in the age of capitalism, and current architecture wasn't being built under firm market control.   And "modernism" has to be separated from "postmodernism" which we have today. The ideological shift post-WW2 stands behind the choice of architecture almost as much as the economic factors of the early post-war period.   So many good points twisted together with bullshit. Idk man, 5/10.
The truth is that people could build beautiful stuff but they choose not to... with industrial revolution came better life for many, with better life came hunger for more but the hunger grew too big it turned into greed which poisoned human hearts and now everything is seen thru' the lens of money... no wonder people can't find fulfillment in life, how could they ever appreciate beauty of the present moment when they're surrounded by ugliness. \o/
1:19 You are wrong, they were truly stupid (And/Or Drunk/Junkies) and they really despised legacy styles. The concrete technical revolution argument is a fallacy.
"Homes used to be places to live, now they're a commodity"  My brother in Christ, I'm pretty sure none of the nice buildings built with stucco and all that good design in the middle of Roma were built out of charity. They were built by some company to make a profit. Unless we're talking about self-built rural homes, housing has always a commodity, as was almost everything. People are know to trade things ya know.
Why don't we build old beautiful architecture The answer: because it's so expensive to build using old architecture ✓ Now engineers build cheap houses so they don't cost too much money
Ok so this channel is leniency towards socialism, materialistic dialectic and car hate ?  ... You son of a gun, I'm in ...
this video is all lies.
Amikor számítasz arra, hogy angolt fogsz hallani, de 10 percen keresztül csak azon gondolkodsz, miért ilyen furcsa ez az akcentus. 😅 Megnéztem mégegyszer, hogy ténylegesen a videóra tudjak figyelni. 😂😂😂 De nagyon jól összerakott és átgondolt videó, so thank you for that! 💙
The points you make in this video make a lot of sense. But as for the "soul crushing communist conspiracy", it doesn't seem like a fair way to put it. There is a philosophy of centralization of power and top-down planning behind those projects, and a materialist view of art that can be also be perceived in modern music, paintings, and cannot be reduced to a mere "change of taste". Before trying to frame those you disagree with as delusional conspirationists I recommend you check the work of Roger Scruton, specially his book "Beauty".
❤ Go to Dubai and get to know the flavor of buildings and everything else, it is not a BORING LAND like other places.❤
The tour Eiffel and Empire State Building are not modernist. The Empire State Building is a perfect example of art deco, and the tour Eiffel is not really cathegorised for ornaments as it’s shapes are due to structural purposes. While the Sydney auditorium is indeed a good example of modernism, but it came more than 60 years later compared to the tour Eiffel. Modernism is a really defined architectural movement which is born mainly with reinforced concrete, in the early 1900, glass and steel architecture was already been used by 60 years at that point, the crystal palace of the great exhibition in London. Great video anyway!
Add another example: the World Trade Center Twin Towers
Am I the only one that actually likes modern architecture? I know that it's not full of ornaments (and some look pretty boring and blend) but it's the minimalist aesthetic. It's cold, but look at Le corbusier, and you'll see what I mean. Form and function. 3:40
The residential buildings that you caricaturise as boring actually have a lot more sense of decorativeness than those built en masse in the mid 1960s to mid 1970s. Although the buildings you've shown have become overused in parts of the world in general, they are a kind of compromise between modernism and postmodernism. They're not as outrightly cynically thrown up as cheaply and unsympathetically as some examples from the late 60s through to mid 70s. (however that period also had some fantastic, often expensive, examples of public Brutalism, such as the National Theatre in London).
Hey,  I'm working on an academic essay on the topic of cultural devaluation in architecture, and I agree with you on a lot of things.  However, what you said about transport is not so true. In most European countries (especially in central Europe) the public transport network is well developed and most people travel by metro, tram, etc. These people actively walk around the city, so they can better absorb external influences.   The aim in architecture is not necessarily to influence people in such a way as to stop them and get their active attention. Rather, the goal in urban architecture should be to create a coherent, aesthetic and responsive environment, where you don't necessarily have to stop on your journey because there is always something to look at and wonder about. If the aim was to stop at every building, we would have a competition between buildings, so that there would be a constant contrast.   Yes, it's true that tastes change over time, but contemporary architecture changes with fashion, which in itself is not a good thing. Fashion changes but culture does not and unfortunately these old buildings and the ornamentation in or on them still represent the humanism of the European man. I could explain why, as this is one of the basic premises of the study, but then I would have to copy and paste the whole train of thought here and translate it.   I am against prefab architecture, its temporary necessity must be acknowledged, but we should not encourage similar endeavours in the future, at least without regard to the human experience.
Athletic greens is the biggest scam but great vid nonetheless!
I could have guessed it'a because of money. Like always...
You shouldn't overgeneralize architecture on such a large scale, rather focus on one country in particular for the analysis. It would have been more coherent. The comparison between flamboyant attires and office suits is particularly ridiculous, because you're comparing the upper class with modern day middle class corporate workers. And fashion has its own history and reasons for the rejection of the extravagant and femininity (sadly). Same with architecture, you cannot understand why certain countries departed from intricate designs and opted for simpler, cheaper more "modern" ones, without referencing the history of that country.
Point  No.1 - I dissagree - people still find those old bildings beautiful.
It's a mistake to use the Eiffel Tower as an example of 'modernism'. It's actually very late Victorian era in style, with its industrial purpose and material always fully tempered by its ornate latticework.
3rd part is the most damning.  Ornamentation isn't really important, but buildings put together on the cheap so they'll fall apart in a few years ...  THAT should be completely illegal.
Came here for the architecture, but stayed for the cat content. <3
Human greed is the cause of so much ugliness and shows in the architecture.
5:30 I actually find this building nice looking.
Greedy corporations only care about money. They don't care about building "nice homes for you".  They just want to save any penny they can. They think in "dollars". They even count the costs of their breakfast.  But normal people do not think in dollars, they just want to see other people happy.
Maybe you have never heard of GREEDY CORPORATIONS?  I will explain: Imagine you are a greedy businessman and absolutely don't care about culture. They only care about money, dollars, euros, rubels. Now they build a mega-tower with a 1000 homes, that will have 2000 windows. A "slab of cement" costs 0,72 cents x 2000 times = 1440 dollar.  Now you can quickly see, why a GREEDY CORPORATION will not want to pay this. They want to save money on anything unnecessary.  Even it was just 1 dollar.  Let alone the 1440 dollar for some stupid ornaments. I personally love it and would totally do it, in order to create nice homes for people.  But greedy corporations, don't care about nice homes for you.
Thanks, I hate it
Hhahahahahhahah That joke wtih the cat at 2:24 !!!!!!
As a singaporean im offended but at the same time im not
Can say all you want, but I live in Russia, and these boxes are depressing.
I like more modern buildong than the old ones.
Adding the fact that architects these days all use the same architectural softwares with the same presets. This makes a lot of buildings look alike.
My first thought was companies want to take advantage of the every meter square  therefore they go vertical. The higher the buildings go the more sunlight it blocks.. what’s the compromise? Making those building glass to reflect more sunlight and create illusion of space through mirrored effect. (Honestly I’m only basing this on those skyscrapers they have in nyc)
youre telling me this video is a 10min ad for r/fuckcars in disguise?
It feel like your voice is sped up
So who built those high tech buildings  ?
I think we are in a world where all styles can work together like restoring old buildings but reinventing them with new purpose.
Boring housing is actually far right instead of far left because all they want is maximum sales and minimum cost 😂
Your assumption that tastes change over time is contradicted by your very own title. I think it's rather that some taste are now favorized but not because of being a common taste. Look at the so-called architect house, you'll understand.
The cat was really convincing, I don't know why you did that.
I think there is also a little bit of a "survivor bias" kind of opinion in the first place. All the attractive buildings are usually well looked after in european town centers, and well built buildings can last centuries. Nowadays are left the attractive well built buildings, when ugly or poorly built buildings have been demolished. The ancient looking ones still here stand out from the other buildings. So we end up thinking old architecture was strong and beautiful and ornate, when this wasn't always true. There is also the case that beautiful ornate buildings cost more, and between 18th and 20th century, european countries developped industries and technological advances, and mostly were very rich by exploiting colonies.
My issue with modern architecture starts when it's plopped down in a historical city center, ruining it's character. Also cities used to feel different, nowadays even European cities are becoming blander and blander, all looking somewhat alike. Every country, hell every City even, had its own architectural style, they felt unique. Now it's all the same cement and glass blocks from Barcellona to Warsaw. The best examples I can think of are some of the German cities completely rebuilt after WW2. Take a minor city like heilbronn, a lot of buildings are shiny new, but the city is completely soulless, it feels corporate even. The only building to note that give a semblance of uniqueness, are the Rathaus, and the church (and this last one has not been restored well imo)
Ornaments and decorations may be more expensive, but just a bit of coloured paint or less flat boring walls is so easy to do!
The larger building in the background at 4:54 is not a public housing building (just like trump tower isn't)
Cheap aNd easy iS aRqui-TeTRiS,
Good video, but it was contradictory at the end, when you mentioned in the end that one of the reasons is capitalism, while in the beggining it was communism. Capitalism and communism have nothing to do with it. it's the economy, resources, etc.
I have a really hard time understanding you. Can you put cc?
The 3rd building you used at 6:37 is near where I live in Lille France !
This video shows your ignorance. You skipped over the Bauhaus movement the buildings are intended to change the way residents see the world. Each building was intended to be a tiny community. Unfortunately Utopian housing schemes are usually dystopian. In the east of the soviet union  there was not housing crisis because it didn't get bombed. Many of the people had still been nomadic. So the soviets created a passport system and forced nomadic indigenous people to live in this crap housing so they could have more control. Those who did not comply had been shot or sent to a gulag for slave labor. Read the Gulag Archipelago. You spread disinformation.
Architects have betrayed humanity out of spite, and the buffoons that pay them operate on a "emperors new clothes" mindset. That's really it.
cat: now it's my time to shi-.. *throws out the cat*
Isn't it very simply because the owners don't care for it anymore? If ornamentation on a building determined whether you would want to live in or not, we would still see ornamentation, but it's not. Instead builders use other ways to indicate how wonderful this building is to live in.
you missed so much that i just unsubscribe
I live in old city, with big medieval market place, reinessance buildings with ornaments and personally I dont find it beautiful. For everybody beauty is different. For me beauty is in simplicity, nature and in practical things. Those excessive ornaments, churches with naked little angels, greek pillars etc is just redundant for me.
you shall come to Taiwan cos our buildings are even more horrible
We don't mass produce ornaments and, yes, neoclassical ornamentation is out of fashion. Were it not for the profit motive, there wouldn't be anything to prevent us from deciding on a style of decoration that fits the times just as we did in the Neo-Gothic era, Art Nouveau era or the Art Deco era ... Even if we don't go for ornamentation, it would be nice if the buildings at least made reference to the place they were in: granite in Aberdeen, brick and Portland stone in London, tile in Barcelona ...
The good thing is, I doubt any of the modern buildings will survive more than 100 years.
Aaand capitalist Profit maximization  Makes me Sick another Time again
Are you hungarian?
Ornaments are still mass produced. Cheapest solution is with styrofoam shapes that then get a few layers of material and paint to harden it.  Another good example of cheap pre modern deco buildings are the ones being renovated within the castle of Buda. They’re built up using pre fabricated concrete slabs, then they get the ornaments on them afterwards.  Essentially it’s possible to mass produce ornamented buildings, but people just lack the appreciation of said designs as they got used to seeing bland buildings everywhere. Evidently to your point, the profit factor is still a key role.
Tastes changing with the time : ❌Wrong. Fads and trends do exist, but Beauty is real, timeless and objective. As for taste, it is either good or bad, whatever the architectural movement, and relies only on the architect's aesthetic education and sensitivity. What happened with modernism was the equivalent of a revolutionary public burning, essentially millennialist. Sheer necessity to house people : ❌Wrong. You can build massive and non-ugly housing, see "Cités-jardins" in France (and garden cities movement overall), especially with post-WWII building technics and engineering. Housing becoming a commodity : ✅True, due to capitalistic ventures. Car-centric urban planning : ✅True, due to its former utopian potential, not anticipating energy and ecological crisis.  You are showing bad faith when associating criticisms with a conspiracy of "shadowy elites". White supremacy aside (which is completely irrelevant to the issue), there is indeed a will, conscious or not, to create an utopia and a "New Man", as XXth century totalitarian regimes did. However, it is this time promoted by late-stage capitalism, joining cultural liberalism, erasing identity to better standardize housing for the emerging post-humans masses (think Coca-Cola and processed food). Truth is, the ultimate scourge is liberalism as a political and moral philosophy, which cultural leftism and capitalism are the natural evil spawns.
Your input about prague mainstation reminded me of the one in Lvov. I walked to the station from the center and as i decended up a slope, i could already see the station (and its beautiful architecture) from far away. I cant clearly remember but it took like 15 to 20 minutes to head for the station from first time seeing it. So i had quite a long time to watch it. Back then, i didnt understand that this was a nice feature but now i see it. They also had a big square in front of the station, so you could really well enjoy the architecture.
I love the voice overs  ‘’who gives a sh*t attitude, put up some cheap modernist crap buildings, no one gives a f*ck, it’s all about the money and making a profit.’’ Yeah Great !
Jews
Dude- you are bit over the top with the "white" western culture dilution theory
Train good, car bad.
At this point I really just watch these videos to see how he somehow works "dang cars!" or "god damn capitalism!" into the topic at hand
Sounds like a very very american issue
Classic example of engineers vs architects
So the reason my city is ugly is people, capitalism and cars. I knew it. Why is it always you three?
What this? A neoliberal blowhard (who strangely mistakes himself for a leftist?) defending objectively bad and needlessly contrarian post-modern architectural design?  What a shocker 😒 is there no view in which you claim to possess that doesn’t come prepackaged in a CNN article?
Sure, this applies to residential and commercial housing. But how do you explain cases where a cultural, government or religious buildings, where money isn't the issue. Why are they made in this horrible brutalist modern style? A place that everyone agrees should be beautiful and grandiose. That I cannot understand, and I think most modern architects must be mentally ill. Which is highly unlikely, so it points rather to "planned" ugliness. And don't give me the "beauty is in the eye of the beholder" crap, beauty is not relative.
What about brutalism?
can I reject society and live in a small community with cute little log cabins and pretty streets which are built for humans not planet destroying vehicles?
I don’t see a problem with that tweet from Culture Critic at 4:03. Neoliberal capitalism forces us to work and live in cubes and blocks. Living that way will enslave us psychogically. The result will be a blind flock of sheep willfully embracing the agenda of “You will own nothing and be happy!”.  Don’t eat the bugs, don’t step on snek! 🇭🇰
Really nice and informative. Unnecessary droplets of politics ;-) Cheers
Industrial districts are dirty, ugly and sometimes not safe, and this is why when I move to another city I always choose to live in historical/centre of the cities. In Moscow it is goddamn expencieve, but I can't loose this beauty for comi-block, it's unreasonable. But when it's time to make a family and buy a house or cando, I will never allow myself it in here, when average cost is about 10 - 20 millions USD. It makes good archetecture and environment are only for rich people
6:16 Housing and land speculation has existed almost since the beginning of the Industrial Revolution and has been the root cause of almost every economic downturn since then. Research Georgism, read Progress and Poverty by Henry George, and become enlightened. Furthermore, viewing housing as a commodity is still better (to an extent) than viewing it as an investment. The latter, again, perpetuates land speculation and leads to our current dilemma of younger generations being unable to afford homes. It's essentially one giant Ponzi scheme. I fully support the urbanism argument at the end of the video though.
Good video, but you talk too fast. I can hardly follow.
And many people have no taste. At least here in Germany, you see so many newly build houses for +700k that are just white cubes and look like s**t.
The industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
Aaah a western man who has no idea about how commie blocks were or actually lived in them says its good, typical western brainwashed commies. It really is a soul-crushing to live in such an ugly box, also check "Tragedy of the commons" theory to see why those commie blocks are a really bad idea. Also it is a lie that so much housing was required after ww2, at least in my country. Truth is the forced industrialization the commies made and moving all the people living in villages in big old village houses to tiny blocks and in the same time destroying old nice town houses where the people used to live(there was no house crisis at all, it is just the commies forcebly moving population and creating a problem out of nothing)
Thank you for answering this question. I’ve been asking myself this for many years. This makes sense now
🙏🙏
The buildings did git uglier and tastes did got worse. One cannot without cynicism and dishonesty tell otherwise. But the other explanations in the video are incredibly good
There are new beautiful buildings in Sofia, but...only for the rich. Common buildings must be cheap, I don't care about styling as long as I can find a roof over my head, that doesn't cost an arm and a leg! Side note, I've heard (don't quote me) that there used to be a law in the good olden days, that 10% of the costs for building of a PUBLIC building should go to decorations, simply to keep artists preoccupied with some work, otherwise they might not have enough to support themselves. Putting a statue on top of a building will definitely pump up the price!
Nice cat
tbh, 90% of the worlds problems could probably be boiled down to capitalism and cars
Can’t compare brilliant 1930’s art deco architecture with today’s mostly uninspired, cheaply designed and built buildings.
5:14 the fact that he uses a building in bucharest for the orban bit kills me
See pictures of Beirut! The best architect. Such a beautiful city.
Lebanon is the country of architectural marvels.
I mean, those baroque buildings are just boxes with a bunch of visual noise all over it, you could easily argue either way.   they look like the grave to me, deeply ugly on a visceral level. old, ugly, static, decaying.  Even Brutalism is better: coherent simple form over the whole structure that looks distinct from its surroundings but appropriate by contrast.  As though the building itself is a sculptural focal point of simple form in the chaotic landscape or cityscape.
4:02 IS THIS LOSS?
Aha , I went to Prague recently, and i step in front of the train station basically randomly. The building is massive and beautiful but I was unable to capture any pictures of it because everything around is ugly x)  Anyway, thanks for sharing this, it was a really interesting topic.
I'm afraid the same happened with the transition of Windows 7 to Windows 8. That's all I'm gonna say
Some of these reasons make sense. But wouldn't profit margin have always been a factor? Wouldn't people building an apartment in the 1920s want to maximize return on invest just as much today?  Don't modern amenities like air conditioning, electrical wiring for television and computers, more pipes for multiple bathrooms also play a factor?
We will be our own undoing and I am all here for it
3 out of 4 reasons are true.  Let's be honest if the first reason were true ppl wouldn't even travel to Europe (some even take a loan) to know the beauty. 2 reasons out of 4 could be summarized into costs and profit. The last reason is hideous but true. Specially in the USA
This guy is such an over educated self righteous buffoon. He blames the effects of the very causes he championed in the beginning of the video. What a Lolcow 🤣🤣🤣
also alot of environmental and fire regulations that make you use certain types of materials well at least in aus.
Very simplistic tbh
god i was just thinking about this
Personally, I think those “charming ordained” buildings are the ugly ones.
Maybe one day it will come back
I've wondered this for awhile walking around Europe, while its sad to see it makes more sense for now. The future is yet to be seen and we may have reasons to make even more beauty in our constructions again.
If you go to South End in Boston, you'll see a bunch of nice builds. Start from South Hampton, go to the intersection in from of the crossway, then just walk towards Backbay from there. You can see some of the older more better looking buildings compared to that of some of the more modern ones. Its crazy to look at.
In my experience community blocks house the worste kinds of people.
SAD.
Everything built and made historically is about both Beauty and function. The better the function the more it should be synonymous with Beauty. A unity that has been broken in more modern times.
This is just lefty propaganda and tells you nothing. The answer is simply that this is all by design. They dont want you to have souls. Having a soul is not profitable to liberals, and in fact probably makes you a nazi according to them
So basically reasons are: - Taste - Socialism - Capitalism - CARS!
the point you make about governments having to make lower cost housing is garbage. The population will not be homeless or in a mud hut until the government makes housing if the government is not depriving their citizens from all economic opportunity. It really sounds like you can't grasp the idea that modern and thus lower-cost housing and architecture can be a direct result of communist and socialist regimes, which started a trend in architecture. It is almost as if wiping a countries style of architecture for modern architectural trends that are the same across the entire world destroys a part of a peoples culture.
My family is a mid/large size developer in Scandinavia, I been in the industry for 30 years.   Here’s the reasons I’ve come up with: 1. The wealthy crowd is most boomers, they lived in a time where modernity was always good. 2. City planners, not all but a huge amount has been brainwashed in academia into thinking bauhaus style is the pinnacle of civilization. 3 builders like myself have no pride as we build far away and don’t put our names on the buildings anymore, hence we try to do as cheap as we can get away with.  On the more bright side there is actually a big Facebook movement in Sweden where (mostly young) are rioting against the modern style and want to bring back classical beauty. They have had quite big success so far and is a grassroots movement hopefully soon able to affect academia, city councils.
It's neither complicated nor expensive to build something that's both practical and not ugly. One doesn't need tons of complicated artistry to make something not look shit.
This is such a good video!! This is a topic I think about constantly and my favourite book I’ve read on this so far is Tom Wolfe ‘From Bauhaus to our house’, it’s extremely well written and explains the beginning of the modern architecture movement. I’m an architecture student and my class went to a climate change talk recently and there is going to be a real effort to retrofit old buildings instead of knocking down and starting new. This makes me very happy, and I’m hoping that this inspires a new architecture movement. I hope I can make some positive change one day, my main aim is to make beautiful, functional art!! I’m hoping this message could give someone some peace of mind, to know that there is some creativity in architecture school!! xxx
"Capitalism and cars". Okay, but here in Europe, what prevents municipal development plans and zoning laws from requiring buildings having a certain aesthetic? Also public building projects are rarely made simple due to costs reason today. They use plenty of expensive materials such as corten steel. The thing is, that the current architectural zeitgeist is that these buildings are ideal looking. That is really the reason.
don't forget about taxation and the vote, if they're not promising to cut taxes simply to get a vote while we can't pay for important things then what are they doing?
Why We Don't Build "hospitable" Buildings Anymore?
Ornamental Victorian houses are beautiful until you need to make repairs.  Then all of those little nooks and crannies which have become damaged by weather and experienced wood rot need to be sanded, replaced, and painted.  There's nothing like standing on a 20' ladder trying to hand-paint a shingle-style wall with a billion tiny details.  Or the steep roofs that can't be shingled without scaffolding.  Leaded glass that can't be replaced.  For the busy homeowner it sounds like a headache and a nightmare, not a dream.
Seems like developers realized that people will live and use those buildings anyways no matter the decoration so they stopped making buildings fancy to save money.
1:56 A closer look at that building shows that it goes way too far the other way in term of form versus function.
💋  You know, I hate your channel. Whenever I wanna go to sleep, I see there's a new video and I can't help but binge it. Just so charming, funny and educational. First world problems.
I agree with much of this, and appreciate the nuanced approach. But if you blame uglification on capitalism, then how to you explain Commieblocks? Of course, I would argue that (genuine) free market and centralized capitalism are not identical. Maybe we just need less regulation and taxation? Perhaps you would see more urban spontaneity and renovation.
There are plenty of beautiful buildings going up these days. Ornamentation does not making a building beautiful.
The profit is selfish and short sited - it only thinks how himself to get fatter and as fast as possible. The profit is behind car centric society. Let's see: over 1 million deaths per year (that's more than all natural disasters in 20 or 50 years). Probably 5 million heavy injuries, with permanent consequences. Pollution. Wars for oil. And for what? An average car in Europe is used like 8 hours per week or less. I live in a city in Europe, population 1 million, no car and no sense that I miss it.
1:28 I was already losing my hope, thinking I will never see Azerbaijan mentioned in an Adam Something video.
The totally tangental rant about right-wing conspiracy to crush white people's spirit was very gratituitous.  After seeing a few of your videos I've noticed a streak of obnoxiousness and anti-socialness.  So this should be the last one of your videos I watch.  Good luck with your anger issues.
People who build homes on the cheap and try and shaft it's occupants are vile c*nts who (in the words of Billy Connolly) should live until about Tuesday!  It's a good job that in my country there's more of a call for legislation to force developers to build things properly. We actually care! Not enough, but it's still better than elsewhere.
The cheap and fast resonates with most US "downtown revitalization" plans.  Build some large blocky steel structures, maybe have shops on the first floor, outrageously expensive apartments above, and dig 3 stories down for an underground carpark. Then watch as people complain as downtown traffic gets even worse and less businesses are profitable because less people visit...  Smart!
Good kiItty!
Nobody asked but I'll leave my opinion anyway. You have a great knowledge and many interesting things to say, you are good on making this videos, I can find them enjoyable but I think they would be much better if you didn't force that much your views on politics and tried the put them as the one an only way to think, your truth above everything else.  We already have too much political propaganda in our lives, why not enjoy learning and sharing knowledge leaving politics aside?
Money shortage, or the feeling that there is not enough money
Soooooooo, Communism: bland, soulless, easy & cheap  Capitalism: bland, soulless, easy and cheap.
great analysis, especially with the roads and parking spaces
poor cat....
Yes, third world people are being imported to genocide the European peoples but the main reason post-war buildings are ugly is that ugly buildings are cheaper to build and there are few craftsmen left to build nice buildings.
It's funny when right wing capitalists say the left is trying to crush the human spirit
I'm sorry but all of the above are hideous
Further reading : The nature of order by Christopher Alexander
I don't understand why ornamentation is desirable. I find it ugly and wasteful.
What always struck me is how your "content" strike similar note like Roger Scruton.
I was prepared to argue but you said nothing wrong in the video so now I am disappointed. I would just like to add that ornaments aren't the only way to add interest or beauty to a building. Also it is so important that in most places the houses aren't built having in mind the actual people that will live there. Taste and beauty are very personal things actually and when an architect works with the inhabitants of a building, it will most certainly will be built to be beautiful and interesting for those specific people. It's just that in most of the world today that rarely ever happens, and the architect or the architect's client is a developer who finds the most beauty in economics and efficiency.
There's a single reason. Concerning the markets, it's an externality and not priced into the market.
We should prioritise the beautification of city centres through classical architecture, as that is what’s most feasible and noticeable
Teh jooooooooz is why!!! They take over our culture and society!!!
Can we just make it illegal to own multiple properties. 3 or 4. Companies in my country are buying ALL THE HOUSES and playing with their value. Homes are a necessity not a fucking cards game.
I think you forgot one reason and rushed the second. One reason is, during the 19th century and every year before, most to all buildings weren't built with the attention to function and detsil as today. Before 1850, even 1900, 99.9% of buildings could be four walls with partitioned sections, now an architect has to consider the light, plumbing, electrics, materials, space, use, etc. 2. You didn't go into depth about this, but when a government has £xxx.xx all these over heads cost, and actually make up the bulk of the spending.  Also legal fees, building regs, environmental contingencies all play a role on even a small shed. So maybe if a lot of these Over heads were non existent maybe a person would spend the extra funds on a marble art motif.
Factor in time, modern buildings can be made in a fraction of the time that 'old beautiful' buildings take to build.
I don't find these points compelling. It can't be due to "changing tastes" if the tastes change again yet buildings don't reflect it. A "housing shortage" might explain some historical periods, but in what circumstance would you build new housing, beautiful or not, if there was no shortage? The "people are in cars so it doesn't matter if its pretty or not" is flat out wrong. People live in apartments and walk around their apartments. It doesn't explain why these facades are unpleasant. And no, whatever weird antisemitic garbage you threw out at the start is wrong too. The point about buildings becoming more "commoditized" is probably the most correct of what was presented. "if people buy it either way, then go with the cheaper option". I think architects used to be proud to have their name associated with what they built. Today, you don't know who builds your walmarts. Nobody takes pride in having "the prettiest walmart". A lot of the beauty of old structures is a form of advertisement for the city, the people who lived there, those that built it, and the culture itself, in competition with other countries/kingdoms/etc.
I remember there was a planning to build a 4 km tall building in Europe I think, what happened with the plan?
Also people stopped building things of lasting value, we don’t think about future generations, or about leaving a legacy. This was a major motivator of making buildings beautiful; to leave your mark and be remembered.
YIMBYs that’s why they exist. YIMBYS are the worst things to happen to cities since Urban renewal.
Real answer: Labour is not dirt cheap anymore, it is the largest part of building expenses, so we can't afford slaves doing nice ornaments anymore.
Because its cheaper. Ornaments are expensive today.
"REALITY IS A LOT MORE COMPLICATED". Full marks to you, Adam, for daring to preface your video with this statement! This explains so many of the world's problems: overpopulation; pollution; inequality; wars. There are no quick and easy answers, but you do better than most in helping us to see the bigger picture. Otherwise, we are condemned to a vicious circle: ignorance > short attention span > lazy journalism > ignorance! Keep up the good work!
bullsht.
Great video
Groverhaus as an architectural jumpscare, I'm going to be seeing that thing the rest of my life...
it's true, architecture lost it's soul after WW2, don't try to defend modern ugly architecture
There are some developments in the UK which use classical, or local vernacular styles. The Prince of Wales (as he was then) caught a lot of flak from architects by promoting this, and condemning a lot of modern, mostly brutalism, architecture as oppressive. He famously described the new British Library as a place rhat looked as if that was where books were taken to be burned, not where they were to be cherished  Perhaps his most famous promotion was of the Poundbury, an experimental urban extension to Dorchester in the county of Dorset. It was designed as a high density, traditional urban environment with easy pedestrian access. It is mixed use, in that it's not purely residential, and there is some social housing. However, it is also not a car-free environment. Architecturally, it's often called "new classical", and it is high on the hate list of some architects who resent the role of the Prince of Wales, and view him as a backward looking architectural Philistine. However, it is immensely popular with those who live there, albeit they are a self-selecting group of course. The are a lot of local businesses and jobs within its boundaries, and the place is thriving in terms of both the economy and socially. Of course, it's very middle class, and the private houses are very expensive. It is meant to reach it's target population level of 6,000 in 2025.  Coincidentally, there is another Duchy of Cornwall development not too far from where I live, but that uses Cotswold vernacular architecture, and is essentially residential, albeit high density. I, personally live in a tiny Cotswold town, and whilst there was quite a lot of bland social housing built in the couple of decades after WW II, any new developments are essentially derived from Cotswold vernacular, albeit with more modern materials. That means essentially stone, or reconstituted stone, steep rooflines, shallow eaves and so on. In large part, this is because it is a conservation area subject to special rules. The developments are, again, high density, and on a small scale. Large scale housing developments in adjacent towns do not have such tight rules and have developed what might be called suburbs of urban housing, but they remain relatively walkable, especially compared to North America. Urban speed limits are generally being reduced to 20mph from 30mph (roughly 30 kmh from 50 kmh).  There is a lot of this so-called new urban stuff, not all of which features classical or vernacular architecture, but it is still the case that for most, something approaching a traditional house is the ideal property, albeit with modern amenities and insulation. However, cars are not going away, especially as this is a rural area, dotted with (mostly) small towns and villages.  To my mind, the architecture of residential properties in the UK has improved considerably in the last 30 years compared to the 40 years before that. I should add that when I talk of respecting traditional deign, I most certainly am not talking of something like mock Tudor, or a Disneyfication. You would not mistake a modern building for the 16th and 17th century housing in the centre of the town (most of which were once mostly tiny places lived in by local workers - to enter some now, is to enter a veritable Tardis in terms of how the space has been expanded).  In any event, I am happy enough in my reconstituted stone house, on the edge of the town, which is clearly modern (built in the 1990s), but is not completely bland.  Oh yes, I also have that very important thing; a drive large enough for a couple of cars and charging points...
the barbican arts centre in london resembles a rather ugly WW2 bunker because of the still visible rough wooden shuttering used to cast the concrete. Its abysmal. I always thought that "neo classical" archtecture went hand in hand with despotic regimes, or ones who aspired to a dictatorial style, hence the the court house, opera house, university building, government building, museum, theatre all modelled on greek/roman temples with the front columns and shallow pitch roof. nothing "beautiful" about that
>no conspiracy >no pointing out the exodus from the countryside and over population of cities >no mention of bau haus >no mentioning the shitty persons like Walter Gropius changing the architecture school >no mentioning the general bad taste in art imposed by the liberal elites (which affects architecture) what a mediocre video, it only relies on "ahm guys its only capitalism and actual necesities, nothing of metaphysical meaning at all"
without seeing video my take is Cheap and Forced labour in the past.
Because more money and energy is infused in the budget to make buildings safer and more energy efficient. I think the old buildings have beautiful façades but they’re horrible to live in unless they’re completely gutted ||>> building ornaments come with many problems. MAINTENANCE ‼️
I just noticed that you copied this Video from a Twitter thread
Beautiful buildings require talented builders and architects, as well as more money and time.
If you don't think there is a war on white people, you are either a fool or a liar.
i prefer more natural building materials. Bricks, stone, wood, even steel to some extent. Not all this artificial glass and concrete, plastic and other weird modern shit
My tutors were dead against anything that wasn't kitsch 'deconstructed' post modern. I even got the "you know when modernism died?" speech (pruitt Igoe demolition). No respect for the genius of mid century modern.
If you see a heavily ornamented building in the U.S. which was built recently, odds are that the molded looking ornament is made out of some sort of closed cell polymer foam (probably because of some stupid oil subsidy that keeps it artificially cheap) and will be destroyed by the rain in a matter of years, at which point it will either be replaced by a facsimile or scraped off. Dire straits for architects concerned with poetics and ornament at the moment. In my opinion, relatively unadorned buildings are preferable to plastic nightmares.
A stupid Argument I hear really often is that modern buildings arent ugly and that a lot of people like them. No. White walls and grey panels without any imperfections and nothing to look at is found depressing to anyones brain. Thats why ornaments are considered Beautiful, they are just imperfections which you put on buildings so you can look at it for longer than 5 seconds.
Very good video thank you!  I was a worried that this would be another reactionnary take, about how beauty has left architecture, about how the west has fallen off. Another sensless critique of modernism.  Your video does a great job of giving depth to that question of beautiful buildings, in just 10 minutes. Good job!
Almost everything modern is shit! Romans & Greeks built the best buildings that’s why Italy and Greece are my favourite countries to visit.
See, it wasn't just socialist or "communist" countries that did that.
4:57 "not having access to water"  dude dont you know abit of history seriously? villagers simply had water from wells and rivers and unlike gay urban water it wasnt filled with fluoride and if it had pollution then the problem is from bad industrial waste management. not having water you say it like people didn't have water for thausands of years.
you forgot about architectural survivor bias
It's ironic that modern architecture is criticized by someone who loves communist high-rise buildings aka Plattenbau
A lot of the "ugly" buildings used in the example actually look decent. What looks ugly are the brutalist-like styles and the reason those exist is simply because the people, who are in charge of the projects, like that style for cities.
I'm one of the "changing tastes" people. I find old ornamented buildings to be quite ugly and cluttered-looking. Never been a fan of overly-ornamental designs, doubt I ever will be. I'm perfectly happy to live inside geometric shapes.
I don't actually mind the look of commie blocks as much. Maybe because they are still essentially made for human beings, and the depressing look of them kind of creates a dramatic mood. These newer American buildings coming out of neoliberalism and car-centrism do not even have that going for them. For a long time, I  struggled to see them as a backdrop for any human story. That is, until I saw "The Florida Project". These buildings only begin have emotion in them when their original purpose has expired, or when they start to fall apart. It would be nice if some day we could build a physical world that was actually for people.
Groverhaus is as recognizable as LOSS at this point.
Ugly architecture not only creates its own new buildings but it also get in the way of old ones  Just google terrible examples of modern architecture and you will see plenty of examples where ugly glass and concrete "art buildings" get in a way of some old castle or historical building or museum   And its objectively ugly stop putting air quotes on ugly buildings because thats exactly what they are
You showed your hand at the end, you like sterile crap. You deny there is a "conspiracy" but you never explained why the elite nihilists also favor Dadaism or Jackson Pollock over "beautiful" art. It's for the same perverted reason they hate beautiful architecture that requires talent and merit.
I skipped to the highlight, and I still have no idea why we don't build beautiful buildings anymore. Still think it's a conspiracy and modernity sucks
idk i think i prefer the old style and many would say the same
I thought u are meant to be a progressive now am noticing conservative reasoning underneath your thinking  U have disappointed us😔
Why is it that you go out of your way to deny the death, degradation and degeneration of your own culture and civilization? What's the point? Are you trying to cope with the fact it might already be too late or do you just hate everything European?
So many wrong answers in this video. No, we haven’t changed our taste. Just come to Europe and you will see how much money cities like Prague, Budapest, Paris, Rome and so on make from people literally paying to see those stunning architecture/buildings/churches…  The simplest answer is due to, CAPITALISM e Democracy.  If you can get a horrendous “box” built in a nice location and sell it for an enormous price, why would you care for details or quality???  And if you’re most likely stay in power for no more than 8 years, why or even how would you plan something that is for mid to long term results?  Capitalism (and Socialism too) are destroying us and our planet like nothing else.
It must be terrible to be an architect who had visions of artistry and ends up being a sterile box maker hated by all except other sterile box makers.
looong story short: maximizing profit & energy saving standarts
Because otherwise Ezio would have things to climb on.
Utility>>>>>>
Years ago, the historical centre of my city (València), instead of looking a touristic place or a place for neighbours to spend the time, it looked like a big Parking. Why the citizens needed to appreciate the town hall or the mail house when you could just park your car in front of them? The most important square (the town hall square) went from having 6 lanes to just 1, luckily
All new buildings look bland and depressing as they are recreating the architecture of Old Empire planetary societies that the souls of architects and engineers lived in previous lives.
i think skyscrapers are far more nicer than these 'beautiful buildings'
Literally sponsored by Soylent Green
I honestly appreciate the clean and minimalist look. It's nice to look at something that’s efficient.
Beauty is expensive, but it’s worth it. Functionality is efficient, but beauty itself is functional; it feeds the mind and the spirit.
Cars, Capitalism and Consumerism...the usual suspects, the 3 C's.
tbh I dont get it. These five-over-ones look fine to me, despite all the edgy internet cool kids proclaiming how ugly and depressing they are. And some of the old revered buildings with "classical ornaments" look stuffy and gaudy.
To be fair it’s not housing that a speculative investment, it’s land. Houses by their very nature are a depreciating capital asset from the second they are built, it’s the underlying land/location that grows in value, considering that land has inherently fixed supply.  Liberalized zoning and implementing a Georgist land value tax would effectively remove land’s speculative status and would incentivize the most efficient utilization of land, allowing for cheaper housing.  Japan is a good example, as their housing prices have stayed basically the same for decades, and their houses are treated more as consumables rather than speculative investments, with most housing being basically worthless within 30 years of being built.
Ok, this is like the 3rd video from one of these channels moaning about building aesthetics in the past 5 days.  Same reasons why our "skyscrapers are ugly". IT COSTS TOO MUCH. And for people carping on about "affordable housing", this nonsense is the last thing you need least you want to pay even more in rent.
Very well reasoned. Good show!
I'd rather see these "Ugly boxes" as people call them, than shitty, 50 year old, never updated Khrushchevkas everytime i go outside.
Yes, yes and yes... but even when well off people employ architects to design one-off homes to show off their wealth and taste, the still build rectangular boxes - black is the current favourite colour - and these people don't have any of the restrictions you highlighted. In the UK there is a TV program called Grand Designs that features these exact kind of people building their dream home and what do they build? Mostly black rectilinear buildings with steel frames, concrete bases and plate glass windows, and why? In many cases, the architects tell them this is what they should want, and so, as they're not designers, they go with the flow and end up with very large shoe boxes.   The other issue you didn't mention is that building materials are limited in most cases - steel beams, plate glass windows, brick, concrete and metal roofing. If you want anything else, it's either ridiculously expensive or simply not available.  I also read an article about the state of architectural education world wide and how it is largely controlled by a small number of senior figures who insist that the International Style is adhered to rigidly or the student risks failure and being thrown off the course, which is already expensive enough!  Good to see you address this issue though. Also, zoning laws in the US are strict and prevent mixed use development.
How many cats do you have??
So its not a communist plot to crush the human spirit, its a capitalist plot. Wonderful.
You should probably stop letting nutcase political takes get under your skin.
BEAUTY IS FOR ART, BUILDINGS ARE FOR USE. A COMPOSITION OF FUNCTIONAL BUILDINGS AND TRANSPORT MAKES THE MODERN CITY.
If regular is not forcing companies to build parking spaces people just park the cars everywhere, no less cars but no place for people around the building.  By the way I'm not a pro-auto enthusiast and prefer public transportation, but each day I see streets and yards cramped with cars to extend that it's hard to walk Through
oh my god! i thought i was the only one wondering why the buildings now are so ugly in comparison to the old buildings with all the beautiful details. Really love the video!
"And this [racist replacement conspiracy theory] might be an interesting plot for a South Park episode" yay someone finally pointed out how problematic South Park is instead of acting like it's simple punching down on minorities for cheap shot humour just like so many others only more blatantly is profound, original, courageous and insightful philosophy shedding true light on the human condition in a way nobody has yet comprehended. 🙄
It's because those secretly in control are the source of the dead zone. They resent creativity and esthetics becasue they are incapable of it.
whatever happens with housing just should be affordable :,(
I'm just 25secs in but I must say all the buildings you've shown in those 25 secs are beautiful compared to the cultural miracle that is soviet architecture of residential buildings. Especially in late fall and early spring with when the nature merdges together with the human buold surroundings into the physical manifestation of depressive disorder of gray, dark, dirty, wet and muddy. Ah after that any and I mean any accent of color makes a building beautiful. Even lighter gray will do or plain black anything but that gray mud dampness...
Great video, thank you. Are you planning to do anything on the 15-minute city conspiracy theory? People who work in local government in the UK have been getting death threats over it.
It would be fun to hear you talk about (bland) Brazilian architecture away from the tourist areas and Brasilia. Ornamentation is a very rare thing outside rich countries. There are many places in Brazil that look much worse than the Soviet blocs. Newly built housing for the wealthy here is just like the bland modern style of developed countries (though even blander), and they stand out as much better than the usual.
Youtube  Please Do not recommend this shit Again Incompetent
Man I really wish I could support you, I've learned quite a lot from channels similar to yours as well.
Side note: I live in one of those better looking ornamented XIX century building blocks, and it utterly sucks. Buildings in the XIX century were not built to isolate sounds of your upper neighbors having 20 people over, blasting music and at 3AM, neither does it withhold your side neighbor's sound system on their movie nights.
algorithm
Ok, but why did people build those beautiful buildings in the first place? They too could have saved money by leaving out ornaments. All arguments about cost efficiency and speculation would also have been important in the 19th century. That leaves taste, because people back then had no idea about cars. Which is a very vague answer.
why the fuck would you sell out to ag1
The new modern buildings look way better
I am posting this comment having paused the video at one second... I am answering the question:  "Money".  There is and can be no other reason.  End of.
soo yearh..... crush spirit.......
As ever, we can thank the bottom line. Maximising profit with cheap architecture and materials.
your first point "taste changed" just begs the question, since that it is the question we want to answer. why did taste change?   the answer is that modernist Philosophy has plagued society but of course you won't admit that because it is clear this is an apologetic video for modernism   as for the rest of the points you made, these problems existed in past societies as well, money isn't the issue here and the proof is that most rich people today build, buy and make modernist art   so why did past societies create beautiful art despite these problems?   the answer is the Philosophy changed radically in many ways, and most notably materialism and the rejection of objective beauty   art is an expression of your philosophy, so when your philosophy is ugly and meaningless you art will also be ugly and meaningless
Is it just me or the examples he gave of modern looking apartments are actually quite nice. I can think of much worse looking modern buildings.
Move to italy and you will never be disguisted by buildings anymore.
a socialist defending socialist architecture. imagine my shock
Complaining about those "boring" cubic buildings while at the same time screaming for more efficiency, efficient space usage and greener life style. Choose a side. You can't have it both
It’s a shame, regardless that old beautiful buildings are no longer the norm.
So higher labor costs + more regulation
Btw, if anyone is interested on some modern building styles, look at neo-andean, its just beauty
As a lover of pre 1918 styles, the issue i have is the tearing down of old buildings and replacing them modernist ones which i think is arrogant and ideologically motivated (each generation thinks it knows better etc...) Why cant we keep the old ones and build new styles outside city centres in new areas like greater london. Tonnes of old buildings, even if not hit by the blitz, were destroyed for modernist buildings instead of building them in new areas. Why not build/keep both styles? Why do we have to replace one with the other and call it "progress".
And also the towns reflect the people in control of society. Oppressive soulless and ugly buildings say everything you need to know about the people responsibile for them. Using economic arguments or even cars is a minor issue compared to that.
in israel we do build fancy buildings.  *its a real estate bubble thata seemed to have popped 2m ago.
This happening only in America and Asia if you live in Europe you'll se historic buildings everywhere and not one skyscrapper or any "new" and bland buildings.
central banks. That is the cause of delocalisation of manufacturing all restaurants are sandwich or pizza places construction is cheap shit and ugly etc. almost every ill in the world today has origins in central banking
I get it! Capitalism is bad
That's right, it's largely for utilitarian purposes. Much like the Roman insulae were
I'm in my last year of high school in Italy and we have to study Art History in my school. We're currently studying Dadaism (1916-1924), so I know a little bit about the subject. While it is true that the Eiffel Tower and the Empire State Building were made with the new materials of the time to try something new, they aren't the same kind of modernist art that you described. For many, modernism meant using new materials to build better ornaments. On the other hand, figures like Adolf Loos (who essentially foresaw the Rationalist movement of 1925) saw modernism as something purely functional. In his famous book "Ornament and Crime" (published in 1912), he stated architecture wasn't art because architecture had to follow functionality. That's why he designed his buildings with big white cubes and massive windows. The Empire State Building and the Eiffel Tower were modernist because of their materials but there was absolutely no functional reason for their architectural style. You also mentioned other modernist buildings as beautiful, like the fallingwater, but quite frankly, they're still ugly. They still only have generic cubic shapes. It's just that one of them has a waterfall that goes through it. The need to mass produce and create new housing is somewhat of an acceptable reason. However, there are many architectural companies and art schools (like the Bauhaus) who want more minimalism and are pushing to destroy our cities. Quite frankly, I absolutely hate modernist architecture and I wish there were laws against these bland buildings. German cities are incredibly ugly nowadays because of modernist architecture. Kassel is a good example. It was a dense beautiful city. Nowadays, it's a car infested city that's way less dense and way more ugly. Don't get me wrong, I understand why they used cheap materials and such to rebuild it after WW2. However, they also made sure it was rebuilt with the car in mind. There is no way that the new infrastructure they built was gonna be any less expensive than rebuilding the city the way it was before
this is just a bunch of lies based on zero research.
There is also a survivor bias as ugly old buildings tend to be destroyed and replaced, leaving only beautiful old buildings or new buildings and giving the false impression that our ancestors only built nice things.
The degeneration of art and architecture has been driven by the same forces that want to destroy sovereign nations and families. It is part of the Internationalist agenda. Cities looked much better in the past and were still functional. All over the world, each city had a unique aesthetic character. Nowadays, cities all over the world look the same. It is 100% intended.
Love how Mr. Orban was used there but hey... if Keleti wasn't a crime den I'd pick it over Deli 100% Nyugati thus has to be my favourite from the tree. Déli is a confusing mess to me and feels empty and not humanly designed... almost like M4, M1 is a bit too humanly designed for efficency sake but it has a  nice feeling of the ancient times... m2 is in my opinion the best metro to be honest.
They don't want us to look at the beautiful buildings they want us to buy buy buy.
No one wants their hands cut off anymore
Because we don’t appreciate art like then
So they don't build ornament building bedause no one really needd it.
Ah, haven't heard from Azov Something in a long time. What's up? Have you joined the CIA yet?
Always nice to see your cats in your videos
Efficiency is the most important aspect.
Because old civilization who built old world was more advanced.
Orange pilled. Go! :)
If you built long lasting one, you cannot earn perpetually- corporates
No I disagree…
I have a fifth point to add: Survivor bias  There were lots of shit buildings throughout history but they were tore down  when it came to the point where you had to decide to spend tons of money to refurbish or just rebuild.
If it's post-war communist states build khrushchevka blocks, they're doing it to "alleviate human suffering"; but if developers in capitalist countries build five-over-ones, they're doing it to exploit tenants and turn dirty profits.  The bias here undermines the general message you're trying to make that doesn't even have to do with the "morality" of capitalism or communism.  Market-built housing serves the same purpose as state-directed housing.  More housing, even cheaply built housing, provides options for people to live in.  Markets, unlike governments, reward people for coming up with better ways to provide a better product or service, and in a population boom, market-built units are designed to provide maximum utility to the people who intend to live in them.  If capital is expensive, there's no reason to build to a 100-year design life, just like there's no reason to build a car that can last 100 years if it's going to cost twice as much.  You didn't even attempt to deflect the shoddy standards of eastern bloc housing except to say, in effect, that the "motivation was still good".
I think you, and many decriers of 5 over 1s miss a beat in their logic.  Let’s separate 5 over 1 the construction method from 5 over 1 the style.  As a construction method. Of course. Developers are going to choose it 9 out of 10 times.  However as a design style, they are in fact designed to be beautiful. You’ve established that we cannot build pre-modern buildings cost effectively. So that’s out.  But this doesn’t mean we need the efficiency of corbusian blocks.  5 over 1 as a style breaks large scale facades into narrow sometimes random sometimes repeating narrow facades and roof lines. Exactly to mimic some of the images of old city centers that you displayed.  Is it inauthentic? Simply cladding? Possibly? But beauty is beauty. Not authenticity.  The 5 over 1 images you showed were as varied as Swiss chalets, Miami Beach deco, Manhattan brownstones.  I would consider this a major step up in beauty from the brutalist 60s even if we never get to live in neo-Vienna.
Interestingly, the "ugly" building on the video thumbnail is a picture of public housing in Singapore
I'm American and this just makes me want to move to Europe.
So building things as cheap as possible is good when it's done by the Soviets but bad when it's done by the capitalists?  This is a bit like saying enemy spies are underhanded weasels but our spies are Splendid brave fellows, risking life and limb for the cause.
Modern multi-story building windows are fire vortex-proof. . . the window ledge of old style buildings caused an air current that took flames from lower windows and sucked the fire into the next floor up. . . .So you'll never see some styles of windows ever again (in the USA)
The profit motive.  The increasing insectification of humanity.
good points!  tis true.  :/
Everything was great except for the last slap in the face about Karen. Do you know who buys the biggest cars and drives them like crazy? Look at the data of car insurance companies. It's MEN!  Men with little penises who try to hide their insecurities.
Looks like this video was made by an American, who has no idea of an European city where different eras are mixed together and also has no idea about architectural styles in Europe. Stopped watching. Not worth my attention.
Yeah.. or the terraria theory, which makes way more sense.
Play fiat games, win fiat prizes. Few.
Assuming that people are talking only about outside ornamentation is a huge oversight. Older beautiful buildings come with a more beautiful interior. Look up the Cathedral of Learning in Pittsburgh, then compare it to David Lawrence across the street.
I once met a man whose father used to fabricate door knobs to Pashas in Egypt during the 30’s n 40s, he said his father would brake the mould in front of the customer after delivery so that he knows his door knobs are absolutely unique!!
0:58 Freeform I say. Freeform
I think Australia is feeling attacked.
I dunno, I kinda prefer those "boring* and simplistic borg cubes. I could also just been used to seeing those that I started to appreciate it but I digress.
This is for the most part an informative video, but I really have one big problem. I feel you missed out one major factor that left out to contradict the populist assertions around architecture, but you also said something that exposed how incomplete your theory is without it.   Throughout the video you essentially described all the reasons why traditional forms of beauty vanished from architecture, but, at the end of the video you added the statement about other forms of modernist beauty anyway such as that terminal you prefer. This shows that today public buildings are still built in central pedestrian accessible places, that are not part of an mass accommodation constraint, are not intended as private commodity, but are still commonly derided or ignored by general public taste. This raises a central question, how do any of these factors then explain why virtually all these buildings are still modernist? These modern public buildings come in the form of parliament buildings like Hollyrood, stadiums, or university campuses and are often ostentatious in their own form and commonly overbudget.  The most credible way I can explain the pure persistence of modernism in places where none of these practical restrictions apply is that there is a hold possessed by modernism itself over the architectural establishment. Beginning at universities where modernism is exclusively taught, except in rare cases like at Notre Dame university, and then follows graduates into the world of work where modernisms continues to dominate the vast majority of expressive, special, and public architectural projects. From this I have to make the assertion that there is indeed an elitist disconnection between the taste of the architectural establishment and general public taste which you not only excluded but also characterised as a political straw man. There is a conversation to be had about the direction of our cities and the role of out of touch institutional cultures in acting above the overdue debate on the anti democratic development of our shared environment.
Because it costs way more
It's always the fucking cars. They just kill everything.
Money money money and money are the only reasons... taste has changed because it was cheaper to build ugly and it became the standard. When more people needed houses they had to be cheap and easy to built which is again cheaper. Other reasons can always be redirected to money because that is the only reason... to gain more profit from it. More money for the owner and builder.
2 strange examples from where I live (Vancouver, BC) of what you were talking about. In the late 19th century, the city expropriated land to expand Pender Street leaving the owners of 1 lot with no option but to sell to the people around the corner. But they did have 1. Using modern techniques they built a narrow 2 story building a little over 1m wide with balconies and a basement extending under the sidewalk. It was meant to irritate city hall and it did. The other is a slice of downtown now belonging to the Squamish nation to which density and parking requirements do not apply.
The issue is deeper than urbanism it's the disintegration of community in cities. At least where I live, the average person wants nothing to do with the average other person on the streets. Society is atomized. Nobody cares about public space anymore because there's no such thing as a public anymore.
When we look back on today's architecture in 50 or 100 years, it'll be recognized as a distinct style. We just think it's generic and boring right now because they're so ubiquitous right now and we haven't seen what comes next yet.
I'm kinda shocked that Adam looks like a relatively young man. His voice and demeanor had me convinced it was a 50-60 something grumpy old man.
Why isn't your local home depot built in a classical revival style? Because people go there to buy lumber, and they would rather pay 30% less for it than fund architectural vanity projects with no relevance to the building's function.
before the video starts, my guess: Because it's cheaper to make them in this factory cookie/cutter design and architechs have no creativity anymore in designs.
You make it sound like population growth is necessary, it‘s not
Their is a happy medium.
I was curious if anything had been built recently with traditional features, have a look at The Philadelphia Pennsylvania Temple completed in 2016.
The strawman argument you made about new houses looking ugly to annihilate white people is exactly that, a strawman.  What the real reason discussed in these circles is that it's a way to denigrate culture, and people with no culture are much easier to control.
Barcelona has a solution - superilles
Counter-argument to thinking that cities built around cars are bad: a lot of jobs are very specialized nowadays so the odds that you live anywhere near your workplace are not that high. You can either move every time you find a new job, or use your car to commute. Even if public transit can take you to your workplace eventually, it's probably gonna take much longer and be very annoying to a lot of people, so they will choose personal transport.
Depends on your definition of beautiful. Neoclassical is not beautiful in mine.
Eskiler daha güzeldi
Wer kann sich den Heute noch Stuck für ne ganze Fassade leisten 😒 ?
In summary. Why can't we ever have anything nice? Because, it's expensive.
urgh, Orbán.
With all the different people trying to make a profit on real estate, they are always going to choose the cheapest and quickest construction methods. This all started after the 1930s. Contractors didn't like that lots of money was being spent on planning and architecture details, so they kept raising their prices. Then it got to a point where contractors could become multi millionaires in a year by doing just one job. That all had to be stopped because all the other contractors got envious and jealous and then they started having their GUYS do shoddy construction work so that the contractor loses all his jobs. Of course this all backfired because people started to get seriously hurt and killed all over the country. Then all the men couldn't work together and they taught all the young men that they should always demand more money, don't let people underpay you, that just made the problem worse because jobs took forever to get finished. Then the MILITARY had to pretend to be developers and they brought in men from other countries to do all the work. After the military took over the construction industry, they decided it's probably best if they stay in the industry because at any and all job sites, there are always going to be men that want revenge and they show up when they think no one is looking, and they alter or destroy something within the development that will not show up until the project is finished, and then it will be a huge blow to the finances of the project and then it will be a big mess to clean it all up and fix it. That's why, since the 1980s the military has been on all jobs secretly double and triple checking all work when everyone is at home and they are given the all clear to inspect the jobs. Then, the military will fix the problem and not say a word to anyone.  But Yeah, every single project has ultra high definition and zoom cameras setup from every angle so that nothing is out of view. Kinda like how the military bought up houses in every neighborhood and turned them into screening rooms,like what they have at malls , where they have hidden cameras on every single street. They know when someone sneaks out of their house without their phone, because most folks are to stupid to realize that the military has sooo much money and building and manning undercover security watch houses was the greatest plan ever.
I hate how you start to blame capitalism for nearly everything. You really drift from being a scientific left YouTuber to an anti establishment leftist. Modern day housing is not being built because of speculation, but because we have ever so increasing demand, since urbanisation is a still ongoing process. It’s simply not true, that those houses are cheaply made for profit reasons. In the end a neoclassical apartment building can be sold for a lot more, than a five over one. The issue is, that the building industry can’t keep up with the demand and many of the domestic policies on building and land ownership are getting more and more complicated. Additionally, the construction workers are earning a lot more than they used to in the 1800s, so a neo classical building is insanely expensive – and that’s a good thing actually. Also: The 2008 crisis has barely anything to do with housing speculations, since this is THE REASON for the 2008 crisis and not the OUTCOME.  I’m really ashamed. You used to make greatly informational content. This video is just blatantly trying to emotionally make people hate capitalism.
Interestingly enough, there was a time when car-centric infrastructure could be considered "beautiful" (though some might disagree) and had a lot of ornamentation, known as Googie Architecture. Sometimes referred to as Populuxe, or Doo Wop, Googie Architecture used unique geometric shapes, stars and atoms, and bright colors to catch the eye of passerby. Heavily inspired by the Atomic age and Space Race, these "The Jetsons" style buildings spread throughout California to the rest of the US, from the 1940s-50s to the early 70s. However, it began to lose popularity after that, for being "too flashy", the end of the Space Race, and not fitting in with the International Style popular in the 70s (Also, I noticed many Googie buildings don't have massive parking lots, as parking minimums weren't as strict back then, which probably helped fund the ornamentation).   Despite the lack of love for the style by architects and the undesirable buildings of the service industry, the architectural design is now seen as an important era of design, and several preservation efforts have saved many buildings from the wrecker. To this day, Googie plays an important aesthetic in retrofuturism.
It should not be forgotten that decorative elements, in general all protruding elements, are particularly prone to wear and require a lot of maintenance. Moreover, in areas such as Italy and Greece, earthquakes are frequent and rather intense. Decorative elements in the event of an earthquake can detach and fall on people in these cases. This is the same reason (earthquakes) why brick is no longer used in Italy. An interesting book on ornament in modernism is "Ornament and Crime" by Adolf Loos.
I had a phase of classical architecture obsession a few years ago and I remember I stumbled upon a concept of "new old" buildings being constructed somewhere, could even be NYC townhouses where people had their homes made to look exactly like something from the 1800s. If anyone knows what I'm talking about, please send a link because I can't find it anywhere.
Obviously low cost mass housing isn't going to look nice. But this doesn't explain extremely expensive buildings that are also absolutely god awful looking. Like the Scottish parliamentary building.
Read The Fountainhead by Ayn Rand for a defence of modernist architecture.
The subprime mortgage problem was actually a government directive.  From the 1990s the Clinton and then Bush governments ordered banks to give out subprime mortgages in order to widen access of mortgages and credit to poorer communities, especially certain ethnic minority communities.  It was therefore not a Neo-liberal problem but a statist problem.
Social engineering  a designed to leave western people rootless styles of the English Italian  etc gave the native people roots and foundations this is culture crime on purpose it is an evil action. Yes at least even saying this fact as a joke on this vids telling the truth out in the open to hide it so no one can see it. worst these building are meant to only last 30 years at minum cheap profil counts. You can give the accepted storyline to explain why we are force to live in ugly places but in the end it is because those that rule us thinks of us as cattle to be replaced.  Those elites of today are a sad greedy tastlelist small tribe of gold hoarder who have no common cultural historic ethnic for the people that they have been allowed to hood wink
It is socialism. Utillitarism. Socislism mr something.
Its because everyone thought those old buildings were digusting back when they were created and wondered why we didnt build building like we used to decades prior.   We move on
Nyugati is the best of Budapest's train stations, and I'm totally saying that because I'm a fan of Gustave Eiffel's iron architecture (see also the Eiffel Tower, the Mariapia bridge and the viaduc de Garabit)
Deli is ugly, and people do not feel responsible for the place they live in or for those that will come after them. You’re reasons are right mostly, but also only part of the picture.
Its one simple answer, its just so much cheaper, because of mass production.
Adam, you're not a nutritionist, nor are you a doctor or any sort of health related person of scientific credentials. It's a bit Alex Jonesy of you to advertise suppliments without bringing forth an actual source or body of evidence to support this. Other than that, nice video
5:07 That kinda happend in viena in the inter war period.
Good theory
Four over ones are built to game the building regulations .  An  additional foundational cause of the lack of ornamentation is technology . When you laboriously hand build a structure , the man hour cost of making it nice is reletively little . When you can slap them up in no time , every little corner cut is a reletively  significant savings .
This is an overly simplistic video that attempts to condense the history of public buildings' and housing for the masses architecture in the western world over the last 2-3 centuries in a "modern architecture movements for dummies" type video of less than 10 minutes.  Not only that but it also attempts to include various historical and economic factors in the arguments presented on what drove architecture to become "ugly". Normally, including many factors in the discussion of topic would be a good thing provided care is exercised so that these factor are presented with the due accuracy and in the right context. Neither of these conditions is observed here. The over-simplistic manner of presentation and shallow reasoning just offends the viewer's intellect. For example, the modernist movement is associated in the video with the second world war housing destruction and the rise of population. While this may be partly true, the video fails to explain the core thesis of the movement and also fails to mention that modernist movement started a lot earlier and in fact coincided with the late neoclacissism for a good two decades or more. The lack of ornamentation in the modernist movement is also associated with cost cutting in comparison with the more costly building facades of neoclacissism. While there is an element of cost saving resulting from the lesser ornamentation, again the video fails to mention that modernist buildings were not entirely devoid of ornamental features (whether obviously visible on the facade/exterior or not), were not low quality buildings and, as a result of the latter, were not cheap to make - the opposite in fact.  While bringing up the argument of population rise (and hence the need for cheap buildings), the new materials and technologies again the video fails to mention that both of these factors did not necessarily mean that new buildings would have to be built necessarily cheaper: new materials although they did not necessarily cost less they did, however open more possibilities (nor were they entirely avoided in late neoclassical buildings) and shorter build times. The rise of population, while creating a greater need for cheap mass housing, also created more collective wealth and drove greater advances in technology and thus resulted in even more advanced materials, construction techniques and, most importantly, construction planning and building cost evaluation methods. And last, modernist buildings were of course modern, with all modern amenities of the time, none of which were available a few decades before and all of which cost more money. So it wasn't a case of choosing cheap versus expensive but on choosing on what and where to spend the money.  Moreover, the examples shown of "ugly" buildings versus not "ugly" buildings are just unfortunate, to say the least. The most important element of stylistic choice is simply that "beauty lies in the eye of the beholder" and also it is a by-product of culture and civilisation and as such, just like other things that result from these, it is learned and the public's eyes are trained on it and are trained to like it by various mechanisms not the least of which are habit, getting used to familiar things and so on. Both modernist and neoclassical buildings can be beautiful in their own right and in any school or style one can encounter ugly and beautiful examples. Beauty is a matter of traininng as well as being accustomed to contact with nature and cannot be considered in a stylistic vacuum, i.e. in a context that excludes the art of design itself as the determining factor, in a discourse where beauty is not presented or though in terms of aesthetic rules and objectives but on extraneous factors only, as is the case here. The video does not even begin by defining what it is that makes something beautiful or ugly and thus fails from the start.
Went in thinking the answer was money and wouldn't you know it --
The modern buildings in  the beginning are still quite pretty :D Especially compared to the gray bricks for houses when I was a kid, I lived in such a house (Hungary in the socialism era)... Those were totally awful. And not new, not clean... I hardly can imagine something uglier. And such buildings were everywhere... Once I even saw some ugly cubes from that era in a village! It was a surreal sight.
No, no. You can thank the globalists agendas
I think "they" call it "progress" or "evolution"... I think of revolution...
Capitalism. Ornament costs money.  It's not just architecture. Machines used to be beautiful. People don't even believe it's possible, but machinery used to have interesting shapes, engraving and paintwork. It was expected. But the end result of capitalism, is to squeeze out all beauty.
who's the large cock editor that made this piece of eye candy?
What are your thoughts on a la Maisonette type of duplex I've seen something like this it had a courtyard with a big beautiful pool in there and to get to it from the back of the condominium was a underground tunnel
Antoni Gaudi is the answer.
4:00 i'm not familiarized with this theory "if it even exists" , but the way you said "reasons" emplies that conspiracy theories do not present the motives of the perpetrators. They do, we're just conditioned to not look further into them by society and people with social influence.
probably because we take "beautiful" in quotes now XD
Some good information delivered as the creator does battle with an unseen right wing straw audience member. The weird tonal shifts are off putting and I stopped watching.
What kind of moron would rather drink a yucky green BS-juice instead of coffee?
Nice nod to Groverhaus, made me jump up and point at the screen
boomers
Because, money.
Also, I think many of the box shaped buildings look nice despite no ornaments.
Not true I find communist housing blocks visually appealing. Mind you I'm talking about east Berlin mostly I don't know about the rest of the former UdSSR/satellite states
Yes I agree that Parking Minimums are devastational to our wellbeing.  Parking Minimums is like a law that says that driving cars are required.
Adam, thank you for your work.  I'm a fan of your channel.  To be more specific on the architectural detail, I am assuming that spending more time on ornate/decorative exterior window frames and doorways would be one significant way for our new buildings to improve? Also can retrofitting new and plain buildings to look like older, stylish buildings be a possibility?
I actually googled if something like the Rezvani Vengeance actually exists. The depressing truth is: it's not a joke, it actually exists.
Bring back the "Back to the program" please
This guy is embodiment of a triggered Incel, just on the left side
When your videos are getting half the views of your subs, you know people are starting to get annoyed with you and just haven't pulled the trigger yet. Not saying I don't share many of your views, but your preachy, condescending and constantly sarcastic tone rubs the wrong way.
I love your videos, but AG1 is just the new snake oil. I hope they're paying you well.
People get used to their bleak surroundings as long as they have a smartphone to escape into and a large flatscreen at home. The city still has discos, small parks, movies. Plenty of momentary escapes and enough consumer goods to feel like living in a city is a great thing.
ain't gonna ask no architect for nothing when I'm building my own place. At best I'm gonna ask them what can I do within legal limits and which permits do I need. Other than that I'm gonna design myself my own renaissance style villa, screw them and their modern crap. and to add a fine little detail first I'm gonna finish the whole building, then I'm adding external electricity cables and plumbing, exactly like those rich families that lived when those things were new amd said "hmm, I'm gonna add them to my ancient house"
6:10 I find it humorous that you cite the self-made vanity disaster of a middle class american that is the Grover house when talking about mass produced housing with a picture of his backyard.
0:55 Tiškevičiai Palace was not built in the 19th or 20th century. They were built in the 17th century. Picture on the right
Answer: Liberalism, hurr durr let people do whatever they want as long as they're not harming anyone
Buildings are architecturally boring because they are built cheap, not supposed to last for many decades. Statesians are used to build wooden "disposable" homes, so when they build residential buildings they do likewise... Europe now follows the same choice for discarding those buildings after half a century... In poorer countries like my own, people build to last, but most have barely the money to afford the minimum, and no taste for beautiful and refined things, that's the unfiltered truth.
I think it is more important to create affordable housing for average earners in large cities than to pay attention to the appearance of the houses. Since the appearance is mostly only for tourists or well-heeled residents.
´cause cheap. Neeeext!
A consideration for this theory... The entire New York City skyline in 1950. Skyscrapers had neoclassical ornamentation all over.    It's taste, cost-cutting, regulations, cost of large eloquent ballrooms, what they attract, versus 3 stories of taxed empty space with a specific, non-multi-purpose, use.  The post quoted was a parody stating something obvious.  Prague Station was noticed.  the reason the front is the way it is is the reason most Airports are the way they are.  You aren't walking 20+ miles, either a bus pick-up or car, or taxi will come for many cases.
The only disagreement I have is regarding parking minimums. There is nothing wrong with parking your cars in the sub-basement. Aaah that would cost money so they just put up a cheapo horrible surface parking lot next to it. That surface parking lot choice is the criminal thing, not the fact that I can keep my bike, or my car down under where it belongs instead of up in my flat. I hate bringing the muddy bike upstairs for obvious reasons and leaving it out front means it will be stolen in no time. Parking minimum is fine as long as it requires the builder to provide every flat with at least one spot in the undercroft. Not everyone lives on Champs-Elysees, most people need to get to places and since they can't afford to live anywhere close to the city centre due to investment property reasons they need a car, a bike, something. Suburbs, small towns simply do not have adequate public transport in general, neither do some bigger cities. I am all for the tram stopping outside under my window, but until that happens, please let me own a vehicle. First build good public transport then you can have your war on cars.
Great points. I would add that the mentality of preserving (and sometimes rebuilding) heritage buildings is more prominent in older cities. In Canada we have a prime example of that in Montreal, where a lot of old, beautiful buildings are still preserved despite being in highly desirable locations, and hence highly sought after by speculators. By contrast, a much younger city like Vancouver does not fuss as much when it comes to tearing down heritage buildings to make room for boring square boxes to sell at inflated prices. I have seen buildings made of stone, full of history and character, being torn down at UBC to make room for boring, steel and glass boxes. The other thing is lighting. People back in the day were okay with small windows because artificial light seemed to replace natural light just fine. Nowadays natural light is all the rage (even though we keep building highrise after highrise blocking it...), so new buildings have to have huge windows to let in as much light as possible, leaving little room for decoration and character.
It’s actually because of marxism. Communism is a virus that kills all the beauty in life. Fight against the cancer of cultural marxism.
Didn't explain much at all sadly. Paint and form usually don't cost anything extra. So why do we choose to build ugly buildings?
To be honest, I'm starting to think that even a bland 'commie' block in a well planned area with lots of green spaces around and some open areas here and there actually feels nice. Nicer than the overpraised neoclassical buildings, surrounded by asphalt/cubic stone and narrow streets, which really feel just as sameish and boring after a while. Plus, they are not designed on the interior for the current way of life, say, when we don't have servants any more.  That said, modernist design can have some subtle, wonderful ornaments that really lift up the block. I wish there was more of that, but even so, with some restoration, blocks can be nice and work for us
3:59 to dilute and dumb down electoral majority, arrest scientific developlment and produce stale, uninspiring (but all inclusive) art. Read Brave New World, you'll see what is being tried.
I bet you that Disney’s Cars movies are Adam Something’s worst nightmare.
Your examples of ugly modernist buildings are not remotely the worst ones. I've seen so many that just lack any character at all. It's not that hard to add a few details to make the building feel a bit more pleasant, and fortunately, that's something that seems to be happening more, recently. New buildings in old Dutch city centers used to stand out like a sore thumb, but in recent decades, they've increasingly been trying to build in styles that are still somewhat compatible with classic architecture, just less extravagant. I think that's a good balance to aim for.
This is Informative!! Thank You!!
Car centric cities are the bane of my existence
When the only tool you have is a hammer, everything looks like a nail. When the only idea you have is green communism, everything looks like an evil capitalist car.
Oh, yeah the evil capitalists made all houses look same and ugly because when you build an office skyscraper it's supposed to be flipped as a cheap commodity. Right on, Karl Marx, you are on to something here. Maybe if you add some more lisping it will become even more convincing.
As a landscape photographer I can say, that's why I never photograph outside the historical city center and always shoot the same 10-15 landmarks. People come from other countries to see beautiful architecture, but no one will ever do that for another 5-over-1 or any kind of block house...
Because we're lazy?
ok but why most expensive and representive buildings don't use ornaments? it's style choice not urbanistic problem. Taste don't change just because, it was influence by someone, someone who don't want ornaments anymore :P
Well to be honest as someone living in a developing new part of a German city the box shapes are kinda depressing. It looks like Minecraft.   If my plans achieve the way they are i will build my house in a more beautiful way. Maybe some Roman, ottoman elements in the outside and overall structure with a classic modern Interior.
Or “why we can’t hold X to climb anymore”
Great video, great examples. I have only one remark. By portraying the Hungarian president with that ornamented building, you assume that  building should be located in Budapest. However it is not. It's located in Bucharest, capital of Romania. The romanian flag is even there, at the balcony...
But what if I drink coffee for the taste, and not to start my day?
The thing about modern architecture is, that the people who build don't give a fucking shit about how it will look like or which atmosphere it will create. Bauhaus is not to blame. Modern architecture can be super cool. But it is the rotten money that forces us to live in ugliness.
Up until halfway through this video you sound interesting, then resentful!
I actually see the proliferation of "ugly residential buildings" to be a kind of social progress. When people look at all the beautiful 1800s buildings in their city centers and imagine how good it all was back then, it's the most classic case of survivorship bias. Most fail to understand that only the top few percents of the world back then could afford to live in those ornate buildings, while most had to make do with extremely squalid conditions in what we would today call ghettos, if they had any housing at all.
Do we build for the car or we build for the pedestrian? Who is the one that deserves relevance? These are the values we must seek
Just a correction...the Empire State Building is an exemple of Art Deco architectural style.
Corporate greed. There I saved you ten minutes
I always said that Madrid is a city where too many cars live.
But Iike the look of the new residential buildings (not skyscrapers and supermarkets ofc)
Dont be mean to your cat again!
The short answer is: degeneration.
4 minutes in and it's been 3:30 minutes of nonstop blatant propaganda and 30 seconds of questionable advertisement. Absolute garbage.
😂
Unpopular opinion: old style buildings look bad
The only building with real "stone" facades in Budapest is the parliament, everything else is made out of painted foam.
I don’t agree point thee is really capitalism. Both private and publicly owned developments have the same incentive to reduce cost and maximise ROI, whether for profit or taxpayers.
2:02 only because I am being *CENSORED* by the chains of modern conformism!
I am sick and tired listening to these cheap excuses, as if "fashion" and "practicality" could account for a hundred years of lazy, ignorant, incompetent opressive and insulting architecture.  And it's not just architecture but cars, art, fashion, music, language, posture.. The reason we build and are ugly, is because our society is ugly inside, it is just a mirror of our state of mind.  To come out at this moment in time, when half the world is going completely insane, trying to relativise just another aspect of our demise, it's just sad. Can't vote this video down enough.
These videos are becoming closer and closer to something a professional media channel would make... which could be a good thing or not a good thing
.........but I guess there is no law that prohibits beautiful buildings? If you had the finances to build a lets say Haussmannian building, would you do it? Would it be the same? Would it look the same? I mean I love them, but I don`t know if they can be made the way, they would just end up looking like cheap imitations.
Modernism is just an excuse. It has lasted longer than any other style, because it is cheap.
Because beauty costs money!
man, even watching this is deeply depressive
As an architect, it baffles me that we don't see more pattern/form-stamped metal cladding on buildings. Or detailed moulds for precast concrete elements. Or even wood elements with carved edged using detailed router bits.  There are definitively cheap and easy ways out there to make modern buildings intricate and beautiful, but I guess the ambition and motivation just isn't there.
This is a sad story everything now is about money
Meh, I really prefer the modern style. The old architecture looks ugly to me, unless it's gothic.
Your hypothesis is wrong, thus whole video makes no sense. Old buildings are just ugly, more depressing. New ones are simple and good looking. Not every single one is outstanding, but none comes close to soviet blocks, but even that is better than old building, because it can be fixed with paint.
rather shallowly researched.  let's start with the definition of beauty - how is a mass produced ornamentation cheaply build XIX century city blocks more beautiful than modernist city blocks? Would you rather live within XIX century city blocks or the ones from the height or modernism? Or maybe you'd prefer the commie block abominable waste of space? Would you rather spend money on conserving the ornamentation or just prefer painting the facade every 10 or so years? etc. etc.   three reasons given here are just a scratch on the surface
I disagree with the third reason. Up until the 08 real estate crisis, real estate wasn't really seen as an investment asset. The housing bubble was mostly caused by people wanting to make their American dream come true. And outside the US, real estate as investment was barely a thing for the retail investor.  The real villain to blame are the dead low interest rates by FED and ECB from 2008 all the way until 2021, which created the biggest bubble of everything, one which we are still waiting for to burst. This is what caused many investors and speculators to move into real estate and making the prices skyrocket.  So, blaming it on neo liberal capitalism is wrong. Low interest rates go dead against neo liberalism, where preserving the value of money is seen as crucial (read Hayek). It's rather the "doves" amongst monetary policy makers, who are to blame, and these are typically left-wing social democrat types.
What is the difference between a comodity and places live in?  Isnt this the same?
You almost had me there until the last minute <3        and by that, trains :D
I lived in Dublin Ireland recently, which had a huge housing speculation boom a few years back. Coming from Germany, I immediately noticed that all the modern and standardized looking blocks were falling apart on a micro level. Light switches, door frames etc. were falling off the walls, seals were rotting/nonexistant, balcony railings were loose. It was clear that someone had made a fortune on these buidlings, left and now the people actually living in them (and the new owners too, probably) had to deal with the damage.
Boedapest market hall :) I was there.
First time here and i have one question: Why does this video feel like it runs at 10fps? 1m subs and your video looks like a powerpoint presentation? whut? Very informative tho, but it's not hard to double your production value just by using actual editing software.
3:30 thats exactly what is happening, if you defend it youre evil
The Soviet housing blocks are the worst quality you can find. At the time they started out, people didn't "move" there, they were made to because the party needed their houses and businesses for other functions that later ruined the econom. You're right, it's a bit more complex, but that won't make it better.  PS At least in Poland, the designs are mostly a result of bureaucracy. Since Polish bureaucracy is a gehenna of regulations and paperwork, ultimately serving as a conduit to increase the housing price bubble, because it's more profitable to have a plot of land, than to build a house on it.
Also: survivorship bias. Cheap, dangerous, ugly and unmaintainable buildings have been constructed throughout history. They are cyclically demolished and replaced by increasing numbers of modern equivalents. Not everyone in the 19th century lived in a neoclassical masterpiece, or even a pleasant workers' tenement or terraced home.
What a load of crap
I'm in property development, and often do blocks with 50 or so 2 bed, 2 bath apartments,   I'd like to know what you suggest I could do, while staying competitive,   Those blocks you showed, imo dont look that bad, there is clear attempts at cladding etc to make it more unique,   I honestly dont know what you would like developers to do, just like anyone else, we just trying to make a living and also everyone wants to be proud of what they make
It's not the same everywhere. In London so many new developments are absolutely stunning. With unique character, solid looks and interesting designs
damn, give me that Karen number, her car looks like a useful shit at the frontlines
Those buildings (5 over 1) looks pretty good, though. Wooden barracks and dilapidated commie-blocks are way worse.
I think that part of it is the people that you are trying to appeal to when constructing these buildings. If you live in a poor rural area then people not only don't often appreciate culture, they actually resent it for some weird reason. I noticed the difference immediately when I moved from St. Louis which is well known for its old gothic and Victorian architecture to West Texas where every building is basically an ugly metal warehouse or shack and bland as can be but that is what the people who live down here like for some reason. It isn't just because those buildings are so cheap to construct.
Money. If nice costs more, no more nice.
tldr: capitalism
There are several examples of good looking buildings being replaced with ugly ones, in many cases even the actual space is not increased. These sitations are not explained by your video, the reason is purely an economical one and made possible by our legislators. The "17-century taste" of clothes is not the same as the taste of cities, it is silly that this is one of your arguments (there you have your own "reasons" which you mention).   In order to keep a historic city beautiful, the ones controling the maintainance end expansion of it, needs to be have a will to do so. Simultaneously, inner city real estate is worth a lot of money, which make it very tempting for corrupt-, irresponsible leaders to sell those plots to highest bidders (who, in order to make the biggest profits, are only interested of erecting a building as cheap as possible). This is very evident when observing newly built hotels. For some reasons the hotel owner's "taste" are always "modernism" (i.e. minimalistic)...   In order to keep a city as beautiful as it has "always" been, one needs first to define what the true character of the city is. This is not always that easy, but it is possible. However, your video is doing exactly the opposite, sending slanders and talking about bad "17-th century taste" in a clear demeaning manner. As a matter of fact, much of what people would deem to be the "sould of the city", when talking about architecture, is built between 17th - early 20th centuries.  As many in the comments already have pointed out. Beauty can also be industrialized, it is just a manner of willpower. The reoccuring communistic argument, "but we helped people get roof over thier heads!! Aren't you grateful???" cannot be a valid argument for +100 years. Yes, the first communist blocks solved the housing crisis, lets continue and make something that is beautiful insted. It is called stagnation, and in fact primitive, to stamp around with this argument nowadays. I though you knew better.  All in all, a big minus to your channel.
I hate it when I pay extra money so that I don't have to view ads on Youtube but the creator of the video inserts them into the video anyway.
The german-french broadcaster "arte" made a video about the GDR standardized buildings. The author explains how she lived as a kid in the after-war years in Berlin's center, in a building "with ornaments and 3 meter ceilings, which was beautiful but moldy, extremely cold, hard to heat, the toilet was in the courtyard". Therefore, you can absolutely understand her joy when her family was allowed to move to one of those housing projects in Berlin-Marzahn: Fresh, new buildings, modern and exciting. Large rooms, new floors, central heating, fitted kitchen, hot water, bathroom with toilets. Old buildings were simply associated with many negative things. New buildings with much nicer things. Today it's just the other way around again.
This is why I hate modern suburbia. When you’re walking around the neighborhood you don’t stop to admire the homes and architecture; you just keep on going; every third home is nearly identical to the last.   If you desire such fancies, be like me and move far away from bigger cities to smaller older towns. When I walk around my new neighborhood I never see two of the same type of home. Of course you have the “stereotypical midwestern Main Street” but even that is something you seldom see if bigger cities, and if it’s the lifestyle you like to live, not much of a problem is it?  Now I know that it’s nearly (or to some completely) illogical to move from a sprawling city to a town of less than 5000 people, and I’m not saying it’s the only option. What people need to do is start rejecting architecture built for cars and push for an urban planning shift. Doing so will encourage the resurgence of beautiful architecture.
It's both infuriating and also hilarious how the problems conservatives have with modern society always seems to stem from the very economic system they swear on their mothers' graves would have fixed it
So much pessimism. “Why don’t they make good looking shit anymore?” You asks and what do you give, that people are to lazy and apathetic to do/care for beautiful architecture anymore. There’s something in that that I just don’t bye.
Hey there, Adam. I would love to hear your commentary on an architectural fad in my US State of NC. For years new construction here was just rubbing me the wrong way and I couldn't put my finger on exactly why. Then it dawned on me: It's because they all look like they were built using limited supplies from the bargain bin. A three story commercial building with a floor of faux stone, a floor of siding, a floor of metal panels. A residence with one brick wall, a facade of half siding, half stone veneer. Roofing of asphalt shingles, but sheet metal dormers.... Everything in my neighborhood looks like they kept running out of supplies and had to work with whatever they could find. Thanks. Loving the channel.
I was with you until the car-drivers-bad rant. Here in Finland we don't drive huge cars, we don't have huge highways full of cars (biggest are maybe 3-lane roads between cities, though most are only 2-lane) and the bigger cities have quite alright public transport. STILL we have these ugly ass uninspiring buildings, not because "cars destroy architechture" but because they're cheaper to build and they're trendy. Kinda like roadman clothing - those trashbag puff jackets and skinny jeans look stupid, but we all gotta ride the wave right?
The fall of aesthetic is the biggest crime humanity ever committed, personaly i can not even live in these modern neighborhoods. More and more people are going back to classical Greek architecture so at least in the future there is hope.
One thing about that abomination we call the modern style is that its really cheap.
Seems to me that these videos are progressively more and more reductionistic in explanation of problems. Do not bring new ideas or explanations of them are shortlisted into few repetitive reasons “why”. 😮 Good example us Prague station. Road in front of it and parking lot was built by idiots not car centric people. Socialists did not planed land arch and buildings with cars in mind that why flat buildings (boxes) have small parking lots. They built 🫘 because they can and nobody can say them no… and so on.
Wait, what? I IMMEDIATELY recognised the windows of Singapore's build-to-order flats in your thumbnail. Boring, yes, but because they are starter homes for most Singaporeans they definitely feel beautiful to me haha :)
the person who built the house has no taste, ah yes, it all makes sense now
seeing an armored SUV, has made me, lose all hope in humankind, thanks :P
Absolutely correct, but I think I need to add a fifth reason to the list, every bit as important one - you see, "beautiful" buildings built in e.g. 19th century were actually very simple. It was a brick box with nice decor outside, some wooden slabs between floors, a nice stair (I especially love wrought iron ones!) and a roof. They had no plumbing, no electrical installation, no elevators, and even when they started to get all those things in the early 20th century, it was all very simple by modern standards. These days, for example when a modern office building is being built, engineering systems like plumbing, fire suppression, electrical, comms, HVAC etc. can easily cost 30% or 40% of total cost to build a building.
You always miss the most important reason why most states in America and most other non European countries use cars and build for cars.... 40c weather! No one wants to walk down a lovely boulevard of markets whilst cooking in the heat! How about you go visit a country outside of Central Europe for a change! See what it's like to live there in the summer months!
Adam - Great video as usual. Can you comment (maybe in a future video) about what are the factors happening in Singapore that are causing it to buck this trend? There are some really interesting architectural buildings happening there, both commercial and government subsidized housing. How can other cities / governments look to replicate this and should they?
are you sure its not cats, giving you more strength, through out the day ?
This video could've been 30 seconds "Money. Neoliberal capitalism. Like and subscribe, bye" 😂 In all seriousness I live in a European city full of beautiful historical buildings just left to rot. Because it's more profitable to let them fall apart, tear down the rest and build an undescriptive box in their place. Bonus points if the building messes the view from buildings above, is not legally built there and breaks at least 5 city laws by being built there because no one is there to stop the developers.  So many beautiful buildings already suffered this fate. And in 50 years we're gonna wonder why we don't have the same appeal as other European countries. 🙃
but what can we actually do about it??
Europe seems to take a middle ground with lack of ornements but still keeps up the appearance of cultural town or village apartments and houses. Also many of them seem to still have a future outlook into becoming green and more humane with more walkable areas and public transport. Clearly there is still a lack.
I think one more reason is using CADs (like ArchiCAD) which makes design process cheaper and faster, drag-n-drop style. And there is no room to old style sketching
Totally disagree with taste changing with the times or else you wouldn't have so many people pining for these nicer looking buildings in the first place.
The main factor for property value is location location location. But what makes a good location? Surely the beauty of the surrounding architecture plays a nice part? Building a cheap building in a good location is like showing up to a black tie event in your pyjamas.
Man, the third reason reminded me of my English Teacher who had an apartment back in the US. He contracted an Apartment and it had Black Molds inside it, dangerous enough to cause breathing problems, he said. So he broke the contract and decided to live somewhere else, but the landlord sues him for breaking the contract.  He thought he was slick and tried to defend himself in court. Even got inspectors as his witnesses. But he's no lawyer so... he lost the case. We were discussing "Before the Law" by Kafka so... he thought the story was fitting.
Because we don't have slaves to do the work for free anymore
No wonder he feels good when he's taking "superalcalizing" ingredients in AG-1. Because that's totally a thing that bodies become acidic, because bodies are dumb and can't regulate pH. Y'all should buy what the snake oil salesman is saying.
Besides what you mentioned isn't there also survivorship bias? All the beautiful buildings from the past that we enjoy today are the ones that had the quality or beauty to endure time. Likewise in 200 years, the buildings from our time to remain, will likely not be the profitbased buildings. Thank you for the video
I don't like those ornaments, boxes are better
I really think that the buildings at 5:33 look quite nice.
laziness....
You know, I disagree with much of what you say, but I always appreciate your perspective and the way you present it.
Ngl I want your editing style back
Yes.... you are talking about Europe... ok... but why we found the same buildings also in Dubay or Quatar... they have plenty of money and they could build something beautiful and characteristic of their culture.. just glas and metal... 🤷‍♀️
it's actually great to live in an condo that looks bland and understand, take a bus to the city centre and admire all the old stuff there. no educated person would want to live in a baroque-looking building that was built 4 years ago lol. and contemporary buldings aren't all dull and bland. just have a look at singapore lol
Even when you do buy a home to have a nice place to live, there's a good chance you will still not go through the additional expenses of making it ornamental, because you know you're going to have to move eventually.  For more and more people, the idea of getting a job in one company and staying there for the rest of your professional life is just not as common.  There's a good chance you'll have to switch companies several times in search of better opportunities, and that will likely mean having to move.    Also, the idea of building a home you can pass on to your children is also something you see less and less.  Most likely your children would have to sell the house to move wherever their own professions and those of their romantic partners take them.  So why spruce up the place to your liking beyond the minimum, when some stranger is likely gonna end up with it eventually, who might not even like the ornaments you put in?
cappy blocks
Most people in this comment section GET IT! I don't think architecture had to stagnate after WW2, I mean look at the crazy innovations of art deco (my all time favorite architectural style), art nouveau, etc, preceding it. Thing is, as Adam pointed out, there was a shitty storm of factors that lead to the removal of architecture's very soul. I don't want 'oligarchs' that spend money on their own selfish towers, which I will admit objectively the beautiful American 1920s towers, and most beautiful historical buildings, are. It's really not hard to try and create the most basic visual harmony with natural colors, some symmetry, and themed variation. Countless human cultures on every continent have over and over invented epic, varied, architectural styles.
Super awesome, thanks! It cleared it for me
But those five over one modern buildings are beautiful (get over yourself, people finally made a step in the right direction) and would acquire even more charm and character when they become weathered a bit.  I prefer it when vegetation is less managed like in Russia, so you feel less like you're walking inside a not particularly smart architect's head..
I'm the only person on earth who thinks new designs look better than the old convoluted mud houses of a building from the past.
Because we aren’t related to the builders that constructed those beautiful ouvre d’arts! We are “ technologically more advanced”.
I feel like this might be a place I can find an audience for my rose colored glasses, governor moonbeam quip about housing. I live in a SoCal neighborhood at enormous risk to wildfire. We may get dropped from insurance due to the proximity to natural areas. If we lose insurance coverage, I predict the value of the houses and land may drop. If these houses burn, why not rebuild with 3D-printed adobe? We can use earth from the surrounding area. We can build basements insulated by dirt for the sole purpose of storing valuables during fires. If the structures burn again, crush them, add water, and print once more.
I hate being that guy but the Empire State Building is not really modernist but Art Deco as far as I‘m concerned. I mean you could argue that it has modernist elements such as the generally cubic cubature but if you look at the top of the building for example the building screams „ART DECO“
Quality
Modern cities are monumental equivalents to public bathrooms. Depressive, ugly, probably dirty and you walk there as quickly as possible and unwilling.
nice to know y'all know how to play la papa caliente hshs
It can be attributed to a conspiracy as many architects post war purposely wanted places to look brutalist
The soulless metal boxes with ac are even in previously un touched bush land areas now in Australia and could not look more out of place or take more away from the landscapes they were shat out on top of. Every time I leave the house now what I see makes me feel like I need to do what is necessary as quickly as I can so I can get back home so I don't have to look at all the ugly that I can't relate to, the capitalist sickness will not be cured in my life time and it will take another one to undo the mindless careless damage that it has done.
7:14 But by making an area have classical styles, it will increase the land value if the area so it benefits then and other surrounding developments
Adam obviously forgets some important points: 1. Ornaments are only a small percentage of modern building costs. 2. A lot of modernist buildings (AND ARCHITECTS) reject classical principles like symmetry, which is not connected to the price at all. 3. But most importantly, most empirical findings show that classical buildings have a positive effect on mood, a lot like walking in a forest. Not everyone can afford to travel or live in historic cities, to deny them a beautiful city because "neoliberalism" is dumb.  The solution: City councils in a lot of countries DO have regulations and laws allowing them to regulate buildings and districts. They should use that power for the benefit of ALL people, not only the building companies, and that is completely possible in a "neoliberal" country. But that also requires that the public become aware that it's possible and that it WON'T increase the prices of housing by a lot.
Finally one video explaining reality instead of just saying Old is Gold 👍🏻
I bet Adam is loving the collapse of the 15 minute city plans in u.s. cities. The anger against even the idea of them is funny to watch. I knew the words socialist, surveillance state, trapped would pop up
Honestly, and I'm probably going to get a bit hate for that, I think that late-stalinist Architecture found a nice middle path in it's fusion of modern Cunstructivist and old Classicist Elements. I have way too much knowledge on this topic, so here's a speedy summary: Revolution =Modern, Constr. = Modern -> Constr. = Revolution; Russian Civil War + NEP -> Population is sick of Revolution and rather cheap Constructivism, wants the nice buildings back; Stalin embraces the Classicist, but fused with modern Elements and less Prunk to have atleast some socialism left; jadajada War -> Delusion and Propaganda + expensive, but beautiful and fitting Skyscrapers.  But it was abandoned after Stalin as it simply was not a good mass-solution for the post-WW2 USSR, especially since many of the stalinist  Reconstruction Plans had no intention of being realized, so Kruschev scrapped everything for a return to excessive Constructivism.   Also, just as a sidenote, pseudo-luxurious building elements can and have been mass produced, though sparely and mostly to make tenants feel more privileged with their appartment, which has atleast happened in Imperial Germany.
Eh, beauty is in the eye of the beholder. I legit like minimalist architecture (at least for skyscrapers) better than art deco sh-t like the Empire State building.
Honestly, I have so far enjoyed looking at the renovated Main Station in Prague from the bus... I get your point though. The road makes the city centre a terrible place to walk around, overall.
Not all modern building are bad, soviet block looked great wen they where new with color everywhere and open wide space betwen them. But they where still cheap, durable and perfect to house million of soviet citizen.  Now to be honest building are usually built worse, all grey in cramped space to save money  built as cheaply as possible.
Funny how the claims in this video have about as much evidence of Replacement Theory. Here's some random beliefs in my head about why something is the way it is.
you talk too fast
Hi there! If you guys are interested in this subject, you can check out the work of the late Christopher Alexander.
its saves costs Brutalist designs
So, do you shop for flats in more "beautiful" buildings? There you go. If the public doesn't care, why should developers?
New architecture is nice yall are just old
It's true, all people who appreciate their surroundings hate cars.
So, Fvck landlords and cars
The commie blocks sprung up mostly in the 70s and 80s, so post WWII housing shortage is not a valid argument. Architects actually wanted to build nicer apartment buildings but were restricted by the communist ideology. In Czechoslovakia they've been told by the party all colors were good as long as it was gray. And yes, the underlying idea was to atomize the society, so people won't rally together. Same reason why new urban development in communist countries didn't plan any town squares, if, God forbid people would want to gather and protest. Havířov, a newly built city of 100,000 people in Czechoslovakia, doesn't have a single town square until now. And no, people didn't move to those blocks from "under the bridge" or "houses without sanitation".  Commies levelled large parts of the villages in that area, and forced local agricultural population to live in those concrete blocks.
Research tartaria go watch mind unveiled channel
5:14 that building is from bucharest. Why did you chose that building?
Prague should just close that road in front of the train station and make it accessible for people and bicycles. That parking lot should be a park.
Omg, such beautiful cats. How dare you throw her out xD
Idk why but somebody in my city is building a house which is not only old stile, but also with old tecnique (structural full bricks, idk if it's the right translation)
Ok but can we talk about those fucking green or brown tiles every italian building from the 50s/60s has on its walls? They're everywhere and nobody likes them.
Kashmir if you know you know
10:12 looks like dogshit  Likely costs more than anything beautiful.  Crazy how modernist stuff always gets bulldozed with not a single protest.
"No conspiracy" stfu bootlicker capitalism is a conspiracy.  When your culture and mental wellness is second to da fwee market.  "You can't live in the beautiful cities your ancestors did cause muh real estate profits".
More cat please
5:16 modern architecture is more expensive but yeah nice one, you debunked the point no one is making
4:00 capitalist greed  You really hate your own people don't you, you're so mad at any whites who have the audacity to not hate themselves.
3:54 correct
3:13 strongest anti racist
Adam Something not hating his own culture challenge (impossible)
1:56 ugly af
You whats worse than commie blocks, slums.
Those Soviet apartment blocks pictured at 3:38 or the apartments at 5:38 look far better than the new apartments being built in my relatively low rise area of Brooklyn NY, or the criminally cheap public school addition to a beautiful 1920's school across the street from me. The car centric part doesn't apply that much here, but the rest does. Every new building makes the neighborhood look worse. If they have balconies they are postage stamp size only to claim that there is a balcony. And new high rise apartment buildings downtown look just like office towers and create no neighborhood unless you think an Apple store and a Whole Foods make a neighborhood.  There are no aesthetic or practical requirements here, just basic building codes. Because you can sell or rent anything there is no competition for anything in those areas.
6:20 accidental reference to the movie "margin call"? (tl;dr: movie about the onset of the crisis from within investment firm and at one point the CEO says that his job is to predict what the music will be doing and asks if the music stopped and the analist says not yet, the music is slowing down rapidly)
Neo-liberal Capitalism -- that's why we can't have nice things
Lol. You showed my neo-classical  Architecture faculty building in VIlnius! haha
Housing was already a commodity for speculation in the 19th century. But back then for example in Britain the investors actually cared for ornamentation as appeal would ensure quick sales.
I just realised that your accent sounds slightly similar to the accent of Giancarlo Esposito in his role as Gustavo Fring :D You make interesting videos 👍
You really went off the deep end, glad I unsubbed months ago.
European hates cars and loves trains. What a surprise.
Please just become the urban architecture supreme leader of Europe or something, I'm tired of literally everything bad you mention
Alors que le fléau du monde moderne, et tout le monde s’accorde à le dire, est la violence, ils vont te foutre des briques rouges ! Tout ça c’est magouilles politico-je-sais-pas-quoi
there are no european people in europe
Maybe I'm just weird but I love skyscrapers and do think they are beautiful. The Chrysler Building in New York is my favorite.
Capitalists don´t have money for important things - housing, public transport, healthcare or education.
Says the same guy who said that ugly commie blocks are great 🤦🏻‍♂
Prefabrication and cost cutting. Why pay stoneworkers and carpenters good money to design and install cosmetically appealing exterior finishes?   Instead it’s all done on the planning (and pre-, and prepre- planning phases) where all the engineering and designing is separate from the actual erection and finishes.   I blame government regulation.
Cool video, but OH MY GOD, SAUDI ARABIA IS BUILDING ANOTHER STUPID GEOMETRICAL CGI MEGAPROJECT. please roast the cube. no pressure.
Why would you put "beautiful" in quotes? Pre WW2 architecture was far superior to Post WW2 architecture. Both for public buildings and housing.  Addressing the changing tastes argument: Neoclassical architecture has lasted far longer, and examples of it will exist long after most concrete and glass structures have been torn down. Neoclassical architecture represents a style of architecture, which reflects the historical and cultural heritage of the places they are built in. This helps to give a sense of character and identity to the places they are built. They improve people's connection with the past of their society and culture. They also make people feel better about living in the city or town that has that style of architecture, because it is aesthetically pleasing. Large concrete and steel architecture does not do this. It deracinates people from the culture and society they live in. It feels stale and bland, and examples of glass and concrete architecture can be found in towns and cities all over the world.  There are many modernist examples of architecture which are private, daring, experimental buildings like those built by Frank Lloyd Wright. They are very admirable examples, but in general modernist architecture fails to create an environment which feels as aesthetically pleasing, as buildings built in older, pre WW1 styles. Making a comparison between 18th Century clothes, and 20th century clothes, is a poor comparison. 18th buildings were designed with a perennial mindset. 18th Century clothes were not.  The modernist trend to remove building ornamentation in the way that it was incorporated in older buildings, is symptomatic of the fact that we as a society in the west, are not as appreciative of aesthetics and beauty in our society. We are far more likely to build a building as cheaply and efficiently as possible. It's a very empty, utilitarian and materialistic mindset that goes into making new buildings, or street lights, or rubbish bins, or street benches. We as a society have lost the spirit and wisdom to build things with aesthetics and beauty in mind. Such is the absolute state of modernity.  Addressing the housing shortages argument: The 19th century saw some of the most rapid population growth in the history of Europe and North America. This did not stop these societies creating buildings with ornamentation, and valueing aesthetics. If think if you lived in a poor, rural, soviet village, in a wooden home with no running water or electricity, you still would have had a strong social connection to your family and community. These blocks may have had greater material benefits for their occupants, but their layout and small size were not conducive to human flourishing and creating social bonds. They were soul crushing monstrosities, built under the materialistic mindset of Marxist-Leninism. It's was a mindset which ignored the non-materialistic needs of human beings.  Addressing the housing becoming a commodity instead of places to live: This is largely true, but almost all the old neoclassical and baroque buildings were build privately. The issue with bland looking condos and apartment buildings that blight cities like Munich, is one of managerialism, and a managerial led society, with a similar materialistic mindset to soviet planners.  Addressing the car-centric urban planning argument: Very true. Post WW2 town and city planning has been an absolute disaster for modern society. There's no doubt about it. This is again, is largely down to the fact our society post WW2 was run by managers, with a managerial political mindset. The way the highway systems of Europe & North America were constructed, is very different to the way the railways were built. I would argue rail infrastructure's cobstruction and intergration into society, was done far more economically efficiently, and less intrusively, than the way car infrastructure was.
A penny saved is a penny earned.
The empire state building isn't modernist though It's art deco
I'm jealous of your cats <3
A déli pályaudvar tényleg gyönyörű ha keresztül látsz a retken! Örülök hogy kimondtad!
The major reason why all modern buildings look the same is that they are built from the same building blocks, prefabricated by the same five or so market dominating companies who have made bank on a near monopoly. (edit)Nearly forgot: A note on fashion and architecture. They have always taken inspiration from earlier eras, which is why styles like new Classicism even could exist. Modernist architectural dogma which states that we should act as if nothing that was built before 1930 could have any value to later art forms is immature and ridiculous. Imagine if someone said that using Roman arches shoud be prohibited after the fall of the Roman Empire! Nearly all styles between like 1400 and 1910 would never have happened. Ironically, the sameness of shape that modernist office buildings and housing has can have a real effect on the human psyche, increasing stress and anxiety. The intention was (mostly) noble in the beginning, but now? Also, the effects were not what was wished for... What I think a lot of people forget when we talk about modern architecture is the building materials. In the end, does it even matter if the outside is beautiful, if the quality is just as bad as any other modern building?
You say "reasons", but I can find countless examples of elites espousing those exact "reasons". I'm not saying it's the only motivator, but it definitely is one of the chief motivators.
There is an element of survivor bias.  Tenement blocks and slums of old tended to get pulled down and thus dont stand the test of time. It will be similar for most of the modern buildings.
The cars have nothing to do with it, that reasoning is flawed. Otherwise - great video!
Yes bad building no architecture no creativity no taste !! Wow what's happening to architecture??
I can understand why cheap and quick buildings are the way to go to reconstruct a city quickly after a war (Frankfurt comes to mind) but what I can’t forgive is building glass monstrosities in times of peace and somehow spending more money on them that a classic architecture would.
Still doesn't justify the existence of this trash – people do demand _beauty_ (and no, it didn't change) and quality of living and it has economic implications, the argument of "necessity" also fails because during the whole history of mankind we had such necessity and our houses didn't look like a f*cking gas chamber  3:49 nice caricature using the race card, unfortunate that all ethinicities still have the same universal distaste for modern trash
I dream of a neoliberal capitalist utopia of dense walkable beautiful cities
Functionality over aesthetics: music to my eyes. I prefer the modern. Even today architects make some weird looking building, trying to be famous by making beautiful stuff and who lives there suffer. Round walls, weird corners, roofs that doesn't make any sense. Just keep the basic working and then add aesthetics.
Beautiful buildings that inspire cultural relevance are racist and white supremacist. Multiculturalism forces homogeneity in all things. Saved you a watch.
Fuck brutalism, all my homies hate brutalism.
La arquitectura moderna construye edificios diría desnudos sin arte y sin misterio.
Average Déli pályaudvar enjoyer
The buildings reflects the psyche,the energy ,mindset of the people living in..
Because people cry it’s racist
LOL, until recently I hadn't realized that Mario updated his favorite way to tackle ED and it's a relief! Although what he previously suggested was pretty good, it was a real pain to follow... I just go'ogled the latest in Volpstein’s Thunderous Erections, it's so much simpler and potent now!
I don't know, it might be the correct outfit to wear( 17th century suit) for certain job interviews, being a guide to historical properties, Disneyland, etc.😉
I was in Budapest last summer and Deli was the closest station I could explore. I loved the eastern European architecture, especially inside, but unfortunately there are some renovation(?) works and most of the outside is covered
So you are pretty much describing neo lib capitalism- housing is a product aka architecture is a product to be sold but made for cheap and quickly. Soooo there ya go ;)
Whatever topic Adam would say, there's always two things to summarize   1. Car Centric is thorn of most of Modern Problem  2. Rail  which i agree on, almost 100%.
Buildings today are more beautiful than in the past. Buildings in the past makes the background look gloomy. Buildings evolve overtime and gets better.
i’m amazed youtube recommended me this video when i literally think this every single day in germany
Tbh I think the shown modern buildings are better looking than the old ornamented ones xD
It’s all about building for profit. Designed to be knocked down in ten years time so they can make more profit building new ones
I think you missed one key point - banks won't lend on properties they don't believe will be viable. Banks are often pushing for more parking, oddly enough. It's hard to fight history and inertia.
Brutal structures and a glass butt plug welcome to modern architecture.
I'm quite sure that in past times, even in Rome or XVII century, common people/pesants houses were "ugly"
In my city they do build bland commie-like-but-colorful blocks but smaller projects tend to be very diverse. There is no standard plot size so each building has to be designed individually anyway and I'd say the worst era of architecture has already ended here, lasting from around 1985 to 2010. Some of the best ones are actually the ones with very few ornaments and simply good proportions.
It's really just capitalism. Even worse, most boomers, at least in the US, will defend these laws because they grew up with an image of a "normal american town", that was actually intentionally planned by the automotive industry to make the whole nation depend on their products. And car owners will defend it. The perfect business.
Why We Don't Build "Beautiful" Buildings Anymore? - It`s because, local councils and cheap contractors get along like a house on fire.
We used to have beautiful buildings in Detroit until all the coloreds ruined them
Self-righteous comparison. Maybe some people prefer to take pride in their car than in a house. Again, I am opposed to injustice above all else, such as the USA and Canada forcing car-centric dependency onto everyone who doesn't want it. Nevertheless, it is still just a matter of subjective opinion what human-made object people want to take pride in building.
i listen to your videos in the background while i jack off
I really love your urbanism content and takes, but I do have a few rebuttals against some of your points made in terms of architecure:  Changing tastes is a stupid argument; you say in the intro that most stuff built nowadays is bland and uninspired. You're not alone! Why do you think the idea of 'architectural heritage' is so deeply worshipped, when it was practically non-existent one to two centuries ago? Because it's literally just prettier! And we don't want to replace it with something worse!  The idea that we can't afford ornamentation is just as strange. Cities all around the world are filled to the brim with 10-20-storey glass and steel structures, sometimes completely useless that end up being closed down due to suicide risk (ahem, New York). Do you really think these are cheaper than a 2-3 storeys of concrete and paint, with a little bit extra concrete added on in some parts to spice up the look? If you do, look into the case study of the cheaper price per sqft of the Tuscaloosa federal courthouse as opposed to the Eugene federal courthouse. It's rather interesting.  Putting it out there that Bhutan, a thoroughly developing country, can 'afford' (necessitates) ornament, where the richest country in the world shies away from it.  Also, don't pull that 'far right love new traditionalism' bullshit. Yes, there are some wackjobs. But ignore them and the sentiment is not a political one; the love for ornament does not necessarily mean the love of White European Ideas(TM). It's the love for islamic architecure. Indian architecture. Japanese architecture. ANY OTHER ARCHITECTURE THAN (hello, western born) 'INTERNATIONAL' ARCHITECTURE.  Finally, you put forward your arguments under the assumption that architecture doesn't actually matter in the grand scheme of things. This is where I take issue; people's surroundings have been shown to affect their happiness, and relegating beauty to those who can afford it is an inherently classist way of thinking. Giving the poor ugly homes because you can't be assed to tax the rich to make up the difference isn't egalitarian. It's authoritarian.
nooo let the cat iiiin
"And there's my excuse to talk about trains" :D  Was wondering how you'd roll trains into this one :D
FUCKING CARS AGAIN
It’s expensive is my guess
top 1 car hater in the world
I blame corporate, they want everything to be as basic as possible
We need to to escape to the only place not corrupted by capitalism and cars. SPACE. Let's build something nice on the moon.
🙏 thank you.   There should be more strict design limitations to ensure cultural heritage preservation (only on historical landmark buildings).  New buildings should adopt their adjacent building’s design by 60% for continuity.   When I wonder through German city’s there are these beautiful 19th to mid 20th Century buildings now littered by cheap illuminated store signs, ugly commercial window foils, kebab stores, not integrated in the historical architecture, it’s all an eyesore.
While I was working on Moscow developers tend to use some interesting architecture and materials on city malls. But it was most expensive Russian city in time of golden shower due to high oil prices. Guess i got lucky in this regards and what a pity to work there as architect now.
I would be surprised if he didn't solve the ugly building problem with trains
In NYC they've been changing the projects into million dollar condos. And people are buying them.  Still same old box building . What's the difference?
I agree
There is a movement all over Europe called the Architectural rebellion promoting the construction of classical ornamental buildings and it has produced results in Poland, Germany and the Baltics.
Reasons: - people are dumb - communism - capitalism - cities are dumb
Explaining why doesn't make it less horrible though
Hey Adam, i'm Max from Germany and i studied geography until half a year ago. I was not really sure what direction i wanted to go after my degree besides contributing to something i deem sustainable. You and your Videos about City planning and urban transport Systems really fascinated me and influenced me to go that direction. I have completed a 3 months internship now and beginning my masters soon in that general direction. I just wanted to let you know and give you a little credit. Wish you the best, man! And keep up the good work:)
Unpopular opinion commie blocks are beautiful if they are kept well
As a person living in a poor area with those ugly looking apartments I have no problems with it, they are built for utility. My problem is that my country, Sweden (Modernist heaven) keep builiding expensive luxury buildings and offices around parks, beaches and city centers in the same style and it's god awful to behold. If you're gonna waste tax payer money on expensive buildings only the 20% can afford atleast make em look nice. Then it would be enjoyable to walk through them atleast.
Play into your favorite game Atomic Hearts about your dream communism of future.
I think even minimalistic and bland architecture like the commie blocks can be tolerable, provided that the general layout of the area looks natural, compact, prioritizes pedestrians over cars, contains a diversity of uses (residential, commercial, schools, recreational etc.), abounds in greenery and integrates the natural landscape around it, like woods or meadows, instead of isolating itself from it. My beloved neighborhood Na Skarpie in Toruń, Poland is a good example of such an area. The building designs might not be too charming but they're not eyesores either.
Car centric urban planning is the reason for every problem. Why did you forget your homework? Why did you cheat on me?  Why did you attack Ukraine? ... Car centric urban planning.
I just love the new style of editing! Shoutout to the editor!
The sad thing is that we made buildings bland and efficient to minimize the cost of housing, then our governments and corporations screwed things up so bad that housing is now more unaffordable than ever anyway.
And they're all made out of ticky-tacky and they all look just the same! -Malvina Reynolds
I wish I was born in the future, when city design is (hopefully) better
Because (((someone))) doesn't want that
Biggest reason for this is mass production. Not even housing crisis is the main problem but just mass over population and the way buildings are made VS back then.  Back then buildings were rarely built in large quantities. A business owner would own his property, wants to develop it, he would get in touch with one of the architects and they would build a new unique building. That's why European cities are filled with unique buildings and even the blandest ones still are unique and decent looking. None of the materials used for the buildings were mass produced either. Resulting in better overal quality.  Taste is not a valid argument here because architecture has never been in the hands of the general public. It has always been an elitist business where all parties both the client and architect are far removed from the average person and what they would want. This persists to this day with large housing developing companies that sprung up. They will just build whatever is the cheapest and quickest. What the general public would want is not taken into consideration and building unique houses where every one has it's own style is not viable in this mass production based housing economy.  Another thing you get wrong which I find super frustrating is this common misconception that it's just simply too expensive to build these because, according to you, "these ornaments are not mass produced", like all traditional actual good architecture relies solely on that. You portray this like all traditional architecture people want has to be specifically neo classical or gothic in origin while you can make perfectly fine traditional houses without any cut ornaments. You'd be surprised what wonders you can do arranging bricks in creative ways. It really does not have to be expensive material-wise.   But the worst part of this video is that you do not put this forth as a problem. In fact you seem quite smug delivering this message. Why are you so happy to deliver this complete black pill? Are you one of those people who feels no emotional connection to their surroundings?
That video reminds me of the thankfully now revoked executive order by Trump to use classical style for all federal buildings.
5:00 based
Cats make everything better :) 😍😺😍
Haha the picture of groverhouse at 6:13
I love this video and your channel in general
Housing shortages = population growth. Isn't wonderful that there are so many more of us humans...? ...all living slightly more miserable lives.
europe still standing strong, at least here, we even preserve such buildings, from houses, to stores, anyone buying a property on the contract it says he must preserve it CANT alter, most buildings here are from 1900's thats mostly because we dont get earthquakes here and the buildings still stand strong with minor damages easily repaired. marble and stone is the most common material.
So the "new" architecture is the ugliest I've ever seen. It makes no sense whatsoever. How about power washing n preserving. This is the future?? It's destructive n very scary. And what? Costs a heck of a lot more? Which, I guess, was the point.
A church in my town renovated recently. They actually built a pretty kickass Romanesque Revival church building. It really fits well with some of the other buildings in my town which are all white limestone like the church. So I took my camera and loaded it with some expensive film and went out to photograph the new church. I spent like half an hour running around the block trying to find a good vantage point to photograph it, but it just doesn't exist. The building itself is gorgeous, but its surroundings are a car-centric hellscape. There's no angle where you can't see the road or the stop lights. All that architecture wasted on such a lousy location. I went home without snapping a single shot. Not gonna waste good film on the church built next to a stroad.  So needless to say, this video was really cathartic for me. Thank you.
Beautiful is a matter of taste.  Great video.
Ask Adam Something why buildings aren’t as beautiful anymore and he’ll still manage to end up with transportation lmfao. Astonishingly, he’s not even wrong. ._.
I know it's off topic, but I am SO confused as to why that dude's computer at 6:21 is sporting (a) SF Giants sticker (b) San Jose Sharks sticker (c) Golden State (Oakland/SF) Warriors sticker and (d) Seattle Seahawks sticker??? I mean, I'm all for hating on the 49ers, but that seems out of place.
At least for Germany, there is one more issue. Years of "schwarze Null" (no new public debt policy) were paid for by having too little people working on stuff like public permits. That's why the waiting period to get a construction permit have increased drastically. But, if you request a permit for something you've already build exactly like this before, many steps can be skipped. Thus, as a developer, you need to make a template that lots of people will accept without changes.
From an economic point of few building as cheap as possible is not necessarily a bad thing. It is society allocating just enough ressources where they are needed, freeing up ressource for other projects.
Can you make a video comparing infrastructure in Western Europe to infrastructure in Eastern Europe? Soviet City Planning must have left some scars, and it'd be interesting to see how Eastern Europe deals with that. Also, how much differs Germany and its car-centric design from Soviet and American infrastructure?
The communist block, right... Even in France we had big homeless camps of french citizen until mid 80s despite trying to build as many of these 'communist blocks' as fast as possible. People that were working and had the money to buy an house, but no house or apartment to be bought. Americans really underestimate the destruction of infrastructures in the countries WW2 actually happened on, I suppose because their own country didn't get any destruction.
Ironcly the art and crafts movement came about after ornate Victorian trim was mass manufactured and considered excessive. Still I'd all be in favor of mass manufacturing ornate details for buildings will bring down cost.
Common Adam Something W
You could also blame the high labor cost, making labor intensive architecture relatively more expansive than in the past
Groverhaus makes another appearance! 🏠
Simple reason, money.
you make good videos but then you do ads for crap like ag1, that's sad.
One of the newest architectural designs are blending outdoor natural both internally and external.  Greenery , open to sun and open skys,  water courses with actual inviting seating. Yes the US is a depressing architectural style for the poorer middle class. Income  is not going into housing projects that in reality show no differentiation from neighbors except mirror reversing and paints. Owning property with house surrounded by natural environment is much wanted and housing single family must blend into natural. Home ownership in US hasdegenerated into buying expensive apartments of artificial lifestyles or warehousing of less affluent into apartments that are as unnatural nature infringing. Apartment dwellers seem to enjoy not being responsible as are homeowners, lack real connectivity to buildings and even surroundings and so fill them with artificial throw away furnishings. To buy a house is not buying a home,it is almost always,today, a temporary investment. You sart with cheap sell at profit u nail you can sell at profit. In a nation which has become very mobile and moves every few years the idea of stability of a home .eans life long commitment,
it's cheaper and easier, plus styles change over the years.
It's funny how you can apply these arguments to Halloween costumes. Why things like the Bedsheet Ghost, Toilet-paper Mummy, or T-Shirt Ninja type costumes becoming very popular and common. Especially when children are tasked with creating these costumes.     I feel like other cultures also have cheap and easy scary costumes. Yurei in Japan is a good example. Its just a woman in a white gown with long black hair.
The best place to see how the world of achitecture have changed, is Budapest. From the two-tone, simplistic, but practical mass of Budapest Déli Railway Station, Metro Line 3's old stations, to the yellowish white brick buildings with Antique Greek-inspired decorations, Zsolnay Roof Tiles, to the practical, brown, grey, red, or yellow colored, all-concrete blocks made in the 60s-70s (Khrushchevkas, but with lightyears worth of improvements), to panel and block buildings, the Kofahajó from 2002, and many other styles, that made an imprint in Budapest. Most of them are two-tone. The modern building style is based around monochrome colors, abundance of glass, 90 degree angles, and neoliberal capitalist building quality. Instead of longevity, money is what was the focus, and brand new apartments are becoming less of a commodity, or home, because their prices have left the wages of the people in the dust. Renting is a hazardous game, because squatting is widespread, or your home's owner can kick you in a moment's notice.
Here in India, we have electricity cables wrapped onto bland looking buildings, which in turn makes them look apocalyptic enough to induce melancholy. I get depressed even by a thought of having to travel to city.
Somehow black and white works well at everything unless its building, it works just Somehow green,pink and purple looks better
Why would you make a sewer look nice? Cities are just car sewers now.
I hate that america is starting to look like chinese ghost cities
Good video, now please make one where u talk about the obsession that some architects have with glass since some buildings are rembuild with it and it looks ugly.
SPOILER: ITS $$$$
We don't build beautiful buildings anymore because people prefer to spend their money on ugly SUVs.
To be fair, the budget of the aesthetic look of a building can be utilized for greenery buildings like community gardens, which has been proven to lower down noise pollution, increase food production, a place to exercise, all which are good for the mind and soul of those who live nearby.
While it is true that many ornamental features of the past were mass produced, there were *way* more small craftspeople per-capita than there are now. In addition to growing populations and car centrism, there are simply less artists/craftspeople with the chops to produce the ornamental features in question. Making these buildings expensive if not impossible to build. Basically, a big first step to get ornamental and pedestrian friendly buildings back is to re-cultivate the small craft and trade scenes.
Marxism is anti-evolutionary thinking and stagnates human creativity and future evolution
If it's a building, and it's American or American inspired, it will look like shit.
Why beg for money dont you hate capitalism?Doesnt the Govt give you a staple income or the collective.
"virtually nobody finds these buildings good looking or interesting"... that's one hell of an assumption there my dude.
They’re getting rid of character. Everything has to look uniform. Which sucks
um.. the words greed, conformity and control should  have come up in there somewhere.   building codes contribute too..  Also those authoritarian  HOA freaks that want everything to match are a big part of the problem.  My kid used to live in an area where the trash cans had to all be the same color, there were two ugly paint color choices for houses, dark beige and light beige. They were not "allowed" park their own car in their own driveway overnight.. it had to be garaged.  If a brown spot happened on the lawn and wasn't fixed fast, they put a lien on the house until the sod was replaced... all of it, not just the spot.
There is a quote from Alexandro Jodorowsky's film "Holy Mountain": "We will sell them on the idea of shelter as a home and we will make millions."
Great editing here.
Athletic Greens was seen in Always Sunny podcast and now this...one more hit and im supporting😂
About Déli train station: Sorry, not beautiful, and no amount of authoritarian tolerance is going to change that :D.
Yeah, I *despise* the "housing as an investment" sham. It's a huge part of why the housing market is a travesty today. You've got people trying to sell their 30+ year old houses with a mild cosmetic facelift for *at least* 10-15% less than new ones and *somehow* people still buy that crap, even though the things that need to be fixed or replaced that will make it cost *more* than a new one.  The pipes and wiring are not going to last forever. You'd think they would, but over time the materials do wear out. That doesn't even get into structural issues, which could include leaks and damage that went unnoticed or were covered up.
They forgot one thing.  America had for a time… immigrant stone carvers from Italy who worked cheaply.
The comments on this video are interesting and I learned quite a bit from the survivorship comment thread.  For me, I find the modern buildings ugly because they don't add to the street life (some do).  Walking down a street with many different sized buildings with balconies and different businesses makes me want to stay and see what's going on.  Walking down a street with 2 or 3 buildings per block, no balconies facing the street, and one or two street level businesses per building, if any, doesn't feel inviting at all.
Why do you speak so fast?
Although I do agree with your points. I do take issue that you compare neoclasicism/baroque etc with modern low-cost building style. Because those art movements where pushed by rich people, and rich people today still build with ornamentation and following expensive styles. Poor people architecture has always been 'ugly'.
We don't get them because we don't deserve them :D
wild groverhaus sighting 6:10
Price is the reason… And that’s cringe
Cheap builders with no vision.
Still found a way to bring it back to cars
I wouldn’t call the Empire State and Eiffel Tower modernist. The Empire State is Art Deco and Eiffel Tower is Gothic with some other things. Art Deco CAN be very simple but it’s ornamental by nature. It’s in the name “art-decorative”.
pero son campeones del mundo papà
Thank you for your video. I heard of someone who was on LSD with two friends walking through an American city and that's when it hit them: ugly parkings, ugly Silverados, everywhere. It's great to see psychedelic premonitions converted into social scientific fact. Nice one
Nowhere did the"lack of quality craftsmen" come up in discussions.
Because They're just going to bomb it ...cost less to rebuild :(
Appreciate the Grover Haus reference, you should do a full video on it, it's an amazing tale. Some of those other interior design stories from the SA Forums were amazing tales as well and worthy of mockery.
Sign of the time. Materialism Lack of inspiration, population control and decadence.
Well, it's obviusly cheaper, but i don't think capitalism  has anything to do, any economic system would eventually find out its cheaper, i mean the only option there for any other system would be to impose rules for buildings to be "beautiful".
It's bc rich people make money off the buildings now that's all they care about. Half of these office type buildings are empty. They don't even lease them anymore they just sit.. empty
Paris is loaded with basically 5 over 1 buildings, but they are prettied up in the Haussmanian style and people flock to see them.
You don't build much when 2x4 studs cost $10 each. Those old buildings were built with lots of cheap labor; we don't work for $2 an hour anymore either.  Any aspect of our "civilization" that you can offer for example reached its peak just after WWII. The super rich still build palaces but then, billionaires don't have to pay taxes here in the good ole USA.
Cars and capitalism, why am I not surprised 🙍
More cat!
I like futuristic stuff like neon lights and glass builds tho. Its definetly inspired by sci fi cyberpunk shit. But the modern house apartment houses are lame
Kitties!
Victorian age /People today are flat!!!
of course it’s cars. It’s always cars.
Sushi
Cheap. People are cheap. That's the main reason. And a suit and tie IS OLD FASHIONED ITSELF, so it undermines your argument somewhat.
People obviously have a lot of money to throw around if we're building structures like these 1:36, which require a lot of structural engineering and advanced construction methods. No excuse for "ornaments are too expensive", which they are NOT.
Element of rubbish in this video.....landlords can pass off poor building quality to tenants and take money from their deposits....utter rubbish?   point 2..you forgot the most important point of all - building regulations simply do not allow building as it was done in the past, owing to efficient heating, insulation, carbon emissions  etc etc....
Aha so predictably, because capitalism.
Knowing people in the construction industry I can tell you exactly why buildings look this ugly nowadays... The two main reasons are minimizing construction costs and maximizing internal volume, all for the sake of quick profits, it doesn't matter if the building will start to crumble in a couple of decades or if building so many of these monstrosities will lower the resell value of the entire block and make the city a worse place to live in, the only thing that matters to them is the profit margins they can squeeze out of the square meters that they have available.
"You wouldn't unironically put on a 17th century outfit to a job interview nowadays"  Watch me unironically work in a biochemistry lab dressed like Marie Curie, relatively faithfully to the late 1800s to early 1900s. Modern PPE, of course, but no one can stop me from wearing an Edwardian dress and boots with period-accurate underwear. I don't work with flammable or corrosive reagents so layers aren't an issue. The day they get me wearing boring modern corporate fashion will be when I'm dead.
I really don't understand why u hate the design of skyscrapers...
Don't forget that many people simply don't care.     Not everyone is an architectural connoisseur -- they just want buildings that do the job and don't cost them a fortune in rent or in markups on the products sold there.     Same reason cars are so ugly now -- because very few people are demanding that they look any way in particular.      For the most part, people are looking at TV and at each other.  Buildings, cars, etc are just tools -- and when was the last time you worried about what a hammer looked like?
As someone who’s renovating a historic villa in Italy, I was shocked at how affordable ornamentation is. Take a window, that classical decorative pediment above it is literally a slab of cement that’s cast on site in a mould. Wash and repeat per window. This is how ornamentation has been done in Italy since Roman times. I GUARANTEE it costs less than that silly modern cladding that the put all over buildings now.
The tastes of the people haven’t changed. Surveys have consistently shown that Art Deco, Beaux Arts, and the like are the people’s favorite kinds of buildings. The people love ornamentation. You know who doesn’t like ornamentation? Architects. Because at the art schools they go to, they teach them to make blobs, even when it doesn’t fit with the surroundings. Like the Kunsthaus in historic city of Graz, Austria.  The people hate the international style (the skyscrapers that are just black rectangles, think the UN building or the old Twin Towers). The people hate brutalism. The people hate postmodernism. But design firms don’t care about what the people want. They absolutely do have money to make pretty buildings. Those blobitechture buildings by celebrity architects cost billions. They could have spent that on an art deco look that costs less.  Also, the Sydney Opera House is expressionist, not modernist. And including the Eiffel Tower and comparing it to a building is disingenuous. It was an accidental landmark. It was intended to be a temporary structure made for the world’s fair, to be torn down after 20 years. But then people decided it was iconic and petitioned to keep it as a landmark. It was never meant to be a functional building like the Sydney Opera House.  Oh, and Falling Waters was designed terribly. Its cantilevers have been falling apart and it costs millions to maintain it. The cork tiles are causing water damage, since it’s built over a waterfall. Form absolutely did not follow function here.
Fun fact: the "commie blocks" In Romania (and basically every building built during communist Romania) are some of the few buildings that are actually well made and don't crumble at a 6 magnitude earthquake xD
Hey Adam, you should know showing your cats made me watch the whole sponsor section. Imho you should use your super cute kittehs more during ad breaks. Also congrats on better sponsors!
Also lots of those classic buildings were built like garbage as well. Part of the reason modernism was so popular, like any fashion, is how shabby looking the previous styles were. All the crappy examples got leveled, and only the best examples were saved. So with only the best specimens remaining from one era or another, it can look to us like everything from that era was built with quality and care, when in fact most would make much of the housing today look top rate.
“Progressivism” is really just another word for taking many steps backwards 😅
Buildings are a reflection of the aspirations of the builders. In the past, people aspired to a romanticized aesthetic. Today we aspire to maximize commercial returns, hence the bland, joyless, soulless blanket of beige we are blessed with.
Because we are fat and lazy.
Labor costs.
It's also important to remember that the "beautiful" brick buildings in places like Boston got roasted when they were first built. A lot of French people apparently hated the Eiffel tower at first as well. It's possible that 50 years from now people will look back and love the style of the 5 over 1 (assuming those buildings are still around).  Good video!
Total twatage....
>Deflect conspiracy points  >refuse to elaborate further >thus confirming being a shill for "them" Giga Chad Moment
Modern building look like shit
s/o le corbusier
culture erosion is why
Dull people dull buildings bad government bad buildings
This man will always find a way to hate cars, and I always agree with him
When Louis Sullivan said "form follows function" he didn't mean form was less important. He meant that the form should help express what the function of the building is. This became important as cities became more compact and had taller buildings. Sometimes a single building might have three functions and so the form of the building needs to express the function of the different sections. Louis Sullivan created intricate unique ornamentations that gave New York, Boston and Chicago a unique character that didn't simply copy the style of old European buildings but gave the cities a great style that makes them popular to visit today. If you Google Louis Sullivan you'll see close up pictures of ornamentation on sky scrapers that you won't find anywhere else. Form follows function definitely doesn't mean form is less important. And big car centric cities can have beautiful buildings.
It's impressive how much internet and influencers (and even some internet architects) are ignorant about modernism. Your video is just very precise. Thx
I totally agree. Lazy architects using standard software. Awful!
Long story short, we should stop making housing a commodity. Housing is a necessity, not a speculative asset!
Another point is that the *first* generation of car-centric architecture was interesting - it was designed to attract motorists' attention. The earliest "ducks" (buildings shaped like the attraction inside) gave way, with Googie architecture as a transition period, to "decorated sheds" - low-cost buildings with an attention-getting roadside sign, which eventually evolved into ever-fewer national and global brand names instantly recognizable by logo or wordmark.
wow this is actually a great video and i could actually imagine this being used by teachers
S P I R I T U A L  D E M O R A L I Z A T I O N  A N D  D E G E N E R A T I O N     Wake up. It is literally happening everywhere around the world.
Trump decreed that new federal buildings would be built in the neo-classical style that people actually like. When Joe Frauden was installed, he revoked that.
This video was missing the "how to fix it" section, where you change it back to trains somehow.
Not surprising since most of Europe adopted and is studying Marxism in universities.
Get ready for the housing market to crash again too
Ez annyira magyar :D
AG1 is the biggest scam ever. Shame on you for taking them as a sponsor
What a depressing and nihilism inducing video.
You're missing one major oversight! People stuck in a traffic jam in the middle of the city centre have plenty of time to enjoy the beautiful facades! /s
The Eiffel Tower is okay.   The Sydney Opera House looks like the discarded parts of a ripped apart crawdad.   They could have at least painted it orange.   Sorry Australia, ug-lee. And as for Falling Water.   Well we hope it will fall in eventually LOL
Why did you sell out, adam?
Even old factories can look nice. No ornaments, just red bricks arranged in pleasing patterns. Why did they bother? Surely back then it would also have been cheaper and quicker to just build plain walls.
The Grover Haus at 6:15 😂
how much does JIDF pay you for your demoralization work?
The fact that so many people ask the question that is the title of this video shows that explaining it away with “changing tastes” is just simply inaccurate. It’s being forced upon society.
so the biggest reason is capitalism... again... like most annoying or bad things in this world  we could legit fix like 50% of the annoyance everyday ppl experience if we just stop being so extremely capitalistic
i myself live in what would theoretically be considered a ugly building, it's a previous workers apartment building from the 70's which reminds of soviet ones, multiple of these in different shapes and sizes, but somehow they're not ugly, they are coloured a pleasant blue to light blue gradient which nicely matches the sky on a sunny day and are surrounded by trees and greenery.  the walkways and streets feel less like built on a planned grid, but more as a fluid touch to break up the blockiness of the surrounding buildings. the thing is, the place i live in sits between some major cities, one of those being cologne which obviously had gone through a "need for housing boom", yet the overcrowded placement, lack of nature, lack of curved streets to break the blockiness and no use of any pleasant paintschemes to begin with makes it a whole different world than what i live in, i can't stand driving through most of the streets which were simply made for quick housing, it's just corridors of white plaster multi-family buildings one after the other, once in a while it makes space for a road, which just leads to the next equally depressing corridor
Everyone: Why don't we build buildings like we used to? They look so nice.  Old Building: My walls are literally made out of feces.
Knew someone in the US who bought a 50 year old house and had a friend who bought a 5 year old house and his friend had the exact same repairs if not more because anything in the US made after 2010 has been mostly crap because they are about making money, not housing someone.
Capitalism
I just want a bit less depressing buildings. I don't care if they are neoclassical or decorated.  And ugly buildings aren't "ugly", they're ugly.
How can you call something that comes in a powder a whole food? Your videos are starting to not make sense, smh.
Why did people build nice looking buildings in the first place?
Finally not ukraine related sh!tvideo Thanks
"receive a FREE 1-year supply of Vitamin D3+K2" Who would want such a nonsense...
Would like to try AG1, but is there no smaller test bottle or anything? $100 is a bit too steep if I don't know if I'll like it 🤔
Okay but where is the train solution
Answer is simple…. It’s cheaper
It’s cheaper.
Interesting but there are also other reasons. One is the heat efficiency. Blocks are better. But In Berlin Charlottenburg they built a historical style house. The price was not much more. About 5-10%. It still was a block house but there was a beautiful front on it. I think its a good compromise.  Looks fine like an old house and has the advantages of a new house. Lower heat cost, more silent, better planned space. Problem of the old buildings are the total different usage 110 years ago.  But Bauhaus is the worst thing ever.
ha!   no, the primary reason is poor taste. the secondary reason is loss of craft knowledge and cheap skilled labor. short-term gain is a motive but does not explain why LONG TERM financial gain is not a controlling motive. again, the answer is "bad taste" -- even if the average builder did have the foresight to recognize that a beautiful victorian will provide everyone involved with more pleasure and wealth over the lifetime of the building, vs a stucco'd box, the builder and the buyers have lowered their aesthetic standards by an order of magnitude since the late 1800s. you can't fix people with broken sense for beauty -- so far gone that they will pay to sleep in a stucco box.   there are many beautiful mid-century homes in the US. consider the case of palm springs. these houses are often models of modern beauty and sophistication with minimal ornamentation. they are efficient to build and easy to retrofit to modern efficiency standards. are there any builders constructing these beautiful designs, time-tested, by the thousands?  no, production builders prefer garbage. and people buy it. because they lack sense. and they suffer in their ugly, joyless "homes".
I agree why build when they want to make this a 3rd world country.
Bauhaus should come back
I have seen a documentary on you tube (i will try and retrieve it, throw a link here) where a woman gave a lecture about research she had done. Apparently cia funneled money to European architect magazines, life style magazines.. to help promote modern architecture in the style of Bauhaus.  It was meant to put up an image towards Russia as part of the cold war. An image of modernism, organization and effectiveness. It was also assumed that modernism would help people organize their minds.  It was truly pushed like hell and many architects never liked it.
The funny thing is, even those plain blocky buildings could look pretty nice if they just added window boxes and some planters on the terraces. It'd make the building a lot more pleasant to live in, too.
What a load of garbage! Who on earth da you think you are trying to kid mr robot? It’s crap and everyone knows it, we had high rise crap before, if everyone wants to put their and their families health at risk, go ahead don’t we ever earn?
Survivorship bias is not the point here - we aren't building ANYTHING that COULD survive to look like these beautifully ornamented stonemasonry edifices, are we? Maybe I'm totally wrong and I'd love examples against this idea as I'm sure they exist and would like to see them. Just my impression tho..
As usual - Good content mired by ridiculous Political Football.
Another thing I've heard from planners and architects is that the five-over-one is so popular because it's usually one of the easiest things to get approved by sometimes draconian municipal zoning boards. It's blandness is also inoffensiveness, and similar designs being approved by prior councils or other nearby councils makes current councils more willing to approve the project.
I don't know to what extent the information is true, but the change that occurred in Europe and the United States was interpreted as a sign of progress and modernity in other countries.  Several very functional and beautiful buildings in Brazilian cities such as Rio de Janeiro, Porto Alegre, Fortaleza, Manaus were imploded and replaced by others that seemed more like "the face of development, of what is done today in the first world" even when there were no reasons more than real estate speculation or an attempt to conform to "more civilized" standards.  Some architects here also turned down neoclassical or art deco as they considered it "too European, a cultural imposition" on an independent country.
Am I the only one who likes how modern things look? The clean and sterile aesthetic just makes me think “futuristic building” and I’m happy.
The reazon is that the old beatiful  building got design that cost more money, only beauty, not usufull for necesities, and the design usually fall, killing people, that`s all folks...!!!!
This might be an unpopular opinion, but I wouldn't exactly call most old buildings beautiful. I mean, they are not the worst, but they are not the best either. My personal preference is something with vibrant colors, and large balconies where you could actually spend some time. Something that looks a bit lighter than the massive stone buildings.  It doesn't take much to make even an ugly commie block aestheticly pleasing (or tolerable). A little bit of paint, tinted glass and perhaps a mural will go a long way, especially in an environment where it is surrounded by minimalistic buildings.
This video is is not correct, the cheap and funciontional and plain building ever existed in postneolitical history.
Adam demonstrates feeling "more alert and clearer in the head" by pointing out his cats on the couch. Nice
Here in Germany, its not even possible to build a house with bricks, only. It would not meet the necessary standards regarding e.g. isolation, safety, environment, etc.. Heating has become very expensive in Germany. Heating a flat of 100m2 in Germany costs about 2.500€ per year, in average. And that is just for the gas.
Laziness..cheap buildings..GREED
I don’t understand this guy’s logic.  Our population increases each year.  And both the historical and modern buildings look beautiful.
Beauty is more of a spirit. It doesn't have to be expensive. For instance, the people of Santorini island in Greece and several villages in Morocco made some of the most aesthetically pleasing residential views by using the power of two colors: Blue and White!
Τhey want people getting used in jail shape buildings...
The video was very well made with very pertinent arguments, though allow me to address a certain scene that I, as a Romanian found problematic.   5:14 Depicts a building from University Square in Bucharest and it is implied that  Victor Orban would opt to build that. I am just baffled and just outraged, unless this is some subtle humor.   Anyways your video is great, but the blood- feud between Romanians and Hungarians is never over. So please refrain from posting such heresy... A Hungarian hypothetically building a Romanian design... Oh, what troubled times we live in!
I’m surprisingly okay with adds with cats in them 🤔
8:48 my brain litterally exploded looking at this satellite image
They'd just get covered with graffiti vandalism now, because we've gotten culturally enriched.
Because we live in a society that hates beauty. Just look at modern art, modern buildings, modern cars, modern fashion, modern everything is cheap and lacks imagination.
Beauty is inherent in a design, not in the fanciness or complexity of the design. The problem is architects!
I hate modern buildings especially in Europe.  The old world charm disappears.
In my state in the USA, every big box store is the same monolithic car centric design... Oh, wait, no - there is one community with aesthetic standards so the big boxes build differently.  The wealthy live in different standards than the middle or lower classes.  As to the ornamentation leading to reduced housing as to why they left it plain, they still only spend money on 7 out of 10 - but the masses didn't deserve ornamentation, that went on statues of fearless leaders to be imposing in public spaces.  Yeah, I'm far too cynical now.  I just wish I didn't live in a car-centric city design nation and in a world where people didn't try to amass all the wealth for just themselves.
3:03 that is too green for my body to process :)
Money
I despise modern architecture.
The irony is that those Soviet Blocks at 4:15 are very easy on the eyes. Nice, crisp lines, symmetry and rhythm is present, windows aren't soulles single panel holes, and the colours are calm. Compare to the 2010s "no window may be in line with windows above and below it" style of architecture, I'd take the soviet blocks any day. There's nothing about modern materials that dictate that the dimensions and ratios can't be pleasing to the eye.
Those ornate buildings were a statement about the affluence of the times. Showing off As with everything in the man-made; its all about money
Decoration of a facade increases building cost by 20 to 30%. In addition, decoration takes courage because it will get criticised. The cheap and easy way out if stale modernism.
Haven't watched the video yet, but I wanna see how he's gonna turn ugly modern houses into trains
Now I want one of those Rezvanis.
well we had a bunch of nice such buildings here ... but then the british bombed them all to ashes in the 40s xD
Hahahahaha
I working in the design and construction industry in Washington DC for 11 years now, i answered this question on Quora too "Is today’s architecture lacking the importance of expression and materiality?". this video hit on most of the same points i had, but i would like to add that government policy driven via depreciation and variance negotiation is also a major cause. You can get favorable tax credit by building the useIess LEED certified building, depreciation tax benefit, and due to the growing density in the cities, if you tear down the building and rebuild a new one in another 20-40 years, you can negotiate with the city for even MORE tax credit, zoning variance to increase sqft and units, and reset the depreciation with a new building. The government's bad policy and tax incentive is instrumental in causing the "Disposable Building" we see today in urban centers.
3:28 if you want to skip the ad
American car culture strikes again !
6:08 That house really is Something Awful.
Especially the 1920s saw a big interest in those new building styles - Germany's Bauhaus-School (not to be confused with the german hardware store nowadays, they are not connected in any way) created entire village projects with this style. The goal was to provide affordable living spaces for working people (just like after WW2). At the same time, the architects tried to be more than just architects, I can't remember the name right now anymore but there was a very interesting text from that time where they talked about what qualities an architect needs to be a good architect, they have to know about biology, philosophy and many more things to create a living space for a human being where this living being can thrive and live a good life. It's such an important step when it comes to affordable living, the way most of flats are designed this way nowadays have these ideas in them - because if you think back to the 1920s, workers sometimes lived with up to 10 people (parents + children + strangers who rented a bed to sleep there) in a one single room.
I love how every episode of Adam something always somehow ends up back at the car problem or the train problem. It feels almost like a parody. Not to say these problems are real or prevalent just funny how they always end up here.
We barely see any monuments built anymore
The video was very well put together, very interesting arguments, I agree the idea it is a left wing conspiracy is laughable  But then how would you defend against accusations that you have a leftwing bias? You say that it's OK for the government to create "commie blocks" and actually they're a good thing, but then big bad capitalism is to blame for the issue?
Got it left progressive right creedy. You use the Same Argumentation as right wing
Not this "modernism bad!' take, ugh!
It's simple, population growth which results to higher demand and promotes the idea of quantity over quality.
Adam Something: rails against smooth brained dictators' wasteful spending on city planning and building. Also Adam Something: Holds up the *_Syndey Opera House_* as a shining example. "The government's decision to build Utzon's design is often overshadowed by circumstances that followed, including cost and scheduling overruns as well as the architect's ultimate resignation. (...) Utzon's plywood corridor designs, and his acoustic and seating designs for the interior of both major halls, were scrapped completely. His design for the Concert Hall was rejected as it only seated 2000, which was considered insufficient.[35] Utzon employed the acoustic consultant Lothar Cremer, and his designs for the major halls were later modelled and found to be very good. The subsequent Todd, Hall and Littlemore versions of both major halls have some problems with acoustics, particularly for the performing musicians. The orchestra pit in the Joan Sutherland Theatre is cramped and dangerous to musicians' hearing.[50] The Concert Hall has a very high roof, leading to a lack of early reflections onstage—perspex rings (the "acoustic clouds") hanging over the stage were added shortly before opening in an (unsuccessful) attempt to address this problem. (...) *the project was completed **_ten years late_** and **_1,357% over budget_** in real terms.."*
you have 1 million subs get a better fucking mic
I wish modern architects understood that when they design a elevator shaft or stairwell to measure a couple inches short of full block work it creates a tremendous amount of waste that has to be hauled to a landfill. The extra time and cost of cutting all these blocks is going to be added into the bid of any mason contractor needlessly raising the cost of the project. Idk is there is a minimum size they can be according to building codes so they just go with that but it’s seriously about the stupidest thing I’ve ever seen.
And this is why democracy sucks.
Adam Something: rails against smooth brained dictators whenever they try to build something beautiful and unique. Also Adam Something:  *_Why We Don't Build "Beautiful" Buildings Anymore???!!1_*
I like how somehow Adam always manages to smuggle cats into his videos.
10:16 YESSSSS!
Because Slartibartfast retired
Didnt know about the conspiricy regarding housing. Adam, watch out for that rabbit hole please
4:03 I thought it was lost at first
Ooh, a new Adam Something video! I wonder what cars ruined this time
The very fast talk ist VERY straining!!!
Buildings used to be built to last forever. Modern buildings are slapped together as cheaply as possible with the intent to be torn down and rebuilt.
Not convinced by this one.  Lots of exaggeration.  I’ve been to many car centric places in the US with pretty good attention to architecture.  Handsome architecture does make the location better and creates value.  Also, we need to learn how to make modern energy efficient homes beautiful.  The current standards of insulation I see here in Belgium, which I embrace, nevertheless limit façade ornements and other embellishments.  Especially rough on the eyes are renovations where they add exterior insulation and cladding.  A beautiful old wall is replaced by a sterile cladding which will not esthetically age well.  Finally I surmise that there is a lack of imagination.  When I compare buildings that look great to similar (in size, age…) but ugly ones, I often remark that the difference in cost is likely minimal.
Even these bland buildings are so damn expensive aint nobody got money for culture
Truth is when Europeans went out on world conquests, they gathered enormous amounts of wealth thats reflected in that peroid architecture. Especially Britain.
4:00 EXACTLY. A evil plan target the White race🤍
I'm so happy my city of San Jose scraped those parking requirement rules.
I like some of the buildings with the newer modernist minimalist aesthetic, but it's very hit or miss. And right now, there's a bit of an overabundance of the less attractive misses.
This was very informative and depressing
Bass Pro is a bastion of architectural beauty in the moser era.
why are you throwing strawman argument after another, i get you're a democrat and don't like republicans but for someone who doesn't like them you're awfully obsessed about them  i consider myself more right leaning and i still follow your channel because i agree with a lot of your opinions, there is a way for you to civilly disagree with your opposition without sounding like a redditor and use strawman arguments to back your points
I've been to Prague last fall. That station really is kind of a shame. It is really beautiful, but as a pedestrian, you won't notice. The entrance for pedestrians is concrete hall. It is actually really accessible, but you won't see the historical station.  Concerning modern shopping malls: there is this 'Mall of the Netherlands' near The Hague, which actually looks good from the inside and outside, it was renovated in recent years. Its name is quite pretentious though 😅
so true...
To flip it around, would you pay an extra ~25% to buy your home so that it looks more unique? Some people certainly will, but for most people they'd rather spend that money on location, size, (perceived) quality, etc. This goes for apartments and office towers too. In short, for most use cases, the increased cost outweighs the increase in utility (yes beauty has utility).  A bigger question for me is why did people spend so much extra on this in the past? I guess since every building was custom built, it wasn't as large a difference in cost.
Both beautiful cats but that tortie baby ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Legacy housing: built to last forever Modern housing: built as cheap as possible and conform to local code
In my hometown there are beautiful buildings which are getting destroyed because of greed. It is so sad.
It's interesting. You and I clearly disagree a lot ideologically, but I will definitely stand behind you on opposing parking minimums.
What I should have said on the car video, is that I’d rather have RVs with legs instead of wheels as a option in a livrable city, rather than have it so that everyone has to use a car, or everyone has to not use a damn train.
It could be due to the rise of the proletariat?
Your sponsor's drink looks really 'fresh'!
The buildings that are supposed to be "ugly" in this video still look good to me 🤷
Because ✡️ Jews hate beautiful 🤍 Europe culture 👨‍👩‍👧‍👦👼🏼👸🏼👱🏻
How expensive is paint? Paint is an easy want to decorate a building without having to add much more to the structure.  People just gotta give a shit.
There is an intelegentsia part. Numerous architects have talked about how when they proposed vaguely traditional or ornemented projects, they were laughed at, ridiculed or derided. All the factors he lists are legitimate but the architectural cultural factor is present. You can make beautiful, characterful buildings if you chose a vernacular style with minimal ornement. Just nobody while take it seriously or you'll be slandered as a traditionalist or classicist. The written and built work of Christopher Alexander attests that there are alternatives. Not just big ugly box building or ungodly expensive classical buildings. There is viable and beautiful third option.
Amsterdam central has the same problem as Warshaw, but they've done a lot to fix it these last couple of years. So there's still hope.
We live in a profit-driven society. Much like the European monarchs who accumulated debt to take over the world... Real estate developers do the same to build these multi-family apartment complexes. Check out the video I made on declining culture.
Great video! Did you and Trevor Something get along as kids growing up?
> When the Soviets build cheap and efficient concrete apartments: "it's ugly and depressing!" > When the USA and Europe build low quality 5x1 wood apartments: "It is what it is and makes a profit for developers"
"the US is more affected than Europe" *laughs in dutch*
great vid
Jesus Christ is King 👑
Denver Colorado revived its main train hall a few years ago, but unlike Prague, they tore up a bunch of road and parking lot surface and turned it into pedestrian-friendly space. The city even paid for most of the project directly with sales of the land parcels on site. As far as I know, that was a modernization project done right!
Good vid.
AG1 looks like one of those "hazardous chemicals" in video games. Y'know, the pools of green goop that you have to jump over in a platformer, when it's not lava or waste water.
Our obsession with bricks in Denmark continues to show in our awful new architecture style. It is bricks in a colour that is as depressive as our weather (grey or brown), but only in one layer. When you walk past them, you can see, that they were plastered on like the concrete blocks in the Soviet Union.    I find most modern buildings we build very ugly, but I definitely don't think that buildings that are build well, or don't look out of place is bad. We have many buildings (especially public institutions like libraries and concert halls) from the past 10 years that are some of my favourite buildings.
man the first 8 minutes of this video went hard
If you don’t agree that we should stop America from spreading its herpies called capitalism to the world you’re clearly not smart enough to do anything and you need mommy’s help to do everything. Get mad snowflakes so it will make this video more popular 😂
Saudi Arabia, Abu Dhabi, Qatar and Dubai still build beautiful buildings. You only have a problem in your country.
I love the points you raise in this!
I think its a matter of taste. I actually really like the minimalist look and I'm not some self hating communist that rejects individuality.
Everything new is ugly. Quite sad. New cars look like tubes of lipstick. Art is replaced by soulless CGI. Just last summer my town knocked down a bunch of beautiful old buildings and replaced them with fast food chains and buildings that look like jailhouses and tombstones.
I unironically like the "glass cubes" of the office area. There is plenty of individual styles to be seen if one isn't entering the scene with a hyalophobic attitude...
This video's cover photo actually shows, on the left, the building that was the album cover photo for Led Zeppelin's iconic Physical Graffiti LP.  What an amazing album.  What a sad architectural sign of the times to see what that beautiful facade was changed into.  Kinda like the music itself these days.  Sad.  Sad.  Sad...
9:28 why the fuck do u need a tank on wheels
10:11 I've been there. It's not.  The picture you choose to show is old. Probably right after construction. Today the station is just a lot of rund down concrete.
Actually it's a lot more simple than that. It's cheaper. That's it. Greed.
Beautiful building are no longer being built, because there is no longer any "Craftsmen".  That talent and pride is gone.  There's only tradesmen.
I just want buildings that are safe and cheap, design and aesthetic is secondary.
"Cars don't appreciate architectural beauty"... *YET.*
Terrific video, as usual.
I live in Dortmund Germany and Dortmund was a very very beatiful City before the war. But during WW2 almost everything was destroyed or had to be destroyed. Dortmund is so bland now. This is true for almost every City in the Ruhr Gebiet. They Just build some boring bland buildings. The Citys are boring AF now. Wouldnt leave my City thou still Love it
Every so often, YouTube recommendations offers an out-of-your-box suggestion that is actually worth viewing. 👏👏👏👏👏
3:50 way to make yourself look like a fool and your video useless
The issue is people have lowered their standards. That's basically it.
Whats sad is that the examples for ugly buildings in the video still look better than 90 % of the new construction here in Vienna.
Aside from their mall locations, Apple often builds beautiful buildings, even restoring historical ones.
Architecture is art and art is a reflection of the soul. "Brutalism" is the reflection of a soulless being.
Amazing video like always
Why bother when in Europe they will just bomb buildings to dust.
" Because the bottom line "🤑🤑🤑🤑 more money in their pockets 😏
It is cheaper, that is all that counts.
2:26 😢
Can you prove that Modernism ever reflected the tastes of the public?
As a cyclist who has heard about the Rezvani monstrosity, I am genuinely afraid that some driver will pepper spray me just because I exist.
Why Orban put the Romanian flag on all his new buildings ? Did he get citizenship?
Mvst retvrn...
In a round about way, Adam has described the "Project Ecoonomy."  My project manageemnt class in college was the worst class I've ever taken.  The entire emphasis was on planinng everything down the the slightest detail, determining the crticial path....then throwing it all out the window to be the first to unleash your leathal gadget-bahn and no so full self driving products upon the public and vaccuum in the most money, to be channeled into the next nightmare project that's meant to sell, not perform.  The deliverable: East Palestine, Ohio.
Because what we make is a reflection of ourselves. Beautiful, peaceful people built beautiful things in the past, invented peaceful things in the past. Now people are ugly, violent, meaningless. So.
pet da keety
You can thank the modernists/brutalists.  Uggh.
Hey, I love your videos and I have some small constructive critisism to give.  I get what you are going for with the framerate on this video. That sort of infographic aesthetic. But you are not doing it correctly. If you look at videos by Vox and all those kinds of channels, they usually have the same slower framerate, wich gives them an interesting look, and they look good because they edit them acording to that framerate. They animate them in a way that the movements have some anticipation (look up "anticipation" on the 12 principles of animation) at the right "rythm" so that it lines up with the frame changes (they probably do this stuff by hand) and for some elements they use motion blur (just the right ammount, you have to use different values for different fps)  You seem to be using transitions and animations that are NOT designed to be used at such low framerates and then just lowering the fps afterwards. This doesn't work.  They also sometimes CHANGE the fps for certain sections or straight up avoid certain movements because those just don't look good. For example, zooming in or panning in full screen (like in the beginning of this video) looks TERRIBLE at low framerates, it looks choppy and disorienting. I personally thought something was wrong with my computer at first.  Getting stuff like this right is complicated and requires a bit of extra work. I'd recommend just sticking to a more traditional framerate to avoid overcomplicating things, that's the simplest solution.  If you did not intend for this video to look like this or it looks like this due to some sort of technical limitation. Please ignore this comment.
"Nice, that you brought it back to cars, but you failed to make a connection with trains this time, lol!" ... "...Ah"
the athletic greens sponsor segment starts at approximately 2:25 and ends at approximately 3:25, this means the ad lasts one minute making this 10 minute (the ideal length for YT ad revenue) video 10% ad  i mean sure i love money as much as any capitalist but damn bruh.
@adam please do a video debunking the 15min city conspiracy.   Most people I've heard talking about why 15 min cities are bad their only argument is we don't do like having traffic jams taken away from us.
You almost fooled me. I knew youd have to sneak in some anti car preaching at some point!
Thank you for your maeasured, nuanced segment!!!!!
I knew it was the cars.
Ive actually asked myself this question many times. Lets hear it.
Each of the three examples of modernism are different types of modernism as each were built in vastly different time periods. So even they have different styles. I will say I think modern architects are sometimes way overpayed for their work but at the same time that they are also super limited in what they are able and allowed to use material wise.
We do build beautiful building but constitution comes at a cost.   If a flat facing building is cheaper then that's what is done.   One thing I hate is the Ikea form of architecture where all cities have the same suspension bridge the Same cigar style building.   It's like sim city where planers get the build a landmark perk
I blame apple and designers for “simplistic” designs.  Definitely going backwards.
They cheaper. Bigger and cheaper and that all whats matter for investors and customers too.  If no one would buy those buildings , no one would build them .
Who tf do you have to piss off to buy a car with built in pepper spray?
We don't build beautiful houses anymore, because people like it more to make money on Youtube, than dying before there 60's and with a lot of back-pain🤣  Man, Adam! You can have a construction job tomorrow, where you build actual houses. If you like to work twice as long, for half the money, you can even build pretty houses... nah just kidding. You will work 18 hours for 300 euro😉
The price of labourers that can do the job correctly is to expensive
The notion that modern architecture is a leftist plot to destroy the human spirit is partly true. leCorbusier designed the Monastery of Sainte-Marie de la Tourette specifically with that aim. He explained it himself- by making the place deliberately oppressive and deeply unpleasant, the monks would have no choice but to focus all their efforts on prayer, and if they didn't, then the very building would drive them mad. LeCorbusier, a self confessed communist, is the major influence on modernist architecture. So it's kind of true, combined with the fact that 99% of architects are talentless technicians, not artists.
I feel like your content would fit perfectly in on Nebula
0:57 - Those two roman/greek columns - I grew up RIGHT NEXT to them :P It's in Lithuania. Love those buildings!
INCLUDE THE CAT
nagyon jó!
It’s all done on cost-benefit analysis, the ROI.
Eh. Yeah. I get that the new buildings are better. And I'll probably just have to get used to it.
tell me more about ag1
Craftsmanship is dead.
Overpopulation and rampant unchecked capitalism, basically.
Being from Europe, I actually think the 5-over-1 building pictures look pretty nice. I don't think I have seen many of them on my US trips though, so my opinion on them might change
I was worried we weren’t going to insult car-centric city planning here. Thanks Adam!
So, what you're saying is that it's a pro-car conspiracy.
Visit Paradeplatz in Zurich!
The irony of Rightoids protesting "Soulless Leftist Architecture" whilst simultaneously keeping the structures of Neoliberal Capitalism and Car Dependency that drives the construction of such boring buildings is almost painful
I actually find the old buildings quite ugly and the modern, minimalist ones much better looking. Same with furniture. If something is not modern, I see it as out of date. If buildings seriously depress you, then you really have some serious issues that should not be left unattended.
Put more effort in making extensive decoration on the center of the city. And the suburbs and other zones get some small decoration or just painting.
Was this Adam in a coma or something last week that he didn't notice all those cheaply built, working class commie blocks pancaking and killing everyone inside during those earthquakes in Turkey?  I suppose if he did notice, he would be forced to admit there is a valid reason for people wanting live in detached, wooden framed, one story houses or why commie blocks would be impractically expensive in some place like California with a functioning government to enforce building codes.
I completely agree, Sometimes I have the urge to build what is in my eyes beautiful. But I have doubts about its purpose. What randomly triggered this is that I am a heavy racing fan but a lot of the times I don't like going fast, I just like the idea of seeing everything I possibly can during that time allotted in my mind. Basically I saw the track Grand Valley on GT 7 and had the urge to build it myself so I could race on it for no reason. In my eyes it was everything I had wanted.  I was extremely high btw.
I actually like a lot of the "5 Over 1" buildings. I've been trying to understand what makes one successful while another is not. Unsurprisingly, I think it comes down to proportions. Some of these will be beloved in 50 years.
Thank you for making this. I remember watching a video sometime ago by a relatively popular channel that completely shunned all modernist architecture, stating that it was "objectively ugly," hinting at a greater conspiracy.  With the (subjectively) beautiful works of Paul Rudolph and Minoru Yamasaki springing to mind, I was so frustrated by their point of view (and their use of objective instead of subjective) that I tried searching for the perfect video to reply to their sentiment and give them reason to understand why things are the way they are. This is what they should see.
You can blame the Planners or the Architects but it is neither of these. To produce a modern concrete block on the scale needed costs pennies. To produce a synthetic replica concrete block would cost at least 50 times more. A natural stone block would be 100s of times more. A concrete block layer would lay maybe 400 blocks on a really good day. Real stone he would maybe lay 50 on a good day. Few people could afford to buy a house/flat and this is only one element I have given a sample of. The bottom line is we get what we can afford to pay for not always what we would like to have.
We live in a cheap society…
Too expensive. Simple.
Thats because we are slaves now and so slaves are treated like criminals so the homes need to look like jails
I'm a stonemason (yknow, the people who make all the pretty ornaments you see on historic buildings) and let me tell you, nobody is willing to pay the labor required for even one of those pieces of ornamentation. Hand carving a neoclassical or historistic console takes anywhere between 8 and 20 hours a pop, depending on level of detail. And machinig isn't any cheaper either. Stone machinign robots exist, but I know only one company in the entirety of germany that owns one, and it cost 5million Euros. And you still need someone who can feed data to that robot.
These so called new "ugly" buildings, are far more beautiful than any block apartment you can find in major cities in EU Greece. Everything is a matter of perspective
Yo, ppl put money in Adams patron so he doesnt have to do the bloody promotions. We dont get a choice on if we live in capitalism, but we can make it a bit less obnoxious for comrades who do good content, cos lets face it, food and rent needs to happen for youtubers too.
I knew it was somehow going to end up in "trains are the answer"
I have a Sony PVM just like the one you use as a graphic in your videos. Sureal.
Tl;dw: because cars. -.-
There is another thing that you haven't mentioned, particularly with regard to ornament. Back in 1900, materials were expensive and labour was cheap, so making the most out of materials was the name of the game. In the late 20th Century and into the 21st Century, the cost of materials became comparatively cheaper, and labour became much more expensive.
The neoliberal ecnono-box style was kinda nice in the 90s, but now it's everywhere and seen as cheap, so it's time for a new style to sweep through.
I think those buildings are beautiful. The new ones are different, not ugly. And I'm sure the look will change again in time.
..... I miss Gothic Architecture.
On taste, you'll probably find a lot of these new apartments decorated the same inside as they look outside. You just have to look at interior design youtube videos to see the same trend.
Because we suck.
It is not just the visual aspect that has changed. Houses here in Germany are now built out of concrete and styrofoam with brick tiles glued on top. Window frames are made out of plastic and houses are isolated in a way that they need forced venting to make sure that they don’t get mouldy. Simply adding ornaments would not fix the problem itself…
I've seen a lot of modern clothes that closely IMITATE old styles, like an echo or facsimile in shape and design without the complexity, while keeping it in this era. I fully believe the same can be done with architecture someday. ❤
How much ornamentation can you buy with the funds for a 3,000 car parking lot that no one needed? Sounds like it would be a really nice looking place
"We don't mass produce classical ornaments."  We used to.  Developers would select them from pattern books and stick them on.  Often you can see the change from one speculative builder on a plot of land to another on the next by the subtle differences in their choice of ornamentation.
That's because all the common peoples money is going to Zelensky's pockets, CRT, gender studies and other woke ideologies. Although Billionaires from Hollywoke, Big tech companies and unelected career politicians have enough money to build themselves nice things. To further the agenda for the NWO.
Alright, I've watched your stuff before and I get you're trying to connect everything as one thing that it all relates to car or capitalism.  But in this case I'm going to say you're wrong.  If you want to know the most 'beautiful' that is the most ornate time. Is art nouveau very few architecture remains of it. It was a short-lived between the 1880s popular by 1890s til 1910s. Then WW1 happened, art nouveau is really expensive only the rich could afford the kind of craftsman it takes.  This is oftenly confused with Art Deco, which very different.  Most people recognize art nouveau by old advertisement, most commonly text type.   While you are right this it's mostly comes down to cost, it's also trying to build for the common person, another words social conformity is a huge part of modern-day architecture.   Also not all modern is colorless granted it has to appeal to your after WWII but art Deco is very boxy but can be very colorful look at Mami, Florida or some parts of California. And of course you forget about Memphis which would fit into your post war 2. Memphis (post modernism) has a very childlike look to it while colorful it is building block looking ( *post modern correction) It was also very common in the 1980s malls aesthetics. That's style was like everywhere in the early 1990s and mid 1980s.  As a child personally didn't love it, however it works for certain things.  But times are changing cost of things are decreasing, it is becoming more feasible that different architectural designs are more possible and affordable. You have 3D printed this and that. And you'll probably see a lot more curvy buildings to come. I highly doubt you'll see as much word ornate detail however because it's just not popular aesthetically right now maybe more residential area than commercial, or state.  Also about Frank Lloyd Wright was modern but included the emphasis of nature, particularly light.  But again I don't understand anything about why you have to include cars into. Just doesn't actually make sense with the narrative.  The modernism but you're talking about was happening long before cars were ever-popular to main stream society. *by the way I just want to edit here, I just don't want to come a**y  I think modernism isn't correlated with capitalism even you pointed soviet union modernism. Another thing mention is that made a few errors in my original comment and want to correct  so its little more factual.
It's due to the takeover of modernism in architecture. Building beautiful doesn't have to be expensive but since practically all architectural schools are strongly ideologically opposed to anything pre-modern, there simply isn't any educarion like that anymore.
It was funny. We were looking for a place to celebrate our wedding next year and there was a beautyfull location we visited. An old estate in a rural village around the corner. When the owner showed us the rooms he showed us the old colums of the former pig stable and said that in the past the people build everything beautyful. We marry in old stables and farm buildings, but noone can see his kids get married in a todays pig stable. :D
guys, i think this guy may like urban planning
Nah ... chill - that neo-classical applique is like so done. (And in New York, it falls off the building which is why every block has a semi=permanent sidewalk shed.) 8:32 I love that shot. 🤠
tartaria
Another smaller issue: Historic preservation. Many countries have systems that give special buildings protections, so that the owners aren't allowed to just tear them down. This is usually seen as bad by the owners, since it limits what they can do with the building. Beautiful and special buildings usually get this status after a certain time, while crappy copy-paste concrete boxes usually don't. So why build pretty if it's just a downside?
Modern buildings are boring, ugly and reflects how society is willing to accept less from the builders.  They should be banned.
FIAT architecture. It’s a combination of trying to create cost savings and minimizing waste. None of our buildings will last longer than 100 years and if they do they’ll be condemned and need to be torn down.
It's called modernism architecture, it's a conscious effort by a group of sick people to tear down tradition, religion, racial identity and even gender.  Why?  "To build back better", of course in order to do this they first need to depopulate the world which they're busy currently doing with chemicals, diseases and war.
You know the world is ending when you see Adam Something advertising Soylent Green.
Because our society dont believe in virtue and beauty anymore. Its all money based.
I agree with some points but disagree on the larger scope. In terms of design there has been a move toward minimalism ( influenced clearly by ikea style mass produced goods, hand made goods are easy to add decoration but for industrial products build by robots adding decoration is difficult). But more importantly i think is actually technology, I work in construction mainly on single family homes where owners could literally do everything they desire but the most sraight forward design is simple and undecorated. Combine that with the need for more thermally efficient housing, think insulation and box style to minimize external surface area and you end up with modern buildings. nice quality decoration is really expensive since it often requires artizans that border on artists. Main thing is cost and taste. Something bland that doesn't offend nobody is a more secure bet than something interesting that might have people dislike it
Because Of REASONS! 🤣❤️
Although it's not a conspiracy to keep people down, it does work that way. Who has to live in these soul-sucking hellholes?  Not the rich.
I could understand someone saying that commie blocks are ugly, but why would someone say that those five over ones are aesthetically bad? They look better than the house my parents built.
Train stations in Budapest would look nice if they'd not be dirty and stink of piss and shit all the time.
3 out of 4 ... not bad ... I don't by the car centric argument at all. Car are actively discriminated against here, you are forced to park in some remote hidden away concrete block ... the street is designed for tram and walking  and still the houses look ugly and boring. OTH I have seen modern very nice blocks of flats in some places here where access by car is reasonable. So yeah, car centeric explains nothing. It seems that it is the number one culprit and scape goat for Adam than block critical thinking. I don't necessarily want to cars everywhere, but it not the reason for everything that wrong in society, cities or the cause of climate change.
1. Cost. 2. New Architect aren't trained the old ways. 3. Parts no longer available. 4. Not always practical/realistic.  That's why they called 'em cookie cutters!
Meh... In a 100 years our children will be crying for modern architecture and the old ways🤷🏾‍♀️
Good breakdown of the problem. I'd like to add some items:  - Besides material cost is labor cost, both in construction and design. A lot of older construction methods are unionized and therefore more expensive, such as masons. Architects are more efficient than ever thanks to modern software, but all this really means is project timelines have gotten shorter.  - Lot sizes. It is harder to make a building look nice when it takes up an entire city block. Not impossible, but harder. This is also a symptom of neoliberal capitalism and zoning/parking issues.  - Last, my weirdly specific pet peeve: Window muntins are out of style. We need more muntins! They provide nice contrast in density of detail and help make a building facade not feel so sterile.
I hate modernism  but unfortunately it’s based 😔
while its no a catchy conspiracy the explanation still sounds too simple - you might just say "people are stupid and greedy"
I make a 3d model of Prague as I love (some) Prague's architecture and I have my own POV . On Charles square, you get a building like beautiful neo-clasicist 4story house on the corner of Zitna nad Charles Square, which needed custom textures, took a month to make and has some 100 000 polygons, and then you have Charles square No 314-317, which are all funcionalist boxey residention buildings with shops in the ground floor, they took two days to make (make a wall with one ledge on the bottom, one at the top, and copy one correctly sized and shaped window on it couple dozen times) and all together, some 120 meters of the street, are some 40 000 polys. And I would prefer to make that extra intricate building again any day.
I fucking love this guy. I also like his cat.  WE NEED MORE OF THE CAT
neo globalists wanting to erase actual culture and history? thats just my take.
I hate cars so much it's unreal😀
People really be out there saying "the free market solves everything" when, once again, it does the opposite.
Waist of time listening to you You are clueless
At least keeping buildings < 5 floors with enough spacing between each other leave enough landscape real estate to not fall in deep depression. Good video BTW.
I would argue those modern apartment buildings you hate so much are just commie tenements updated for the modern environment, whether that be to use new materials or to increase speculative output. The two are identical in use just different in looks.
Your tangent about far right conspiracy theories was irrelevant to the rest of the video. No one has even heard of this specific example. You really must have had to hunt for it.
You can build modern style while still looking nice and sleek.
"ugliness"  of commieblocks are compensated by absurd amount of trees and grenary around them. In some parts of my soviet commieblock district i feel  myself like in a forest. And it is 5 min walk away from subway and all shops i need.
And too few artisans left after WW1 to do the carving
I do think the most important reason is that companies wanna lower costs over anything else. Capitalism is short-sighted.
athletic green is scam
I'd watch even more train related videos of yours :) no excuses needed.
you are beast
Personally I think that instead of making all that fancy ornamentation they should just slap a mural on there. That way they're spending maybe a couple Grand extra and an artist is getting paid.
YOU really dont need a 10minute video. i can answer this ..cost and cheap ass society. boom .done
No, that Deli station is ugly AF too.
First of all you can't get the Craftsman that know how to do it second of all it's so expensive with all the regulations and the and the codes you have to keep and thirdly you got people that just won't work like they used to that's why it's so different it's not the same. To expensive
e
Well, as you have included Hungarian Prime Minister we can add another reason: The government adjust the market to mainly allow its circle to engage in house building.  That way they can build cheap and sell it as expensive as possible. If they can not, the government helps them out financially.
i assume the TLDR is PRICE!
I'm happy because my neighborhood is experiencing a construction boom but I find the buildings beautiful and the city is trying to actively reduce car-centric infrastructure
0:59 nice touch using the "Free form jazz" song from Spongebob.
..for now you know better.
Well... these are the reasons why we stopped building pre-modernist tenement houses in the 50ties, but do all these reasons still apply today? 1. Tastes change - yes, but most of us agree these modern buildings are ugly, so.. whose tastes are we following? I haven't seen apt blocks newer than from '70ties that take inspiration from modernism or even brutalism or anything at all. They're in no style, the King is naked. 2. Housing crisis - sure, that's how it started but we can't blame WWII forever. Commie blocks were designed as temporary, built cheap and sold (relatively) cheap, sometimes even given away. Our modern housing crisis is one of getting ourselves locked in a lifetime of debt to acquire apartments below those commie block standards (space per person, space between buildings, distance to important locations or transit). 3. Houses became commodities - but weren't they for most of modern history? Sure, the "pretty old architecture" that survived wasn't build for renting out rooms (mostly). But I think what matters is that we HAD the pretty architecture as well as the cheap ugly buildings that fell apart. I wonder how many beautiful residential buildings of the middle and high class will our generation leave to posteriority? 4. Parking lots - that applies mostly to North America, but I think an argument of 'we'll build it ugly because there's an ugly parking lot across the street" is a ridiculous excuse anyway, once you realise an open parking lot without a building on top is a) even less permanent than modern buildings, and b) a waste of city space.  I guess what I'm trying to say is, explaining how something came to be is not enough (for me at least) to justify why it remained this way for another 50 years. What I take away from this vid is a sad conclusion: developers cut corners because they can, and they can because everybody does it, and housing is a basic necessity so consumers can't refuse to buy. I hope we'll get out of these dark ages of housing architecture someday during my lifetime...
I work in animation. If I unironicaly showed up to a job interview in renaissance gear, I don’t think it would hinder my chances of getting a job. Especially if my portfolio or showreel was for what they are looking for
I love how all the reasons we dont build ''Beautiful'' buildings coincidentally end up fitting exactly your opinion on the world. capitalism and cars are to blame xD you are literally the same as the right wingers blaming the elites that ''want to crush their spirits'', well okay maybe not that bad, but its still a biased take only taking points into account you want to take into account.   i mean you have a very fair point about capitalism, building cheap because of profit margins is logical. But you ignore that art deco or ornaments could be easily be made dirt cheap with todays technical advancements, the reason its usually more expensive is that its not mass produced because buildings are not build that way anymore. which makes the argument a null argument.  like you said tastes changed, but modernism played a huge factor in that taste change. and its role in academia (architecture) cant be ignored as well.
not gonna lie, modern clothes - kinda cringe. would rather wear gigachad renesans clothes
While I can understand the housing system plan, the whole soviet /construction planning left only problems in the long rung, especially the sewer systems, its fine if you have slave labor but with on-site and people to manage it, by now its another problem after problem, factoring in the fact that earthquakes are more frequent,
Almost disappointed Adam didn't improve modern architecture until it became a train
Honestly thought it'd just boil down to greedy cost cutting but the urban planning/car centric cities is honestly an very compelling argument.  Perhaps rather than buildings, investing in small parks, statues, etc should be the norm to beautify a neighbourhood seeing as it just isn't feasible with current mindsets to make buildings attractive.
7:26 a McDonald's pharmacy? What? 🤣
Have you ever been to the US?
On a separate topic, have I actually seen @Adam at the Lord of the Rings concert earlier this month?
Better question; why don’t people keep eye contact anymore?
اللهم صل وسلم على نبينا محمد وعلى آله وصحبه أجمعين
I live in a traditional timber framed house going back nearly 500 years, about 300 years ago they slapped on some lime mortar render and stuck in some early Georgian windows. Nice clean lines all up to date.
DÉLI PÁLYAUDVAR MENTIONED
Idk why but I always envisioned Adam as someone who resembles Thomas the tank engine
I live in South Africa and one of the most popular areas is Sandton City, where a lot of new buildings (for businesses) are often built-  I remember hating every inch of the place when I saw it for the first time- growing up in areas with older much more traditionally painted and designed places and people thought I was crazy
i demand a 10 minute cat video
Cost
I like how the thumbnail shows what looks like a HDB for the new houses
taste change is the only symptom that isnt just a symptom of capitalism. necessity, commodification and car supremacy are all just capitalism with extra steps. or in this case, wheels
Cost.
You are repeating the same idea that ornaments have high cost again and again. Well this is just not true. It was, perhaps, true in the past, where people had to spend days making them but now stuff is made by robots. It is not too difficult to make a shape in a 3D editor and feed it to a machine to cut  whatever shapes you want from whatever material you want. You are right however in saying that a house without ornamentation is a bit cheaper to build so the logic of the developers is that they should cut on this "unnecessary" expense. Whether the looks of the building are influencing the price of it or not is debatable, however. I believe some organisations in London refused to move to Canary Wharf out of City because Canary Wharf is ugly while uglification of City is not yet complete.
Adam big greatings from Serbia, love your videos!
While waiting for this video to begin, watching the 2 forced ads now on YouTube, I will answer the question posed in the description...profit margin.  The reason that anything now sucks is profit margin, and one thing that the Coof reinforced to the big corps and business, is that people have to buy your products regardless, so... 'f*ck 'em', sell lower quantities for the same price, shave off hours, lay off customer service employees, don't answer phone calls...bf the Coof was released, companies fought for customers, that's how we ended up with 24 hr grocery stores, department stores, and drug stores...now they all close at 10 or 11.
Honestly… I kinda like the way five over ones loop. But I think they are pretty plain looking. Classic architecture is obviously way more beautiful
As always, this can be solved by trains
I feel like in the UK most new houses are also ugly because the entire neighbourhoods are just built cheaply by a developer. Capitalism doesn't really work if the end customer isn't given many options.  If instead you had a plot with some basic utilities coming to it and could choose a company to provide the house with a design you like, which could be made of mass produced elements of course, the areas could be so much more interesting, maybe, I'd hope.
In the UK, developers can put up these hutches because they can buy the land. The land is the expensive thing. And the more houses you can cram in, however tiny and shoddy each home, you can make an enormous profit, because it’s a seller’s market. It’s a bubble kept inflated for four decades by government parties who want to show “economic growth” when there is none, and who are funded by the major developers to make policies that reduce the legal building standards.
Two other factors: DESPITE us getting massively more efficient in building things, we refuse to build beautiful things. So our willingness must be WAAAY down. Also, one excuse became the (wrong) fact that "beauty lies in the eyes of the beholder". So the builder of the ugly building can always say "YOU don't find it beautiful, but that doesn't mean it isn't beautiful to someone"
I know we can cure cancer why don't we have earthquake proof buildings
I have never agreed so hard with you before 🤝
Why neoliberal “capitalism”? What relation has any country in the modern world has to capitalism? If you properly follow the term created by Marx you will find out that the current world lives in so-called “mixed” economy. The USSR tried to make full socialism, West has also made socialism, but they were planning mostly money, not the other stuff. The exact reason why normal commodity(houses) became a stock.
When form really does follow function it tends to produce rather beautiful than ugly.
I was thinking about this just yesterday, when hoping that Ukraine will rebuild cities as their ancestors did, to look beautiful.  I mean, not copy, but make beautiful modern buildings.
Every bad thing in modern society ties back to car-centric infrastructure.
And the change in taste also pushes the limits of ornamentation. What is strikingly different between a house built today and a century ago? Windows. windows were much smaller, wall sections were much more prominent. Today we want more natural light in the building which requires much larger portions to be windows, reducing the space where any ornamentation can be placed even. You can't just put up huge panel of glass and then nail a few greek columns to it :) Not to mention that if people DO that... it turns out to be quite incompatible with each other and people will not even like it (with the exception who moves in and decorates it with gold carpet... right DTrump? :) ) Modern building also needs to be more practical - Remember those houses(buildings) where the distance between the floor and ceiling is so much that you need to rent the space shuttle to replace the lightbulb? Its a nightmare of space waste, nightmare of heating and so on. So that also reduces the space between the floors you could use to decorate the outside.  But even modern stuff can look good, and does not need to be confined to look dull / boring / repetitive - and even if they are a bit repetitive... well... you don't run the risk of people not wanting to move into one because one of the designs were not so successful. If they are roughly the same it is guaranteed that all blocks will be sold :)   I agree with your assessment, my point is that there are more layers here to consider.  On the other hand, now i would like to try to go to a job interview with a 17th century outfit... it would be an interesting experience (even if i won't get the job :D )
We don't build jack shit anymore
as an architect this pretty much sums up all discussions i have with people, who are not architects. everyone hates modernism until you tell them about it's social impact and how people in the 19th century had to live vs. the luxury we now have
Its not even cheapness at this s point just inertia in the corporate hierarchy. I spend my days trying to tell big developers mostly cheep things to do to avoid significant fines and mostly usually being ignored *but* when they finally do listen I then can't get them to stop doing those things even if they are expensive and no longer needed.
love your vids bro
Something unremarked but interesting (and complimentary to the arguments made) here is that there's a basic labour skills and availability factor at play. I'm from the UK and big city CBDs were usually built in the late 1800s, during similar time periods, and have a lot of red brick buildings with tonnes of ornamentation, Georgian terraces etc, but were built at a time where construction was still very labour intensive and where mass Fordist mass production hadn't taken off yet. So one factor in why they're ornamented is that a big population of skilled laborers existed who could just DO ornamentation just as part of their skillset - like how tech companies are trying to get everyone to code so they can suppress coder wages, ornamentation was fairly cheap cause loads of laborers could do it. That's not the case anymore, after a century of automation and mass production. The labour available just doesn't have the skillset.
also i want to ad BAUHAUS Movement influence aka Walter Gropius, Mies van der Rohe, etc . People back then around 1910- 1920 wants something that represent cleanliness. Also internationalism which means no matter where that building stands, it (supposedly) will look ok.
Adam never missed 🔥🔥
Locking the cat out of the kitchen! You monster! 😂
Awesome content as always!
I live in St. Petersburg (Russia) partly because the architecture in the center is gorgeous. It makes a city known as incredibly depressing, actually quite liveable. After I had studied here for 6 months, I went to study in Berlin expecting it to be even more gorgeous. I literally made a comment to my friend like "why are the buildings so boring? It's like they just said 'build an apartment building as fast as you can, put some paint on it, yup, great.'" And my friend was like ".... Because the whole city was bombed and that's exactly what happened??" I felt so stupid I had forgotten 😅😅😅 but yeah, that aspect does make a lot of sense.
He is spot on in the last phraces of the production. Though sheer necessity doesn't necessarily have to avoid or even destroy excisting estetics and harmony.  Further, actual taste in architecture has vanished already a long time since, as change isn't measured no more. What was a generation, only a couple of generation's ago, is now down to round about less than three minutes. What is being build now and e-v-e-r-y-w-h-e-r-e, is not keeping up with time because it doesn't really matter. Why?  Architects supported by marked fundamentalistic capitalism, has turned housing into a commodity and this has destroyed housing and living cities completly, in particularly in a full-scaled car-centric urban planning, as in everywhere.
@5:40 tbh I dont find those that bad tbh. I mean you can do seriously alot worse! The pink one in the right lower corner is even acceptable I would say. But once again just blame capitalism as one of the reasons.... When dumb stuff is being highlighted on this channel the reasons are allways: 'capitalism, billionaire, dictator or a combination of those.' Would be nice for a change if this channel would show why ROBIN HOOD politics dont work AT ALL. But that would require understanding of economics wich is something socialists dont have.
There must always be references to rail. ❤
I swear this has to be ~{The Worst Timeline possible in a Modern "Advanced" Country. Seriously, are they trying to win the award for Worst Quality of Life's rating for a Developed nation?}~ To really highlight just how far off course into a sad reality we've gotten into, go look up "Retro Futurism" (It's about, what people of past decades used to imagine the future would be like? They would base a lot off of things that were currently being focused on and developed around their time and imagine how it would be a bit down the road. IT'S FUNNY BECAUSE THEY ALL THOUGHT WE WOULD BE LIVING DECENT LIFE'S FILLED WITH SUPPORT AND JOY. From all the advancements & advantages that our progression would bring us. INSTEAD Corporation's, and very effective powerful structures were instilled into our society that very much disagrees and won't allow our society to improve, progress, advance UNLESS it makes them money and if people don't have money then well you might as well Not exist.. because in this Current Timeline~ The only thing that matters is not the quality of Life for our nation and it's people. It's how much power, money, and control the corporate/Elite members of the super wealthy can have over the remaining 98% of the rest of us and who cares if the 98% of the rest is suffering and barely able to get by. At least the stock market is doing well for big Corporations 👍🏻)
It’s not that modernist style buildings can’t be good, it’s that it’s literally almost Always done shit🤷‍♂️. Where as a building with even the most basic ornament design will still look nicer.
Another point: I don't think the problem is the lack of decorations (you have to pay attention, the "Las Vegas effect" is behind the corner) but the lack of details. Details in shapes, colors, contrasts, materials. I don't know in other parts but here in Italy (I see this a lot in my city) there is an obsession with these ugly white shoeboxes with glasses balconies. Man they are fkn ugly.
the answer is jews
the only thing worse than ornate building slender and disrespecting cats is right wing pseudo-historians victimizing themselves over modern art and architecture
I'm sorry, but Keleti is superior.
Thanks for the video :)
Okay, this does explain a lot, But why are all newly built single family homes in the suburbs also bland, unimaginative rectangular boxes with a saddle roof? you don't have any if these problems in the suburbs. Being an architect must be depressing these days...
Every commie building and art is ugly and soulles, not just the blocks.  Why did you put Orban in there? A lot of old building got renewed thanks to him and his party and a lot of people and family were able to build their own house.  You must be a Westy, eh? You guys just cannot help yourselves with your ignorance...  It's a shame, really, because otherwise this video could have been interesting.
Dystopian future
The only relevant answer is the pursuit of efficiency.
obviously it is because of degeneracy trying to emasculate the alpha males. (if you haven't heard this one before, bless your heart)
The answer's gonna be cars, isn't it...
I don't really think these are the *main* reasons, I'm pretty sure it's largely due to the increased cost of construction labour. Back when workers had basically no rights they were so cheap that the extra cost of hiring a big team and having them spend time making a high-quality building in a fancy style was relatively low compared to the material cost. Nowadays, workers' rights mean they have to be paid fairly and things like their safety must be taken into account - this significantly shifts the cost of their labour relative to the cost of the materials (especially considering that modern building materials are dirt cheap compared to what was used historically) and has made people prioritise construction efficiency over quality.
I seldom click on affiliate links, but when I do it is something.
That drink looks f******g vile.
Interesting that the original emergence of "function over form" was due to a desire to house everyone, but that it's hung around for precisely the opposite reason (to keep the property market ponzi scheme going)
You totally forgot functionalism.
yes, i say progressivism destroyed creativity. they are trying to destroy the human soul too..
We should bring back baroque fashion for job interviews.
Art Deco and Art Noveau are the last beautiful styles I think
You know, I hate to break it to you, but the correlation seems a bit... Weak. I think your presentation kind of spontaneously claims cars are the world's evil and the name of humanity, which make you sound... Unsolicited. You can't convince people that way.
how to build more "Beautiful" Buildings again? Adam : Trains
Communism obviously (not!)
5:52 house is always commodity or consumer products (thing to be consumed) the problem is now people use house as securities (thing to keep value or even increase value)
3 cats? or there are more?
I live in a beautiful 120 year old house.  We don’t have a bathroom, only a small shower in the sleeping room and a tiny toilet. It also is very cold during winter because it is not really well insulated and the rooms are nearly four meters high. The floors are all uneven and there is no right angle anywhere.  Not always the most practical thing…still I prefer it to one of these new ugly shoe boxes…
"Housing became not a place to live, but a Commodity to be bought and sold." This hurts so much.
0:09 Öö lol I actually like those types of buildings 😍👀 Also, when I was there, I thought Dubai had a lot of interesting skyscraper designs 👀 (although the walkability was not it 😅)
like for beating orbán
I knew it was cars! It's always cars! :)
is there a market for cheap (copied as in stolen an 3d printed) ornaments on buildings to upcycle the ugly houses? That should be a public interest (as Money owners are not eager to spend thier own on aestetic questions).
2:24 cat 3:13 more cat
Build cheaper make more.
Honestly it's really just fashion. Ornametns could be easily mass produced nowadays if theres is high enough demand be it facades or interiors. The modern style will simply eventually wear off and there will be another revival of more "classical" forms.
I have heard that modernism has become the only exeptable style in the architect comunity, anything else built now is ridiculed, to the point that classical architects aren't allowed into events and apparently architecture schools don't even teach the use of ornamentation, its this kind of bias that needs to be dealt with. While modern buildings have their supporters, i think everyone would appreciate if there was more of a flexible use of styles, to make our built landscape more interesting and unique
I do love me a good scurry.
We don't have beautiful buildings anymore because people are shortsighted and don't really have any pride in what they create. They don't think of the future or future generations, or how a lot of work initially can yield benefit for many people over many years.   Personally I think that some of the glass paned modern skyscraper buildings are quite elegant and minimalist, so "good" doesn't always have to mean complex.   I find that older buildings have a warmth about them that affects peoples happiness, calmness, joy etc.
0:24 the bottom picture, being the subject of this quick little confession. Areas where you can get photos like that are actually really cool, usually some form of plaza in-between the standard concrete skyscrapers. These areas somehow manage to make you feel both outside and inside. I know it's a weird thing to say but those who been in locations like that can probably agree that there is just something that makes them so cool.
in japan this is less of an issue. Commieblocks do exists but a lot of apartment buildings have some beauty to them and arent just minimalist
nooooo let the kitty back in!
I have basically always lived in a commie block, and while they looked like actual depressing shit prior to the 2000's my city started to renovate the outside of them away from grey to instead colorful facades that give the eyes something to look at. And I have to say it worked. They're still a bit boring looking but they're now closer to colorful big blocks pieces than just a featureless beton cubes. For the areas where a lot of them are in close proximity to each other they've also usually color coded them so you can just tell people what color to look for when you're expecting visitors that might still be allergic to just using google maps.
Beauty is subjective. I like the organised clean symmetry of the new neighborhoods. I like how they've been designed well taking lessons learnt from thousands of years of city planning to create affordable, walk able mixed use neighborhoods that are clean, organised and look in my mind at least, pretty good. Far better than the bare concrete urban hellscapes that historically you have praised on this very channel.    They could build ornate terrace houses like you see in Islington or Belgravia in Grays and Peckham. But the people that can afford to live in those beautiful homes don't live in grays and peckham. The planning team in Grays and Peckham want affordable housing, mostly social housing, that is simple, clean and aesthetically pleasing. The result is a simple box design, normally with a glazed brick, or metal powder coated cladding  of between 4 to 12 stories.   The idea that good/interesting design is shut down by stingy developers who want to save a few buck is bollocks and doesnt stand up to market theory. Spend more on the design, and the property increases in value, the more expensive the property is, the larger the profits for the developer. Why do you think these developments all have indoor swimming pools, private gyms and private landscaped gardens and rooftop members lounges for the residents?   In luxury developments the unambitious box with floor to ceiling windows, brick cladding and grey powder coated steel balconies is chosen because that's the trends of modernist architecture. Thats what people who are looking for a modern apartment in a new development want to see. It makes sense, the box provides lots of internal space, the floor to ceiling windows create lots of internal light and the balconies provide ample exterior space for each resident.   I'm not sure what you want to see?  A neo gothic apartment building with gargoyles and parapets? What an eyesore! A Georgian terrace such as the aforementioned Belgravia? For all those oligarchs fleeing Russia no doubt! Maybe an arts and crafts style suburb, oh no but you hate suburbs don't you? Hmm, maybe you just want the big brutalist commie blocks you declared to be the pinnacle of urban planning, so tall they dominate the surrounding area and deny light to anyone within half a mile, with bare concrete walls that invite graffiti, intensify noise and get stained within hours of being complete by even the lightest amount of pollution. Big towers rising into the sky, and to hell with anyone who's mobility impaired or has additional needs. Lets all follow the lead of some dickhead who knows fuck all about anything and just rages against everything that doesn't fit into his communist utopia where cars are banned and we all have to take the train from our commie block to our alloted place of work and back again. No one needs to go anywhere else because recreation and enjoyment is banned. Why do you need to visit grandma when she died of mesothelioma from working in the asbestos mine. All together comrades.
Yeah, the most influential negative factor is capitalism. Even back in the Soviet Union those "commie blocks" (which were called "khruschevkas") were built as temporary shelter and were supposed to be replaced with the luxurious "stalinist empire" style buildings after 25 years. Unfortunately, the post-Stalin era was the time of capitalist restoration that's why the whole USSR ended up building permanent "commie blocks" and never reverted to the normal buildings despite technical and scientific progress.
Groverhaus hahahahahahaha
idk why i saw that "my husband is 35 years older than me" car video, but i just thoughed bring that thing to *a* german city for testing
White hands built White lands.  The architecture has degraded as a sign of demographics-change.
Take a look at Japanese cities (or some American cities, for that matter) and you'll get a taste of modern cities, screens everywhere! Some may find it depressing but many find it beautiful.
Adam, sometimes your hatred to cars seems a bit excessive. Modern European cities are not built car-centric, actually it can be quite expensive to own a car in some of them - parking and emission taxes are not cheap. Can't talk about USA here, I guess it is still car-centric. And as you mentioned it, a lot of modern apartments are built with underground parkings (which unfortunately is not enough because used cars are not that expensive and typically there's more than 1 car in a family).  The valid point is that beautiful facades are often hidden by other buildings/stuff and occasionally by parkings. Cars are not always a root of all evil.
commie blocks are 100% better than the sh*t social housing that was built in places like the UK
Costs, and trends. But, seriously, this can also be applied to Lebanon. Sure, you can't fit a lot of tenets or shop owners in a tiny, cultural building, but at least make your tall, modern buildings pay homage to the classic architectures.
Honestly, tastes changing over time is the biggest and perhaps only important cause of this in the US. People actively want modern and simplistic-looking buildings, especially the 5-over-1 type shown in the video, which has come to be associated with denser, more walkable, and more transit-oriented development. Trying to build anything that looks like it's from the 20th century would result in people complaining about it being "too antiquated", which I kind of agree with. I guess this might have something to do with the fact that the US doesn't have that many "beautiful" historical buildings compared to Europe, so people aren't used to seeing them and just want something better than the crumbling old buildings seen in many US cities.
Your whole commiblock argument ist brain dead. West Germany e.g. achieved the "Wirtschaftswunder" nearly completly without them. Commiblocks were chosen because they were the cheapest option, so the commrads could fill their own pockets more efficiently.  Perfect example for communism.
I love how almost every issue can somehow be connected to cars and car dependency. Every issue in our society is connected to cars, it all leads back to the car.
LOL, you did Kitty wrong
Q: "Why We Don't Build "Beautiful" Buildings Anymore"? A: "Modern buildings are beautiful, and anyone who says otherwise is a racist white supremacist who watches Southpark" Most reasonable communist.
As an Architect, I should let you know that eiffel tower is a Modernist structure, but the empire state building is Art Deco and the Sydney opera house is post-modernist.  But sadly much of what you say is true...
Related to the first part of the video, in Romania and I bet in the rest of the communist countries, there was a large migration of people coming from the countryside to the city. All in need of housing. Of course this migration was encouraged to say the least as Romanian leaders did a forced industrialization. Did I mention that due to collectivism enforced by the rulers, peasants were becoming more constraint. So in a way, most had to move.
Okay i might be crazy but I love the 5 over 1… I think they look really pretty.
Important, many five-over-ones ARE affordable housing or a mix of social and market rate housing. They are also much better than the one family homes that would probably be built instead. Aesthetic hatred for them makes many leftists unknowingly support middle-class NIMBYs or even the "EMBRACE TRADITION" reactionaries.
The root of all evil: car dependence
I'm sure that somebody mentioned it already, but the ratio of material cost to the cost of labor has shifted massively over the 20th century. Labor is now much more expensive than it used to be and materials were more costly. If you can afford the material, the cost of making it look beautiful disappears in comparison. 18/19th centuries hit the sweet spot for this when materials began to be not prohibitively costly for general use, but labor was still cheap enough so as not to comprise a significant part of the overall costs.
It should be possible soon to 3D print and laser cut ornaments.
Your ad sucks. Why man. Great video though 👍
I think you missed an important point: the shift from localized communities to globalized companies.  100 years ago the person that built something most likely lived in that city or close by.  So he had a high motivation to build something aethetically pleasing, it was "his"  city after all. But today with transnational corporations, they don't care about any local place in particular, it is just "anonymous business"
The is so much over building in S.E. Asia. Even new buildings are often less than 50% occupancy, but they continue to build. How is this possible?
A reason for the glass office buildings is also security, it is good for security that the building doesn't really say what it is for.
All my homies HATE cars
I disagree with almost everything in this video. Modernism absolutely was pushed by people trying to destroy individual cities and culture ("international style  Brutalism etc) and was part of the "urban renewal" that absolutely destroyed cities across the world but especially in North America and Europe (Towers in a park, Le Corbuiser, etc) where previously you could wake up in a city and instantly know exactly where you were and what kind of people lived there and their culture, history, religion, etc. Now large stretches of cities on different continents are indistinguishable from each other, their identity and diversity obliterated and it was all quite literally by design, that's no conspiracy theory.  Another main point that is completely incorrect is about ornamentation, I personally love ornamentation on buildings but the vast majority of traditional and historic buildings actually have very little ornamentation, outside of churches and cathedrals most buildings of some of the most iconic buildings have very little ornamentation, look at federalist/georgian styles especially the commercial and residential buildings or go to Rome, Florence, Sienna, etc mostt beautiful renaissance residential and commercial buildings did not have overly ornate facades yet these are absolutely gorgeous traditional buildings.  Also, putting Art Deco and Art Nouveau in with "modernist style buildings" is right, these are both highly decorative styles (it's in the name- Deco=Decorative=ornamentation) they are usually highly respected and loved by lovers of traditional architecture, they were also very rich and diverse in their regional styles and not soulless culture less modernist international styles but were adopted to local culture like baroque and Gothic were in their days. Additionally the most important aspect of the ugliness of modern architecture was completely glossed over, it's terrible massing, complete lack of style, grace, elegance, proportion, etc... you can't make a builfing with little or no ornamentation. Even old warehouses look elegant compared to today's building which are either ridiculous blobs or jagged wrecks or inversely sterile cubes. Just like modern art they lack any actual artistic sensibility... just trash.
It's also a cultural thing, society is groomed to be content with less and people buy the shitty neo-capitalistic properties anyway. Those developers would not have profit if there would be no demand.
imo the new buildings look much better than the old ones 😂
I live in Germany and I FVCKING HATE those buildings. They are everywhere fvcking up my vibe. We should demolish all of them and making it illegal building such ugly ass hell holes.  I never understood why housing is so extremely expensive and still houses are so ugly.
We appreciate if you speak slower  :-)  Please. It is very fast sometimes.
Only a matter of time, till we start living in tipis and yurts again.
Adam still added the dirty capitolist money hungry sponsorship, a real Socailist wouldn’t do that (Jk lol)
True, but also kind of a "rose tinted" view of the past. Like then, there still are areas now where aesthetics are as important as functionality. Usually in nice pedestrian centered areas with historical or natural value. But most places built in the past weren't built to be... beautiful either. Just like now, they built functional buildings with the most cost effective materials they had available. The ones that survive until today are the more expensive "nice" buildings. The majority were god awful, unreliable and would be illegal to even have inhabitants in today. No one was going to spend money on retrofitting old "normal" buildings, they tore them down. Sure, they weren't as uniform but that doesn't make them inherently good. Where as now, those "cheap, low quality," buildings we put up would survive 3x as long if properly cared for.
Another reason to hate this corporate hellscape the world is becoming. Though I feel like you sort of left out a point. I feel like there was also a status factor involved in building beautiful houses back in the day.
22.02.2023 - 01.01 pm
This was really helpful, thanks a lot!
true
I beg of you, what was the jazz song that started playing at 1:00?
Yes, the examples you show in the video are horrible, but I would strongly disagree with the sweeping generalization that „we don‘t build beautifully anymore“. There are tons of fantastic and inspiring buildings being built every day. The often heard „Everything modern is ugly“ is an extremely stupid take in my opinion.   Yes, you do come around to that with the example of the train station at the end, but I think the video would have benefitted from a slightly more balanced approach, you could still have made your points (which are all totally valid).
3:43 Who can say it ain't beautiful? Sharp, inviting, lines.
Well made Old buildings don't look as good as well made tasteful new buildings in my opinion.
Oh god, Groverhaus...  Really, though, we could at least build with decent masses and visual balance... y'know, like good minimalist architecture. it doesn't take a ton of ornament to look good, like you said
I was born in Kolkata and we have those old marker buildings too! Beautiful architecture but badly managed bc the govt isn’t so good and resources are strained.  Hope my people can overcome the problems One day
So here's a thought experiment that comes up for me whenever the conversation turns to ornamentation on buildings. There *used* to be manufacturers who would churn out standardized ornamental pieces for buildings just like you described, so presumably if we return to pedestrian-focused, ornamented urban designs, there would be a need for something like that in the future. But what if we wanted ornamentation that *wasn't* neo-classical? Like, sure: the basic elements of ornamental designs -- columns, frames around windows, decorative stuff segmenting the vertical space, elements around the roof, etc. -- would still be there, but what if they weren't based on greco-roman designs?  For example, columns: we still use basically three types of column design -- Doric, Ionian, Corinthian (or some mix of them) -- for our neoclassical columns. What if the tops of columns weren't either a scroll or a leaf shape? What would be a design that reflected more future-looking æsthetics? Or also: what sort of decorative elements could you make if you were using CNC and 3D printing to design them, that couldn't be made with molds or by hand? What kind of decorations would be possible?  I'd very much like to see the return of the basic principles of classical architecture, but I'd also like to see a more modern take on the decorative elements that make it so interesting. Something that could retain all the detail and variety and irregularity of classical buildings, without feeling like being overwhelmed by the past.
the true villian is cars got it
Yes the worst are cars and parking minimalist buildings are ok if surrounded by trees and grass
nice
Ok I just have beef with super exposed balconies. It’s just bad fengshui and doesn’t allow any privacy or protection from the elements. No one ever sits on an exposed balcony and hell hath no fury like a body corporate that can see your clothes-horse to dry you laundry.  Also windows that are a bit recessed with a ledge look nicer - probably also for some unquantifiable feng shui reason   Also like the proportions of windows isn’t usually pleasing. But mostly the buildings lack variety. Like it’s not like each building is uniquely designed with a fun outdoor corridor here and a multi level bit there and yolo let’s put the staircase there. Like you want some variety in your urban fabric and a whole lot more trees and creepers and greenery
Not all are ugly just cheap buildings
There are so many things wrong in this article. Every new building is a speculation object? Public and many private buildings look bland. How about a more realistic explanation: like after the devastating damage to the European building substance the resources to invest in beautiful buildings kept growing but the planning cost and bureaucracy kept growing? I have numerous examples for private and public projects in Germany where the whole price consisted at least 30% planning cost. I imagine back in pre-war countries this was considerably lower.  I also imagine people had more money to invest in higher building material quality and a budget for decorations and art since tax rates were also considerably lower. The german middle class is being milked by the government so it's no surprise they have to cut corners even in their own homes.
I'm surprised that you mentioned costs of building old styled buildings at the begging of the video and then suddenly forgot about it at the end 😱  Maybe the main reason is that kind of buildings are not economically viable because they are incredible expensive and non-functionnal.
Architects don't have a taste anymore, they are brainwashly taught that cube buildings are the shit.
Let's be honest here, bottom 2 of the 4 things mentioned are 80 % of the '' stimulation '' for the modern house design
That's depressing :( Sounds like we'll never have nice buildings again. Everything beautiful, dreamy or fanciful gets crushed by constraints. Let me be bitter about it.
Greco-Roman / Idealistic Mathematical naked human is beautiful  Rénaissance / Realistic Beauty in science based human  Post-Modern  / Sky-Netistix Reject Humanity become No-Soul Robot
Poor cat :(
Recently I have noticed that all urban planning YouTube channels to be super negative of everything car related. Suddenly the car is being termed as the root of all evils when it comes to modern city design. But, I believe we have to acknowledge the fact that the car has been one of the most important inventions in human history, and has a well earned place in our lives and modern city living. And I don’t agree with the video creator that these modern apartment building all look bland and boring. At least to my eye, they don’t look half bad. Sure, they don’t look as touristy as a European village, but I think they have their own charm. A more balanced commentary is needed when it comes to car centric cities/neighbourhoods. Sure you can blame local zoning laws in the US for not being able to build anything other than single family suburban neighbourhoods when it comes to new age housing, but that does not explain that this suburban model is being copied in a lot of their places in the world. Clearly, people want to live in such houses, and that has to be acknowledged as such. Suburban living is not all bad.
Leftist alex jones literally selling supplements now :(( bby i love ur content if possible pls dont sell supplements
however.. I do love modernism .. and for brutalism... i love even more.. its  not cos i am trying to be contrary i really do love its stark honesty
Cute conspiracy theory. Except there is but one main reason why. Building "beautiful" buildings costs more, and thus increases the price of housing in them. If you're a working class person, you don't care how pretty the apartment block is, you care if you can afford it. But lefties think about financially struggling people only if they're black.
We do, it’s all in Republic Florida.
Just to make sure I got the neoliberal capitalism part correct. Right now we build the lowest quality for the initial sell to maximize profit. Does that imply that in the past this wasn't the case? I am having some difficulty imagining how that would work out if the building owner isn't an occupant.
L/R audio is out of sync, was this on purpose? Anyway, love ur content 🥰
I hate Déli, otherwise great video. :D
Tl;dr Capitalism
Wait  Is that fucking Groverhaus?
Profit and affordability are like tigers, stalking you from the depths of the jungle. However, there are architectural projects which are aesthetically pleasing. Modern architecture also has to balance cost with energy efficiency, which affects design.
I knew it. It’s all cars fault xD😂
Adam doesn't just have sex, he rails girls
Our buildings are a product of our values, or more specifically the values of the people paying for them. Today’s big developer only cares about dollars, so the end product will make that abundantly clear. Back a hundred years ago in the US, when small local developers dominated the market, you had more input of ideas about what is an overall good addition to the neighborhood. This was partly because a wider variety of smaller buildings has a better chance to get things right than one big one all at once, and partly because the modernist concept of questioning everything and favoring new ideas over good ideas had not taken over accounting, construction, or design.    It’s too bad that the squeezed economic system of extreme manufactured scarcity and misguided zoning regulations means that only the biggest and most cut-throat developers can get anything built.
Also you Missed another fact .. Ornamental designs are maintainance hell.. Get dirty, rainwater seeps in and if get broken it looked bad.
3:50 huh… I had always imagined you were a professor in their mid-50s with a Van Dyke beard.
Same is now with cars... You'll mostly see black white or sliver grey color cars... Resale value, insurance premium and volatile economy has made them boring and minimalistic too.
Can we appreciate the editing for this video? It's so good!
Architect here.  I love this series, but I was pretty skeptical before I watched this one.  Adam is going to be able to explain this?  Pretty darn good explanation!  Kudos!
I grew up in North America. When I went to Amsterdam, when I arrived at the main train station I lost my mind. I thought I was in a Bourne movie?
One of my most hated phrases used by real estate agents and brokers is 'curb appeal', basically the brief, visual impression of a building witnessed by a passenger in a moving automobile
Ornaments can be massproduced. That's how all the neo-styles during the 19th century came up. You could order stucco pieces from a catalogue and glue them on your fassade.  This lead to over decorated buildings, lacking inspiration. They were increasingly seen by people  as ugly. Those modern buildings back then were seen as freeing your mind from overstimulation as oasis' of piece and calm within the shrill and aggressive historism of the time.  It is entirely normal to reject the dominant style and replace it with something new. People in the 19th century hated Rokoko buildings. They also demolished medieval buildings that they deemed primitive.
lemme atleast spray paint it smh!
I think it's more than just cost cutting. The notion that form must necessarily follow function strictly is a self-imposed straight jacket. Not everything needs to be some sort of maximalist Rocco nonsense, but even if it's relatively minimal, buildings should be as beautiful as the budget and function allow for.
Great Adam is now drinking Soylent Green, what next those soylent red chips at 50% off? ;).
If you build a low quality, ugly "modern" building and it's torn down after 40 years, that's more expensive and more wasteful of resources than building something beautiful and qualitative once for the next 150-200 years and modernising regularly. Just saying.
You need to lay off the cool-aid. Obsessed with blaming things on right wing politics, capitalism and cars.
Survivorship bias.
$$$$$$$$$
fuck you i like brutalist cubes, they're nice and uniform and monotone with accents very enjoyable
World fairs…. Late 1800’s, early 1900’s 😞🇺🇸
Crumbling inadept Beauty succumbs to efficient, safe and durable design that serves its purpose.
It’s called destroying America and eventually the world….
Arquitetura muito  bonito parabéns viu , alimentos saudáveis eu também faço isso todas manhã
Marx clearly stated that communism doesn't aim to take away personal possessions, but instead only aims to prevent anyone from ENSLAVING other people's LABOR with their ownership status.  Most anti-communist idi*ts don't even know what communism is. They only know propaganda for dumb people.
I still think they could put a LITTLE more effort into it.
This seems true, but it's still dissatisfying and depressing.
It probably has to do with the cost and lack of artisans/tradesmen with the ability to produce ornate beautiful facades and building exteriors.   Kind of like how there was an ad 1 minute into the video.
The cold sterile buildings look a lot like the Commie Blocks you're usually excited about.  Also, waiting on a video about trains contrasting the inherent risks involved when maintenance schedules aren't followed or proper to begin with. Such as the East Palestine, OH derailment.   That was a commercial freight train hauling hazmat. Imagine if it were an Amtrack passenger train. Although that train would have been smaller scale with less cars.
Lots more $ was being made then. And you rightfully show a pic of homeboy pointing to his empty skull and there you have it.....
this new wave socialist architecture is obviously the leftists way of pushing the -non aryan- woke agenda 😤
I think it is biased because of looking at the issue from a conspiracy-refutation. It feels cheap and a little weirdly condescending to focus so much on conspiracy-land. Maybe you could try to see it more objectively and you will see that the problem lies in cultural information and psychological evidence to why we should build pleasing-to-the-public buildings, including for example the reason we all like symmetry, variety within regularity, organic shapes, relatable scales, openness to cultural expression versus sterility of form, and other principles. All this can be given priority if they were treated as medical necessities, let’s say, if the developers knew just a basic idea of this. And you treat is if any new building has to be Rococo, while having just a modicum of decor is necessary (plenty of examples lie for example in just the placement of a curly ornament in a vertical element steel fence).
not to mention that the more stripped of (subjective taste) ornament something is, the easier it is to resell to someone else who could potentially have different artistic tastes
In Vancouver we are building nicer buildings lately as it is recognized that people in their cars do not whizz anymore by but instead sit in traffic for hours and all those thousands of people would like some nice buildings to look at. 🤨
All those buildings looks perfectly fine to me. But I do find even brutalist buildings more inspiring than gaudy 17th-18th century ornamental ones. The interplay of light and angles across naked concrete is way more visually interesting to me than some 'fleur de lis' covered 17th century hand-me-down founded by people who got shorted by guillotines.
I hate that ads have even invaded your videos, that being said I'm glad someone is paying you and I support your decision to accept these inoffensive sponsors, wish I was in a position to support you on patron but I'm broke, I really appreciate your videos man
Money!
Too expensive.
You’re right architectural taste have changed, that’s why people no longer visit places like Paris or Venice… And instead visit new hip architectural places like downtown Austin😎
ok this is entirely besides the point but i do like the square monotone look honestly-  My tastes are pretty modernist, brutalism is good and Cheap Gypsumboard Box at least can pass as Brutalism-Lite.  Maybe being raised in Suburbia has just starved me of any architectural taste though, I'm easily enthralled whenever I go to an even slightly-dense city.
I think in france new construction are mandated to have a certain percentage of their cost dedicated to ornamentation. (went to check) well yes and no. the rule is called "the 1% for art" which mandates 1% of the cost of buildings to be spend on ornamentation by living artists with the goal of being integrated in the public space. but it only applies to public constructions, so likely not appartment complexes.  that said, even though i appreciate classical architecture, i wouldn't call those 5 over 1 things ugly. it's maybe a big generic nowadays, but it is generally not eyesores.
Because true craftsmanship is all but extinct.  Everything is prefab now.
I just want a 3D cement printer (4:36)
Everything is motivated by money
Cuz it costs money. Why don't women serve their husbands and children anymore?
They should really give a chance to the young generation to design buildings using inspo from RoBlox. That'll keep things trendy.
Wow, the guy I subscribe to,  Ed's Auto Reviews, sounds just like you, and has the same timing, sense of humor, and style, and his real job is some sort of urban planner.   Coincidence?   Instead of talking about why they don't make good looking buildings anymore, he talks about why they don't make good looking cars anymore, and it seems to be for about the same reasons.
I may be alone on this but I kinda like the look of 5 over 1 housing.  Compared to the completely flat, blocky look of previous apartment buildings, the 5 over 1 design is more visually complex, allowing for a diversity of colors and textures. This is not to say that it's better than what we had a hundred years ago, but it seems better than all but the best designs that came out of the 60s and 70s. And as you've pointed out in other buildings, we really don't need skyscrapers.  A 5 or 6-story building is a good level of density for all but the densest cities.
I love how many views these types of vids are getting lately
There is also a design philosophy now that building for the inhabitants of the building is more important than those viewing the building from the outside. Those neo-classical designs look cool, but the ornamental columns reduce the size of the windows, which is bad for the building's inhabitants, so you get buildings entirely encased in glass. They're also heavy, all that stonework adds weight to the building, which means more support must be added. This can lead to more interior columns which block views, interfere with office layouts, and reduce the amount of useable floor space.
Now make videos on 1. Why we need low cost housing 2. 15 mins neighborhoods
Well, at least we still have good ol Brutalism!
This is why Europe is so gorgeous
I think it's mostly about time, cost, and maximizing profit.
Stones don't grow on trees...
WE ARE DEVOLVING BY DESIGN.
Mr something can i dictate a rule? could you not use overdone generic youtuber sfx? but if you have to could you go all the way to 21st century humor? its either 0 or 100, no inbetween.
Dystopian futures don't have time to express anything besides the function of something. It's about killing expression.p plus if something is plain it cuts decoration costs.
So capitalism
This was more depressing than I thought it would be
I’m not a big art guy but I’d say minimalism and this new green eco crap is why
While im sure reducing costs is a factor, it certainly shouldn't be the primary one. Because in our current times we are vastly rich to do such beautifully looking buildings unlike the clearly less wealthy past and definitely we aren't doing that.   The taste arguments is the weakest argument, because it can easily be Imposed no matter if adam wants to mock for fun the conservatives, usually the "tastes" are of a minority that want to impose their ideology, religion, whatever through arts, and that was, is and will always be a thing irrelevant of wealth. Dismissing it as a conspiracy is just as childish and ridicule as people that says its an actual conspiracy.  I understand just like many people say the past beautiful buildings has a big survivorship bias component. Im from caracas, and the city is the freaking capital of modernism architecture IIRC. this survivorship bias situation is not different to what happens in Caracas today, Massive and astounding Modernist buildings, then a massive slum besides it.   That said Certainly the car centric argument is the strongest argument, plus with quick mass produced and the total lack of planning to build for the next generation, is what produces that look, (and sure in Caracas poverty is a factor lol but i kinda talked about that on the 1st paragraph lol)
How dare you close a door on your cat? They are coming for you
I can accept the first two reasons but the fact that we simply don't try better because of the use of automobiles is absolutely reprehensible in my view but it goes to show why the lack of human centric cities are just an abomination to some degree
...your excuse to talk about rail. The best. Evah!
2:26 bring the cat back
Bring back 17th buildings AND 17th century clothing
First let's appreciate your cat participation to the product placement. That was very good ☺️  I hate our modern bland architecture, they ruin our cities and you are right, car centric cities makes it even worse. I'm in Montreal wich has some very nice brick plexes and the old town is very nice with fantastic art deco and colonial architecture too. But most of the modern architecture is ultra bland and the city is surrounded by car centric suburbs.   I have one exemple of modern architecture that look nice and got inspiration from old architecture: Tremblant in Quebec . Ok ...yes it's a town made for tourism,  not living  and that gives the town a Disneyland vibe..but! they have been able to build a densed very nice walkable town , with a cable car for public transport and every building is inspired by old Quebec architecture.   I Wish we could replicate the idea to our modern cities.   I'm also thinking about this forest building in Turin in Italy  which I think is very good for a modern building. Would love in a city or neighborhood with just building like that one.
It's simple because it's expensive 😛
modern and decorative could be done with geometric patterns and designs, like some sort of triangular lattice on support pillars would look cool
beauty is definitely a necessity of life and unlike what many people may realise, actually a big draw for tourism and a surplus of people moving in the city. One reason I moved from a fairly boring city that was somewhat car-centric (by the standards of Europe mind) was because of the beauty and the ease of moving around. I still every year take some time to just go places and see what I can find, and every time I find something cool of beautiful or unexpected or just a random place in the city just full of people. That would never really happen where I used to live, but here, there's just beauty everywhere, and I bet if it weren't for that, this would be a much smaller city
lol where my brutalists at
Buildings in ye-olden times were often commissioned by extremely wealthy aristocrats/nobles who wished for a specific design that would reflect their personality, tastes and show off their wealth.  Modern buildings are built by bureaucrats and business people who want to make money and/or fulfil a specific objective.   And as the video says - people wanted something new. YOU like the design of those old buildings (and to be fair, I do as well), because they are becoming rarer and you’ve seen so much of modern architecture, that you desire something new. The people of the early 21st century saw heaps of that old style of architecture and wanted something new - something sleek, something space-agey, something that didn’t tie itself to the old ways. So they made the new buildings, which looked really new and modern and different for the time.   It’s not “worse” or “better” than the old ways - they changed their style because they got bored of the old style. And now some want to go back, because they’re tired of the current style. Artists, architects, designers - these groups keep on changing styles ever generation because they get bored and/or they feel they need to make a new style to make a name for themselves.
Probably extra effort plus cost more?
In the US, many business properties are leased to the companies that occupy them – even the big box stores. The owners need some flexibility to adapt the floor space, either for the existing tenants or for the next businesses that occupy the premises. This business model favors function over form. You can't exactly turn a neo-gothic library into an Amazon fulfillment center.
I hate modernism. It disgusts me. There are so very few examples of the style done well and far far too many that just look awful and are depressing. This whole video was depressing and I hate cars. Thank you for your clear explanations.
So what you're saying is... it's the boomers' fault.
Where I live we have an architectural review board that's supposed to make sure new buildings look good and fit into the community. In reality their main job is to kill housing projects and dictate that commercial buildings all be built in an identical-looking fake stucco Spanish Colonial Revival style.
Your fixation of the past and obsession with old architect is blinding you.
"Virtually nobody finds these buildings good-looking or interesting," I feel personally attacked
I kinda like the “sterile” modern buildings. They looks clean and futuristic, and a bit of greenery makes them look less sterile
I haven't even finished the video but it's going to be greed right? It's always greed and cost cutting.  Edit: ok I got one out of four
Btw soviet architecture is actually nice, just not well maintained. Any building that hasn’t bee painted since the 1970s will look like shit.
"location location location" and yet the best locations are those with beautiful old buildings
i am a ironworker in a major city in us and all i see is the same style in downtown, bland, monoliths of steel and concrete, and while i am building the carcass of one of these monoliths i know it will be overpriced poorly build commie block with absolutely no soul. brutalism is beautiful but only when it's broken up with neoclassical architecture
I'm not sure I buy any of the reasons Adam Something gives for the lack of poetry in our cities. Yes, I call it lack of poetry when  everything built is completely without mystery, completely blank. I grew up in Brooklyn in the mid-twentieth century. I'm talking about working class Brooklyn, poor Brooklyn. And yet I walked the streets entranced. I can remember row after row of brownstones, basically mass produced late nineteenth and early twentieth century housing. Much of it housing for the middle, lower-middle and working classes. It was repetitive but the stone had a warmth about it, the buildings set back from the street with imposing stairways up to the second floor and windows not naked but with the crowns and sills (sorry, I don't know the architectural terms) in other words settings, something understood as NECESSARY from Roman times. The buildings had dignity. Then there were other neighborhoods, truly poor, where the architecture was makeshift and higgledy piggledy, but the very unevenness of it, the little alleys, the trees lifting the slate sidewalks, all of it came together in a kind of unorchestrated beauty. Yes, beauty!  Now. Now the alleged best and brightest think their control, their total control is best. Nothing unplanned. Everything rational. In the meanest sense of that term. I'm almost certain that THAT is the disaster.
Cuz it's way cheaper
I do agree that it’s nice when you have historical districts with a similar style… but often this was enforced by monarchs or stuffy cultural norms in society. I don’t think we will see this happen again unless we mandate what people should build?
People in the past also built mostly crappy buildings in their time. Those buildings were promptly demolished while the better ones were preserved. Common availability bias. It’s not like we are building less good ones, it just seems that way when you compare a few decades of work to hundreds of years of history.
What in the ts elliot
This video didn’t really address true causes off ugly architecture. It is much more complicated. And I am too lazy to pour my thoughts in f-n YouTube, which I personally hate with passion.
5:14 that's a building located in Bucharest [Romania], and the president which you're displaying is from Hungary. You should know that there's quite a beef between these 2 countries.
😭😭😭😭
Adding some nuance to the commodification of housing… 1. It’s true for offices, hospitality and other uses too 2. The truly mixed use development is a financing issue so instead you have so-called mixed use districts of separate buildings of a limited number of functions (and people who live nearby often don’t work in those buildings) 3. Like most appliance warranties, most promises and covenants for building operations, warranties, etc. are non-transferable 4. Public agencies can’t keep up and communities often compete for developer resources, creating a race to the bottom in terms of planning, enforcement and public interests 5. Don’t forget about the fallacy of modern planning, from Corbu to Kahn which led directly to the Pruit Igoes and many a failed central street common without cars but surrounded by parking decks and highway spaghetti 6045. All those urban renewal highways that targeted black neighborhoods like giant lasers hurt the white folks too. Oops.
I don't like old designs. I like functional minimalistic designs
So a combination of short sighted business decisions, government policy, and liberal architecture being bland and uninspired. Got it.
I, for one, always dress as a 17th century nobleman for job interviews.  I've landed every job.
I personally prefer modern architecture with simpler, more functional designs as opposed to overly styled, palace-like styles of the past.
i like some glass skyscrapers. but only the once that look nice and unique
The real reason is just plain economics. Ornamentation is inherently labor intensive, and since labor has gotten more and more expensive (in developed countries that have workplace safety standards), developers and manufacturers have to be really stingy when it comes to labor. This means ornamentation just isn't viable.  The reasons you listed don't really add up. Changing tastes: tastes have changed as long as buildings have existed, but until recently, every style and trend has had some kind of ornamentation. Why should it be different now? Housing shortages: perhaps is a small part of the reason. Still, there have been times and places throughout history that have had housing shortages. What happens is cheap temporary structures are built and over time they get replaced by more permanent structures as the economy grows. Maybe that's part of what we're seeing today, but cheap shoddy housing is hardly anything new. The biggest counterexample is that plenty of expensive, luxury buildings are built all the time, and they're all just as bland and undecorated as the cheap stuff. Housing as Commodity: housing speculation is probably more extreme now than it has been before (in recent memory, arguably ever). Still, money has been around forever, and many people who built buildings all throughout history did so because they thought they could make money off of it. Do you think they weren't trying to do everything to cut costs? Also if it's a shoddy building and it starts falling apart 15 years after it's built, landlords have always been capable of blaming their tenants for any problems! Car centric urban planning: this one might be the explanation that holds the most water. Because of the suburban experiment, housing development does look very different from how it's been since time immemorial. Still bland, plain buildings with nothing to distinguish them from anything else are built all the time in the most walkable, urban areas too!  Sorry for the long comment, tldr: none of the explanations in the video hold together. It's really the result of rising labor costs and how ornamentation is inherently labor intensive.
Comparing old buildings to 17th century fashion is just wrong. Old beautiful buildings are timeless. And on another note please give south park more credit than that.
People have much less pride in appearance today. Look at your average person in older videos, no matter their status, held themselves up straight and looked dapper as hell. Now look at your average person walking down the street today: sweatpants, flip-flops, old t-shirt, overweight, slouched over, jaw hanging open, mind lost in a fog. I'll leave it as an exercise in self-reflection as to why that is the case.
let me guess cars
what is going on is you are in usa
This channel is literally saying that all our life problems are car's fault and I agree
Most likely we didn't build the structures that looked pretty. They were left over from a reset and those buildings were part of Tataria society and just inherited.
3:49, I love how this example is the gigantic, 44-storey luxury skyscraper complex that real estate speculators showed right into the midst of the futuristic "Experimental Prospective Housing Estate for the Future" at North Chertanovo, an otherwise well-designed and exceptional estate of the late 1970's and early 1980's, a priority experiment to test out new planning and construction methods devised by the Mossoviet government as part of the future housing programme. The fact that they slapped that monstrous atrocity right into the open space around the estate is a travesty. It's far from the only part of Moscow completely ruined by the proliferation of Putinblocks.
I live in Michigan. There's lots of old, ugly, depressing buildings from the mid 1800s to early 1900s. Just because it's old doesn't mean its beautiful. It's just that nobody bothered to tear them down or renovate them because there's no real reason to. It's not like people are flocking to small towns or isolated cities like Jackson.  These new buildings are cheap and soulless because they're supposed to be easy to repurpose later or even be torn down and forgotten. Let's be honest, a random apartment building in the outskirts of Royal Oak, Michigan is never going to reach the importance of say, The Empire State Building.
There's a fifth factor which is that Walmart (and other similar big box stores) build cheap crappy buildings not just because they're cheap to build but also a cheap building has a low value and low value means low property taxes. The bad quality is a feature, not a bug
Dream car.
Right on. Thanks for sharing.
It's called demoralization. They want to strip us of all culture, art, and beauty.
Cost and time, always
Money
Olde World buildings were pre mudflood.  Arround the 1850's the world was resset by global dosaster, the mid flood. All olde world knowledge was lost.  This is the answer....nothhing else. It has nothin to do with racism.  Oh brother, you are misiformed.
The soviets invented this look why must we copy it.
Ugh that explains why I had such a bad experience renting at one of those buildings. I was one of the first tenants and had to prove to a high degree my income and history to prove I’d be able to make payments.. then no joke or exaggeration after announcing they were going to increase my rent 50% after a year I began to make plans to move out which was fortunate since most of my neighbors were cooking crack in their apartments and smoking it in the parking garage and trash chute rooms. I guess they got a little lenient with their requirements when nobody was moving into their crappy oversized oversold building.
It's possible bc of the economics.
Architects are woke!!
F**k Cars!! Root of all modern evils. It's them that crushes human spirit.
I think it’s better phrased that housing used to be considered a commodity, one that was relatively disposable not just in the eyes of the developer but the owner, but now we’ve shifted to treating them as speculative assets.  That’s also why even ordinary, middle-class homeowners often take the time to try to block new housing projects.  They’ve come to expect their home values to increase by default, not thinking about how that would affect newer generations of prospective homebuyers.  Normally, companies make more of a commodity if demand increases, so even if this doesn’t fix the problem of some impoverished people being unable to afford it, at least it follows supply and demand.  That’s why people used to be able to buy homes while working menial jobs, at least here in the US in the 1950s.  It’s much easier for government to fill in the gaps to get everyone housed.
That’s nice but I’ve heard enough about Athletic Greens from Joe Rogan
Also it's a pain to get someone to make the ornaments. Of course you would have to pay a lot for it because they would have to learn how to do it first.
Could you show us examples of what a good or great city could be.
Read Tom Wolfe's devastating critique of modern architecture called " From Bahaus to Our House" to fully understand what has taken place.
3:50 - "I don't like (x), so the political opposition must be responsible for it!"  The sentiment would almost be amusing, if it wasn't plastered on the front page of YouTube every day.
"most of the world prescribes parking slots" meanwhile slovakia with 1 car per family having reasonable price per year for public parking but 2nd car benig more than 300% to discourage the ownership of automobiles
Is it okay to consider soviet-style concrete panel blocks beautiful?
I love it how your visual representation of "bland and boring" buildings is four buildings in pink, green and cream. In Australia that would be a boldly different building which stands out from the crowd. Due to the prevalence of powdercoated metal roof sheeting (also used as wall cladding), the entire construction industry is now using just 3 colours from one brand. Monument (dark grey), Shale Grey, and Surfmist (off-white). Even when they build with concrete, they only paint it these colours for some reason. At my job I personally see the building plans for about 5-10% of commercial buildings in the country and I can't recall ever seeing a pink building. Red, green and blue have only ever come up when it matches a corporate logo.
What, no trains? ... There it is! =D
So many grandeur classical buildings have been destroyed and replaced by ugly steel and glass buildings without character. Here in NYC so many beautiful buildings have been torn down by developers.
You sound like Gus from Breaking Bad
"capitalism" You keep using that word, but it does not mean what you think it means
Summary: Capitalism & cars ruin everything
The cost today would be prohibitive. Even the cheap stuff is expensive to build.
Remember when Trump wanted to mandate that new government building be in the classical architecture, that was nice.
As an American architect, I thought I was going to hate this video, but I actually loved it. Modernism didn't ruin architecture and cities. Capitalism + cars did.
Perhaps an additional factor in bland modernity is the increased scale of corporations and the attendant isolation of the building design from individualistic taste.  Personal vanity, local pride and boosterism, esthetic conviction - these probably don't influence building design like they used to.
As a Tradesman who lives in North America, I can tell you that a big part of the difference is societal, Tradesmen aren't paid that well and aren't appreciated in North America,, the tides are starting to change because the amount of capable Tradesman is dropping dramatically but growing up I can remember dealing with individuals from Europe who made clear that they used to earn a better wage and you were brought up in your trade people actually apprenticed people actually learned how to do stuff now people are just taught the basics and how to pump out garbage, and they get paid a garbage wage to build garbage
You know what's far, far worse than commie blocks? Fucking McMansions. I live in a relatively poop-ass forest, in a trailer park, and for my whole short twenty-year life, they cut down all the trees and put up these huge, ugly, identical houses with big barren green yards that nobody in the fucking area can afford. I'd personally rather there be like five commie blocks than twenty million god damn Squidsville houses. Shit, I'd even take more trailer parks. Even though there's already about ten within ten miles.  Good video. I used to dislike commie blocks too, before thinking about it in the context of shortage. We're all memed into thinking plenty of strange things these days.
This video is missing a big one - regulations. Standardized, copy-pasted units that pass the codes are going to proliferate. They will simply build to the codes.
This explains a lot, though I think it would be interesting to see a few renderings of how an architect and/or urban planner might design a city's layout if no such obstacles were a problem.
Also, the costs of labor and (quality) materials have grown considerably in the West. Not to mention legal fees and insurance.
Here in Paris the best buildings are those built 150-200 years ago in the "Haussmanian" style,   built out of thick blocks of lutenian limestone dug up from underneath the city, absolutely beautiful, and nice to live in, also: they haven't moved in literal centuries, whilst concrete buildings from the 70's are already full of cockroaches and falling apart (talking from experience here). Now I live in a building finished in 1894 with walls that are over a foot thick and for some reason those have a lot less humidity and pest problems. Back then people took pride in making things that would last, not in the car they bought with the money they made doing the work. IMO Haussmanian style buildings are perfect for dense cities, they are not too tall and thus don't deprive you of sunlight, and allow for some plants on the balcony at least. There are also a lot of green areas and parks in Paris which really helps (talking about the old Paris of course).
Not sure if true, but while in Prague I heard that most buildings had ornaments in order to be able to tell them apart before numbering was a thing, e.g. the house with the camels, the house with the mermaid etc.
I think a modern, clean look is more beautiful than the other style. Same thing with modern furniture, not a fan of the older style with all the designs and flower patterns
Dubai is building an amazing new city with beautiful architecture
I don’t mind the new style of building. Now that being said: I do not like when all the building look the same. A single “box” building on its own CAN look good, but not when every building is a similar box 😢
Holy jesus he used the free form jazz meme from spongebob lmao
also the cost of labour used to be cheaper than the materials, so making beautiful structures was good for investors wanting to get the most out of the materials that were being used because they barely paid the workers so more hours was no problem. nowadays builders have to be paid a lot more in places like America, while materials are dirt cheap, so building stuff quickly is prioritised over eloquent use of resources. yeah honestly people who want beautiful buildings again should probably fight against neoliberalism rather than screeching about some abstract cultural decline.
You keep mocking the sentence "Left wing architecture is designed to crush the human spirit" as a right wing conspiracy theory, but it's literally also a left wing conspiracy theory where they say they build soulless architecture to keep people poor by having them in a poor mental state.
Buildings should be beautiful, it's a form of art that we need to appreciate and expand upon, both simple and complex architecture is great, but we need less shoddy developments made by cheap businessmen that make a huge stain  on an otherwise gorgeous city scape.
Today's developers are not building to take pride in their talents - it's just a quick build fast buck world now - it's very sad
Sadly, this applies to Australia. Worse still, people who could afford to build something beautiful, still end up with something bland and generic.
I actually like a lot of the modern residential designs. The 5-over-1 style can have a lot of color and uniqueness in itself and a dense area of the city designed correctly with these can be quite lively and fun if the other tenants of urbanism are applied. The glass boxes can also provide a bright atmosphere so long as they are contrasted with good parks and historic/ornate architecture elsewhere. (Think the contrast between Tokyo station and its surroundings). That's just my take though. I enjoy a mix of modern/traditional.
More of your cat please. 🐈‍⬛
cuz illuminati destroy sense of beauty :/
To sum up this video in two words: It's expensive
Financiers with secular humanist last names
I noticed the "car-centered areas actively sabotage architectural beauty" REALLY heavy in San Francisco. Didn't matter how cute unique whatever the houses and buildings were, the car vomit filling every road gets rid of half of that as a pedestrian. So there's a concession and newer areas may have generic downtown condos, bland housing etc. If it's gonna look shit from a pedestrian perspective either way, why bother?
Good design is good for mental health. Tho, it's not just about the buildings. I'm a bit surprised you didn't expand on that carpark car-centric take; a human-centric street, with lots of street trees, and not too tall buildings, and some ground floor shops, can make anything look at least good to cycle and walk around in. In fact, you can make a beautiful neighborhood with this and basic  three-story brick boxes.  It's also good to mix it up a bit. Encourage certain designs in certain areas; buildings, street surfacing (like how the Dutch use red brick for residential streets) etc. This can be functional (like the Dutch example) like using traditional buildings every once and a while for wayfinding to make remembering routes easier.
We need to show this to Joe Biden
Only tangentially related, but I'm super jealous of you having those amazing, fluffy cats! Our landlord has rejected our request to have pets so we're looking to move, and houses being a commodity has never rang more true (especially pet-friendly ones).
I know it's part of your channel and why you got big, but can you lay off the constant criticism towards insane right wingers? I'm on the far left, but even I can see it's clear that your only connection with US/Western politics is through the worst people on the internet. These people are a loud, vocal minority and the more you talk about them the more it legitimizes them and their ideas. I've never heard anyone in my 25 years living in the US mention half the things you attribute to weirdos online. Sorry rant over- great vid as usual!
7:33 is there a McPharmacy in Walmart? 🤯
I wouldn't mind having a conversation with Adam. :3
The architecture of a society depicts the values and morals at the time. In an age where money is the only thing people care about, no wonder the buildings and spaces we create are so soulless, dead and utterly devoid of any humanity or morale...
Maybe this has already been mentioned, but some US cities (Philadelphia) have 10 year tax abatement for new construction projects. New buildings essentially become tax shelters. Coupled with %0 interest loans doled out be the Fed at the beginning of the Covid shutdown, investors essentially get to play with free money. With the idea that they will sell (hot potato) for a profit down the line, it is in their better interest to keep the buildings empty rather than risk the property value diminish by renting out to "undesirables". They still make money by declaring a business loss around tax time. Brick and Mortar NFTs.
I really like this channel and I think you serve as a great male role model
Christchurch, NZ, fell so hard in the earthquake of 2011 because the old ornate buildings would crumble and kill more people than it would in any other city. Unfortunately there is no way to have such detail in concrete and keep it secure.
Love myself a big ol stone monument
If déli is your favourite, that's proof you don't take trains from there mate :D
"no one finds them interesting" well I do :P
We need more gargoyles on building
I think you said correctly. There are a lot of factors that go into modern buildings. One thing I would say for people who idealize old buildings is that they need to look at them in the context of when they were built, or probably no plumbing, no electric lights, no running water , horses and their waste everywhere. No elevators, no gas heating, so lots of soot and smoke.
Part of it is the material choice, RC concrete is used in many buildings, but poring the concrete means it needs to fluid and set after to do this you either need plasticisers (expensive) or a water content amount that results in a weaker concrete that will wear out in 50 years.   Also standardised moulds are used on multiple different projects.
Meh there's historical sources in books/newspapers that people did not look of brownstones when they were popular to build. Now they are all the rage and iconic. I could see that happening with 5 over 1s, especially if they are located in some walkable area. Besides them being the cheapest way to build something, I don't really see evidence that they are somehow of lower quality than other buildings. Personally, I don't see a quality difference, all rentals have had some issues but nothing major.
This video is ridiculous, full of far left biases. It completely ignores the influence of extreme left wing groups in the development of architectural styles such as brutalism, which sought to eliminate ornamentation to eliminate any connection to the past.
5 over 1s means that the NIMBYs lost, and that will always be beautiful.
Neoclassical ornamentation belongs on buildings of the past. The Chrysler Building in New York City has plenty of ornamentation--but it's engineering ornamentation as befit a car manufacturer.
Would be nice if you could spek a little slower. You sound like a machine gun. You are not speaking Spanish you are speaking English.
Its not just buildings.  Its pretty much everything. Look at pictures of "humble" cash registers from the turn of the century (1900) for instance, and compare it to one made today.   Look at cars from the 1930s..... and compare them to todays cars.   Look at the woodwork, the way iron was wrought.... the way everyday appliances looked.  The way people dressed.... even the coinage.   Everything is so much plainer and uglier now.  And yet with all the advances in production and even computer generated engraving, it would be easier and cheaper today to do these things than it was back then. Its a very weird trend!
Fortunately, with the Green New Deal and the World Economic Forum phasing out personal automobiles and making us eat zee bugz, we will soon no longer need to  accommodate parking and can go back to the good old pre-modern building days.
It's amazing the amount of shitty things that happened from the housing market and the crisis that happened because of it
Car centered design really is the worst thing ever isn't it?
Don't forget about community master plans.  Where I live in the US the cities have master plans that developers have to design around.  Even if they wanted to make something beautiful often they can't because the city has a master plan that is governed by committee and thus caters to the lowest common denominator of design because beauty is subjective.
Because we don't deserve nice things. Because Brutalism design became popular after WWII because it was so ugly and depressing, also because that was the design of Socialism and the Soviet Union.
But the Supply/Demand curve! What are speculators and investors? How dare you call me a middle-man!?
how did people in the past have money for builing houses with ornament?
This is something I really only hear complained about by very eurocentric people.
Try being an architect and each day your client removes each of the well-designed elements you put hours into designing because they 'cost too much'.
your socialism is showing...
There is one factor missing IMO: The need to build environmentally sustainable housing introduced new limitations, similar to how the need to improve efficiency made cars all look the same. Insulation is, as far as I know, one of the main reasons for the typical blocky look making most new residential buildings look very similar, at least here in Germany. Also these four-to-five-stories buildings seem to be considered as the sweet spot of high-enough-density and not-becoming-a-typical-social-hotspot.   Personally I miss the bold brutalist architecture from the 70s and 80s; huge building complexes like right out of a sci-fi movie. Not ornamented in any way, but often full of interesting shapes, textures, and lighting; being both building and sculpture.
Honestly it's a housing shortage, building the cheapest quickest building will always happen in that situation.  If there was a surplus of housing people could choose the prettiest building forcing developers to compete on quality to get the price up, but governments and NIMBY restrict housing construction leaving people with no options.  Developers also build the same building over and over again because they already got the design approved which is one of the most time consuming parts of construction.
"You wouldn't unironically put on this 17th century outfit for a job interview would you now?"  If I had one and could get away with it I probably would... I regularly joke with my friends that a wool cloak is superior to a modern coat.
6:20 I think the timeline isn't properly expressed here. Using images of very modern 2010+ people and houses misses how far back this has gone. Financialization of Housing is often said to have its roots in the 2008 financial crisis, UN Human Rights says so for instance. But that's just entirely false.  The last time houses were just seen as "places to live" and not investments is somewhere in the middle of the 20th century, and arguably not even then because being landed has always been much more than that. But there's been a trend pushing this towards its extreme. With politicians focusing on protecting housing value. The 2008 crisis just allowed people who had the means to sit on these houses all the more reason to do so. They have an agenda. Watch for it.
Tastes may have changed among architects but they sure haven't with the general public. Studies show that the public overwhelmingly prefer classic architectural styles over contemporary ones.
I'm somewhat embarrassed to admit that I actually like modern architecture and urban design. For me, there are few things as visually pleasing as a well-designed modern house and a glittering city skyline at sunset.
Production values have really gone up around here, good work Adam!
Wait, is that groverhaus at 6:10?
The "changing tastes" thing doesn't really work when the vast majority of normies still prefer classical-adjacent (or art deco at the most modern) buildings, and actually still dislike the styles of built environment that architects have insisted on making them live in for the last century.  Only an influential minority of society's tastes changed. I don't actually hate new 5-over-1s or brutalism or commie blocks nearly as much as everyone else seems to, but I think the opinions of the overwhelming majority should actuality be taken into account for things they'll have to live in.
Its an interesting phenomenon.   As the decades go by, not only are the buildings uglier.... but people dress shabbier and grungier, and there's more garbage everywhere.  Even our art (statuary, sculptures) look in many cases now like piles of garbage.   And perhaps most perplexing.... even our expensive architecture, huge city centers, skyscrapers- are drawn up to look butt ugly now, lol.   Why is this?   I'd venture to say its almost as if in our destruction of the planet, and our extermination of so much life..... we humans are losing our self respect.    Like some sort of collosal, communal subliminal guilt.    We feel ugly, and this is the outward expression.  Am I right?
3:50 wtf does "leftwing architecture" even mean?  Are political groups now supposed to have their own architectural styles?
I usually love your videos but I'd rather live in a city full of ornamented pre-modern buildings than corridors and corridors of soulless cheap living blocks, thank you. There's a reason why walking the streets of Barcelona is a far better experience than walking the streets of Rotterdam.
I actually really like the 5over1 look. I know its design is kind of soulless in some cases, but I like the shapes and how they have more color than your neoclassical and art deco buildings. I also like the way commie blocks look too, so I guess it’s just my vibe.
There are towns like Alexandria and Savannah that have pretty strict building codes that mandate new buildings fit into the style of the neighborhood they're built in. It makes those areas very expensive but I can attest to the fact that you have to look somewhat closely to separate the old and new buildings from each other.  You certainly can but the giveaways are the lack of wear on the brick vs. the complete lack of brick.
9:56 i always knew why, because the building always reflects the motive behind a building, which now is money, so of course if every aspect of our life will have a soulless corporate vibe, a building will reflect this
Yes average american, it wasn't communism, all this time it was actually me!  *Capitalism*
The answer is of course "money!"
It's also worth noting that going much further back, the abandonment of classical and pre-classical architectural specialization played a part in making this inevitable. Housing, and schools, and office buildings, despite serving drastically different functions are designed and have been for a long time with a standardized, rectangular rooms with hallways design philosophy.  You wouldn't see anything like a refrigeration tower (a round room with a big pit in the middle and a roof that converges into a chimney to siphon off as much heat as possible causing the pit to get cold and stay cold) these days. They'll just go for electric refrigeration, ignoring that combining these technologies would make the latter significantly more efficient because it would take less energy to keep the temperature down, at least in hot dry places. The closest you get are theatres and political chambers in terms of designing rooms and buildings around their function, rather than simply incorporating their function into the standardized design hegemony regardless of how inefficient and expensive it is to do so...  I know a lot of humans like consistancy, but it's kinda rediculous to make spaces that are less energy or space efficient simply because they are familiar.    Buildings are tools. Their purpose isn't to be a box, they have different purposes depending on what they are used for. A house/apartment building is built to house residents, to provide them with a permanent shelter (in concept anyways). A school is meant for teaching. A hospital is meant for housing and treating the ill, an office building is meant for facilitating office work, etc. Since these are very different purposes, it makes way more sense to approach them with the question "what is this for?" first rather than second after some standardized conception of building design.  The way it is now is like if every building tool looked like a shovel, but they randomly stuck things onto the head to make useful for a different purpose... A hammer being a shovel with a metal brick on the side, a scrwdriver being a shovel with a tiny screwdriver head on the end, etc. Instead of just giving it a differently shaped head.
To be clear, after 100 years modernism have to go, it has nothing to say anymore. And I'm a modernist (well big part).
Safety regulations as well play an absolutely major role in how buildings end up looking. Part of it is a better understanding of what makes a building safer than another; fire escapes, good ventilation, good heating efficiency... and part is that unfurtunately urban sprawling is forcing us to build on less than optimal places, prone to inundations or -and i'm sorry to say this now- earthquake damage.
I love brutalist architecture, im not a big fan of neoclassical, however even the beauty of brutalist architecture doesn't see the light of day.
If you want to talk about commodification of land and housing you need to talk about China, it has the world’s most unhealthy housing market.
Love the content get better sponsors
The house itself is not a commodity, the land it sits on is, houses depreciate where land appriciates, but I agree with you 100% it was mainly the view of how americans and other western countries like Australia see property as commodities not a place to live, but europe does this to a lesser extent
I was so worried that this was going to be an pro-stagnation, regressive take, but Adam actually got this one based
I agree with 80% of that, and I'm cool with a lot of current architecture, but I don't _feel_ the arguments, and I can't put my finger on it.  Like, a lot of current buildings are bad _because_ they're modern. They display no understanding of place: what the local vernacular serves wrt economics, weather, usage patterns. So they end up uncomfortable, expensive to build and easy to decay.  An International style serves everything like an 8XL orange T shirt: you too can technically be dressed in it. It's a prison uniform, and you need to make virtue of necessity, you need to internalise your sacrifice, you can't but mock the oligarch with his ceilings festooned with gold leaf Seraphim. Angels are superstitious and gauche, you're above angels, a modern man of culture appreciating the materiality of wet concrete in your ascetic, ascendant cell.
architecture majors are brainwashed into despising anything conservative or traditional.  it's that's simple
Ornametation isnt only way to make thing look good. You can have brutalism with plants.
I don't agree that ornamental buildings are not being appreciated or seen anymore by passer bys. You are only saying that they are and using examples of void spaces in america or a train station parking lot while ignoring most european cities / japanese etc which have high densities of population. Like you said I believe it's coming down to cutting costs and location, and also paying a fair wage to the construction companies as most of those old buildings were probably made with very cheap labour.
3:55 That's a lot to read into this tweet. Couldn't you find something more representative of what you're saying?
Oh, he´s wrong on so many things. It´s not the cars and even the other factors mentioned don´t explain why the people who build houses for themselves choose to build just another of those same looking black and white blocks we can see in so many newly built residential areas. Those people build houses for themselves and their families to live in, not to make a profit. They also invest a lot of money, so cost cutting isn´t the main goal.  But yeah, "cars bad" is way easier than to look into it.
Wrong. I would absolutely wear a 17th century outfit to a job interview.
I like modernist architecture
Before the video: Ah yes, time to let Adam ruin my nostalgia for "classic" architecture and tell me, how modern architecture is actually beautiful. Guess today must be the day, where I finally break with this man and his outrageous claims! (joking)  After the video: Wait, my man actually agrees with me? Thank god. Yeah, I don't care what style, unless it's not this boring, bland steel-concrete-glass box bullshit. Art Deco, Baroque Renaissance and Neo-Classical are my favorites. I personally don't like te very "sleek" designs, that are full of glass fronts and low on ornaments (like the trainstaition you mentioned at the end), but at least they are still designs, so I can give them a pass.
And its important to remember whats ugly in the publics eye is whats common. If everything was neoclassical youd hate neoclassical, if everything was art deco youd hate art deco. The best of each style survived, the rest is gone. Everything mentioned in the video is right as well, but just copying old styles isnt gonna make better stuff, its just gonna be neoliberal funded neoclassical, which is also hideous.
You should look up some pictures of the Michigan Theater in Detroit. It’s definitely… something
Why are todays residential buildings ugly? Money. Why are todays market centers ugly? Money. Why are todays movies laking? Money. Why is todays music unlistenable? Money.  It's all fucking money in todays fucking world
Beside survivorship bias, I would also add another reason: materials that do not pass the test of time.  The old buildings that survived until today are made with traditional materials like stone, wood, or bricks. Early modernist architecture (1930s and 40s) as well. And they have a noble patina about them because natural materials age well.  In the latter half of the 20th century the architects started to experiment with new building materials: various plastics, fortified concrete - often raw with no parget or plasterwork, glass, and glass-plastic hybrids. Many of that stuff did not age well, and today it looks dirty and shabby instead of chic. Also, many of these buildings are 30-70 years old now, and in dire need for their first big renovation.
I admit, I kind of like the modern style. I just wish they didn't use the SAME style EVERYWHERE!
I'm gonna presume you don't like shopping malls either. That's fine. You don't have to. I grew up in a time when they were rapidly approaching ubiquity and now we're in a time where they're rapidly going extinct. But what's interesting - to me, anyway - is that they reflect kind of the same trend you're talking about here.  The first wave of malls around here - from the late 1960s - were a little on the bland side, but the next wave of malls were actually very nice and stylistic. I'm not gonna say they were great, they're just shopping malls after all - but they had interesting architecture, some had art, some even had a large central area for functions. High School band concerts, or the local drama school's not-very-good plays, etc. One about 10 miles south of me had large scale copies of italian statuary all over the place. One near my school had this gorgeious exposed-frame skylight that ran the entire length of the building. Very nice.  Then, around 1990 , they all became more and more utilitarian. The statues disappeared from the one that had them, the one with the cool ceiling was knocked down, the meeting areas were taken out and replaced with skating rinks, basically anything neat and distinctive was removed to make them more bland, and I'm not sure why.
Imagine wasting your time making ugly overdesigned Neoclasical buildings, when you could just make your buildings in the most utilitarian way possible. -This post was made by the Brutalism gang.
I was already thinking about the vila Tugendhat, before you even mentined it, when the topic shifted towards modernist architecture and the fact its not actually a bad thing. If you aver visit Brno I highly recommend visiting it (unless you already did ofc).
the commies in my country (Eastern Europe) actually admitted that they were designing the apartment buildings in such a way so that the private space is so tight and unfriendly that people will be forced to spend more time in common places. talking about oversimplification.
i think another reason (in england at least) is that theres less medium sized developers so you either end up with one off houses catered to a specific persons taste or hundreds of the same looking house by small and large companies respectivly
"That sounds like a great plot for a South Park episode," is hands down one of the best burns ever delivered.
5:13 Putting Orban's fat face together with the Bucharest old stock exchange seems a quite perverted idea ;)
Apparently I'm one of the few that likes a clean, modern style building... Busy and over decorated designs are not really that appealing to me.
You have to ask why so many new government buildings look like blocky concrete hives. It's because they want to crush the human spirit. They created the same car centric city environment to further crush the human spirit.
It's always the cars, man
in my hometown there a a few new developments and they have housing plot after housing plot plastered with white sugar cube-like houses. Its the ugliest thing you can imagine. dead, unlively and uninspired BUT due to large upfront costs in building or renovating a house they get sold like crazy... so there is a building company, they hired ONE architect(group... maybe) they design one single house and they built it 25 times or such....and then sold it... often enough its desperate middelaged family's who take a loan (something between 500.000 and 650.000€) or some old folks who put their retirement money somewhere "safe" and generate some "passive income".... But because the construction company buys a lot of plots all other plots get massively expansive as well.... + strict rules to not "disturb" the over-all-picture of the street... I could puke in circles
Your explanations aren’t good.  1. Changing tastes happens all the time, how can you make an explanation video about something that changes for the sake of change. That’s not explaining anything  2. Cheaper materials and construction still doesn’t explain the extremely expensive buildings built in this style
Taiwan has recently been the subject of some criticism regarding it's traffic. You reckon you can do a video the country's transportation and urban planning?
Can you do a video about supplement scams?
7:12 What about construction codes/laws that developers have to follow?
A century ago the task of designing and erecting a multi store building was a way bigger deal than today. It requiered a pletora of architects, engineers, masons and artisans that had to work in consonance to achieve this common goal. I think there was still a spirit of "guild" in these ensamble of workers, remanent from the age of gothic cathedrals, that gives these buildings what Walter Benjamin would call "cult value". Not religious per se, but more like a celebration of the achievent in itself, of the human spirit and ingenuity.
10:16 Had a good chuckle because of you being so adorably train-nerdy. Never change man. ^^  Anyway, thank you for this insightful video! I am a serious know-all, but manage to educate me in almost all your videos. :D
now, imagine if we just take all those ugly buildings, connect them together and then put them on rails... :-)
Excellent video as always! It's nice to know that these "problems" with regard to beauty often have a rather mundane explanation, instead of a grandiose, conspiratorial one. Could you perhaps make some videos with regard to other media such as music and especially movies that are supposedly marking the "End of Western Civilization", but instead have grounded reasons as to why those are?
A small factor is also that most of the old buildings are on some sort of list and as such are well maintained and cleaned. Modern buildings are not so shockingly they are ugly, like a lot of those pictures of commie blocks you used they looked really nice when they were pristine white and in brand new condition.  Also this kinda factors into another thing but it's just extremely easy to make anything look pretty in good weather and most people aren't seeing these old buildings in person because lets be honest they're yanks. They're seeing them in carefully coreographed pictures and contrasted against pictures of modern architecture that is meant to look ugly. Like have you noticed that almost all the pictures of commie blocks people use were taken in overcast weather? A lighting condition that makes literally everything ugly.
where train?
the way my heart broke when you closed the door on your cat
not the athletic greens sponsorship lol
adam, could you please make a positive video for a change? Talking about new developments in rail infrastructure, what the governments did right, etc. I enjoy your current content, but I feel that it's getting a bit monotonously negative for my taste.
I cannot believe that the Karen Assault Vehicle is a real thing. 10 years ago and it would have been marketed to Walking Dead fans as a zombie proof SUV, but no,  we've made a car you can use to pick up Jimmy in the middle of a school shooting
AG1 is the biggest Scam
Hard to grasp how retarded lefties actually are. Capitalism baaaad and cause of all bad. All these "reasons" mentioned in the video were just as much a factor in former times. And really makes you wonder why communist societies were actually the most soulless, even though, you guessed it, the baddy capitalists were already murdered?
6:15 casually using groverhaus as an example for cheap buildings lmao
"Soviet apartment blocks or similar large-scale public housing virtually nobody finds these buildings good looking or interesting" lol, you are so wrong.   Socmodernism is the best architecture style that was ever made. Socialist flats are so beautiful. I'm so sad that I don't live one of these in Poland but in garbage house made in 90s that literally is made of garbage (and time for report it pass so we are stuck with it and we haven't any rights to compensation for this...)   And socmodernist flats are so much more liveable! This house is so dumb that literally when I sleep and hit the wall some of it fall off because it is so soft and wet.
One of my personal bugbears is windows, they used to be delineated by window frames yes thats right, frames, now they're just rectangle holes cut through a concrete slab and they look terrible. I refuse to believe that mass producing a minimally decorative window frame significantly increases the cost of a project, but architects and worse developers have gotten lazy, not just greedy, lazy. I feel there need to be minimum aesthetic requirement like Vienna has.
Architect student here, thanks to the rapid rise of the Anti-Car Centrism movement, the tides are now changing in favor of human-scaled designs and developments.
🏢
All those parking lots also drive up a cities ambient air temperature in the summer due to heat absorption and then reflection.
lmao. those twitter accounts with roman and greek busts are all the same.
There have always been garbage looking buildings, but those aren’t the ones we keep renovating
1:09 ummmm how are the traditional architects and builders progressive and the modernists aren't????????
In Japan EVERY building is built to be torn down again! That's why Japan is really ugly in it's housing...function over form! Most people do not even buy things like wallpaper/decorative kitchens/carpets/wardrobes or any tasteful furniture! Japanese home look like student accommodation all the time!
I actually love brutalist and modern architecture
The editing is really good. I only started editing and a lot of your effects and cuts caught my eye.
hold up- so what you're teilling me is that trains can help fix architecture? You absolute madlad.
Nice facade increase cost of building by at least 20%. The same money can be invested in energy efficiency and generation which is by far more important at the moment.
Okay, but could you explain your opinion on what’s the way forward. Because if cheap commie blocks with no ornamentation are a positive thing. That’s no different than the capitalist trying to save money. Obviously the capitalist is doing so in a more selfish way, but the outcomes are both boring buildings that look/are cheap. Do we have to exist as boring-building-realists or could communities be satisfied with extra money being spent on beautiful aesthetics?
I do sometimes wish we would build in more exciting ways and take more risks. I think modernism is beautiful especially the work of Frank Lloyd Wright. Sometimes I wish every building would look like it was designed by him.
1000 years ago: "man why are all these buildings weirdly colored and feel the need to stick out like a sore thumb"
Great video.
Some commie blocks can be beautiful. The neighborhood in Finland where most of my family live is gorgeous these days. What they did to spruce it up was changing the balconies and adding greenery that climbs up the walls and some walls got a new color so the buildings aren't so samey anymore. With a little creativity and will even a gray old concrete box can become beautiful. I've seen this in parts of East Germany too. I believe we failed so hard on urbanism and it's so sad because we could have done so much better.
Holy shit, I thought this would just be a video about why building don't look pretty anymore but he somehow got his hatred for cars in here.
younger people find older buildings to be "depressing and creepy". I've heard younger people say this a lot about old European Churches and apartments.  Sad thing really.
Modernism is boring, ugly and uninteresting. The old ways are so much more beautiful.
Adam, can you please make a video about the train derailment in Ohio, and the lack of train safety in the US.
No mention of modern suburbs that have the same problem? Homes have never really been public architecture.
People are talking about survivorship bias but there's also the fact of the patina of age. As things get older they take on historical value. There's old sheds around where I live made of flattened oil cans during the depression and they're beautiful now.
It's all about money. When people build or modernise a home for themselfes, they will try to make it look nice and use quality materials. They also might want to pass down the family home to the next generation after living in it for decades.   On the other hand, if a building is just an investment that is supposed to queeze out maximum profit before getting demolished again, it is a totally different story.  Due to the housing shortage in Cities, it also makes no sense to invest in nice buldings because you are able to sell or rent them out easily anyway.
Soylent Green is People!
I lkinda lived in commie block, and i can tell you...they were not bad at all. Big parks from every side, trees, playgrounds, empy fields which were used for various sports. Parking lots are placed around the block, and no cars were allowed inside. Between parking lots there were "small" shopling centers, grocery stores, fast foods etc... You could buy basic life stuff without needing to even cross a streat(car was used only for vacations or family visits) It was perfect when i was kid, we were not escorted by parrents from age of 6 as long as we dont cross the streats. Imagine 50 kids playing whole day without parrent supervision... every day. Playable area was huge (in square kilometers). Ahh simpler times...  now they erected new building in every place they could and offcourse playable area is converted to new parking lots... But hey, at least i have great childhood memories...
I guess I'm just weird. I like modernist and brutalist arcitecture more than the neoclassicist ornamented stuff. Give me glass, steel and concrete any day. And right angles and blocks.  But on the other hand, I AM very left-wing and progressive so I guess I'm just part of the problem/conspiracy.
The west has enough money to build both enough and beautiful houses. No reason other than capitalism focusing profits over people that a country in Western Europe or North America can't have enough or beautiful housing.
So assembling commie blocks is basically like Tetris, no wonder it's a soviet game.
I should use that one next time someone says the dull housing is a plot to dampen the Human spirit. "I think lack of shelter, plumbing and electricity would damper Human spirit more than a big concrete box with amenities"
I feel like *once people are housed,* though quality and appearance eventually dominate over quantity. There is no reason to just keep building units as quickly and cheaply as possible when the number of unpopulated houses is high and the number of unhoused people is low.
Ngl neoclassical is my fav style.... And to add I like early 20th century skyscrapers the best those ones had soul style etc while also creating a lot of space modern ones are just....
Before I finish watching this video let me guess, the actual answer is money, Circular economy is in shambles due to inflation and the cost of living and yet jobs pay the same as they have been for years, or at the very least dont match the increase of productivity.
Developers don't have to build parking for their apartment projects in California any longer, or have setbacks from the street, or plant trees.  Tons of money must be left over for good architecture, right?  Nope.  Five story six-acre boxes result.  To be fair, they use two paint colors, though.
why is this video playing at 20 fps
There's no real pride in human creativity or invention anymore. It's all just about making as much money as soon as possible.
I do not know whre my dad heard it first neither do I care but he said to me once " If you don't know why something is happening it is all about the money" fuck that guy but this is the one thing that he was right aobut.
You should check out Poundsbury, a planned town sponsored by the former Prince of Wales with architecture very reminiscent of the old days while still being 'modern'
So, as usual, the answer is "because of hyper capitalism".
hey i do love my cheap property
I haven't play the vid, but i guess the answer is.... Money. But i guess it'll be resurfaced sometimes, like all trend does.
Its very simple, cause nowadays, they aren't practical anymore,  like, today, Is waaayy more practical to build "extravagant" architecture, like the hyperloop 🤯💀
Don't know what changed but I'm loving this new energetic type of editing
Architects just aren’t the same
"it's all a sterilized cultural deadzone" I think those are not that bad compared to some buildings I've seen.
The commie blocks WERE NOT made to house the homeless but to move the village population INTO the crowded cities. And THEY ARE Ugly and depressing and people tend to jump off from the 12 floor out of desperation coz of how bad they looked (or something) - wanna videos ? And Yes it's ... HALF joke that they can lead to a suiсide ... but just half ... And I lived half my life in such crap container and it was relatively big - 90m3. I will not wish that to anybody.
I don't think you are right, I don't think the neoclassical elemnts are more expensive, adn they have alredy been mass produced in the 19th - 20th century with plaster models. And a lot of new buildings have expensive elements too, it's notw out of fashion, nothing more
Your sponsor is the pod of dietetics. Fruits and vegetables are the train. But the money is better in your pocket than in theirs.
It smells more economic than architectural: we’re trudging towards subsistence
Once you mentioned "neoliberalism", I knew the rest.
"Anyway, that was my excuse to talk about rail" xd
I personally find "five over one" type buildings aesthetically quite nice. I think it's also a preference/taste thing or I'm just got allergic to likes of ugly af commieblocks after looking at them all my childhood😄
Ostensibly tastes change with the times, however the underlying culture and ethos should be maintained in the architecture that is produced.  I think you gleaned over the most important fact, which is that we do not have enough skilled laborers to produce beautiful buildings. Most of these people are 4 redbulls and 6 beers in by noon, and lack the particular patience, skill and aptitude to be able to construct these works of art.  Lastly, car centric urban planning is only a thing because of poor race relations due to the race riots of the 60's and 70's . In short, you were only half right.
Am I the only one who actually like how glass buildings look? (I understand they are bad because of light reflection and temperature, but I think they look really cool)
"Tastes changing with the times" is not really true. Most people, as you mentioned in your video, think these kind of buildings are super ugly. But what has changed was the attitude of the architects. Where in the past it was considered important that the building looked good to the public, nowadays its more important for most architects to express themselves and do something "special".
I am living in a European city with mostly post-war architecture, and I have to endure the torture of returning to it after trips to the older cities that are close to it. The feeling of entering it again after you have seen some lovely classical european architecture remains the same every time.. Being surrounded by huge souless and depressing concrete and glass boxes makes you feel sad. This probably is not happening to the majority of the people, but in my case, architecture has a measurable impact on my mood..
I mean, I don't think the 5in1 look that bad. Maybe not great, but no terrible.
Another thing about oranmatation, would a building with said ornaments look good on todays buildings, yeah it looks good on the building that it was designed for but would you would want to live in a moder nbuilding with said ornmantation, maybe but I think maybe also just don't care as much about it as they use to back in the day, though I also am a fan of brutalism, so maybe im biased.
The argument about car centrism seems a bit far fetched, yet I cannot let an opportunity to r/fuckcars slide.
Damn, Athletic Greens is even worse than Raid Shadow Legends.
Everything about this is correct bar the "tastes changing" point you made. Every poll shows that, even regardless of political affiliation, most people prefer the look of traditional styles over more modern styles.
The reason they don't build beautiful buildings anymore = MONEY! Are you willing to spend millions of dollars on stone masons? No didn't think so.
The funny thing is that (unlike the crime statistics spewing statue pfps) I actually studied European art hystory and let me tell you, when you get to the 1800's you are practically begging for people to just stop copying the copy of the copy of the copy of classical buildings and do literally anything else, we have been doing this since the Renaissance just move on.
Still don't understand why nobody before 20 century figured out that building stripped box is cheaper.
I don't like how few things taken out of context.  1. That we change our clothes or something in our lives doesn't we must change anything. For example... More 10 years and moka pot became 100 years old invention. But I still using it. Also elegant clothes are pretty classical too. The example is more accurate that you appear in a job interview in farmer pants or in jumper. 2. Where the hell was the word "white" mentioned. In that tweet? Why do you want to say anything about someone who had a different opinion?
But we now have 50+ genders... Priorities yk...
Cheer up!  The solar storms of the 2040’s will get rid of the cars and the micro nova will burn up all the ugly old buildings.  Then we can start fresh.
Nice
5 over 1s are actually pretty decent at creating good medium density housing, and often have units that fall under affordable housing program. Also, they have a concrete plinth with filigree timber construction on top, which makes it pretty sustainable as well.
I will not stand by this cat erasure, Adam.
Tbf I can enjoy the sleek glass and steel of modern office zones, *as long as* it's complemented by greenery and pedestrianised areas below.
bro expensive houses in Victoria  B.C canada be lookin like a geometry textbook
Seiing this video after reading "Ornement and crime" by Adolf Loos wich is one the the text that defined the lack of ornementation in modern architecture. A study done with eye tracking has showed that the human brain is hardwire to find beauty in visual complexity so  I have to disagree on "taste change with time" because it does not justify the minimalism aspect of buildings. Otherwise great video, I loved the neo liberalism take on the question !
Before watching the video:  Saturation and subversion.  Postmodern architecture is basically a subversion of all previous architectural standards, coupled with the occasional tasteful brutalism (if you're lucky). The previous ornamented windowframes are replaced by... nothing. The orange roofing tiles are replaced by grayish black metal. The stone or clay bricks are replaced by empty, smooth, monochrome walls.  The problem is that this subversion has become the standard, so architecture as  a whole became empty.  EDIT:  At 7:30, I strongly disagree. I get your argument that it's supposedly cheaper to make buildings with minimalistic designs, but we live in an era where hard polymer foam shapes can be used to cheaply ornament buildings. If one thing goes against "old school" architecture, it's spacious rooms and high ceilings, but  stylistically there is practically no extra cost to switching the style of a building from postmodern to neoclassicist, for example.
I mostly agree with you, but you did carefully avoid talking about brutalism, which was a case of architects actively promoting building styles that everyone else found and still finds horrendous
Absolutely beautiful video! Thank you
I think there's a problem with You dismissing the 'elites want it to be this way, ideology bla bla'. Travelling around the world, in the last 15 yrs, I met quite a few 'unique looking' business that struck big in large part because They are a marvel to the eyes.  At Brazil, HAVAN would be an example. Mostly because the owner is not really from the establishment(He will become part of it soon enough, I'm sure).  I know It may be shoking, but loaning from big banks or getting gov subsidies has strings attached. The bank WILL pressure You into choosing specific constuction companies, which the bank likes for reasons You mentioned and more.  AND, I'll pretend to not know how it goes elsewhere, but Brazilian banks and governments have a history of "ideological centaintude"(presidential quote) as a decision making driver. Your cool building will face financing hardships and political attacks in most places.
Kós Károly (Erdély) in the 60's or so made architecture more simplistic and that also contributed. He kept the decorations only for churches, libraries, the special purpose buildings.
So long story short, people don't actually want to pay the additional costs the aesthetic additions would cost them?
From what I have heard, a lot of Europe Governmental projects come with an Art Budget.   It might be that simple, today we don't put aside any money for the artistic appearance.... I like imagining Commie Block covered in Hydroponic systems, lot of green walls.
2:06 i would if it would be afortable
I think if you look a little deeper, you'd find that in every point in history, most builders built to function over form. The exceptions to these are cases were some sociopath decided that only an ostentatious display of wealth or power will do. Perhaps an autocrat wanted to make some grand landmark to impress the foreign dignitaries, or a wealthy merchant wanted to one up another wealthy merchant. And then the next generation of autocrat or merchant has to one up the last. After hundreds of years, it's not hard to get entire districts or cities of "beautiful buildings". We can deduce this by looking at the building projects that are classified as "grandiose" today, and asking why they are built that way. Why do today's Gulf oil barons build massive skyscrapers? To show off their wealth. Why do autocrats today engage in massive building projects on the public dime? To distract their people with paychecks and other shiny objects to preserve their power and one up the neighbors.   There is a difference between building something to last, and building to show off, though they often coincide because those seeking to show off are looking to leave a legacy. But there is a problem with building things to last, it makes inevitable change all the more difficult. I remember growing up when my dad worked at an industrial facility that will remain nameless. Thanks to numerous counterproductive governmental policies, many of the former functions had moved to other states, and now they were trying to tear down the buildings. But they were having a devil of a time because they were build to withstand a near nuclear blast. There is a balance to be maintained between building a structure that can endure the test of time, and also being able to change with the times, including changing tastes, styles, functions, and so on. And that has far more to do with the bland esthetic of the new "mixed use" developments than the developers being cheap. They know that taste and functions are likely to change far sooner than the actual lifespan of quality materials, so why waste money on quality materials? Besides, an intentional effort to mimic an actual historical style is just going to offend one demographic or another. Babies can't handle spice.   What's going to end up happening is that cities, assuming someone has the audacity to build a new one, are going to be built of generic multistory concrete platforms, like a parking garages, the size of a city block, designed to be continuously redecorated or rearranged. These blocks would be interconnected with pedestrian causeways, with the surface dedicated to motor vehicle traffic, and inhabited by intermodal containers, singularly or in clusters, serving countless functions, from housing, to retail, to office, to workshops, to agriculture, to storage, and so on. The advantage of this is that the business owner, home owners, ect, can own their containers, and just rent the space. And if they want or need to move, they can simply have their containers rolled over to the built in crane, loaded unto a truck or train, and sent off to a new place. Developers, or the municipality itself, are not responsible for building to suit, and are incentivized to continuously build capacity, because there is always a function that it can serve. It is cheaper for all involved, with the builder only responsible for the platform and basic utilities, and the inhabitant can build their holdings incrementally.
You can absolutely make modern architecture look amazing. I'm not a big fan of modern and sleek looking family homes though. That style works better for office, industrial and apartment style buildings.
Most buildings in the past were rubbish, just like most buildings today. We don't see them any more because they were demolished about 50-100 years later leaving only the good ones behind. Over the next 10-30 years, most of the rubbish from the post-war era will be demolished, or fall down of its own accord, and what remains will be the nice examples from that period.
Putting the University of Bucharest (Romania) next to the PM of Hungary just to increase the confusion between Budapest and Bucharest 5:16
Not going to lie.. I saw the AG1 box an thought it was a roll of agfa film.
Fuck parking requirements in urban centers. Seriously.
let me guess; it's all capitalism and the cars fault? edit; what a shock, I was right... This channel is nothing if not predictable. You're giving commie blocks a pretty wide pass here - they were and are hideous. They were also the absolute epitome of commodity architecture and shody building standards to meet quotas - you just like the ideology behind it so you overlook their glaring shortcomings.
On point!
Absolutely true. The horror forced upon us is not about crushing spirits, but about profit
Honestly, the 5 over ones as seen in the videoare not so bad. I live in berlin and we have some absolutely beautiful pre war streets, many have been partly reconstructed. But what in my opinion are the real eysore are 30+ story blocks. They looks like childs toy bricks, only they are mostly light gray, and they stand one next to another for miles and miles. Imagine skyscrapers but without the glass fassade an normal small windows instead. Also they only house, with very little businessess in the bottom (compared to the ammount of people living in them) and basically no cultural places. Berlin has build fucking square miles of these and its an absolute wasteland desert.
6:08  I definitely wasn't expecting to be reminded of Groverhaus today.  🤣
When a European goes to America:
Car-centric urban planning is not the reason. I lived in Hong Kong, one of the most public transport centric city in the world, and we never build "Beautiful" buildings The main reason is cost and improvement in technologic. If you build a "Beautiful" building now, it will cost 10 times more than a normal one because all of it will have to be order-made. Also, improvement in technology and building standards are another big reason. We have better materials and stricer standard for safety reasons, which mean most building will look similar because they follow the same standard.
cars really destroyed our cities.
These “five over ones” are still vastly better looking than any new apartments built in capital cities in Australia 😢
Or conversely, “Why didn’t they build energy efficient buildings back then?”
"Beautiful"? you mean beautiful.
I don't get why he throws the "Capitalsm BAD" in here. I mean if ugly looking houses are the cheapest option it makes sense to build them. Only a Goverment would say "Yeah well let's spend an addition 100.000 on this one house so it looks more aesthetic.". This is the exact same principle as why commie blocks were cheap and ugly.
Houston got 2 pictures let’s go
I would love love love to see a revival of older architecture styles. Classical/neoclassical, Byzantine and Art Deco are my favourites 🤩 with the technology and resources of the 21st century we can house everyone in beautiful buildings!
Was just talking with the guys here about how everything we are supposed to fear about Communisn, Capitalism has already done to us, Guess that includes the bland buildings!
What the heck is this abomination at 8:48?
2:24 You're a monster, instant dislike
In all honesty modern buildings aren't even as ugly as people claim, the only buildings I can think of that are truly without personality 90% of the time are big box retail and skyscrapers where I walk by them and go "What is your purpose, your so big that thousands could live inside you but nobody goes in and nobody comes out"
Nah I also like the new style/sameness of the buildings. I don't care if it looks nice as long as it can house people well.
Deli is beautiful in a way that it is terrible. Modernist architecture has its charm, but Deli really isn't a great example. It has been designed to stand in a pit between oversized stroads. It does nothing for its rather nondescript surroundings, nor do they do anything for it. Plus the excessive "concretization" of the sunken plaza, the random three flights of stairs and the awfully nondescript office part in the back.  The worst thing is that, while the office part is MEANT to be bland and ugly (this is what people complain about, the American woodframe buildings are actually quite nice compared to the ugly sh!t COMECON countries came up with), Deli's front was meant to be a statement, and both money had been spent and concessions in terms of utility and "form follows function" made to provide for such a statement. The statement, however, turned out to be "I need to pee".
I must have developed Stockholm syndrome from living in Eastern Europe, because I find minimalist modernist architecture appealing. Then again, it is common for towns to have lots of walk able space and trees. I don't know about you, but I really don't like the cluster phobic nature of old towns, no matter how much decorated they are. I'd much rather live in a soviet flat if it means I get to live closer to nature and have lots of walk able space to go wherever I want, instead of feeling like I'm living in a fancy concrete maze.
Right at the beginning he says that   ...the progressives, for a change, are not-hing/never to blame for anything...  Fanatics like you are like spoiled children.  And, man, I hope you move soon to a beautiful city full of civilized immigrants and live right next door to them.  With love, reason.  🙄
Don't lie, its because they are cheap and want to pocket the money.
AG1, doesn't look like soylent green... no it doesn't :P
Capitalism is also good at making ugly, same looking buildings cuz obsession with profit.
"Changing tastes" I mean sure, if you mean architect's taste got worse. No normal people thinks the "over-ornamented" buildings look worse.
Building codes too. A lot of beautiful, old, brick and stone buildings don't survive an earthquake while the new, modern boxes do, because they are required to.
TLDR; It costs more to ornately decorate buildings.
i highly recommend the subreddit r/architectualrevival where nice examples of bringing back architecture into modern spaces are posted and discussed :) its very beautiful. i like to hang out there.
The main reason: cheap qualified labor doesn’t exist anymore
i rather live in a 'boring' cheap apartment than in a old beautiful house. don't get me wrong, they are BEAUTIFUL but it takes more work and it's not "mass producable"  sorry for shitty explanation and i hope people get what i'm trying to say :D, i rather use my money on food and neccesities because i don't stare at the outside of my house
I think the term missing here is 'Principle-Agent problem'  Buildings used to be built by/for the people who were going to live in them or use them, or by a mayor/king who wants their territory to be nice.  Now they are designed and built in order to be sold, so the person making the decisions about them never has to live in them or walk past them, so they have no reason to care.  That's a principle-agent problem.
Yuck! Did you have to include that idiot at 5:07? I almost vomited...
And here I am, sitting in a relatively new bit of Jakarta, surrounded by entire blocks of modern buildings constructed in classicist European style full of ornaments! I’ve seen similar across Asia, they somehow found a way and a will to do it out here. Now if only they could also mass adopt public transport as well…
7:37 yeah, I want to go to the McPharmacy inside the Walmart.
Would be interesting too to look at effect of property taxes.  In many places in Europe, these taxes are much lower and people really build things to last and that are nice looking.  Imagine if zero property taxes - people would probably put much more into their homes so the houses could last generations.
Absolutely terrible video. We still build a lot of buildings that are designed and budgeted to be architecturally interesting. They’re usually built by governments, universities, and large corporations, and they’re almost always god awful abominations. When the entire point is to spend extra money on something to make it nicer for humans, it cannot be explained away as the cheapest standardized car-oriented solution.
6:16 lol is that the something awful house?
So, so true, how the cars and their large streets keep the sight away from beautyful buildings...  I have seen old fotos from our city, where in place of our large streets of today was parks, and the same houses look so more beautiful...
While I agree on most of the points he makes (capitalism, car centrism, tastes, etc.), I think Adam misses the actual reasons why people like (and want to build more) traditional architecture.  The new traditional architecture movement is about more than just building houses like "in the good ol' days."  First of all, the main difference between modernist architecture and traditional architecture is not only the amount of ornamentation it uses, but also that modernism denies the existence of objective beauty. That's where the phrase "form follows function" comes from. If there's no such thing as objective "beauty," why even bother with it at all?  Well, this thinking is obviously flawed because, while it's true that tastes differ between people, most humans still consider similar things to be beautiful. There are studies that show, that people generally prefer "traditional forms" over their modernist counterparts. Traditional architecture tries to use "tried and tested" forms and decorations (e.g. classic column order, the golden ratio, etc.) to appeal to the largest amount of people possible. Modernist architecture can be visually beautiful, but most of the time that's not the main intention of its design (pls. note that "visually beautiful" doesn't include technically interesting stuff like record-breaking heights or gigantic glass panels or objective benefits like large rooms or good insulation).  I found the example with the suit a bit odd. Yes, the suit is a modern garment, but it's still part of classic menswear. I want to dwell a bit deeper into this topic because I think there are a lot of parallels between architecture and fashion. The main difference between classic menswear and modern fashion is not only that its "older", but that garments like the suit stand at the end of the line of a long evolution of European male garments. Yes, a suit is a modern piece of fashion, but details like the lapels or flaps echo the rich history behind its design.  The traditional architecture movement basically tries to do something very similar. It tries to use the wisdom of the past, to build the buildings of the future. It's kind of weird how Adam uses the Eiffel Tower or Rockefeller Center as examples of "modern architecture." Many people consider Art Deco, Art Nouveau, etc. as the last great "hurray" of traditional architecture and art. While the main purpose of the Eifeltower was to be the highest thing possible, it still followed traditional forms and symmetry and even features several classic ornaments on its exterior.  Everyone who knows a little bit about fashion will also know, that classic menswear differs quite substantially from modern fast and ultra fast fashion.  Because of their timeless design, a suit or tuxedo can be worn for much longer, so it makes sense to make them out of higher quality materials. This is obviously much better for the environment than buying a new, cheaply manufactured polyster shirt every 6 months.  Modern architecture suffers from exactly the same issues as modern fast fashion does. Most buildings nowadays look modern, sometimes even futuristic, right after their construction, but will look completely out of date after just a few decades. With modern construction methods, it has become quite easy to just bulldoze an existing building and construct a new one after 50 years. Obviously, it's much better for the environment to build and reuse long-lasting, high-quality buildings.  Traditional architecture has proven itself to be quite timeless. Yes, it might not always represent the most avant-garde tastes of the time, but I'm pretty sure there was never a point in history when a majority of people thought "damn that pantheon thing is kinda ugly, let's raise it and build something more beautiful." Furthermore, traditional architecture tends to be better adapted to local climates and is usually made from local materials, which is also more sustainable.     Environmental factors, beauty, cultural preservation, and better integration into walkable cities are the main reasons why people want to build more traditional architecture.     Oh, and right wingers like new trad because of some dumb conspiracy bullsh*t, but please don't listen to them; they're just a bunch of idiots destroying the reputation of the whole movement.
There is only one form of architecture I truly hate - Brutalism.  For every one nice example, you can find 10 examples of hell - HUD in DC is described as 10 floors of basement, no one gets a window.  The pool where I swim is a giant cement box with no light allowed into the original building.  Winnipeg's architecturally interesting old city hall was demolished to build two brutalist cement cubes.
No one wants to spend money, no much people with that kind of skill despite having 3d printers, and time everything has to be fast
Speaking of glass cubes - Have you heard of the Saudi's new building project in the middle of the desert?
I honestly don't think that most 5-on-1 apartments look all that bad. My problem is that tenants don't own their units.
Time for 3d printed buildings
New buildings built to be pretty or ugly as s*** Japanese post-war buildings that they gave zero thought to design to are some of the prettiest buildings around, and the suburbs and stuff like in Cary North Carolina is absolutely horrific
It's as if we already live under communism. This video just shows how left-leaning our politicians became
I kind of hate that I live in New Zealand because we have so many of these boring buildings
Just ONE question about your sponsor, Athletic Greens. Is it transported by trains? That is kind of a deal breaker
I disagree with you, skyscrapers are cool (Ex: frankfurt)
Bro I was just thinking about this earlier today-
Left wing Architecture crushes the human spirit.
9:24 OK, LOTS of cars 🚗🚙😏 but where's the TRAIN 🚂😧 10:12 😌👍🏻
Many of the decorative elements seen on Victorian buildings were actually mass produced, usually from stamped metal or cast Iron.
Honestly I think we should just build big scary brutalist buildings. I love the blade runner vibes of the architecture and it is a more accurate representation of our modern dystopian society.
It is absolutely irrelevant when capitalism countries do that. Unironically, when it is a mandate from the government then it can east my shit, if consented trade is behind these choices, so be it.
cause it is cheaper
if commie blocks had paint at the very least, it would go a long way.
I really liked the conclusion of the video. As much as I want to see more ornamented buildings, there is still beauty in modern and brutalist architecture, but the ideal is more variety
The answer is simple. We no longer care about the comunity and the betterment of society, only about the individual - ourselves. Who cares what the building looks like, as long as I can make the apartment fit my needs. We tidy our rooms, but spit on the floor when we step one foot out the door, because it's no longer "mine".
Modernism means Uglyfication.  I hate modern Architekture, I hate modern Art. It's ugly and meaningless and only idiots celebrate it.
You can still live in a beautiful, ornamented palace.. if you're rich.  Look at Donald Trump's house, it looks like the Sixtine Chapel.
great video!
As someone who does 3D art, I assumed it was just because it was easy to create marketing renders with simple designs...
I adored Prague when i was there, and it was SUPER foggy so I couldn't see Saint Sebastiáns until I walked RIGHT up to it, it was gorgeous and awe inspiring to see it appear from the fog with no idea it was even there since Americans know nothing about Prague. But you just awoke a hidden memory from 2017, when I felt SUPER sketch following Google directions through Prague 1 when I had to walk alongside a busy highway to find what looked like a sewer outlet, which was a hidden underground tunnel to cross the highway, that without Google maps I never would've gone anywhere near. What was up with that?
I am glad that we have some revival. In New Zealand we have Ockham Developments that make beautiful apartment buildings, after years of bland bland developments
Maximised modularity of build for maximised profit, that’s why new buildings suck. Also the trades are no longer highly skilled. Plus materials traditionally used (limestone and sandstone) are susceptible to modern pollutants and therefore cost a fortune to maintain. Didn’t even need to watch the video.
5:07
The claim that "ornaments aren't mass produced" does a lot of heavy lifting here. What even counts as "ornaments"? And 5-over-1 just means the perfectly normal "European" city style with shops and restaurants at ground level and residential (or offices) above. It doesn't affect the design. Apparently 5+1 is not allowed in a lot of US zones, making it harder to live there without a car. Which brings us back to the cars.  Thank you for the eye-opening insight, that part makes so much sense that it's practically painful.
Slow down man
New buildings are cool and I won't have this boomer nostalgic bullshit
The most shoching thing was Adam holding himself from speaking about trains for 10 minutes straight
Vityó!!
I don't deny that modern architecture can be striking. But I would argue it requires a considerably higher skill level to get right. In traditional architecture, some minimal ornamentation and classical proportions can go a long way to make something that looks at least OK. With modernism, there is no place to hide a cheap design.
As an architect, I really appreciate this breakdown. I get asked this all the time, and every time I say that architects would love to design better, but the our hands are tied by budgets or in the case of developers, profit margins. Beauty is a public good, but in a society that has no concept of collective ownership, nobody wants to foot the bill for something that benefits everyone.
Can't believe Adam brought it back to cars. This guy is a legend.
It's amazing, brutalism is less brutal than soulless capitalist vapidity.
The examples of modern architecture shown in this video are relatively nice looking. What Ive noticed that concept art of upcoming buildings always sport nice bright colors and polished metal from perspectives people never get to see the building from. When in reality itll end up looking like oppressive grey glass and metallic boxes from the street level. Specially concrete is always white in concept art, but in reality we get grey 100% of the time.
I live in what I call a "Commie bloc" building. It is a fourteen story high rise shaped like an X built in 1949. It was the tallest residential building Atlanta for about twenty years. Its architecture is extremely minimal with units the size of a Japanese apartment. However, it is solid concrete and brick and feels like a cold war fortress.
It's astonishing how nearly every part of our lifes gets worse because of theft of money by inflation/politicians, if we would use hard money, a lot less people would invest in housing because money will be always more liquid, more divisible and easier to handle. In Poland we lived though few hyperinflations and in our culture is to hold houses, that's one of the part why they are so pricey.
People just can't afford it in my experience
People are glued to their screens inside and outside so why even bother?
Your war against cars is to admire
Finally a video that answers the question "Why can't we build new buildings that also have three centuries of character and personality in them?"
USA wanted this after ww2 to spread their israel worship
These houses are also cheaper and simpler to build due to statics already being calculated and everything relevant already being drawn in a project.
1:59 I'll be honest with you, these buildings kind of look like crap.
Money
The answer is always ; money.
More short cat cameos please. But not too many.
Paris has among the ugliest buildings that ruins the skyline.  Ever seen that picture?
This guy is going to do a fightclub on inner-cities. We gotta keep an eye on him.
Modernism isn't the problem. Modernism is beautiful. What is the problem is people building junk with no style whatsoever and then calling its lack of style modern.
I think it's purely psychological. I think about all the backdrops of dystopian novels and films.   Housing is stark, bland and sterile. Humans work in their assigned roles, question nothing and only use their homes to sleep.  It's all by design to make "home" not desirable so you spend more time at work and in the metropolitan areas. That are neon lit and exciting fueling the machine with your taxable dollars.
02:25 — YOU'RE DEAD TO ME.
Disliked for locking the cat out. Shame on you
If your taste is grey concrete boxes then your taste is shit.
Gosh I just love your voice, it's kind of sexy.
It probably depends on region of the city. In Poland in historic city centre or close to it there are quite often building being rennovated or build in same style as in XIX century to match the surrounding. But as far as I know its partly being co-funded by city itself. In general I quite like new XXI century buildings, it's for sure improvement over those build during commie times (brutalist style). Imo perfect is mix of old and new made with style. Even glass skyscrapers can be done with good taste- like new ones in Warsaw.
Here in Dunedin, NZ (and other places in New Zealand) we have a lot of old victorian and art deco buildings that we have preserved. Our cities didn't get flattened during ww2 unlike you euros. The nicest ones are great, look amazing (google Dunedin Train Station, its very pretty) The majority of them, however, are shit. Cold in the winter, boiling in the summer, no insulation, windows that are literally just glass stuck in wood, faulty wiring, difficult to work on, crumbling, moldy etc. If you are wealthy you can get them done up to be nice, by replacing the kitchen, bathrooms, carpet, wiring, windows, and so on, otherwise they just make you sick. Our government also did a large scale housing program in the 1960s, building tons of state houses and they are far better than a crumbling 19th century ruin
Profit margin. That's why. The only thing that matters in america is profit margins to make worthless, lazy rich people more money for doing nothing. Capitalism supporters are naive af.
"Architectural" youtubers seems to be mainly from America and they simply... just... don't understand modernist architecture. And modernism in Europe is entire different story. After the IWW, neo-historical architecture was seen as the architecture of rich capitalists and conservatives defending their interests. Many of the new architects were socialists from the new, young countries. They wanted to build for the poor masses, workers etc., to provide them with the greenery, air and light that the older, 'nice looking' cities were unable to provide. Housing conditions in 19th century cities for most people were ATROCIOUS. And the decorative "nice" architecture looked all the same, from Berlin to Chicago to Buneos Aires do Shanghai (yes, its colonialism). It had to be changed. Compared to Europe, America at this time hardly bothered with social housing, "pretty" decorated art deco skyscrapers were all the rage. Modernism in the form so often criticised on You Tube only became widespread in the USA after the Second World War, when Mies van der Rohe (who, it is worth noting, wanted to make a deal with the Nazis in Germany until the last minute, then emigrated) gave the skyscrapers of rich capitalists a modern, fashionable form. But the socialist aspects of modernism on a larger scale did not take root as it did in Europe. If you want to understand modernist architecture, try to learn about projects like "Red Vienna" or the housing of new countries like Czechoslovakia or Second Poland Republic. It is a story of emancipation and a way out of poverty for many people
Great video and really a topic that is usually not understood well by most people.
This is an interesting video, but I do have a couple suggestions on how to make it a little bit more entertaining first you have a cat in the video, but really for not enough time, you should extend the cat section to be longer, ideally displaying the cat throughout the video Also maybe instead of the narrator it would be more efficient to have a computer generated voice - substantially saving in labor costs Now the cat should also be more active and moving - how about in space? Come to think of it - instead of all of the prose the computer generated voice should sing which would help in case people get bored even better if the singing is of a single word, possibly in Japanese and the best thing this actually allows you to have a rainbow behind the cat There I have improved your video with this step by step process
i would say theres a no.5 is globalism. best example of this is skyscrapers in the cbd, the ones who rent out the space are all international corporations and banks. they have hqs in all the big cities and the buildings are just the exact same because its the exact same corporations in them all over the world. applies to shopping malls as well.
Yes, the answer is quite simple: Bland boxes are cheaper to build. That doesn't mean I enjoy living in one. When I go outside, all I see are gray boxes upon gray boxes. It is genuinely soulcrushing, especially when knowing what my city used to look like before the war.
Because it's cheaper and more efficient. Saved you 10 minutes of your life
I don't have a problem with people salivating over nice neo-classical buildings or Victorian-style townhomes, but my problem with the Right is that they all see that as a sudden event when it's obvious that people don't care much about Trad Architecture anymore. They don't even see that Modern architecture doesn't have to suck, there are plenty of Modern buildings that I like and Don't find them soulless, but cool instead. I don't want to make 9/11 references, but the new One World Trade Center in NYC is more beautiful than the Twin Towers.
Mass produced modernist buildings and car centric infrastructure may not have been created with the intent of crushing the human spirit but that's certainly the outcome.
Love your kitties.
Loved the music quote i really hope it is a reference to the former citigroup ceo before the collapse 2008
The Karl Marx Hof in Vienna is a good example for functional and affordable architecture, that also looks nice.
I will never get tired of you shitting on Prague
There is no excuse. We need Palace Spaces for the common man!
It's not an Adam video without some way to bash cars.
Interesting; they should definitely bring the ornamentation back. I mean, just by way of the fact that people would refer to the old-style buildings as "beautiful" and that the existence of this video highlights the point that people like the old style and never "grew" out of it. Also, you're in Czechia? Why are you using US English in your videos then?
Ah, a new Adam Something video. Time to feel the need of playing Cities Skylines for a couple hours and realize I can't build a decent city for the 18th time
I design buildings. It's cost.  However, when international Modernism became in vogue, it was legitimately high fashion, space-age stuff... but it was cheaper than ornamentation. Once that style caught on, there was no excuse to waste a client's money on decorations when all that decoration meant the building would have to shrink by 30%. Also, there is much less pressure now for owners to fit in. Nobody talks, nobody has social pressure to look nice (except for their customers), so when the choice between beauty and budget comes up... budget wins.  It's sad, really.
The Schermerhorn Symphony Center in Nashville is one of the few neoclassical buildings I've seen constructed in front of my own eyes. Completed in 2005. So it is still possible to do this type of thing in America.
put it in short: function>aestetics
The thing about the old buildings in hungary, is that they are either renovated, slowly rotting away, or full of bullet holes.
Unsubscribed because you shut the door on the cat.  /s keep up the good work!
As usual, the answer to the question of why something is done the way it is is "money".
Beauty is in the eye of the beholder – I for one welcome our blocky, brutalist overlords!
Æ
Also, in the past it was profitable to built beautifully. Now it's not, for the reasons you mentioned. I believe that interior design is much better now than architecture, probably because it makes a profit for the owner.
Blame code and the ADA for ruining everythin. How can a single group force so much influence on way we live.
3:59 this is genuinely my biggest problem with Far Right Conspiracy Bullshit they'll always tell you about how "TEH JOOZ" are trying to destroy White People, but they'll never actually explain WHY they want to do that
Interestingly, just a few days ago a Czech architect made a video on why there are often houses with empty sides (not sure about the correct term, but it's usually those multistory buildings that have one side without ony windows and it looks like there's another building missing next to it) and it's exactly as you say - it's supposed to have another building there but there isn't enough room for parking spaces so they just leave the lot empty.
it's always a matter of perspective. I lived in Sweden for a big part of my adult life but I was raised in Costa Rica. Those buildings I do not find particularly depressing. I find the former and current slums far more depressive. On the other hand, in CR most of the old stuff is gone forever, save for a few churches and a couple of theatres. Otherwise most of it is boxes built after the 50's and the charm of yesteryear's facades is absolutely gone. Most in the country do not believe the little capital was once praised as having the charming look of a small European city. Just to name an example, a library from the late 1800's was turned into a CARPARK. Same with a lot of iconic facades. If not an earthquake, the properties turn too expensive to maintain if ever declared as architectural heritage.
And ironically, commie blocks DO look very homey and beautiful to me, given they're up to 5 stories high.
Old catalog homes were mass produced and still beautiful. All of the old Sears kit homes I see are tasteful and still have a fair share of ornamentation. Why don't we do this with housing anymore? Every new house built is so bespoke that it either costs an arm and a leg or is built in a giant subdivision and is just copy and pasted a hundred times.
In Stockholm Sweden there is a wonderful architectural style that I think strikes the perfect balance of cost/time of construction while being very beautiful.  It’s called ‘Swedish Grace’ and the buildings are generally 3-8 stories tall, ornate stonework is kept to the first floor, while all the floors from 2 and above are usually a simple plaster/stucco wall, and if there’s ornamentation on those upper floors it tends to be simple and used sparingly.  This architecture style is so simple and beautiful that Studio Ghibli used it as inspiration for the towns and cities in the movie Kiki’s Delivery Service.  I think a prefab framework like soviet block housing combined with the extra work of a Swedish Grace facade would be amazing in some sort of Swedish Grace revivalism movement.  Sadly I live in America so I will be experiencing unending suburban sprawl.
Counterpoint:  A neo-byzantine apartment block would look sick af
I'd venture to say, at least for the ugly and bland new builds in my area, the reason is mostly money coupled with housing shortages. The developers know that they can sell pretty much whatever, and the new developments are often targeted at investors anyway.  It's basically just put together as cheaply as possible, with as many units as possible to achieve the highest profit.
This is so true, my eastern European parents always talked about building a house to live in, now that I live in north America people only talk about what they can get for their house in 5 years...
Another huge reason large stores like Walmart don't customize their stores is for consistency. Having stores be bland and more or less the same is an intentional feel. You know when you're in Walmart and you (more or less) know where to find the things you're looking for regardless of which store you're at. These stores are interchangeable, because it makes it easier for Walmart control variables around product placement, and they're boring so you don't spend time looking at architecture and instead look at products. Walmart isn't supposed to be a place you want to spend time in, it's designed to put as many products between you and the stuff you want, with the goal of getting you to buy as much as possible as efficiently as possible.   Stores that don't do this are usually out-competed by stores that do. Not just because they make more money, but because stores with inconsistent layout's are annoying and confusing to customers. In Canada, The Bay is one of the worst for this. I've probably been to a dozen stores across the country, and the lack of consistency is infuriating. You end up needlessly exploring the store or asking for help because nothing is labeled or grouped consistently. If I need to buy luggage in Walmart (no matter the store), I know it's probably going to be in the back right of the store, across the main aisle from the shoes, and I need to pass through the clothing section to get there.
Za stavby paneláků může neoliberální kapitalismus? Zbláznil si se? Za tyhle stavby bez vkusu může právě to, že se města ujali plánovači, nikoliv drobní podnikatelé. Je mi z tebe zle, jak manipuluješ s realitou, zvláště, když si z Česka.
you didnt mention the bulidings we dont build out of necessity. They are crap as well. They will never last the next 200 years since most of them contain reinforced concrete. Future generations will laugh at the pathetic stuff we built in comparison to the pyramids or any stone cathedral...
Your editing has vastly improved in the last couple videos
I think one other reason is how much our society values speed. I'm not even that big of a fan on neoclassical architecture (I mean it's pretty and all, but I don't think it's the be all end all, there are many other pretty stiles around the world and the great thing about humans is that we always develop new kinds of pretty), but what I like about it and other kinds of architecture that have things going on, is that you can discover them in a way. It rewards your brain for stopping and actually intentionally looking. More modern buildings with there plain one color facade, perfectly square windows  and a lot of the time just rectangular shape just seem to be made to be absorbed by just quickly walking, or even driving past them.
3 out 4 reasons listed do not apply to Europe. Why is it then that the political left (who strongly dislike capitalism) isn't committed towards building beautiful?  BECAUSE THEY DON'T WANT TO. The cultural elite has decided to marry modernism, and therefore couldn't care less what the majority of the population (including left-wing voters) think about architecture.   Of course, Adam will never tell any of you that because he 's a left-wing ideologue. He literally said that he was excited about visiting Seestadt next time he is in Vienna. That place is basically a new development consisting of more modernist junk.   This doofus also contradicts himself in his own video. On the one hand, he goes after developers for using cost-saving measures resulting in ugly, low-quality boxes. Yet, because he is Hungarian and suffer from Orban derangement syndrome, he critizes the Hungarian government for building quality buildings that will last generations, instead of mass-producing more boxes.  Which one is it?
Another factor that can make buildings and places look attractive or ugly is how they are cared for. Looked at old photos of my hometown (during communism) and all of the buildings/places were gray, dirty and barely had any greenery around them. And many of those buildings featured classic architecture. Once the iron curtain fell; places got cleaned up and greenery added and it now looks beautiful, including architecture many people find ugly. A well taken care brutalist building with greenery around it can look beautiful too.
We can start complaining about architecture once we have enough housing. Until then I don't care if the buildings look ugly.
you're taking way too fast and without  break
I don't need to be an expert to know a building is beautiful: When I look at the Taj Mahal I know it's beautiful, when I look at a glass dildo-looking skyscraper, I know it's ugly
In the US we also have the problem of cities trying to ram "mixed use" zoning policies down the throats of outdated use-based zoning ordinances instead of replacing those outdated ordinances wholesale like they should. Policymakers also often implement rules to prevent "monotonous" and "featureless" walls on large developments in dense areas, using a basic understanding about facade depth and "visual interest" to try and force developers to make "interesting" looking things.  That's one of the reasons lots of those 5-over-1s have those bonkers facades that seem to change materials and pattern haphazardly and constantly. It's to comply with those "visual interest" requirements.  Form-based coding would likely do a much better, if imperfect, job of resolving a lot of these issues (and allowing for smaller, less corporate-guided, and more unique buildings instead of the massive block-sized megadevelopments that are the mainstay thanks to how expensive navigating all those regulations is (i.e. small landowners can't afford the pricey attorneys needed to decipher the mystical texts)
My conspiracy theorist circles always thought that modernism was the epitome of whiteness to erase all the fun and color of non-white communities regarding color as tacky and straight withe lines as, well, white
With population decline taking hold in developed countries with low birth rates, factor two will not matter. There will be a surplus of housing. In Japan, you can buy a nice house in a rural area for US$25,000. This phenomenon will spread to the suburbs and cities, then worldwide.
we need more cats in the videos
I always asked myself this question! Thanks for rapping it up so comprehensively! Maybe you also find the time to show some good examples how to change this vicious circle
2:24 NOOOO! >:( Poor Cat
I knew you'd shoehorn rail into there somewhere.
I think the other reason not mentioned is adjustment costs. (Usually for shopping malls and industrial areas, not for living). The idea is that you do not know how the market will be in 10 years. Maybe you need half as much or 1.5 as much space, these buildings are easily expandable (or you know just pack it up and put in in another country where taxation is better). If you have a nice brick building adjusting it to changing market needs is costly.
Part of the problem is that these neo-trads like to compare timeless, culture-defining buildings, such as the Pantheon, with average, run-of-the-mill contemporary housing.  Y'all, your average, ordinary medieval house wasn't ornamented marble. It was functional. I don't understand why neo-trads think it's practical to build luxury housing everywhere.
Today I thought, “how will adamsomething make this about cars?” I was not disappointed.
I will still cry a Bit of how Cologne in Germany could have looked like if WW2 didnt Happen :D
I just want my Colonial Americana, Second Empire, and Italianate style back in America. That is all I ask for. The 1920s Skyscrapers well also beautiful!
Never thought Adam would ever advertise soylent green on his channel
I want to make a case for ugly buildings. In my city we have old houses and neighborhoods that are pretty, and old, and people likes to take pictures of them. Well. They are so strongly protected that their neighbors couldn’t maintain them and renew, so they ended selling to rich people that can afford the cost of renovations or investors that want them for airBnB. I would prefer uglier houses inhabited by locals than gentrification and touristic apartments.
Oh how depresive. Me who lives in a commy block surrounded by commy blocks: Bro ..
But if a lot nice looking buildings are built close to each other wouldnt that make it a desirable area
I do enjoy a mixed city with different styles. A inner city with classic style, commie blocks and modern buildings next to a skate park, small apartments with a playground. Being in a city with only classical buildings can become bland
I dub this "The IKEA Effect". Personally, I'm a sucker for ornate, old-fashioned furniture and architecture, as it feels so much more... home-ly than sterile, mass-produced goods that are assembled like LEGO.  But that's just me griping from my shitty shoebox of an apartment that I'm paying an arm-and-a-leg for, because—like Adam said—it's all about location, location, location.  */end stream-of-consciousness rambling*
I work for an architecture firm in the USA. Adam of course hit the issue on the head. Developers build cheap and fast so they can sell the building as fast as possible. No one has any interest in investing in a property except in the way that it can be added to a portfolio for a few years to accrue value and then be resold again.
Cheapness and maximising "return on investment" (ROI): it's considered too expensive to add all that non-functional decoration and it's so much easier and quicker to draw a cube/regular prism on CAD.
I ffing hate most of modern architecture. Especially shopping malls or new buildings looking like glass squares. Just disgusting. + I hate cars
wouldn't be an Adam Something video of the car industry wasn't to blame somehow
It is an easy answer, we have traded luxury outside for luxury inside.  Windows are nice to look out of.   Large metal boxes hold a lot of stuff and are easy to build so we can shop more.
nah chief commie blocks are the most depressing type of architecture ive seen. I would much rather look at a modern apartament than a ugly, grey block. It just ruins the city
This is actually a fcking question that I’m asking myself several time. Nice video !
I was just about to get real ranty in the comments when the modern art segment came up xD I thought you will get all caleb maupin on us here and act like wierd oldscool achitecture and art is objectively better than modern art/architecture. happy you did not
good video adam, still i disagree with you on the argument of mas produced housing, here in mexico we live a housing crisis too, and yes the goverment do produces "social security hosuing", which are called "infonavit houses", any mexican knows that an infonavit house is HELL, the materials and constructions are so cheap and bad quality that there having Documented cases of houses being flown away by the wind. Basically the goverment turn around the argument "hey people, we are going to bulid a 1,000 infonavit houses project, but it will be in the middle of nowhere, with barely any services or comunicatios, it will become a center of crime and violence in the lapse of 5 years and you will suffer from anxiety and depression, by the way, you have to pay it in 30 years with your monthly 336 dollars of minnimum wage while also supporting your family, and as you and your wife have to work 10 hours daily, your kids will be left alone and at the mercy of the crime of your low quality housing zone, they will have no privacy, all is car centered, but hey, you have a roof in your heads, so be thankfull".  There are many mexican and foreign articles that talk about this issue, some have tittled it "the horrors of mexican uniformity housing", perhaps some of the worst cases are in Nuevo León state, where social housing is being build in the dessert with no water service and only a 3 x 3 meters house for a family of 4.   So yeah, style and all has influeced the construction projects, and cars have been a great factor on this, but certainly ultra mass constructions projects are not the solution either, for  the lack of good designs and lack of beauty mexico has horrible places to live and many people preferr never to buy an infonavit house, because WE know the risk of it, for our money, security, integrity, and even our lives
*now do a video on why they put white leds for street lighting instead of the comfy yellow leds*
...enyway its a coutry life for mua. Cheeper land, a house instead of apartment. Sure the location is not as close to fancy utilities , but i dont need them, and niether do you. City life is unatractive and too expensive for me.
who cares if its bland? i just want a place that i can afford to live in
I honestly don’t mind the aesthetics of 5 over 1s. The only problem I have with them is the often lacking quality
The cat sequence was the MVP of this video
This video could easily be summed up in two words: It's Cheaper.
One more thing... property tax.  When you tax the building based on the value of the building a landlord won't want his place to look TOO nice, because it will raise his property tax and eat up a lot of the profits he could get from charging more in rent.  Charge a fixed price for access to public utilities and the land, and people will be willing to invest more in the building they put on it because it won't raise their taxes.  You subtly shift the incentive structure.  Right now the formula is (Cost of improvement + Increase in Tax - Increase in rent).  By switching to LVT you shift the formula to (Cost of Improvement - Increase in rent) with (Cost of land tax) being a factor that pushes you to maximize rent.  (Of course, maximizing rent doesn't have to mean raising rents.  It can also mean adding a few more floors of apartments, you are still constrained by market demand).
The "far right" argument is that the central government took control of economies from the free markets. This separated the consumer from the producer. The government made as many housing units as cheaply as possible, because this made their spending numbers look good. Government employees weren't going to live in these places, and therefore did not care how livable they were. So apparently Adam Something is from the "far right."
answer: capitalism
Shameless shilling of soulless architecture. very cool.
you have kind of contradicted yourself with the sponsor. Its easy to build boxes and cubes as it is easy to just down a green drink with all the nutrients
Everything is ugly in today's society.  Architecture. Art. Fashion. Music. Ect ect.  Everything is ugly.  This society is going to shit. Everybody is nasty.
what da cat doin
I think we also have to remember that buildings which survived, survived because we chose them to. We built slums and poor quality buildings everywhere in London, but no one thinks of how great the history slums of the city were. To us it’s survivorship bias. In a hundred years perhaps people will reminisce on how some modern buildings were beautiful and how we don’t build them “like the old days”. But it was just those we chose to repair and maintain.
I spent two years as an architect in a studio that designed shopping malls during the boom years just before the 2008 crisis. Our clients only cared about cost, cost, and speed. They gave almost zero shit about what we do with the facade as long as we keep everything super cheap and extra fast. We were actually free to experiment with the outer looks of the building, but realistically the time constraints and the budget didn't allow for much.
Beauty should not be conflict with functionality either.  The "Gare do Oriente" train station in Lisbon looks great. But you go there, and the cold wind drafts are a pain in the butt.
One more problem, that conserns city planning and development is that in many cases one developermay build the whole block, or several blocks. And because it is chraper to make design only one time time, they do so. To solve this problem, the government can split the block into the distinct buildings and give it to several developers. This will make it look differently and therefore nice. I heard, that there is such practice in France
It's very simple. People who are living in a building are not willing to pay for the extra ornamentation. In capitalism they are the ones who have to pay. If society as a whole wants to pay for ornamentation to look at a pretty downtown, they have to pay collectively to subsidize apartment owners unwilling to pay.
Bro where in Spain did you take those pictures at the begining?
No shit you don't need coffee after AG if you can drink a cup of that you can do anything
So basically another thing ruined by greedy capitalists that cut back on quality to maximize profits
In defense of modern building design from a technical level, the hung facades on most new buildings are easier to maintain and provide an air gap to combat moisture build up making the building more durable. They could be made to look like anything, and you do see some buildings with faux brickwork on the paneled facade, so it's possible in the future we could be a lot more creative with our building exteriors without having to rebuild the whole building (Vox has a good video about them)
A spare you all the video: You can make more money with cheap houses.  You're welcome, save your time, dont waste it on 10 minute videos.
Hi, Developer and RE broker in the US here. One thing not mentioned is skill and availability of labor. Pre WW2 manual labor for construction was abundant, now in US the fight for labor is ROUGH. I've heard people with children who live with their parents literally say, "I'm not doing manual labor". As a result, it is mathematically impossible to build the old way. Maybe for a private home, but for anything commercial 100% impossible.
Within 107,700 views!
Personally I love minimalism, so I don't mind the way these buildings look nowadays.
What’s ironic is that ugly apartment buildings like these tend to be some of the more expensive places to rent. So it crushes your soul and your wallet
Within 5 hours!
Building solely to maximize profit hasn’t aged very well in Turkey and Syria, has it?
6:08 What do you mean low quality construction? That is a picture of the single best house ever made.
Hey Adam, the current developments in New York (city) might be an interesting topic for one of your videos. In a nutshell: Overvalued properties standing empty, sky high rents and living cost, with costs and sale prices still not dropping, even though now more and more properties are lying empty aided by companies no longer requiring workers be present every day of the weak.
5. People just like to complain about everything, especially new things. People made the same arguments about the iconic NYC rowhomes when they were first built, and look where we are now
Inb4 watching the video, Cars are the problem isn’t it?
As an architect i have to say you are 100% right. Fun fact...in school they teached us how to treat buildings viewed from the car on the move. So in others words, your last point is literally part of the curiculum.
I don't understand the people who rail against minimalist buildings when they're done correctly. like, who can seriously tell me Habitat 67 doesn't looks like one of the most interesting place to live in ?
The South park joke made me lol
Not me, I appreciate a CVS pharmacy since it got some art deco elements. I also made efforts to appreciate a Best Buy  and a grocery store. (I think the grocery store had some Mediterranean or Spanish colonial elements in it , not sure though).  If they build a cool Wal-Mart, I would appreciate it!
Hello Mr.Adam something i know you will probably never see this but i enjoy most of your work especially the urban planning videos(as i am from the US) but i noticed you and many other urban planning channels only talk about how bad modern planning and American planning is, so i wondered if you can make a video about how "The perfect city" is and how it would function, lets say the US stop spending on military and stopped being insanely capitalist and Finally set out to create a perfect city, what would that city consist of? what would be the perfect type of housing, transport, how would you accommodate people on bikes that isn't just a green strip of paint on  a road, how will the garbage system work? is the Korean capital city with underground garbage pick up the best option? we look to many European cities for advice but they have built on what was already there for centuries and its nearly perfect but what would a new starting from scratch city look like and all the other things that cities plan for, TY so much <3 (EDIT: i am not the best a articulating my though so i hope the point got through)
I don't think the cookie-cutter 5-over-1s are ugly. They have their problems, but they look fine, especially compared to the many non-human-scale buildings that are just long, blank walls at street level. Let's not forget that a lot of old buildings we regard as attractive to day were also part of cookie cutter development patterns.  EDIT: In fact, the 5-over-1s ARE highly ornamented by modern standards. They have all of those unnecessary nooks, crannies, and material changes meant in part of visual appeal. It would be much cheaper and easier (and more durable) to build a flat wall that's all one color.
"Why don't we make "beautiful" buildings any more?"  We do. The rich live in them, just like they've always done.  The average home for the average family is rarely beautiful, no matter what era you look at.
I was actually ready to be mad at you, but once again you have calmed my anger with truth. Not every building is an expression of art. If this were the case, the buildings of statement would not make a statement. It's important for architects to be inspired and incorporate ornamentation and design from previous civilisations which actually blend in. The human mind requires designs which are a blend to help map their area and create identity. When a space is ready for a new sense of place the urban area can create a new design which can stand out. We'll ignore the awful mess of Dubai... When a place introduces a new building which is designed to stand out it should be done to progress the sense of place. For example, the Guggenheim Musuem. If everywhere had a Guggenheim there would be no point in the Guggenheim. The same can be said with the Eiffel Tower. It is romantic, a grand piece of ornamentation representative of the city. China can copy it, the USA can use it for a decoration, but that does not reduce the impact and beauty of the true structure. Neo-liberalism is one aspect, but the whole of urban design language actually explains the reason for designs being considered boring. Simply, to create a map of the urban area it is easier and more expedient to create simple structures to allow orientation and to enable grand designs to be just that.
Try going to UCSD for a bachelor. The whole campus is Brutalist buildings. You'll miss glass.
The empire state is art deco not modernist 🙄
But what if we were to mass-produce classical housing ornaments?
I deeply despise the way anything is built nowadays. Soulless and cheap. It's an eyesore, even looking through the window is nausea inducing ughh. Commie blocks have one huge advantage over new developements - both are ugly but only the first ones have green spaces so it evens out. New districts have none so the ugliness stands out even more.
As a gen Z I'll say this. I don't care about how the housing looks. I'll be lucky to ever own anything larger then a studio apartment.
It's a shame. In our street we only have old nice looking buildings and then there is this one house 3/4 in that's just a block. Just a straight wall up 5 stories with some windows in it. Every time I walk past it I frown, because it really dampens the view. It doesn't fit in and is just ugly. Really wish city planning would change and account for all the mentioned problems, so we can move on from this phase. At least in the city centers and close by residential areas, in which people actually walk and look at the buildings..
nahhh bruh did he fr just justify bland building disregarding dumb conspiracy theories and made up a conspiracy theory after the halfway point about neo liberalism.💀
Maybe I’m just weird but I actually like how Soviet block apartments look. They just scratch a certain weird itch in my mind
I mean I would fully agree some of the shopping centres look very good
why so many references to Hungary :D
Wish people would at least be creative I wanna move to the mountains lol
Maybe I'm imagining things, but the pacing of this video and how Adam narrates it feels a lot calmer than before. I appreciate that. I feel a bit overwhelmed some times by how fast Adam talks and edits, and this was a nice change of pace.
We could build more Commie blocks again as 90per of people are single don't want roommates or family n costs of rentals and homes are out of reach
First argument is bs. Pretty sure most people hate or at least dislike it. You don’t go for utter garbage when you experience a “change of taste”, you go for a different thing that’s at least tolerable (unless you are masochist af I guess)
it’s okay to be smart
Why would they make the buildings nice when people will pay the same rent anyway?  That costs money.
As an architect, modernism is held in high regard because unnecessary decoration is viewed as a paravan which doesn't really represent anything other than a nice thing to look at. Modern architecture can be quite beautiful, not because of ornaments, but because of the atmosphere and space it creates all by its tectonics. I absolutely agree that private investors are ruining our cities and quality of life by insisting on maximized floor area and that todays housing standard is far lower than in the 60s or 70s. Basically we're returning to the 19th century with the tiny living spaces and cheap materials, but without the fake and meaningless but nice-looking facades...
Interesting how people find old housing nice or pretty... I love modern and "sterile" as you put it. I don't like skyscrapers, but the 5 story modern apartment buildings that have a clean look.
"Pretty buildings or homelessness" is a false dichotomy. You can also be homeless while surrounded by soulless & overpriced 5 over 1's <333
It's economics, I'm a property investor,. People don't pay for complex buildings... well a few do, but most of them don't. It's not like I want to suck my costumers dry, I make 10-25% / year on my investment...
Nooo why do you gotta shut the cat out of the room I'm heartbroken😭
Bland five-over-ones are the least expensive.  So in a way they are the only thing that *can* be built.
Why we don't build beautiful buildings anymore - they're difficult and expensive to maintain and everyone is a hell of a lot lazier nowadays
2:24 That flooring: why, yes, I am from central Europe.
Tbh, beauty is subjective. I find many modern looking buildings as good or even better looking than old ones. I like simple shapes and flat surfaces. I can see why some people don't like it, but as I said it's subjective
I wonder if rising labour costs isn't a factor as well. After ww2 all over the western world materials became cheaper and wages increased, meaning that putting effort and time in started to cost a larger and larger share of the construction pie.
I find these new modern boxes very appealing :D
I feel ashamed for following PJW fpr a time now
I can just imagine a Paul Jospeh Watson type lecturing them with "NOOO, ITS BETTER IF THE GARGOYLE BUILDING IS BUILT CAUSE IT MAKE ME FEEL GOOD TO SEE IT IN MY WINDOWS DESKTOP BACKGROUND.... NOO MY ARTBOOK IS RUINED WITHOUT THEM WHO CARES ABOUT YOUR ACTUAL SUFFERING I WANT ART PIECES TO SHOW HOW LE EPIC WESTERN CIVILIZATION IS" fugg off paul, you pampered coastal urbanite.
Look up Tartaria and the civilization before us.  THATS why we don't have buildings like before.
It's because they're cheap to build, end of story...
5:14 you're showing Viktor Orbán, ex prime minister of Hungary with a building from downtown Bucharest ( see the Romanian flag ). I know you want to illustrate your point, but I'm not sure it was intentional or not.
Isn't there also the fact that the war also just killed off all of the experienced brick layers?
These d1psh1ts would rather 3 ornate gargoyle covered neoclassical apartment buildings to be built for the same cost of 32 "commie blocks" in half the time. Because having pretty romantic buildings is more important for them than actually housing the blue collar working class and their families.
Because modernism?   Ah, things are not so simple.
Someone with a Russian accent make fun of conservatives several times within the first 5 minutes and wants to sell me expensive seaweed juice....?  Of course I'm happy to stay and look at the rest of the communist propaganda. Of course. cough
That culture critic person fucking SUCKS! all they do demonize young artists expressing new ideas/pretend left wing artists are fascist idk they're psychotic
Vienna suffers under this very much.  The neoclassical old-town buildings always gets my spirit up with its white marble and elegant architecture, then i turn a corner and encounter a "modernist" apartment-block...
i get so sad seeing historic buildings getting demolished as i know nothing of the sort will be built again
I appreciate your continued dedication to educating the public about Groverhaus.
5:10 he unironically does this, the cker. Tho whatever he & his cronies build is public in name only.
"Capitalism breeds innovation"   The innovation:
The quality of flats built in the last 20 years in the UK is abysmal, even compared to ones in Eastern Europe. I was renting a flat in London in 2013 and, in a flat priced at £350-400k, the phone and network sockets were not working because the actual wiring was not installed.
I hope Adam does a video on Rail Force One!!! Biden train trip to Ukraine.
@adamsomething those nice buildings were built at a time when those houses were for the professional and bureaucratic classes of the time. Because most labourers lived in extremely bad housing, and chanty towns were more common than today in most of Europe. Also those beautiful houses were also in today's prices more expensive to build than those ugly modern apartment blocks.
I blame El*n M*sk 😀
Hot take given the labor implecations, but GCC's modern buildings with an influence of arabic/islamic facades and patterns used in designs are one of the best.
Commie block slander in these comments right now
You fail to address the supply of buildings. We might live in a capitalist society but the zoning is far from being free market. If everyone’s emphasis on looks are taken to the extreme, this is where you’ll get 0 new construction because it doesn’t fit with the “vibes” of the location exacerbating the housing crisis.
He continues the crusade against cars!
Am I alone in finding these modern buildings beautiful? I guess so
Paul Joseph Watson finally got his answer - it's mostly rich (conservative) developers
I don’t even like building ornamentation. I like the futuristic glass aesthetic of newer buildings like One WTC, Shanghai Tower or 30 St Mary Axe.
One important point I think wasn't touched on here re: neoliberal capitalism is the tragedy of the commons. Having a beautiful atmosphere with good-looking buildings is a surprisingly large improvement to quality of life for people living there. However, the benefits are shared across the population (the people who see the building), while the cost is paid by the people building it. In a perfect world, we could fix this by enforcing that buildings look nice at a municipal level, but in practice that's nightmarishly difficult to enforce and requires a great deal of political will that could usually be better spent elsewhere (especially given the crappy urban fabric a lot of cities have...).
Whole video ..... where is the trains   10:00 THERE we are ! 🤣
Adam, nice video but a dick move, the house you put up after the housing crisis (the one with an arched window that doesn't fit) is the Grover house, that's not a scam, that's a vanity project
Well there’s another reason for lack of ornamentation; steel and concrete.   Before we started building on a a mass scale with steel and concrete unless you had a large supply of Iron or oak you couldn’t build building with larger open spaces.  Since the advent of steel and concrete construction we can have wider rooms, larger windows etc. that tends to change the look of buildings to the point where ornamentation looks …. Well …. Silly.   I’ve worked on Mc Mansions in the past and they all ended up looking ridiculous because people wanted natural stone or arches with oversized windows and bifold doors. They looked so bad that I literally told my employer that I can’t I’m good conscience blight the landscape with such shite.
Two more: Democracy. The old big beautiful buildings were almost exclusively built by the royalty, aristocrats, or the church. Or by wealthy businessmen for themselves (they still build them but they do so far away from cities). 20th century democratized development, opening it up to way less wealthy. And the less wealthy will prefer cheap, industrialised ready-made solutions to hiring their own renowned architect to amaze everybody.  And another thing: taste. What people consider beautiful is usually the thing that's about 30 years older than themselves. My parents hate 70s brutalist architecture, my fellow millenials seem to have a lot of love for it. It's probably because when it's been there for 30 before you, then it was already well lived-in when you seen it the first time. For you it's familiar and welcoming because for you it's the way the world is supposed to be...
Please tell me 08:48 is AI-generated, fuck that´s disgusting.
Great content as always
Besides car-centric infrastructure discouraging nice buildingsfrom being built as you mention, I think car-centric places also just makes buildings look ugly. I have the impression sometimes that people dislike places with a lot of modern buildings. Not because of the buildings themself, but because these places often have car-centric urban planning (because of the time they were built). Then people blame the modern buildings for the place looking very ugly, where they don't realize it's actually more because of all the cars and car infrastructure that the place is ugly. I live in a neighborhood were there's some brutal style straight line concrete flats. But they are surrounded by big parks with only pedestrian and bike access. I think in this case the modern buildings come to their right in such an environment and are actually quite beautiful.
Adam Something out here saying "Retvrn?"
Adam sometimes has takes I think are overly negative or miss out on important nuances. This time, I think he's right on the money. From the clear and broad discussion of the causes of the problem, all the way down to acknowledging that ornamentation is nice while also pointing out modernism can be done well.  The only thing I'd add is that a lot of the 5-over-1 style buildings can be seen more as a first wave of new dense housing. We're in the middle of a housing shortage because of decades of restrictive zoning, and these buildings are more like commie blocks than high-quality housing. While they're called "luxury" right now, they will mostly likely eventually downgrade to affordable housing as developers get used to building densely again, and higher wage earners start wanting something even nicer. Right now those higher wage earners are willing to take ANYTHING if it means having access to city amenities.
While I agree on a lot of things presented in the video, I have a few counter-arguments to make:   1. Changing tastes. While the desire to reject old forms and invent new ones explains the sudden shift to modernism after WW1, it's hardly the reason for ornamentation being practically banned for more than 100 years now, especially considering how cherished the old buildings and neighbourhoods are. Consider the evolution of music, fine arts, fashion, film or theatre over the past century: there's been dozens different movements in each art form, each drawing inspiration from all kinds of places. Nobody would call you "tasteless" for composing a new piece of classical music, or one that's inspired by, say, Vivaldi, just because "tastes have changed and we shouldn't look back". And nobody blames Tarantino for making new Western movies, a genre that's arguably been dead for decades.  2. Housing shortages. That's a valid argument in a war-torn post-WW2 Europe with millions of refugees, but it already falls apart in the 1960s and it certainly doesn't work in the 2020s. There's a growing urbanisation trend ever since then and there's still a housing shortage, but it's no different to the extremely rapid urbanisation during the industrial revolution. The housing shortage back then was arguably even more severe than the one today, yet many neighbourhoods from that time period (incl. working class neighbourhoods) are now protected cultural heritage.  3. Neoliberal capitalism. I'm sorry to say this, but this is the only point that doesn't make any sense at all. Well, it might seem to make make sense on the surface, but there's been a demand for cost-effectiveness in new buildings in every single era of human history. This is why they used to repurpose old structures into new buildings instead of tearing them down - architecture is expensive. Always has been. The only difference is that with today's technology, it's usually cheaper to build something from scratch than it is to renovate. That's still no excuse to build ugly, though. There's clearly value in beautiful places, not just artistic, but also an economic one. Late 19th century was arguably more capitalist than today and look at the places they used to build for themselves. Oh and by the way, they absolutely did mass produce ornamented stucco elements, ornate railings etc. and they didn't even need the technology that we have. Think what they could have achieved if they had 3D printers...  4. Car infestation. There's nothing to debunk in this case: there's no incentive to build nice places if everyone's going to just speed past them or use them as parking lot. It's a very good point and an interesting observation. Car-centric urban planning is fundementally broken and it's going to take a lot of work and political will to fix this. Fortunately, there's growing public awareness and discontent which should help move things in a different direction. That will inevitable bring more attention to the overwhelming ugliness of modernist architecture, though.  5. "We actually do build beautiful buildings" - sure there are architectural marvels being built today, but you can't deny the overwhelming public sentiment denouncing modernist architecture and urban planning as a whole. For every well-designed and decent looking modernist building, there's at least 10 bland and ugly cookie-cutter concrete boxes. How did putting ornaments on your houses become a crime against architecture and good taste? A lot of people clearly like that stuff. Again... why don't we build beautiful buildings anymore?   It's not really "Adam Something debunked" since I agree with him on many points he makes, but I don't think it's useful to just throw are arms up and say "that's the way it is, nothing can be done, there are good reasons why we must build ugly".
Ngl this dude sounds like filmento
Where is that baseball field? Looks like a wasteland
Adam Something making a video without bashing conservatives and white people challenge any% (Impossible)
Survivor bias much.
I agree for the convenience of apartment buildings or houses they usually would need to be cheaper, but making EVERY building look as bland and depressing as possible should be criminal. I live in a concrete jungle and I constantly wish the architects around me could build at least something that looks somewhat decent to look at. The oversimplification of everything is a crime to people's livelihoods and nothing can change my mind.
Déli Pályaudvar is ugly af, man, and also barely visible from anywhere, because it's also surrounded by busy roads and an underpass.
Cities are supposed to be “viewed” through your windshield at 75+ mph or only need to look good as establishing skyline shots for marvel movies.
I call this new and current postmodern style as 'polygonism'. People live in polygonesian islands of architecture in the cities. Example: Ørestad in Copenhagen
Omg first time i saw adams face 😮
Tastes changing?  All these modern prize winning architechts that are designing their boxes live usually in classical and retro houses with little to few exceptions.  It has also been shown, in Poland, in Germany where there is movement back to "beautiful" houses that they can be built without the budget going through the roof.
I've wondered about this for so long but never enough to do the research. Thanks buddy.
At least you aren't promoting the Masterworks complete scam any more. I'm still not drinking the pond scum though.
The Grover Haus!! @6:10
The simplest answer is that people don't want them, or at least aren't willing to pay a premium on top of the already expensive housing. There are plenty of beautifully designed modern apartment blocks and traditional styled houses, but they invariably fall into "more than you can afford, pal" territory.  As to why housing is expensive, it's simply an imbalance of supply and demand. You can bring down prices either by increasing the supply, or cutting back the demand.
thanks again!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I enjoy the look of modernist, gleaming, monumental, glass towers.
time, money.
The height of building need to fit into the street scape. It wouldn't be bad if stepped tiers with higher floors and sticking to a less than a 5 : 1 ratio with street width. Also including trees in the street, and other green space would make environments nicer.
In the US an NEW ugly suburban house, "proof" of housing "success", is DESIGNED to last 30 years. Guess how long a typical mortgage lasts in the US? Someone is getting screwed and it's not the developer.
money
I usually agree with your points, especially about the need for human-centric cities based on walkable streets and public transport. This time around however I think you let your anti-capitalist side mistake small effects for the main ones. The first thing to adress would have been selection bias (i.e. onyl the best-looking old buildings survided and were continuously renovated, while the ugly ones were torn down or fell in disrepair). Another point I would add is that we haven't seen any evolution in the architectural space even in buildings with explicit "landmark" purposes such as universities and public offices, where the 4 reasons you addressed do not really apply. They still remain conrete, glass and steel piles with minimalist details. The "buildings as investment opportunities" I find to be a weak (not a wrong) argument for this reason. Sorry for the flow-of-conscience comment, but I think more reflection is needed on this argument.
wasting money is "Beautiful"
I don't really get why people are complaining. The buildings look nice and tasteful which makes me think they hate the change itself rather than the actual design of the apartment.
2 Words , "Property Developers"
I presume it's also similar world wide,  in Australia property developers just keep expanding urban sprawl with "copy paste" houses as I call it. House quality is low, house design is minimal,  urban layout is car focused, environmental areas are minimal and isolated, but hey everyone gets that dream of "owning a house" with a 2x6m backyard for your dog or kids.
Fr 🦅🦅nce
you forgot one reason: we luckily dont live in monarchies anymore. The royal elite just cant waste taxpayers money that easily. Best example: King of Bavaria Ludwig II .
BEST PART OF THE VIDEO WAS SHUTTING THE DOOR ON YOUR CAT
So we just need to send architects to reeducation camps, fill empty/useless buildings with poor people, and abolish capitalism and car culture? Great!
In my opinion, neoliberal global capitalism is the parent factor of all the factors why we don’t build nice buildings anymore. NGC is the reason why people see their real estate as their pension, NGC is the reason why regulators don’t regulate as much as they did (therefore low quality materials are used), NGC is the reason why businesses rely on overseas recruitment (therefore mass immigration, therefore housing shortage), and so on…
Good job, very true and well explained.
I'm so sick of modern
so basicly we live in a dystopia...
let her innnnn she did nothing wrongggggg 🐱
So when government cuts costs to deliver more and cheeper housing your frame it positively, but when developers, who are also providing that social service cut costs to deliver more housing at a cheeper cost you frame it negatively…
Bring the cat back, he probably could sell more green sludge than you :P
nutritional supplement sponsors, not recommended to be honest. Just sell some irrelevant toys or ridge wallets or something
As an architecture student i can assure you that designing buildings in a classical fashion doesnt require us to spend more on a given project. You just need to emphasize proportions and a harmonious material selection.
Because we're all gonna die and it doesn't matter anymore
after a lifelong building career i can say many builders are desperate to show their skills but all were paid to do is bland stuff as fast and cheep as possible . The worst thing was ripping down lovely old stuff and replacing it with garbage . Also your money is far better spent on decent food than any supplement . At least your not advertising vpn scams i guess .
feels over reals feelsbadman
Because: Bauhaus marxist movment.  It's far from WW2 fascism. Work labor is expensive now.
2:00 I wish I could.....
What's funny is a lot of traditional architecture we have now faced the same criticism when they  were first being developed like Brick and mortar shops and buildings for example.
This doesn't explain the recent sabotage of the Liverpool waterfront (and subsequent loss of our UNESCO World Heritage status). Nobody is housed there, parking is not a factor and the stuff they've built is to the taste of nobody with, erm, taste.   I think it's these three reasons:   Architects are lazy c***s. Town planners are thick c***s. Building firms are money-grubbing c***s.
because it once was impressive to make buildings.  It no longer is.  I don't get this obsession with the look of buildings though.  So what?  There's nothing depressing about the "5 over 1" style.
Also: Survivorship Bias. The buildings that have survived for a long time are by definition mostly those that people liked enough that they maintained and repaired them, rather than just tearing them down and building something new when they started to deteriorate. There were loads of horrible, shoddy, ramshackle buildings built in every era of human civilisation, but generally nobody felt attached enough to them to keep them standing for very long.
Also: commie blocks (...or just blocks, as we call them here) *CAN* be beautiful! All it takes is a little (well, a whole lot) of paint and some nice landscaping around them.  Because not only were they designed to provide housing ASAP, they (especially the later ones) were also designed to actually provide nice, liveable homes.  I think the reason they're getting so much flack is mostly that they fell into disrepair in the 80s and 90s.
I understand that you are talking about planning and constructing new buildings. Old buildings didn't go away though. I also live in Germany like you do (if you still do, I don't know) and I have seen a couple of the old buildings being renovated. I think it's nice that people still do that. So if you really only talk about new buildings, sure, they usually aren't ornamented. But some of the older buildings (Altbau) that still have lots of ornaments, they age and wear down too. So I think it's lovely to see that some of them still get renovated. Including the ornaments.
So they built a lidl right next to my parents house in Dublin, during the pandemic, construction finished up at the end of 2020. Its actually a really cool building, its got solar panels and a green roof, minimal carparking space around it, but it is elevated for parking directly underneath the building. The main structural beams of the of building are glulam timber, which are openly shown and are actually quite beautiful. Its almost got a postmodern cathedral style vibe to it.   There's an Aldi built in Cavan (out in the country side in Ireland) that I did a shop just before the pandemic, that was recently built (within the last 5 years) that had a massive tilted 'green' roof, they basically planted a meadow on it. While it had just been planted so everything was only starting to take, I love this integration of environment, of the living into modern architecture, I think this is definitely a solution to this blandness that we're seeing in modern construction, along with more public transportation and the removal of cars in urban environments.
Pozdrav do Prahy 😀
Most of the old MarketPlaces are in the middle of "Old Towns". They were used as center of interest for locals and foreigners. Foreigners need a clear indication where is this place, so usually it was in center and it was decorated, so to attract attention. Also, because there was no cars, people bought only what they can carry in bags or at the best - on horses. Now. those markets are used only for selling souvernirs for foreigners. And they don't buy a lot, this is why you don't need a big parking place near it. Also, some states(hmm..Califor..hmm) should at least try to build commy-blocks, so they will not have such renown sightseeings as HomelessRoad.  I prefer more to admire old beautiful buildings, than demanding new ones. New ones will be either looked as bland copies or as useless spend of money.  Situation with houses in some way got to same point as cars - optimization of every aspect for profit.  Only what I would demand from cities is just to keep all old building in good state. In my country, Moldova, many of them al already demolished, which makes the city feels too bland comparing with cities in Romania. This is a big "thanks" to what legacy Russia and USSR left to us.
I'm what you would call an ornamental worker. I build fancy furniture, bars, and benches. My shop has cypress ceilings, cypress work bench, and custom impact resistant window barn style doors that I designed and built. For me to pay someone to build all of this, it would've cost a million dollars.  I did it with 50k and 2.5 years of my life, lol.
Cute cats. I like the looks of non-run down commieblocks though.
I'm a right-leaning french, and i have no problem with "commie-blocks", but i do have a serious problem with the replacement of beautiful ancient buildings by new modern pieces of shit, which happens quite a lot where i'm from. It was an interesting video tho, except the idiotic tangent about cartoon-level 'far right' ideas that doesn't exist outside outside smoothbrains that never engages with normal right-wingers outside twitter.
The problem is that corners are constantly cut and aesthetics are constantly compromised until you end up with a piece of shit place like Dubai.
your cats are so cute
Hi Adam great video! What do you think the solution to this problem would be? I would say resolving the housing crisis should be at a higher priority, but if we do want to prioritize beautiful buildings, would having the government fund beautiful architecture be the solution? Or perhaps we could subsidize construction of buildings that have a certain level of artistic merit? Not sure how we could determine this, but maybe you could have a panel of architects to grade potential buildings on their appeal.
Actually it IS a conspiracy, or a cluster of interlocking conspiracies. The 'car centric urban planning,' for instance, is imposed by governments, which are, let us say, captured by representatives of capital- highway contractors, car manufacturers, oil companies. Los Angeles, the fountainhead of freeways and urban sprawl, became what is by selling off the 'red car' public transportation system to------- wait for it----- GM, which promptly closed it down and tore up the tracks. And, if you don't think the financialism of the housing bubble, or the entire transition of housing from places to live to vehicles for speculation, are the result of conspiracies, you don't know how the US government works. Whether or not tastes in architecture actually changed or people bought/rented what they could afford is, at least, a question. While Frank Lloyd Wright made quite a splash among some Neveau riche capitalists, the great bulk of homebuyers continue to prefer at least the crappy imitations of traditional architecture when they can afford it, and property tax appraisers put a high value on ornament of all kinds.  One could make a similar analysis of food, clothing, and automobile design.
That beautiful building you showed at 0:56 with Titans holding a balcony – I pass it every day on my way to work :)
Seattle has some if the worst new build architecture trends in any US city EVEN THOUGH it has a history of beautiful classic architecture and humane urban planning. Those days are long gone. It's turning into one giant eye sore and I think it has a lot to do with the lack of taste and aesthetic sensibility of the tech sector. They lack imagination and style...I mean when the hell is the last time anyone has seen a stylish computer programmer...never and  I've seen hundreds of them at... Microsoft 🖕🖕
a video about eastern european cities would be kinda interesting
I want Art Deco and Brutalism to make a grand comeback.
8:30  During that segment I kept thinking back of how public spaces (parks, community pools etc) have shrunk in favour of private ones (say, a mall or a private club). The market pre-suposes people are not interested in public convivial spaces anymore and therefore abandons/transforms them, which in turn only makes the whole thing worse.  So there's not art anymore, because who the f will look at it anyway? Who cares?
once I heard "Budapest-Keleti" I immediately flashed back to your video about the 2015 migrant crisis LMAO
Five-over-ones when built and designed well. This means with durable materials and with retail and businesses in the "one" are actually great. Unfortunately, these are few and far between. And in North America, land use policies make it difficult to build them where they are needed to increase housing.
Of course ideology played and play a part. Not in the exaggerated way Adam puts it in the video, but still.
One „positive“ side of the bland housing is fighting climate crisis. While your points stand very true new houses build to selfsustain mostly have to look in such a fashion as well to make best use of airflow, sunshine and all the fine stuff that comes with the regulation of those buildings sadly.  Maybe a last point on the list for the newest bunch of bland white houses in your neighbourhood that are single household or semis.
Beautiful just in a different way 😂😂😂 You are right but just in different way 😂😂😂
Cookie cutter homes are a quick and cheap why to build houses, but they look like ass. But what do I know, I only work construction
The question is: why did they make houses pretty in the past in the first place?  Why do those reasons not apply anymore?
Parking Minimums: A Downward Spiral
man i love adam something
I understand why American cities aren't walkable, but why are so many soviet cities car-centric?
Every one of your videos is awesome! Thank you for putting them up
2:24 FREE THEM I remember not too long ago there was a video going around that turned a very cute, unique-looking cozy house and "flipped it" cutting down every tree and replacing the building with a gray cube. It wasn't a communist plot- they're house flippers. So they want an INCREDIBLY generic house that will attract the most buyers, and in modern America, that means... selling to people or a corporation buying it as a commodity to rent out. These landlords don't want a ton of stuff to take care of. They don't want trees to rake and awnings to cause structural problems. They want a cube.
9:07 *fewer people
AMERICAN DESIGN 🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸🇺🇸 you don’t need pretty when you can have a warehouse full of thousands of unique items!! The American way! (Please detect the sarcasm)
But why can't beauty be mass produced?
As an architecture student I would absolutely love to design ornamented buildings, if it meant I can take time to be intricate and I don’t die because you get paid by project.
Please tell me you put Viktor Orban in front of a building from Romania (looks like it could be from Bucharest) on purpose 😅
Beauty is objective, but preferences are subjective. I find many modern day buildings and many modern architecture examples beautiful, yet i find the example of the old building you were given in the thumbnail ugly.
I agree on every point but the commidities. I live in Charleston and alot of people from the west coast are moving down. And thats lead to houses being bought up like crazy. Because of that tons of wooded areas are being torn apart and 5 stack apartments are being built in their place. They’re relatively cheap too, some at least, and i think are very necessary for people new to South Carolina and people graduating college. I can understand how and why it can be a commodity, especially for some people with high standards, but i think that there are definitely places being built that are for you to live in that arent good. Just a place to live
The answer is cheap labour: there isn’t any. You know what a stone mason costs now?
You don't need lots of money to make a beautiful building. You just need to have good proportions, and you can build a beautiful building with basically any material.  Most ugly buildings are ugly by design: contemporary architect hate classical architecture, and go out of their way to make a building uglier than it should.  As a proof, non-western countries (especially Post-soviet ones) keep on building classical.
The irony of the sponsor of this video is hilarious! Supplements are the modernism equivalent in the food world. Why don't people cook with real food anymore? What happened to the cultural benefits of dining together enjoying meals? Why would someone choose putting real actual foods into their body instead of pulverised overpriced powder passed off as a silver bullet to all things healthy living? Marketing, profits, greed, laziness... I'm sure you get the point.
Don't throw out the cat if you want my attention for te sponsored content.
Lol groverhaus
When you loose the true God and Mammon becomes your new God. Beauty dies because God is beauty.
Beauty is worth the price. Especially when its public beauty, everyone benefits from it when its there, and everyone suffers when its not. Damm the cars!!!!
how many cats do you have?
Survivor bias plays a huge role in this kind of nostalgia. A century ago plenty of builders used cheap materials, shoddy methods and careless design, for the same reasons as all the centuries before and since. Greed, laziness, ignorance, or because that’s really all they could afford. Only some buildings back then were designed with care had someone who would splurge on the finest materials. As time passed, the cheap buildings fell into disrepair both because they were cheap, and because nobody loved them as much. The cheap ones were the first to fall down or burn down or be targeted for demolition because, again, nobody loved them. The few nice buildings were preserved and renovated and before long became landmarks, if not treasures. The replacements for the cheap ones were mostly cheap and bad too, and had a short life. Not all, a few were special and could last.  Repeat that long enough and it looks like in the old days they only built masterpieces. It’s an illusion. You can have same proportion of cheap vs quality buildings in every era, yet see few if any crappy buildings from 100 or 200 years ago. It’s not that they never built crap, but it’s easy for us to forget they did because we only see recent crap, The antique crap has been replaced with new crap.  Survivor bias.
Actual modernist buildings are more expensive than regular buildings. Neo-classical architecture is old and outdated too. This isn't the Roman Empire.
5:52 'commodities to be bought and sold' is a nonsense point - if you want to sell it, then you need to make it appealing to buyers, and making it pretty is a good way to raise the price. You don't earn a premium by making your building look ugly.
In the US, neither political party has any interest in cultural monuments. Unless you count interest in destroying old ones. Neither political side wants to "waste money" on creating new, beautiful things for our people. That's a waste of the taxpayers money that could have gone to helping the poor, or we should have decreased taxes and let them keep it!!   EDIT: Or we could keep spending it on "Infrastructure", AKA tearing up and repaving the roads over and over again. Cars suck.
Ah yes, commie soulless blocks good, capitalist soulless blocks bad, Adam totally not being a tankie yet again
question: why do gouvernment do thing? answer: because money  why ugly buildings? money why no pretty buildings? no money why we no wear pretty ornamental clothing? no money why simple mass produced clothing? money why high taxes? no money why low taxes? money why welfare system? money why no welfare system? no money why immigration good? no money why immigration bad? no money
That praha hl.nádraží is so depressing
Another great video Adam. You should do a more detailed piece on Technomagic and how people handwave away stupid designs as ''technology will fix it''
There are few people in History I detest more than Le Corbusier
In my area they recently built several new medical buildings. They are very modern and absolutely stunning inside and out.   I have never been able to wrap my mind around why they would spend the money to do it.   Maybe because they HAVE the money to do it!?
Dissapointed that the video did not end with a train, Holy shit it did end with train
Nice
Adam teaches us in 10 minutes about engineering what college and universities may take 10 - 20 years to teach...IF they ever end up teaching at all. Congratulations on your channel man, one of the top 10 on Youtube for sure.
I think cats are terracotta of the house most beautiful ornament, completely useless but super a-door-able.
My hometown put a city ordinance for developers to comply with the colonial architecture. The buildings OK looking but are unique.
the question is will be ever get a new theme in future patches
It wouldn't be an Adam Something's video without trashing cars.
What I find infuriating is people who complain about large glass offices who've clearly never worked in an old office building before. There is nothing worse than working in office building with tiny windows where it's either dim or artificially lit all day, it's fucking depressing. I'll take my current "ugly" open plan glass walled office flooded with natural light any day of the week.
I think you don't put enough emphasis on how taste is formed by schools of architecture and experts. Research shows a great majority of the population still prefers old styles, so taste didn't change as much as it appears. Read ''Master Thesis AB Topolnicka · 2015 — Architect's taste: Do professional building designers know better what beautiful means in reference to architecture?'' (free PDF) to get an idea how students develop the 'right' taste. (I recently heard about a student who was promised a higher grade if she would remove a curved angle with a straight angle.) Another point to consider is that rich people like status. In the past they would build expensive buildings because they would leave a legacy. Money was not really a restraint in many cultural environments because social status was very important. Now the architectural elite will shame you if you build with ornament or elegance. Finally it is interesting to see how traditional styles are now left to construction companies who have no ambition to be original or refined. Consumers still demand beautiful buildings but they can't find the architects anymore, so they have no choice but to turn to cheap copies. It is very sad how this combination of social pressure, fear, stupidity and greed determines how are cities are shaped. I wish some architects would respect the feelings of the majority instead of giving in to peer pressure, but the world of architecture is like a dictatorship where everybody silently complies.
Why are all the places at the beginning in Spain?
The horrifying thing about that armored car masquerading as an SUV at the end is that they're showing it off outside the Segerstrom center. Which is actually a quite beautiful theater in a modern architectural style. That is hidden inside of a gigantic complex of office buildings.  I've been to it many times and it is quite a lovely building. But sadly most people don't even realize it's there :(
oh so this also could be solved with trains
Tbh this one doesn't look so bad 0:18
Oh BOY!  Now this is the arena I left. Let me put on my architect hat back on for a brief moment. Those bigger points you pointed out are great. The one about money is always the biggest one. Everything that doesn’t give the client money back is axed. You’re essentially playing with somebody else’s money. However, let’s approach it from the people that are required to be on a project after a certain number of square footage. Architects.   The problems I see from a design stand point are that architects are mainly about aesthetics and there’s usually a clash with the developer since all they care about is money. Architects and architecture schooling needs to do a better job of educating architects on the needs of clients outside of “they want a building.” This will help drive better solutions not only that but it will make the architect the voice or authority and not be shut down by the developers wanting things to be cheap as all hell.   The other problem is the tools designers use. A lot of the buildings are similar because behind the scenes the 3d programs we use make people lazy and think the computer is going to do everything for them. A lot of these programs do not like anything that isn’t orthogonal. So anything that’s not a box is essentially working against the grain. The amount of times I worked as a professional and the reason given for a decision was “oh it’s easier to do it that way in 3d” is ridiculous! We as humans built domes on top of domes without the help of computers hundreds of years ago!   I am so sick of buildings around the globe that you can find anywhere around the globe because they don’t reflect the context in which they were built OR designed with an experience in mind. Again could blame the programs we use since you float around in 3d space like a god and not like someone walking on the ground experiencing what you designed.   Also at least in majority of the USA, there is no history of buildings or building language to work off of. Not to mention it’s way cheaper to demolish older buildings than it is to work with them. This is how you end up with those ridiculous master plans that are not taking the context they’re in since there isn’t one. Except for the environment and even then they fuck that up. Like skyscrapers in the desert. Good luck with your electricity bills and water consumption!   Modern buildings and even some buildings today can be unique but I don’t think people care to do research and research analysis long enough to come up with a unique solution when you can just copy and paste a building…even tho that’s still a challenge since the context can never be the same for any 2 buildings in the world.   Creating architecture is not easy. And architecture doesn’t only mean buildings. This line of thinking extends to landscape architecture, something that isn’t considered in todays parks and recreation sites and it’s more of an afterthought, and urban design, building needs x number or parking spots so let’s not put trees or natural elements and just pave it over.   All that is too say, the architecture industry is another factor to consider. It is trash and I’m glad I left it. Now I can take that hat off until I get triggered to agree on shitting on more ridiculousness of the built environment.
Wait, you're so hot
"Why we don't build beautiful buildings anymore?" Me: "Hmm... Well it's an Adam Something video, so it must be because of cars" Nailed it!
Just one thing i'd really wish for with modern building... to have a sense of place, some sort of design consistency across a region. Something where I can see a building and confidently know where it's from, at least by country, maybe even better by city. One of the most annoying things about modern urban architecture is how you could literally cut and paste a building 4000km away and it wouldnt look any less out of place than it does now.
Reason Why We Don't Build "Beautiful" Buildings Anymore - goverment are more controlling, and little nightmare people are just buying them, inch by inch until its too late.
I've passed through Prague's main station thousands of times (daily commute) and yet I couldn't recognize the main building when you've shown it, because I've never *really* seen it. I've seen those smelly underpasses numerous times, though...
Your video was very insightful. I would disagree however on that spending money on factors other than the maximum units possible would be bad. Maybe it would be in bombed postwar cities, but in the hyper-modern era more is demanded from cities regarding comfort and public space. That's why there are architects like Moshe Safdie or Bjarke Ingels who make complex housing buildings with green terraces or vertical bicycle streets.
I actually saw some new Second Empire style buildings in a Budapest suburb, not even in the city center...now I wouldn't say Second Empire is the style I would choose for Budapest or any city in former Austria-Hungary, but it still looked pretty good. It would make a lot more sense somewhere in France or in Bucharest for that matter, but still, better than some ugly boxes.
If you're here in the US, you'll also notice most chain & fast food restaurant free-standing buildings are as bland as any big box store.  That's because chain & fast food restaurants make more money with real estate than they make pushing burgers and appetizers laden with salt & fat.  When I was young, every fast food place, so-called "family" restaurants and chain bar & grill had it's own silhouette, easily distinguishable from each other from a distance.  But now, the national chains make more money buying land, constructing generic multi-purpose buildings and renting them out to ether their own franchise es or anyone who wants one.  Most new fast-food places around here fold after about a year and the buildings get converted into insurance offices, accounting services or medical weed dispensaries, all of whom are paying rent to the fast food parent companies.
The answer is: Because its easier and cheaper. Here, buildings of middle class families shifted from older wooden windows with wooden frame and iron grills to modern aluminum sliding windows very recently. So I saw the change as it happened. Wooden windows have some personality- people colour them differently- like some prefer contrasting colours, others wooden finish and so on. The aluminum windows are not as beautiful and always look the SAME since they aren't meant to be coloured. The money it saves makes it all worth it though and it is much easier to install for the builder too. Win-Win for both for a little compromise sounds good.
While I agree with you for the most part, ie capitalism and viewing housing as a commodity create bad conditions for nice and creative housing. I feel that you are missing the point that a lot of old buildings are not here anymore, a lot of the crappy ones already been torn down. Also the old buildings we see are very often not that old because they replaced an older one that was  most likely ugly.  In my city we don't have a lot of old buildings (industrial town founded in the 1800 hundreds) some of them are churches and old government buildings or old mansions and stuff and those we try to preserve and I think they have a lot of value. But downtown there is a whole neighborhood that was housing the poor and workers in factories that were here before and are not here anymore. And the city makes a lot of efforts to keep those houses because they are old. I want to be clear, I feel they keep them JUST because they are old. They are small houses not well maintained, with structural defaults, are ugly, were made by and for poor people with not a lot of quality materials. Today, a lot of builders want to tear then down and build something else on the land because it's downtown so a lot of projects of appartment buildings, mixed used buildings are proposed but the city refuses all the time because they don't want to hurt the "lost heritage". I think it would be great to densify a neighborhood that is literally downtown and get rid of ugly old houses that we keep just because you know history or something... Anyway... That's my take
This video inspired me to buy a new F-150. Greetings from the DFW metroplex.
am I literally the only human alive that likes the 5 over 1 style blocks? They look better than commie blocks. I'm aware of the bad (I've seen the WTYP episode), but aesthetically they're good actually imho
Athletic Greens, as a product, is not exactly trustworthy. No offense, you gotta pay the bills somehow, but maybe research if what you're promoting holds up beforehand?
BECAUSE BACK IN 1976 MILTON FRIEDMAN GOT NOBEL IN ECONOMICS FOR DECLARING THAT BUILDING LONG TERM VALUES IS WRONG AND ALL THAT MATTERS IN ECONOMY IS SINGLE YEAR BALLANCE SHEET - GET YOUR FACTS STRAIGHT
It still baffels me that some people think the high number of cars is driven by the high numbers of parking space =))))
Before you speak. I actually wonder the opposite. Why did they waste hours of time to make small decorations to buildings - when there is surely other work to do. But maybe it's a survivorship bias, that the houses that survived from those times were actually those of very rich people and very robustly build houses.   Ok, now go video!
6:10 LOL Groverhaus outta nowhere, I thought this was about architecture!
Thank You for putting up this ❤ topic of mine! 👍👍
Commie brutalism
Needs more Cat!
I’m not trying to be the opponent’s advocate here. Nor am I splitting hairs but in an age of 3D printing, wouldn’t ornaments and the classic elements of neo-classical be, for example, designed on some kind of hyper-intelligent computer and moulded onto a modern building?
Beauty is kinda subjective I do think some cities with old architecture look amazing (Buenos Aires looks *amazing*) but, I do also kinda love the look of commie blocks because of the parks and living places around them  Buildings now a days blend with the environment, if you consider what's around them beautiful, then they are also (Also, quality and other factors)
They started doing it in fancy areas in Vietnaim and people there think it's tacky. So you really can't win it seems...
Not to detract from the other points but it really does feel sometimes like everything wrong with the modern world can be traced back to either investors or Reagan
5 over 1s would be fine if it wasnt for cheap material
I mean, isn't though the centuries mostly beautiful buildings are been protected and maintained enough for us to observe nowadays? Natural selection for buildings
Another Adam Something banger!
I honestly would love soviet style block buildings, we have a huge housing crisis here in Ireland so literally anything is better than nothing. Especially if that housing is cheap and affordable.
I think you found the perfect balance between the old, dry humour Adam videos and the newer, more exciting ones. Well done 👍
If beautiful means ornamentation, the architecture of the times reflected the society and technology. Putting Greek coiumns , Roman tile roofs or statues of gods on a modern building today would be out of place.
A large factor is what each individual person likes. Speaking for myself, I find a certain pleasing aesthetic in glass/metal structures with clean modern lines and softer colors. If you brought a builder from a century ago here, they'd be fascinated by the modern design language. This is similar to the UI design aesthetic that seems to be most popular today. The fluid, flat, non-gradient based design could be viewed by some to be "boring and depressing" but it is the standard and many people like it.  I don't disagree that elaborate, classical architecture looks great. However anything that isn't "the old way" is the ugly way is absolutely wrong. Tastes change, methods of building change. What about when 3D printing becomes the norm to build new structures and we have a different prevalent aesthetic? Will this look good then?
Laziness, cheapness & lack of talent.
I love Brick as a building material. I love seeing it, I love living in it. It's very nice
You can still build architecture which is pleasing to the eye and it be cost effective
great vid thx man
Ah, I’m just going to blame it all on the Karen’s of the world.
Because they would have to pay for it.
I actually quite enjoy the look of older public housing. It doesn't try to be pretty, it is pure function, and there is certain beauty in that honesty. They don't go out of their way to look a particular way, they don't try to be fancy nor do they try to be minimalist, they are no less and no more than what they set out to be- four walls, insulated, with electricity and running water, apply directly to human needs.
Holy shit commie blocks look worse than capitalist housing
Leave the cities behind forever.....build your villa rustica and enjoy life....Cicero said all we need for happiness is a good library and a garden....
Would the solution then be (other than finding a way to downplay the car somewhat in high density urban areas) by gathering certain groups of like-minded engineers and architects (with large amounts of liquid cash/material, or decent sponsors) to renovate or outright create certain zones that can be filled with beautiful architecture (of nearly any stripe, including the more modernist styles from the early 1900s?). If enough people and material were acquired, it should be possible at least in some areas (both small and large scale, urban, suburban, and rural)
It's not a communist plot, it's actually a capitalist plot
"Modernism" is quiet bombastic really, it clashes with neoclassism by beign needlesly ornamental, think art deco, are noveau, Gaudi... I think you are getting confused with modern/ contemporary/international style.
Minimalism can be every bit as beautiful as any other style. And some of us honestly love it. (Plus, it's easier to clean. 😁)  For those who don't understand how minimalism can look good, you can look at games like Mirror's Edge and Mirror's Edge: Catalyst. If you want to see examples of such architecture in real life, the Mexican architect Seinar has a well-mantained channel right here on YouTube. Even if you don't understand Spanish, his projects speak for themselves.
Where i live a lot off old 4-5 floors commi blocks that's become dangerous(or not) to live in are planned to be replaced with 20-25 floor buildings which makes me depressed thinking one day my city might look like New York with boxes everywhere...
Land Value Tax would solve this
Isn't a bit of contradiction to call housing both a speculative asset and a commodity at the same time?  I'd argue housing was more of a commodity in the UK in 1960s, when 400,000 per year got built and homeownership was surging, compared to what it is now: a substitute for real wage growth.
I actually prefer current building designs to neoclassical stuff. I think soviet apartment blocks, even have a certain charm to them.
I must be in a minority here. But I would far prefer living in an apartment building that's designed more for practicality; rather than looking pretty. I certainly wouldn't want tourists walking up to my place everyday to take a picture of my house.
I think that the comparison to fashion is a false equivalency. Peoples fashion sense has changed but most people find traditional architecture more beautiful as many studies have shown. It’s only the architecture and art critique establishment that likes modernism. Regular people want traditional architecture. Additionally, it’s possible to have nice buildings for social housing for example  town of Le Plessis Robinson in France. Poor people deserve nice architecture too! Also, it’s possible to make traditional buildings just as cost effective as modern buildings.
The problem in commercial construction started with precast construction as it allowed offsite construction of facades and was cheaper in terms of labor, materials, and time on the site.  Part of the good-enuf mindset.
imo, too much conspiracy in this video. The real estate can be sold for so much money cuz an average consumer buys it. People take a life-long mortgage to buy a shoebox in a lifeless brick. If regular people were able/willing to pay more for aesthetically pleasing architecture, you'd see developers and investors following them.
In order to design another Sistine Chapel, - you need another Michelangelo. And their kind has gone extinct, unfortunately. Long ago. Currently, the best thing mankind can boast about - is designing another smartphone. Bah.
Why bother to beautify buildings.  They'll get torn down in no time anyway.
The thing is, modernism was born in the 40s and is still being copied to this day, so by some people's logic, we are copying historic architecture
Capitalism. The answer as ALWAYS is Capitalism.
*glances around*  Hey guys and gals... I'm starting to think Adam isn't a fan of cars.  Don't tell anyone.
Other people's idea of what is beautiful often is just flashy junk.  Most non contemporary style homes in the USA are just that, especially rich people houses using quality materials.  Commie blocks that exclude cars and are served by rapid transit is just fine with me.
people rejected his message, despite being right.
_raises hand_ I... I actually like concrete brutalism..
5:01 I thought it was my belly making the sound >.<
OK, using Piggy in the video made me laugh. He could be a returning character.
Its funny that so many people blame imaginary socialism for problems created by late capitalism
Soilent green lol
Well, either way, i will always love to walk around the old city centre of Ljubljana, its really one of my favourite places architecture wise and i always love seeing the old beautiful buildings get renovated
Also more expensive building=need for more return on investment for developer=higher rents
In short: why bother making anything nice when the peasantry won't notice, and you live an ornamented chatteu to look at anyways
I love my commie blocks capitalism time I l-love my commie b-b-blocks.... why are my commie blocks yellow
I've been waiting for a thoughtful answer to this question. I've always assumed it was profit driven - and not much else. I've noticed that instead of interesting architecture, builders are using paint to try to make buildings look interesting these days. Ten story, concrete blocks with Abstract Impressionism painted on all sides is lipstick on a pig, IMO.
I wonder why AG1 powder has the same colour as pig forage vitamin suplement pelets?
We don't do it for the same reason we are not having kids - we stopped valuing it. We only spend resources on what we value.   Regarding the political take on this, NO ONE who actually understands what the government's role in ensuring that free market is not disrupted and manipulated by the players is will ever say that regulation is bad. It is needed for ir to work. Whatever we have is not free market capitalism so it's not reasonable to critique it based on current state of things.
I would happily live in boring square building that afforded me more space that a beautiful one that doesn't. It's not really about any of the 4 reasons on your list (although it kinda is). More fancy = more expensive and I don't want to spend more on less just cause it's fancy. I would imagine I am in the majority with this opinion too.
this aint it
I really like modern architecture but one thing I hate is the lack of character. Not ornaments, but character. I live in a house built in the 40's which was designed around the sun. Windows face to the south and it's different from the rest of the street while it still fits in. My friend lives in a house built only a few years ago where the largest window faces to the north (towards another house) instead of to the south (to the garden). Even if the windows were to face to the south, he wouldn't get sunlight as the balconies above him (which are always empty) cast shadows on to his windows. Modern architecture isn't bad, it's just the modern capitalists.
All those "ugly" examples are award winning beautiful compared to what we build in norway these days. Its a competition to build the worst functional and visual building possible.
Because it's cheap and no one will complain.
fuck 🤦    the other question is - why are half of the nice old buildings in the centers of capitals are abandoned , dilapidated and are destined to be torn down and replace by blend boring shit , cause make money
Great video, but right at the ending lost me have to say. Deli is not even slightly close to the beauty of the other two.
Literally you're the first person not to blandly blame "modern architecture" being soulless
Beauty is essentiell to our well beeing, kurzgesagt made an amazing video about it.
For your information, the soulless leftists want to destroy the West and its noble spirit as they themselves are part of the West but suffer from self loathing and self hatred. They reject everything that is good, healthy and beautiful.
because modern  buildings are just framework covered in cheap replacable materials. its like insulated stage props.
Another big contributor to the change from wide, ornamental buildings with arches and such, to tall narrow buildings would be internal rebar.  Old buildings needed to be built to avoid collapsing, without internal support. They would use arches and pillars as load bearing pieces. But modern glass towers just have reinforced concrete inside. No architectural marvels needed.  That being said, rebar gives us a better than ever chance to create beautiful, elaborate and tasteful buildings, but it's too expensive, so they wont do it.
Greed does not care about life... That is all
Firstly, it IS good that developers are using this newer modular framework that every building seems to have nowadays because lower costs ARE good when the structures are otherwise being built to the same codes and safety standards, and because the new style tends to be MUCH more well insulated and thus have cheaper ongoing costs.  But weirdly, the thing is that this "New Style" is actually extremely flexible in terms of exterior appearance. The facade of this type of building is just a modular set of tiles to partially protect from the weather. It's a wind screen; it's not structural and it's not even waterproof. Appearance is like 2/3 of what those tiles are for, and there are hundreds if not thousands of styles of tiles to choose from. You can get tiles that look like brick, wood, marble, steel, whatever material. You can get tiles that have textures and patterns and all that stuff. The developers COULD be making these buildings look a lot nicer. It might be a little bit more expensive to use a false-brick facade instead of the single color concrete facade, but it's nowhere near the cost of actual brick ornamentation. Plus the tiles can be removed or replaced as needed, providing easier/cheaper repair and making it easy to hide utilities.  I think the additional cost of it looking nicer is maybe part of it, but I think the car infrastructure part is the real issue. Buildings don't need to look good if you never really have to look at the outside from up close. Although, I do think that this style becomes considerably less bland when there are multiple of the same style in proximity and when they use different colors. You can get a more cohesive "Piet Mondrian" sort of look once you have more lines and colors.
The thing wich irritates me the most is that people always pick the best examples of historic architecture and the worst examples of modern architecture to support their claims that new buildings are bad and depressing, but conveniently "forget" that there were many terrible historic buildings and that there are a lot of beautiful modern ones.
Its kinda funny how the buildings Adam showed werent even that bad, where I live (Rio) the buildings are just plain grey boxes with literally nothing.
Polish modernism for me is full of beautiful buildings. I adore simplicity and elegance of these designs.
I swear the profit motive is the biggest fucking scourge (and lie) of capitalism. Sure, billionaires and corporations cause direct harm on a mass scale but the profit motive itself traps people into being unable to even concieve how alternative systems might work.
I personally like the simple architecture. And in Eastern Europe it's pretty standard. If you go thru villages you will see people building new houses on a similar style, it's pretty rare to see ornaments or other stuff. People like it cheap, simple and smooth. Most of the houses in Romania are pretty standard in that regard
LOL in Warsaw we tried to rebuild the city the way it was before to the point that we were using paintings from an Italian painter to reconstruct the place :D. Anyways, I think if we slapped some nice coats of paint on the buildings we do have then I think they can be made to look nice and not so soulless. Commie blocks and other modern building look the way do because they are just slapped together, left to be exposed to the elements, and then barely ever touched up...
Toxioplasmosis victim
The supermarket chain Morrisons in the UK used to build locally inspired stores (and still do to a degree), where they'd match the local architecture. So up in the more rural parts you'd get big sandstone clad stores or old mill and factory inspired ones in post industrial urban areas. They blend in far better than the typical metal box that costs a fortune to heat and cool that most other chains build everywhere.  Also I guess a big part of this along side cost is probably modularity. They can just take the same components and use them everywhere. This is easier to do when the design is rather simple and minimal. Your Walmarts and Tesco's of the world will have a bunch of predefined store modules they can just plonk in practically any space available to them and have it built pretty quickly because it's all basically pre-fab.
lmao fucking groverhaus
2:02 they are all mid sorry
It would benefit a city to help make sure a new building stands out somehow as a new landmark. Big cities in the USA like New York and Chicago use the skyline as part of the tourist attractions. Even something like an ornamental construction at the entrance can make a difference. Hell, Chicago's city hall is boring, but they just plopped a Picasso sculpture and bam, now you know you found the city hall when you pass by. Yes, these types of landmarks make it easier to find locations in a crowded city, and it boosts tourism at the same time.  In the same token, the same architecture throughout the city is just boring. Different styles, and especially unique styles, liven up the city.
Architect here, this video is pretty spot on.  One thing I would add is buildings used to take much longer to construct and were more or less hand made by an army of skilled stone masons living on crumbs so adding ornament here and there wasn’t as huge a scheduling or budgetary ask
In conclusion: Cars suck, capitalism sucks, modernist architects were sniffing lead paint, and the only justification for bland architecture is when there is a shear necessity to house people.
10:09 Half-Life 2 train station SOY
I’d say another problem is homes today becoming smaller.
you are throwing art deco in with modernism and that is not right
3:47 - He knows. HE KNOWS!
The commoditisation of real estate is the thing that really sticks in my craw. Not only has it been a bad thing for several decades and is still a continuing bad thing, it is also a massive can that keeps getting kicked down the road as there is neither the political will or enough votes in it for it to ever be changed.
I disagree with your point about cars. When i drive by beautifull buildings instead of ugly ones I do appreciate the beautifull buildings. I can certainly see the buildings from the car and besides at some point I am getting out of the car and then i have to go spend time in some of the buildings. All these experiences are way better if the buildings are beautifull inside and out.
My main question is rather why anyone paid for ornamentation a few decades ago. It's not like the profit incentives weren't there. Did everyone commission their own houses?
The most prominent out of the reasons you came up with is the speculative commodity > place to live.  No change of taste, cars or pressure for accommodation in my small town's historical centre, yet numerous ugly facades have been popping up recently.  It sells anyway, so why invest the extra money in beauty when the object will go to someone who is probably not even going to live there.  Depressing shit.
Imagine being a left/liberal/egalitarian/ecologist whatever person and still advertising your audience for some bullshit product. "I don't need coffee in the morning" no shit, that thing probably contains more caffeine than 3 coffees lol. Eat an apple and call it a day if you want your vitamin's.
Did anyone see the protests in Oxford because the city wants to trial 15-minute neighbourhoods?
I’m good with CommieBlocks
I actually think that we are literally on the cusp of a new era of ornamentation, but we're just not quite there yet.    New technology is making ornamentation increasingly affordable, and it won't be all that long where a construction company might just have several large trucks that have automated printers and carving machines that can mass turn out both interior and exterior ornamentation for buildings at a fraction of the cost of making it by hand.   I'd say give it another twenty years or so, and you'll see another ornamentation boom, and likely one that won't be limited to a certain style either.  If someone wants their new apartment building to be covered in gargoyles, they'll have a small horde of gargoyles whipped up in just a few hours.
Americans (and a huge specific group in America) just can`t get around the basic and primitive idea of affordable non-overpriced housing for the masses which does not drive people into poverty.
*Shows cool looking building* "Look how ugly and boring this looks"
Interesting that the right thinks this architectural style is left wing, I think it represents extreme cost minimizing corporate greed blandness which is supported by right wing free-trade free-market advocates. Glad we can both agree it sucks ass.
To be fair a lot of beautiful historical buildings replaced even older beautiful buildings.
great video and great way to get us to pay attention to the ad loll
Adam said he could think more clearly eating healthy, then I found out he loved cats. He was right.
By god, all the new buildings in Düsseldorf, Germany are depressing and ugly. Thanks for explaining the reason, now I'm even more upset :D
most historical building ornaments are just a cheap imitation of real stone facades.
Wanted to bring up the Budapest railway stations and how you simply can't get to appreciate Nyugati because the building front being right at the main street and the area is actually so crowded you have to watch your step instead of eyeing the area. Meanwhile at Keleti you have this big square to really get a good look at the building, even if it's also surrounded my main streets and a highway
when it comes to the ""style"" at 6:52, i think what i hate most is it being a farce of real minimalism. like, what made Bauhaus/Brutalism etc. cool was the fact that it was a real art movement.  so to see this mass-produced, McMansion-ass version without any charm or meaning behind it is offensive.  i point out 6:52 in particular, because it's more detailed than some other 5-over-1s...and that actually makes me angrier lmao. the ugly colorblocking and weird modularity, the recessed/setback areas of the building for more variation, the different window styles...all included to beautify. but, again, it's a farce.  i'd rather just have a prison-like rectangular with no ornamentation at ALL, if that's where we're at, rather than this nauseating attempt.  like, if we're getting to the point where AI software is going to be the thing shitting out architecture concepts, then i'd rather end the concept of design itself, rather than continue along this dystopian timeline.
I actually like glass towers, even when it's lots of them. But a Walmart does architecturally suck really bad. And I like the smooth white concrete surfaces in a lot of Miami's aesthetic, although Miami is not a friendly place to live whatsoever.
Those commieblocks remind me to a story of my grandparents, post ww2 (in the netherlands) they got married, and had kids but still lived in the house of my great grandfather, with a brother and his wife + kids. They got on a lottery and got assigned a newly built mass produced rowhouse, and they got an affordable house with several bedrooms + nice garden. These were built in like the 60's, but still stand (my grandmother still lives in it). Now people here complain about the copy paste look of the rowhouses, but it really changed a lot of lives.  And to be fair, are sturdy as fuck
A civilization is known by its monumental buildings in which considerable resources were used to express its ideals ie. St. Peters and then that trickles down…and our ideals have pushed out the very concept of beauty
Nowadays everything is *UGLY.*  I always asked me this question...
>And there's my excuse to talk about rail  He can't keep getting away with this
The important thing to realize about architectural history is that while nice buildings were preserved out of love, there were also a lot of crap buildings which were made on the super cheap back in the day as tennements, warehouses, low end shops by people like Scrooge which lived their lives, rotted and were destroyed without comment beyond "glad that eyesore's gone".
Probably the only modernist building I actually somewhat like is the Royal Bank Plaza in Toronto. Instead of being a grey glass rectangle, the windows have lots of angles and the density of the angles varies along the building. Plus, the windows gleam with a gold colour, and I later read that this is because they used actual gold to colour the windows.
2:08 it's Mac El Oliver!! Dollal exchange extraordinaire!!
Walk around older parts of NYC and try and tell me that brutalist shit looked more beautiful
A lot of modern sky scrapers use structural element as ornamentation. These are not finely detailed stone work that only people up close can see, these are large design decisions for people from a water front park across a harbor or opposite side of a valley can see. When building gets bigger, so does the decoration, making them look bland up close.
lol architecture is bad because of cars. Sure
"Cars don't appreciate architectural beauty, people do..." That's probably why people go sight seeing, in their cars, through major US cities.  Like I agree with all the other points, but car-centric cities feels like a massive shoe-horn for the whole anti-car spiel. Whatever happened to the concept and push of "take public transit in the week to work, drive your car for recreation/personal enjoyment and travel on the weekend"? Granted I get a certain element of it. Gen Z has no frame of reference for "The personal enjoyment of driving". For them driving is purely a joyless chore to get from point a to point b. I suppose Gen Y has some people with that mindset too, but there's still plenty of others with road trip vehicles and Sunday drivers.
Housing as a speculative piece was one of the biggest civil mistakes of human society in the previous century.
Considering that you compared AG1 to coffee, is that substance a stimulant? How addictive is it? Can I drive a car under the influence of AG1? I don't understand why you would peddle psychoactive substances here and I'm not sure if that's legal. 🌈
That’s because it’s inefficient, we should all live in commie blocks
A Délit talán már nem is kell sokáig nézned. Most ugye éppen életveszélyessé nyilvánítják az alagút egy felelőtlen építőmérnökre hivatkozva. Aztán, ha bejön a Kelenföldi, mint végállomás, a Délit szerintem ki is nyírják. Nem azért, mert a fejállomás gondolata mára elavult (állítólag tényleg az, de mit értek én hozzá), hanem, mert a Déli által generált forgalom értékessé tette a területet, és nagyjaink azt hiszik, hogy a mesterségesen generált forgalom nélkül is értékes városi környezet lesz ott. És a vasút által elfoglalt területet a rokonok közbeiktatásával "visszajuttatják" a városnak.
Taste can't be discussed when there's no choice. If I only ever sell you raisins, that doesn't mean you like them, just that you have no choice. Environmental psychology is a new science, but these spaces HAVE been proved to lower people's moods and increase stress. This can be alleviated with greenery, which is cheaper to plant but requires maintenance. The cause is not conspiracy, just the economics of the post-WW2 era. However, that's no excuse to downplay the importance of this.
I find it funny that the consensus seems to be ornaments = beautiful
My mother was born in 1948 in Frankfurt, Germany. She grew up for about 10 years in a four room apartment, together with her family and three others, so each family (of around 4) occupied a room. They also used curtains to split larger rooms into two to house more people. Despite from the fact that this was very stressfull at times (as families received letters of their deceased fathers, sons etc. due to the war, so there was usually a lot of drama going on which she didn't understand at her age and nobody really explained to her), she also had to walk through the destroyed city and over huge piles of rubble to go to school or go to the public swimming pool. Over the years the situation slowly got better as people were relocated to new houses and the damage in the city was repaired. She still keeps pictures of that time, the damage was really immense.
An issue I have with architecture here in Sweden is that a lot of old architecture was destroyed, which I mean isn't unique, lots of cities in Europe was bombed and destroyed during world war two... Wait a minute, we didn't participate in that one?! What happened? Turns out for some reason it was decided that a lot (and I mean a _lot_) of old buildings were demolished after the war (and primarily in the 70s actually, I think) and were replaced with newer buildings. Now, some of this new stuff is quite charming actually, especially the stuff built relatively soon after the war, it's modernist but not soulless (the term used here is funkis for this type of architecture), but much of the new isn't.  The thing that gets me most though is that it seems so unbelievably unnecessary to destroy old stuff that was already there. There's also something to be said about that you can't build new old stuff (and that goes for culture overall) once something is destroyed you can't get it back, a reconstruction won't be the same. History gets lost and you can't regain it.  Now, I'm guessing there are rational reasons for why this happened. Most probably it was too expensive and inefficient to maintain and renovate the older buildings to fit modern plumbing/electricity and other amenities than to build new houses. And fair enough, people need places to stay and we shouldn't impede better living standards for sentimentality. I'll look into it more sometime. However, we do have our homegrown conspiratory-right-wing-conservative phalanx who do think it was a social democratic/socialist plot to destroy the country because... reasons? Still, I sometimes look at older photos of cities here and am baffled over how gorgeous some streets used to look like and that they were simply demolished.
2:26 :(
Buidings also get filtered trough time. We tend to tend to demolish the ugly buildings and keep the ones we definine as beautiful. It's just like when people say 'they used to make better music in the past'. No, we just don't play the 'bad' songs anymore, so we they are not in public conscience.
5:15 it  is waaay too good that you used Orbán
There is an interesting exception to Developers choosing 5 over 1s - look up the Hiranandani Group. They're a real estate developer in Bombay, and I think they absolutely stand out from the rest of Bombay's modern housing. They build mini towns in the city rather than singular blocks, and their buildings are known for their Neoclassical architecture (in Hiranandani Gardens) or Art Deco architecture (in Hiranandani Estate). This often does come at a cost to them, but their beauty stands out so much that interestingly enough many developers stopped building new housing in the common 5 over 1 style in Bombay, and opted for Neoclassical ornamented architecture to compete. It's very interesting, and I'd like to see you do a video about Hiranandani!
I think it´s pretty sad, that panel appartment blocks have such a negative reputation. They are cheap, efficient and not that ugly, when some colouring is added. Unfortunately, at least in the West, areas with these apartments are mostly those with high criminality and many poor migrants.
I think taste has more to do with it than anything else tbh. People now days doesnt like overley decorated things (me included). If they did everything else that is not buildings would be decorted to oblivion. But its not like that, you can see the trend that everything has that clean minimalistc design.
TL;DR: Georgism is right once again
I really shouldn't be surprised that you found a way to blame cars but yet I am.
Can't we just change the facade AFTER we build the house? What's the point of complaining? Just change it into whatever you want. Not like its changing pipes or wires.  Decorating is not that complicated.
I always found the "form follows function" argument odd, considering that a pleasing environment in itself does have a very important function, namely improved mental health and even physical health.
I can't tell if my computer is having problems or if this video is actually playing back at like 17fps. :*-(
I've not watched the video yet, but for me the issue is not the lack of Baroque-like ornaments or Roman style architectures. What I've noticed is that the majority of contemporary  buildings sipmly do not belong to anywhere: you can take a skyscraper or another building from you city and place it on the other side of the planet and nobody would find it odd in that context. Milan, Nairobi, Delhi, Tokyo ecc... It would be the same building. No use of a particular shape used a lot in local architectures or anything. All the city could have be build in white and green stones and the new building would still be dark grey. This is my issue. Also using paint for decoration would be good.
That analogy about fashions in clothing is not very good because modern suits and dresses are generally agreed upon as being pleasing to look at by the same people who might say modern architecture is ugly and boring.
Is Grover Haus in every episode now?
I don't agree with you on this. In europe, the newly built districts look great for the most.
you know who could make beautiful buildings?  elon musk
Excellent topic.  On my travel to Buenos Aires, which is a city in recession but full of elegant architecture, I was entranced by the beauty of ornamental engravings, high ceilings, balconies, stained glass ceilings, almost in every historical building.  And people decorate their walls with photos and arts, and graffiti artists make neighbourhoods full of character (even if most of these are protest messages).  Upon returning to my prosperous modern home town in Asia, I was strangely feeling depressed -- it was the loss of beautiful scenes, and having only the ugly soulless boxes fill the streets, the exact result of the evil of rapid construction, ignorance of the need for aesthetics, and car-centric urban sprawl.
Yes, the horse and buggy generation were able to build the most extraordinary buildings, even in towns with very small populations, but the modern man cannot. Your reasons only tell me you have a very generic way of thinking
so...capitalims
I live in Florida, one of the most ecologically diverse states in the U.S and my god is it beautiful. I walk about an hour a day, but unfortunately the only place I can walk through is town since I'm only sixteen and don't have a car. I can't say my city is beautiful in it's architecture, but there's some nice parks and areas you can have a walk. I've always loved the woods, outside city limits, where you can just enjoy yourself and get lost. I suppose I'm like my dad in that regard. The nature here is so beautiful, with all of the diverse and abundant flora and fauna, the rushing rivers or stagnant ponds, the beaches (some artificial) and swamps.. I fell in love with the nature here and if I ever stay here that would be the reason.
Literally all new houses that have lately been built here in Germany have the same roof of anthracite grey shingles, are painted in the same strange off-white with a bluish hue, have cherry laureate bushes or hedges around their tiny, lifeless and sterile gardens and anthracite grey fake rattan furniture on their porches. Where does this horrible design come from? And why do they all voluntarily conform to this ugly standard?
I think beauty is subjective and this comparison is thus bad
2:05 jokes on you, I am into it xD
just mass-produce neoclassical ornaments lmao
Interesting, I always thought you liked those soviet republic houses 🤔
These new building aren't being built to last.  Every 30-50 years the building are being torn down for "something newer and more modern".  And there's this one German architect, forgetting his name, who influence modern architecture just square shapes and almost no shapes, no character, and definitely no soul.
Adam Something was a crazy catman all along xD
9:05 Objection. Actually, modern city planning tells investors to build smaller garages, because the city managers know that a big garage for hundreds of cars = those hundreds of cars will congest the city. Investors want to build garages, as it increases the price of their flats if a garage parking lot is with it. Selling the same flat without any parking space actually generates lower profit.
There is nothing "neoliberal" about the drastic restrictions on building that turn housing in america into a speculative profit making scheme. The neoliberal position is that we should build more housing and let it compete on its merits, which would result in a situation where building better housing is more profitable than just building any housing .
Some are actually great designs... But a straight up rectangle of concrete, glass and metal Is legit so ugly that you could get sick from it.
A couple of misconceptions:  1 - The rich always used property to funnel their wealth on. What happens is that the rich found a quicker way to make their property more valuable. Which is to REMOVE properties from being built in the first place. Regulations and norms made by lobbied politicians have made impossible for new affordable homes to be built. Take a look at New York's billionaires row. The developments in that place in the past 10 years are 7 times more valuable than ALL the affordable/middle-class housing that was built during the same period. And nobody lives in those places, they sit empty. So it's excessive regulations and control over what can be built that screwed up not only jobs and threw the low class away from city centers. In LA you can't built those cheap stilt houses anymore that "litter" the suburban landscape. Same goes for most of New York's box townhouses. So, surely the rich had their hand in worsening the housing market, but don't we have lawmakers to take care of that?  2 - "Car-centered areas actively sabotage architectural beauty"  Wrong sir, wrong. Way to shoehorn your pandering politics into a topic. Los Angeles is know for being city cut through highways with unbearable traffic. Nonetheless, it features trend-setting houses, almost futuristic PUBLIC buildings, places of beautiful scenery and a financial center that isn't just a bunch of cold soviet blocs like Philadelphia center. Everyone knows that recipe of car-centered towns like most of the midwest america, is a bad and costly plan for a city. But one cannot take your example and take it as truthful for every case. Cars provide easy, comfortable and quick movement to citizens, specially those who can't walk or bike 10 miles.
For anyone wanting  brief summary: Capitalism
Personal surprise at 3:42, it's my neighborhood :DDD nice commieblocks... (hard to find anything else in Salgótarján )
One crucial detail - why were those beautifull tenements built in the first place? Well, because of "disgusting capitalism". Only rich nobility could afford building tenements back then - factory owners, nobility, bouergeroise, etc. The tenements became a "d*ck measuring" who has the most money to hire the best architects and build the most ornate building. If you'd enter a poor area, the tenements would reflect the status of the inhabitants. In Krakow for example there is a clear distinction between the Old City, where one after another you can see how wealthy its inhabitants were, and the nearby formerly Jewish Kazimierz district, wich before the 2nd WW was basicly a slum. Capitalism was therefore the main factor why these buldings got built in the first place, and now however, as you've said - due to monetary incentives it's the reason why it was abandoned. And socialism won't be any different, because the money problem with building houses won't just go away. A solution to this could only be achieved on a societal level, where people would have to reject modernism to prop up demand for beautifull housing. This is however unlikely to happen. Housing is already as expensive as it is, and making it even more so because of ornaments won't sit positively with the already exhausted buyers/renters.
SketchUp! SketchUp! SketchUp!
Personally, I’d rather see more incorporation of non western designs into architecture. While I don’t have much of a problem with glass cubes, when those things become the primary buildings in every city in every country I think we are missing out on some opportunities to make things that are truly unique.
There are some stores in NYC in old banks and stuff. They are super cool. I went into a Duane Reed and was awestruck by the painted domed ceiling
always a pleasure to watch 🤓
I like the look of new american apartments
great video, but what about building codes? Don't know about the US, but at least in Europe there are heavy regulations on what to build and what materials to use e.g. due to prevent fire hazards or improve insulation. in my opition that's also one of the reasons - it would be actually illegal to do lots of stuff you see on old houses.
There definitely is also an element of architects and city planners approaching any form of classically-inspired architecture with zealous hostility. In terms of taste, the federal institute for "Baukultur" (building culture) in Germany does regular studies and surveys. These stably show that around 80% of the general population throughout the entire age range prefer or strongly prefer classical architecture. However, whenever there is a case of people getting to vote on reconstruction projects, city planners and architects try to stop it with all their might.   Just look at examples like Dresden or Frankfurt: in the reconstruction of the Neumarkt area in Dresden there was a design committee set up for all the not-reconstructed buildings. The committee was packed with modernist architects and city planners that used a just about still adhering to a very vague interpretation of their guidelines with unreasonable reinterpretations that went against what the entire project was supposed to be about to force people wanting to build classical architecture on the plots that weren't designated as reconstruction plots to build modernist instead (the most extreme example is the south-eastern plot on Quartier VII/2). Currently a reconstruction and restoration of classical city scape project is being blocked because after years of planning, a modernist in the building conservation ministry decided that the commie blocks that were recently renovated (and now no longer resemble the original state) were in their current state one of the cities most valuable architectural composition and needed to be protected along with the 6-lane street and the blocks' unobstructed view on the historic city centre... Or Frankfurt where the in the reconstruction of a tiny part of the medieval city centre only 15 out of 35 buildings were designated as reconstructions (some as potential reconstructions) and reconstructions were not allowed in the other plots even if people wanted to, those had to be modernist in rough proportions of the old buildings. After the Dom-Römer-Projekt was done and everyone loved it, immediately it was called a once-and-never-again project despite the surrounding area containing completely generic 1950s apartment blocks that have reached the end of their lifespan and either need to be renovated for about as much as tearing them down and building something new would cost, or need to be torn down and replaced by for example more reconstructed buildings (the latter option would result in a lot more apartments becoming available in a city with too few apartments to begin with). But apparently reconstructing 1% of the pre-war half-timbered houses that defined the city's unique look is "completely reconstructing" the city centre and protecting the generic 1950s blocks that there are hundreds of thousands identical examples of and that can be found in the outer reaches of every German city's inner cities, and that were designed as a temporary solution, are more precious than building more and nicer apartments for the people to live in, all inside nicer buildings to look at in a proven to work model for restoring a part of the very heart of a city to the way it looked before being destroyed. Or again in Frankfurt, the "Schauspielhaus" needs to be renovated, under a modernist coat over 3/4 of the original Jugendstil (a sub-category of art nouveau) building is still there and reconstructing it is very popular. There has now been a multi-year campaign trying everything humanly possible to stop this: making the generic 60s glass box set in front of the historic building a protected structure, gaslighting articles in local newspapers every couple of months claiming the original was completely destroyed in the war (there are pictures of it almost undamaged in the 50s) or that there is nothing left of the old building now (you can literally see sections of the old side facades on Google maps 3D view, and the entire original structure encased in a thin layer of glass and steel), stalling implementation of a referendum beyond the point where the city was legally required to respond, not allowing the referendum despite all legal requirements having been met when they stopped stalling (as far as I know legal proceedings against the city re these two points are still ongoing), ad hominem attacks on proponents of the reconstruction etc. I could keep going with projects in Potsdam, Berlin, Hamburg, Bremen etc.  TLDR: Examples of four prominent projects in major German cities were sabotaged or blocked by architects, city planners, and building conservation ministry employees that want to prevent classical architecture being at any cost.
Ornamentation isn't a once off cost, you pay for it forever, it's a pain to clean and therefor incredibly expensive. An apartment complex with ornamentation can bew orth less than one with it because you have to factor in higher maintenance costs.
skip to 9:48 for the actual answer
This video felt like Adam Something + Not Just Bikes + Second Thought
Many of the giant blocky ornamented houses in the video aren't beautiful in my opinion. For me they feel as soulless as the ugly modern buildings. For me the beautiful streets and houses are those with many smaller, unregular buildings, because they're looking much more organic an they create more interesting, more structured spaces in the streets in front of them, if that makes sense.
People love to hate on building codes but without them these new buildings that were built at the lowest cost possible would be even worse. Sure the costs the builders cut means that there will be expensive repairs and whatnot in a few years but at least the buildings won't outright collapse. At least I don't think they will. You know what, just to be safe, I think I am going to take a long walk outside away from all of these new buildings.
at such times you start to miss the good old days of Greek polises
The Jews
There is nothing wrong with modernism in-and-of-itself, however most of the 5+1 of the modern era do not even have modernism in mind, it's just sheer practicallity. Make modernism real again!
7:37 Hell nahhhh 💀💀Is that a McDonalds pharmacy?💀💀
Easy access to everything, affordability, green spaces, safety > “beauty”
I like the modern design if it's done well. Not much into that old stuff.
Another video where Adam focusses on his hate-subject „capitalism“ as the cause of ugly buildings instead of diving deeper. I do agree on the argument, that „beauty“ of a commodity will not be rewarded compared to costs. However, I think thats only one tiny fraction of possible reasons. In the US only 15 percent of property sales were made through or with investors.  I wanna give a few more reasons:  - Take for example architects today: They simply are not tasked to design houses in unconventional styles, and they wouldnt know how, as i know from a friend architect. They are expected to design the „modern house“ by their clients  - People building houses are not willing to spend extra on their homes looks. Or they just dont care. I have worked in the industry, and wooden box houses are trending, even though their blocky looks wouldnt be considered traditionally beautiful.  - People move more today than they did in the past. Modern work life demands flexibility in terms of living place. So it wouldnt really pay off for most to put effort into something they  might need to leave behind a couple of years later  - There are building codes where your house in a neighbourhood can only have certain looks modified or else it wont even be allowed by the city - The comments section gives a lot of other examples.  All in all, I think you should have gone way deeper into societal causes, other than screaming „capitalism and cars“. Im sure, people would watch longer videos.
The worst are postmodern designs trying to vaguely gesture to older styles on the cheap. Truely attractive architecture comes from having the courage to make something distinctive and for its place.
As an architect, every time I see some super trad retard on twitter talk about the fall of architecture I instantly know these guys know nothing about architecture and why things are built the way they are built.
Artful ornamentation is a huge plus for ambience, but today we are fighting just to get basic housing needs met, while the gluttony mansions of the guilded class rarely offer beauty or asthetics.
And then you don't even mention that all shitty and ugly old buildings have been demolished, because they were shitty and ugly. What we see is the best of the past. I understand there is also a rule of thumb that after about 20 years buildings start to look dated and people start to hate them, but if they survive until their 50s, they become classic. Hence the resurgence of the popularity of late 60s/early 70s Brutalism (thanks, Denis Villeneuve!) and architecture historians frantic attempts at protecting the post-modernist buildings from the 80s and 90s everybody currently hates.  And then there's the Baumol effect, which heavily affects the labour intensive building industry.
Modern architecture frustrates me a lot. It is a really depressing topic. Especially in the winter i hate to look at huge square buildings all around me. When you have time and just take a walk, you realise that these sourroundings have no value for life beyond consumerism, bare accomodation or as a work-place.
Damn, that AG green thing has serious Soylent vibes, but I get it, its a shake, probably healthy.
I really wonder if the proportion of people living in beautiful, adorned buildings has changed much since the start of the industrial revolution - the main migration has been from shoddy villages to ugly mass produced flats and terraced housing (in Europe at least). People that can afford to worry about how their homes look have been a small and static minority.
Hey, Adam. I asked ChatGPT the same question, and it mostly agrees with you! It has also a couple of additional points, though: - Environmental and sustainability concerns: Ornate details and decorations require additional materials and resources, which can be detrimental to the environment. In an era of increasing environmental awareness, many architects and builders prioritize sustainability over decorative embellishments. - Changing societal values: Ornate decorations were often used in the past to demonstrate wealth and power, but modern society places a higher value on efficiency and practicality. Many modern buildings are designed to be functional and efficient, rather than ornamental.  It's good to live in a world where you don't even have to think for yourself to express a profound opinion. I hope we won't see a wake of "knowledgeable" youtubers on virtually any topic possible from now on...
"every time I see a modern building I become more convinced that the world needs to do to architects what Chairman Mao did to landlords, but worse"  -a certain arts professor I am not at liberty to name-
Imo the Dutch and Danes build the most beautiful non-decorated buildings. Those might be just plain brick walls with windows, but they look pleasant to me. But North American modern buildings are abominable.
There is also another reason, at least where I live. When a developer does end up proposing something that's a little more daring in its design, it's met with a lot more community backlash than these unattractive, but also relatively unoffensive building styles. And in San Francisco, where it's hard to get any project underway, developers choose to go with the design that's not going to get them hung up by even more NIMBY groups protesting the project because of it "destroying the character of the neighborhood" Even when the building it's going to replace is something that maybe had a massive fire in it 7 years ago and has been sitting abandoned and falling apart ever since.
EDIT: i just realised that this video agrees with me, and i wrote some of it as if it didn't, because I started writing before watching most of the video. iam dumb.  it may be objective, but i still hold that modern buildings are uninteresting, bland and placeless, the same all over the world and that they should be replaced with a more venacular style (or even global styles like art deco and art noveau that offer more variety than modernism and allow for the home culture to adjust the style to their local needs) dedicated to the region, its a complicated topic I know and it does round up to taste often but i think most peoples association with modernism is overwealmingly negative. Even when talking about social housing and massive 60s flat blocks that already exist, there are ways to give them unique identities while working with what is already there. just a cheerful colour pf paint could make all the difference, and  those smooth surfaces look like their beging for street art (i mean the good kind). I went to birmingham uk two months ago and i was struck by those infamous blocks. I know that sometimes its more spaciously wise  and in some ways more humanitarian  to build this type of cheap housing  so people have places to live, but i argue that their are simple ways of making these hulking blocks that similtaneously speak of utopia and dystopia better for everyone and they just won't do it, because they don't care, because if they can the rich don't live in cities.   what you said at 8:15 makes so much sense to me, as this is what happened to birmingham, coventry and so many other places in the uk. they destroyed beautiful buildings and destroyed thriving comunities to make the roads bigger.
Ornaments on buildings are kitschy.
Land Value Tax would solve this
It’s poverty.  There are plenty of beautiful and interesting architecture in the world. Take a look in Dubai.  Unfortunately most large buildings are made for the poor masses, by uninspired architects, who are limited by a tight budget.
It’s unfortunate because even working class housing in the past was often beautiful and built to last. (Obviously not all the time).
One of the great issues of our time, as far as i'm concerned.
I don’t like people building those old classical buildings, they turn out like those fake cities in china and just look unsettling, idk how else to describe it. Also, all steel and concrete buildings should be replaced with wood
You are overlooking a lot of innovations in wood frame construction and energy efficiency. Lots of newer buildings are much better insulated than older ones. This all isn’t one direction. Things are mixed.
Reminds me of the pictures of the Old Cicinnati Library that float around on Reddit.  When people found out it had been torn down and replaced with a more modern version, they lost their marbles. Never mind the fact that mold was growing in the old one, it was running out of capacity for books and there was a rampant fire and savers hazard.
I would say houseing being a commodity and the fact that a lot of developments are all built buy the same company and are always built as quickly as possible are the main factors at least in the uk, the cars and parking arn't really a contributing factor. but they are in the US
Honestly, I dislike the old ornamental style buildings, it feels almost pretentious and as Adam mentioned, stuck-up at times. Also the colours on those buildings are washed out and drab most of the time
What's the difference between commie blocks being mass produced for cheap and US/European 5 over 1s being mass produced for cheap? They're both good because we need housing even if it's mass produced and cheap. You cannot believe commie blocks are good actually and 5 over 1s are bad actually. They're the same thing. Many commie blocks fell apart after a few years, but so what? Build new ones. They're cheap. Same with 5 over 1s.
I think it's worth remembering that the "Belle Epoch" was machine-gunned in a trench in WW1.
I hadn't even thought about the problem with expecting buildings to be pretty when you're never in a position to look at them anyway.   Rather than people choosing to build ugly buildings, we've created an infrastructure that promotes ugliness, but people just don't realize.
Everything right, until the moment OP made it all about his dislike for cars again. Thats why then at the end no one takes the rest seriously.
To be fair housing in the capitalist west has been a commodity to be bought and sold long before architecture got ugly.   The developers who built frontier towns in the American West weren’t artisans they were businessman, many of those buildings still look astonishing
I love how no matter the topic you can always go back to the old "it's cars fault"
It all comes back to the toxic practice of car dependency.
I spent last year working at a longhouse, an old Croft-Byre that’s now a tourist attraction. It was built in 1809 and occupied right up to 1968, by the same family. So it’s actually older than any of the Victorian buildings these ‘trad-arch’ types are so horny over. It had no running water, no electricity, the toilet was a plank across a nearby steam and the only source of heat and cooking was a central fire hearth that had to be on all year round, the floor was no concreted until the 1930s. Oh and ‘Byre’ is Scots Gaelic meaning ‘cow shed’, yes it was an animal barn with some living quarters attached at one end. This was the norm throughout all of the country.  Now lest you think I’m painting a picture of grinding rural poverty, the family that lived in the Croft, were by all accounts very happy, one of the women living there was one of just 34 women in 1911 in the whole country to go to university, and they were local and respected horse breeders. However, when I look at these ‘trad-arch’ profiles, I don’t see pictures of my Longhouse, or tenements, or shanty towns or slums of any variety, no it’s all marble and palaces and frescoes and- this lot are just fantasying about being rich elites, aren’t they? They can’t acknowledge the reality of how most people in the past lived because then they’d have to say   ‘Oh right, the only reason all that ornamentation exists is because most people were unimaginably poor’.
So basically there’s only one reason called Economics 😁
Modern "architecture" is basicall garbage (excluding some rare but notable exceptions...)
IDK, but I feel like these buildings are actually not bad, and if you are going to spend most of your time with friends, at work and in schools, it is not a big deal. Why should we waste alot on beauty after this?
Would be nice to combine the big glass fronts of modern architecture with shapes and ornamentation from earlier styles, like gothic for example. I'm sure stuff like that is out there, but you don't see a lot of it.
We live in an ultra complex, ultra fast society nowadays so even if our cities weren't so car centric, building heavily ornamented buildings would still be a waste of material, time, and energy. The problem isn't less ornamentation because modern and contemporary buildings CAN be very beautiful. The fact that many mainstream contemporary buildings are ugly should NOT let us think that contemporary buildings cannot be beautiful
So what you're telling me is that car-centric planning (partially made via lobbying in the first place), cost cutting, and the overall profit motive destroys culture, makes way for homogeny and lack of overall passion? Who would've thunk it!?
7:26 "As we do not mass produce ornaments"  Yes exactly that's the problem, Europe mass produced ornaments back in the day too, we need to do that again then they won't be as expensive.
I have the same question but about cars...
Don't beat around the bush. We all know it's the architects. "Architecture is something too important to be left to architects."
Todays architecture is in hideous, there can be nice modern building but Its pretty hard to find some. In my town there is 150+ years old neighbourhood that is full of older single family houses ints not that hard to take care of ornaments or replace them. Ornaments are not expensive, many of them are mass produced so you can buy them and use. There is midcentury styled nieghbourhood built in 70s by commies it looks like any midcentury suburb in USA, it looks nice, it looks modern and I would call those streets beautifull. Then there is 20 years old neighbourhood full of "new" apartment buildings, they look nice they have warm colours, lots of green areas etc. modern, but not an eye sore. Most recent development in my town is new neighbourhood that looks like if you would go to tesco and choose tesco value lineup for houses. They are cheap, minimalistic and functional. worst colours, cheap materials with little to none green areas only concrete, asphalt and single family houses that look like shit. For me most beautifull part of my town is functionalistic neughbourhood from 70s build by commies as copy of american lifestyle for chosen ones. Old houses look nice too, but those modern cheaply built houses suck even more than commie blocks, commies at least have a reason to build them cheap.
The idea of what is and is not "beautiful" is very subjective. I find the "ugly" building at 0:20 to be good looking.
money
Beware. Comyblocks have very small housing area (for example apartments with 1 room, 1kitchen, 1wc, from 28 to 33 m2 total). Latest buildings in my city have more floors and have similar apartments with larger housing area of ~40 m2.
масове житло в минулому було ще гидкіше ніж сьогодні. Доказ - дома простих людей в бразилії, індії, африці....
TLDR: Adam hates cars
There are some fallacies here, particularly about the durability of new buildings.  One of the biggest reasons we hear a lot about new buildings having durability problems but we don't hear the same about old buildings is that buildings built poorly in the early 20th century or earlier...don't exist any more because they were built poorly. And also many of them solved things like waterproofing errors or other problems early in their lifespan...just like the new buildings you hear about doing revision repairs today.
Five over ones as bland as they are are least they are mixed use. And I rather have mixed use baby steps than to remain stuck in the suburban urban planning ethos
Actually a pretty good no nonsense logical run down
We stopped building beautiful places because we are no longer beautiful people and that comes out in the things we do. Even if you look at car design, we no longer build beautifully proportioned machines with cohesive lines, everything has to be AGGRESIVE! The office tower is an imposing sterile block because POWER! Homes aren't pretty because you need to spend money on important things like Playstations and vacations rather than on the outside which only your neighbours see.
I live in Budapest, and I like both Nyugati and Keleti, but Déli is ugly af, and what is even more important, functionally all three are really obsolete. There is a project which is supposed to connect Déli and Nyugati under ground and under the Danube, but as it seems, my grandchildren will be grandparents by the time that project is finished.
There's some interesting attempts in making the "commie blocks" more interesting. The simplest ones I've seen are just using bright saturated colors as accents, mainly seen in Russia. Another one is putting a "facade", very similar to the old west type of "extra thingy-ma-jibs" on the front facing side of a building.
Cars to blame as usual 😔😭
I'll save you some time: expensive.
NOOOOO THE CAT GOT LOCKED UP 😭😭😭
What a weird leftist perspective, excusing the ugliefication of the world since 1945. Most decorative elements on 19th century buildings were mass produced and quite cheap. Having way higher productivity today we totally could afford to give some esthetics to every new build. Also, stopp lying, the commie blocks did not solve the housing crisis! In the 1970s Sovjet Union you had to wait decades for an apartment. You got it only when certain criteria were meant and living with your parents in the late 30s in a small apartment was often times the norm. I know this since my parents are immigrants from the Sovjet Union.  But in return most eastern european cities are now disgusting hellholes.
Because to make things beautiful you have to take time and care and put some effort in not just cut and paste bullshit.
Face reveal woo
6:24 "When the music stopped" - a sneaky Margin Call reference?
Same reason we don't make classic japanese muscle cars anymore, because the future is grim and we cannot have nice things.
Architecture is like music. Its a lazy take to say no good music is being produced today. It is, but you have to look for it.  Time always filters out the junk, and the good stuff remains.
I think another factor defining the quality of a building is ceiling height. If you take a closer look large amount of pre-modern buildings have 3-4 meters ceilings, while most modern buildings ranges from 2,5 - 2,75 m, excluding large office buildings and ultra luxurious apartments. A good thing would be if developers were required to construct at least 3 - 3,5 m floor height by law. That would be a simple way to increase the quality of architecture overall.
10 minutes of blathering. Thumb down.
I had not heard of the Eiffel Tower before the intro. I did some research and found it is not to far from my home in Reno.
That was a disappointigly shallow dive into the topic. The way you frame it suggests it's somewhat researched and checked. The reality is closer to 'why I THINK (most) buildings are ugly nowadays, based on some cherrypicked topics I like to talk about and some bits od general knowledge I've gathered over the years'.
Nostalgia also plays a big role I think. Buildings like brownstones in New York were also not considered beautiful but were the cheap mass produced housing of their day. It is only over time that we now think of them as great architecture.
Exactly my thinking, did you read my mind?
Oh, ok, it's always neoliberalism's fault
This dude's high. Words have meaning and in architecture "modernism" has a specific meaning. The Empire State Building and the Rockefeller Center are both Art Deco and the Eiffel Tower isn't even a building and sure as hell isn't a modernist structure.Wright's work doesn't fall into the "modernist" mold that Adam is ranting against either. I can't take this essay seriously as it's intellectually sloppy.
My main problem with modern architecture is the lack of space. They're big sure, but there are no alcoves and unique spots in the house to fit furniture it  Not chimney breasts to surround with furniture. there so NO WHERE to put your things  Just big wide open lifeless spaces. Its infuriating!
All excellent points, but another factor you missed is wealth. Are you looking at poor peoples houses or rich peoples houses for the two eras, or are you conflating the two? In many places the fancy old buildings were for the rich of that time. The rich now,  still have fancier houses, but they live in rich suburbs where you don't see them. Where I live (Cape Town) there are a wide variety of architectural styles, but the poor live in tin sheet shacks. Those 'boring' apartment blocks would be luxury to them. The not so poor have the worst looking simple apartment blocks and the richer you get the more likely you are to have a house not an apartment, and the nicer your house may look although tastes vary.
And the late 2010s and early 2020s housing bubble in China.
"It's a decent plot for a Disney movie..."  No, it's literally just the plot of The Fountainhead.
I personally like those ''ugly boxes'' as much as those idolised old buildings and they are far from lifeless, culture can flourish around them, in Asian cities (which usually have more than one city centre, unlike many western cities) popular nightlife areas are often ones that are around those ugly boxes (for example in Hong Kong or Kyoto), and anyone who is either from those soviet blocks in Eastern Europe, tall project buildings in the US or banlieues in France let's say, or working class neighborhoods in the UK; or at least used to hang around them, would know very well these buildings are far from lifeless (be it for good or bad reasons). Especially if there are places to hang around /pubs, parks, etc./, shops on the first floors and so on (which would not be possible in many US cities due to zoning laws and the way many neighborhoods are built. Also few more notes: 1. some of these old beautiful buildings in British cities are now pretty much shopping/office districts with lots of third and fourth floors (originally made for living) are empty, maybe because there is not enough demand for office space there (covid really helped with that lol), or nobody wants or can afford to live there or these units are held by absentee owners as investment properties. After all stores close around the end of working around, there is literally no one other than workers/shoppers going home, and people just passing through. The street lights are on, and sometimes also lots of decorative lights, facades are amazing, but I cannot picture anything more lifeless when I happen to pass by during these evening/night hours. 2. living in these buildings (old or newly built) is quite impractical, I once lived in one of the tenement houses in Glasgow (not a fancy building, but compared to these ''boxes'', I am sure some of these people criticising today's architecture would like them, even though they were literally boxes made on a massive scale of their era), the walls were too thick, ceilings too high, lots of things were breaking down, it took forever to heat up probably at a very high cost (I did not have to pay for energies fortunately). I now live in a relatively newly-built ''box'' with a short ceiling, better window isolation, and so on, and while my landlord/agent often neglects things, the building is quite livable thanks to it being more functional and recent. If this newly-built block (well, maybe 40 years old) was in the ''old style'', it'd be either in worse condition or more expensive if the landlord was paying more attention to what it needed. Our block has two 19th century fancy-looking buildings next to it (one was some corporation warehouse, one was/is offices), the flats are not much better, but I imagine upkeep of all that fancy stuff that is there (ornaments on the outside), nice carpets, nice railings, whatever, which you would have there if it was newly-built as well. The people I know living there pay much more in rent despite being in the same area, so no thank you, I am not missing fancy ornaments, as they don't improve quality of my life (it is not like I live outside on the street looking at them all day), and I don't miss paying more for heating just to have some nice tall ceiling.
I was just recently wondering about this. Will people in about a hundred or 200 years gawk at those commie blocks or current "modern" architecture and say: "Wow, so beautiful!"? Or will it just always be ugly?
I know not everyone agrees with me but I love well designed, beautiful glass buildings. A tall glass building can be beautiful too if designed well.
Solution to any problem: A train.
I always wondered about that
i dunno man living in a commie block country is kinda depressing to the extent that some old streets in Lviv from the Austro-Hungarian period look really fucking unique and distinctive
Well even with your arguments it's still ugly architecture.
If we designed cars the same way we design buildings, nobody would buy them any more. I totally hate the building style of „New German Tristesse“, which is only black, white and grey rectangles added together. They are depressing.
Commieblock in eastern Germany = good old Plattenbau
I swear that king Charles commissioned a town of entirely old architecture
9:48 First point makes no sense. There's a reason why people visit places like Paris and Milan.  Humans desire order in natural forms. Not uniform monstrosities
Interesting topic. Never thought of ornaments and building aesthetics this way.
Appreciate the call out to rail in the end!
Can you make your ideal city in a game like city skyline or something similar ?
The "commie blocks" in Europe (and not only in the Eastern Bloc) were designed to be liveable cities or suburbs, with shops, postal offices, bank and other service available within walking distance from every apartment. They had relatively large communal green areas as well. With all the modern luxuries of running hot and cold water, electricity and access to a spacious laundry room (often in the cellar, and sometimes in free standing houses) these really helped the house wife in her daily chores. No need to write a note to her husband what to buy on his way home from work (phones? Yes, you had them, but calling him at work? Only if you forgot something important.). Of course, now she could shop during the day.  And for the kids there were playgrounds (as if the trees and the green areas weren't enough).  Cars (in wealthier countries and areas) could be parked nearby,. but they did no intrude on the walking space.   These were far from the soulless dead spaces modern cities present.  Of course, these mass produced houses made in the 1960s and 1970s only have about a fifty year life span, they were not made to last centuries. So now they are all falling apart, maintenance costs skyrocket and the previous landlords do their best to sell them.
i like the look of the new buildings ...
:pray: these are the problems of our city time, I hope they will be solved sometime down the line in a few decades at least a bit.. Don't have high hopes but I love when people aknowledge it
Dude I prefer the new apartments because they are really easy to maintain and the lack of crevices makes them really easier to clean plus I like the big windows but I agree with rest of the video
Is your name a reference to the synthwave artist?
Отличный контент! Но мне кажется панельные советские дома плохи в плане использования пространства. Можно строить 4-5 этажные дома плотнее и создавать дворы внутри, общественные места будут достаточно освещены, первые этажи можно отдавать частным предпринимателям. В сочетании же с нормальным общественным транспортом будет вообще отлично. Панельные многоэтажные дома и огромное пустое пространство (обычно оно пустое) подавляют психологически. Ровно то же количество людей можно разместить при более плотной застройке.
Adam, glass boxes can absolutely look inspired! Look into the Miesian Moderne architecture movement. Here in Chicago we have lots of beautiful modern architecture
Nostalgia ain't wot it used to be.
You're walking through beautiful downtown, you turn a corner and all of a sudden... It's the USA!
I agree with almost everything you said here, and I hate the giant metal boxes of today's architecture, but my mom will absolutely stand around the  local Walmart and talk forever.
3 is complete BS, for the following reasons:  One: the 5 over one is actually pretty decent-looking.   Two: 5 over ones are actually pretty well built. We generally have competent and effective building code enforcement in the US, unlike in Europe.   Three: the 5 over ones exist for the same reason as the commie block. We have a crippling housing shortage, especially of dense housing. The 5 over 1 exists to help rectify that.   4: housing has always been a commodity since the beginning of the industrial era. That’s how all of the pretty stuff was built.   Five: we do still get excellent architecture in the US in certain areas. I live in Arlington VA and we’re getting some beautiful high rise housing in the coming years. There’ll be one that’s a red-faced tower with burnished bronze highlights, one that’ll have an art-deco vibe, and one made of green brick with industrial-looking windows, just to name a few in my neighborhood. A bunch of the buildings where I live are clad in brick and stone, and they’re all modern and built in the 21st century.   That said, the point about parking minimums is excellent. Thanks to some hard work by the local YIMBYs, the county board is allowing the local developer to put a bunch of new housing on some old parking lots and triple the density of the area. (And the whole area is right near a metro station, which is even better)
The best part is when you convince the buyers that the cheap, bland, and easily constructed is objectively "better".  Watching about 15 minutes of one of those home buying shows on TV will show you that is what Karen prefers.
Let me guess: efficiency, because, there is a little problem, building is kind of expensive, and... you know, we live in a time when stuff is getting more and more expensive because of really dumb problems.   Anyway... I think I know how to fix this problem: make everything plain, boxy, and sharp, next, bring paint, a lot of it, third, something, and the end result is going to be beautiful.  Also, add vegetation, that one is almost free.
5:05 I would unironically be in favor of that.
🤡🤡🤡
I guess I’m super low class, the “ugly modern” apartments look like luxury buildings to me 😅
You just made me appreciate the latest neo classical shopping complex which opened in my city.
this is the question i am asking myself for days...
At 9:58, 3 and 4 yes, 1 and 2 no.
Put your cats in more videos.
Changing tastes my ass. Nobody likes this shit, except for narcissistic intellectuals who believe beauty is entirely subjective (fuck you its not). Nobody likes business suits either, but somewhere along the way the old things that everyone preferred just became unacceptable to use. Nobody wants to be the one person who deviates from the trend of bland aesthetic mush because they don't want to look like an autistic weirdo.
You will not fool me with your sensible points and logic, communist!
nice Grover house plug
Just a reminder to everyone, we architects want to design beautiful and interesting buildings but the people with the money is who ultimately decides, we have to fight for every penny spent in something considered superfluous
Amazing that the discussion here is "who screw this up" instead of arguing in favor or against the thing in question. When the right and the left can agree on something, you can know for sure that thing is a problem. Honestly, a little bird just passed and sang along, I used to think that I was miserable for living in a small city, only now years later I came back from the big city and realized how beautiful my parent's house is. I think my advice would be to just abandon the bigger cities and go live in small ones, maybe around 500.000 people as the sweet spot. I have travel a lot and in my opinion, when you start talking millions of people misery is inevitable. Is sad, but there is no way politicians would do something about it...
Palace of Culture used to be Warsaw's Eiffel's Tower. The most recognisible buliding in the city, but hated by locals, because it looks horrible. Now it doesn't even look bad. They've managed to make it look amazing, by simply buliding something hideus. It's a modern art museum, and it looks like a box for shoes in a supermarket.
I will physically fight anyone who says that Fallingwater isn't a beautiful building.
i don't know what to say, I actually like those designs 00:10 - 00:20
And building codes. Try to build a Fachwerk/half-timbered house today in Germany. Not. Fun. The building regulation office will throw so many boulders your way that you rather go with the concrete "Minecraft" look.
Isnt it also cheaper to build plain looking building?
DON'T BUY AG1
Y'know, maybe I'm uncultured, but I don't think the minimalist and modernist buildings of today are all that bad. They're not classically beautiful, sure, but I like the clean, modern aesthetic. 😁
6:08 Don't think I didn't notice Groverhaus :P
Hiranandani is doing great work in India but their facade should reflect Indian templates instead of French
3:55 We get you hate being White bro. Chill
That's why we should admit that building residential areas on private money was a mistake.
And many public housing complexes in Brazil have giant graffiti walls that make them much more interesting and beautiful. Cheap, functional without sacrificing the architecture.
i think only japanese cities are able to look good with those modern buildings
You can say what you want, bro, none of this changes my impression that bland architecture still looks bland. Soviet classicism is still everywhere here in Berlin and it's terrible. And not just because those things were forced upon us. I can absolutely understand people thinking they look dystopian. Everything is the same. Everything is reduced on its essentials, stripped of anything that could lead to an identity. Every other daycare looks like it has come out of a catalogue. I guess it's interesting that this design helped people through a housing crisis 80 years ago or whatever, but as you said: tastes change. Maybe we could allow them to change again and do things that are a bit... more. I believe there is more to architecture and city planning and civilization in general than just functionality and cost efficiency. But maybe I'm just not cynical enough, I dunno.
I don't mind the plane boxy building design, but I don't like the colors they pick for these buildings most of the time. Also, depending on how blocky the building design is, these buildings are more prone to rain-water leaks which could damage the building and drive up maintenance costs.
Because it's cheap and quick to build. That's all
1:20 is it me, or he looks like KSI?
I think everybody knew this. This explanation is in the same category as why is water wet.
Very good video. I feel like the least that modern architecture can do is add some more color. Most of the time its drab greys and browns, which is depressing, but adding in some yellow or green (excluding plants) could be refreshing and help to break up the cityscape.
Yes and then they build "modern art" in front of them for 10s of millions...
I would like to point out that cookie-cutter housing has been a feature of American suburbia since the 1950s, and suburbia owes its existence to a bit of class fetishism, a bit of racism, and capitalism.   In Colorado, developers have successfully fought off any attempt to regulate where housing is built and what amenities need to be planned for - and everything is built around driving.  There is a decent public transportation system in Denver, but outside of the metro area, you must own a car to live.  One car per adult in the household, generally.  See the song, "Little Boxes" written in 1962 and released in 1963!
Ah, it always comes down to those darn pesky cars!
It’s just me or all the new building you showed at 0:08  are all pretty neat and I actually like them a lot?
People don't value art like they use to.
There's nothing wrong with modern architecture. Either you like it or not, stop saying your opinion is right, its not. None of your arguments hold
Come on, Adam. If I was in power with bad intent and wanted to leverage cultures and societies to be more pliant to change according to my vision, I would absolutely want architecture to be as soulless and culturally vacuous as possible. I'm not saying that your other points are wrong (in fact, I think your insight is good in that respect), but to just dismiss the idea outright is at best negligent. I'm not saying that nefarious interests have to even play a MAJOR part of why modern architecture tends to suck, but architecture is powerful, and it has a real influence on people. And where power is, people will try to abuse and misuse it.
Lol even the negative examples shown at the beginning are way more beautiful and pleasant to look at than basically everything that was built in Germany after WW2 up until the early 2000s (exceptions do exist ofc). Instead we build houses that consist of four walls with some windows and a roof. No decorative features at all, except the paint on the wall. Some people feel adventurious and go for a modernist Bauhaus style (too many nowadays in my opinion), which at least has some kind of style instead of the equivalent what a 4 year old child draws when you ask him what a house looks like. The most beautiful houses we get here imo are the Nordic (specifically Swedish) style wooden houses, but those are rare since wood requires maintenance.
I always assumed there is at least one more reason: old ugly buildings get destroyed over time and only beautiful buildings survive
Commodification of all architecture products is also reignforced by the financing industry: the bank that will lend you the $, is a "partner" in your for-profit Architectural project. Their "hammer" is tuned to minimizing risk, and they will hit all the "nails" with that trying to equalize them. Even if the main owner/investor etc, decides to go full ornamentation, increasing the $ per unit area, the "partner" investors might not agree with that: "dude, why "try-hard it" ?" There is a housing crisis, "we" will rent every unit regardless...adding 10% extra cost will wont warrant 10% higher rent, so...there you go.   Also, ontop of car-centric zoning codes increasing the cost for housing by necessitating the construction of pretty much as much parking garage area for every single unit in a suburban mega-building in the US, their "design guidelines" for aesthetics are very descriptive and "boiler plate": all buildings are looking the same because are designed to meet more-or-less the same recipe standards. "Oh, articulate every 20 feet this, different color every 40 feet that", all to satisfy the impression some street in Rome or a medieval french village left to that fresh out of school future city official that visited Europe for month or so in his early 20s.  Pre and post industrial revolution planners in Europe "achieved" buildings the size of blocks to look as if they were made the same time or same era by the same hands, now we artificially try to break things up to force the impression that city blocks are a collection of small buildings...5-over-1, but "narrow" is OK i guess.
Are 5-over-1s' quality really questionable? I think reducing the cost of building is a good thing, right?
"Changing tastes" Bro I do NOT care, modern tastes are trash "Housing shortages" Okay then AT LEAST make SOME effort to not make those appartments look like shit. I'm sure it won't cost that much more. Plus it's not like there aren't still homeless people around "Capitalism" Capitalism was around when they were building ornamented appartments in the early 20th century. The actual problem is the deregulated financial system. Don't think communism will make housing look pretty "Cars" Fuck cars
SOVIET HOUSING BLOCKS WHERE GOOD ACTUALLY. What we in the western west dont remember is that the people living in them generay didnt have flowing water, central heating, or even a non tatch roof before than.  Yes they are esthetically  unpleasing but the rise in living standards was immense and they transformed the lives of hundreds of millions for the better...
there is nothing wrong with 4 floors of residential above a floor of retail. This is what north america desperately needs and most of the complaints about the architecture is just NIMBYism. These are built to code. With a little bit of maintenance they will easily last a century.
We really need to start living in Hobbit's homes.
Also, we knocked down quite a bit of the ugly old buildings?
For most of history people didn't have any sense of heritage. They would just replace the old with the new and nobody would care.  In the 21st century we now have a strong sense of our own history. I think it's great, but we shouldn't go too far and fall into conservatism. The 1960s/70s had their flaws but at least planners and architects believed in progress and modernism reflects that. Nowadays I feel like we are less and less daring and increasingly conservative, at least in Europe. For instance my city of Paris has become an open-air museum and its really bad news.
This video reminded me of something i thought as a kid, sometimes my dad would take me to his job in the city, he was a lawyer, I'd go there and it was all gray towers everywhere, even as a kid i thought it was weird, everything felt so lifeless, inside the building it was more depressing
You left out Brutalism.
3:25 you forgot to bring the cat back in
Adam is the first youtuber to get this right. I hate when people declare a war on modernism when its really commodifying everything, 5 over 1s, and car centrism that have killed architecture over the past few decades.
I actually like the new modern styles of building. They feel fresh and modern to me.
Thanks for the explanation. It makes more sense now. I kind of assumed it was ultimately because of the cost involved.
"Beautiful" is really subjective, for example I prefer modern style architecture like Frankfurt and Rotterdam to some older-styled cities in Europe.
The opening scene was pretty much what downtown Indianapolis looks like. I don't mind a little bit of it, but it can get old quickly
I think the argument about houses turning into commodities doesn't quite hold: Vienna's (I guess the same is true for most other cities) "Gründerzeit" houses were built to make money from rent. Ornaments were optional, but relatively cheap and mass produced.
Carvers and Carpenters are so cheap back then, now it's a profession and a dying one (Carvers & Sculptors), but I think someday building ornaments will comeback as 3D printing technology advances.
There's also the fact that we kept the good ooking buildings and destroyed the ugly ones ^^ Like, you mention the Eiffel Tower, first a lot of people found it ugly, and it was supposed to last only a handful of years for an universal exposition. It's Eiffel, the architect, that lobbyed for years and transformed it into an attraction to save his materpiece ^^  A lot of buildings back then were ugly but we destroyed them to put new buildings :D
One thing that should be mentioned is the enormous change in the costs of labor versus materials.   In the past materials used to require enormous amounts of labor to be made, which meant that it was economically viable to have workers sculpt antique architectural features out of plaster, but a building made out of steel beams and glass was unthinkable. Glass was blown and cut by hand, and steel simply wasn't produced in the amounts needed to make beams out of it.   Nowadays we are in the opposite situation, skilled workers have become so expensive relative to materials that everything in construction is engineered to require as little labor as possible to do.   This phenomenon has influenced the entirety of our material culture, and explains changes in other domains too.
No more cheap imigrant labor
I don’t even think a lack of ornamentation is the biggest reason we find these buildings ugly, but the lack of beautiful “composition” and color. There are lots of gorgeous old buildings that aren’t highly ornamented.
The answer is of course Tartaria.
Oh this video would definitely make Roger Scruton roll in his grave. But thanks for the info Adam. Honestly it's something I'd been concerned about (with ugly buildings) but granted we did take that all for granted.
Those bland building styles are still better looking than almost every single family homes.
Thank fuck we don't build as many highly ornamented buildings as before. I think they're cool for a tourist attraction and to preserve an important (albeit dark?) part of our history, but there's something about ornamentation that just rubs me the wrong way.  I guess it should surprise no one that I'm a brutalist enjoyed - especially ecobrutalism.
it might surprise you that not everyone shares your views of what makes a house "ugly" or "beautiful". Turns out, you're just into some ugly buildings while everyone else is not yet you think you're the one who got it right.
What about underground car garages are those good or bad and why ?
It's a shame stripped classicism isn't more common. Cheap enough, beautiful enough, links past and future, and reminds you're a part of something greater.
Get well soon.
Oh no, it looks ugly on the outside! Well, I don't live on the outside, how does it look on the inside?
TLDR:To save money
Fax
AG1 is people!
King Charles, when he was still prince Charles, used the Duchy of Cornwall to build Poundbury, a city against all modernism, including glass buildings and car-centric ideals. 20% of Poundbury is affordable housing, but they are scattered across town and built to look exactly the same as regular houses. Poundbury would be a great topic for a video
Just when you think he can't get any worse... How long until this GRIDs patient argues that McDonalds is better then porterhouse steak.  And if their so desperate for funds that they can't even afford to make a building look nice then how come they can spend trillions on war for Israel and welfare for Browns.  The car obsession is just cope. People don't walk around and hang out in Europe's cities anymore because a cultural enricher might stab them in the face.
Money.
It’s about the money bro (and the rise of the middle-class, (and lower middle-class tbh)
Starting this video, I was immediately transported back to 2007 when I got a wii for Christmas.
Another reason people say that is because they're not civil engineers When you understand how some of those buildings are built, you see them for the pieces of art they are An ornament is nice to look at, but a seamlessly integrated ventilated wall? Now that one's a real looker.
Also; the old houses we know are not the houses of the common people, the expensive houses can still be beautiful.
This "conspiracy theories about the european / western values being overthrown with modern architecture" would sound nonsense if I didn't watch a HUGE brazilian thinktank defending EXACTLY this with a "documentary" about the death of ornamentation. And a lot of people just buy the idea... When I tried to argue with the person who sent me that, the main argumentation went on the 'car-centric' logic. The problem of modern cities is not the lack of ornament. But all the proportions, and the tridimensional aspect of the public space, all is lost when we plan the city for the cars
No matter what caused it, I still don't want downtown buildings to be different only in the logo of the megacorporation on its roof
I used to live in a 400 year old house when I was younger. And it isn't all that people make it out to be. Sure, it still stands, but the kind of repairs that have to be done regularly there are insane. There's little insulation (double windows are actual double windows there), everything is noisy / creaky, there's no even surface anywhere...sure, objectively the most beautiful buidling I ever lived in, but objectively also worse than my current apartment. Just because they look nice doesn't mean that they are.
To be honest the architecture isn't a big deal compared to the presentation. I'd say a more major issue is often a lack of community project to make those bland building look unique, that could be done with a paintjob really. Now that's often because it's not allowed either due to urbanism law or because people don't own the building they live in so that's a problem.  But really even some good graffiti can make a place look a lot better, unique and homely.
THE REAL ENEMY IS....LE CARS! How original.  Also, denying the fact that elites are trying to flood Europe with non-whites? Figured you would. Don't want to lose that precious youtube revenue.
Honestly I find both buildings ugly and detest cities.
Lmao Groverhaus
ordamentation is for captalist comrade
Depends where you live. My town is actually awesome in that regards. Check out the town of Le Plessis Robinson, in France. Especially Cité jardin and the city center. It won several european urbanism prizes and it comes from far as it was a Corbusier era worker town...
The OG 60's Déli Pályaudvar was admittedly quite nice and sleek but I'm not too keen on the 70's additions to it. Plus these modernist buildings age really poorly when they're not maintained properly/kept in excellent condition - the Déli is rotting away as we speak, although I heard the government finally budged and they're doing some minor repairs to it.
Having lived in communist blocks, old buildings and modern buildings - what is apparent in the beautiful old buildings is the extreme amount of labor that went into these houses. Something like that today would be all but impossible to do, building a castle is impossible today. And one of the main reasons is: inequality in society has decreased. Back in the days there was a layer of citizens that were really really rich compared to the people who did the labor. Today, these poor people are rich enough, that - except for a few multi-millionaires who still have amazing buildings built - nobody can pay them enough to regularly make such houses. The rest is simple survivorship bias. The sheds of the poor have disappeared, only the houses of the rich remained. The ancient Egyptians didn't live in pyramids either, but it's all that's left.
Statue pfps always complain about it.
pretty funny that FLW was already complaining about reduced quality and beauty in the late 1890's
I like to see that the dead gay forums created some lasting images and metaphors that will apparently outlive both the site and the Internet. Like Groverhaus here 😅 (also image macros in general, though I'll give 4chan exploding them into what we now call "memes")
All of y'all are basically lames and would rather every one else be the same so you promote and agree with this boring all everything the same bull crap
The “changing tastes” point doesn't really hold up when you consider people still love traditional architecture. So many tourists flock to cities around the world that preserve those styles. And you can't compare a building to clothes.
I am glad to live in a country that allows citizens to choose to buy land to build their own houses or move into a soulless apartment to save cost. The cityscape ends up being quite unique.
I think this is missing a really important element, namely how the relationship between material and labor costs have changed. It used to be materials were the expensive part of construction so you were incentivized to use them to their fullest extent and paying a laborer to work them more was minimal costs. Now labor is what’s expensive with the rise of unions and safety regulations and stuff, so it makes less sense economically to extensively modify and work materials into or ornamentation
i dont like your new editing style
Ornament cost is not an excuse. Most of the beaux arts architecture in Paris was mass produced, and that was in the 19th century
I am more offended by pseudo decorations put on cheap five-over-one buildings or McMansions 🤮 than the complete lack of decorations.
Empire State Building and Rockeffeler Center aren't modernist, they're Art D'eco. As much as this comment sounds like semantical cherrypicking, there are actual differencess. Other than that, you've got good points.
Long story short: capitalism and communism  And 9:38
Quick answer: capitalism
Too much details... didnt look all the way. But, the People doesn't demand that we build Old style or old classical fancy luxury things in the suburbs ! ...No, just that new apartment buildings get a LITTLE, just a little less minimalistic on their facades, because, ok the brand new white minimalist building looks good, ... but it's not the style, it's the fresh paint. Give it a few weeks ! it will becom "uglier" with time, become "another grayish modernist block". Well of course what did you expect.  The TINY details that help with Beauty while aging, are those details found on POPular old buildings: Little lines or colors, frames, around windows, between floors (like the old paris), or just some nice wooden window structure, doors, (not just glass doors in a glass window... same for shops, we need real front shop style, wood color or at least a frame and a name over it..). And also, please, some intersting balcony art instead of these bars making cities look like .. a giant prison. If expensive, to make modern metal art, at least, try Other configuration than vertical bars, or paint them with COlor, no more gray paint on metal bars... really looks even more dull than prisons some times... please, the gray... stop spending money on gray paint... the world, the sky, the street the cars are gray already... if you buy paint, buy some color...  And most of all, ... Roof! bring the roofs back, the thing that make us relate to the traditional house, god knows why it makes it more lovely, warm, welcoming, pitoresque, quaint... nice. But that's how it is.  At least, ... if there need to be some roof infrastructure, ... Let's do the mcdonalds style (that had understood that back in the days... !). Make a fake roof so it looks nice from the street. I dont care that it is "fake"... it is a real building, with a real facade and a real fake roof on the edge so that we have less boring square blocks all over our cities. We have to deal with that, or nothing will change.
You make a strong case for AG1, but it's clear your cats are still indolent slackers.
“Taste changes” is controversial since the point that started this conversation was people complaining about contemporary buildings and praising the old ones.  The only answer really is money, sadly…
This was solid, thank you
The perception of housing from a place to live to an investment truly is one of the worst parts of neolibrial capitalism
cheaper.
Excuse to talk about rail!! Good one!!
Because it’s too expensive
The skyscrapers look nice when I was going to canary wharf in London I was like woah Id like to work here one day And the buildings u showed were so fkn ugly thank god we stopped building that 18th century shit
Adam, you should look for "Stalin's empire" style. It was common in post-war Soviet union, so there were many beautiful high decorated buildings, and decorations were mostly mass produced and when combined in unique forms.
I fear in afew years Adam will start a anti-car terrorist organisation
Thank you for this!
Would be interesting to look at "comme blocks" but from non communist countries like Spain unde Franco's dictatorship.
Capitalism dumb as hell
why did you put a building with a romanian flag on it and hungarian Orban together? let the building have no flag at least
Adam: debunks conspiracy theory about communist global elite Also Adam: comes up with conspiracy theory about capitalist global elite
Personally I really don't mind the glass skyscrapers I think they are really cool engineering feats. But having moved to Philadelphia seeing the brick row-homes turn to grey slabs, it really feels like an iconic part of the city has been slowly dying
Adam something in a nutshell " The car and it's consequences have been a disaster for the human race"
Mindig örülök amikor magyar példákat csempészel a videóidba! ;)
BRUH 9:25 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 WTF is Karen  Doing  That she needs that car!?  That thing sounds like it can single handily liberate Ukraine.
I dont mind that. I live in the place where are those ,,Beautyfull buidlings". It can be part of the city, but cant be most of it
What do you call this architectural style? I‘m refering to it as Neoinvestorism. Buildings that look dull. But that‘s ok, because if i look out the window i see nice fassads. So why should my House look nice too? I don‘t see it. If the neighbors want a pleasant view shouldn‘t i be paid for it? /i No the „home“ for  your money shall be burnt to… anyway
Here in the Netherlands at least, aesthetics and a pleasant public space are becoming more of a priority again. As well as climate adaptation, i.e. more trees to prevent heat build up and more permeable surfaces to deal with heavy rain. Car-centricity is also on a steady decline for years now. There was actually a conspiracy though to build city blocks that were purposely stripped of all ornamentation and decoration. A group of very influential architecs set out to create buildings that were 'pure' in spirit and void of all 'distraction' i.e. raw concrete boxes. But this died out in the 80's as these architects who were devout communists were sidelined by greedy developers who brought in architects who would just build for the lowest price. Same level of soul-crushing, but different root cause. And most local governments have since stopped tolerating that anyway and started demanding development that is at least mildly pleasant to be in. Of course a lot of the details that would make it really nice have to be cut out last minute because of budget overruns, but at least the intention was there.
I’m sure there were lots of ugly building in the past too, they just didn’t survive until now because surprise surprise, we generally like to get rid of ugly things and keep the nice ones. We still build beautiful buildings. The Market Hall in Rotterdam is stunning. Hundreds of years from now it will be standing, while every Walmart will have been demolished or renovated or repurposed.
thanks for this video !
It's similar to mcmansions, fancy homes built to look luxurious, but are constructed with cheap materials, using cheap labour, cookie cutter appearances, impractical design innovations, car-centric, and are used as investments rather than dwellings. This is basically mcmansion behaviour for urban populations, it's a legacy caused by suburbanites returning to the city, and are bringing all of the comforts of home, also called gentrification.
Keleti = East End Nyugati = West End (see the shopping mall nearby) Déli = South End  You're welcome, foreigners!! ✌🐷  P S Deli is my favourite too.
In a world where music is only rapp,movies are only "woke" culture, media are only politically correct we shouldn't ask ourselves why we don't build beautiful buildings!
I really love rustic architecture. Wood and stone can be just gorgeous
"when the music stopped everyone went bankrupt" Hahahahahaha! If only! In the US we run on private profits and public losses. Those housiong developers will just make some "campaign contributions" and get a nice little bailout?  Save those profits to cover losses for bad years? You must be joking! Pay back those government bailouts? Hahahaha. I didn't pay good money for a congressman to do that!  This is all, of course, only for the very rich. Not the the individual lower/middle class person who has to "tighten their belts" or "stop being lazy" or whatever the wealthy right tells the poor people, even when those are the same poor people living on the losing end of this double-standard.
It's funny to see such fancy houses being called "ugly and depressing" when I'm living in a post-USSR country and those are so much beautiful than the actual commie blocks
I've never heard people complain about modernist architecture all that much. Brutalism on the other hand... oh boyyyyy. Everyone hates brutalism.   Personally I also don't really see the issue of a lot of the new housing blocks you've shown here. Sure they are a bit of same-y, and sure they aren't as nice as old buildings. Here in the Netherlands I however barely ever see those "five-over-one" buildings, but even if I did, they'd still be better than a lot of the buildings they built after ww2. I'd even say that most contemporary architecture is esthetically better than everything else they did since ww2.
I feel like parking requirements, if ment by underground Carparks or hight rise Carparks is less of an issue. Sometimes people need to able to leave the city. When there's not enough public transport, or the motorway is crudely plunked down in the way of things, then we have a problem.   And TBH, with 3d printing becoming increasingly practical, new modern forms of ornamentation, optimised for safety and ease of cleaning could soon be possible.
And yet Pundburry is still worse
I would trade eyecandy for good accessibility, thermal and noise insulation, easy maintenance, and mixed-use function any day. Unfortunately, that’s not always what we’re offered.
Wow you read my mind, I've been thinking about this for the past few weeks
Also its not true that ornaments cant be mass produced. They could. And they are. They are just more expensive to make.
(1:27) Chemnitz, i never would have guessed to see that in a Adam Something video.
don't forget the drive of the mass murdering Socialist and its effect as people as Cattle...
So Adam is speedrunning WTYP episodes... Next up, Urban Freight!
Funnily enough, in my country Communism was a big contributing factor too. At some point ornaments were deemed a remnant of the "spoiled bourgeois" mindset and you better believe everyone was jumping right out of their pants to prove that they were proper practical Communists and not some rotten Western Capitalists. There's an old Soviet Georgian movie that somehow crept under censorship, in which they satirized this mindset with a single scene, where after removing any and all visually appealing elements from the new block's design not even the architect himself can't tell whether the architectural illustration is the right way up or is it upside down.
I only have one thing to say "bruh"
It's also kind of interesting to note about changing tastes, that during the Renaissance and Baroque periods, until the advent of Romanticism, intellectuals thought of Gothic architecture as barbaric and ugly.
The Problem with Modern Architecture is, that Architects treat Buildings like Fashion. Whichs results in Buildings that will look trash after 20 Years.
One of the things I love about some of these modern, "souless" buildings is a lot of them have bigger windows that let in a lot of natural light.
Hah. That image of Groverhaus.
We could mass produce ornaments in the spirit of industry 4.0, we only need to set up the technological pipeline well enough. There are many technologies that would allow us to do so efficiently enough.
The third reason is the main, at least in eastern Europe, where I live
Stuff that I think about for time to time but never put much thought into explained to me very nicely and quickly. Another quality video from Adam, thank you
I hate that they render or clad these new building with a light beige colour that in six months turns an ugly sterile building into a dirty ugly sterile building it drives me mad when I see it.
Adam always finds a way to blame cars for something. 😆
2:07 i would.
Don't meet your heroes.
The third and the second reason seem to be practically the same. The investor can only sell something with profit if there is someone who thinks it is worth it. The people think it is worth it because they need a place to live for the next 30-50 years. It is not like in the old days were your whole family is right by your side. And even your grandchildren will still live in your area. The people are constantly moving. Most people don't need a place to live for the next 400 years anymore. It is also a pain in the a** to share one big house with multiply owners regarding all topics like taking care of the house....
Wish I could close the door on my cat like that lmao. My cat just opens the door and comes back in. 🤣
You missed a central point: in the past humans got exploited. Workers payments were extremely low and there were way more workers than there was work. So rich people could afford that building style. Today workers get fair payment. That is great. Today building something beautiful is typically unaffordable. Most of the beautiful things we buy today are only affordable as we have them produced in countries still exploiting the human workforce. E.g.,. an iPhone made in US would cost 5.000$, which would be unaffordable for most customers. So the iPhone is being built in China. And as China is getting more expensive and many workers in China don't want to be exploited in some sweat shops, Apple already decided to move on. To India - cause in India there is still an abundance of extremely poor people they cab exploit. Remember: the cathedrals of the Middle Ages were built on the corps of the suppressed people.
Goddamn cars ruining things again
The 5 over ones are actually good looking imo.
I'm visiting Prague for the first time in May. It's been on my bucket list for as long as I can remember and I am too excited for words to finally go!
Ooh a modern phenomenon forcibly explained in a way that reinforces Adams political narratives! Lets watch!
Good video, however, you missed a few things.  1. The cost of labour. Ornamenting a building is expensive as it has to be woven into the basic design configuration of the building itself. 500 years ago, public works could be highly ornamental because even skilled workers were barely paid anything. In Canada, the MEDIAN wage for an Ironworker assembling these towers is $41 ph.  2. Also, the height of an ornamented building is largely limited to several stories, as a necessary aspect of the aesthetics of these buildings is their human scale. If you said that the Praha train station had to be 3 stories higher, it would require a complete redesign to incorporate that change in a way that made visual sense. Adding floors to a modern building is just copy/paste. You could take 20 floors off of a modern 60 story condo tower and no one would notice, Or add 20 stories to a 40 story tower. No one cares. 3. Similar to your point about housing as investment is the relation of aesthetics and economics and dominant ideology. To pull a few points from Gramsci and Adorno and wildly simplify them, the dominant ideology is the ideology of the dominant class. In this case, the capitalists. (Lenin had already diagnosed the Soviet system as State Based Capitalism in the early 1920s. This was further exemplified by Deng Xiao Ping in the shift of China to a state regulated Capitalism, basically stating the obvious.) Thus Modernist architecture is valorised not so much as "form follows function" but more that bare "necessity is transformed into a virtue". 4. One end point of point 3 above is in Brutalist architecture, where the drawings look cool on paper and the buildings are ugly, uncomfortable, disuseful, and have more in common with military bunkers than places to live and work. At the same time, Brutalism is relatively cheap - it's just reinforced concrete facades with few windows - windows are long term expensive compared to the upkeep, cleaning, and eventual replacement of windows. Also, to add to your point about housing as investment, Billionaires from China need places to park their money, too, ya know. So a few of them upend their sofas and shake out several tens of millions in loose change each and together they invest in the building of (a) condo tower(s) in Vancouver or Toronto or wherever. Then, they sit on it for a few years, selling only a minority of the condos. This of course, drives the prices up and they rake in millions, while turning the downtowns of those targeted cities into glass and steel dystopias. Vancouver has enacted a few laws to stop this, as has Toronto, but these laws are weak and easily circumvented and have done little to stop or slow the proliferation of these ridiculous towers. Finally , I would caution about this angle of critique. Not to say "Don't Do This" - not at all - it's a necessary critique that is part and parcel of building more sustainable and livable cities. The problem has to do with the political angles surrounding others who have also critiqued modernist architecture. From conservatives like Tom Wolfe (From Bauhaus to Our House) to delusional  right wing nationalists like JH Kunstler. Kunstler I find especially exasperating, because his book The Long Emergency is still relevant and his critique of modern architecture, especially Brutalism, is spot on. He earnestly wants walkable cities, the elimination of car centric suburbs, etc. Unfortunately, over the past 10 years or so, he has increasingly framed his ideas in a weird right wing nationalism that is very disappointing. Anyway, I've rambled enough. Good video. Thanks!
Love the Prague slander, keep it coming!
In Helsinki Finland many of the newer buildings are built with brick facades. It looks pretty nice but most importantly it's miles ahead of what we built in the 70's or 80's.
I live in one of the commie blocks and want to die every day just to not see it anymore. Dont be fooled by "AESTHETICS" - its a dark environment with no hope, no future. All around the same rotten buildings filled with broken souls.
7:35  I believe this McDonald's Pharmacy was a freudian mistake XD
This is why hipsters in Minecraft are more likely to build cubed houses
Sorry , the post-modern style in anything is just plain ugly. Buildings, furniture, art,etc all post-modern style is repulsive to me. I just don't see it when people claim it has "beauty." I understand the argument of 'function over form' but i fundamentally disagree with it.
Building energy efficiency requirements dictate minimal outer surface area. Ornate, strangely shaped buildings don't pass. Fallingwater would never get approved nowadays due to environmental regulations. Enjoy the box.
You know. Recently here in Osijek, Croatia they have started demolishing old 50 -70 houses one story that were built either by the family or a by skilled workers back then to build new 2 - 3 story houses for single families or a housing complex that are two shades or even 3 if they felt like going wild. And have been recently thinking of how they catch my eye not because I think they are good or economical but because they just look, as you say, soulless. And a personal pet peeve of mine is to knock on the building to test how hollow it feels. I hate how hollow they feel like dry wall sometimes. Osijek already has empty buildings I'm not sure why they are building these houses and for who for but they get populated very quickly so there is demand. Maybe the empty apartments are not up to code or are not in a particular spot. But still I don't think the 2. point as to why stylish building probably wouldn't apply in Osijek's situation. I don't know who is building them (the city or private investors) because a lot of the do look similar. I just love the old yellow buildings that I still don't know from which period they are but are definitely before the 19th century and they very much look like the old building in Budapest and Zagreb's looks like Vienna's from the time of Austro-Hungary. And at the end you mention the 3 different train stations and I do rank them differently just by the pictures you provide. Keleti to me looks the best to me. But what do you think about all of this? Do you miss the old architectural style?
Ha, I just finished listening to the latest episode of the Eastern Border podcast by the Latvian journalist Kristaps Andrejsons, and at the very end, he said he's been watching your videos and likes them... except when you praise the "commie blocks." 😉 Although he specifically mentioned "khrushchevka," which is like the worse version of commie blocks, so maybe there is a bit of misunderstanding here.  Kristaps also said he would like to record an interview with you, which I think would be cool.
A recent case in point, Amsterdam Central's new bicycle garage, it's a garage, the stereotypical candidate for a grey concrete box design, but because it's designed for people instead of cars it's beautiful.
the solution is to bring back brutalism
-Calls all of people who complain about the problem white supremacists -Says that "this is just culture changing" -Instantly proves himself wrong by saying it was communists not giving a shit about looks, only going for cheap shit (even tho its the 21st century, not 1946) -Says that this has absolutely nothing to do with communism's views on spiritual needs 5 seconds later -Strawmans people who disagree part 2 electric bogaloo, capitalism bad edition -Becomes an economic genius and blame the 2008 crises on the housing devolopers instead of loangivers who actually caused the crises -"it wuz capitalizm an shieeet" -"Cars bad" -Proves himself wrong by saying "why should we build good buildings if other disgusting buildings of this style will make it look weird and also disgusting" -Blames everything on car boomers -Says this is actually a good thing even tho people fucking hate it and it doesn't really solve the housing crises -Refuses to elaborate or explain why -Leaves  and this is coming from someone who loves public transport, hates cars and loves minimalism, it's just a pretty shit way of saying "this was cheaper, simple as"
It should be illegal to build ugly "modern" buildings. They cause depression.
Cheap, foreign labour force instead of qualified and skilled trade you have to pay real money to.
Adam going ham with the production value again I like it
Let me guess... its cause of the white supremacy of white roman statues?
Adam: You wouldn't put on a 17th century outfit for a job interview, would you? Bernadette and Karolina: Hold my tea.
Please stop perpetuating this myth that housing and in general buildings today are built to a lower quality than in the past. In fact the opposite is true. Homes since the 1980s are much more energy efficient, use much less toxic materials and are generally more resistant to decay and breakdown than buildings built in the past. What you are experiencing is survivorship bias.  The older buildings that exist today were the ones on choice land, who were able to build using old growth wood and other higher end materials, and were maintained over time. Homes without this capital were torn down and replaced. All those newer buildings in older cities exist in places where the old building likely was decaying away. Lets not even get started talking about weather resistance, earthquake protections and the such.
I personally never had an issue with "ugly housing. Making it look like everything from the past is boring and also doesnt fit our current time. Reality doesnt have to look like a fairy tail. The only issue i have with modern apartments is, that they are often just single use. Where I live there live over 40000 people on ~3km², but there are almost no restaurants and other businesses in close proximity, the only place you can do stuff is the mall and the rest are just parks, playgrounds everywhere and two artificial lakes in between the residential buildings.
02:43 Soylent Green is people!
I love how the lefts take on architecture was “modern architecture is fine, stop wanting us to return to monke” to “modern buildings are boring af”
I personally thing that the most important reason is moslly the cost and effciency of the building, sacrificing beauty for more and cheaper housing, and faster too.
6:10 Groverhaus jumpscare
I'm just really tired o these glass boxes
You totally forgot the conspiracy by modernist architects!
The western countries solfed their housing crisis after the world war by building less ugly apartments.
don't caare these new buildings ugly
Somehow i cant Imagine super critical Adam comsuming Something Like AG1. :'D
ah yes soul crushing architecture is when you dont have cheap plaster on the facade 😡😡😡😡😡😡😡😡- imo the most beautiful building i still the villa savoye.  also isnt there some dumb conspiracy based on this because they once had some really decorated building for some temporary fair
first two reasons are staying  but at least we can get rid of cars and capitalism
9:38 a vehicle that has the fuel consumption of a Chieftain (or similar vintage) MBT, with less protection for a far higher cost.
I cant believe you prefer Déli over Keleti and Nyugati 😱
hey man, i really like your video but i got to ask everyone this question: are cities invested with cars, or with people who choose to own cars?  also, i agree that walkable livestyle and spaces create quality, but to what extend can you take away most peoples cars without loosing quality. cheers people.
Even new cars of today are ugly as F! It's like no one cares about anything, these days! 🤨 Also, ban flip-flops!😐
I don’t think that „we need to build as much housing as possible for as cheap as possible“ should be an argument for cutting out beautiful ornaments since they can also be mass produced. Furthermore architecture is most sustainable when buildings are constructed with local materials. It‘s not only more sustainable than concrete and glass but it also gives the architecture of a region or nation its destinct culture and touch.
I actually really like how modern geometric building look, at least in urban areas.
Other arguments for wallmart, mcD or Ikea is that no visual stimulation will distract the viewer from the company logo. It's the only thing allowed to burn into your mind.
You and "not just bikes" made your point to many people. I personally already chose a car-free life years ago thanks to new french politics. But what if you're in a country that will never move towards simple happiness ? Or worse, what if your country hates you more and more every day? As a trans person, who takes care of autistic person, many countries would force me to leave or risk dying. Oddly enough the correlation between car-free City and tolerance is very high . So why not make a video about... Moving out for those who won't find happiness in car dependant city?
Did you really plagiarize Vox? I would at bare minimum cite Vox if you are gonna do your own version of their video
I currently live in a former barracks building constructed for UK forces stationed in Germany. It's boring looking, yes - but the structure itself is top quality. Military grade concrete won't come apart anytime soon (and actually melted a drill when we tried drilling into the wall). They insulated the whole block so I barely have to heat during winter, and can ignore most of the summer heat if I air at night and keep it closed during the day. And they even completely modernized the bathrooms shortly before I moved in, and we got new apartment doors last year, with better security and insulation than the old ones. Personally, I couldn't care less what it looks like from the outside, as long as the inside is right and the rent is appropriate.
Adam  taking an AG1 advert and not downing the entire glass in one go like Cody from "Some more news" is a disappointment
I'll take "bland" buildings, if it means those bland buildings will house more people, be more affordable, and be more energy efficient.
The Hlavní nádraží area is not as bad as you say.
Please do a review of Ayn Rand's "The Fountainhead". Not sure if you already did, but that book is so whack and I want to hear the Urban Planning/Architecture perspective.
Yooo Adam, do a bit on the Cargo Sous Terrain project in Switzerland!
Personally, I love modern and older style buildings equally. There are pros and cons to both.
The population growth is impacting the simulation performance, so in order to save processor cycles, you have to remove details.
Birmingham's new Grand Central shopping center that replaced The Pallisades over New Street Station is another modern building that's gorgeous.  In fact most of the Bullring redevelopment was extremely nice, because they were constrained by places built in a time before cars, replacing post-war rebuilds.
groverhaus at 6:12 LOL.
Can please do a video on Robert kiyosaki or Dubai's Circle project.
There is a Youtube-video of Leipzig in the 1930s out there. Stunning comparison to nowadays!
here in Chile, real estate construct the cheapest apartments and houses posible and you need to remodeling from day 1.
Modern buildings look better in my opinion
When you are designing a high-rise building after you design the first floor and mezzanine, you design the next floor and repeat that until you reach a top. The basic design, list of materials, etc., are pretty much the same on floor 3 as floor 33. Your design costs are kept to a minimum. Finishes are for another architect or interior designer to do. Uniformity is cheaper by economy of scale. While the first designers of box architecture were geniuses in their own way, it doesn't take a genius to design a monolithic high-rise and control costs that way.
The cost of human labor also went up, those orbaments had to dezign, manufacture and construct with ha ds. Its part of the expenses, but worth to mention. That was part of the industrialization of housing, most radical exqmple is premade houses.
Do US parking minimums require parking spaces to be ashpalted or can they be e.g. gras? And do they forbid rules like "Only for vehicles under 30kg"?
I prefer the modern aesthetic.
Vine boom
it's ok we'll just look at nice buildings in the metaverse /s
What do you think of artificial womb by ecto life ???
The advice my dad gave me (and which he and I follow) is to paint the interior of your house with some neutral color like beige or off-white, so as to make it easier to sell. As Adam points out a lot of these decisions are driven by the need to sell these things to the widest selection of buyers, so they are boring by design. Interesting choices may mean a lot to 10% of people but you need to sell to 90%
I think the best thing that american cities could do right now is scrapping some their empty office buildings in the city centre and building places to live. Take some inspiration from pictures of the past, try to imitate the former mixed-use 5 story buildings, pedestrianize some streets and connect them with light rail and BOOM you made everything prettier
Also historical downtowns are in rich areas, full of protected historic buildings and the owners have the incentive to keep the buildings and the area well maintained to keep the real state prices high and to attract tourists.
You threw the cat out of the room for the sponsor. Unsubscribed :(
I've lost it at the goddamn Groverhaus.
But here is a wonderful and usually overlooked point - old buildings were mass-produced even in the past. It just so happened that old-time ornamentation was and still is mass-produced. It just so happened that people prefer a different balance between beauty and function. So... supply demand happens and we have decently looking apartment complexes.  In terms of terrible building quality - Check building codes. They usually state that the building needs major inspection and repair and inspection every 20-30 years. And we are talking about codes that should account for terrible construction quality.
Check out the town of Poundbury. It's a mixed bag but it's built in traditional style and there's some interesting traffic ideas that have been implemented there. Such as the 70m rule.
17th century fashion needs a comeback. Nothing says power like ruffles!
you dont look as wise as you sound, and that really fiddled my head. i always thought of you as some sort of gandalf or, i dont know, greek philosopher. my new head canon is that you came from 50 years into future back to the past to try and correct the wrongdoings of mankind, but your time machine had issues so now you are trapped in your former 20 year old body.
Only error here is using examples of Neoclassical as "beautiful". No one likes banks.
I think he is ignoring the philosophical points of Le Corbusier and Alfred Loos. It wasn't just that taste's changed, they were actively against beauty and did preach functionalism. You could make just as easy of a case that building Dallas is just functionalism with all of its car centric planning if you want to defend it.
It has nothing to do with modernism, style or art. Things look the way they do because everything is built to be replaced in a few years. No one builds for the next generations, with rare exceptions.
Everyone has different taste : I LOVE THE URBAN FREEWAY IN FRONT OF MY STUDENT FLAT. It's the so nice, and calm, smooth materials. I don't even almost die everytime i need to cross the road !
Not gonna lie, I thought the "ugly" buildings you showed in the beginning looked really really good.
Thank you for this video. I often find myself surrounded by ugly building and wondering why the hell are we doing such bad things to our eyes...
One of my favorite urban design styles and architecture are the late 20th century Japanese style with its tiled walls, plain but functional and compact buildings and corridors etc, but I also love 19th century victorian style architecture with its nature inspired ornamentation where the building was a work of art that brings a maximalist comfort with it.  That and wallpaper and hanging dozens of pictures in frames on the walls.
AG1 is the best !
I also find it funny we talk about the craftsmanship when many buildings in the past were put up 'on the cheap'. I think of how old Penn Station had plaster columns and not solid marble or granite ones. This isn't to say that they didn't put in work then, but they still had to build with a budget in mind.
Our train station in Gdańsk has the exact same problem as the one in Prague 😢
"Why even bother building anything nice?"  Bucharest in a nutshell.
It's also worth noting that there *were* a lot of ugly-ass, function over form buildings in the past too. The ones left standing tend to be the better built, nicer looking ones. Survivorship bias is a huge factor when it comes to the built environment.
Makes me glad to live near Philadelphia where the attitude seems to be, "You lay a finger on that historical building, and we'll gut you."  As a result, we have a lot of historical buildings from various eras, alongside glass cubes that are rather pretty.  It's a nice jumble.
There's an essay by Karel Kosik on architecture and modernism "The city and the poetic". It's in a book called Antediluvian reflexions (Reflexiones antediluvianas, in spanish). I think you can get it in your language. If you haven't read it, you must, it's a beautiful and very philosophical essay just about what you're saying in your video. Cheers!
Maybe i have a massive bias because i work in historical building conservation but i cant not love old buildings, not just new buildings built in old style, just old buildings, nothing feels better than sitting in my retrofitted little shitty flat with cheap modern single glazing windows and looking to the other side of the room seeing the old casement windows with the witches mark likley carved into the limestone mullion hundreds of years ago. Seeing every little mortar repair and and each replaced pane of glass next to the old orginal panes from the late 1600s its the story the little features of the buildings tell, the time, effort and attention to detail thats been payed to it over the years.
bring the cat back
In my country there is not even an historic downtown. Just horrible building
Modern architecture is rubbish.
LET THE CAT IN LET THE CAT IN LET THE CAT IN
The after WW2 style is ugly, though, modern buildings at least here seem to become a mix between the old Dutch houses with a modern twist and that seems fine to me tbh.
i have been to budapest in december and its always fascinating to me how many 'beautiful buildings' just rot! there are obviously in large uninhabited and just waist away! instead of them you got a soulless city center and the periphery is full of functional buildings like you describe. but... they need to be there too imo. even though i hate them many people prefer to live in 'new' buildings. thats democracy i guess
Hello. Mr. Communist architecture wasn't bad
You know commie blocks are kinda like the mcdonalds of architecture they're boring but they're cheap, consistent and easy to make and it works for its purpose
You know what makes for a great market hall with the lovely tall windows and high ceilings? A closed down train station. Actually the old train station nearby (in Canada, so not that old) got turned into a library instead, and the market is out back. Lovely building.
It's not ornament that makes up beauty (or not only if it contribute)  It's heterotopy. Having places where mind and body can wander, in peaceful stroll. Places connected to others humans, to nature, and not only to cars or that must have fixed purpose.
Ignorant here: what is the full story with the Orbán reference to wasting money on building ornamented buildings?
Over the last 2 years of me informing myself about things like traffic, urban planning, mental health, corruption and tax wasting by the government almost everything has cars as a problem or even them beeing the major problem. One of the biggest contenders is the german rail company, Deutsch Bahn they lost 21% timeliness since the late 90´s. It was one of the best railway companies on earth then car centred CDU came around and defunded them and wasted massiv amounts of money on usless car infrastructur. Over the past 100 years western society lost its culture and progressive thinking to cars and thats saddens me.
Car centric urban planning is in my opinion not a real reason for this. I'm sure plenty of you will disagree. But let's see if we get more inspiring architecture in some of the now car-free city centers around the world. I somehow doubt it.
Before watching the video: let's see how it is cars fault  And then, the ha-ah moment arrives
look up the YouTube video "Why all new apartment buildings look the same" by Cheddar - they explain what 5 over 1s are
Evergreen, but the need for getting more people to invest in property for living has to do with how it's powered.  You cannot seperate the investment aspect from real property, especially if you want the units to be ornate.  The reality is that less ornate building that have higher finishes in the interior and equity generated from ownership stimulates the market to build more ornate abodes across the street or in a different district of town, and the fact that the facade is ornate is an indication of wealth.  As a person who aspires to real estate development, 80% housing, meaning less ornate facade but good fininshing interior and good equity for the consumer, and 20% higher end realty, we are more than the past, so our ostentatious expression ought to reflect that truth about us.  Cities most parts of the world won't develop around the American car infrastructure model.  There is no way to qualify people developing cities a lot of places for credit for both house and car, and we are in agreement, housing blocks suck, but they are better than living in a car!
housing crisis and population explosion.
Just because a style is dated to the more modernist styles of the 20th century doesn't mean they can't be aesthetically pleasing. For example, I find the brutalist architecture of Washington D.C.'s metro system to have a lot of charm that really fits in with the style of much of the city.
Its hilarious to me that someone so into reason and scepticism would then also hawk random dietcrap. Integrity don't pay no bills, eh?
YouTube is such a dystopia. Every video comes with an embedded ad, and the vast majority of those are scammy. VPN services that promise "safety" benefits, supplements of unclear provenance which cost a fortune and don't do anything, shady investment schemes (NFT, art), "courses" to teach anyone the "next big thing" that has come and gone such as dropshipping hustle, pyramid schemes, "NoCode app development" etc. Razorblade subscriptions, 5-inch "plots" of "land", like WTF is that, who thought any of this was a good idea? You already have too many subscriptions you need to manage, who thought an extra one for the razorblades would make anything better?
Aesthetic buildings are only good for "public" areas: Parks, Markets, and maybe even Malls, buildings where many people usually hangout in.  Though these aren't practical if mass implemented due to how much they can cost. I've seen many of these videos and I often feel "stupitified" by them. The need to make things "aesthetic," to apply them to everything, sounds like a mental disorder.  Sure, good looking buildings make us feel good, makes us become more positive, yeah...sure. But that wouldn't apply to the homeless. And also, these "aesthetic" buildings often become an eyesore in the long run.   Like increasing the brightness of your device in a dark room, aesthetic buildings don't mean shit if they aren't purposely placed in certain areas inorder to draw or spread crowds.
Money!
money lol
As a car enthusiast, I totally agree with you.  Cities shouldn't be built around cars. Public transportation is a far better and efficient mode of transportation.  When I need to get somewhere in the city, I take the bus, the Metro or just walk if the distance is relatively short.  If I go on vacation, I take the train, or maybe the airplane.  When I want to go for a drive, I simply go outside the city, on a country road or even better, on a mountain pass.
Ive seen your channel go from good informative non politically biased videos to now finding a reason to bash on right wingers in every singe one of your videos. Please leave politics out of this, the world isn't black an white.
Although I am a traditionalist, I don't mind modernist buildings... So long as they look nice. What I don't like however is when buildings are almost intentionally made ugly.   Take for example: Antwerp. There is a very well-known square in Antwerp, in front of the beautiful Opera-house. What's on the other side? Well, soulless towers that seem to be there to do nothing but laugh in your face, as they stand right in a pedestrian-area... and were recently built. To the side? More of the same. And what do you see when you look north? The remnants of an urban freeway, of course.  I am very glad you covered the impacts of cars on the creation (or rather, lack thereof) of beautiful buildings... but for every "sensibly" ugly building, there is an ugly building that seems built simply to mock its surroundings.  What has always bothered me about modern architectural philosophy (or, as you described it, the business-philosophy surrounding architecture) is precisely that its become business over art. Not so much function over form, even. There is simply no part of me that likes to see nature removed from our cities and replaced with buildings, but this is only made worse when these buildings are ugly. If one wishes to replace the beauty of a tree with an appartement-block, the least I wish for is for that appartement-block to match the tree in beauty.
I like the topic of the video.  But I wish you touched on the effect society has had on the work force.  Real craftsmanship isn't being taught.  Students are taught that construction isn't a real job, that they should be real estate agents or lawyers or go in to finance.  That these jobs aren't paid according to the risk and physical strain on the body. The effect is you can only make simple ugly buildings built by people that are looked down on and taken advantage of by the "successful people" who would rather save money than provide a quality work environment.
Some of these residential buildings I see go up these days in the States go up so fast and so cheaply. I really worry about how long they can be around for.
Why is this video almost solely focused on the US?
The supposed ugly buildings you show at the beginning are far more beautiful than ALL the projects ones built in France in the 60s. An absolute disaster of which we continue to pay the price today.  And you're right, It is primarily a question of costs and cheap technologies like concrete which allowed that.  The old city centers in Europe were built for far fewer people than today (in proportion).  When everyone from the countryside came to those same cities to find work, from the industrial revolution to after WWII when economy changed a lot (switching from an agricultural one to a more service oriented one), buildings had to be constructed fast and with fonctionality as a priority, not esthetism.
Surely if you build nice housing in a less desirable location it will become more desirable.
This is down to taste tho
Without even watching the video I can tell you that the sheer cost of materials and labor to build like we used to is prohibitive.
One big reason not mentioned: lots of cities have strict regulations around ornamented facades because ornaments can break off and fall on people. That’s why half of the sidewalks in NYC are permanently covered in scaffolding and almost any ornamented facade you’ll ever see is draped with a net
I kind of like some of the new buildings. I don’t think people would hate them as much if there weren’t as many of them.
I can save you 20 minutes, It's a lot cheaper to build metal boxes then intricate historical buildings
The cat got slandered.
I would totally wear a 17th century aristocrat outfit to work with the wig and all. Just to see the look on the other people faces.
I will say though, I do enjoy the Five in one style. Never really liked the ornament design of old. But it's nice to know the other reasons mentioned here.
Huh, wow, a video where Adam doesn't suck off Thomas the Tank Engine? I wonder how... *last thirty seconds of the video* ...aaaaaand there it is.  All jokes aside, I never really saw a war on all the "pretty" buildings. I just went with that one image with the fork and the caption "uniqueness doesn't mean you are useful" and the incredibly ornate buildings really served no purpose when a box with the shit you need in it fits the bill appropriately. Would you really care if Walmart made their boxy buildings flashier as you are dropping in to pick up your groceries, some cold pills, and a new TV and Xbox? Of course not.
the indomidatble human spirit when the soul crushingly bland architecture walks in: it has finally been defeated
No rail track communications ?
These are depressing buildings?  I lived in a four floor box on pillars, with no paint or protective coloring, random small windows, dead pigeons on the roof, fractured stairs, surrounded by other colorless buildings, with the only color being the trees around. That's a depressing house.
The US is facing a housing shortage. Developers expect certain returns and people can only pay so much for housing. The most efficient solution for a housing shortage under capitalism is not dissimilar from the solution under soviet socialism--build cheap, ugly, and cookie cutter. Car dependency is a different matter that is largely incentivized by local governments.  There are of course undesirable outcomes from speculation in real estate, e.g. the recent explosion in hedge fund all-cash purchases we have seen. One of the benefits of making real estate a market should be increased competition leading to depressed home prices, but we unfortunately do not see these benefits (could it be that previous market inefficiencies actually benefited buyers and renters over sellers and landlords?). Population growth, ever increasing expectations for standards of living, demand for larger spaces, toxic materials in older homes, urbanization, loss of manufacturing jobs, etc. all place upward pressure on housing prices, and we simply haven't built enough to keep up. These factors and their change over time in the modern context is poorly examined.  Even under capitalism, housing in this country has not always been so horribly expensive. A better analysis would be to look at that change over time and how it has affected both supply and beauty, rather than looking at similarly ugly buildings from the Soviet Union and declaring them better (even though they would certainly be insufficient today).   The issue of housing shortages and how they relate to beauty is also not thoroughly examined. New York City serves as an excellent example to dive into with its shortages and building sprees that came with each wave of immigration. The brownstone today is considered a beautiful house, but at the time was disliked and considered cheaply built--which is why it is now so ubiquitous. Do they seem so nice today because they have been renovated? Has our notion of cheap changed (it seems far more likely people have higher expectations from the 1840's than lower)? What would it actually cost to "build beautiful" vs a five over one, and what would the quality of the housing look like in each case? In most cases, the brownstone is not even allowed to be built--but the five-over-one often is.  Placing the Empire State building, an Art-Deco skyscraper built in the 30's, in the same class as international style skyscrapers mostly built from the 60's on is also a fundamental misunderstanding and simplification. Skyscrapers are also such an extreme of development that they are mostly irrelevant to the average person's life.  There is a startling lack of nuance and understanding in this video, making it an ultimately more harmful than helpful contribution. You are just a youtuber, though.
2:26 let 👏 them 👏 back 👏 in 👏
Any designer can tell you that building something from a cookie-cutter design is cheaper and faster.  Non-standard patio bricks are going to cost you a lot more. So will a non-standard building
I wonder if it were possible to, like, build in a way that has a practical prefab core, but designed with the possibility of augmentations in mind. Like, make it so ornaments could be mixed, matched, added, and removed relatively cheaply and quickly without affecting the core much. Make ornaments as easy to replace as paint, if not easier. That way you could build a cheap standard and then customize it for a premium if you like. Probably tricky to design that well though
Splatoon music based
Hi Adam "reality is a bit more complicated" Something!  Great middle name.
I find it a funny  (not throwing any shade) that this video about boring buildings is being sponsored by a boring substitute meal 'system' (rather than making, or going out for, a far more interesting meal 'of' real food). One might argue for some of the same reasons (ease, cost... ).
This is the third video this week with Athletic Greens ads, please stop, supplements don't work XD
1:57 ?????????
Cat
Even when people have money, they still build modern buildings... they're just more convenient.. amenities also are more important now than ever and it suits better with a modern house. They focus more also on the interior than exterior.  Generally people pay more for newly built houses than old ones (ceteris paribus).
6:23 Is that a Margin Call reference? Good drama about the build up to crisis, Spacey aside.
commieblocks good because cheap, mass-produceable, and will give people homes asap. Neolibblocks bad because cheap, mass-produceable, and will give people homes asap. Or maybe that's bullshit because ornamentation and aesthetics aren't actually that expensive.
1:00 who cannot say no to pressure point. I love that song. Yes I am a jazzhead. Yes I know its freeform jazz before you say.
Can we just  all collectively agree that cars have, are and will keep ruining everything?
Quality video
Cause money. There, I saved you 10 minutes
1:20 Well, actually... that's was pretty good simplification.
One big thing is that nice looking neighborhoods the building where often build by different people at different times so it looks more organic even if not all buildings look individually beautiful. where I live there is a colorful assortment of pre war, post war and modern buildings
Americans will travel to Europe to see the beautiful architecture and then go back home and demand that their 6 lane highway gets expanded.
not sure if its just me, but those "ugly bland buildings" dont look bad
I wouldn't underestimate the first point: Fashion  In Germany, before WW1 buildings usually were decorated with stucco. Looks nice nowadays, but back then it was actually quite cheap - as it was mass-produced in factories.  After WW2, stucco was out of fashion. It was even common to remove the stucco (in German: "Entstucken"). Nobody would do this today!  So if we'd have stucco as a new fashion trend and would start to mass-produce it again, I think we could do it. But we don't want to.
Bring the cat back
you could make a video about plague of subscription services
Ok, Howard Roark...
Because of money, what else.
I wish we had more baroque revival buildings :(   Maybe after the Revolution
Why don't we have buildings that both form and function. And better yet, should follow cultural cues from its local surrounding. Example being more art deco in New York or Victorian like Britian, visual cuesthat indicate where that building is rather than the cookie cutter ones that makes it dang difficult to tell where the building is in.
How many videos can you sneak Groverhaus into in a row? Are you going for a record? :D
Honestly, living in a mostly,,this was build during communism years " part of my town i find buildings from the beginning of the video pretty
Usually if the developers use local materials it is already nice. That is how low the state of architecture is.
Idk why but this reminds me of the time I was at Kazakhstan, Karaganda. Especially in the center of the city.
So it turns out that conservative’s problem with “liberal things” is just a problem with a capitalism… again. You’d think that eventually they’d figure this out. Nahhhh they’re not smart enough for that.
Great video. 😊 You are forgetting that most old buildings, that just so happen to be ugly, have been demolished over the years, that is leading to success bias as we are only seeing the buildings that were preserved more out of luck than anything else. What we don’t see are the countless buildings that no longer exist. 😊 Also, economics change. Brownstone buildings made for factory workers in the 19th century were made out of cheap material, (hardwoods, stone, bricks, cast iron) that just so happen to be long lasting. 😊 Also, also, architectural greebling of grand buildings was a way for rich people to show off their excessive wealth (Chrysler and Empire State Buildings, Versailles). I don’t think it is fair to compare those, and the Eiffel Tower, to a block of flats. 😊 Anyways, love your video even if I don’t always agree with your findings. I do love trains and wish there were more of them. I would really like to have a discussion about desert cities vs cities built in rainy climates. Especially about water usage. 😊
Really gotta give credit for the new editing style, very charming!
I looked at the title of the video and thought "capitalism".
i thought form follows function was a design note like "hey, if its beautiful but doesnt work, it isnt as beautiful" not "beauty is the direct representation of utility". but obviously the second idea is cheaper to impliment.
When I went to Budapest, I was surprised to find they still build historic buildings from scratch around the city center. Just a couple hundred miles west, in Vienna, we have long abandoned that philosophy and let our historic districts be defaced by ugly, ornament-less post-war boxes.
Great video, but I think you might've focused too much on ornamentation. That's probably the first thing to see, but classical architecture is also about proportions and symmetry even without ornaments. Look at Sweden or just Scandinavia overall where ornamentation was much more reserved. Or buildings from the 1920s-30s. This is a huge problem with modern architecture, much greater than the lack of ornaments.  But to give credit, this also stems from the causes you pointed out in the video.
cat :D
The ad... It could be way worse, but still, it's bad
Good points made in this video on the subject but you've forgotten one very important factor to all of this: the most cost intensive aspect of construction is labour and labour was criminally cheap in the 16th- early 20th century, when the most beautiful buildings where built
🖤🖤🖤
I don't get why, for most people who say this, the choice is always between bad modernism and neoclassical. Why? Neoclassical sucks since the 50s of the 19th century, it's boring and uninspired. There are so many beautiful "old" styles, and modernist and contemporary architecture can be and often is very beautiful on its own. Also, I think the biggest problem with "ugly architecture" is lack of variety. A neighbourhood, to be beautiful, doesn't really have to have appaling and incredible buildings, it can also have ugly or average buildings if they're varied and not completely the same (and there must be trees and vegetations. This is paramount). An "ugly" city is not an ugly city, but a monotonous one.
I think the "Tastes changing with the times" and "Sheer necessity to house people" are actually quite reasonable arguments to build trash-looking houses. But then there are the 2 other reasons...
The video i was looking for
Damn. Great video
Man just kicked the cat out the room to do an ad xD
Lovely essay, as usual
Since cars are a major part of this problem, we can improve our buildings by making more trains and trams
Call me crazy but modern buildings are beautiful to me and I find really old ones (at least most of them) extremely... stifling, for lack of better words.
I like boxes:(
In the UK we like to cover our new cubes in flammable panels to make sure it self destructs properly.
We live in the richest era in history, and still can't have pretty buildings??? oookay
And nerver the less. Nobody wants to live in the banlieus and everybody in Paris Core city
I literally just took some shrooms and this videos depressed me. 10/10
i'm seeing a lot of people commenting without having watched the video past the 30 second mark, huh
appreciate the devil dice sfx
Am I the only one who thinks that most of the 5-over-1's shown actually look, fine? I mean its not going to win a design competition but they actually have variety in shape, material and color
We must remember whose tastes have changed.  The broader public still prefers buildings with ornament and good placemaking fundamentals by a huge margin, and there is a mountain of research behind it.  The tastes of the capitalists who finance and manage our built environment have changed away from beauty, not the people who have to live/work inside or walk next to these buildings.  There is also a growing amount of research into why blank walls and poorly-defined spaces create low levels of mental stress in humans, so we should kiiiiiiinda care about good placemaking a lot more than we do, and that will clean up a lot of the modern claptrap we are unfortunately being forced-fed.
I especially dislike homes with modernist architecture. They literally look like a bunch of cubes and squares.
that Culture Critic guy just shows how a reactionary brain works he looks at a huge building and sees that it's not fancy so his feelings take over and says the left wants to crush the human spirit because the building doesn't look fancy, all feelings, no facts, and they actually start believing their feelings are actually facts.
i was watching the entire thing in 360p and was like "wtf why the audio so shit" and then at the end realised... anyways great video :)
Remove neoliberal and it’s correct.
Tartaria designed. History has been faked.
The cat bit got me so hard XD
is AG1 gluten free?
i think the thing that frustrates me the most about the samey overshop grey and beige and black apartments with the blocky texture and the one balcony each is that here in america they are sold as "high class" and "luxury" and a 1br 1ba apartment of that kind usually goes for a Minimum of $1200 a month. instead of the 400 a month that it is realistically worth
I appriciate your content.
8:48 almost killed me.  Its one of most repellent anti human things I have ever seen.
This is something way underappreciated in modern society. Humans _need_ beautiful spaces, just like they need nature.
I do have one major criticism with this video most people never lived in housing like this at any point in history, they lived in cottages, terraced houses and slums, which definitely had more character than houses today and more ornamentation. It still goes down the same path of mass production, quick construction, with safer more precise building techniques reducing the varied nature and cheaper building materials. The fact that your cottage barely had a kitchen, an outside loo shared by a dozen people and of course no electricity meant more could be spent ornamentation. and this why buildings no longer have the character of what most people lived in.
6:08 Groverhaus!
Of course cars are the issue..lool
Before watching the video, I'm going to take a guess that it's due to a mix of late stage capitalism and the pursuit of ever increasing profit margins as well as the fact that we don't build as efficiently as we used to, especially in America. Lot of those buildings were built at a time when everyone was living much more densely and thus pooling their resources (aka labor, tax money, expertise, etc) all into a more compact, efficient area where the money, time, and expertise could be spent to make things nicer. I'll come back and do an edit once I've finished the video.  Edit: I'd say this was pretty close for the last two reasons given in the video. I never really consider taste to be much of a factor for today, because while minimalism might have been what people wanted early on in the 20th century, I think that has mostly died out. Most people you talk to typically say they wish we built nicer looking things again nowadays yet our buildings don't really seem to be following suit at all. I also didn't account for post WWII housing. I was only thinking about the past couple decades, but that's a good point that a lot of European legacy architecture will have been due to housing projects during the mid century after WWII. America's post WWII housing is the dull, inefficient suburbs which play into my second reason. And I'd say it's North America that suffers from the boring/ugly modern architecture problem the most.
I'm fine with the new bland type of buildings. The older, more elegant buildings tend to have architecture that is both: a) more expensive to build from the onset and b) more expensive to maintain. That is a lot of money to be wasting on aesthetics.  It's like the architects who insist on spending tons of money on replacing Madison Square Garden with a replica of the old Penn Station and think that's gonna solve all train problems, but do nothing for actual train operations. The current station doesn't need fancy buildings, it needs competent management and better train operations. The city and state also don't need to spend billions on adding more tracks, they just need more through-running.
you forgot that beautiful buildings where a way to brag with your money.  Today this is limited to the own villa, a century and some ago it wasn't only about your own residence. It was always the case with churches and palaces but at some point flexing riches became flexing of how you can easily house commoners. And when it looks better as the houses of your stupid rivals you owned them double. What a noble cause by nobles.
The car aspect really resonates with me. I don’t have a car and live in one of those beautiful city cores. For a long time, whenever I visited friends who live in suburbs, I was dumbfounded at the lack of any kind of beauty. I couldn’t understand how people could stand living surrounded by so much ugliness, and I felt bad for my friends, not understanding how they could possibly be content. Then I got a ride in someone’s car and realized what the issue was: I had been biking to all these places. I had been experiencing the audiovisual cacophony of the freeways, the endless cookie-cutter neighborhoods and the artless big box stores at a human scale and pace that they were never supposed to be experienced at. My friends, in their cars, had no idea what a wasteland they lived in, because all they ever saw was a short glimpse in between their cozy homes and the manicured insides of the big box stores.
Form follows finance.
It's the same thing with every type of design and medium
Wait what? Capitalism is one of the root causes of our problems? That's shocking! Who would have thought!
Even weirder to me are people who think modern buildings look ugly. I think having naked angels everywhere and stone that turns puke-green over time is kinda gauche.
It was nice that you mentioned the beatiful train station at the end of the video ^^
i also seem to recall that the ornamentation industry was heavily unionised, due to requiring  a lot more specialized labour compared to other construction industries, so i wouldn't be surprised that devolpers basically decided to kill it once they had an excuse (the great depression was the final nail in the coffin iirc)
The inflection point was the MoMA Modern Architecture : international exhibition, 1932. That catalog was widely shared and at the dawn of the Great Depression, business was eager for any excuse to cut costs. The "international style" is defined by its lack of cultural reference (hence "international"). After this exhibition during this economic period, Modernism began to die and Classical was buried. Modern does not equal International, and the public needs to know this. In a desperate gasp for a sense of meaning to architecture, post-modern was born 30 years later, and the masses wept.
I assume it is because of cost effeciency.
Ornaments were mass produced in the past. I live in a part of Nuremberg that was built in the late 1800s to house the workers of the factories and nearly every building has some kind of ornamentation or other decorations. If you look carefully while you walk through the city you will see the same gargoyles, eagles, arches, stone carvings and whatnot over and over again.
The thing is that people say that the architecture in “olden days” was much nicer the truth that what we see today are just the few buildings that survived theough the since all the ugly architecture from the past mostly went down. Also just because someone might say that its just plain building doesnt mean its plain at all. For example i live in brno, city filled with Bauhaus and funcionalist architecture, and even though its simple it doesnt mean its because sometimes the beauty lies in simplicity
Reason n°4 : ...  I should have seen it coming....
Capitalism destroys art.
it'll always be funny to me how conservatives want to preserve to beauty of the past while also advocating for car dependency. all of their views are contradictory.
👍👍👍
Honestly these past projections from your old persuasion are shallow and over all just sad. You ran from one hell into another. That aside buildings aught to be beautiful and ever evolving. I know you damn well that Neo classical was quite nice. Also just cause big capital has to spend more money that is a bad thing? Lord forbid the workers have something nice to look at. You are no left winger just a liberal with a hint of revolution to you. Damn shame. Shame on you for dragging others into your filth. Also nice ad read you coward.
Greed is God in Amerikkka
Third world ......
Always glad to see you show with quick wit how the fascists' worldview crumbles the moment you apply any sort of scrutiny or thought to it. It truly is the worldview for the terminally cognitively lazy.
It's always hilarious how the right like to scheme up these elaborate reasons as to why things suck. And in reality its just capitalism. It always boils down to minimuzing costs and maximizing profits.
I swear, the gimmick twitter account with ancient greek marble head profile picture is not being critical about classical but just having fetishization of the classical era
Adam something, Will you make a video about  1) education system in World ( Your opinion on whether it is good or bad ) If good than why and if bad than why  2) can joblessness be solved  3) how to become better at study ( I am a college student in India )
Zoning was changed here in Portland, Oregon a few years ago, and now there are no zoning laws, so you can tear anything down and build up to 29 units before you have to add parking. There is only one other US city with these loose/non-existent laws. Anyway, thousands of units have been built since, and most are ugly, but a few have been wrapped with a aluminum layer and maybe a stone counter top, but they then can charge a extra hundred bucks rent.
do you know why really there are no ornaments, and everything is so bland? pigeons. pigeons and insects. if you wanna clean it, or deal with the fuckin pigeons next to your window that likes to sit just outside of your reach - you can build an ornament, or - nasty shit sitting/nesting place. also maintenance would mean youd have to tear down an ornament, and restick it if you wanna change/fix/insulate/refresh. ofc, its shit they charge like its made of gold, but i would say there are multitude of problems you didnt take into consideration.
I would argue that next to tastes being different, the beauty that is there in modern buildings is sometimes too niche to be seen by anyone other than people who are already familliar with architecture and design. They might see technical solutions visible in the exterior as beautiful, in the same way that a trained art professional can see mastery in paintings where most people can't
This is something I think about a lot. I hope after WW3 we will build nice things again.
Another, smaller factor is also just plain survivorship bias. The past had its own bland, ugly, decrepit buildings just like today. It's just that those were usually first in line to be torn down and replaced, while the well-built, good-looking ones were more likely to be kept around and continually renovated.
its so sad really, because its really easy to add some kind of depth in the building which would make it alot nicer to look at.
I... had not realized the bit about car-centric places stealing beauty.  When you said it, it became so clear.  Where humans walk around, things are always better looking because you're now appealing to a human sense of aesthetics instead of rushing by in a car.
honestly some of those commie blocks don't even look bad, at least the well-maintained and colourful ones
i love your cats
I recognize the "left-wing" building at 3:50! It's a residential complex/shopping mall at Severnoye Chertanovo, 1A, Moscow. It's built in 2000s by a company called "Capital Group".
Most of these current designs are also but to be maximum efficiency based on Zoning laws.
Vehicles are the same shite
You would wear a minimalistic and elegant suit for a job interview but would you wear it at home?
I hate capitalism. It ruins everything.
You're sounding more and more like a Georgist.
you forgot ww1 and ww2 it required huge building projects that had to be cheap and quick to build which developed new techniques for cheap and quick building processes, seen as almost all architects are now working in this style that is what they build from then on.
Grover house
A friend is an architect and can tell what application was used to design a building based on the pre-sets. It’s probably linked to reducing costs but it would be interesting to see if anyone has done any research on that side of design.
Adam, Wen sarcastic NFT video?
Very good video! Thank you!
Capitalism: *shoots beautiful architecture* Capitalism: "Why would communists do this?"
Without watching the video i could only guess that either it cheaper or it easier to build
New Adam video! Today can't be a bad day anymore! <3
A necessary video given how marble statue pfp infested the goddamn internet has become.
There is also 5th point. People that are buying this houses, don't care about outside beauty or even worse. See this "modern" contraptions a something nice and desirable.
I have to disagree with your point at 2:06 actually - I did once wear a very similar 17th century style outfit for a job interview. It was a job as a costumed tour guide though, so I'm guessing that might be considered an exception.
I love your fluffy cat.
It’s always the cars.
The word beautiful being in quotes in the title is the epitome of gaslighting.
I’m not against modernist architecture, I’m against it literally being the same in every city. When New York, London, Mumbai and Tokyo’s new buildings are all the same, I feel that it takes away from the existing architecture and culture of that area.
Ez a legjobb csatorna a TeCsövön.
Great content, as always.
Cant you just retrofit ornaments to commieblocks?
I like how it always seems to end as a critic of the modern US society, like, "hey, Americans, I have a message for you" but not shouted, simply put as obvious as possible, without shouting it
I always find it funny how people that don't think depression is real are also the kind that think that buildings looking boring is for the purpose of making them depressed and "crush their spirit".
Building standards are out the window. English people no longer expect a seperate living room and kitchen (gruesome when you have a family). People no longer expect windows in a kitchen or bathroom. Glenfell Tower was a result of a catastrophic collapse of regulations.
You are wrong. The only reason we had a housing bubble in 2008 in the US is because of low intrest rates. Same as today
I personally like the looks of a city full of skyscrapers and some modern apartments too mostly because I don't them every day(3rd world country). To me they are beautifull
Adam if you see this i would like to say that your cats are SO cute.
I mean ... we still do, only diffrence is it's privat houses of millionaires and above ...
My favorite architectural styles are colonial (South America), baroque and a bit of neoclassical and art deco, because i constantly walk by these types of buildings where I live.
you guys are buildng new buildings?
I've lived in Gent for 5 years. Those old building are very charming!
Yeah we could have nice apartments, but soulless concrete boxes (that will require top-down repairs within less than two decades) are nice too I guess.
You should have a look at the "Karl-Marx-Allee" in Berlin. It's a series of commie blocks that actually look nice and are full of ornaments.  It's a boulevard that was used for parades, so it had to look good.
Adam please read Julia black’s insider article about billionaires promoting pronatalism.
Now you'll have something nice to look at from under the bridge!
I've just got to live *IN* there. Why should I care for the OUTside?
I like Brutalism.
I think in a way you can see it as, having a kitchen with running water a flushable toilet electrical wiring, is where the money for ornamentation would have gone, now goes.
3:09 Both of you are just too cute haha
Here's your summary of architecture since 1950: Easier to build with L and T structures, that's why everything is a cube.
I honestly lost your channel after you changed your pfp
A general box shape is ok for a house, but PLEASE put some ornaments on them!!!! * screams *
02:27 Noooooo not the cat!
I hope one day we will look back on “modern” architecture as that weird interim period between beautiful architecture
It's about profits
More of the cats please.
LMAO, Adam is shilling some supplements now. What's next? How conservatives are responsible for putting chemicals in the water that make the frogs gay?
Peddling supplements? WTF? Are you trying to look like you're not to be trusted?
Bring back cravats!
I think one of the other things modernism happened was because for hundreds of years architecture had been becoming less ornamental, look at a Baroque architecture then Victorian neo classical, there is less ornamentation and you'll see this with Edwardian buildings and then rebuilding after ww1 had to be quick and then after ww2 a=had to be even quicker.
its exactly like this in amsterdam
Imádom a videóid!
Is it because it's cheaper like that?
As a swede I kind of hate functionalism. We even have a functionalist church in my city. It just looks like a slab. Atleast have the Churches look good.
Why is this thing bad? Capitalism
simple house = fast & cheap house
Quote of the Day: “It’s a decent plot for a Disney movie but reality is a little more complex.”
Hold on, he gonna talk about those aesthetic tradfash retvrn evropa twitter accounts
I actually like the modern buildings much better and everyone else still calls them trash and im just ??????????????????
The answer is always economies of scale. It's difficult to build unique intricate things that are affordable at the same time. Ornamentation has a cost that scales very fast.
Unexpected, but not unwanted
I'm watching now but wanted to say - this kills me. 90% of every building added to London is horrible, cheap, nasty looking and has repairs being conducted two years after they go up. Neo-libarlism is a cancer that destroys everything it touches.
Based AF
When I watch videos of random buildings being planned in the Middle East, I’m reminded of the channel. This time, it’s ‘The Mukaab’ in Riyadh which is a huge cube.
Let me guess.... IT WAS THE DAMN CARS  I WAS RIGHT
The world hast to move on
I'm gonna make a quick guess: cheaper materials and labor
Me in Minecraft on my way to build a historical town:
I know right. The town I live in does have a historic ish area, or area with old buildings. Drive down a mile and now its full of massive apartment buildings
Hi
Why would we need beautiful buildings when we have you, Adam? <3
We do.. it's just that it's done for ugly reasons.. as usual.. in a different era. take the medieval tinted specs off bro'
Oh my my what a catastrophe!
IM FIRST TO SEE THIS VIDEO
The architecture of tomorrow shouldn't try to imitate old beautiful building styles but try to create new, unique buildings that combine function and aesthetics.
Fucking First :D
real
how could anyone think building a bunch of tall rectangles is a good idea
first, baby
It's interesting to know the history begin these buildings. They've made a significant cultural impact over the years.
Hi
Hi
