Listen to Out of Character: http://sprtspod.fox/OOC
Its crazy how nobody talking about his teammates who were trying to calm him down and help him smh he quit on his brothers i knew right then he wud never play in the NFL again✌🏽
The fact he took a shot at Brady shouldve showed people that the this was not about an ankle
Antonio doing what he's does best,being his own worst enemy.when a dude has so much and acts like this,lacks any humility,no way anyone should feel sorry for him
AB has never been the same since the hit he took by Vontaze Burfict.
Nfl think slavery still Exists Run boy run...
Here we have a ultimate team player, hall of famer and 2 time Super Bowl Champion vs a person who loves the spotlight but doesn't do what it takes to be a professional. Even Terrell Owens had to say something. As for Antonio Brown having a ankle injury, he's lying through his teeth. The NFL was done with AB but Tom Brady gave this ungrateful obnoxious selfish individual one last chance. AB had better start being conservative with his money because money doesn't last forever. Shannon Sharp is a professional. He'll have another job waiting after this gig is up. AB is heading for a very rough time very soon.
We've seen this before. Is this really surprising to anyone?
Keep praise liitle boy behavior in the NFL. IT WILL ONLY BRING MORE!  LITTLE BOYS PLAYING A MANS GAME.
@ 4:20 lol so confident in his cowboys.. had to come back and dump on Skip
Sorry but the tampa bay organization needs to be fined and lose draft picks. Roger Goodell needs to make example out of tampa bay for making player play hurt. No team should ever make player play hurt.
The shots are great till they aren’t . But curtain goes up it’s game time .
AB is a textbook narcissist. It’s never his fault. Always needs attention and adoration. Causes problems, then uses what he caused to gaslight other people. Puts on a fake face to charm people, then screws them too.
I hate that we are making it ok for players to be force to play when it’s not in the players best interest….I like Shannon Sharpe but just because  you risked your well being every time you “shot your ankle up” doesn’t mean the next player should…to numb your ankle and continue playing could complete ruin ability to walk let alone play. We are used as entertainment when Antonio Brown is done it’s on to the next just like everybody else.
I can't stand how Shannon Sharp is defending Antonio Brown  that's why he gets paid the big money to play games like this no matter what that's your job you can't do the job sit on the bench don't even think you can play if you're hurt.  Antonio Brown should have just told the coach he can't play but he got mad because he didn't get his bonuses like Gronk did 😥😥😫😫
Boomin apologize bro!! Football fans are forgiving!! Just apologize for the behavior you know was strictly you. Be honest with yourself brother. You're a special talent
I feel like trolling AB on Twitter.
AB is a narcissist and not exactly dealing with a full deck. He says he's an alpha male. Well, that's all fine and dandy since that means he''ll be near the cliff edge overseeing things. Just push him off.
All of those problems with his ankle. But he does jumping Jack's at the exit of the game. Smh. Ok.
Between likely having CTE and getting shot up with cortisone, which does affect your behavior like other steroids, it's a bad combination.
I'm a prisoner in my own mind-----Kevin Gates
He can respond however he wants, it’s just football humans are crazy
Shannon facts say it all.  Cause to take off your uniform.. Hes behavior was too showy as Shannon says.  The incentive thing is what makes the most sense but hes too big of player to demand that type of attention . at this point in his career all eyes are always on him.   He shouldve handled different
Ankle injuries are no respecter of person you wake up and your very first step is excruciating pain
AB is a joke come on move on from this!!
I feel bad for the man, not the player.  AB cannot operate without being the center of attention, good or bad.  Cannot imagine he plays in the NFL ever again.  Very sad! I think he needs mental assessment.
AB ("A Baby") Speaks Out🍼🍼🍼
Shannon a straight shooter
I was really happy for A.B when the Bucs gave him another chance after the episode with he's kids on social media. It's really sad. If he has CTE, then I'm hoping he seeks help soon. Most ppl don't get to make the amount of money in their life time like some of these athletes. What happened to being humble!?
Shannon stop worrying about the people, what about the truth!
Shannon, AB is tired of these mfers controlling the narrative.  AB is a marketing genius!
Shanon is a clown. this is the same man that LITERALLY said not to speak on another mans body and another mans injury. And look what he did.
Ebonics on Television...How professional
0:07 chick looking like the grinch..just gotta paint her face green lol
Shannon is still an idiot though.
I've always respected Sharpes honesty...
I don't have anything to say about most of this dumb stuff Antonio did but I will say, just bc he wasn't limping and crying like a baby doesn't mean he wasn't hurt. My good friend Nate has broken both of his ankles multiple times, I remember we were playing football one time when he broke his left ankle and didnt even flinch a little bit. In fact he still played for a little bit but then it started to hurt alot so he went to get it checked out.maybe it wasn't hurting earlier in the game and started to right before he left the game. Granted idk why he did what he did, but even so if it's hurt that doesn't automatically mean he's going to be limping like an injured deer lol
so shannon Sharpe is saying that every nfl player is addicted to dope
He thought they was going loose
Remember Skip.. this idiot caused me a Fantasy football  championship. Just sayin… that’s the other side you should think about as well.. AB. Is a clown.
AB is suffering from CTE. One of his close friends let the cat out of the bag. Instead of criticizing AB. Let's get AB some help.🙏♥️
Skip always be damn extra on his comments for these types of dramatic situations...like bro, what's your point?
Hes a diva. We all knew it from the beginning and the only reason its gone on as long as it has is because if the nfl does anything about it, theyll be labeled as racist. Hes childish. And look, if it is mental stuff. See a doctor. Get on medication. Youre too old to be letting all of this stuff hinder you from having a career. What im wondering is where this all came from. I didnt even hear of AB til he was basically already labeled as the best in the league playing for Pittsburgh, towards the end there. He mustve been fine up til then. What happened?
Eye take no pleasure in saying this, but think about it. How many of U served in the US military? How long U think AB would survive US Marine Corp Boot camp? Ever C former US Marine Lee Ermee in 'Full Metal Jacket"? The Drill Sergeant ? AB needs Soul  healing  When U are what love isUr Soul has everything it needs 2 experience a state of peace, love and balance. He doesn't experience eternal peace in his Heart & Soul  Why? Trauma 2 the Soul fragmentation
Shannon want everyone to be like him! Like how!!! Dude stop acting like you were the GOAT of the NFL! Get outta here with that BS
The bucs got what they asked for dudes crazy
I took a polaroid picture of A.B. It was " slow to develop ".
He's a super gremlin
Shannon just mad AB was talking shiiet to lebron about him hahaha
As someone who was diagnosed Bipolar 11 ( its my burden to bear and it is no excuse. I work,  own a home, family etc. ) to me it appears he is undiagnosed Bipolar or something more. Obviously I am not an expert. But this type of behavior is not normal and has the Bipolar flavor to it.
I stand with AB! My well being and my life is more important then a football team who will replace me anyways.
WOW I LOVE THIS ! FOR THE FIRST TIME IN A LONG TIME I AM TOTALLY IN AGREEMENT WITH SHANNON !!!
Some things don't need to be expressed should just walk to the locker room
The thing is you can not tell someone how to react. Even if it seems irrational.
AB wasting his prime losing millions just to be on the spotlight,enough of this clown.
Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Junior🤣🤣🤣
AB said he had taken pain kilers
It all becomes clear at 3:57
His prior antics will always outshine the current situation for AB even if he was right. Your reputation proceeds you. Not handled properly at all.
Shannon Sharpe is one who is saying your health isn't as important as the Game Gotchu Shannon , it doesn't make you analysis correct Shannon !
AB is the Ricky Bobby of the NFL
I get irritated getting woken out my sleep , I can only imagine dealing with an ankle injury plus not getting my touches while trying to play threw it. 😂
shannon if your boss throat slashed you and told you your tf done you gonna just leave calmly? dont sell your blackness
Shannon went into butter biscuit mode.
All I'm hearing is DID? DID? DID? from Skip.  Weren't they supposed to find all this information out before they uploaded the videos before this one,  is all this KAP & CLOUT to get us viewers pumped up?
Skip don't worry about it Antonio Brown no what he doing leave Antonio Brown alone
Say Shannon Sharpe time change just like the football rules man Raider pop Antonio Brown you can't force a man to do what you want him to do everybody got their own decisions and personality he knows what's good for him you know what was good for you
I owe the Steelers a huge apology 🤦🏾‍♀️🤣 he gives every team a headache and even as a Packer fan, I feel like you shouldn't disrespect Tom. He gave you the chance you needed to play there.
He was worried about that bonus.. Don't blame anybody other than AB. He threw a little fit. Let's hear about his catch bonus
He's not no work mule like you
Shannon should lace them up again!!
An BA ca my io ra th can people just say the sentence it's not that much longer. This is with everything sort cuts. You never experienced the human experience with all these sort cuts...lmao oopss
I think you guys are the best NFL commentators. SHANNON is the man and you guys compliment each other.
I can’t believe Big Ben made AB go off the field like that
I AGREE 100 percent perfectly said , NO REASON FOR HIM TO ACT THAT WAY AND WALK OUT THAT WAY ,
THE COACH SAID UR FIRED DONALD TRUMP VOICE AND AB DID THE TONY MONTANA AND THREW HIS UNIFORM IN THE COACH FACE🐐🐐🐐
AB helped beat KC in the Superbowl and sent mahony back home with those red shoes.
You analyists can go way off at times.....I know they pay you guys to speak...but man..do your homework and stop interjecting most of the time. Skip you cannot read minds..and you sure cannot read Brady's mind when it comes to AB.
When Skip sighs at the beginning of his turn to talk, he’s about to say some bullsh*t.
Honesty sounds like Micheal Thomas was doing.
Shannon with all that B.A. ...A.B...B.S. just say they names Maannnnn...
You have to admit that AB is good for these YouTube NFL channels, LOL!
So.......does Shannon look like Barney or Nah?
Skip is slowly morphing into Betty White… Godspeed
Damm football AB need his own podcast the home alone stuff is classic lol 😆 I sure he could entertain off the field
He innocent
F AB
rip bob
Crazy how much y’all hold these athletes to higher standards then the office
This guy is no good for the league.  Get rid of him. No more chances please.
I said it once and I'll say it again another Terrell Owens
I hope the Bucs win it all just because of this.
How can yall play like that another type of slavery smh yall think that man is crazy but frfr the NFL use black players up and when they get fed up they make the players look crazy asf
AB loves the nonstop coverage 🤣
I know that isn't remotely the point of this video, but somebody needs to find Shannon a tailor who realizes that his arms are enormous.
The Antonio clown show has come to and end!😝😂😂
Didn't we learn anything from Kawhi Leonard? It's not about you Shannon. The Buc's knew what they were getting into and now they are acting like they are blameless.
This is what make uncle Shay Shay great. He’s speaking truth
I see a low IQ narcissist.
Browns "legal guardian" spent too much time at the club on Wednesday nights
Skip is garbage. He wants to give AB the benefit of the doubt. AB has shown that he is ignorant, selfish, disrespectful and has a track record of being an A$$. No excuses and no more chances.
i will sign AB at a dime if I was the chiefs
BA
Histrionics
It's just funny how during all that is going on in this bad Syfy movie that we are living that this AB situation is the topic of discussion? Wow?
ankle theory ended or "broke" whe he started to jump in the endzone. what an id***.
Why does anyone even care about him anymore stop talking about him and move on
Shannon has became just like sas anytime they can kick a black man down they have a ball the coach clearly lied about knowing of ab injury which tells me he’s lying bout way more but everyone gonna take Arians and Tom side like they DNt lie just like Tom lied about the balls being deflated ab has never been accused of lying just accused of bad behavior so even tho he has a shacks resume when it comes to this I DNt think he jus quit bcuz grind was gettin the ball bcuz if that’s the case he coulda been did that earlier this yr and he had five targets to Gronk 7 at half time so why wouldn’t he wanna play it’s not like he wasn’t gettin thrown too the bucs can manipulate the media and just say brown didkt wanna come in cuz he wasn’t gettin ball and everyone will run with it
AB fakes the ankle injury just like he faked his Covid vaccination certificate. Hopefully he never gets to play again.
The real travesty is that he will still end up getting paid $millions for quitting the way he did.
Shannon: “I know I played 14 years in the NFL” Skip: *Shrugs shoulders 🤷
No disrespect to Burger King, but give Antonio an application.
4 teams let AB go in less than 2 yrs.....his career is done.
The man played on an injured ankle and he needs surgery and is getting surgery enough said
Shannon is sucu a yes man
Ok ok.  He was not cool with the less throws towards him,  and then used his injury to stop playing.   He is a diva.  That’s also football.
They don’t makem like the use to… 😂
Shannon Sharpe brotha are you serious just because you play with ankle injury doesn’t mean everybody can do it  you on national Tv Trying to discredit another NFL player because you had similar Injury Don’t you know you’re talking about a grown man Brady doesn’t have to co-sign Antonio Brown’s injury for it to be true
Not everyone is level headed but that doesn't make his ankle and get off my field . a pass to deflect
I hope Brady learns, no good deed goes unpunished and for certain people theres  no hope and there will be no change.
Look at Shannon putting on his best dancing shoes for the corporations, sad
That u we are all different brown is doing what he has to do.
Stop saying Skip. We know and he knows that you're talking to him...Stop it!
Serious question. How did Mike Tomlin, the head coach of the Pittsburgh Steelers, manage to keep Antonio Brown under control? Because ever since he left the Steelers, he’s been a wreck.
i don't disagree with anything either of you said.  i know you've seen the hit vontaze burfict put on him.  look at AB before and after.  totally different dude.  not making excuses for him, but there might be something there...
For AB, it was about the money
Lol that boy AB said “coach I’m hurt !”
Shannon really not shying off from this Barney thing huh
Shannon is a great analyst when it comes to football, i loved watching him play because he had class and it shows now,  him and skip make a great team,
I believe Antonio Brown and I understand how he feel good choice for walking away from a team who clearly will replace him I respect everything he did I'm not sorry
Certain talents transcend the code of “honor and accountability to your team” and all the other stuff people will say as they grandstand and virtue signal. Don’t believe me? Look at the misconduct from any top talent and tell me they don’t get the 3rd, 4th, 5th chance. Rodman comes to mind. Dude bailed on his team during a playoff run getting high and drugged out in Vegas. Other guys beat their wives.
If you not going to let AB in your private world and see you when you are vulnerable and keep eyes and ears on you while hidding his face .  Then stop it with your wrong perceptions and you dont have the right to be judging him
Treat people the way you would want to be treated,   only Gof can judge AB . we dont know what he goes thru in the inside , fighting what he fighting against.
Feels good to here Shannon call it like it is and not defend ab.
AB pretty strong putting up with all of that and still keeping a smile on his facd and having his head up moving forward with his life to  be completely honest. Because he is facing a unfair fight in the NFL.  Not taking his side just putting myself in his shoes.
Funny thing is AB jogged off the field like he felt fine.  I aint buying his story.
AB is nothing more or less than an immature child in a mans body.  In another way to describe him, the elevator never reaches the top floor.
It’s not about being right its about being happy. -Antonio Brown
All I know is if this was Pittsburg, the story would be how Tomlin has lost the locker room, and how he should be fired. Where is that energy for Bruce Arians? Bill bellichick never allows stuff like this. Where is that energy?
Shannon and Skip are awesome
He played the buccs , now from that statement he made i dislike him
AB is a toxic egomaniac. He has no character and lacks integrity... faking the vax card, I thought, was the lowest, but walking out in the middle of a game is the worst.
Skip, we really don't like you.
I am so disappointed in AB . Sorry for the Goat having to be subjected to the tantrum of a child like mind. I stood with my Wife for 32 years having to deal with her manic depressive disorder. Any amount of taking and listening to the affected will not cure it. Medication is a must , of course my Wife never stayed with it . It's always someone else in her life that's creating the mental distress.  AB  is manic depressive,  also know as bipolar disorder. By the way, it does not go away by itself.
AB's decision making is not rational @all. Gotta 🙏 for'im
Really Shannon!! Why did you abuse your body like that? Shooting up your ankles??!! So, this is what the NFL practice? Let's tell the truth. Let's reveal the real secrets of the NFL. I saw years ago how they used drugs to numb their players pain before games. Someone needs to investigate and report on what drugs are used on their players now. We all love the game but don't know about the pain and suffering that go on behind close doors.
How very desperate would a team have to be to sign this guy after the way he acted?  Some say its some kind of consequence of concussions.  I don't know the man, and it really doesn't matter why he does these things.  He is either unable or unwilling to do his job, which is run routes, catch passes, and embarass defenses.  Why matters if he gets treatment for the problem...if its due to concussions the last thing he should do is play more, and face more damage.  If its just mindset or ego, there is no fixing that until he can admit he has a problem and its not everyone else being bad to him.
Drama Queens never seem to be too emotionally unstable to want to collect dat money huh?
You already know what you're going to get with a B. I feel sorry for them not. In fact I'm happy this happened because I'm going to start siding with Antonio ON everything from here on out because I'm tired of it. People keep writing him checks and putting him in front of cameras and letting him run touchdown and then when he flips out let's have this conversation all over again. I'm tired of it I support all things Antonio Brown. From here on out. I could care less about the bucks or any other team that brought that guy on after he did what he did with the Steelers. Hooray hooray for Antonio Brown. For he's a jolly good fellow.
Look man the guy don't want to be there no more. The Admiral is ready to move on to other conquests. It was fun but it's over. Get over yourself. I'm over it. He's over it. We're over it. Get over yourself.
The purple suit and cigars and Hennessy. Shannon sharpe is completely irrelevant. These same two Charletons also dissed Terrell Owens that he would never be in the hall of fame. When Terrell made it these two worms were destroyed.
The cowboys need him . We will put him in check
Lol I love Shannon roasting AB he literally been in the same situation but he's a not an immature 30 year old
As an athlete I understand what Shannon is saying it's about how you handle things....But I can't expect everybody to act like me as if they are me and have my make-up or thoughts and feelings  about the same things I do. But I understand He has to sway it the way according to agenda/ a paycheck🤷🏾‍♂️
His statement didn't sound like AB HA HA I AGREE BECAUSE HE DESTROYS THE ENGLISH LANGUAGE AT EVERY OPPORTUNITY
Tom Brady is not a angel he is about winning there is two sides tow a story AD running around that does not mean he is not hurt
Interesting...they are used to getting injections for injuries but won't take the COVID vaccine. Things that make you say hmmm...
Shannon is perfect for this conversation. AB needs to give him a call.
shannon still jacked. he stretching that jacket to its breaking point, lol
Everyone is saying AB could’ve handled it differently. AB wasn’t talking to himself on the sideline, Bruce Arians and the Bucs organization could’ve handled it differently as well.
Hes one of the best wrs to play the game and Bruce arians don't give a fuxk. I'd like to see Bruce arians catch a football one handed on national tv
Trophy generation playing in the NFL
WhOOf! My GAWD, JENNY!  ~~Just 10 MINUTES~~
Is it possible Antonio Brown has CTE from shots he took to the head.  The hit to the head he took from Vontaze Burfict durning the Pittsburg vs Cincinnati playoff game was one of the most brutal hits I have ever seen in a NFL game.  The following year Burfictt gave Brown another concussion with a dirty shot to the head.
Shannon Sharpe just nailed his explanation. I truly believe EVERY football player plays HURT at some point during their careers. Most of the time WE never know what they TRULY go through because they handle themselves like a professional.  AB does the exact opposite with EVERY TEAM he has EVER PLAYED FOR. Some players have called him selfish & all he cares about it is himself. AB never even played a game for the RAIDERS  before he complained about the Helmets... it just seems like DRAMA follows him around no matter where he goes or what he does. Which makes it hard to believe anything that comes out of his mouth...
Man he was right at about the riaders being racist but yall aint gone say nothing
Soccer players take their shorts off all the time
Skip and Shanon lost me when they think there isn’t anything wrong with Antonio Brown’s mental health. CTE is real.
The fact that Shannon got ankle shots doesn't mean that his injury was identical to AB's. I wish everyone would just shut up and let the medical professionals determine what's what.
AB got zero cred, but dude is fighting tooth and nail man.  If your out there all shot up, taped up and bustin custs, get open and then don't get the ball, its like ok fair enough.  Happens again, no ball, man that ankles getting cold, then again oh ok, "your feeding Gronk now huh?"
And one other thing also I feel like when you be professional about certain things to the point that the public doesn't see it but inside the franchise sees it and then when you try to do certain things the franchise will make sure nobody else finds out they will keep it amongst they sell and then when you try to do certain things they want to allow you to do nothing maybe he did this to call out for help because at the end of the day that's how they always are and that's how I always franchises or different people that own certain things that has things like this involved they always want to keep it on a low and do they own thing about it because if he want to never get this and then he would have turned around and they would have fired him or they wouldn't allow him not to play and then they would do some out there they would have automatically said that it's his fault that we fired him because he want to act the right and all this type of stuff or whatever the case might be sometimes people do things to show people this is the only step that I can take otherwise I can't take no other step I'm trying to let the public see what's going on and it's something that's been going on for decades and it's now time for people to see what's really happening
A lot of people don't understand that when you get hurt from a football injury you don't really know what your body can tolerate on top of that everybody's body is different but the part that he was jogging off the field if you have bad ankles or sprained fingers or whatever they have people that can take you up real good basically what I'm saying is if you have any type of injury ankle sprained wrist whatever they have the people in there that can wrap you up real good to the point that that injury won't hurt so much or allow you to be in or whatever so much because it's taped up and it's wrapped up if you play football you know exactly what I'm talking about I had my anger twisted real bad to the point that I had to tape it up and for every game and plus during practice to keep all the tension off of me doing any more damage that shot and taping it up probably got to the point that he can walk on but he can still be in pain but the big picture of this is coaches and staff and the people on the team do count on you even when you injury until they know you cannot walk or your leg completely broken or to the point that you can't do nothing that's when they say you did a good job otherwise you going to play and that's what it is
His ankle? AB was jumping around.
But he classy cuz Dat game dey lost
It's hurting
Lower back
Hip , knee , shoulder  , ankle is the injery
I love ❤ A.B because he stands up for himself and doesn't bow down, that's the problem these teams and the NFL have with him, because he chooses to be a man and don't let these teams and NFL treat him like a child(boy). These teams coaches and the NFL organization has to realize you are not talking to and dealing with children, these are fully grown men and should be respected as such! This is not high school sports!
If he's had the same behavior then wouldnt it be mental? Other antics from him have leaned twords mental as well.  Also Brady literally had AB living with him so he would probably know ABs mental state a bit more then most...
Don't Brady have incentives in his contract?
Mike Tomlin, Mike Mayock and Mike the Moving guy and Mike the Personal Chef(if that’s their their name) are all smirking right now 😂 😂 😂sociopath do what they do!
How hurt could he be?  He was doing jumping jacks on his way off the field.
Soooo this isn't about the coaches holding him from that big bonus from breaking the records
Damn, so Tom Brady can throw and destroy tablets without consequence?
When I first saw the tweets of media "experts" buying into Brown's excuses my reaction was pretty much what Shannon expressed here. There is this thing call the DL, ann Brown wasn't on it. If you ain't on it there ain't team mate 1 who's gonna have your back if you ain't chomping at the bit to be in the game. Zero f*cks to give over here. Sincerely,  Ronnie Lott's Pinky
Shannon really disappointed me on this one. If the man is hurt and being threatened by the couch to play anyway than why put all the blame on Antonio and none on the coach?
AB a BALLER 💯 AB as a person..............he a Bum !!!!!!!
WHITE MAN IN PURPLE BLAZER
Shannon a big country bumpkin hater
All the trash Skip talks “Aaron Rodgers, 1-4 in NFC Championships, cost his team a game and it excludes him from any MVP conversations.” Meanwhile “Who is Tom Brady’s GUY! The one, other than Gronk, he looks to in tough moments? AB. AB’s coming back!”
So, AB's ankle was hurt, but he was skipping across the damn field with his jersey off!
After the Burfict hit, any man being hurt and made vulnerable like that could act very irrational and bizarre when trying to be a warrior and play through (not complain) but also having something deep down within override that (survival mechanism) when feeling forced back in. That hit plus feeling (paranoid) like people are against you creates a trigger for Antonio
AB should goto the lions lmao hear me out he be a captain 🤣😂 get paid fasho and do wtf he want he in the city lmao
How would Brady mention the ankle after the game? Players aren't quickly updated about what happens on the sidelines and least if all what happens with other players injuries! You guys are IDIOTS. N Brady isn't his friend because if he were he wouldn't be talking about him needing help BEFORE HE EVEN KNOWS WHAT HAPPENED! YOUR FRIEND HAVE YOUR BACK FIRST BEFORE ANYTHING AND EITHER WON'T SPEAK ON OR SAY THINGS IN YOUR FAVOR BEFORE SAYING YOU "NEED HELP". HE ONLY CARES ABOUT HIS IMAGE. ALSO IF ARIANS DID DO THAT HE'S IN TROUBLE AND THE BUCS ARE IN TROUBLE FOR TRYING TO FORCE AN INJURED PLAYER TO PLAY, N SHANON THIS USNS OUR FATHERS AND GRANDPARENTS NFL WHEN PLAYERS WITH INJURIES AND CONFUSIONS GET TO GO IN AND OKAY AND HATE ON THE ONES WHO DON'T WANT TO FURTHER RISK THEIR HEALTH
His ankle seemed fine when he's jogging a running off the field
Not only is Shannon an old head but he's so bias and is a total idiot. REMEMBER WHEN TV USED TO HAVE PEOPLE BE NEUTRAL N NOT BE SO GOT DANG BIAS. GARBAGE
Everybody needs to get their STORY straight
OK is it just me, or do quarterbacks not look for the open man to throw to? Because I doubt Tom Brady or any other quarterback in the NFL would say no matter what I’m throwing Xyz the ball. I just think that they are a little more cerebral than that. So to say oh Gronk is your boy or Antonio Brown is your boy that’s the old person can throw two seems ridiculous
there was indeed news that came out the Friday before the game about Antonio Brown having an ankle injury, so I guess he was right to protest .On the other hand maybe Shannon has a point about the way he exited the game.
If AB ankle was hurting, and they weren’t listening, all he had to do was go out for a play, fall down in agony and be CARRIED out!!!!!!!!!🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥰🥰🥰🦿🦿🦵🏾🦵🏿🦵🏿🦵🏿
I think it was the way BA throat slashed towards AB that might have triggered him.
We cant get mad when people tell us go become successful and make millions so you don’t need them and when they act like we don’t need them it’s an issue
You really think the Bucs organization would play their star receiver that Brady loves if he was injured to play against the sorry Jets so close to playoffs? I don't think so
Imagine the bucs winning another superbowl or 2 ,Tom and Antonio retire at the same time and then both wear those hof jackets standing side by side coulda happened
Shannon seems a bit bias against AB lol  He confirmed yes he was injured, yes he was cut, but he’s stuck on why he took the Buccs jersey off and walked off? Geez that’s the least of the worries. Who Gives A 💩 if he took his jersey off.
My ankle hurts OW and l can't go in but l CAN DANCE MY WAY OFF THE FIELD.  L M A O
Is Shannon hard of hearing? Never heard a guy talk so loud to another person sitting across a table.
How much work has Skip had done to his face? He looks like death.
"This is not a game for the most well-adjusted people." --Bill Parcells
Stop lying skip. You ain't talk to nobody. How much Tampa paying you. Old tricks don't work no more. Y'all doing damage control because ab bout to get paid. Y'all only fooling dummies
Nah AB handle it fine, I’ll would do the same thing, you think other peoples options matter, you only live once, gotta live life to fullest
Shannon and mental health, and defending the shield: interesting that Shannon defends NFL here and dismissed mental health, yet other times gets angry about conditions many black Americans experience - AB was abandoned and kicked around others ' couches as a youth in S Florida...not a nurturing envirinment...one most have no idea about - growing up abandoned,  worrying about a roof over one's head and food.
Shannon is right. AB didn't have to run off like that. But do you remember how the Redskins ran RG3 into the dirt? When your hurt, you're hurt.
AB can be irrational and the NFL and/or Bucs can be corrupt and/or unethical, you know? Fox is a partner with NFL (and Vegas, btw)... Truth is somewhere in the midst of all of this. People sticking up for greedy, corrupt billionaires who partner with Vegas. Come on. That's not to say AB is reasonable or a victim, but come on wkth stjckung up for our overlords.
Nobody talks about how Brady's dad has a past with NFL Films, or that his dad is a multi hundred millionaire...factor that in to suspect officiating , ie pass interferences galore, tuck rule, no hitting Tom, etc., and lots of evidence to at least suggest NFL might b rigged. Sports, politics...trillions of $ - it's a pro wrestling world and we fight over it. Divide and conquer.
An aside: but is it 'we know the health risks' or 'they're not taking care of us for the risks we took'. Both are valid. But...if you say both separated by 15 years, is it really any different than what AB did within one day? Oh, and players are hopped up on a lot more than a shot, and Shannon knows it. Pick a side and stick to it..don't do it gladly for the money (THEY KNOW) and then be a victim.  They know..and many many break covid protocols,  of course.
If a player says I'm too hurt to play nobody has a right to try to make him play.
I think ab on the dolphins would really help  tua improve
We should give Skip and Shannon a bag of stones... Who can throw the 1st one!.
another diva like that gymnast that quit the olympics. Pathetic! No, I dont watch football either
He makes so much and it's a team game people that are just about themselves lose respect.  He could of just sat there and dealt with it after.   Why play if you dont want to be the best
The reason why the black community has a problem with you Shannon is because  we all know Antonio Brown is a knucklehead but if he was white he would not be treated that way you fire a guy in front of his teammates coaches staff fans and cameras with a throat slash gesture in the middle of the game on the field which triggered AB and your okay with that kind of treatment it's shameful the fact that you have never addressed this action by Arians.
This dude is A grown baby...I'm sick of hearing about him. Definitely sick of people making excuses for him..
My son played 2 games on a broken foot, basketball, feet and ankles are tough to know how bad they are.  Hated to see the exit, but feeling like AB deserves some love after being trashed for a week.
Brown was on the 19 Madden cover
With all this CTE and players killing themselves after retiring, I think BA amd other coaches/organizations should be held accountable
If Antonio Brown was injured,  why was he dressed to play. Either way it goes NOBODY  will deal with Antonio Brown and his tantrums.
There's an explanation. He saw a chance to burn them and he took it.
AB was FED UP!!! He said F@+$ IT!!!
Coaches don't care for their players. You think Brady really cares for Brown!??? lol that man only cares for his rings.
Did you know Gronks in the doghouse?
In the time it took for Skip to finish to his satisfaction one single point in the conversation, I bought a house, raised 3 children with a woman I previously hadn't met, sold a house, and we are currently shopping for a better home for just my wife and I in Carmel, Ca. since all three kids are out of the house, two of them married now.
Skip you left something out Antonio Brown said that they 💉 injected him with a pain killer a powerful pain killer that's banned in the NFL.
AB is a whining crybaby, who I suspect is also prejudiced. If I never see him on the field again, it would be fine. I'm done with the antics.
I don't agree with Uncle Shay on this one. You can't excuse everything on the team's side because AB acted like a damn fool. Come on. We all know injuries can ruin careers. That's why KD left the Warriors and that's why Isaiah Thomas is getting 10 day contracts.
I went to the emergency room one day, and the doctor told me there was nothing he could do, I just had to ride it out... Then I got charged $400 for that bs, which I'm not paying.... We can go to court on that one.... So I believe AB getting charged $100k for nothing being done may very well have happened.
For all of the people trying to judge BA let’s not forget how AB trashed and disrespected Mike Tomlin who was nothing but professional and respectful.
Shannon Sharpe don't understand bro adrenaline kicks in and you will not feel even a pain so if AB was doing that you have to understand the adrenaline that was going through his body
The man simply wasn't going for Arians running that mouth
Is it the ankle or is it because he was throwing it to GRONK? Make up your mind AB 😂
The only thing that bothers me about the whole thing is if AB was as hurt as he said he was then WTH would he be jumping around acting crazy like he did as he exited????…outside of that BA lied to the media and AB’s text messages prove it.
If what Bruce Arians did was true, cutting him mid game, I don't fault AB for anything he did because it wasn't criminal. Many people lash out when fired over complete nonsense, I have once when I was 17. If he was essentially fired...he's not on the team anymore...those aren't his teammates anymore...he didn't disrespect anything except people's feelings.
Shannon is recused from this argument because he has a bad history with AB. Antonio has the evidence. Period. Point blank.
Shannon don’t like a man standing up for himself. The coaches should NEVER pressure anything. AB has a responsibility to provide for his fam with the millions. His body is everything. The coach should be fined.
As many cameras that are at an NFL game, there's gonna be tape of sideline interactions that's gonna leak.
AB should’ve went in and play one down then fall to the ground and wait for medical support lol
😊
I agree with Shannon. The exit is the problem. I have no doubt that the bucs handled it bad and it went completely left. The way ab handled it though wasn't the best way for him.
Skip you can't be a doctor and reporter at the same time.e
We have to keep in mind that when you are having a good game as Shannon said, it does not hurt as much. The same adrenaline that push excitement is that same when you are misbehaving. When you are out to get attention no matter how you get it is the same adrenaline that excites the psyche. It’s an all eyes on me mentality that uses a lot, a whole lot of adrenaline!
Im so sick of this cry baby beeoch AB! NOBODY likes a poor sport, NOBODY!
"Judge not, and ye shall not be judged condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned forgive, and ye shall be forgiven"
I wasn’t even a thought yet when Shannon was in the league
Why not try and just talk to AB, I'm losing my respect Shannon Sharp!
Shannon over there looking like 🍇
If Arron Rodgers did it he would've been celebrated
blah blah blah
He can exit how he feel! It’s his way NOT SHANNON way! He has freedom to exit as he feel!
TV can not lie to the people. Internet rule with truth! All Shannon talking say nothing! AB said the shot is against Union rules. You have no answer for that rule. You refuse to hold the Bucs responsible! TV is all lies! The man was hurt! Why don’t you cover the fact Bruce lying on TV!
Did Shannon say he needed 120 yards and they gave him 115 and then never targeted him again?  And cus of that he never got 100k?  If so, that's dirty.
Love to see To back in game 🏈🏈🏈
You can’t judge anyone’s level of pain acceptance. Hats off to AB. DO NOT allow anyone to push you to the point of permanent damage. As a coach, you approach players and staff as a man and nothing less. More people need duality in their thinking.
People keep saying " AB was running off the field ",,,,, but AB address that as bring different than the intensity you exert going all out ,,,,, I believe that as an athlete myself and professional stunt man ,,,, or in other words ,,, do you remember when when Kevin Durant had an injury but he was still running and shooting in half intensity off the court or games, but when he got in the real intense game, he re-injured his angle for over a year then he went to the Nets,,, look at Clay Thompson for the warriors,,,, he can run and shot and walk well for year now out an intense game ,, but Steve kerr is smart enough to not put him in an actually all out intense game for the same past year , until he is 100% ,,,, however, if I look at Clay , I can't say 9 months ago or 3 months ago , " he is obviously okay and good to play because he jogged of the field or court ",,,,, that very much two different things ,,,, I worked on a movie in 2010 in New York called. " Tower heist " as a stuntman ,,,, I read the script before the movie started with an injury to my right foot from playing intense basketball at venice beach just moths before , ,,,, I could walk and in the gym I could run on a tread mill in my own way that I looked 100% if you saw me ,,, but I was concerned in the movie that the script might have a scene where I had to run intensely fast and all our ,,,, I never had to run but only fight and be in air on a wire coming down the " Tower " ,,, or in fast car driving scene ,, but nothing in the script required me to run and I was glad because I might have had to pass in the whole movie especially in movies because they want " take one, take two , take three , etc,,, intensity over and over like football require that sane run moore than once in a game for sure ,,,,, so why do these non athletes keep saying " but that doesn't explain Ab was jogging of the field ?,,,,, He explained that in the letter and I believe that from experience ,,,,jogging at your own chosen pace , etc ,,, is totally different that running all out with a defender on you or doing intense routes while someone is guarding the cuts and random turns needed to lose that  defender ,,,,, ask Bo Jackson what the difference is after a run in the game  ended his entire career ,,,peace
At some point and time he's gonna have to look at the man in the mirror and take responsibility for his actions! Its not what you do its how you do it!
Skips source says ab ankle was bothering him yeaaa we all know that Skip 🤦🏽‍♂️
You know It's serious when Skip start to write down notes about a grown man ankles like he a doctor.
tried to force vaxx him and tried to force him to play hurt lol im definitely on AB side lol
This is actually the first time I ever watched these guys, and I think Shannon Sharpe is one of the most well-adjusted ex nfl players ever. He is easily able to take his experience as an NFL player and apply it here and give a great analysis. and he gets straight to the point
Was this not AB's first game back after his vaccination identification debacle?  Brother is a M.I.S.A. (Mental Illness in Substance Abuse) Candidate.  Impulse Control.  Narcissism.  Self-Centered-ness.  Constituionally Incapable of Change.
The guy was out of line the way you left but let's not act like images I mean wasn't really that big of a meltdown now that you break it down he took off his jersey and some other stuff and he's doing this Dance I mean whoopie-doo really break it down and stop talkin about it to me the way he left the field shouldn't be the point but the fighting and all that other stuff complaining that is a problem the fact that he abandon his teammates that is bad but the way you left who cares
He didn't limp to the tunnel, HE RAN!! his career is OVER 🤣😂😆😅🤣
AB is not SS
Shannon been hating on AB since AB was talking trash about him so everyone should expect the hate. Skip always belittle someone. And also he GROWN NOT A KID. U can’t tell a man to handle a situation that’s has nothing to do with u
Maybe the coach should have not have said you are outta here and should have just told him to go have the doctor take a look at his ankle.
Shannon Sharpe gets it right.
When in so much pain, doing jumping jacks seems rather odd behavior.
Skip probably lays in bed all day, because of a sprained ankle..lol. How tf do you determine what a man can do, or how much pain he can tolerate based off your own feelings?
Why do people who debate his actions have to insult his intelligence by claiming he didn't write the statement...does it matter??
Agree with shannon on this. Arians could have said your done, fine. Did he mean for the game? Did he mean for the season? ABs reaction meant he's done as a bucc. So for me, maybe both are at fault but ABs reaction was the final straw, rather than his refusal to play.
Like how Skip tried to downplay AB's intelligence by saying, someone else wrote the statement for him. Skip act as if his talking points are that of genius..lol. Some of the mfs can be dismissive of a person, because of a perceived personality.
Ask jon gruden about antonio
Ab just doing his job we getting involved
Ya an can make winners I know that for sure look at Pittsburgh sence he left
This show is joke, it’s an act
Was running just fine all game and when running off the field 🤦🏻‍♂️
Antonio 🤡
God - the interviewer didn’t stand a chance! All he could say was ‘yep’
I agree with Shannon but he even has said he didn't tolerate coaches cursing at him. So I think at the very least he would have checked ba if he said it. Still will never agree with ab.
If you get fired you leave like you want coach told him he was cut.
How you gonna cut the video right there? Cmon..
Shannon right this time but had no proem siding with AB during the fiasco at Pittsburgh and Big Ben Hypocracy
Look we all handle things differently under pressure and it stress who are we to say he handled it wrong just because we may have not handled it that way its easy for someone to say that outside looking in until it's actually you, Now most of you guys before you even heard his side of the story y'all was saying the man need mental health I see anyone apologizing for jumping that gun to the man funny how the coach says he did not know the man was injured when in fact if you go back to some statements he gave you would find him  Acknowledging the man injury so right their the coach is suspect .
If it wasn’t for football ability AB would be dead or in jail.
Kinda naive to say Brady is helping AB. Brady is helping himself. He sees AB as a mean to help him get more rings. Getting premium talent at a big discount.
Leave AB alone! Either let him play or Don't all the female talk is killing the game !
Arians now looks like Urban Meyer. He has no clue about his players condition. Arians is a Buffon for covering the fake vax, now it's on full display
Love Shannon's take. He is a real professional athlete
Could Skip get to the damn point lmao
I believe AB's version. We can fixate on how he exited. The fact of matter is however, he was being forced to play injured. How long are we gonna keep using his past transgressions against him.
It’s all a show! AB knew quitting like that was going to attract attention
AB is a 🤡
Shout out Skip and Shannon for coming to work everyday
Sorry Shannon. I respectfully disagree with you. AB's dancing around after the fact was childish. But it's AB's own assessment of his own ankle that counts; not yours. You were brave to get your ankle shot up to enable you to play injured. But you don't have the right to (effectively) criticize AB for not "toughing it" and play injured. I have to say oveall Tampa Bay cut AB without thinking it through. Tampa Bay has no first string WR (Evans is not 100%) by cutting AB. Not a wise decision. Tampa Bay's coach said "AB is no longer a Buc" and Tampa Bay feels it has to support the coach. Tampa Bay's chances in the playoffs just went down dramatically.
Why was he cleared to play
Everyone talking about CTE could that have played into the dramatics after being triggered?
Man Shannon sharp stop bringing your own people down, you can’t see they sending black people to take down other black people and everyone injuries are different to each is own so stop trying to down ab dude
Come on Shannon, AB has not been right since he got knocked out on the field in Pittsburgh. It is mental health.
Shannon. Agreed!!!
Who cares if he took off his shirt and left. If the nfl so caring about player safety how is the coach pressuring him to play and telling him to get off the field not worse.
Exactly Shannon was so on point with this.
This is the best analysis I've seen so far, and the best insight.
I like Shannon and I used to hate Skip. Now skip is kinda growing on me. Time for him to go.
Shannon Sharpe,,,is a Company Man now!!
Lets not down play this 'throat slash' thing. WOudn't a player be penalized for doing such on the field?
Who cut Shannon hair this week 😂
Bless these two for the breaks from all the pandemic talk
Skip is my grandma.
If someone that wealthy rich spit in your face but they are paying you millions would you take it the address it later or react soon as it happens?
AB was always my favorite receiver as a Steelers fan I still believe he’s probably one of the best if not the best to ever do it. But he burned too many bridges I wouldn’t sign him to any team if I was in a position to do that lol. Dude lost it and is nothing but trouble. No one is denying the talent. Dude is still amazing at playing football but cmon bro if you can’t act normal then you can’t play. Is what it is.
Shay Sharpe IS RIGHT RIGHT RIGHT. 😎 And the entire time Shannon was saying that a team WILL WANT TO WIN, and If AB is available, somebody will pay for any and all services from one said “Problem Child” no matter what. 😑 This is working perfectly in AB’s favor YALL.  He has got to have an agent who’s worked in the league to just keep shootin his shot hittin all of the bottom of the chains ⛓ a d getting a hundred chances. And straight up… TO BE HONEST…🤔 Something tells me that Brady and Arians aren’t as cozy as we all think they are.
love it
If the MRI  say he's hurt, the players say he's hurt, what are we talking about here. The  coach should not have tried to make the player go in the game. That it that's all,everything else is irrelevant .
It's interesting how many people in the comments aren't realizing that Shannon and Skip are just having an active discussion.  😆😣😂😦
Bruce Arians pride is just as bad as Antonio's
AB all about balling his CTE life 🤣🤣
This reminds me of the whole Shawn Michaels, "Loosing His Smile" situation from WWE.  1997 WWF champion Shawn Michaels did not want to "lose" the title to Bret 'Hitman' Hart because in real-life the two did not like each other.  So, on a episode of Monday Night RAW, Shawn forfeits the title because he says that his knee is severely-damaged and that he may not be able to wrestle ever again.  With tears running down his cheeks he claimed that he had "lost his smile" and needed to take some time off to go find it again.    A lot of the boys in the back thought this was BS and that his knee was fine, but he just didn't want to job the title to Bret.  So, on another episode of Monday Night RAW, HBK comes out to the ring, climbs to the top rope, and does a backflip off of it.  Now, if his knee was damaged as much as he claims, why would he do that?  He later said that he did it on purpose to F with the boys in the back that suspected he was faking his injury.  In reality, his knee was injured, jut not nearly as bad as he claimed.  We know for a fact that AB's ankle is injured, but the severity if that injury I think is questionable.
The Cowboys would be so stupid to sign AB the locker room drama just calm down the team is starting to come together even though coach is Goofy and you're going to throw that live grenade in there. I don't even believe Jerry Jones is that crazy
Just for people that don’t understand what (LAF/LAB/LABB/LAM). Life after football/life after boxing / life after baseball / life after basketball. What’s the reason having money and your life and health is messed up
Skip is a B8tch...He talks bad about other people enough for me to say that....He's a complainer...he sounds like a dude that just complains about others greatness in hopes to diminish it...but we see SKIPS brother standing on his own and not needing gimicks or props like "UNCLE SHAY"...that's exactly what sharpe comes down to a PROP... NOT A PROPER A PROP!!!
Y’all always say the players are wrong or did things the wrong way. Do y’all know how many people come out once they retire from spots. And say how bad the team was treating people. Even dude from golden state worriers. Said how the NBA do players. What people don’t understand is some people rather have THIER health instead of money. Just remember. There (LAF/LAB/LABB)
Ab isn't a f-ing dog...I'm kind of glad he left the field the way he did...damn I thought Shannon was better then this
Everybody can't be the Hall of Fame Shannon Sharpe
Sure AB could have handled that differently but that's not why we love AB. The way he handled it is exactly the way AB fans expected him to handled it. As a proud man, especially when you have AB money your not going to tolerate another man treating you like that in front of 100 other men and thousands of fans in the stand. There is a real easy way to put this to bed as far as what really transpired on the sidelines and who is telling the truth,   have the bucks release the audio from the "mic'ed up audio. AB already released the text messages to back up his version. Your turn tampa bay
Even if AB has a point. These people not trying to hear it. They finding every reason to explain why he should be done. Let them investigate. It's understood y'all don't like the dude.
The exit didn’t get him cut tho 🤦🏾🤦🏾 he was already cut Shannon
Luke 11:28 But he said, Yea rather, blessed are they that hear the word of God, and keep it.  Matthew 6:6 But thou, when thou prayest, enter into thy closet, and when thou hast shut thy door, pray to thy Father which is in secret; and thy Father which seeth in secret shall reward thee openly.  Luke 14:13 But when thou makest a feast, call the poor, the maimed, the lame, the blind:  Proverbs 18:22 Whoso findeth a wife findeth a good thing, and obtaineth favour of the LORD.  1 Corinthians 11:13 Judge in yourselves: is it comely that a woman pray unto God uncovered?  Psalms 20:5 We will rejoice in thy salvation, and in the name of our God we will set up our banners: the LORD fulfil all thy petitions.  Psalms 60:4 Thou hast given a banner to them that fear thee, that it may be displayed because of the truth. Selah.  KJV
If he was hurt and the coach said "you're done" wouldn't he just sit on the sidelines or walk into the dressing room to change before returning to the bench?  Request granted.  That shows you he was just mad he wasn't getting targets.
I still lean towards the traumatic brain injury he went through from the Burfict hit is the only explanation. Media never discuss this obviously because their daddy Mr. NFL wouldn’t like that narrative being thrown around without legit evidence. Prior to the hit AB hadn’t shown any of this self destructive behavior, but after the hit he suddenly goes off the rails with incident after incident.
The Nets tried doing the bs to Kyrie
When do we stop giving attention to an attention seeker?  I'm done reading and watching reports about AB.
Shannon was a hamstring sprinter, a fluid push and pull running stride.  AB is an extensor athlete, pushing his way forward, jamming against the ground.  Extensor athletes can cut faster.  However, they put enormous strain on the knees and ankles.  You can’t compare the two.  Shannon was successful because of his reach and he was a decent blocker too, a durable pickup truck.  AB is a Ferrari who may have taken a few too many hard corners.
When are we going to start holding the coaches and these franchises accountable??
Jesus was born ……..: Skip- “I know, I was there I covered his life when I was in Chicago.  Birth, disciples, death, resurrection.  It was like nothing I’d ever seen before”
A.B. walked off the field all proud and arrogant with no problem, what's with the ankle injury?... 🤔
How tf you finna tell a player their hurt level. I was in the U.S. Army and yall sound just as bad as U.S. Army Sergeants with soldiers injuries. And we wonder why military injuries are as high. Cause People aren't as stupid. They don't listen to the worst word! They listen to the doctor. Not man!
If Shannon was to be fired in the middle of filming would Shannon have stayed to film the entire rest of the show I don't think so
I got roasted on twitter all day because I believed AB, now here we are. All these mf’s deleted they tweets lol 😂
He handled it accordingly
Collin , Dez, Antonio that’s all I’m gone say
Nobody needs to hear a statement from a 5’10” over the hill unemployed ex football idiot who left $14 million a year in Pittsburgh.   No he can collect unemployment
If I was going to the playoffs I'd leave Antonio Brown at the bus stop. Too many problems on too many teams.
AB just manipulated most of you in this comment section. He was never hurt he paid his professional lawyer to lie for him.
Ok, they were asking him to play when they knew he couldn’t - (I thought everyone’s policy was if players don’t practice they don’t play). I can only image what was really said and more importantly how it was said. I think black players aren’t excepting the old school white coach antics. I don’t think players are taking as many shots (drugs) as before.  They are seeing these old school players and don’t want to live like many of them - most of old school players can barely walk, including Shannon.  So, the coach told him to get off the field.. he left… you can’t put a person out and tell them how to leave.  I’m for it.. just wish AB didn’t do it.. he seems very passionate but sensitive, wish he would get some long term help.
I hate the fact that Shannon is saying ab could have just gotten up and walked to the locker room. He and bozo sitting across from him would still have a field day with any AB exit. Probably would have said some real ignorant stuff about he’s having mental health problems and social media withdrawals from not getting targeted more. They would have stated ab refused to go back in and took it from there
Antonio Brown knows exactly how to use the NFL rules. Like BA said, they have the Physical Coach who should confirm the injury. He's dragging the TEAM who accepted him when he was down. Now ABs letter to the public is more appealing that there was maltreatment in a sense. When you ran, hopped and waived good bye, it seems that you're fine AB. smh
Cmon now we all know AB not lying about the "team doctor" even in high-school they have a team doctor that WILL clear you even if you are truly hurt😂
Okey imind ii
This isn’t normal behavior.  It’s either a mental problem, CTE, or a severe personality disorder.
Everyone is built different.  If he didn't want to play on a bad ankle that's on him. AB look out for your own heath.
I want people to stop with the “why would he mess up $1 million in incentives” and blah blah blah. This the same AB that messed up his guaranteed $30 million from the Raiders cause he couldn’t shut up. Not saying AB is at fault here but that isn’t a good talking point to start your argument.
You two acting like the man don't got receipts, but you stirring away from that
I feel where unk coming from but everybody different. I'm all for guys playing injured but I'm also smart enough to understand that's probably not the brightest idea.
When they get ejected or whatever from the nba don't they take off they shirt and gesture to the crowd, in soccer they do, in alot of sports they do. This is stupid to try to crucify him because he gave the fans his gear basically. I just know real talk if a regular job told yall the you would be like f you. All this just cause the media right a different narrative. That's why he acted out so they could learn what really happened and of course like I said if ya job told you that u would be like f u and guess what lawsuit cause they fired u for getting hurt on the job
You guys talk about how ab was responsably for the walk off.   True.    But why is BA not responsible for what he said to A B.    And if thats normal than more bold people like A B need to speak up.
Brady knew brown is one of the best receiver still in the game. Anc one of the hardest workers in the game
Shannon speaks like if AB had to hide how he felt lmao
Bruce Arian’s is scrub coach that landed in the lap of a team with superstars at all the skill positions, now all of a sudden he has the clout to tell superstars to beat it)
Thing is also, how are you supposed to act in the eyes of the media? Regardless of truth anything AB does would have been trashed anyway, this the one situation where I think he called quits on his terms while equally never really under performing and not giving back the only way he can.. awesome career, crazy how time passes.. GG AB
AB is just trying to do damage control because he realized too late that he jeopardized his money making. People here are buying it. Too much evidence that says AB is BSing.
I liked this just for Shannon’s take
I wouldn’t know it was Shannon without skip’s constant sniffing in the background.
Must still be trying to play. Must be broke.
Surprised AB didn't claim he tried to get the vax but the doctor/nurse refused to give it to him so he was forced to get a fake card.
Wow, why are most sports commentators so unintelligent? Brady is not going to say AB was too injured to play because no matter what his feelings about AB are, All he really cares about is winning! He is not going to jeopardize his own relationship with the coaches by taking AB's side in this and he will never say anything that will negatively affect the morale of a potential Super Bowl team! Why is everybody going off without thinking about what they are saying first? Because they love the controversy and they want the viewers - that's all that matters to them... Doesn't matter who is right, it's much more fun to get down on AB because of his own previous stupid antics.
The medias obviously won’t believe him
I HATE when Skip huff and puff when unc Talking !!!! I HATE It !!! His body language says everything🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦🤦
This is such B.S.! You can't have it both ways guys, first you say everybody's got to play while injured then you diss AB for not being injured. That's just plain stupid and contradictory!
An overpaid child having a temper tantrum. That is the real reason.
Anyone who defends AB is insane
Said the vampire that never been on that field
Hate that they take turns talking
Who knew their favorite football player was being injected 💉  like an animal before game .. ..maybe he shining the light on a Mentality that violate you as a human
It's always a double standard but you can't fault AB without faulting Bruce
I seriously am wondering if AB is just afraid of needles? I’ve had claustrophobia my whole life and have made irrational decisions to avoid tight places.   Either way it’s another millionaire crybaby mental health issues🤑
It doesn’t matter AB will get picked up by a good team watch
"Shannon sharp is absolutely nailed it again"100%👍
Cowboys and Bucs in the NFC Ship? Haaaa
Dam Shannon players are getting PAYED now compared to Shannons era.
Shannon is never going to have a fair take on AB after AB slammed him on Lebron''s show.
ab has always gave his all on the field, he was hurt. end of story. arians tried to force him to play even more injured than he already was. like come on, im not risking it all on the jets. he idnt practice during the week, same injury had him sidelines 6 weeks...he was on the injury report....that coach lied to the media saying it wasnt abiut the injury. yes tf it was
people acting like he couldnt be clewared, feel better than tweak it and not be able to go. i see that all the time in sports. you cant force him and then cut himm without even checking to see if he ankle really was messed up. you certainly cant lie about it. arians was fishing for a way to get rid of him. that coach is a downright liar..
Damn if y’all just cool with all that then just let them start using steroids 😂 it ain’t that serious apparently since everyone shooting up😂
AB looked good running off the field.. Brady should've hit him in the end zone because he was wide open..
If AB hadn’t walked as he did no one would see the problems he in the league. And he wanted do to the Bucs what they did to Oakland Raiders.
The league that Unc Shay played in was different league than what AB is playing in today. Player safety is at the top of the list, BA, the Bucs and the NFL are negligence. I'm not excusing AB's exit nor should we excuse the 3 headed monster in charge.
yet AB skipped off the field
AB always blaming everybody but himself that’s nothing new
This show owes ab an apology
B.A obviously knows how to push A.B’s button and took the opportunity.
Are you hurt or injured???
Shannon a couple weeks ago about Urban Meyer and players fighting/checking staff..."You can't talk to these players any kind of way. At the end of the day, These are grown men" Shannon about AB .. "Even if BA said get out of here or throat slashed him, that does not offer an explanation for his behavior exiting the field"
... my two cents? AB had weeks to smolder over the Covid card bs
Wow Shannon you sound like a hater because you and him are different I guess he wrong because he didn’t do how you like for him to do you people are crazy!!!! Also last week you said you can’t talk to player’s that way but for AB he’s wrong wow double standards!!!
No excuses AB Its over for you suka
Shannon acts like everyone needs to be like he thinks he was
"Have u seen Home Alone??" 🤣😂
AB is the poster child for everything that is wrong with this current generation.
I can't believe people are defending this nutcase. There is no excuse for AB. He needs to go.
He relying to get some of that Simone Biles sympathy 😂 nah fam
If they go so many problems let AB go let him be great some place else if ab wouldn't have exited like that we wouldn't know that the nfl dont give af about they players
BA sounds like a liar
So true Shannon.
I’m on AB side. The only person providing proof
Aye the way AB act when he don’t get the ball is the way skip thinks OBJ is when he don’t. Let this had been obj skip would have “unleashed”
These guys keep saying we all get shots like that makes it good. No wonder football players don’t play too long on the offense sides 🤦🏽‍♂️
Shannon your the Man.  Glad you spoke like this.  Here is the truth so please just listen.  If your fired or your boss tells you off or you just want to quit.  You can explode, you can complain, you can disagree, you can cower.   If any of those things happen they happen in the confines of that job.  What I’m saying is not on full display for the world to see.  Being a super star for as long as he has been he knows the difference.  He knows who’s watching.  He knows who he is and what he means to the game.  That’s exactly why he became a complete and utter lunatic in front of everyone on the field and on NATIONAL TV!!!   Plain and simple AB is a complete and utter HAS BEEN!!!   Gifted Athlete that became a prima Donna.   Something that my man Shannon Sharp would never be.  I’m a Patriots fan by default living in NE.  But I was also a Broncos fan of which none of my friends will ever let me live down.  The jersey I wore sorry to say was not yours Shannon and that’s only because I played RB.  I would wear TD’s during the games.  Now when you played NE I wore Antoine Smiths among others.  Love ya brah.  Thanks for keeping it real and having standards.
I'm 100% sure Gronk could care less or even encouraged Brady to hook AB up... Eventhough it doesn't need to be said. Brady is such a good teammate!
Jacket 🧥 is on point ☝🏾
Skipps famous nose sniff
Dude dancing off the field with zero limp! Just sayin…..
not to mention all the fans who is pressuring u to play through it
O I'm amused as fvkkkkkk Reading comments about Ba didn't have the right to cut him and how he didn't handle it properly bla bla bla. If i remember correctly Brady was accused of deflategate even though the investigations conclude he had nothing to do with the balls been deflated, what kapp did and now he is banned from the NFL. Antonio has scenario after scenario but i understand in this new generations world they go around talking/saying doing dumb things and don't want any repercussions, once repercussions come back to even the score they play the victim/or is someone else's fault or they made me do it. yes BAis the fvkngggg coach he can cut him or release him at any time. only reason Antonio was there was because Brady plead he's case since forever the only reason he got a pass after the fake vaccine card was again because of Brady and the buccs never really having any scandals like the Patriots. Everything happened because of Brady now is he's fault and BAs 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 this reminds me of the neighborhood where i grew up full of Mexican Mafia they would find a dead body cops would come around/had proof or knew they had done of coarse they would deny it but it happened so often and they had so much history that after awhile they knew exactly who to look for and which house to go to. I'm not saying ab is a killer but he has the same pattern every where he goes, people do realize they make millions playing right and if the ankle was the issue he should of asked to get an MRI done there and then he waits 4 days to post a picture of an MRI when nowadays you can Photoshop or alter images 4 days when you get an MRI the same day  He waits 4 days????? I had ankle injuries really bad ones the actual foot cracked it healed but they hurt like a mf and the ankle gets swollen out of control I'm assuming ab is either wearing a cast or something right now then.........
Make it make sense please so you are justifying a man risking his career over the way he exit the sideline but it’s cool for him to get cut as long as he does it outside the media or camera 🗣What!!!!
No matter if he telling the truth ab  😂 your reputation will proceed u
Get to it Skippy
BA sees AB everyday and knows what is going on. I'm glad they finally got that cancer out
Shannon had a terrible perspective. He knows better than that. He’ll “correct “ this when it all comes out.
I'm not saying he's not hurt but AB isn't a rational nor strategic thinker... He's petty and highly emotional. If you look at his resume of F-ups Dude needs serious therapy. That's the kind of Doctor he needs.
He left because he thought he was cut mid game!!!!! A star player cut mid game!!
All the best to my bro 81 AB
AB is a clown, an immature baby! There are hundreds of guys that want an opportunity to play and AB acts like that I don’t care what goes on with him! I will never cheer for him! No excuse for his behavior he knew exactly what he was doing!
all i know is. the game needed AB not the other way
Shanon  you can’t tell some how to act. Ego and anger are best friends.
They act like the players are not the ones generating ALL the money for everyone and ever dollar made by all entities related to the NFL
Wtf is shannon talking about. If people are mad about how he quit and it turns out he didnt quit he was cut then that's literally the exact opposite lol. This is why people have been hating on shannon so much lately
Shannon got that lean colored jacket
AB is a drama king. Every team he goes to he causes problems.
Antonio Brown will be a problem for whatever team he plays for.
Really Shannon??😡
Lmao he walked off a job and y’all calling him mentally ill 😂😅 Dennis Schroeder turn down 75million he’s mentally ill !!!
Shannon you still work for the NFL so you a never be totally honest. You still getting a check from the NFL.
Haha. We know what ahead case he is and a liar
Shannon is 100% correct. No excuses for walking off the way he did. He embarrassed himself and embarrassed his teammates.
How you tell someone how to handle there situations. Shannon you wrong
Shannon is spot on …. I love his analysis and his passion…
His ankle may be injured.  But, it didn't look injured as he hopped, skipped, and jumping-jacked his way off the field.
Do a shot every time Shannon say’s “Skip”
Wouldn't it make sense that if you were telling the coach you were in too much pain to go back in the game. That you would at least attempt to appear to be in pain at some time? Who says they're in too much pain to continue, then goes out of their way too appear to be in no pain at all? How can anyone not see through AB's BS?
uncle shay, you know how it is though ? His position?
So u have to be a good boy or you wrong
Kapernick was right
Kevin Durant missed two years.
Lejon Brames
At 9:52, I watched the game to see what might have happened and I remember this part. It was an odd reaction that AB gave to TB about whatever he said, but he kind of gave him that look you would give to someone in the breakroom at work who randomly yells out "I HATE IT WHEN THEY PUT ONIONS ON MY WHOPPER!" he was like 'damn, all right then.'
ShaSha would destroy AB as an expert in a trial...and ShaSha would do it with a smile.
Shannon is right, whatever transpired on the sideline shouldn't warrant nor discredit what AB did leaving the field. I don't believe for a second BA literally cut him right then and there cause he didn't wanna play on his injury. Simply saying "you're done" from a coach to player perspective could mean you're not playing the rest of the current game, maybe get a suspension for the next game. He wasn't cutting him from the team, not when the playoffs are literally right around the corner. What AB did got him cut and released, I don't think Tampa wanted to release him but he left them no choice in the matter.
If it's a he said - he said, I'll go with the guy that DIDN'T lie 3 months ago about the vaccine.
I got to agree with Shannon on this one. 🤔
Why does it matter who wrote his statement??? Isn’t very common for other people to write athletes/“celebrities” statement. Skip how you going to have an opinion about something you can’t do???? Kawame is right about all of you weak weasels.
*Seven weeks* before 2005 Super Bowl XXXIX, Terrell Owens broke his leg and and tore a ligament in his right ankle. He then played in the Super Bowl, of 72 offensive snaps, Owens played in 62 of them. In those 62 snaps he caught nine passes for 122 yards on 14 targets, the most of any player in the game.  ON A BROKEN LEG.   AB should never play in the NFL again..
If you say I’m fired, especially mid game, bets are off with the whole ‘respect’ thing. You disrespected me so don’t cry and say I disrespected you when I react. The couch should have been more respectful while ‘at work’. Let’s not point the blame all on AB.
Shannon disappointed me in not bringing up the “doped up shot” they gave AB so he could play. I think no one wants to bring that up because it’s taboo.
the way he handled it was a direct result as the way he was told to handle it "GET OUTTA HERE!!!" ok BYE!!!
The NFL veteran S.S. is not protecting the league or whatever you guys saying. He's just an old school player and low-key calling AB a pu$$y.
Bruce Arians is a liar & power tripping as usual he tried to power trip on Tom Brady last season but that was a no go
I thought AB quitt! The truth is finally starting to come out!
AB was sooo hurt to not be able to play, yet was able to jog off the field while jumping up & down leading the crowd chant 🤷🏻‍♂️
AB=CLOWN, taking bets we see him in the USFL this year
Did AB not talk to a trainer ?? The coach wasn’t listening so AB  just tell the trainer he can t go on his ankle then the trainer tells the coach
His ankle wasn’t hurting doing those laterals across the endzone and sitting court side at the Nets game…
BROWN WAS BEING USED BY THE BUCS TO GET BRADY STATS AND A RING. MEANWHILE THEY COULD CARE LESS IF HE GETS INJURED AND GETS PAID ONLY PENNIES.
Well............AB explained his exit in the post haha lol
I have said it once, twice and I will say it again. Since AB got crush by burfict he is not the same guy anymore.  I am no doctor but they should check for CTE
I like how now skips okay with the pats handling of AB… unbelievable. Only when it fits his narrative
All I know is that's a grown man...I respect the show but damn seem like a damn gossip show sometimes.   He did what he did because he wanted to point blank.
They ain't cut him yet why
AB calls out powerful people when they do bad things. I respect that.
STILL THINK KWAME IS CRAZY....
It doesn't matter what happened prior, I agreed with Shannon 100%.
Soooo Skips a doctor now!? Guy, he tore ligaments in his ankle, and it’s not cool to suggest a) that he must get injected or b) that he is a whimp? Cmon you too… real story here is BA being shady
Shannon need his own show 👍👍
He's right but he handled it wrong
Look up AB last catch with the bucs…the jets went at his ankles
As much as they talk about AB being mentally ill. You would think they gave him some benefit of the doubt, how demoralizing is it for you to be trying you best to do better, and some one who you thought you were close and building a great long relationship with cuts you lose. That’s cold blooded how BA did AB and they still won the game.
AB did it this way too show they dont care that man aint gotta break himself for nobody especially after they had everyone calling him crazy
Bucs not repeating.
Never heard something more unfunny then Skip over explaining a meme 🤣
AB said 2 BA that his ACL was AWAL but BA played him at WR in W14. TB12 fed 10 2 Gronk, then in Q3 81 ran off... 😵 You follow?
Here’s what I don’t get.  At halftime, AB voiced displeasure that he wasn’t getting enough targets (probably because he had 1 million in incentives he wanted to reach).  In the second half, he still wasn’t satisfied and threw his tantrum and quit.  If this was only about his ankle and felt he was too injured to go into the game, why was he throwing his tantrum at halftime about not getting the ball thrown to him?  It makes no sense.  If AB was getting the targets he desired I guarantee you he wouldn’t have thrown his tantrum.  And it doesn’t help watching him running, walking, prancing and doing jumping jacks on said injured ankle.
While I can understand AB's frustration if he really was injured, he acted completely out of insanity.  That'd be like my boss telling me I didn't get that raise I asked for and me trashing the place as I say I quit.  Being unprofessional in private is one thing but doing it in broad daylight in public in front of thousands and potentially millions on tv is a really bad look.  I can't support a cause when you act like that.
They pulled AB out the dog house and put a ring on em and he'sa victim? !! .. good luck to whoever thinks they can trust em enough to employ him
I cant be okay with someone getting cut mid game … I’m not judging how someone handles that .. supposed to be a team .. unless the coaches are mad at u.. then it’s kick rocks .. no loyalty
Ankle wasn’t bothering him bouncing up and down to the locker room and nutrition and medicine, rules has gone a long way since sharp played
Skip clearing his throat is cringe worthy
he ran off the field!!   How do you then claim WC?  Gronk/TB issue is more the reason for his behavior, I think. Injury after the departure? How will he explain this?
The NFL has it’s claws on this show too lol you can tell, but AB ain’t no saint and should be out of the dam league, he’s lucky he’s not rotting in jail.
In the words of Shannon Sharpe. 2 things can be true 👍
I've been able to run, jumping jacks, etc on the sprain anklebut trying to do hard cuts in and outs it's almost impossible like Shannon said without a shot
Real Sellout 🦝 behavior...Not surprised by Shannon Lebron James Jr
I really don't care this man deserves to be out of the NFL at this moment
"Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr."  Wait, what? Is that like his real name?
When you get mad your pain threshold increases
AB should just retire his face card is ruined now
Who cares who wrote it 🤦🏾‍♂️ ppl be worried about the wrong thing it’s still his words tf wrong with y’all
BA may say AB is done, but the owner gets the last decision to keep him or not.  The owner was done with AB. Ok, so he was injured! Why make a scene going heading to the lockeroom doing jumpin jacks in the end zone on public television if you want other teams lookin at you! Even if you had the shot, why make a show of it?  And what team will take AB? I guess Jerry Jones will.
How y’all going to tell this man how to react to disrespect
Many will say well he jog off the field but it's a differance between jogging and playing professional football.
Why do people don’t get the open arms to be human… y’all love demoralizing ppl that saying if it was me I would’ve did the samething….but money control ppl and when all they know is one thing I/e football or basketball they will suck up disrespect just to keep a check
Ba looks like fake news 🙄
There is no excuse for the way he acted. Man needs help
Hey Shannon,  man let me tell you. I stock shelves 10 hours a day 6 days a week at some points.  We all hurting....why can't we get a shot in the ankles or back
AB GOTTA GO TO KC
Aint no right way to exit once you've been fired
Why is it sooooo bad that man wanna b at 100 percent? I kinda notice the temp changed a little today too. Nobody is as aggressive as they was the other day
LeSniff
AB gave up on his team! Anyone who has played organized sports knows that you're playing for your brother or your sister. NOT the coach! I played college football, and my head coach fired the offensive coordinator EVERY GAME! It was heat-of-the-moment talk. He was angry because he wasn't getting the ball! I want everyone to go to the video after Mike Evans scored the first TD. TB12 put out his hand to AB and AB walked right by him.
What AB did to Brady was the ultimate betrayal
81 THE🏆BEST 🏈💨
his mental health was suffering so he left the way he left, it is what it is
18:57 in Pittsburgh, Big Ben threw his team under the bus that same season the AB problems started but NO ONE wants to mention that. That incident lead to a divide in the locker room with Big Ben ,Tomlin and one of the  Pounceys vs Rashard Mendenhall,Leveon Bell and Antonio Brown
This is why we need EX-Player ( Shannon S. ) to SPEAK about this game, he DID NOT CARE to *EVERYTHING* what AB SAYS !!!  Sorry for my BAD English 🙏
Take a drink every time Shannon says "Right" LOL.....i stopped counting after 60.......... DUI
It's sad, so sad. It's a sad sad situation. And it's getting more and more absurd. Elton John
Home is at the 🐻 Chicago Bears they understand the Game!
Thomas Edward Patrick Brady Jr.   ohhh only Skip LMFAOOOO
Look up skips pro ball career or medical career. 😂😂😂😂
BA knew it would trigger him
AB was right! Don’t listen to Media!
as much as AB has reduced his credibility over the years, his side of the story seems very plausible and aligns with Bruce Arians' behavior in the press conference after the game. and Shannon as a former player agrees that the scenario may have played out exactly how AB described it. so in that case, i don't really blame AB at all. especially if the coach just told me i'm cut on the sideline. why not just take off your pads and leave? the players union needs to push the NFL to open an investigation and if AB's account is accurate, Bruce Arians needs to be given a hefty punishment and AB needs to get paid everything he's owed from his contract for this season.
Shannon is protecting the product, the NFL. He is going to defend them no matter what. The NFL will not renew their contract with Fox if he speaks about them unfavorably. Its sad that players are even playing hurt, If what Bruce did is true, their is no reason for us the viewers to support this sport.
Man this thing hurt 🤣
AB also stated  that since Coach fired  him he didn’t want Team regalia on him anymore along with the adrenaline rush that blocked out pain upon his exit.
The way he left the field didn’t look like he was injured 😏
Tom Brady is the only voice of reason in this whole debacle. The only man with any sense. Shannon is just showing up for Skip and his employers. He knows that’s what they want to hear. Man has a lot of money and earns a lot but has zero decency or class. Whatever AB does or says the obvious thing here is AB is not mentally stable. What would be normal behaviour to OST does not apply to someone not mentally all there.
I’d just as soon everyone quit talking about AB …. Fantastic Athlete, perhaps the best ever but the guy has mental issues and its as simple as that and I wish there was something I could do to help the man …. The best help anyone can give AB is to stop talking about him, his career is over and they need to let him go. GOD Bless him, I hope he gets help.
As much as i respect Shannon, he has to realize  AB's draft class and players drafted from then up to now are more inclined to value health over stats more than Unc's era from the 90s and early 2000s
Cut off the moment Shannon called Skip intelligent lol
1:30. Me and my alter ego always say that to a female.
How can a grown man tell another grown man how to handle a situation or exit a situation?? The higher ups don't care about his health so why should he care how he leaves?
Him putting Brady’s face on the home alone thing about being lost in New York is the ultimate disrespect. Dude basically took u under his wing, gave you a job making millions when nobody wanted you, vouched for you, let you live in his crib, got you a super bowl and a td pass in it, then got you a extension and made sure you got all your incentives so u got paid and this is how you do him. I’d have AB hunted down and beat like a drum 🥁 real talk💯
AB is obviously paranoid and delusional. Nothing new here he quit on another team and took shots at the very people who brought him in. Shocker.
AB is gonna AB.
Real talk Shay!!! that's how it works in professional sports. You get paid to play, fight the pain and get it done. That's how it works.
Gotta call out Skip on this one.  NO, Gronk was never in Brady’s “doghouse.”  Skip knows Brady better than most.  He knows how special his relationship with Gronk is.  Two HOFers.  Just watch their weelly YouTube show.  Why would Brady disown Gronk based on one bad game?  Skip is exaggerating way too much on this.
Skip take forever to get to the damn point
I actually don't think that AB is most likely telling thr truth on this one...Shannon just doesn't like AB! AB handled things the way he did, most likely bc he was passed after he was told his career is over if he didn't play injured and he was yelled at like child and told to get off the sideline.
He didn't look hurt running off the field jumping up and down playing look at me.
Bruce Arians and the Bucs look real suspect here
How you doing jumping jacks upon exit and at the same time claim the same ankle or ankles are about to fall off? 🤔
Skip introducing the Home Alone movies to Shannon, as if he didn't know what they were, was awesome.
It’s annoying because everyone knows the mental lapses AB deals with. Bruce Arians could have said “Ok, AB” and cut him after the game was over. Who cuts a player in the middle of a game. Idc what anyone says, your leader(head coach) shouldn’t do that. This isn’t hard to digest.
5 yards away from 100k. Respect to unc for still balling out in the playoffs
Maybe they need to change the culture of the NFL. It's sounding like most players are conditioned to say "deal with it" including Shannon.
AB dumb for thinking he could take Gronky’s place with Tom anyways! Stop crying and go be a Tik Tok star now! Fool💯🤣😂🤣
Couldn't you argue that we understand and value mental health today more than what we did while AB was in Pittsburgh? Genuine question, my opinion does not matter regardless.
At the end of the day, this is AB's story... Steelers, Raiders, Patriots and the Buccaneers... each stop ending with drama and bad memories together... Talented player but he cannot control his emotions... what a waste.
Shannon you need to learn to stay objective on certain topics. Learn from Skip, even though KD trashed him multiple times he still is able to formulate an objective opinion about him.
AB definitely handled it improperly.
This sounds like the mainstream media covering for the NFL instead of calling this for what it is. AB was hurt and couldn’t play and BA got upset he wouldn’t go back in and after the game. The Bucs had to do clean up work before actually cutting Antonio Brown. They conveniently left that part out. Remember he was on pain killers and Shannon said the injections would wear off after the first half. AB took off before the half is over. So yes that explains the skipping and running especially when you have rush of emotional adrenaline running through you.
Dude was skipping off the field though...
The issue in this social media era is, everyone wants attention and you will see these antics from people that need that type of validation.
AB u quit bro! Just be honest for ONCE BRO??
It doesn't matter if AB wrote it or not. It's his truth.
I am on AB’s side. Headcoach treated him with 0 respect.
Im disappointed in Shannon for his inability to be fair to Antonio Brown. Smh    he clearly wants this man out of the league and thats a shame!  How he exited wasnt offensive to fans but thats now the reason why he's guilty and should be  out of the league. Smh.    Only Black players go through this kind of insane scrutiny. WTF does his past have to do with this single issue?  Judge the single issue on its own evidence and stop trying to convince us the man is guilty because of past actions.
This is one of the worst takes from these two. Just my opinion. They have no empathy for AB.
Skip is not a good judge of character Shannon.
People deal with injuries different as we seen many players not be the same after an injury and some come back looking like they never missed a beat
I mean, how many times does AB have to show you who he is? Any team that even gives him a workout deserves what they get at this point.
Shannon your wrong. For you to be a ex player you should have a understanding.  Bruce was wrong 100% if this is how he handled the situation.  As a head coach you should know your players and him telling a player your done on the sideline is wrong. You can say AB was wrong but Bruce is absolutely wrong and yall don't want to say that. Yall are to stuck on what AB did.
If everything AB states is true, I will agree the way he handled it was not the best but once again HE IS A FOOTBALL PLAYER! Not a lawyer, rocket scientist, or professor, which just means I dont expect much normal common sense.  Not to mention he had this issue with Pittsburgh when he was  hurt, and they dismissed him. He goes off the rails.. Im not excusing AB, but you already know what triggers him and if you do the same as past teams do what do you expect.
I love Skip cuz hearing him talk is like listening to your grandpa. 10 minutes into a story where he talks about the Great Depression, the Ford Motor company, and how he was watching YouTube videos of cats, you realize the story was about the time his car broke down.
I don't take Antonio or anybody in NFL serious anymore it ain't no realer than than WWE
Half of you in these comments have never played a sport in your life yet alone playing a sport when hurt. Yall completely disrepecting this man and he was hurt. If he would have played he could've hurt himself for good.  Is that what yall wanted ??
SMH why do people like this smile n gloat so prominately to snitch on those that look like them???🤔
He was fired from his job for not playing hurt. What he does after he is fired is nobody's damn business if no laws were broken! Anotonio remembers what happened to RG3! Everybody jumped to conclusions
Any team willing to bring in Antonio Brown at this stage of the season is crazy. He is a devisive influence, and was perfectly willing to do so to the Bucs. That was a defining moment for the team to come together and get the win.
Skip n Shannon..... Keep up your excellent reporting!
He may have had a contract to keep Alex available and on call. So no work may have been done. Due and payable at end of season which appears to be now.
i believe AB yall can clown him all yall want its stuff going on behind the scenes
AB should of been gone with that fake vax card. That's Bruce's fault but Bruce just listening to Tom. If Bruce really did try and force AB to play on injured ankle yeah that's not right.
Shannon got it right that Tampa coach neck got red
Thank god for professional players being on this platform to explain the truth.
He’s just some guy. Just some guy that never got the message where he’s being paid to play with a bouncy ball. Stop giving him attention. Stop signing him. Let him be forgotten. If football was magically deleted tomorrow, what good would this toxic, arrogant, angry, slow man be to society? Just forget him.
90% of the players are playing hurt, to some degree, by Week 13-14.  AB's injury excuse is lame.  He was mad about his contact and with the GM.
Shannon worried about the damn exit this man be so trash about certain players and topics
Remember when ppl said that AB’s career is over?? Yeahhh don’t hear that anymore lol the Bucs are gonna be in a lot of trouble
Every time it's, "mental health" this and "show compassion" that.  Is it possible, even likely that he's just a bad guy??? @#$% him.  Hope he never plays again.
Skip needs to be removed from this podcast. Everytime a black man is the topic of discussion. He completely belitles them and disrespects them. The fact that he said " AB couldn't have possible wrote his on statement " was so rasicts. And i am sick of his rasict comments toward Black Men & The Black Community.
The only problem i have is everyone using their own experiences, opinions, and biases to discredit AB’s statements and choice as a man. If he felt disrespected.. then he did. If HE felt like he couldnt cut or plant on that foot the same… then he couldn’t.
Shannon kept saying, they can do miracles on that shot. Terrell played a SuperBowl with a broke ankle.
Let it go Shannon u trying to sabotage his future for another team trying to block his bag 💰 we get it AB is a issue but damn bruh you go totally dismiss him an YOU wasn’t there or have no idea of the locker room keep tap dancing is all I can say bruh
He's going to feel real bad when the playoff starts and he's home. He's going go stir crazy. ("Damn, I F ed up") Also if he was hurt why didn't he start limping and went onto the game. It was a very childish move on his part.
shannon will say anything his boss tell him to say , he's not a reliable source!!!!!!!!
So..what if it is mental( not making an excuse)a condition which clouds ur thinking or whatnot..everyone saying that he needs help..sometimes that person needs a push or a show of support frm someone other than Brady..now let's say it's something serious with his brain and the truth comes out..is anyone gonna apologize for talking bad on him or will the journalists spin it without an apology involved..let's not forget..junior seau was having some issues(much more serious than AB) and no one reached out to him..and I'm tired of hearing," football is a brotherhood on and off the field" cause it clearly isnt
unapologetically I hope Tampa bay lose every game from here forward--let's go cowboys!!!!!!!!🤣
The MRI talks and everything else walks
he was 5 yards short of 33% pay increase and didnt flip his lead.... shows you being professional and consistent can open new doors & money bags
You all love Shannon as long as he agrees with your narrative, but the minute his narratives go against yours (we will see) how much love you have for him.
1. People are making so much about how he exited the field. Yes, it was unprofessional but that isn’t the real issue. 2. It is irresponsible to say someone isn’t that injured based on their reaction. Every injury isn’t the same, everybody has different levels of pain tolerance and some people really don’t like to show weakness. How injured he is, is for a DOCTOR to determine. 3. Again, the way he exited the field is VASTLY different than the explosive movements he makes on the field. You cannot use that to say he could’ve kept playing. 4. I have no issue with BA pressuring him to play injured or him getting that shot. That’s common. The real problem with it is him allegedly being CUT over not going back into the game injured. 5. You can keep going on about the way AB reacted, but what matters is if he has that DOCUMENTATION about his injury and if he can prove BA cut him over it. There should be some video of him making that cutting motion if true. 6. Skip sounds crazy saying that if his ankle was really the issue, Tom would’ve mentioned it in his statement. Tom doesn’t know everything that’s going on at every moment with AB. He didn’t even see him leave the field. In fact, if Tom had been standing right there when it all went down, it wouldn’t have went down like that. Everybody as well as Tom was thinking this looked like a mental health thing until we got more information. Tom’s statement just tells me that he didn’t have that information at the time either. 7. This looks really bad on the Bucs/Bruce Arians and unless they can produce some really damning evidence refuting AB claims, AB is going to come out on top here and won’t have any issue getting on with another team. Not just because of how incredibly talented he is but because if it comes out that this happened because he was genuinely wronged.
Lol I think this dude has issues with AB. Even if AB does good, he got something bad to say.  It sad to see black man talking down on another black man.
Didn't Bruce lie? Shannon doesn't care about the truth, some folks can't be trusted
Damn Shannon!  Give the man a break. Shannon hate for AB is the equivalent of Skip hate for LeBron.
Brady played with a torn MCL all last year and got Tampa a championship!!! But AB cant play on a messed up ankle when most NFL players are going to have that injury and get surgery after season.
Be a bigger man than the coach
Business is warfare, cheifs and cowboys like I don't care...Business is war!
Damage control
Why Shannon sharpe don’t won’t AB to come back to the nfl so bad
Like him or hate him this is exactly why skipp is the goat literally giving all the context telling the whole story
Noooooo Shannon lol making excuses,  that man was on an incentive contract,  stop it Shannon 🤣
A B   B A,   Interesting.
A b is cray cray
We all respond to pressure different. So, he didn't do like a "yes man".  He responded has AB responded his entire career.
Shannon was a problem. Way before Gronk, Kelce, or Jimmy! No cap
They making excuses for BA who clearly lied about not knowing  about AB ankle
Tom Brady is a DEMAGOGUE!
Bottom line, AB can do what he wants and no one likes that fact!!!
Everybody not going to handle things the way you pretend you would Shannon.  Antonio handled it the way he chose to.
His past has nothing to do with what happened
AB never right with Shannon
"We gon give you some balls"
AB is just about that money 💴 “ whole lot of money “
MIKE DITKA WENT 2 CONGRESS & TRIED 2 GET FORMER PLAYERS HELP WHOSE LIVES HAD BEEN DECIMATED BY INJURIES SUSTAINED N NFL. & THAT WAZ THE LAST U EVER HEARD OF MIKE DITKA.  LOOKS LIKE NFL GOING 2 BE EXPOSED AGAIN LIKE WIT CTE SITUATION
I've had an ankle injury and while it's not as a pro football player. I did play college soccer and I guarentee if his ankle was as bad as he says it is then he would not be moving the way he did let alone cutting on the field the way he did
Go along get along.... Smh...
There's no reason to give Antonio Brown any benefit. The guy has been an entitled cancer everywhere he has gone and this is just another example. If another GM considers giving him a chance they should be fired.
How do people know he wasn't? You weren't on the sidelines
Lol he could’ve done a backflip too 🙈😂 I love my Bucks let him go
Just because something is normal to be pressure to play hurt doesn’t make it right
2 hours ago BA made a statement an Antonio is on the wrong.
If my angels ain’t working I walk out 😂
AB looked liberated when he skipped off the field. Shannon is not speaking from a position of experience. Shannon was, for the most part, highly respected within  the organizations he played and didn't receive an ultimatum to play or leave mid game. AB received a shot in the ankle, played hurt, reaggravated the injury during the game, and could no longer play. End of story.
HE WAS CUT HE WAS CUT HE WAS CUT HE WAS CUT HE WAS CUT.....WHAT IS THE ISSUE??????
Thank you UNC...
He can leave how he want leave if he was CUT......Tf are you spineless cowards talking about. You have the balls to cut a player of AB's caliber MID-GAME and a close game at that. You need to deal with those consequences. AB don't owe the Bucs a QUIET exit or whatever after being fired on NATIONAL TV World so full of sheep it's sad
Cause he’s a gremlin
They always get the second culprit
Hey AB F what these P/Wussy are saying man. Your just letting these P/Wussy know that your not taking there Bull-ish and let them try u like a P/Wussy. just rest up man
No excuses if A.b ankle hurts sit out not giving him a pass anymore you're a whole female on the field a.b is a bad teammate person and wide receiver
Shannon is so country 🤭🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂😂😆😆😆🤣🤣.
Its called adrenaline
I think AB is following a playbook on doing outlandish actions in his last few years in the league so when he retires, he can write a candid book on what really happened and sell alot of copies.
Shannon talking facts as usual... AB a clown
AB shouldn't have did what he did leaving off the field. We get that. The Bucs released him to save face because he came out and exposed them for what they were doing to him behind the scenes. He said he was good but probably hurt himself afterwards. Either way it goes..both sides are at fault here.
We all know AB is too dumb too write that post.
Lol Alex sending bills like a lawyer…I remember when they charged me for reading a sticky note and tried to charge for letter I never received(or did I😎)
AB is a BABY
I stand with AB!!!
Are we looking past BA firing him on sideline and not after game? Him throat slashing AB? BA lying to media? Y’all sweeping right past that just because AB has had a troubled past. Y’all are ridiculous.
I don’t care for AB. He constantly behaves like a child. He throws his tantrums and blames others for his own actions.  He’s done it more than once, he’ll do it again.  An adult would’ve sat down, collected the money and shut up. OR waited until the quarter was over, went to the locker room, got his stuff and gone home. And then released a statement.  That stunt was purely for attention. AB needs  doors shut on him to realize what he walks away from. He’s got the talent, just not the capacity to appreciate it.
Shannon knows the NFL is a dirty business and they target black people at any given cost. And for him to attack AB like that is disgusting and disgraceful and he owe him a apology
A) Bottom line is - AB thought Brady & BA were conspiring against his million dollar incentive, hence he exited - so he can take away from their so-called satisfaction!  B) Or it's all staged so these guys & others can have ratings for their ongoing male soap opera saga's❗  One of the two  Please vote: A) or B)
Not condoning his behavior but your are not in that man body to know how he's supposed to be feeling.
I love how Shannon, (despite the abuse he took in the league and the damage it did on his body that he still has to deal with to this day) he still doesn’t regret it because of what playing in the league did financially for his whole family..  bunch of former players claim if they could go back they wouldn’t ever play the sport, easty to say when you already got the money
Yeah AB's ankle really looked hurt as he was doing jumping jacks off the field 🙄
This is the problem with constant news coverage, and players gaining more and more leverage over teams they play for. If AB was hurt tried t make a go of it, if he was professional about it I seriously doubt Coach Arians would've ill treated him. Would he be happy? No. Losing one of your best WRs makes things harder to get a W. In AB case, none of us wouldvd misunderstood this if he has spoke out sooner. Where it gets weird is him saying they coerced him to take a shot to numb the area so he can play. That was a decision that he chose to make even if he really was hurting. There's far better ways to deal with that before it becomes drama by us all if you do what's needed first, what's wanted second. Especially for a pro. Examples become apart of his legacy and what he projcted to kids who love him as a player but also see he literally has ZERO class.
He was so hurt he did jumping jacks and ran into the locker room! But now he needs surgery?
Idk
I don't believe AB had an ankle injury. The guy was doing jumping jacks on the way out of the field.
Athletes always take of their 👕 and want to show off their body in basketball, football, etc.
Always an excuse
Least he got a lot of money....and when your fed up you exit how you want
Next season Antonio Brown will be playing for: Kansas City Chiefs  New Orleans Saints  Cleveland Browns Seattle Seahawks  Dallas Cowboys  Washington Football Team  Houston Texans  Carolina Panthers  New York Jets Jacksonville Jaguars  Miami Dolphins
Shannaon is crazy, if you can play with the injury so others should do the same?, am talking about injury here. This Shannaon is crazy, only using poverty as excuse, dont you know you are still leaving in poverty, look around your immediate family and community. Useless people, only thinking about theirselves, can your money be maintained with your 2 to 3 generations?.
L
Ab is cluster-B
Well said shan
Wow, breaking news Ab wasn’t lying he showed the text messages on Instagram the real question should be asked why did Bruce Arians lied about Ab injury and said in a press conference Ab was not injured the text messages between him and the coach says otherwise.
It amazes me how people try to dictate how people suppose to respond to everything. Just because you can look past something doesn’t mean everyone else should
Shannon made valid points today, he might be coming around to the ab side 🤔
Skip been coughing a lot the last few weeks. 🤔
AB, NOW YOU ARE IN TROUBLE FOR DISSING TOM BRADY. NOW YOU GONNA HEAR IT FROM GISSELE . YOU DON'T WANT TO PICK A FIGHT WITH HER. LOOK WHAT HAPPENED TO WES WELKER.
Its just all about how you handle situations
Skip takes one man tolerance of pain,  and demean another man tolerance of pain.  He did the same with Kawhi and Parker. It was silly for AD to handle the situation as such,  but again I'm not going to put it pass the coach that he didn't put AD health in jeopardy. AD probably went into a childish mode cause he's not getting catches,  and said I'm not going back out here on a bum  ankle...., and said "Whatever, and ran off " !
Why would anyone release info to skip ? He's the most unreliable & doesn't have much credibility
Shannon is sounding more like Stephen A everyday... that's why he date white women
Hey Shannon so what I understand this was about him not getting the ball he said he said he's not playing cuz he's not getting the ball had nothing to do with no injury
SHANNON SHARP should just admit he was wrong about the situation he picked a side to early and move on and start reporting fairly about AB cause if it's up to him and skip they will make sure they do to him what they did to t.o
Shay sounds like he was Logan on that green juice lol
You don't get the exit...?? AB has severe emotional problems. What don't you get.?
He was on injury report
ABs ego got checked and he couldn't handle it.
Only one who can cut you is the dude who signs the check. AB cut himself for his own reasons
This young man clearly did not have a man figure in his life and he acts like an emotional women. Why don't you use this as a case study on the importance of a father figure in a black man's life
Lmao these guys are making AB look like a monster Tom Brady ain’t turn on AB
What happened after the fact is irrelevant Shannon!! Damn this dude has really sold out to the white man!!
Shannon on point as usual
Arians panicked cuz jets were winning
His ankle seemed good as he was doing jumping Jack's through the end zone going off the field
AB nothing but a HEADCASE.
Mental health or premaddonna Probably, BUCS aren't at zero fault.. AB is a circus..
Been waiting all day for this seg
Why the NFL won't release the video but they show videos of two black men fighting back to back let's see if BA handle it like a leader
Talk about pain killer injections that P.A. deem as not good for players.
What damning if true, is that ultimate teammate Tom Brady charges his guys 100K upfront for the TB12 training, which is the same that they can get for free from the team.
Maybe.......just maybe AB  would have already reached the incentive bonuses had he not been suspended   3 games for a phony vax card.
Bucs should get rid of BA and AB.  Both unethical egomaniacs who have hurt the team more than help.  BA has already been caught lying about this situation twice (lied about AB being cut after quitting not before and lying about not knowing about AB's ankle). Bucs were in neutral last year until BA was forced to swallow his pride and hand the keys of the offense over to Brady.  Better off without 'em.
Wasnt AB literally suspended about lying about his vaccination status and putting his teammates and staff at risk just weeks ago... of course, he is lying again now, AB is many things, ONE IS A COMPULSIVE LIAR.
I fell like ab was trying to not get hurt cause the playoff are just around the corner.. but yes he could've handled it better..
Well to be truthful you don't tell a grown man to get the F out of here because black men don't like to be talked down to go AB👍
Excuses excuses excuses
Anyone who plays the te or receiver position at a hall of fame level Shannon Sharpe always talks negative about like he is mad that they could be better then him
Can we acknowledge that ab been different since that headshot from Burfict?...
why does shannon feel like he has to say "i played in the NFL for 14 years" ok we know you played in the NFL SMH
I just don’t think u should ever compare somebody’s pain to yours. Pain tolerance is not similar
To AB it's always someone else's fault!
AB fumbling the bag...smh
I still like AB
Forget the tantrum I'm looking at BA firing AB on the sideline in the middle of a game. Dude do you know how heartbreaking that is to know you just lost your job after you made a legit point to your boss, that you was injured and he needed to not play you anymore for that game. That the coach should have got medical staff and said I want AB ankle checked out so I know he's telling the truth if you felt like he was lieing. I think BA needs to be looked at and the bucs need to think about getting a new coach. Because the new story is gonna be how black men continue to get put down by white men and now your gonna start a racial dispute for no reason. AB told him why he wasn't going in and he BA acted like that man's health didn't mean anything. Now if the tables were turned and BA was the player and AB was the coach we be saying black head coach about to lose his job but, because BA is a white head coach nobody cares, actually they applaud BA just like they do every racist white owner in the NFL.
Do we really have to hear Thomas Edward Patrick duke of earl brady junior the 4th ........all the time?
I am AB's biggest critic but I am very upset with what Bruce Arians may have done here.  The league is doing everything they can to protect players and Antonio Brown has never given up on the field so this speaks volumes to me.  If what AB says about his injury is true then this is unacceptable for a head coach who has a responsibility to his team and players to take care of his guys.  I hope there is a inquiry into Bruce Arians  to see if there really is anything to these allegations as if this was Tom Brady who was injured.  I understand this is AB and his reputation speaks for itself now but it still needs to be investigated.  AB did not handle this correctly, he never should have stormed off the field and taking a shot at Tom's trainer was way to far but he should never have to play if the injury really is serious
And will yall PLEASE give Skip some water!!
AB doesn't ever pay his bills of course he is going to say that the work wasn't done. He is as talented a liar and a thief as he is a ball player.
Pp
I agree that exit was terrible.  I call it the "saving play" for the game tho because they were gettin cooked
and now shannon sharpe can barely walk   ----- gotta love those shots
Skips willingness to speak to what others would say and do based on nothing but his opinion.  Disturbing trend for a reporter.
How long did it take him to come up with that excuse? It's always everybody else's fault with this guy he's lucky he lasted as long as he did with the way he acts!
Sounds to me like money has always controlled plays on the field. That sounds like a horrible thing. Get rid of incentives.
I was at the Carolina game and AB was wildin out on the sideline in that game I’m like what is this dude doing?Why is jumping around crawling on the ground there up 28 points 🤨🤔so it’s to be expected lol 😂
Shannon usually makes great points-- but not on this,  sorry😞  AB is within his rights this time.
ab is in the right here. had he walked into the locker room after they tried forcing him to play with an injury and them trying to down play his injury, they would of swept it under the rug and said they never tried to force him into the game. yeah he got frustrated and walked off onto the field in his way but come on people, you cant force injured players to play.
I just genuinely gotta ask, do any of us believe a fully grown man in Bruce arians is going to AB and saying “you’re cut” while bringing his finger across his throat??? Like what is he a mortal kombat character?
I’m not a bucs fan I was a AB fan. No longer
One thing: CTE.
Wonder if AB will ever file against nfl for brain damage. Come find out hes just a dumb crazy ignorant human being.
Rule 1 You arguing this is not a debate. Answer. Men, women, & numbers lie. THE EYE TEST don't lie. Shannon told you what happened.
I dated a bipolar girl like him same ways blame ppl and every thing all his actions are that of a bi polar person no cap
LISTEN I KNOW IM NOT THE ONLY PERSON WHO QUIT A JOB IN DRAMATIC FASHION LOL.  like i def quit a job in the most unprofessional way lol
All that he does and he gets a ring out of it and Colin Kaepernick gets banned from the League for kneeling the NFL is a joke
Respect AB yall owe him apologies
If his ankle hurt so bad why was he doing jumping jacks on the field while running to the locker room
Come on Shannon you know they was wrong it wasn’t about no bonuses we know Tom would’ve made sure he got that
Jerry is talking to AB now Jerry: AB my plane is on the way to pick you up  AB: Bet, Jerry you better than Craft
If this is true, IF, then it does change things a bit considering the coach saying he had no knowledge of it. We'll see.  Even if I wouldn't do it personally, I can at least wrap my head around him removing the pads and even throwing the pads, but the jumping around ("hurt ankle") and waving to the crowd was just odd.
This is how the CTE/concussion scandal came about and I love Shannon but this isn’t a good look for the bucs.
So what difference whether he or his lawyer. Skip don’t forget Aaron Rodgers lies. Sir we do
Bruce arians came out with a statement. He’s using the ankle as an excuse he really was just petty he wasn’t getting the ball. If it was the ankle he would’ve gone through protocol
Crazy how you have more context to the situation and still have the same position
Shannon don't cut Antonio no slack😂
People say we sometimes we show up and show out
Shannon isn't too much different than Stephen A Smith. They only have jobs to do the bidding of white racist.
AB was told by coach "GET THE F U !!,OUT HERE!!!! THAT'S WHAT SET HIM OFF !!!,
AB needed a MRI but went to a basketball game after QUITTING on the Bucs…
Stop bringing up these damn incentives.  That's like movie production showing the behind scenes of a movie on how they made it
If what AB said happened is true how AB handled the situation is inconsequential Idc what Shannon or skip says. You can't disrespect and/or be unprofessional on a sideline as a head coach with throat slashes and cuts mid game then expect  professionalism and respect back....
AB takes 4 days to come up with a semi believable story with his lawyer and so many people buy it hook, line and sinker.
AB did something a Shannon sharpe type of guy wouldn’t have the cojones to Do!!!
Who cares if he signs with anyone else? Dude's a clown 🤡
Skip has me confused saying "it's hard to believe you need any surgery and you can do that" but praises Baker Mayfield week in & week out, who also needs surgery & is doing what he does week in &  week out.🤔
I remember Shannon's '93 season 'cause I was rooting for him. Always was one of my favorite Broncos!
you would think more media ppl would have apologize after new details. nope, can't do it
There's no way Shannon gonna back down now, after he lambasted him, Shannon just admit u over ran ur mouf! But u media guys, just apologize bruh
Buying that Brown Jersey 🔥🔥🔥
AB might have CTE because the dude is not rational!!
Actually he had a right to exit the way he chose. The NFL is simply entertainment. No more No less... Winning fixes everything in this league. Look at Aaron Rodgers (not being vaccinated)....The great Eric Dickerson and Lawrence TAylor said "F" the NFL.. They love the game but not the league
Shannon says he had foot injuries so he can speak about it, then goes on to say he acknowledges everyone injury is different. he missed the point that means his previous comments are moot. Also, Shannon is clearly the type that follows orders. If it was him and he felt how AB did, he would NOT have caused a scene. Doesn't make him any better, I'd argue it makes him worse. A weakling who can be controlled by others. We always know what Shannon will do, because we know he'll stay in line. If thats who you wanna be, so be it. But some people like to go out on their OWN sword and shield. He'll never understand that.
I think this just goes to show, this generation of football players are not the same as the older generation.
All AB’s are bonkers or have something wrong going on with then:  •Antonio Brown •Adrien Broner •Anthony Bennett •Alec Baldwin •Aaron Burr •Avon Barksdale  I could go on for days!
Shannon is not a doctor! Lmao stop it
To sum it up any team that signs AB do so at your own discretion. Every team that he's been to drama starts. Steelers, Raiders, Patriots and the Bucs. Who is the common denominator? When he leaves everything goes back to normal. If I was a team owner I would not sign him.
Whatever happens with him it won't happen on the bucs..he's being officially released today 😲😲😲
The fact that people are believing ab is beyond shocking... Almost like he doesn't have a track record of pulling the victim card in every situation in the past that has went down only got the public to find out later he's just bsing.
Ab never told arians he couldn’t play before the game like he should’ve. Also “you’re done” could have been ur done for the game not being cut. But hey we will never know the real story I’m just speculating. I think there was just a lot of miscommunication
Man gtfoh. Explain the exit?! AB is volatile....period.
they’ve literally talked about this EVERYDAY this week 😂 Jesus Christ! i give them credit for not getting bored or repeating the same things lol
When.. Joe Rogan.   Had a clip..  About.   Kobe. Tore both his..  Achilles..  He still slowly walked to the free throw on the side. I was wow. He cant even move his knees..  More like.. Dragging his feet. Ouch how sad
Arians should have asked Brady what to do.
Shannon clearly has a personal vendetta with Antonio brown
spoiled black privilege
“You Good, We Gonna Give You Some Balls” 😂😂😂😂
Skip only played for thirty seconds. Fifty years ago.  Somehow he's an expert in all things sports lol 🤣 🤣 yea ok
Shannon dropping jewels
These two are so one sided anymore with everyone. Everyone stick up for these big companies shitting all over people! Hooray!
It's a way to handle everything. This day in time everyone seems to be so perfect. And can tell everyone how to handle every situation. Crazy !! Like these two really know how much pain this man was in.
He handled it the way he did because he wanted to be heard. Sometimes you gotta do the most for ppl to hear you. Unfortunately ppl saw the messenger instead of the message
I remember I asked why and people were telling me it did not matter .
Look at all the clowns below backing AB just because they played competitive sports in the past. Y'all are laughable in addition to sounding pathetic asf. Don't kid yourselves that this is about AB's so-called injury. Even Brady has never mentioned his injury and you don't think he'd know if one of his receiver has been injured? For weeks? Fking idiots. No wonder you are no longer playing competitively or making a good living doing so.
But what does Skip mean by saying the statement doesn’t “sound” like AB wrote it🤔🤔🤔
If an NFL player says they're hurt the medical staff is going to look at them, period. He clearly didn't communicate his injury to anyone if that was the issue because we have no footage of him being evaluated.
I didn't know that Shannon is an Orthopaedic Surgeon besides a football player.
AB will definitely get another shot in the NFL his talent will get him another chance, but the Bucs training staff needs to be looked into I really do believe they value winning over a players health, Chris Godwin was out there jogging on a torn ACL before they decided it was something seriously wrong with him…
If AB didn’t do what he did on Sunday, this wouldn’t be big of a story and concern about his injury😂 people will literally think he is a quitter and messed on the head even more
I wanna hear what mike evans and oj said. Somewhere in there lies the truth
Antonio Brown's just another Primadonna b****
Also anyone that believes that screenshot of his conversation with "BA" is real, either has never lied in their lives or needs to quit the internet.
Shannon is right on the money with this take here.
Arians is in the wrong too, that must be pointed out.
Imagine dissing Tom Brady in an IG post and he’s the reason you have a super bowl . He’s the reason you were on the pats and the Bucs..imagine that..Brady hasn’t said one bad word about AB and he making diss records and photoshopping Brady’s head on to posters …that’s clown behavior
Antonio Brown might be an idiot, but Tampa Bay is a shady organization. It’s also fair to say theyre not the only shady NFL organization. Hope they get eliminated early
Shannon just stated 14:27 he had the exact same injury as AB & was able to play until the end of the season and get surgery. Why is the reason for him skipping to the locker room impossible two things can be true at the same time . People including these shows I wish showed more grace to people and stopped acting as if they have done no wrong in life period . Thing is if half the folks who criticize could never stand up to their own darknesses or mistakes being revealed, folks should be quick to remember what they once were are who they ARE but just haven’t been proven to be yet . I’m sure someone will comment either as troll or someone who didn’t fully read my comment and share a opinion but this isn’t me trying to be right or wrong simply wanting to state we need to show GRACE !
The exit was all about attention. AB seems like the type of guy who loves to be center of everyone’s attention, positively or negatively.
This is going to come down to a HE SAID (AB), THEY SAID (BUCS ORGANIZATION)...not good for AB 🤦‍♂️
Even with what AB did leaving the game… Arians was in no way “right” on how he handled it. Seems like he railroaded AB and then tried to lie about it saying he didn’t know about the ankle. And the medical staff clearing him don’t mean nothing, the medical staff works for the bucs, of course they’re going to clear him
Why do undisputed producers never wanna show the video image of what skip says they only do it if he ask a good show like first take automatically shows these images as host narrate
wow u see the narrative. now its and issue who wrote Antonio Brown note.smmfh
Shooting up your bad ankle 10 weeks in a row Shannon is not a good thing 😕
Basically BA was trying to make AB play on through injury AB said no BA said your done AB leaves the field in fashion
so the coach dont hold any blame.  my brotha this is why you had a hip replacement. money  is not everything shannon
AB left like how I left when I got fired from my job in college
Shannon’s suit game is unmatched
Exit or no exit...i dont see Shannon saying anything about how the coaches handled the situation...lame
I woulda did like AB! Nobody boutta talk to me stupid! It’s about dignity and respect! They need him!
Dudes just doing too much... his talent used to outweigh his antics and he’s still ballin but now it’s not worth the headaches, financial strain and locker room detriment.
I see why they keep people like him on 📺
I'm interested in the commentary, but why does Shannon have to yell at the top of his lungs the whole damn time?
i use to have a lot of respect for shannon sharpe but he isturning into skip. now he is trying to say everybodys pain is the same. wow. what a sell out...smfh
Howver this story turns out... might as well forget right now about a Bucs SB repeat. Bad enough they have to deal with tons of injuries, but this whole AB fiasco gonna eff up their locker room and take their minds out of the game, regardless of it Brady try to do something about it.
Mr. Sharpe, after the segment, i want that jacket, seriously, i really want that jacket, pls find a way, thanks 84, great player, but a better mentor, don't 4get, i want the jacket, pls and thanks again...
PROTECT ANTONIO BROWN AKA AB AT ALL COSTS!!
Wow Shannon is becoming the next SAS  . I'll unsub here like I did ESPN . Stop playing boi !
Shannon starting to sound like a Steven a smith
Exactly Shannon. The way he handle the situation was just wrong.
AB acting like he was the only one on that team that is hurt everyone on that Bucs team is hurt
If the cowboys can't win with the wr they have, you might need a new qb.
AB is a spoiled brat! Mr Drama
I don’t see how anyone can defend AB on this one .. Yeah they probably asked him to play through an injury but like Shannon said there is NOTHING that explains the way he acted Sunday !
Shannon going full Stephen A with the use of "histrionics".
Shannon keeps it 💯 always ❗️ Couldn’t have said it better
Lol Mr Sharpy n Skippy tryn to be the voice or AB and how they think he should act. Well sorry you dont know whats really going on with that man🚭🚭🚭🤡📸🤬👀
I didn’t know y’all was doctors
Would a 1990s NFL team beat a college team today🤔?
I'm with AB on this one.
Shannon I’m so disappointed! I know they said you bucked danced. So Sad. Do not try to destroy this brother.
I think we’ll all have to wait for the Lifetime movie to get the full story!
AB should have taken the high road. I don't think he was "cut". That was an excuse for him to exit like he did.
Ion like what he insinuating
AB's ankle looked fine as he was jumping up and down celebrating with his shirt off in the endzone.. AB is full of sh--, get this clown out of the league..
Just like any disgruntled employee Tampa Bay should just pay him and give him his unconditional release and be done with him, to drag this out is only going to make them look bad, and Tom Brady your darling boy. He got them a Super Bowl it is time to break ways, they got what they wanted outs of him.
BA AB BA TB BA TB12 AB BA AB TB 🙃SKKKIPPPPPP..
The exit is not more important than the reason for the exit. Shannon is redirecting. Arians wouldn't be clear in what was discussed. Let's not forget about all of the fantasy football leagues that are going to lose big.🤔🤔🤔
This is why I don’t jump to conclusions. I like to know more facts before rushing to judgement. People choosing sides. That’s why I always like to have receipts because people/organizations will lie. Just because you think someone has mental issues or are emotionally unstable does not mean they are lying.
Everybody is saying he has mental problems. The coach said get out and he got out lol
Shannon is right on point.  AB probably has a point, but you can't leave the field like that.  He gave the team no choice but to get rid of him.
Regardless of who is right or wrong the players union and the league should investigate this. Nevertheless, he should have never acted the the way he did with his outburst. If he elected to walk to the locker room and not return and release a statement then it would be fine. But, he acted a fool, had everyone thinking that CTE was involve, and thinking his career was over. We need to have all the evidence to come forward to have a clear understanding.
Now everyone back tracking what they said 1st & now trying to find new excuses.😂😂😂😂AB got them with the mud face
🤬 SKIPPY y would someone that AB knows confide in you👀 lol stop it🚭🚭🚭
Dear Skip,     Tom Brady doesn’t “love” AB, he loves his talent and what he can get out of him…
Anyone blindly defending AB is a 🤡 Why are you taking the word of a man who is a pathological liar? Show me some evidence and then we can talk
Whole situation summed up by Shannon in the first minute. Well said
This actually does feel like a game changer. I'm gonna judge this based on the information given NOT AB's past behavior. That's fair.
Always to side to the story
The surprise isn't what brown just did, the surprise is it doesn't happen last season. I was shocked.
Nothing was wrong with that dude ankle bruh.
how can anyone believe a word AB says?
I see now why I stopped watching this to much Skip Bayless running his mouth about nothing
OK Shannon, now you know the NFL has turn into nothing, but a rig clown shows, once Walt Disney got involved, just like the WWE, so whatever, AB has made NFL money for ratings, so you might as well get off of this he let his teammates down, there's no such thing as that anymore, it's all about social media politics, and rigged orchestrated games using those officials.
It’s official he’s done.
Shannon says AB should have gone to the locker room. Fair enough. Only one problem with that. Bruce Arians sliced his hand across his throat. "You're done!" If your boss does that to you, are you gonna go sit in the break room? Or are you gonna punch out, get in your car, and drive home?
You can say whatever about Antonio. But he did help Tampa win a super bowl
The exit is irrelevant!!!
He was just released
Ladies and Gentlemen introducing " Skip I dont think I have ever seen anything quite like this before, and I've been covering the league for a lonnng time Bayless"....🙄
I agree AB STILL shouldn't have done it, because he didn't necessarily have to go to the players union, he could always done what he ultimately did and use the sports media and the texts to leverage the Bucs..... instead of helping the Bucs and giving them ammunition with his actions...... BUT i still thinks it's horrifying if Arians is forcing injured players out on the field. That's a greater cancer to a team than a 1 player running around shirtless.....your coach lacks any and all empathy and concern for players health?? he's john vioght in Varsity Blues....don't be John Voight in Varsity Blues...Don't be John Voight in real life, because he's awful, but definitely don't Varsity Blues John Voight.
This is were  Skip is good,  because he breaks down every detail
Shannon he is not you. Don’t do this to our brother. Stop it!
I would think that a player who disrespects the quarterback on the field would have the quarterback come talk to them off the field about  their behavior.
AB can do anything right!!
I like how they point out the things ab did in the end zone but don’t wanna talk about everything that transpired before any of that.  As a sports player I don’t agree with what he did on the field, but I don’t like how the coach gets no blame. Especially denying he didn’t even know he was hurt in the first place
Everytime I see the Dak Prescott sleep number AD I cringe as a cowboys fan he ain't playing right
Shannon why are you yelling like that and taken 4ever to get to the point damn
I love having a bona fide hall of famer as a co-host, no matter my thoughts on Skip. Him being able to give input from first hand experience is great.
Regardless all he does is switch teams cause it attitude blows.. Pittsburgh held under wraps for a few years, blew it in Oakland, New England and now the bucs. I don’t care how good you are, you’re making millions and you don’t care
Agreed Shannon Sharpe. You have experience in the sport as a top NFL tightend and have been 💉up multiple times. Everybody making excuses for AB. Just🛑. You're hindering him not helping him. He needs help but there's no excuse for that exit.
I love it how Shannon always compares himself to others. You are not AB. No one is AB but AB.
Everybody shouldn't have to have para social relationship with team to communicate equally as a team member.
Both of ya'll are full of sh*t. When Kawhi had his injury issue in SA, both of you clearly said that people have different pain tolerances. You also said that's why you couldn't really say if he was lying about how much pain he was in. So why not apply that same logic to AB? I'm not even an AB fan, I just think you both are full of it.
Shannon we get it you’ll do anything for them white men lol it’s a new era buddy we not ruining our bodies for their entertainment. Boxing too people bash Floyd for being smart while still being great because y’all want him to fight a certain way that’s literally not safe lol
I love AB stick it to the man LOL could you imagine the rebel without a cause following A B would have if he was white, he would probably be able to do movies.
Excited to see Tampa's side of it now. Dude dragged this out in public 💀  I'm in no way saying players should HAVE TO play through injury... Look at Mike Evens right now... Dude is out there making plays on a shot hammy.
Am I the only one who thinks that the text messages posted by AB are somehow fishy? Why does BA have to identify himself in a text thread?
Bruce gotta be sick  ......he never even wanted him to start. Then the fake vac comes and Brady begs to keep him. A few weeks later.....all your fears come true. Bruce was right all along. Bet there's not one full bottle in Bruce house right now.🥂🍷🍸🥃🍷
Bruce Arians was asked after the game about what he said to him, Bruce was sidestepping like James Harden on the perimeter. Now that there's reports and tangible evidence  confirming what AB's saying, people are trying to play both sides of the argument or go ad hominem because of his track record. Shannon himself agreed with what Antonio said happened between him and BA based on BA's reputation but then said Antonio handled it wrong by leaving even though BA told him to go. Antonio's no angel but this is shaping up to be a case where you can't get on him.
*All Please* *Y'all Keep That Same Energy*
These guys went from bashing AB for quitting on his team to now ignoring all the proof he provided to his coach trying to force him to play with an injury.
Could Skip be a bigger dork?
Damn what wrong with shannon. He handled it wrong be if the coach tell me to play hurt or get out of here I would have showed him up too. Just because you took the shot so you could play that was your  Decision
I somehow knew he would eventually go after TB12.  Now he is done!  Release the mic'd up; hoping there is something they will eventually release.  How will Tom respond with him insinuating that he and BA are now the villain of the story and it isn't AB's fault?
What AB did wrt exiting doesn't matter at all. Bruce Arians threatening him for not playing hurt does matter. One action has material consequences and one is just a matter of style.
All he needs to do is release an authenticated copy of that MRI from the hospital, end of story.
Your not a doctor Skip, nor did you play sports at a high level, did you account adrenaline, because someone doesn’t respond the way you think they should have, that man gave a good response and reason. Some time you can do so much BS that people won’t give you the benefit of the doubt, out of everything I’ve seen reported the last few years around AB, this one makes the most sense, yes I may not have exited the game like that, but he is his own man, that’s why you get the details before just reacting, a lot of people could been more professional from what it sounds like.
Funny how the media thinks athletes can’t complete a sentence.. smh
No one forced AB to play
Brady is totally to blame for this. He knew what brown was and thought he was great enough to control him.   AB  will always be A 🐝. Sting you In the End.
So you wanted him to basically lie and act like he was going to get an x-ray
Climate crisis > football
skip just says the same thing over , over , over & over, he just repeats himself, just repeats himself , just repeats himself, just repeats himself. then finally gets to his point!! then repeats himself again of what he said other shows
AB is who the media tried to make us think Terrell Owens was.
Like I said before angry bruce grumpy old man is the issue he cut him mid game AB did what anyone does give them there uniform and leave AB comply
I lost all respect for these two ....
Ab still didn’t have to leave like that
nobody talking about the money right now, AB was mad already that he cant get the money because of the ankle, when BA talked to him  bad , AB wennt of , dont expect a volatil personn react like an other one with diferent caracter
AB has never, NEVER, taken responsibility for any if his actions. Leaves the steelers "its Ben's fault, it's jujus fault, it's Tomlins fault". Same with the raiders, and then the patriots. Forgive me if I don't believe him
I can’t even believe Shannon is saying this. It’s one thing to endure some pressure to play. It’s another entirely for a player to feel  Like their standing is predicated on them playing injured to their own detriment and they can’t say they are injured. If you don’t believe AB, you don’t that’s okay that’s your call but saying even if it’s true it “doesn’t change anything” Is wild from a HOFer.  Moreover Shannon you were short of 1,000 yards for the regular season. This isn’t the same. You were targeted the most by far in that loss to the raiders. Same story when you went back in the wildcard. Which changes the dynamic massively. This is not the same as you got all the targets possible . It doesn’t in any way excuse or explain AB’s behavior… it was atrocious  but at best it’s bad faith to pretend not only your incentives were the same, but also your injuries.
Bro ain’t nobody tryna shoot an ankle up to play the Jets bro relax. It’s called evolution.
AB will be broke within 5 years and be in jail within 10.
I guess the question now is who's more wrong the league, the bucs, or ab?
He exited the way he did was because he just got fired on the sideline. Damn Shannon we know you don't like the man.
I had a feeling it was more too that story these teams don’t care smh 🤦🏾‍♂️
Many pacquiao had lost the fight to Floyd due to a shoulder injury.. Skip believes it even though he was throwing punches with that arm.. AB says he's hurt.. Skip: I don't believe it..
Yes Ab could’ve handled it different but dude had emotions lol like come on.. if he BA told him all that, I would’ve stormed off too man.. come on both are wrong but if what AB is saying is true I’m more on his side
2022 WILL BE MY BREAKOUT YEAR IN MUSIC 🚀 m
Skip loves lying about talking to someone in somebody’s circle
Everybody not you it his life he live it like he want to right or wrong maybe he not a company man stand for some or stand for nothing
I've never had a "get out there and play" injection before so this is an honest question...Does toradol work more effectively when injected at the site of the injury? My wife got that inj for a wrist injury but the ink site was her glute muscle. It worked just fine for her wrist pain. But to be honest, she was NOT gonna play in an NFL game hours after that injection. So is it better at the site, or does that not matter so much?
Shannon is always ready to attack players if they don’t act like he did as a player. Imagine if a woman was forced to do something at work because it will make the company better.
Coach BA needs to understand that all that hard noise coaching is not the right approach to the new age 💯
Aint no telling how the message was received tht made him act out tht way especially with him knowing tht he was already on borrowed time 🤷🏾‍♂️
This color looks great on Shannon.  His one liners are getting better
🤣😂 wow  hope that $ good wow I use to like you guys you wrong on this one you dont know enough  about  it to choose a side on TV.
If he was cut on the sideline he should of left your no longer getting paid.
Shannon lost me when he is comparing his injury to ABs. Every injury is different for each individual. Also Shannon u ain’t a orthopedic surgeon.
Won't go against that head coach for nothing in the world. ✊🏾white powder
Gotta stop normalizing grown men throwing temper tantrums
I am only watching this because I was curious if Shannon would take AB side of the story and have a more unbiased opinion. Nope because of the exit lol! He was cut and told to leave I am team AB. Unc has become the new Stephen A which is sad because he did not start out that way
shouldnt play hurt, fellas.
Wow u really hate him why , what your ankle got to do with his you dont make sence.
Shannon your just looking to say something bad about him
your ankle is injured and yet you are fit enough to do jumping jacks and do your round in the arena to get standing ovations? Yeah not buying it and if thats right then it was not smart in selling your case
There is a way to handle thing can be seen the other way too! The bucs could have said nothing and sent brown to the locker room with a trainer and then cut him later! Instead they did it in a way they knew they could get a unstable person to tweak!!! Telling a player he is cut for not playing injured is a little Varsity Blueish!
The only problem I have with Shannon's  questioning of AB, is Tampa Bays respond  by not cutting him yet! Where there's smoke, their's fire.
AB probably needs that bonus. Being on league minimum. It's expensive to live the way he likes to live. He probably burned through all his money.  He said he quit and acted like a goofball because that's the last bit of power he felt he had.   Realized quitting gives the bucs the ability not to pay ab his contract.   As mentioned before he's hurting for money.  20 million a year for 5 years to incentive based 2 million dollar contract.  Ab hurting for 💰
Sniff Bayless
Skip is the king of just making up narrative “gronk’s in brady doghouse” “Brady force feeding AB” loll that why so many players don’t like him
Nah bro cuz if what BA said was true why would he respectfully leave when they did him so bad? Like f it, I’m going out how I want to, f you BA, f the bucs, don’t care about me? I’m out bro that’s it
"AB BA AB BA AB BA" - Shannon
He ran pretty well for someone with ankle pain that throw up the ✌️ sign and ran on the field and down the tunnel🤷🏿‍♂️
AB is a textbook narcissist. Everything is a spectacle, Everything is blown out of proportion, Everything is about *THEM* and Every problem is someone else's fault smh Not to mention, almost Everything they say is a half truth or an outright Lie, so there's that too 🧐
Hotheaded coach + Hotheaded player = HEATED SITUATION
Hats off to Shannon for his patience for the time it takes for skip to get to the point
Shannon sharp only has a job because he supports the narrative he’s a token
Is it possible the exit was intentionally done to prevent this being swept under the rug?
AB to the dolphins!
Skip talks too much & Shannon just sitting there replying “Yep” “Uh huh” “Right” “Yep” “Uh huh” “Right” 💀💀
Realized I only watch this show for the topics on occasion and FS1 could definitely put better talent out there but here we are w these guys getting most the views on network likely besides cowherd.
Have somebody ever disrespected you in a professional environment and you reacted in a way that was not professional.
The EXIT was his reaction! People react different to the same situation, we are not “cut” from the same cloth🔥!
Skip and his “sources”🧢🧢🧢
He gave his explanation he say the man told him u done slicing his finger across his neck so u fired me on the sidelines I would've left the same way the media got the black man turning on black man smh
I'm waiting for the fake x-ray news to come out. Lmao
Once a 🤡, always a 🤡 in AB's case. He's shown time and time again to have these outbursts and handling situations horribly. Maybe he does need mental help idk, maybe the Buccs really are in the wrong here for trying to get him to play on an ankle that needs surgery. But dude was doing jumping jacks in the endzone. Just doesn't sit right with me.
Shannon! Feeling pressure doesn’t make it right🔥!
And then ab will somehow find his way back on to the bucs roster before the the divisional round comes and we can ask live happily ever after
Shannon legitimately putting AB down on this one.
Shannon is 100% right. Sorry AB. You a clown. Stop acting like a fool. Everyone is injured. Stop being delusional to AB's BS
People defending this dude proves that many never grow up, they just get older.
Arians is dishonest I know it
The media always gonna spin the story so it can sell. They always conclude with one sided story and when it change, they struggle to swallow their pride. They then go back into history to defend their point of view.
Shannon you are 100 percent correct my man!
Sounds like BA and the Bucs organization has some s'plaining to do. Bucs trying to stretch a dime out of a nickel and they gonna get heat for it. I think AB should have handled himself more professionally.
Watch Ab go to the chiefs
He explained the exit…
In this situation you they shouldn’t be able to hold AB’s past against him in my opinion
One thing about AB he never been known as a liar ‼️
It says something about the state of our society how many people are defending AB right now
AB IS A 🤡
These guys still want to play psychologist. You guys jumped the gun and can't admit it.
Not completely agreeing with AB but no matter what the topic is about AB shannon will never be on AB side
Poor AB. Every place he goes he has bad luck.
Everybody is NOT you, Shannon. Just because you’re able to keep your cool when mistreated that’s not everyone.
His ankle seemed fine running and doing jumping jacks in the endzone.
Maan wtf Shannon talkin bout? His ankle is broken shut up. Also, wtf that has to do with incentives. Dude just talkin
These guys hate AB.
ANTONIO BROWN COMIN WITH RECEIPTS .. LAMESTREAM MEDIA 📺 COMIN WITH BIASED OPINIONS ..
All that man did was leave the field, they act like he was doing cartwheels and backflips
Shannon had a great insightful perspective.
I don't care about his past and I'm a person who believes that AB is his own destruction but if what AB is saying is true, he doesn't deserve criticism on this. If he would have simply walked off, the media would have still said he had a temper tantrum simply because of his track record. If this is true, BA needs to be fired and never allowed to be a coach in any capacity in the NFL and if AB is lying, that should be his last game in the NFL.
Its a lie nfl app just blew my phone up. Tampa released they were at no point told Sunday he was hurt and that he could not play. And released him as well
The average guy gets if:  If a player can catch a football, the fact that he's a criminal doesn't matter.
I like Tom, as I am a Patriots fan I loved him for years, but Tom, we did tell you, did we!!!!! You wanted all these weapons, so put up with these weapons complaints and occasional butter finger spell.
Now these guys have medical degrees 🤣
AB is doing his best to be a good teammate.. and the team kicks him like a stray dog. Because they gave him a chance that means he is beholden to Brady and the team and can't say no to anything.
Everybody is talking about how he walked off the field but nobody has said anything about BA. BA is at fault the most. He's the Head coach. He should have been more professional not AB. People acting like if they got fired at their job they are going sit there for the remainder of their shift
He just saying that in hope that a team will sign him next year!
Shannon leave it alone. AB did what he did,being himself. Everybody don't want to be mastas boy.
Where the story on the COACH NOW?????????????
Love AB. We need him back, but with the Packers in the NFC Championship against the Bucs.
Amazing these comments sounds like they was on the sidelines, yall opinions is just that
I been with AB, I'm still with AB
All this time being wasted on a guy who should be in jail. Remember the playoffs folks? They start in 9 days and King Henry is going to make his return😀
Knowingly forcing a player to play hurt > making a scene leaving the field. Posting since it seems people are confused as to which is worse.
Old man Skip - listen to Shannon.  Explain the quitting
Shannon is really doubling down. Chris Godwin is out for the season… the last thing you need is AB to get hurt. You won the division so you’re getting a home game. Then you’re on the road anyway Bc the packers got the number 1 seed. If AB went back in the game got hurt… and he told us after the game. “I was hurt they told me to get back in the game so I did” everyone would be saying “he shouldn’t have gotten in the game”. Fine it was unprofessional how he left but if I tell you I’m hurt and you say “get in or your cut” I can see A LOT of ppl leaving. But he could’ve handled it better but BA should be getting criticized for lying
Explain for what !!! what’s understood don’t need to be explain, the guy was frustrated and then for them to pretend like they didn’t know that he was injured and demand that he get back in The Game, the guy was shot up on drugs before coming out. (And it had worn off) He shouldn’t have been on the field in the first place..according to his private surgeon o.O
Shannon a 🤡
Forcing a player to take pain killers and play injured??
Theatrics were childish BUT everyone handles situations differently.   If a man looks at me and slides his finger across his throat and tells me “you’re done”.  Probably gonna handle the disrespect differently than AB.
AB has become an excuse machine. He never wants to take responsibility so he blames everyone else for his demise.  In Pittsburgh he blamed Big Ben. In Oakland he blamed Gruden and Mayock. In New England he blamed Robert Kraft and his accusers. Now he blames Bruce Arians and the medical staff.
How can you get cut during the game.. AB is on drugs..  AB you need help..
If your coach cut you on the sidelines, what he did was mild
Sooo, he had incentives that would have paid him a million dollars and he didn't want to go in????  Sha? Why are you a company man???
i like how people are making excuses about AB jumping up and down in the end zone by saying "he was on pain killers".  Is he really hurt and bothered by his injury or can he not feel it at all when he's on "pain killers"?
Antonio Clown 🤡
If he said he’s cut, then AB exit isn’t wrong
That ankle looked good when he was doing jumping jacks on the way out the stadium
I would totally watch a debate format show with Jenny and Alex. Make it happen FS1!
Lawyering up tweets 🤣😂💀😂💀😂💀😂 what is this world 🌎 come down to 🤦🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️🤔💀😂💀😂💀😂
He had a trigger to cause him to act the way he did, his ankle injury was rly bad not something he should or could play through they told him he couldn’t feel pain and it triggered him to act a certain way ig, he should sue tf outta the buccs I’m on team AB no question
Just cause AB ran and sprinted and jumped off the field doesn't mean nothing. Godwin had a torn MCL and sprinted on the sideline
Shannon doing white folks dirty work you coward
Now that more info is coming out. You get to process the situation differently. Coach said your done! If you knew you was getting fired. Would you stay on job or quit? Some people stay and get the axe. Some people quit. Depends on the person. I wouldn't stay✌🏾. What would you do?
Shay Shay the best ex-player in the business right now.
Gronk caught a pass right before the meltdown and ab knew how close he was to a million bonus.. everything else is BS
It's appearing that in the NFL atleast that  a player can literally do anything other than speaking in support of black people. That everything else is forgivable.
Who’s here after he just got released by the bucs
Buccaneers 🏴‍☠️ need to apologies and let AB come back and get his 44 yards and 30 catches to get his money 💰… Tampa Bay needs him bad.
Shannon is two faced Bruce hold it the right way
I love what AB did point blank period they changing the NFL in every aspect glad to see real people showing real feelings Shannon sound like a hater
SKIP BAYLESS: BRADY DIDN'T SAY ANYTHING ABOUT THE ANKLE SO IT MUST BE FAKE. FOH SKIP
Ole Shay Shay likes to tell people on TV about talking to coaches and how they better respect him don't put your hands on a grown man, he said 2 weeks ago when the washington DTs went at it. Bruce Arians put he's finger on his throat and send your done. Now AB has to reaction in a calm way. No one mentioned the text messages and Bruce knew about the ankle and lied about it but this channel proves again that they are not news only a media relations company for all NFL teams to protect the shield not the players, why do we choose billionaires over players
That's why it is mental! He keeps flipping out in a irrational manner.
Stop looking at the league as a privilege and more of a job.
Now WTF do u studio clowns have to say about AB???
I want people to defend AB throwing shots at Brady who went to back for AB not 1 but 2 times.
“Explain the exit” Wym its Antonio Brown😭
Not Gone Hold Bruce Accountable Though We Know You Gotta Stick To The Narrative
Shannon is in the wrong yet again.
Coaches should always be held to a higher standard than players. This is all BAs fault!
I blame AB a lot less after these details, but, like Shannon, I think he could have handled it a lot better.   AB shouldn’t have reacted to the throat cut “you’re done” remark from the coach. When you think about it, what power does that coach have to cut AB *just because his ankle hurt* ? The coach would look crazy to cut him solely based off that. Brady wouldn’t allow it for sure. But because AB overreacted it gave everyone more of a reason to be against him.   If AB hadn’t reacted, the coach would have looked like the crazy one.
Shannon this ain't about you bro
So glad Shannon gives an actual players pov. Anyways he was spot on. The only reason we are even speaking about this is because he made it into something to talk about. No matter what Bruce Arians said AB should've and could've handled this better. He's made a fool out of himself.
You all are speaking out of your a$$es on this one, but I get it; we all have the right to our opinion.  The injury he had doesn't affect his mobility in that way.
The social media world that only base their opinions on head liners: “AB is a child last game he’s ever going to play in the NFL.” Later on: “AB needs to seek legitimate help” “AB has CTE.” Now: “He’s right but he should’ve handled the situation better.” THE HATE ON PEOPLE IS UNREAL IN THIS WORLD.
AB released text messages exchanged with Bruce Arians. BA knew he ankle wasn't good but kept pushing him to play. Then apparently Bruce cut him mid game and that's why AB took his uniform off and left. Makes sense to me
make it make sense.
I mean if you got fired, would you finish your shift? If it’s true what AB said
EXACTLY!!! Explain the theatrics. Most disgruntled players remain on the sideline with their teammates and then vent.. Good point Unk
I think he's bipolar and he had a manic episode. He needs professional help and he doesn't need all you fake fans condoning his BS damage control reasons that he comes up with retrospectively.
Bruce Arians history with injuries  Sent gronk back in game with broken ribs  Had Godwin running sprints in sideline with torn ACL Had Fournette running routes after injury led to IR Had Tom Brady play on unreported MCL tear  Winston played with a torn meniscus and a fractured thumb
Shannon you are being a old head and you need to get over yourself on this one.   A coach cuts a player on the sidelines because he didn't want to play injured. The player leaves after being cut and it's the players fault. Only in America were this idiotic logic makes sense
Idk I think I’m in AB’s corner the coach getting in his face and running his finger across his throat and saying he was done. I would’ve been like f it then too. Ain’t no coach gonna tell me I’m done and ima just sit there on the bench for optics. F that.
Once again, instead of giving him credit they still wanna secure the fact that they were “right” before the truth and all the facts came out. Skip I expect it but Shannon….🧐
His ankle was just fine when they was beating the panthers, but starting to hurt while losing to the jets..........
Drop the sideline footage
And I well he can act how he wants . This ain’t school let him express his feelings how he wants
SHAME ON YOU SHANNON......... SHAME ON YOU.... YOU ARE A TRAITOR!!!!
He looked real injured jumping up and down when he was walking off the field 😂🤣  🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
Damn for the first time Shannon , I don’t feel you on this one .. he’s a man first .. plus yu tryna push him to play and get more hurt ..
Shannon, you're my guy, but I don't agree with your take today. I thought personally you chose a side too early and started screaming mental health without knowing AB's side. Then post AB's statement you could've been objective and recant previous judgement... You are real and better than Stephen A. Smith in this regard. Stay true.
It ain’t his mental it’s his ego🤔
SHANNON IS A PUPPET
HOW is everyone saying AB caused this?? Are u guys robots? AB showed text messages saying he was HURT and even played but couldnt finish,then was TOLD by the coach GET IN u are not injured. Like WTF how is Bruce NOT WRONG. SHANNON IS A CLOWN for shitting on him when Coach was more in the WRONG.   Also HOW about the LIE SKIP SAID that he heard from a close source that AB was mad because BRADY was mad because he was throwing at Gronk. Skip is another piece of sh
Crazy thing is His Statement was good . I think it would’ve created just enough for a desperate GM to roll the dice on him but they’d have to be Crazy to sign him after the messages
People send bills for millions of dollars and go to court everyday will claims… If someone sends you a bill you have to be stupid not to challenge it. If it is done with you under duress
They play for 60 minutes a week 😂😂😂😂 let's go Brandon
MEDIA IS TOXIC AF. IF AB HAS A MENTAL ISSUE, Y'ALL FAILED HIM. READ THAT GREAT PIECE BY THE WASHINGTON POST. READ THE TEXT MESSAGES BETWEEN AB AND BA. I AM REALLY DESPISING THE MEDIA RN Y'ALL ARE TRASH FOR DRAGGING HIM FOR THIS. JUST CAUSE HE HANDLED IT THE WAY HE DID DOESNT WARRANT SO MUCH SCRUTINY... UNC STOP TALKING ABOUT YOUR INJURIES AND WHAT NOT, JUST CAUSE YOU DIDN'T "SAY A WORD" DOESN'T MAKE IT RIGHT, AND LIKE I SAID THERE'S NO HE SAID SHE SAID WE SAW THE TEXTS.......
We don’t know the truth 2 sides of the situation but no excuses the way he exited the game so many players would love to be in his position right now playing along side TB smh
It's always the brother. I'm sick and tired of the NFL, hence why I haven't watched that chit in 4 years.
AB blames everybody else but himself.
As tom say AB we love u but we not feeding your ego, and his fans and supporters should not feed it
I wouldn't of took off my jersey shoulder pads, helmet, gloves and undershirt then wave bye to the crowd and doing jumping jacks but that's just me.
At the end of the day two things can be wrong at the sametime, BA is wrong for ordering AB back into the game if he's complaining about his ankle being injured and AB is also 100% wrong for doing  a grand exit like that. It was definitely NOT that serious for him to basically quit the Bucs ..man should've just went back to the locker had a talk with the coach after the game and none of this would even be a topic
You cant yell at a player that he is cut from the team on the sideline and expect them to stay there
shannaon hella biased because he doesn’t like AB. bruce arians handled that situation horribly and all shannon could talk about was how AB exited. 🤦🏾
AB is a joke of the NFL, he needs to take full responsibility and apologize to THOMAS EDWARD PATRICK BRADY JR!!
They can’t admit they are wrong🤡
just cause you played on a bad ankle doesn'y make it right.... "Get in there boy"
A throat/could set anyone off 🐸
No Dak I don't want your sleep bed
When Antonio Brown left the MetLife stadium, he reminded me of LeBron when he quit on his team against the Suns during Game 6 of the 2021 playoffs.
i understand that AB have issues but both of them are wrong, there have been sooooo many times that player get hurt and then you all say why did the coach play him!!!  hypocrite is what i am seeing right now.  the coach told him if he cant play they dont need him there.  so what else was he to do.  i dont like the way he left the field but we all had times where  someone talk to you sideways.
Antonio Brown is a clown. He quit on his team by taking off his jersey and also begging for attention. AB is the LeBron if the NFL both are drama queens and attention seekers.
I think it is so dumb to have an injured player on the field and to cover it up in the process
Ironic that AB wants the Bucs to pay him money he's owed but he refuses to pay the people he promised to pay
AB has more lives than cats 😂
It’s sad, I want to believe Antonio brown but unfortunately he has lost the benefit of the doubt as a result of his past actions.
AB ankle wasn't hurting when he was jumping around in the endzone..lol
yall need to post faster. These fake channels upload videos about 2 hours before you guys
When you wrong ppl with mental imbalances, the exit just may look that way.
Im hearing some soft shoeing Shannon...u not Unc today homie.....
Well here’s the thing, AB might be telling the absolute truth but guess what, he still acted like a crybaby when he made his exit out of the game, nones gonna believe because of his actions. So it’s still AB’s fault, shouldn’t have reacted the way he did
The NFL must have a rule in their bylaws that players can not speak to the sports TALKERS when they say speculation. Why would Tom Brady have to FORCE FEED a receiver catches? Skip is an idiot.
I get what everybody saying… but dude didn’t have this excuse when he danced towards the exit, yeah they both wrong but AB ain’t want be there to begin with🤷🏾‍♂️if he did I have no doubt that he would’ve talked to TB before listening to BA
Mind blowing that the focus is not on the coach mishandling the situation !!!!  All the rest is plain noise and biased assumptions.
ABs word means nothing. Based on his history. Less than nothing.
He was doing jump and jacks leaving the field🤔
Now the narrative is "well, well, BA did lie about knowing AB didn't feel he was healthy enough to produce, but AB shouldn't have threw his equipment off the way he did". 🤦🏿‍♂️ No matter what, AB will always look like the bad guy to some people.
to everyone saying him getting cut was about money really need to stop because this statement ends that discussion. at least with those bonuses. no way it's about money. but this statement I find hard to believe even if he does have the injury. Brady interaction on the sideline and post game point to something else causing what transpired. if Ariens cut him on the sideline then I doubt teammates would be trying to keep him on the sideline. to be fair maybe Evans wasn't trying to keep him on the sideline and was just telling him to calm down and not cause a scene. but  Bradys post game sounded like their was a different issue which was not physical. if it was physical then why say he hopes AB gets the compassion and help he needs. if it's a physical injury AB will get that help at some point in time. it looks to me they are taking a real injury and creating a false narrative out of it. but I could be wrong.
AB should have let the players Union handle it. That's what the Union is for.  AB made it worse by doing what he did.
Skip is speculating with heresay
Ab was hurt and being forced to play hold Bruce account able
Shannon… just like the rest of us we have to admit we were wrong… Hurt is hurt… AB does a bunch of clown like things but this isn’t one of them. Nobody should be forced to play hurt. Especially with proof.
Why is no one bringing up how the BUCS hid toms knee injury that needed surgery
I hope the Bucs sign either Dez Bryant or Alshon Jeffery to replace him. Never should’ve brought him back, his numbers aren’t even that good anymore and certainly not worth this much drama.
Shannon you know he was 8 catches away from $300k. You know they hold you back because they can and they have the media in their palm. He could have handled the situation different indeed but if you tell a player he's done as a player during the game because he called out what he observed you doing as the head coach what do you the public expect?
he should release the mri
Both Shannon and Skip's incite on this subject were on point!
I call B's on AB
So what
🤔
????????
Cut it out unk he's hurt just let him get healthy it's a business decision
Unfortunately when you already got in trouble for lying, have a bad track record that goes back to when you were a kid, and have the biggest tantrum in football history you are gonna be seen as the boy who cried Wolf. Parts of the story are always gonna be questioned.
Unc is 100%right on the whole exit fiasco. Bruh just walk to the locker room dont take off you pads throw it on the bench,take your shirt and gloves of and throw it to the fans and then run off the tunnel.If want BA and the Bucs did and say are true then also should share blame and come out with a statement or something.
Antonio Brown can’t be stopped on the field or in the booth 🔥
One of the few times I completely disagree with Shannon
Wow Shannon is so much better than Stephen a smith
Why didn't Shannon say anything about Dan Reeves dying?
Shannon, I feel disappointed on this one, bro.  If someone tells me to get out of here.
The next time AB handles a situation correctly will be the first time.
I Love you Uncle Shannon but to only focus on the aftermath is you not liking him personally. If this were Julio or another wide out his opinion would not be what It is. You cannot excuse the accusations. You can't do what Arians is accused of doing. Player safetyyyyyy remember? If he said he is hurt then to fire him for not performing is absurd.
It's foolish for a man to answer a matter before he heareth it. THE BIBLE
Meat on a hoof…
I hate what Shannon Sharpe has become. Smh.
The biggest question is: Is there anything that skip has seen before?
AB actually has a lot of compelling points. It’s just he unfortunately is a trouble maker around the league. Really wish he would grow up
Thank you Shannon for bringing actual football perspective to the news for these nerds who think they're sports scientists that never played a down of football in their lives. No excuse for the exit, but let's not excuse BA and the Bucs. I hope everybody gets exposed.
Salutes
AB is right
Lol. Shout out to AB for letting his nuts hang on the organization. AB is our Malcom X💀💀💀💀.
He still exposed the coach the coach should of told Tom Brady first
Antonio still cause all of this on himself.  It’s quite sad because he’s really great on the field.  UPDATE: The Buccaneers have fully terminated his contract after his statement.
Both are in the wrong, you shouldn't leave like that. But at the same time they were forcing you to play when you knew you couldn't. So now it's just who's side are you on 😂.
His career is over bro🥇🔥😆
I’m with AB 🤷‍♂️
If you look at BA and flip it, then it becomes AB. So BA is ABs evil twin ooorrr AB is BAs evil twin. Mind and load BLOWN AF
One word about AB. "*SOFT*". 👈.  😁
He's just a messss
First
Shannon don’t like ab 😂😂😂
AB is a 🤡
Yes
Finally
Listen to Out of Character: http://sprtspod.fox/OOC
