I did play this game it was fun but I didn't know it failed
That is so crazy! My acestors were... the romanian term for g**sy... i can do it and then... terrifyingly.. even forward
0:30
seared into my memory is being at a sleepover and someone in the apartment below was playing one of the games that use the bongos into the early hours of the morning and just not being able to fall asleep because it was so loud lol
Okay so how are we power scaling Scott?
I don’t even know how Scott had come up with a way for dk barrel blast to be linked to sex
17:51 jesus christ Scott what was that voice crack
17:59 Bonkey Kong
I remember when I got this game as a kid. It was so trash I broke the CD in half just so I could not play this game ever again.
My dad says he doesn’t know what the hell Donkey Kong barrel blast is, am I adopted?
"An excuse to ogle a monkey. Just go to the zoo!"  That's my favorite line.
Huh Losers :D
The end was BEAUTIFUL
Donkey Kong Jr.        He f**ked?
He recorded on crash bandicoots pants
I bought this game because Lanky  Kong was back. I didn’t like this game because Chunky Kong was not back.
R.I.P. Gerald Ford 😢
R.I.P. Breakout, you will be missed.
16:44 I watched this 50 times. Wtf is wrong with me?
Worst game
My favorite part was the moment he finally gave in and Konged his Donkey.
H
I put this on for background noise and wtf is this video even about
35:43 Hey, if Candy's offerin'
I like "たるジェットレース" since it's just the two other names fused. 🙂
Step 1: Microsoft buys Rare Step 2: The rapture  Step 3: DK Bananza   ...Eh worth it
So hes Abstinent?
20 minute intro...
17:09 - 17:12 what a line💀💀
9:46 Scott says Diddy Kong racing was the better donkey Kong spinoff but donkey konga was the better donkey Kong spinoff
6:05 Krunch is a kremling so wrong
gorilla nest
lmoòoob
I 100% this game as a kid. And I just kept thinking it must get better.  No, this game can only be described as better than sitting and staring at the wall.
3:36
that intro is just DK Bananza's opening
24:12
I'm now noticing the adr that's in the episode
I can't tell if Scott is around 25 or 35
31:23 I’m just reading her shirt I swear
0:32 hihat sample
20:45 this gag fucking SENT me
Scott you are a national treasure
Fun drinking game: take a shot every time scott says donkey kong
What in the world did I just watch
Why does the a on his shirt change shape between shots
As a donkey kong barrell blast player. I wouldnt have been surprised
I want this game to be reviewed at Just bad games.
Where would I be without him?
Just got over my crippling fear of people talking negatively about my favorite nintendo character kludge! Cant wait to watch this video!
Ultra-Barrel DK is _literally_ this game's version of an unlockable Super Sonic
13:23
The first ten seconds of the video made me realize something.  Scott predicted Donkey Kong Bananza, 3 years in advance.
Jesus Scott please get laid already so the cringe virgin jokes stop
Oh god, this came out three years ago. Anyone else feel old?
I don't get the joke
16:46 OH YEAH!
I woke up in the middle of the night to the opening of of this video and I’m dying laughing
Wtf that intro was even weirder than usual
My dad bought me this game when I turned 21
I didn’t expect Scott to drop his feelings on how everyone expresses themselves in the anti-gex video
16:18 this feels like the ending lines to a manifesto
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast is to the Scott the Woz universe what the Easter Bunny is to the Rick and Morty universe
The Ending of this video is something.
Man, might be lucky for not getting any of these, since I usually get mac n cheese with fries (fire combo imo)
Crazy this was 3 years ago.... Times a bitch
Poor Dk ended up going back leaving the old rare design not sure if it was a good idea  Since his Kart world redebut only gave him one costume so they can sell you his new origin story with new costumes.
Drake could come back from this but he needs to jump genres like MGK and rebrand as a country singer or something 😂😂😂
6:11 Bro that’s too far
Making a game based on a specific kind of controller only to move it to a different console and make it incompatible with said controller even when the new console is compatible with the controller is a whole other level of braindead
3:18 it sounded like one of those groan tube toys when he said "regardless"
🌹🎓
27:19 qwaks
This is the greatest video ever created in human history.
The leading theory for why Nintendo didn't buy Rare is because of Conker the Squirrel. After bad fur day released and Conker was solidified as a 18+ character Nintedo had to pull Diddy Kong Racing from the market, which was one of the best selling games on the consoles. The fact they were immediately working on a sequel didn't sit well with them either. So after that huge slip up, they pulled the plug.
I love how birth rates are going down, this is cannon
9:38 Progressive Mode????? Donkey Konga was woke all along🤯🤯🤯
I never want to hear the words "Donkey Kong" again.
I need Donkey Kong Barrel Blast World
Your right this does me want sex
The only thing I recognize Paon from is being one of the logos when you boot up Klonoa on the Wii, what the fuck
He's talking about Donkey Kong and he's in a cave/mine? Interesting
Why is this video so horny 😳 lol
ME TODAY
37:00 how can I listen to this its gas
6:10 SHUT UP! WE GOT OUR BUDDY CONKER IN THAT GAME! (Also why was conker shown and not mentioned)
Am I alone in never seeing this game in person? I never had a friend who owned it and through years of visiting GameStops, Walmarts, 2nd hand stores, etc. I never saw it
I know I’ve seen this video a couple times before but…I don’t think I still understand.  Why have people related this game to sex?
Anyone notice how Will & Jaden talk the same? Will gets away with it because its backed by experience and not as pretentious.
The jokes in this video are going over my head. I need to watch again after I try not having sex
i just finished watching a scott video and this came out
I played it before one of the worst games
People hate Aliens Colonial Marines? I just randomly got it at a comic book store since I like the Alien series (most of the movies, at least) and when I sucked at it I assumed it was because of my lack of fps skill. Huh.
Scott you should collab with this really great youtuber called demeech
This is lowkey one of the best fking videos of youtube and its a barrel blast video
54:32 is my favourite part
Clapping these barrels taught me how to clap cheeks. Get it....? Sorry
Rewatching this, I think Scott is the LAST person anyone would suspect to throw in a joke about "epididymal hypertension," but that's exactly the kind of clever writing you know Scott can pull.
Barrel Blast came out around the same time as Pokémon Diamond and Pearl, and DP may have had Cynthia, but BB got us all laid. That's right. Kludge is a better waifu than...    Oh God what am I saying?! I can't even finish that sentence!
Rex: Do you know what that things capable of?! It’s a ticking time bomb of testosterone!! Scott: Hey, I’m taking precautions. *sprays raid on his crotch*
Did what Scott? Did you f*** it up? Or did you f*** it up?!
I just realized, Donkey Kong barrel blast came out 9 months before my birthday. I need to have a talk with my parents
20:13 SCOTT SMASH!!!!
Is it weird i still wanna see the course Cosmic Highway in a Mario  Kart game? Bc it’s same universe stuff and a DK course too boot.
Anyone see the dk country returns hd announcement? I was given this video immediately after seeing it. Must be fate to never buy it
it's funny how they turned barrel blast/virginity into an allegory for (among other things) religion
16:43 IMPRACTICAL 🤣
hes him
Incel: mean scott: cool
"This game ruined my family and then gave me more of them" has to be one of the best jokes here. Love the way he says it.
I got DK Country Returns as a gift, and I legit can’t stop playing is
What parents really mean by "Birds & Bees":
God I love the economy!
30:11 okay real talk WHY HASN'T A SELECTION CUPS ARNT A THING IN MARIO KART i feel like mario kart 8 would've been perfect for that you could make bowser theme cup a wii cup a city cup hell there were 4 rainbow roads in 8 deluxe thanks to the booster course pass
3:00
30:46-30:50 Zaid Magenta, now known as Diaz Station, in a nutshell.
love how i got a trojan ad before this - even with adblocker it glitched lol
6:10 scott!? Did you just take the cartridge out before turning off the console?? Can't believe i didn't notice that before lol
I want to write an essay on the levels of allegory and symbolism in this episode. I don’t think my school would like that, though.
Donkey Kong's babyface turn starting with Country did wonders for his career.  His aura as a heel was ruined after we caught him in 0.4k doing math with his son like a good father, and spraying cans of Raid up some poor guy's asshole was just sus. He needed a new gimmick bad.
26:00, The Burnout series (at least Revenge) does that too and it's awesome in that game.
17:55, The title in Japanese is Donkey Kong: (Taru) Jet Race or Donkii Kongu: Taru Jetto Resu. A googling says that Taru means Barrel, so it's Donkey Kong: Barrel Jet Race so basically the same as the EU title.
I can understate how much funnier and how much I wish it was Billy Herrington busting through that door.
I had both DS games. Unlike most people Diddy Kong Racing DS is why my shoulder button broke. I never owned Mario Kart.
6:28 Oh hey, Scott probably had a girlfriend at this point. neat.
This made me laugh 16:43
Fun fact: Hey!Pikmin is made by the same people who made Balan Wonderland
...is this an allegory for asexuality
Anyone watching this in 2018
I LOVE BARREL BLAST I LITERALLY DONT CARE WHAT ANYONE SAYS I FUCKING LOVE BARREL BLAST
The bit where you kept messaging your dad for info on DK is absolutely gold
Took me two years to realize this is nintendo’s version of sonic riders… damn
4:30  i feel like that statement couldve applied to the Country games. . .    But DKC3 is actually my favorite of the Rare DKCs.
Guys, don't let Scott lie to you. His channel is actually a RARE product reworked.
Scott the type of guy to use a cup and pour it in a girl to have kids.
5:02 I'll take chocolate
Oh here I am For the 6th/7th time
Diddy Kong Wasnt his sidekick, it's DK's Nephew
32:42 love this bit.
why does the end go unbelievably hard i literally got chills
This could of been the Scott the Woz finale.
For 2007 years?... Why?
This game is epic when you do know all the combo spots   also you can literally jump over quawks and becky beak they're useless
Digger T Rock fan here
9:04  Step One: Create a Popeye inspired arcade game in 1981.  Step Two: Donkey Konga  Step Three: Finally win her over.
LOOK AT ME, I'M DONKEY KONG
Reported For Sexual Content
I love how Scott made a entire story about [s##] all for a funny monkey racing game.
Oh, there he is
DK Jungle Beat is the best DK game imo
20:12 cracked me like that table.
Lore
I genuinely had no idea Diddy Kong Racing had a DS remake. I've literally never heard any other person mention it before now.
As someone who can read Japanese I think its funny that this game was called Barrel Blast in NA and Jet Race in Europe The Japanese title is 'Donkey Kong Barrel Jet Race' (taru jetto reisu) meaning it contains elements of both
32:42 . 0:29
Weird how this video was focused more on sex🤣
12:30
20:12 to 20:14 is my reaction. Why on earth would Nintendo make a game where it could’ve used the bongo controller, yet chose to stick to the basic as hell Wiimote and nunchucks. That’s like saying we’re making a new Sonic game, but with motion controls-, oh wait.
This video cured my lost virginity 10/10
15:28 what dose ROC mean?
I like how Scott gives a monologue about intercourse and its societal standing, controversy, and whatnot, but using Barrel Blast as a stand in.
I can’t believe losing virginity is 364 days younger then me
Paon is also the creator of Chu Chu Land.
Scoatt the Woah
The Scarlet Letter reference is so much funnier now that I know the joke
Europe probably hates alliteration.
How was this already 2 years ago 😭
My favorite part is when Rex breaks the door down and then you see it perfectly normal again in the next shot. How?
Okay, what's with this forced, sexual plotline that has nothing to do with Barrel Blast? It's weird, and I feel like there's something I'm not getting.
Why no Kremling representation in the courses? And could they not have included locales from DKC2&3? Or 64? Why are all the courses except the space one from DKC1's DK Island? And not even all of those 'cause there's no factory track. It would've been a lot better if we could've been racing inside pirate ships and K. Rool's Keep and DKC3's dock and sewer stages.
What I love about this video is donkey king barrel blast causing people to fuck was a running joke before this video came out, and this video doesn’t even try to explain where it came from, no one knows wow to this day
That's a really solid scarlet letter reference lol
12:31 was the most genuine reaction i have ever seen
This entire video is just an allegory for Scott criticizing sex.
This video went harder than it needed to
8:45 Tell me when  Never, Scott! Drown me in wine! Oh, I apologize in advance. What you're about to see here 17:46 will not be pretty. And if you have young children, this would be a good time for them to leave the room.
Thank you being so kind all mighty loving God help me and these people to better understand you amen
I really like Barrel Blast, I thought other did as well
First main channel scott video I've watched  What the fuck is the skit plot???
1:54 Kirby Star Allies is 10x better than every other game in that pile COMBINED
Holy sh1t, in about 2 weeks break in turns 2
9:11-9:13: Why does Donkey Kong look like he’s dabbing?
20:13 I laughed way harder than I needed to
I mistook the intro music for Iron Man 3 for a second Also I did not realize that this was so new until the end cards
I just realized there are no women in this universe
15:22 Katakana reads: Taru Jetto Reesu
31:22 😂😂
I love how that final fight, the music transitions from Break Out to Break In. It was sort of a passing of the torch. Idk how I didn't notice that, but it is so cool
I'd rather be out not having sex.
12:32 inbreeding be like:
thanks for teaching me the scientifically accurate term for blue balls mr. scott wozniak i can't help but feel that you teach me something new everyday!!!!
With great power comes great virginity 🗣🗣💯💯🔥🔥
Look at me, I’m Donkey Kong 😁😁
12:18
This game is amazing if you are an 8 year old playing it like I was
JUSTICE FOR KLUBBA
9:52
I love that bitterness over Nintendo's handling of Chibi-Robo is a recurring theme in your videos...me too, Scott. Me too.
Microsoft/xbox is garbage.
Scott is the Asexual Godfather.
3:35 me playing octodad
i loved this game so much. i was just a kid and couldn't see how good or bad it was i was just having a whole bunch of fun
11:33 CANDYS TITS ARE OUT
36:46 missed opportunity to have a shot of rex swapping the same A behind his back implying that he still thinks Jeb is a creep 😂
17:46 Honey, the wii remote strap and nunchuck stay on during sex
Lol he looks like a Navalny younger brother lol, also Rare made one of best fighters ever Killer Instinct available in 1995 only on Nintendo Ultra 64!
Best coming out Asexual video ever
38:12 XD
they all spitting straight facts
Ultra Barrel Donkey Kong is Super Sonic in Sonic R all over again.
Wait till Scott's feature length coverage of DONKY KONGA. 🍌
god these videos are so incredible
11:21 Why did Scott turn into Arlo?
What i love about donkey konga 3 is that baka survivor is a featured song
Wasnt different item boxes for different characters a thing in the mario kart arcade game.
No support for the kongas 😢like what
21:45 me realising that the physics of those barrels make no sense, would you not rotate around the barrel producing the least thrust? Thus meaning that if you want to turn right hit the left bongo and if you wanna turn left hit the right bongo? Personally… this just makes it slightly worse for me, that is the VERY LEAST they could have done
Is it cringe that I unironically use the phrase “playing Donkey Kong Barrel Blast” as a euphemism for having sex.
Does anyone actually believe that he didn't f***?
I played barrel blast and when my ass stops hurting I’ll play it again
3:35-3:38 my reaction to the new Despicable Me 4 trailer.
32:42 is me whenever I lose in either Mario Kart 8 Deluxe, or Super Smash Bros. Ultimate...
Lol
4:26 Aged Rather Well
Isnt it funny that i was born almost exactly 9 months after barrel blast released
32:42 Scott the Woz if it was directed by Viziepop
14:08 I don’t get it
As a fan of the earl franchise earl racing is one of the best part of the earl franchise
Say what you will about barrel blast, it gave us the first playable appearance of FUNKY KONG
I wholly expected them to kiss or something at the end
The real horror of barrel blast is the fact Funky Kong's first racing game was... That.
I am so fucking blasted right now scott you are my beacon of hope
The Donkey Kong you play as in Donkey Kong Country is not the Donkey Kong from the arcade games as that Donkey Kong is Cranky Kong. The Donkey Kong you play as in the Country games is his grandson.
"Trust issues: the first step to not getting laid" Wow, dark
No sex? What are you guys? Some kind of a death cult?
no wonder I was born
taking virginity into 2024 💪🏻
"you could tell it from all the sequels it got" daaamn that was mean man lol massive burn on diddy kong racing 😂
13:33  What was the original line there?
Worse than Balan Wonderworld and Aliens: Colonial Marines?  No...those have lower scores.  You showed them!
3:36 uhhhh yes?😂😂
24:34 😭❤️
33:13 YOU GOT AN ULTRA BARREL DK
16:45 oh, there he is
I’m so glad that I’m a Sony fanboy
Damn Scott got the Barrel Blast Curse
35:59 Me during NNN
"WITH GREAT POWER! COMES GREAT VIRGINITY! I CAN RESTORE CHASITY TO THIS LAND! I CAN BEAT BARREL BLAST WITHOUT HAVING SEX!"  *breaks door*  "Impractical"
29:23
"Worse than Balan Wonderworld, Aliens Colonial Marines."  Proceeds to show both of those games having lower critic scores than BB.
Wustersher? 😯
I actually owned this.  I’m single.
i love how the message for this was just "go fuck i dont care"
32:42
12:31
Cringe video
imagine watching this in public
gotta love that my birthday was the day people started losing their virginity
I watched the videos out of order. Now I understand why Scott was bruised and bandaged in that other one. And future watchings will be richer because of this experience.
11:55
0:29 ( 0:30 )
Scott why did you 100% all the challenges and everything for this video. Nobody would have questioned you giving up.   Are you okay?
That moment when you vividly remember watching a video the day it came out only to realize it has been an entire year since then...
33:12 11:20
29:50 This is the same problem that Ape Escape: Piposaru Racer has, where they have 4 distinct themes and developer made 12 courses out of them.
Imagine a bad ending where Scott is overtaken by barrel blast and becomes a sigma chad sex-haver.  "Sup bitches, SCOTT HERE! Today we're gonna have sexy SEX!"
I truly did not expect a review of Donkey Kong Barrel Blast to be an insightful commentary on sex positivity and asexuality and sexuality but I should come to expect these things from Scott
"Society may have lost its virginity, but I'm here to find it" has no right to be so badass of a line in a video about DONKEY KONG.
0:51 Right when Scott says "lost" you can see a silhouette of a Madden 08 box appear.
Bro that intro was goofy as fuck
The cave in the beginning looks more like a burnt pizza than rocks
I never thought how weird this video really is
0:28 watch out scott Your inner avgn is showing
16:05 that one day he didn’t have to not have sex
13:10 “worse than ‘balan wonderworld’” the -2 score difference: “am i a joke to u?”
7:43 star fox gamecube: am i a joke to u?
iam calledzelda in schol ecause of kancso pal from trefort whyyyyyyyy
Actually i think played this once that's why i got big feet big dick big balls
So is Scott character asexual
So THATS what I’ve been doing wrong! I haven’t played BARREL BLAST-
I clicked on a video about barrel blasts and got a goddamn life lesson
19:08 for anyone wondering “epididymal hypertension” is the scientific term for blue balls
Better name for Diddy cong racing  to rare racing
hey do you know that game software that was cancelled and never saw the light of day well  hi my name is earl (god i hope someone else gets this)
scott proving that we can all live our lives the way we want to using a Nintendo game is crazy
where can i buy that worlds best virgin mug?????????????????
24:53 i see Scott repaired his desk from the Bargain bin Christmas episode -the ceo of 💀💀
Yooooo I had been trying to remember the name of the game I played as a kid on N64 just to see it in a flash. It was Jet Force Gemini.
The first time I ever played donkey Kong 3 was at an arcade that been around since the 80s and I got the highest score on my first attemt
19:01 KILLED ME 🤣
Aight but why did Rex calling Jeb a friend actually make me emotional
30:41 why the hell is Rex's mouth edited on? Did Scott forget to have him read the lines or something???
I didn’t know you had a boyfriend, did I hear that right? And I hate bad words so thank you for censoring them
23:57 a worse fate than failing was created by this game, valefisk should use this sometime.
0:28 I’m really curious what this line sounds like uncensored.
I gotta say the music for this game slaps yo
WHY DOES THIS PROPEL VIRGINITY
It’s impressive that it takes 18 minutes to get to actual gameplay and everything before is just as good
20:04  This might be my favourite Scott the Woz clip ever-
this is the most epic episode.
good vid
I like the fact that Rex's reaction to the sight of Barrel Blast confirms that the game's virginity-repelling qualities aren't just Scott's own personal delusions, they're a well-known fact of life in the Wozverse. Yet it appears Fling Smash's self-lubrication is exclusive to Scott's own experiences, otherwise why would Kay Swiss have been caught off-guard by his Fling Smash stack being wet?
I appreciate this episode the most, Scott's trying different joke ideas, punchlines and even narrative formats for this video and it totally pays off. It's surprisingly high quality for such an out there seemingly generic video, but I love the door this episode opens for scott the woz content. It's really ironic that his most experimental video happens to take place in the most experimental nintendo franchise, but that might've been the point
If you're a virgin, then who's the chad?
What are you planing for step 3
7:20 Or they just didn’t buy them out of respect. They have shown time and again they respect the work relationships between other studios by giving them more freedom. Hell, they didn’t buy the studio responsible for Super Mario Bros. until 30 years later for that same reason most likely.
30:48 Just to go back to when Im sad
1:34 That is such a badass line.
Did he just canonically beat up a giant demon?
I don’t see any appreciation for 4:32, how long did this 1 second take to make
33:14 Never expected Scott to scream like that
Is nobody gonna address how the ad for DK King of Swing features a jaded tween playing video games with the tagline "WHO ARE YOU?" written over his head? It's like the voice of his subconscious is gonna sell the game.
did you say kirby star allies is a bad game?
May 22 says betray the alliance
“2006 gave us Chibi-Robo, Odama, Baten Kaitos Origins.” “And the death of Gerald Ford.” 💀
At least there was Crocker and banjo in Diddy Kong racing
scott is the asexual representation we all needed
At 18:10 where are the cables connect the Wii to an outlet?
i wanna see a compilation of every time scott has said donkey kong
scott is the type of guy to make a 40 minute innuendo so he can get angry at something
Sonic 06.... Play it.
Only Scott could make a 38 minute review of a game, only to spin it into a criticism of those who force abstinence upon others. This, this is genius.
30:41 I don't know why, but his mouth looks kind of like they edited it in.
I played dk barrel blast once.   Let's just say my spine hasn't recovered.
This is great
30:57
This video is about asexual acceptance
Huh I guess sex was released on my bday june 28th
This was the best Scott the Woz video ever. I laughed the entire video.
29:31 I respect this man not for playing the game, but for having a virtual boy.
Joke aside if I feel like many people who played this game with the soul purpose of getting laid the probably got disappointed
Just about the dumbest video I've ever seen.
If I wanted to ogole a monkey I'd go to a low income neighborhood that or planet Vegeta
I never played Barrel Blast
Scrott
Just realized the custom mug forwshadowing joke
scott are you asexual?
I find it hilarious you used fucking donkey kong barrel blast as an allegory for sex culture
I feel honoured to share a birthday with Donkey Kong Barrel Blast  Edit: i now have 20 wives
the most vivziepop inspired scott the woz episode (sex jokes galore)
Nintendo should've bought rare. Then maybe donkey kong barrel blast wouldn't have existed
There's only one way to describe this game.           Kludge
This video makes me proud to be asexual
What a waste of an ape!
can't believe it's been one year since the launch of the first episode of 2022... will scott's returned once again of a wii u episode in 2023? next time
38:16
The stop motion in Scott’s videos is always so good looking
27:44 HE PRONOUNCE IT DECENTLY!
12:51 it starts if you want more detail 18:34  if you want to see gameplay
The perfect gift from your aunt to piss off your mother would be donkey kongo 😂😂😂😂
“These are all just a bunch of build-a-bears” 😂😂😂😂😂😂 fucking killed me
Never did I expect someone would use a mid Donkey Kong game as a metaphor for voluntary abstinence.  But if anyone was to do that? Yeah. Yeah Scott sounds like the kind of guy to do that.
There’s a woman out there that has the chance to do the funniest thing rn
This is my favourite video I’ve watched it so many times I can hear it playing in my head uncalled for
16:44
The ending of this is the greatest use of an anti-climax and all of media
I like donkey Kong 3
DK Barrel Blast tracks remind me how Podracer was.
Gamecube didnt flop much, it had good titles
30:58 The twitter blue badge in a nutshell.
King of swing is a TERRIFIC game
This would be such a good coming out as not-a-virgin video
why did i make so many damn comments about tf2 on scot's youtube videos?  37:30
Why am I still a Nintendo Fanboy, their entire history is just made out of stupid decisions.
I only just realized how much Scott put effort into typography with those fake logos lol. Nice subtle detail.
At 1:30 the “sex monster” is radiating the diagram for the chemical structure of Estradiol, the hormone that makes you horny. Holy shit.
Let's give Scotts dad a round of applause. Where would Scott be without him?
Nice that Scott got a mug recognizing his efforts at the end.
38:14 he did it
Angry scott is best scott❤
The video was entertaining, but I really don't think the game is bad. It is flawed, the controls are unituitive and tiring, but I don't think they're that bad. Also the game as is wouldn't work with the bongos because there's too many actions. Going left, right, and jumping would take up all but clapping on the bongos, which leaves only 1 action left, you can't fit punching, using an item, and wild moves on clapping. The wild moves is what I think really elevates the game, and I think that should be the basis for another Donkey Kong racing game (unless they go the Diddy Kong Racing route). It fits DK so well, it's like how rolling worked in the SNES DKC games, ramming into barrels and other racers to reset your boost, like in DKC where rolling into enemies extended your roll is a great mechanic. The game is pretty flawed, aside from the controls, the tracks aren't too interesting and repeat themes, and I think that's the bigger issue. With better tracks and controls this could have been an excellent racing game. I used to hate the game when it first came out, but like a couple years ago I gave it another shot and ended up really liking a lot about it, even with it's flaws. Also the soundtrack is fantastic.
Goldeneye fucking sucks. IDK why people still hold it up as some amazing game besides rose colored nostalgia glasses. Any competent FPS let’s players move _and_ aim at the same time. Don’t even begin to talk about how absolute diarrhea the N64 controller is.
I only know the first and third Donkey Kong 3 as seen right here 4:31
Well I am a minor so before this several people were arrested
37:25 - 38:15 should be intro on your all videos
WATCH OUT MOTHERFUCKERS, I HAVE QUAX
0:23
I got in trouble for touching someone's bongos
Ahhh let's admit... The Wii controllers sucks!!!!! For the love of.... But yeah bangos go bang bang
Yeah... At least it was a nice work out loll my arms were dead
12:49
I was born in May 2007 which means I was conceived before barrel  Blast came out, so how was I born we may never know
❗️My Timestamps:  8:35 "Yeah, sure, we can still be friends. You'll just hear me and my new boyfriend f🤬ck all the time."  12:59 "Why don't you ever hear anybody talk about this Game? Because everybody who has played it is too busy f🤬cking their wife."  13:24 *Scott, as a Games Reviewer, trips and publishes DK:BB low score* 😂😂😂  17:34 *Scott uses his left hand for a right-handed handshake*  38:17 *New Outro Music*
When Scott gets a kid of his own he can finally claim he beat Barrel Blast 100%
"With great power, comes great virginity." -Scott the Woz 2022
I actually really loved this game lol but I won't claim it's objectively good
What happened on May 22, 2022, Scott?
scotdogggg
I have a copy of this game that every time I tried to play it just turns my wii off
I can't believe how similar DK Barrel Blast is to Sonic R
I don't get why he chosse dk barrel blast as the sex curse is this like in inside joke I don't get or just because asking out of complete curiosity.
now that it's been 9 months, that means that it is possible that a baby being born today was conceived to this video
Hey man, you can’t say the DK Bongos have no other use! Plenty of people beat Dark Souls with those!
donkey kong barrel blast reminds me of my father
Dear Scott:  I have a Wii and my girl has been playing Barrel Blast. She now has traumatized me because she wants sex. but I'm a dedicated virgin. What should I do?
Diddy Kong Racing was so cheated. I like it more than I like Mario Kart and I would have loved for Diddy Kong Pilot to be released.
30:57 I’m deceased
17:34 Not to be weird but. This episode definitely spawned fan fiction, didn’t it?
NEXT EPISODE: SCOTT FINALLY DEEP DIVE INTO THE LORE OF FLINGSMASH
0:27 why am I getting strong AVGN vibes?
scott has f##### his wife 300 times with diddy and donkey kong watching
17:15 I Love Scott's since of Comedy, It's PEAK
I didn't realise  about the top speed.. So when I used to play this title  I just shook them  the whole race. Cheap gym membership I guess
16:44 rex destroys the door and then fixes it
Be better if samba de amigo was the game. Also this should be called DK on the edge
This man is a true hero😭😭😭😭
aaah Jungle fever for the DS. a game that rely *heavily on the L-R buttons. On the DS, the consoles where the L-R buttons were the most likely to malfunctions.
I don't know why, but Scott using Earl as his generic name of choice is funny to me
Is this episode a trans allegory?
17:38 yep and we're about to film our first sex tape
oh dear heavens!
29:24 is a slept-on gem of a joke i stg
If you can not defeat the monke you must become the monke
Donkey Kong Jungle Beat is a WAY better game than you might expect
"I prefer the term felon!" I love the goofy little one liners. (just recently started to really enjoy your channel. thanks!)
The Waffle House has found its new host
za warudo is over
17:55 holy shit, the Japanese name is Jet Race
10:19 "A bongos bitch!" 😂😂😂
I honestly think that [20:00] might be one of the best-executed jokes in Scott the Woz history. Exactly 20 minutes of buildup, for the perfect punchline.
the real donkey kong barrel blast was the friends we made along the way
When Mario kart runs out of retro tracks they start remaking tracks from dk barrel blast
The ending skit was absolutely amazing. I get chills rewatching it.
I never thought I would be invested for a 38 minute donkey Kong video explained by Scott but I’ll allow it
holy fuck scott the woz  WII[U]
9:27
i just now realized scott took an entire door out of the door frame just for a 2 second shot of Rex blasting thru a fake door. then it appears again in the next shot.
DON-KEE KON-GA 9:01
This is an unpopular opinion, it might be because I grew up with it, but DK Jungle Climber is the most underrated game ever. It isn't exactly Donkey Kong Country, but I think it stands head and shoulders above some of the other entries in the franchise.
It's so apropos that you can see Scott's peach fuzz in the beginning of the video.
18:02 That looked weird
38:15 that's when a part of Scott Wozniak officially died.
6:25 why was this article updated a decade after it was released?
In the og dk, you are playing as an ape, just a very evolved one! 😮
15:00 ah yes my favorite franchise. Not Donkey Kong Barrel Blast
14:33 this feels like those Grover Cleveland, Woodrow Wilson, and Warren G. Harding jokes in some of Scott's other videos
near the end I thought this was some analogy for the LGBTQ community but then I realized "Oh, it's just Scott being Scott."
I wonder whether asexual people feel slightly offended or slightly empowered by Scott's anti-boning ravings
Oooo, new outro!
Scott gives me Peter Parker vibes
Ultra barrel DK Reminds me of super sonic from Sonic R
All virginity points have been lost
Yay, virginity is restored and the curse lifted!
I feel genuinely betrayed that the DK bongos are not actually compatible with Barrel Blast. I always thought they were. My life is a lie. Nintendo has failed as a corporation. They will never recover from this.
38:12 had me so hard because of how unexpected it was
"i did it"
Having 40 copies of donkey Kong: ||barrel blast|| has to be foreshadowing some kind of weapon that uses them as ammunition
"I wanna play as an ape, I wanna play as an ape, I wanna play as an ape, F*******" -3:00
Candy Kong is sexy as fuck, don't complain
For some reason, my local library had a copy of Donkey Kong Jungle Beat. I remember an unpleasant afternoon where I spent three hours next to a younger boy who was playing them the entire time. He wouldn't wear headphones, either.  On that day, video games went from "okay" in my young mind to "the worst thing", and it took years for me to even vaguely respect them again.
My new pickup line 'he wane help me 100% dk barrle blast?'
17:49 *🅱️onkey 🅱️ong: 🅱️arrel 🅱️last!*
"The Pause That Frame Times" at 7:30 I just can't with this guyXD
I just realized it's Donkey Kong 3's fault we don't have a HL3.
I love Scott's Smile at 30:57 It's so adorable 😂😂
"With great power comes great virginity"  Beautiful
Y
I used to play a ton of DK King of Swings on my original DS model, when I beat it as Donky Kong as the first time I was so hyped that I could play as Diddy Kong. For awhile I honestly thought that was all Donky Kong was.
i think if they you can still use the dk bongos, the game would be a lot more enjoyable
I am so glad I waited a few months before watching this. My Grandpa died a few days ago, and I`ve been really down since then.  But now i decided it would be the perfect time to watch some Scott since these Videos always make me smile. At about 37:20 when the speech hits its peak and the Barrel Blast Completion Montage started playing I almost started crying. A wonderful arrangement of stupidity and pure hype. This Montage gave me teary eyes and I am proud, dammit.  The sadness of course is not over yet, but this Video really cheered me up. Thanks for everything Scott ! You are the best !
I would buy that coustom mug
“Damn, is that a monkey with sunglasses?” Is a line I never thought I’d hear today
Haha ha wow I can’t believe watching a video could give you cancer but, here I am 😃👍
Overpopulation is a myth my guy.
Scott…. do you really own Barrel Blast for all regions? You f***ing legend.
What a crazy postgame
16:44
20:12 Well that's a heartbreaker  😄😄
8:56 "If you had the keys to this kingdom, you wouldn't either." 😂😂
This is the weirdest asexual coming out video I’ve ever seen
32:45 lol
At least this game has one good thing and thats lanky kong
Thanks to Scott we may now sleep without a walk of shame
"With great power, comer great virginity." best line
This vid reminds me a ton of another one about the etiquette involving giving someone tea. You shouldn't force someone to drink tea just because you went through the trouble of making it for them, and while some people really love tea and drink it all the time, other people can't stand it, and both are completely fine. Similarly, Donkey Kong Barrel Blast just isn't for everyone
31:23 "Just go to the ZOO!" 😂😂
I've just started watching a few of your videos and the over the top ending was what sold me. You just got a new subscriber
And that my friends is how Asexuality was born.
8:54 personal timestamp
Who are Kip and Kass?
1:35-1:45 might be the best script writing in all of human history
is this Scott coming out as asexual
32:42 New favorite Scott The Woz scene
Man this is a weird af episode.
The challenge section is seriously the best part of the video lmao, watched it 4 times and kept laughing. Especially the last challenge, I love the family guy like humor of constantly swearing in a situation and the bleep adds an extra layer of nostalgia for me lmao
When you relize that cranky kong was the og donkey kong.
this is a really good social commentary on sex culture  -barack obama 17th president of the united states of america
From what I've seen the bongos are even "inverted". If you need to punch a bongo to make it accelerate, then punching the left bongo would turn the player right. From the animation and what I can see here, the opposite happens. So that's bullshit as well and just a mere excuse for making it more "accessible".
30:57
9:05 Step 3 is finally win her over
tbh donkey kong barrel blast should of been a meme for the channel that kept being mentioned or shown up in videos but scott never reviews it like RLM with nukie
This is one of my favourite videos from you, Scott. Not only are there tons of jokes that hit, not only is it covering an extremely niche game, not only do you give a fair perspective on it, but the speech at the end affirming that it's okay to do your fucking thing with regards to sex as long as it's safe and consensual, including being ace or just not having had sex yet, is on the level of the "Man-Emperor of Mankind" speech from Emperor TTS in terms of something fairly silly that's also legitimately well-written and provides a thought-out and ultimately true perspective (ofc Man-Emperor of Mankind is in-universe rather than for irl but).
I just got the joke on why donkey Kong BARREL BLAST repels virginity
scott really girlbossed his way through this! so proud of him
Don’t worry Scott I also failed my first driving test, apparently throwing turtle shells is “not safe” and “incredibly stupid”…        Still doing it tho
Just look at all the GameCube classics Rare made.
I get it Anti-climax Anti-sex
I like dk3
GRRRRR scott did not appreachiate jungle climber properly 😡😡😡😡🤬🤬🤬
happy 15 years of barrel blast in north america
I'm so sad the ending with Breakout is gone I unsubscribed, took me a while to finally make the decision. Thanks for all the fun and awesome videos!
Scott the Woz said Ace Rights
20:00 as a narcoleptic I don’t get the joke, but as a frequent viewer of this channel I’ve kinda just accepted that there might not even be a logical reason behind this line and it’s just for laughs
Donkey Kong wasn’t plagiarized because King Kong was already in the public Domain.
Did I just watch an incel manifesto?
Hearing it didn't have an option to use the bongos evaporated the interest I had in this game
In this episode Scott the Woz becomes Vergil from Devil May Cry
32:00 Right as Scott says tedious, Candy Kong in a *very* upclose shot appears. Thanks Scott.
rip break out gone too soon😥
16:28 He actually got his mug at the end.
Sex Ed!!!
Rip breakout. The new music is good but sounds more like a intro rather than an outro.
"Donkey Kong Barrel Blast! Or, Donkey Kong Jet Race! Which one's the better name? The one that's not [Donkey Kong Barrel Jet Race]"
This whole episode is just rex descending into madness
Scott:I'm a vergin. Also Scott:I got married. Me:I thought you were a vergin!
16:10 is just reddit mods lmao
24:54 no its gex
3:36 SPOILERS    Rex after you beat Xenoblade Chronicles 3:
32:41
Scott is truly a virgin with rage
0:25 Is it just me, or does this whole opening sound like a AVGN episode?
Woah the ending theme
36:47 that’s unironicly wholesome
"Society may have lost its virginity, but I'm here to find it" you killed me with that one
Way harder to play DDR on a D-Pad on expert the harder the songs get the worse the D-Pad functions. Also input is laggy. Keyboard is best.
They need to release a good donkeykong game, for the sake of the economy
12:28 I found this funnier than it had any right to be.
Very Relatable.
the ending just woww
at 30:45 rex's mouth is... idk what it is i wanna say dubbed over but ik its wrong
Scott the woz has rhythm game humor now. Nice.
watched this video’s outro before the rest of the video because i was trying to find the first video with the new outro, big mistake, outro pays off so much if you’ve seen the rest
The implication that donkey kong not being on the GameCube single-handedly caused the stock market crash of 2008 is possibly the funniest thing I’ve ever heard.
Scott Wozniak - The World's Best Virgin: Not the one we deserved, but the one we needed...
I’m surprised nobody has used the the part where Rex enters as a shitpost meme.
"I've loosened my virginity" I just like this line.
bro not gonna lie scott but this has to be one of my fav videos ever that and the tinder one
1:04 Scott got 50 years older in 30 seconds.
Scott jokes about not being able to get laid but I'm a woman who is pretty close in age to him and I think he's attractive and funny and idk, if there was a guy like him in my real life social circle, I'd totally be into him 🤷🏼‍♀️
Maybe you could run the game on your erelevent computer and get an adapter and then map the controls
Never has a video specifically about how awful a game is made me want to play it so badly
Such a shame that such characterized Kremlings have their ONLY appearance be in this game. I definitely wouldn't mind Kalypso getting more involved.
Now I weirdly want a spin-off series of Rex stopping random people having sex in a villain-of-the-week format. He’s sitting on his couch, the fuck-alarm goes off, he stops the sex.
My favorite aspect of this episode is the sheer amount of times Scott and the others say "cock" censored. The bleeps make it so much funnier.
Barrel blast was my fav wii gale and hearing it as one of worst nintendo game of all time hurt
37:23 is where the best song in the universe starts
That ending tho! 😂
This is genuinely the most beautiful ending i've ever seen I literally cried
"Donkey Kong Barrel Blast.   The tenth commandment."
30:41 his mouth looks like Superman
Thank you for validating asexuals
Forum Weapon: 19:32-19:39
Moral of the Story, needs more Bongos
30:57 bruh💀
I can't believe you did it without even one sex
Scott should start levelling out his audio because one moment Jeb is talking really calmly and then the next Rex is breaking your ear drums
This is Scott justifying his asexuality and I love it
Did he mouth the word “sister” and then change it to “brother”?
Boyfriend? Dudes gay?
Entire game looks like dk jungle from double dash repainted 16 times
Hey wait a tic.... Scotts a virgin?
I love how Scott's dad send him information about Barrel Blast at 3 in the morning
@31:47 Every Kong should be a *_hatted Kong_* ~ change my mind
_What am I doing with my life?_ Donkey Kong: *Needs more BoNgO*
2:55  The Money Store cover revamped
I heard it was suppose to be a Popeye game But couldn’t get rights and had to make own characters
Oh god My birthday is on the day that Barrel Blast released    F*CKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
The Nerd would be proud.
Just realized this is a really good underlying message about the act of sex and how having it or not doesn’t define you as a person
"Were bouta film our first shreks tape"  _walks into the frame without pants_
Don't you speak about Krunch in that tone!  He's a treasure!
Can't wait to tell my loved ones I learned how to properly pronounce 'Worcestershire' from a video about Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast
how did this guy make money of Gex, Daxter and the fucking Ouya?
June 28? 2007? My god that's my birthday
Scott: Lists three different games  Also scott: "and the death of gerald ford"
You can also brush your teeth with mice
Looking back, this video seems to be a farewell to the original Scott era. Now with a new outro and having finally covered the game he’s memed the most in his vids, it’s time for a new Scott.
"With Great Power Cums Great Virginity" - - Scott the Woz May 22nd 2022
After being used to seeing Rex with glasses on all the time, I'm surprised as to how expresive his eyes are
Scott, what happened to your shirt?
30:41 Why does Rex's mouth not look real
i want a rerelease of dk64
It would've been funny if he released this in pride month, with all the accepting other people and that
It took four months
35:43 you just were one number to make it even more funny.  34 comon
Little Jimmy
Scott’s house looks super nice! Good investment Scott 😊
16:35
37:56 Can someone tell me what episode the "Virgin Radar" showed up in? Don't remember that, but I do most of the others.
37:38 I love how you can hear the classic outro transition into the new one
Finally, the climax of the virginity arc.
Worth mentioning rare made the rather bad star fox GameCube game before Nintendo passed on acquiring them
16:35
the best part tho is that we all know that scott definitely fucks
Hey i loved king of swing
Scott: “all the characters in Diddy Kong racing except Diddy Kong are literally just teddy bears” Conker: “am I a joke to you”
33:34 It does.
I bet Scott slayes
It's past 2 AMand I just watch this to confirm Barrel Blast is a real game I once rented for a weekend, and not just a fever dream I once had. Though judging by this video's plot, it's also possible I'm just having another fever dream as I'm recovering from Covid.
For some reason I found this game in an old box of my wii games, and I don’t remember buying this game as a kid ;-;
one day in 10 years I will look back on the past and shed tears on how breakout is no longer the scott the woz intro. Rest in piece and welcome. new intro
Microsoft Ruins Everything—Slow News Day
Actually universal tried to sue Nintendo cause of donkey Kong but a lawyer Nintendo hired named John Kirby pointed out that King Kong was public domain so it wasn’t plagerism and also that’s why Kirby is named kirby
i really like this game
I'm going to cry at the outro song change man
Rip old song..
You skipped Donkey Kong on Game Boy. It actually came out half a year prior to DKC and was more like original Donkey Kong, just with a lot more levels and more of a puzzle game angle rather than a straight arcade game. There were a few more games that stayed with this idea of Donkey Kong, namely the Mario vs Donkey Kong series.
Why this game
as someone who never bought the game and got given it by a friend, and as someone who at the time of its release didn't realise you only had to shake the controllers until max speed, I thought it was loads of fun, but god it was bad, at least the soundtrack slapped. ps I will take no kludge slander, that was my boy
I like how you can see the WiiU gamepad screen in the background meaning you can tell he wasn’t playing the game
Forum Weapon: 11:20-11:23
Did dk just eat a devil fruit
9:25 I don't know why, but I keep remembering this line and it keeps making me crack up!
7:30 The newspaper is literally called "The Pause That Frame Times" Scott would buy a country for a 2 second joke
Jump man is technically Mario’s father and the original donkey cong is actually donkey kong sr
Or babies
The disintegration of Rex is truly gruesome
Quawks
33:36 why is that so perfectly synced lmao
Never since Jesus Christ was there a more notable virgin.
Forum Weapon: 3:27-3:29
Nintendo might want the player to look at candy but the real win is looking at kalypso I think she's the real reason why some many people f*#!? After playing Also I can't believe I didn't know about this video it came like 3 days before my birthday and that's cool
Forum Weapon: 12:31-12:33
I feel like there's a political message here but I just can't put my finger on it.
Yo anyone want to start a religion where the opening and that section in the gaming gifts video are the bible
38:14
A bongo game with no bongos. L
"Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast or Donkey Kong Jet Race. Which one's the better name? The one that's not this." So I've taken the time to handwrite that on Google Translate: ドンキーコングたるジェットレース That translates to: "Donkey Kong: Barrel Jet Race" So the better name is none of them.
11:20
Next is fling smash
15:21 S.T.A.L.K.E.R: SoC finally released.
That was the worst skit I’ve ever seen in my life
I remember my mom buying jungle beat for me, but inside the case was donkey kong country returns but I didn't mind
30:44 I will forever be confused of what is going on with his mouth and why.
Scott complaining about Candy Kong’s design being overly sexy : « Candy, just wear a name tag ! » … So you want her to wear no shirt ?
Rip that amazing outro. Hope the new one grows
Made me laugh. Puked out my ramen. Now I have space for more ramen. Thank you. 5 stars
When he pulled the Diddy Kong Racing cartridge out, my light went out. Powerful virgin magicks, I am afraid!
32:30 Just who was Nintendo trying to appeal to with Candy?
15:29  And wreslting...
Anyone else notice his plans to betray the alliance on the calendar?
Not including abbreviations like DK or the GameCube game Donkey Konga, Scott says Donkey Kong a total of 81 times
bonkey dong
As someone who plays Donkey Kong Barrel Blast daily, I can confirm that it makes me the biggest non-virgin in the world.
Nice
i need the break in version of the beating donkey kong montage ._.
I just realized after rewatching gifts of gaming that this video is a follow up to that video
Gonna miss Breakout.
Interesting video.  This game is a guilty pleasure for me personally just because of all the post-Rare fanservice.  Plus, I honestly like the music.
boy's got them digital lips 30:40
You know what, I actually like Break In for its narrative purpose in Scott The Woz. After coming to the realization that he shouldn’t chastise people for their decision to have sex or not, it feels like the previous mentality was associated with Breakout, but the new era and thoughts of Scott in the series, it’s moved on to this new theme. I miss Breakout and just how iconic, but I love Break In for pushing both the series and Scott’s arc in this episode forward.
"ONLY FOR LEMMY>:3"
I love hoe the climactic end song transitions from the old outro song to the new one
Scott got laid. He betrayed the alliance. 🤧
I just realized that at 30:40 when Rex is speaking about Genghis Khan, his mouth is edited over with another Rex mouth. Can't wait to see the bloopers/behind-the-scenes of this one lol
i want that mug 38:14
Am i the only one that thought this game was... okay?
i like that breakout was part of the curse
3:36 my favorite line.
This game came out the day I was born.
I mean rare kinda sucks now. they havent really made anything worth a damn since the n64
6:07 Conker and banjo appear though
great review with a wholesome and wacky message good times
13:00 personal timestamp
I can't believe Scott the Woz made an episode about sexual comfort. And a really good one at that
Can we please have a moment of silence for Breakout Hero
30:59
24:58
16:56
1:49
Thank you for upgrading your audio setup. you’ve earned my sub, scott.
Just remember the fact that everyone either freaked out or flat out accepted the new outro at 38:15 just saying.
Pain
I’m intimidated how much he looks like tucker Carlson in the thumbnail
the game is just like the app game called flying gorilla
The first part of this video is just the history of donkey kong
Rip Scott’s old outro music 2017-2022
I swear I had this game for the DS
20:12, bro this had me cryin 😭
….. wait what message are we meant to take away from this. Am I meant to fuck?
I bet Scott ends up marrying a super model when all is said and done. Lol
8:35 It took me 4 weeks to figure out this should be my new pickup line.
"Betray the alliance"
He broke the curse. He is the chosen one…
Scott is the asexual icon we need
My friends recommended me scott the woz *And this is the first video of him i see* I wont forgot this day
So Scott isn't a virgin anymore...
SCOTT, PLEASE LISTEN TO ME. LISTEN VERY CLOSELY. I NEED YOU TO BE MY UNCLE. YOU HAVE TO BE MY UNCLE. I REALLY WANT YOU TO BE MY UNCLE. SCOTT,  please will you be my uncle?
I need to clean version of this where the word sex is just replaced with bread or box or something
37:18 through the rest of the video is the evolution of Scott. This part is amazing.
30:43 rex kinda looks like Edgar Allen Poe right there
Am I the only one who's bothered that the games Cups are topaz (gem),  sapphire (gem),  diamond (gem) and platinum (metal)???
30:40 Am I crazy or did they edit his mouth in?
Good to know that the game of sex came out on my 1st birthday
0:53 that's madden 08
NIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIINTENDO MEMES!!
Take a shot every time Scott says "Donkey Kong"
the gags with your friends kinda suck ngl, just stick to the commentary and jokes, scott.
Why is this video so epic and phylosophical
Hey Scott! Why did you change the outro? It was just so good and then.
Ayo Scotty is back from the enterprise!
Didn't expect a Scott the Woz episode to have a metaphor about sex positivity.
I don't know if anyone will answer but Why don't they make Donkey Kong Barrel blast for the switch and make it to where it's compatible with the bongos?
As a European, thank you for bleeping the words B***** B****, I was worried for a moment
Barrel blast has one of the best OSTs out there
He back
The japanese name of barrel blast is "Barrel jet race", kinda funny that they separated the original name for the european and american release
WHAT OH MY GOD 9:12
Game room tour 2?
People have used the bongos to beat Dark Souls. It's an experience to say the least
I can't believe Scott the Woz is the inventor of Asexuality
I hate that I realized that DK Summit for Mario kart Wii is from DK barrel blast how could I not know and even though I didn’t know about DK barrel west from before
Gotta appreciate the details in the song at the end, when at 37:43 the original outro music smoothly turns into the new outro for the channel, as if establishing a new chapter/season of ScottTheWoz
Holy shit, it just hit me. Scott's dad knows so much about Barrel Blast because he had to have played Barrel Blast to have sex.
25:15 yeah no sentence him to death
This is extremely good
Sex is for losers guys
Scott the Woz is the Jerry Seinfeld of the Donkey Kong Barrell Blast community.
That closing montage is giving me major AVGN vibes.
I just looked it up and I was born nine months after donkey Kong barrel blast was announced
happy pride month...?
that transition to the new theme is amazing.
Damn, I guess this is the last time we hear "Breakout" in a Scott the Woz video
I swear at minute 30:41 his mouth looks like it was animated or something
I just realized that every third game in the donkey Kong franchise is worse than the orginals.  Donkey Kong 3 a failure in the arcade Donkey Kong Country 3 has more mixed opinions  Donkey Konga 3 only released in Japan Donkey Kong Barrel Blast (The third Donkey Kong racing game, the third Donkey Kong game made by Paon) its just a bad game
I was watching this with my friends in ireland while picking the potatoes and I was very fucking offended when he said barrel blast
WHERE THE **** IS GEX
I watched this video again and it's a... blast. Dammit
Put Scott on tv 😂 this looks more interesting than what we have on tv
14:12
I’m still not used to the new outro music, I loved Breakout so much, but I can’t think of a reason it should’ve stayed as the outro other than “it’s always been!”
29:23 27:30 30:46
I remember my whole family playing Donkey Konga when I was young. Such a great party/family game and a lot more fun and inclusive than the dancing games IMO.
Heh, June 28 is mm2 birthday.
about 10 minutes until we get to the meat of the video
good to have you back Scott
36:48 Thank you English class for letting me know what this is referring to
Binging Scott the woz really makes you really how much effort goes into it (effort=time not fucking) one of my favorite YouTubers, thanks Scott :)
16:45 is when it is good to 38:35
How many cans of foam and paint did it take to make the fake cave?
Honestly, the virgin and no-sex jokes are really getting old.
this episode is just an allegory for kinkshaming, isn't it
i played barrel blast as a child and thought it was good  where is my wife SCOTT
Man, the show has changed ever since G4...  I mean the comedy is identical, it's just more mature is all...
I don't get the sex jokes.... Is this a running joke on the channel?  Edit: Oh the game fucks you..... 😂
Strange to be discussing a bad era of donkey Kong while holding the best donkey Kong game, king of swing.   Maybe someone switched the labels.
People ask me what my favorite anime is… I tell them it’s complicated
We all know Scott gets bitches in reality. I mean he played barrel blast.
Half an hour well spent 😂
36:17 the moment you realize he is actually talking about society judging women for living their sexuality freely
Scott, I love you.
Kept looking at that A and thought of among us
I rented this game when I was way younger and loved it so much I forgot to return it and almost cried from a $10 dollar fine. Good times
If only finding my one true love was as easy as playing DK Barrel Blast... C'est la vie
Learning about games, with nerdy humor is the best XD
I haven’t seen you in a hot minute
This entire video is just an essay on the social hierarchy that dictates worth through sexual recreation disguised as a video game review.
37:38 I like how it transitions from old theme to new theme
This is literally 1984
I’d like to point out, my younger sister was conceived the same year barrel blast came out
38:15 new outro
Scott have you been sleeping
18:20
If none of the Donky Konga games had the Donkey Kong Country cartoon theme to bongo along to, it ain’t worth it.
WIth great power comes great virginity
Why was this an allegory for understanding and respecting asexuals lol
we will miss you 3d dot heroes theme i have the disk for the ps3 game on my wall
24:47 best sequence of events ever
I liked when you said "donkey kong"
Man I miss the old outro
Return of the king
i cant believe I'm getting emotional over the outro song on a youtube channel, heres to the new era :') you absolute virgin legend
12:02 Why is this so hilarious to me?
Scott is the chosen one
Hey Scott, make your next video about Super Mario 64 DS
new scott, new breakout remix, new ending song, no sex, life is good
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?  Edit: MOTHERFUCKING FINALLY AAAAAUUUUUUUUGGGGGGHHHHHHHHHHHHH
oh good, Scott we thought you were assassinated by inconspicuous business men
You have a great skill , Just go ahead bro.
I gave up on that second one at 16
20:12 I accidently paused right when he hit the table which made this gag 10x better! 😂
Got my history book+ about the show, from Pixel Empire, today! It’s not late February, but I don’t give a fuck. I got it!   It remains in the USPS box, for now...
Finally! He returned
Glad to see you're back
Rare made Killer instinct too one of the greatest fighters ever
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
we be scott the woz the movie one day its just a question
I can't believe I lived enough to see Scott win a battle to death against the very embodiment of SEX
Wow... it's been a while since he uploaded... again... The only one that I know that has this work ethic is Ghost...
30:58 Scott is smiling in this scene
Scott is the king of the asexuals
I wish we could get an amazing 3D Donkey Kong again. I don’t understand why not.
HE IS BACK!
Awesome video
Jontron 2
At 30:42, is that a greenscreen mouth??
Go audition for Spiderman dammit
Nascar season started on February 14 wtf happened
30:41 his mouth is edited on.
Scott: *Comes Back*            *Drops this banger, refuses to elaborate*            *Leaves*
I have a theroy after this the switch five years in will release
Hey uhh, what was that one Scott The Woz video where he said "Wario- F**K"?
Damn Scott is down bad !
Ever think of doing a video on the game Einhander for ps1 ?
You should make a video on the game & watch gallery games
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
Oh he changed the ending theme. My life is not the same
It’s been so long since your last upload before this, hope everything is ok Scott. Sending love my guy 🍻
HEY SCOTT you should do a video about the SONIC THE HEDGEHOG MOVIES
One of Ohio's greatest
This definitely some AB from the H3 podcast vibes 🐵
i loves barrel blast
Why were some of the lines between 24:50 and 25:05 redubbed?
Ironically the new outro is break in and the old one is break out
Hes back
Some volume equalization would be nice
that scarlet letter gag was so good
I love you
What @Kolani said. That ending was fucking amazing Scott and I loved what you did there. It was a legit good bye, a "transition moment".   It is indeed very bitter sweet, but we love you Scott
Is this his way of saying he got laid?
Jungle Climber is the first game my now-wife and I first finished together in 2013. So call it shit all you want. I call it love.
Is Break Out truly leaving us! That’s hard to accept but I’m sure I’ll enjoy the new theme over time!
You’re back!!!
as an asexual i will stay VERY far away from barrel blast
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
wow this was just not funny at all
AVGV? ^^ Angry Video Games Virgin :0
When you find out that Donkey Kong Racing was almost a thing for the first time !!!!
Man this is like a classic AVGN episode🎉
You were missed, Scott!
32:42 🤣🤣🤣🤣
so he finally talked about it
Even if I am one day late, happy birthday Scott
why does youtube constantly recommend me videos of this jewish zoomer? i'm not really a fan of violent religions that want me dead for being a christian
im not even sure what the narrative for this video was lmao
Pardoning student debt. Comrade Scott fighting for the proletariat confirmed.
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
…and now I have mousehair all over my teeth. Jeez, thanks Scott☠️
O No A  Donkey kong          Barrel Blast Lore
We love you Scott
Play next pac-man museum+ please
I was born in 2007 soooo
yurrrrr
I FORGOT ABOUT HIM HES BACK
He changed the end theme!
I missed this beautiful man
well now I know what pit we lost the kremling crew in and probably where nintendo marketing division going to use to make the decision why there not coming back anytime makes you realize the miracle of king k rool in smash really was
Happy birthday Scott!
So the joke isn't that he's super white but a virgin? Opps
Happy birthday scott
From one June 2 baby to another, happy birthday Scott!
That montage music is so LIT🔥
Hey Scott all here I’m wondering if you could upload on June 5th that day is my birthday and even though you might not it’s worth a shot
If you guys need some background check out the viral video games episode!
What did you smoke to come up with this plot? I need to know I need ideas...
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
bbiibb
Donkey Kong.  nice.
Switch Five Years In?
talking abt virginity this much always makes u sound like an incel i wish ud drop it
HAPPY BIRTHDAY
I just..   I don't even..  Wow!
Scott is back!!! Hell yeah!!!
Trés belle video !super de te revoir Scott !
Anyone else notice Banjo and Conker at 6:08 ?
Cant wait till we get the sex critique
You're supposed to sit in your friend's lap to play that game.
Bruh wat was that intro 😂😂😂😂😂😂 krying
Wait!? what happened with Breakout? I mean, Break in is nice too, but why the change!?
I just wanted to point out that the footage at 37:50 isn't sped up. These are 2 or 3 frame long portions of normal gameplay put together. So there are like 30 cuts in that single second of video instead of it being one continuous piece of gameplay at hyperspeed.
1:55 I feel like I’m reading this wrong. Does Scott hate Star Allies or Is there something I’m missing?
im still waiting for the punch out video
Happy birthday, in my timezone atleast
Great episode. Laughed my posterior off. Why not just download homebrew and a mod?
Fell off
im still horribly salty about what they did to chibi robo too lol
Petition for scott the woz to do a episode of halo on legendary
Scott was drawn in by the barrel blast curse. Thats why it took so long to make a new video
I bet Scott is the biggest player in a 100 mile radius of his hometown. He calls himself a virgin so we won’t get jealous.
Those plans to betray the alliance really kept you busy for a while there, Scott. 16:10
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
Scott plz make a video about modern retro handhelds like the retroid pocket 2, im sure a lot of people will like it.
wow it feels odd without breakout during the outro
Are things okay with your wife, Scott? You seem uneasy
I wasnt gonna watch this video until I watched it.
Scott is such a great writer 👍
Scott is such a wonderfully awesome human being.
I love how at 16:44 the door gets absolutely destroyed but it magically fixes itself seconds later
ok DK jungle climber was a masterpiece though
24:59 honestly I think the echoes of just recording the sound right then and there sounds way better than voiced over, just sounds very off when done like that.
a new upload thx good your alive
that end card threw me off for a second, but damn is it good
I had to get rid of my copy from this game as I was having TOO MUCH SEX
HE'S BACKKKK
Hey Scott how come you never sing "One two three strikes you're out at the old ball game!"?  You seem like a peanuts and cracker jack kind of guy.  I assumed you had that song on a wax cylinder but unless you are hiding it from us it looks like I was wrong.  I could you send you a cassette with the original version and the Detroit Dirty Mix version but I know it just wouldn't be the same as listening to it on a wax cylinder.  At the very least maybe you can pick it up on a 78 record.  Get back at me and we'll discuss this further.  Thanks -Classic80sStuff
He went full AVGN in this video, I love it
Jungle beat slaps
On one hand, I'm glad Scott's got G4 going, On the other, I miss my like once-a-month uploads...  Hope that might come back soon.
7:31 "The Pause That Frame Times" absolutely killed me. Love the detail Scott puts it!
Glad you're back, but i can't be the only one skipping all the skit stuff. really trimmed a good 10 minutes off the video
My cousins have the same couch. Apparently it wasn’t the best and broke easily. You might want to return it if you still can. Might not be an issue since you are not a ten year old.
Outro sucks 😢
Scott! Hi there, Josh here! I had an important question to ask you. When you have intercourse with your video games do you have to force yourself opon them or are they ready and willing? Or maybe just the Nintendo games have to be held down and taken from behind. I always found it weird when you talk about yourself being a virgin... Do video games not count or maybe they're just your bitches and bitches never count
Holy Fuck Scott The Woz
THE WOZ IS BACK who would’ve thought such a simple game with such a fun packaging and wacky gimmick would be guilty of violating 42 U.S. Code § 1985 - Conspiracy to interfere with civil rights
37:34 please please please please PLEASE putt a Full version of That Song on Spotify
The fact I was born in the same year of this game proves that sex was only invented after the release of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast. Before then, sex was nothing more than a theoretical myth.
I wonder if Scott is gonna keep up the virginity jokes if and when he gets married IRL
Sonic x Zelda Breath of the wild = Sonic frontiers
17:36
26:43 🤣
Wow I genuinely cannot believe the maturity of this channel and how solid this foundation is, I am watching someone master their craft
ngl I'm not ready to let go of breakout just yet
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
Pin this comment
This was worth the wait.
im sorry guys the old outro is objectively better
Scott has a skit problem. It was easier to skip in past videos but the positive loop he must hear all the time (haha your jokes are so funny) made Scott incorporate more skits and in between the actual gaming content the silent majority tunes in for.
Scott is like the Anti Avatar: When the world needed him most, he came back.
I was getting concerned cause i hadnt seen a Scott video in awhile. But seeing the slogfest that is this game, I was right to be concerned. Glad you're back and happy you survived.
This is pretty subtle, but at 37:37 you can hear Breakout, the music used in his old outro, and then it transitions into his new outro music, which he named "Break In" (the name is written in the description)
i did not watch this
That entire last sequence was wild, and I loved it! X'D This whole vid was so hilarious and weird and awesome! INCREDIBLE job, as always! (So glad I didn't get this game! We had the other Donkey Konga games, lol, but not this one! Now I see why! X'D) <3
It was definitely bittersweet to hear Scott's new theme at the end instead of Breakout. I'm glad Scott's building his own brand and obviously using a song from another game couldn't last forever, but it's a shame to see a channel staple need to go.
27:20     Q    U    A    W    K    S   ?
I remember renting this game from family video as a kid and for whatever reason I skipped the tutorial and didn’t know how to move. After trying ever button I could, I angrily started hitting the ground repeatedly with the Wii remote and nunchuck. That’s how I learned how to play the game
hes backkkkkk
06:26 - my reaction as well looooooool
Not funny. Usually you’re funny but this was like you took all your crack and wrote the first thing that came to your mind.
20:11 can't wait to see how this scene was created
HESS BACK
omg he make vido
Does he ever use that pesto bismol
I just wanna say I appreciate the breakaway table gag in particular.
Can’t believe scott made a fucking scarlet letter reference in 2022
Zamn all these people be saying how emotional the outro theme was. Like, I'm sorry he can't have an outro different from the normal one? He'll probably go back to it in the next video stop being all excited.
Fun fact: the Brazilian military wasted all their budget on viagra a few months ago
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
The pure hype when you notice a new Scott The Woz video in your recommended!!
You just brought back a very lost memory of me playing that game on the GameCube and driving my whole house insane cause I would play it upstairs on my wooden floor
This is one of the best Scott branded continuity moments I have ever seen. It's so utterly amazing the amount of effort and nuance the upload of this video carries that it made me forget everything bad in my life. I don't f*cking care you didn't upload Switch: five years in because this... this is worth it. Please, for the love of Chibi-Robo keep up this level of quality of episodes and dedication for the Stupid Nintendo Games lineage. This overjoyed fan of your content would be very pleased and happy for you to take that decision, even though you probably already know you're gonna do it. I just wanted to make it clear. Thank you for Scott the Woz, Scott Wozniak.
Scotch adventure
i fucking love scott the woz
Does anyone else see what's going on with his mouth at 30:41?
I ate cereal
Finally, he uploaded again!!!
I'm new to the channel, watched a lot of the older vids but I think this is his first upload since I've been a subscriber.   What's with all the LOL PEOPLE HAVE SEX stuff? I guess that the implication is that gamers are virgins? Which seems like a bit of an old take, but that's fine to meme about. It just felt like it's a lot here. I think homeboy is due for a milking.
Welp
if scott is in charge of world peace i will now blame him anytime something goes wrong
17:52 the Japanese title is literally "Donkey Kong Barrel Jet Race" lmao, so neither of them are "not this" XD
COVID happened for a reason
fucking amazing
Chaining wild moves feels great, especially into other racers, but the controls are _so_ bad, it can't be emphasized enough. There's lots of small gaps between metal barrels that you're supposed to thread through, but you turn by shaking your fists and most characters' minimum turn speed is too high to aim. Only Funky or Kludge can get certain wild move chains and golden bananas in the later levels. And if you're playing those characters, enjoy repetitive wrist strain from hammering your arms for every turn of every race.
So, if I understand correctly, people f*ck when playing this game cause they get bored from the lame track design, shitty controls and all the rest and f*cking is always a backup plan?
Where have you been all my life
DK King of Swing was fun, it was a quick puzzle platform to play when you're waiting at the dentist or on a long road trip.
new outro legit scared me
He is back boys we can all be happy again
Welcome back my long lost wozz, Welcome the Eff back. Don’t leave us again…Withdrawals suck.
Wait if people didn’t bone at one point where did people come from?
There was this person on Reddit saying you die,and people were believing it
F’s in the chat for breakout/old outro
Scott the woz season finale
Oi
16:43
No ep this week...
When the world needed him most, he returned.
Week one of asking Scott for a metal gear rising revengense video
I like that in the end the music went from the original Scott The Woz theme to the supposedly new theme! Honestly, I kinda like the new one more than the original!
This video is semantic satiation central lmao
Is there going to be a bloopers video I am asking for a freind
as an asexual. yeah
rather see you do more skits like the funeral
oh..the outro music changed
I HATE SCOTT THE WOZ!!!!!
abstinence is cool!!
Wait.... where's breakout
The antithesis to every internet user, it gets you laid
whers nintendk swithc fiv yeas in
The fucking airbag bit got me so hard, I don’t know why.
petition for scott and the gang to play rock band together
20:12 bills mafia!
Holy crap, in the We Dare video Scott calls We Dare the second Wii game that will get you laid and he holds up Barrel Blast as the other. That video was over 2 years ago and here he is paying the joke off now!
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?   (For those of you confused, I’m posting this comment every day until it comes out, which is hopefully tonight)
You look like young Bill Gates
He is back
SCOOTTT THHHEEE WOOOZ
“You’re not a f**king creep. You’re a f**king friend.” -Rex (2022)
is character Scott asexual? He wasn't even affected by barrel blast.
This video was so many thangs.......just so many.
let's go! Scott is back!
RIP my man Gerald Ford 😭
Rip old outro
Took him nearly 20 minutes to actually start playing and he really can’t stop talking about sex
Scott the Woz has some of the best morals at the end of each story, and also the most dramatic final battles. I love this channel so much.
I want the mug
I thought Jungle Beat was cool. It was DK fighting other gorillas for dominance to become king of the jungle
AHH seeing you go through the history of one of MY favorite series of all time brought a smile and a tear to my face, truly am hoping for a new entry into the series soon as its been practically 10 years at this point again! really doesnt get enough love!
Huge fan of Scott The Woz sex positivity
At last... Scott's season arc is complete...
32:40 That made me laugh so hard 😂
This is a dream video for Asexuals everywhere
You are alive!
Back and better than ever 😊
20:13
Scott's back let's gooo
oh lawd Scott is back
After enough years I can say I can finally say with certainty that I am more familiar with Scott's rug than anything else
I get why it was done but I hate that he doesn't have "Breakout" as the ending theme anymore.
Dude … I’m dying your content is too hilarious
Cool.
Tell me your related to Bill Gates without telling me your related to Bill Gates.
You can also brush your teeth with mice 😂
Scott is my favorite Woz
interesting video until it became all about sex...
Scott are you going to make a sequel to the videos on wiiware? Because the 3ds and wiiu eshops are closing
This game was so fun and so miserable. My arms were soooo sore.
The wrong-side-of-the-hand handshake 😂😂😂😭😂😭
Woah! New outro music???
WOOOO VIRGINITYYYY WOOOO YEAH BABEEEEEEEE
We're have u Ben at for the last 4 months you fuck face.....love u
Scott made a 38 minute video to tell us that he took five months off to have sex.
YouTube shows the most played parts now and its the end
Kingdom Hearts racing game when?
17:10 r/suddenlygay
I'm so glad he's back
Where's the Pepto 😞😞😞😞😂
Was this demonetized?
Easy win
I would like to see a video of Scott about The Stanley Parable
37:53 HOW DID HE GET THERE SIDHISBSSIBS
Scott… did you just make a wii game a metaphor for both slut shaming and virgin shaming?  Because you’re a genius because of that.
Lanky and Klump have the same stats
He did for us virgins
Scott 2022 "With great power comes great virginity"
“whose numbers have been growing at a sexual pace” got me out loud
30:40 uh... I realise Rex's mouth was edited, but this feels so out of place in one of Scott's videos 😆
This is like Pink Floyd's The Wall.
I remember the DS game, was pretty fun
godo
So THATS why I can’t hook up anymore  Totally not bc I let myself go while drunk
I saw your tweet Scott and man take all the time you need. You have to experience life! Since we are the same age, I know how you feel. Balancing life and work is hard. You can do it man!
HE'S BACKKKKK
23:00
bravo scott
16:28 at the end of the episode he got a custom mug.
8:35
immaculate taste is film.
The return of the virgin king
I just graduated high school thank you for this masterpiece
Where the hell have you been? It’s 2 hours past curfew!
Actually the japanese name, which is written in katakana, translates to "Jet Race"... Guess Europe wins here ! :)
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
I feel somehow more Sega from this episode than Nintendo. Something has changed, something we thought couldn't be changed, and because of that is has to be Sega
Can’t wait for Fling Smash next!
Scott's hysterical quotes per minute are completely off the charts in this video. Literally too many to count.
The best part of this video is when the guy busts through the door.
"it's not donkey kong racing...It's earl!"
welcome back, mr. wozniack.
4:32 and the part about Donkey Kong-ass Donkey Kong has me weak!
13:34 is it me or is the audio different from the mouth? he says sister not brother (i think)     dont care tho its a good video as alwasy
All of this caused by the redesigned Tiny Kong design
Wiat Jeb jab fuכks?
I hope his friends are always in his videos. They’re hilarious
Switch 5 years in?
Barrel Blast does sound alot better than jet race
HE CHANGED HIS OUTTRO
Nice editing
You could say that the items in this game are real bananas.
0:29 Scott let's out his inner AVGN, 2022
For that entire break I was getting concerned about him. I have no social media so I didn't hear about his break
NOOOO BRING BACK BREAKOUTTTT
HE'S BACK FINALLY I'M SO HAPPY
I fkn love Scott's episodes. I feel like he has picked up the slack where some of the online gamers have lacked recently. Not to say any names haha
Why da no fork spaghetti is the outro music  diffrent?
Too many sex jokes, 7.8
I love how this is a review of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast (something I've never heard of), a commentary on virgins and sex, a story with full on character arcs and a comedy all in one.
He's baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaccccccccccccccccccccccccccckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk
Yes I did pause that frame  7:31
Finally Scott the Woz had a proper Video Game reviewer outtro
31:00 among us
And what did Microsoft do with them basically kill them.
Another masterpiece, thank you scott.
Well we know who’s still a virgin lol.
One in 10 viewers liked
scotts back fuck yea scott and not the scott thats a dick from south park is scitt wozniak fuck yea
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast
HIM B A C K
DONKEY KONG
Great video!
SCOTT IS FINALLY BACK
Okay, a little ADR is no big deal. We all do it, but that mouth editing at 30:41 was something else. lol
I love how Nintendo made Donkey Konga 3, but never made Super Mario Galaxy 3. I can imagine much more that Nintendo could have done to expand upon the base of Super Mario Galaxy, rather than Donkey Konga.
Scott the Woz: Evolved
I just want you to know, as a 32 year old virgin myself, you’ve done us all a great service. See you in eight years when they make a movie about me.
Rex took that door to the face with all the professionalism I expect from a rage filled, malding virginity defender.
I only watched a video about Barrel Blast and I'm still having non stop opposite abstinence
Some of the best ace rep I’ve seen in a long while
I think this video used up all of Scott's virginity jokes
It should have been on GameCube. The Wii ruined the concept.
Charlie and the Chocolate Factory uses Bongos?
13:10 the visuals say it's better then Balan Wonderworld and Colonial Marines though
How tf is that only on yt, its better than half the movies on netflix and its free tf
Wish you talked about Jungle Beat more
A marked increase in sex jokes this episode.
hey scott, can you do an episode on rayman 1?
I don't know if the Mr Bean's Holiday thing was ironic or not, because that is a legitimately great movie.
17:43 don't ask just watch. No need to process.
I won't stand for this Kludge slander.
I find it funny that in the world of Scott The Woz, no one had sex for 2007 years. like, sex is for reproduction. So how did humanity survived for so long? I need an answer man.
THE SON OF A BITCH ACTUALLY DID IT!
This didn't pop up on my recommendations very strange.
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
Our lord and savior is back!!!!
A man created a legend around the game created years ago
30:41 What happened to Rex's mouth?? lol
*Scott. No You Didn't. WHY WOULD YOU CHANGE THE CLASSIC OUTRO??!?!?!?*
Your back
bro is ace
About the Kongos Kirby Tilt 'n' Tumble would like a word with you.
I recommend to swear less, it’s getting too much that the older episodes are better.  Don’t become those lame YouTubers that swear every 10 secs.
Did you forget about the concept of audio clipping during your little break there Scottie pal?
Nintendo intentionally nerfed the game so it wasn't going to compete with Mario Cart.
This man is a legend. He used Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast as an allegory for sex positivity
I had king of swing as a kid I liked it alot
Fun fact: This entire review is a call-back to a visual gag from the We Dare review. (Scott said that We Dare and DK Barrel Blast were the only two Wii games where you could have sex. I haven't watched that exact episode in a while, so I could have misremembered the quote.)
I had no idea there was a DK3
so theres a fucking ghost monkey in the roster but chunky is forgotten to time alright cool checks out
TL:DW 👎
No Chunky Kong? Instant fail
This is unfortunately one of the last games to feature DK’s extended cast   We can’t even get Kremling goalies anymore
The return of the king!
If Scott ever gets laid the world will explode
I felt empty with the new outro song... Well time to get used to it, it's not bad but just different (will miss breakout tho)
I did not expect the ending to be this deep, nicely done Scott
I love how Jeb was given a YouTube Play Buttom :)))
it would be an awesome twist if Scott just gave in to the curse and this became a porno halfway through
woaaah scott you can just say B**** B**** you have EU viewers
MFW I thought I would show my kids how funny Scott the Woz is by showing them this video.  I got to about 1:43 before I had to sheepishly shut it off.
Barrel Blaster 😏
i think an unfair point here is claiming donkey kong country and donkey kong are different series’s because he makes the point that the mario franchise was successful but donkey kong was not; when in fact donkey kong country and super mario i believe are reboots of their past common entry of donkey kong
i always enjoy seeing scot getting f
Welcome back mr. the woz
HE’S BACK!!!!!
very nice vids
Yeah you're kinda back but until there's "Nintendo Switch - 5 Years In" that still doesn't really count
Scotts Best of 2022 uhh
Donkey Kong = A$$ Gorilla
the ressurection of christ
30:40 ey yoo nice mouth.. what it do tho ?
33:16 It’s the same thing with super Sonic in Sonic R and maybe Sonic the frightrs
And the death of Gerald Ford!
No Unsub
i just noticed something, in the battle theme, it starts off with the breakout motif, then slowly transitions into the new breakin song. showing how he has defeated donkey kong barrel blast, and a new era of scott the woz is here with season 6
That’s just a dogs ass!
Can confirm: Scotts next video will be "Best of Scott the Woz 2022" containing Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast, with bonus bongo content 😉
Is it true that this game causes people to have sex?
Incel?
He did it! 😀
Charge your Gameboy Scott
if scott the woz is so good, why isn't there a Scott the woz 2?
I’m so happy Scott is back
17:43
Now we just need Gex
Kong donk ey111
avatar guy looks like bill gates... in the 90's and early 2000s looking like him wouldnt be bad NOW IT IS BAD!!! in 2022!!!
Donkey Konga 4: Bongos Binted
I came for the funny video game comedy, I stayed for the master-class sociological analysis.
HE'S BACK!!
Cool
Babe, wake up, Our lord and saviour has uploaded.
This might be my favorite end stinger yet
The Virgin King is alive! 😍😍
Actually I kind of liked the game when I played it.... I guess I just like the characters, music and aesthetics so much to compensate everything else haha
I really like barrel blast 😹
I loved the game :(
Heeeeee's Baaaaaaaaaaack!!!! Worth the wait, happy tou see you Wozzy Boy 👦 1 million views in a few days just proves you can take a break to create better content and still retain your fan base.
Let's face it, we all clicked on this video to see Candy Kong
My goodness he is still a virgin
This episode isn’t going on Cartoon Network huh
2:45 is just project diva mega mix’s mix mode
He's aliveeeeeeee! He's aliveeeeeeee!
I'm so happy to hear hey y'all Scott here 😊
Finally!!!! The Woz has comeback to Youtube.
Is it me or is this video funnier than most of his?
I have to say it's rather ironic. I've gone through a lot recently, moved houses, applying for jobs, graduating highschool. None of it has really felt real. But after watching this and just seeing the shift in production quality from earlier videos and the outro song changing it really made me start reflecting on all that's changed in the last two months. It's just a sudden realization that everything has changed and will continue to change. It makes me a little sad but I can't wait to see what the future holds.
HES BACK OH MY FUCKING GOD
If we get a Creator Clash 2, we need Scott to box AVGN
14:33 NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Cool. See you in October.
FOUR MONTHS 😭
Make a video about bad sonic games
31:02 man this modern version of the scarlet letter is terrible. That’s why I’m giving it a 7.8/10 too many letters with the color red.
Only Scott can make you watch 38 minutes of barrel blast discussion.
HES BACK
Holy hell you raised the bar with this one. Everyone did a great job. Thank you for your work.
Why is the lore of this episode a bad JRPG story
The return of the king. Welcome back!
14:03 had me
17:33   100% the most upsetting part of this video.
The ending is UNBELIEVABLE XD XD XD
Omg it’s been so long
Donkey kong barrel blast released in japan on my 13th birthday. If there is any proof that I am the resurrection of christ, this is it.
I’m sorry was that a Whitt’s location for the flavor of the day?👀👀
Had one only read the title, one would know to blast through the barrels.
Lowkey bet Scott fucks tho
22:45 "But what is you took Dance Dance Revolution and remove the dance mat, remove the D-pad controls, and force you to waggle the wiimote in the direction it tells you?"  ....anyone else think of Just Dance when he said that?
Donkey Kong says trans rights
I WAS BORN IN 2007 IM SCARED NOW
Lets goooo SCOTTS BACK!!!
I’ve missed you Scott, welcome back ❤
I would like to make note that DK barrel blast came out on my birthday (June 28th), of course it was in Japan but it was still released
John 3:16 [16]For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  Luke 13:3 [3]I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.  John 14:6 [6]Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.  Matthew 18:11  For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.  John 8:12 [12]Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.   Matthew 4:17  From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.  Romans 10:9  That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  Romans 10:13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.   Luke 6:27-38 But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you,  6:28 Bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you.  6:29 And unto him that smiteth thee on the one cheek offer also the other; and him that taketh away thy cloak forbid not to take thy coat also.  6:30 Give to every man that asketh of thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again.  6:31 And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.  6:32 For if ye love them which love you, what thank have ye? for sinners also love those that love them.  6:33 And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same.  6:34 And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again.  6:35 But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.  6:36 Be ye therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful.  6:37 Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned: forgive, and ye shall be forgiven:  6:38 Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again.   Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.  2 Chronicles 7:14 If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.  Matthew 5:2-12 King James Version 2 And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying, 3 Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. 4 Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted. 5 Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth. 6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled. 7 Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy. 8 Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God. 9 Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God. 10 Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. 11 Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. 12 Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.  Matthew 24:4-14  And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you. 24:5 For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. 24:6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. 24:7 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. 24:8 All these are the beginning of sorrows. 24:9 Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake. 24:10 And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another. 24:11 And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many. 24:12 And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. 24:13 But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved. 24:14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.   Exodus 20 King James Version 20 And God spake all these words, saying,  2 I am the Lord thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.  3 Thou shalt have no other gods before me.  4 Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth.  5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;  6 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments.  7 Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain; for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.  8 Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.  9 Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work:  10 But the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates:  11 For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.  12 Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.  13 Thou shalt not kill.  14 Thou shalt not commit adultery.  15 Thou shalt not steal.  16 Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.  17 Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbour's.    ..,..,..,.., ........ ........ .,.,,.,.
John 3:16 [16]For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.  Luke 13:3 [3]I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.  John 14:6 [6]Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.  Matthew 18:11  For the Son of man is come to save that which was lost.  John 8:12 [12]Then spake Jesus again unto them, saying, I am the light of the world: he that followeth me shall not walk in darkness, but shall have the light of life.   Matthew 4:17  From that time Jesus began to preach, and to say, Repent: for the kingdom of heaven is at hand.  Romans 10:9  That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  Romans 10:13 For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.   Luke 6:27-38 But I say unto you which hear, Love your enemies, do good to them which hate you,  6:28 Bless them that curse you, and pray for them which despitefully use you.  6:29 And unto him that smiteth thee on the one cheek offer also the other; and him that taketh away thy cloak forbid not to take thy coat also.  6:30 Give to every man that asketh of thee; and of him that taketh away thy goods ask them not again.  6:31 And as ye would that men should do to you, do ye also to them likewise.  6:32 For if ye love them which love you, what thank have ye? for sinners also love those that love them.  6:33 And if ye do good to them which do good to you, what thank have ye? for sinners also do even the same.  6:34 And if ye lend to them of whom ye hope to receive, what thank have ye? for sinners also lend to sinners, to receive as much again.  6:35 But love ye your enemies, and do good, and lend, hoping for nothing again; and your reward shall be great, and ye shall be the children of the Highest: for he is kind unto the unthankful and to the evil.  6:36 Be ye therefore merciful, as your Father also is merciful.  6:37 Judge not, and ye shall not be judged: condemn not, and ye shall not be condemned: forgive, and ye shall be forgiven:  6:38 Give, and it shall be given unto you; good measure, pressed down, and shaken together, and running over, shall men give into your bosom. For with the same measure that ye mete withal it shall be measured to you again.   Ephesians 2:8-9 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: Not of works, lest any man should boast.  2 Chronicles 7:14 If my people, which are called by my name, shall humble themselves, and pray, and seek my face, and turn from their wicked ways; then will I hear from heaven, and will forgive their sin, and will heal their land.  Matthew 5:2-12 King James Version 2 And he opened his mouth, and taught them, saying, 3 Blessed are the poor in spirit: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. 4 Blessed are they that mourn: for they shall be comforted. 5 Blessed are the meek: for they shall inherit the earth. 6 Blessed are they which do hunger and thirst after righteousness: for they shall be filled. 7 Blessed are the merciful: for they shall obtain mercy. 8 Blessed are the pure in heart: for they shall see God. 9 Blessed are the peacemakers: for they shall be called the children of God. 10 Blessed are they which are persecuted for righteousness' sake: for theirs is the kingdom of heaven. 11 Blessed are ye, when men shall revile you, and persecute you, and shall say all manner of evil against you falsely, for my sake. 12 Rejoice, and be exceeding glad: for great is your reward in heaven: for so persecuted they the prophets which were before you.  Matthew 24:4-14  And Jesus answered and said unto them, Take heed that no man deceive you. 24:5 For many shall come in my name, saying, I am Christ; and shall deceive many. 24:6 And ye shall hear of wars and rumours of wars: see that ye be not troubled: for all these things must come to pass, but the end is not yet. 24:7 For nation shall rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom: and there shall be famines, and pestilences, and earthquakes, in divers places. 24:8 All these are the beginning of sorrows. 24:9 Then shall they deliver you up to be afflicted, and shall kill you: and ye shall be hated of all nations for my name's sake. 24:10 And then shall many be offended, and shall betray one another, and shall hate one another. 24:11 And many false prophets shall rise, and shall deceive many. 24:12 And because iniquity shall abound, the love of many shall wax cold. 24:13 But he that shall endure unto the end, the same shall be saved. 24:14 And this gospel of the kingdom shall be preached in all the world for a witness unto all nations; and then shall the end come.   Exodus 20 King James Version 20 And God spake all these words, saying,  2 I am the Lord thy God, which have brought thee out of the land of Egypt, out of the house of bondage.  3 Thou shalt have no other gods before me.  4 Thou shalt not make unto thee any graven image, or any likeness of any thing that is in heaven above, or that is in the earth beneath, or that is in the water under the earth.  5 Thou shalt not bow down thyself to them, nor serve them: for I the Lord thy God am a jealous God, visiting the iniquity of the fathers upon the children unto the third and fourth generation of them that hate me;  6 And shewing mercy unto thousands of them that love me, and keep my commandments.  7 Thou shalt not take the name of the Lord thy God in vain; for the Lord will not hold him guiltless that taketh his name in vain.  8 Remember the sabbath day, to keep it holy.  9 Six days shalt thou labour, and do all thy work:  10 But the seventh day is the sabbath of the Lord thy God: in it thou shalt not do any work, thou, nor thy son, nor thy daughter, thy manservant, nor thy maidservant, nor thy cattle, nor thy stranger that is within thy gates:  11 For in six days the Lord made heaven and earth, the sea, and all that in them is, and rested the seventh day: wherefore the Lord blessed the sabbath day, and hallowed it.  12 Honour thy father and thy mother: that thy days may be long upon the land which the Lord thy God giveth thee.  13 Thou shalt not kill.  14 Thou shalt not commit adultery.  15 Thou shalt not steal.  16 Thou shalt not bear false witness against thy neighbour.  17 Thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's house, thou shalt not covet thy neighbour's wife, nor his manservant, nor his maidservant, nor his ox, nor his ass, nor any thing that is thy neighbour's.    ..,..,..,.., ........ ........ .,.,,.,.
That sex tape joke crakcked me up
This video helped me get through Covid :)
The sheer virginity and abstinence here was too much for my system to take all at once.
where would we be without the woz. You're something else man.
Oh hey, it’s my less handsome YouTuber doppelgänger.
30:42 I hate it when you finish recording and your Rex Moe's didn't finish the full line and you have to record again but cut out the mouth and put it on original Rex Moe's mouth. It's such a pain
Did you make that cave set?
I genuinely loved Barrel Blast
YOU'RE BACK!!!
Welcome back
Okay but that scarlet letter joke is actually peak comedy
Scott Asexual Arch?
Unpopular opinion: I always skip the live action skits Scott does with other people. I just don't find them that funny and the people he invites are usually pretty cringe.
Love to have you back. Hope everything is going well for you and your friends Scott.
Love the new Outro Theme! Can't wait to hear more of it in the future!
Kendrick and Scott dropping in the same week is no coincidence.
Glad to see that Scott is voicing his support for the DKBB+ community
33:45 that spongebob music lmao
He's back
Does... does he know what asexuality is?
The Return Of The King
20:11 honestly killed me, Scott's comedic timing is incredible X'D
I was liking the video already, but the ending made it all so much better still
Speaking as a professional virgin myself he went a little too far on it
30:42
That outro SLAPS...
How dare you call Conker "JuSt A bUiLd A bEaR"
I've been waiting so long. I've sold all of my possessions for you scott.
Best metaphor ever
He's not dead?
Anyone else waiting for Scott to do a “Nintendo Switch 5 years in video”?
thats great to hear duke! we should all like ourselves
I can’t tell if the red A is a reference to the Scarlett Letter or not. For context it’s a story where a woman has to wear a scarlet A cuz of adultery.
Jeez, the ending of the video actually hold so much value and truth. Being a metaphore for intolerance, slut shaming, the incel community and the pressure to have sex when you're a young adult. Well done!
Subscribed.
i love ya scott
i went to the zoo to start ogling monkeys and got sent to jail for sexual harassment and animal cruelty smh
17:33   that handshake=)
Yes so creative
Omg omg omg! A new Scott The Woz episode! I'm friggin pumped
The twilight princess and how it released is almost exactly how breath of the wild was released it’s almost like Nintendo did that on purpose…
The best part about this is that I started having a nosebleed right as the "go f*ck" challenge came on screen lmaooooo
bruh Scott looks 40 now
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
'He f*cked?'
I love his rant. Lmao
I normally like scott but this videos jokes were absolutely terrible
Have sex every time Scott says "Donkey Kong."
He's baaaack!
Been awhile
0:26 why everybody who plays Donkey kong barrel blast absolutely fuuuuucks
So happy you are back! You have been missed friend, cant wait for more!
16:21 Not Sex 'N' Harmony is like the weird sequel to Bone Thugs-N-Harmony
27:24  Quacks are a serious issue, please see a doctor
King has returned
30:41 Did they edit his mouth on or am I crazy?
Welcome back to pause that frame times, just in today Nintendo stopped making good choices!
This would make for a great smoking/drinking game. Just take a hit or do a shot everytime they mention not having sex.
He's back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Welcome back Scott!!
I heard u need a virgin?
6:08. did... did scott just remove the cartridge while the system was on?
I didn't even know DK3 existed
And when the world needed him most, he reappeared
The Game Cube was a weird era.
0:57 eso tilín reference
"As long as they are not hurting others or themselves, what gives me the right to want them to conform to what I am?"  -Scott The Woz
tom holand and bill gates had a baby
donky konga was shit
Welcome back, Sir Meme Lord!
Look at Rex's lips at 30:41
Scott’s dad got an iPhone halfway through the video
Why is the audio for the game pitched weird
Hey Scott you forgot to mention that in donkey Kong country the donkey Kong in that game is actually Junior and kranky Kong is the original donkey Kong
Scott is internet funny man and has gotten me through 2020 and 2021 and doesn't disappoint this year thank you sir
Scott the Woz is cannonically Schizophrenic
man....i hope that one day we get a full fledged Diddy Kong Racing remake and expansion. i love that game so much
Why is one of the most epic final battles ever in a fucking scottthewoz video
"You can do a ton of things with these bongos...they are all donkey konga based!"  *Dark Souls has entered the chat*
Oh shit, my favorite virgin! Welcome back, King!
Can they make a new Diddy Kong Racing? For real I loved that game! It was like an adventure game with racing! Love it 😀
HE BACK
I LOVE THE END SONG!
THE RETURN OF THE KING!
With emulation you can actually use dk bongos
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast was the game I would play on my hacked wii when I was bored (and wanted to throw my through my window) and also did i mention that I am a virgin
HE'S BACK GUYS
One of the best channels
...... I wouldn't of pegged virginity to be the main focus of a Donkey Kong review 😂
31:57 How is this thing in a Nintendo game???
What Alliance Did He Betray On The 22nd
All hail our Virgin Overlord
Damn, seeing a new intro is sad and exciting at the same time, also has scott ever replied to a comment?? If not let's make this a first
AB from h3 podcast should watch this.
I love the skits
The constant Sex comparison throughout the video is just so tiring!
Something tells me that Scott lost his virginity this break.
Finally a new video :)
You forgot the switch 5 years in video
huh, he finally did it.
07:30 Dude, the newspaper is called "The Pause that Frame Times"
I would've loved seeing a mention of the Mario Vs Donkey Kong series. I used to play the gameboy advance game all the time as a kid. For a puzzle game it really kept my attention.
I love that you're back, but the old outro music was better.
I played the game cube twilight princess
Sonic 06 is a good game, and is highly underrated
Jump man wasn't mario, he was Mario's  father,  Nintendo power said so
30:42 why the fuck is his mouth edited
good to see ya again
Did not expect Scotts sex jokes to reach their apex on a Barrel Blast video.
Mario Jumpman “Super” Mario and his brother, Luigi Mario “Green” Mario are the best named characters ever
Rex is a boss, dude is funny AF.
Return of the King
33:13 I like how he sounds genuinely horrified.
In the hospital rn scott always makes me forget abt the pain for a few short mins then again I’m high as a fuckin kite but still he makes me feel better
Welcome back king 🤴
monke
This game was ass's 😂😂😂
😂😂😂😂😂
Shout out to Lemmy tires, best tire
“I like -spelunking- Spelunky now! …it’s either this or misanthropy.” *this and misanthropy
too meny sex jokes
Welcome back my friend! I was getting tired of rewatching the older videos.. hahaha
As a kid, I actually loved JungleBeat despite the fact that my parents never got the bongos.
Normally I don't mind the skits but honestly I feel they outstayed their welcome here and felt like needless padding in an attempt to stall talking about the game. Hopefully you'll consider dialing them back for future videos.
Why does Scott's hair look like nero from devil may cry 5
I love Microsoft has bought almost all of the game studios that appear in this video
It’s so absolutely wonderful to see how far you’ve come, Scott— The new outro tune is a beautiful send off to Break Out and I hope to see more soon, welcome back!  (I’m only just now realizing I haven’t been subscribed to you throughout all the years I’ve viewed the channel? tf? I swear I’ve gotten notifications before.)
I didn't understand the premise at all
He's back!
Im going to rob scotts home of his Donket Kong: Barrel Blast collection
that new outro music threw me off but it better
that last scene, god the music going from breakout to break in was whiplash I was not ready for. still can't really process breakout is gone, was sure the song would go public domain before being laid to rest. maybe episode 250 can be about 3D Dot Game Heroes idk
Your baaaaack!!!!!
eh this sex virginity schtick they tried to tie into this game got so same old quick.
hahah fuck do you always crack me up
".... Is this what the gun is for?"  Lol the delivery on that was perfect.
The return of the king
35:48 for all those that don’t have DK Barrel Blast in their lives
Scott fantastic video! Virgin or not! Glad to see you're back! Did anyone else get AVGN vibes towards the end when he "fought" the curse???
Hi algorithm recommend this video
Wake up, babe. Scott the Woz is back.
This is the most fucking video ever
R E T U R N  O F  T H E  K I N G
Does anyone else want to see Scott remake the video of him eating cereal and upload it to ph?
What’s Scott planning on may 22nd? 🤔
Guess who’s back, back again Scotty’s back tell a friend
He lives!
dude really missed Nintendo switch 5 years in
Dear lord... The Ultimate Virgin has come back to save us all from S*X
SCOTT IS BACK!!!
half a year with no scott the woz, im starving
0:32 False, the only person known and comfirmed to be born without a virginity is MoistCr1tikal himself the Savior of the internet Charlie white jr. Christ.
I wanted this game so badly for no reason as a kid. When I got it for Christmas that year it came with a custom cover art from my dad that he drew. It so funny because now I can never throw it away.
Mario Kart Wii: Introduces Wii Steering Wheel Donkey Kong B*rrel Bl*st: Stops support for the Bongos Sonic Riders Zero Gravity: Control Gravity by tilting, pointing in direction of the turn, or just plugging in the gamecube controller
HES BACK
ui want u
Forgot how much I missed hearing abstinence
Return of the king
This was an interesting starting point for me
Wow I just realized how many videos donkey kong (censored) (censored) was in.
No wait you can only get so much bitches don’t!
30:43 was Mose's mouth edited?
It's still wild that Twilight Princess was *better* on GCN than Wii.
Highlight of my day
I wasn’t expecting the character development of jebjab being a whore but I’m here for it
OMG HE IS ALIVE
We haven't see him until 4 months dang that's long
Woah he's still alive... been seems like an eternity since the last upload.
He’s BACKKK BABY
Thank you
Just Realized This Guy Looks A lot Like Tom Holland
Finally a new Scott the Woz video
as a barrel blaster I pray you save us Woz
scottity scotty is back at doing scottities
16:18 no bitches?
hey scott how's it going
“Guys it’s not Donkey Kong racing, it’s Earl!” I lost it, Scott sent me
Its called creativity not plagarism. People be brainwashed by corporate bullshit it seems.
3:02 LOL
Let’s go
I love how he could have easily done the fight against the game joke you see in most reviews hell even got it animated but instead it just showed the creature and flash cut to the ending
Well, that tears it. I'm going to track down my ex from high school, and I'm going to get my virginity BACK!
Kalypso is the Waluigi of Donkey Kong. Created to be a counterpart to another character and fill space on the roster, but deserves so much more.
THE KING RETURNS
Interestingly, the DK bongos are compatible with the Wii Smash Bros for Donkey Kong's Final Smash which few people know
bad choice, making fun of diddy kong racing. -1 sub. good luck take care.
hi scot
The ending theme tho!!!!
3 f-bombs in the first 10 minutes  That’s gotta be a record!
Okay, and get this: he throws the game in the toilet and says "this game stinks." My brother in christ that is the funniest shit ever
asexual pride ❤️
Yo when did Bill Gates go back in time and start doing game reviews??
Holy fuck this was painfully bad
hes back!
I fucking loved this game when I was a young one
these sets are absolutely incredible, its insane how far scott has come
Thanks for the biopic
HE RETURNS! I've missed this level of quality in YouTube videos, keeping making great videos Scott :D
Will you make a video for switch 5 years In
Mandatory order of clicks on new Scott The Woz videos: 1) Like, 2) Play
HE'S BACK!!
Welcome back Scott. It's good to have you. Was hoping you would use the time off to hire a community college theatre student or two that has some semblance of acting training to finally replace your friends, or maybe a halfway decent microphone that doesn't blow my ears out when said friend invariably shouts into it...but I suppose it's just part of your charm at this point. At least that's what I keep telling myself. Keep em coming buddy. YouTube isn't the same without you.
Did Scott just give us a sex ed class? 🤔
Let's gooooo
I’m sorry  Was Donkey Kong Barrel Blast suppose to be an allegory for sex this whole time?
"You can tell how well it did by all the sequels it got" That stung bad.
I forgot how much I loved Scott’s videos. I feel like I laughed the whole time
He's back???  *He's BACK* !!!!!
I cried when I saw the YouTube notification. YES, THANK YOU FOR COMING BACK!!!!
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
I'll have you know, i was actually born the same day as it's mr.pants's release
The return of the king
Scott: "These are all just Build-A-Bears!" Conker (on the far left): *Oh, you don't even know the half of it.*
Scott the Woz normally: Most of the video. Scott the Woz when Mom walks in: 32:42
Watching this while I take my exam, let’s hope I pass
King of swing is the best DK game
little halftime groove in the new outro theme hits so hard 😩
Coming from the chibirobo episode I must say I’m disappointed we’re still here thought we had character development
HE’S RETURNED
What ever happened to Donkey Kong Jr in the end?
Yees.
I really wish that leak that happened at Nintendo not too long ago had included an old build of this game from when it still supported the bongos. To this day I've never played it because I refuse to play it without the intended control scheme. But nooooooo, "Bongo players have an unfair advantage over waggle players! Can't make the new gimmick look worse than the old one!" - Some executive.
yes
25:20 "Is this what the gun was for?" 😂😂🤣🤣
Only with Scott the Woz can you have a review of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast that's also a commentary on virginity.
Is barrel blast a metaphor for porn?
ending monologue reminded me of the "if she doesnt want tea video"
If this ain't Ace rep, I don't know what is
When the world needed him most, well, he wasn't here, but he's here now, so I guess that counts for something,
I have to admit, not having a "Switch, 5 Years In" video this year is blue balling me.
Return of the king!
Thank god Scott is back
He's starting to look like more and more like Bill Gates
So no Nintendo 5 years?
DIDDY KONG RACING ISS KING!!!
YOU'RE BACK!!!!!!
Holy shit hes alive
Holy sh*t you can show this on youtube?!
This whole episode had such Asexual vibes
Hello, Love to you all. Repent and believe the gospel, that our Lord and savior Jesus Christ was God, who came to us as a human being over 2000 years ago, that he lived the perfect life we can’t, died on the cross and shed his blood for all of our sins, and was resurrected 3 days later, by the power of God. Simply believe this, and be forgiven and saved from Gods judgement.  By grace through faith in our Lord, you are saved, and there is nothing you can do to earn his favor. God wants to give you the free gift of eternal life to all those who'd believe in his sons sacrifice for salvation! He will then give you his Holy Spirit to help walk and guide you in all his ways, get baptized as well afterwards. Please read the new testament to get more info about Jesus Christ.  The Lord Jesus Christ bless you all
The king has returned
Thank you Scott! My two children can grow up in a safer world!
Barrel Blast should have been an arcade game
Been too long!  Good to see ya back!
HES BAAAACCCKKK
Are you going to the weird Knock off Five Nights at Freddys Amusement park next year in Ohio? Please let us know
4:26 Massive fucking DONG
if not sex why not gex?
Next outro breakthru   Haha jokes😐
I missed you 🫂
Trying different copies is a dumb joke that’s only relevant to cartridges. Disc based games save on cards and shit. And then digital. Don’t you dare try to defend this joke ahahaha
Is this Scott at his most unhinged?
Is that the god damm Scarlet Letter
8:35 has got to be one of your top 10 funniest lines of all time
OUR GOD IS BACK
Scott I'm so glad you're back
Thats a good cave set
Can you do a video on the 1983 game crash or the history of Atari 😮‍💨
Scott is so funny man
20:10🤣🤣🤣
Let's be real here, the true saving grace of this game is Kalypso
Bongos and Congas are both drums. I think the intention was these being Congas bc they’re the same size…  Edit: bongos has two different sized drums
Konky dong
I get that you're trying to be funny, but an elongated intro about... virginity?... has nothing to do with the game, or gaming at all. If you're going to attempt humor, at least put it in the context of the video's subject matter.
RIP Breakout…
So funny
I remember watching Acai play what was probably Clone Hero using the Konga Bongos as a controller. There weren't enough physical inputs so he bound the microphone for the clap to the last colour and ended up yelling every time he needed to use it.
scott finally did the impossible just what we expect from our virgin king.
i refuse to believe scott is a virgin
I like the part where I was confused during the entire video.
My boy is back
back like he never left <3
Oh my god a new Scott The Woz video o.0
he is alive!
23:40
ok people are very critical to nintendo for the whole microsoft acquisition, and yeah even I admit they took the studio for granted, but it's not like Rare was that smart either, in all their microsoft tenure name one game that have come close to the sucess they have gotten during their nintendo years, microsoft is sitting on a treasure trove of IP and they don't use it, heck, nintendo treated Banjo-kazooie with more dignity in smash bros ultimate, so let's just say in this intance all 3 parties involved were colossal idiots. But given that Nintendo is doing just fine with their other studios, and Microsoft also doing fine with their other studios at the end of the day the one who made the stupidest decision was indeed Rare.
the curse monster is well animated.
Man have some dignity This virgin joke is played out as fuck
Idk if you watch wrestling, but I wanna see you review wrestling games
dammit they changed the outro
How dare you take a 5/6 month vacation.
That climax was perfect!
3:58.....wait, THERE WAS A DONKEY KONG 3!? I'm a 32 year old nintendo fan and I had never heard of this.
STOP MAKEING THE HINT ON VIDS
no freaking way is he back
Incredible as always
I fucking love how you ended the video ❤️❤️❤️
when he sits down with out pants.... I'm dead hahahahahah 😂😂😂
During the calendar scene, May 22 says “Betray the alliance,” whatever that means.
Ugh scott the wozz has officially turned into a youtube tryhard. Cringe
Barrel Blast will always be my favourite euphemism for sex
You seem a little preoccupied with something my boy 😂
I knew Barrel Blast was on par with shovelware
This is should not have the same score as sonic fucking 06. At least it’s play able
You gotta grow up a little, man.
I LOVE WIZPIG!!!!!!
I'm going to miss the old outro theme but this new is just as good.
Been waiting for you, King. 💖
The Wii Version of Jungle beat was waaayyyy better than the GC version
He looks like Waldo from Little Rascals.
The king of Stupid Nitendo games has returned!
Am I the only person that wants to get this game now 🤔
Is Scott immortal?? He hasn't aged at all
Donkey Kong Country Returns has the most nostalgic theme of any Nintendo game. You can tell because it makes you think of Donkey Kong Country Returns!
Not a fan of your skits I like it when you just review the game without skits. Making everything about virginity is also kind of lame we get it gamers don't have sex stereotype.
And when the world needed him most...
Would you believe me if I said that I thought Barrel Blast would be a good game solely from seeing how much Scott memed on it? That I thought this would be a Gex situation?
great drinking game take a shot every time he says donkey kong or dk
I completed Barrel Blast. No regrets
Wonder why the game couldn’t be Barrel Blast in Europe
this episode is really good :D I LOVE THIS SHIT
I like how at 16:44 the door is taken off the hinge for a bit and at 16:50 it's put back on
7:30 I appreciate the newspaper title “The Pause That Frame Times”, haha
i've at least heard of most of these DK spin-offs so it's nice to finally know more about them!
Hey is this the guy that owns sonic jam?
Glad to see you back Scott
Scott is back!
Scott you could’ve just listened to Weezer
Thank god he’s back!!!
This is my first video of Scott the woz I watched  .. suffice to say I was NOT expecting if to be this
YOOOO
Don't know how I managed it, but I didn't have sex while watching this video
This reminds me that the Kremlings haven’t made an appearance for a long time now asides from King K Rool in smash, which I hope facilitates their future return.
The improvs in these videos are so painfully bad! I wish Scott would stop doing them. They’re literally awful.
I like the new outro music
20:12 golden globe award nominated
why does scott have a XC2 controler?
Well well well look who decided to come crawling back
I played the game many years ago on the Wii and tbh, it wasn't THAT bad. Yes, the controls were stupid, but when you got used to it, the game itself was fun. Definitely not a great game, but for what it was, it was alright. I wish there was another proper DK racing spin-off, Diddy Kong's Racing is amazing!
Great to have you back, Scott.
I mean people say Nintendo made a mistake not buying Rare, but then Rare made fu*k all after the buyout. They just really lucked out with the staff they had during those Nintendo days. It was never about Rare as a company itself.
The whole virgin abs sex allegory was just kinda cringe for me this vid but happy to see an upload
POV: Dad comes back with the milk
Me at Borderline Forever: "Virgin jokes are bad." Scott demonstrating his point that if you're going to have a bit, you're better off committing to it completely:
The music at the end of the episode reminds me of "The weight of the world" from Nier Automata
SCOTTS BACK!!! Day 👏🏼made👏🏼
Please so less comedy parts it's seriously ruined every video
Welcome back
37:38 Don’t think I didn’t hear that leitmotif
so did we get DK pass from barrel blast?
Way to use the misanthropy!
I'm happy that he's got a boom now
my boy... i think you've finally gone off the deep end
i may miss the old outro song, but the new song is such a bop. welcome back
Make a video about Crash BASH plis 💙
Nice 🙂
Why does it take so long to get to the game? And why so obsessed with the bongo controller, its just so confusing?
Glad to have you back
clibhouse give us a review
Your videos are always absolute amazing Scott :D
THE MAN IS BACK
Someone's got to say it...  Cranky's Flight School matters.
Thanks Scott
Hey! Glad you're back. Hope you're well. Thanks a lot for the video. Keep it up!
And this is the end of your Ted talk
I actually had it (and still have it) on my Wii, finished it 100%... kinda fun actually, if you dont mind the pain in ur hand after smacking and swinging the wii remotes in 99999 Hz frequency. I like its system actually and i started playing it in age 15... im now 18 AND STILL VIRGIN
Scott is my favorite virgin
gentle giant
That's kind of a sweet message you guys have got there at the end. :)
Wait, Scott is a man now?
All of these sex jokes are really out of place, forced and unfunny.
All hail a geek that makes videos on Crash Bandicoot's crotch.
Welcome back Scott!
Hey man, it's good yo have you back.
damn, my boy didnt mention the gameboy donkey kong game that basically made the first donkey kong game even better
Lol I’m a 👽 sex is weird I just experienced it, but go virgin, find the truth.
We should buy Scott the rights to the break out music
I'm convinced Scott is ace, and I'm here for it. Even if he's just a no-sex poser, I'm still here for it :)
name of ending music is hyper potions borderline forever
This video is unblocked at my school even with this clip 17:41 somehow
Break into your TV'S!
scott really sprayed his junk with raid just for a video. respect
Absolute banger. Welcome back.
Barrel Blast was lit tho cmon
I completely forgot about Jungle Climber until today. I swear it must’ve been erased the reintroduced to the world
Diddy Kong Racing may be superior in every way to Mario Kart 64, but I'll never know, because I had parents who loved me.
This has got to be my favourite episode yet
Hey you all
We seriously need some new Neo Geo videos on YouTube Neo Geo AES to be precise. Hardly any good neogeo content at all.
now we just need the l button viedo
HE BACK!!!
I've never played barrel blast, but I've lost my virginity. How is this possible?
Scott. you didn't just break a TV for a one second gag, did you?
Damm  The outro changed Imm stunned
This fucking sucks. Talk about games. No one cares about skits
Best Youtuber?
Hurray he’s back!
Scott the Woz Returns! Welcome back guy's.
He's...back!?
Is this a house or apartment
hey would you fight AVGN in Creator Clash 2?
Finally
RIP breakout music
Does this mean Scott the Woz is canonically asexual?
I would like to state that my absolute favorite donkey kong game of all time is DK: King of Swing. This aggression shall not stand
its been so long i thought he was dead
That thumbnail has better makeup than Amber's photos
6:09  Of course. My favourite scene here
30:41 what's with the dude's mouth lmao
Donkeykong 64 characters are in this game, so i loved this game as a child😅
funnily enough, I remember playing banjo pilot
THE KING IS BACK
So this is the end of Video Game OST's being used huh? Sad.
Wait you’re alive
He came back after 4 months like nothing ever happened
I've missed you Scott!
"That Nintendo let Microsoft in to buy Rare says to me that Nintendo didn't value them as much as we think they did"  I think you're maybe being a bit too kind to 90's and 00's Nintendo a little. Them just fucking up due to being way too insular is incredibly plausible. and Rare's purchase was the wake up call. They underestimated Microsoft just as they had Sony.  Because afaik nothing like that has ever happened since.
!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the long awaited scott the woz video was worth it
What the hell even was this video? XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD
Finally! Yessss! Also, "he fucked..."  Classic
Diddy Kong Racing is mechanically better than Mario Kart. It takes out a lot of the random bullshit of Mario Kart.
The curse of the Barrel Blast
WE WANT BREAKOUT BACK!
Instructions unclear, started a harem.
Babe wake up Scott posted
He's alive... Well, I Lost that bet
Scotts lookin alot like ANDY DICK lately.
Scott has leaned so hard into the virgin jokes its wild
I assume there will be no 5 years in?
I actually really enjoyed Jungle Climber...
He’s back boy’s
HES FUCKING BACK LETS FUCKING GET IT HOLY SHIT AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
No offense, but mix the audio better.  The highs and lows are all over the damned place.
Thank you for the censoring at 15:19, now this video can be rated E for everyone.
The king is back
return of the qing (dynasty)
can someone please explain why Rex's mouth moves separately from his face at 30:41 Like, what issue in editing came up where Scott had to use a separate take for his mouth and his face?
Finally...someone who can beat the CEO of sex
Wait scotts alive?
HES BACK
Babe, wake up... Scott the woz uploaded a new video.
I know one other game where you play as someone other than the character in the title Scott. The legend of Zelda
great video, but i miss the old outro
The return of the king
It was definitley worth the wait
Wtf you didn't mention the donkey Kong vs Mario titles!
Ayo new outro music?
I'm already 5 minutes in and the only thing I heard was the phrase "Donkey Kong", "Donkey Kong" phrase compilation requested please!
With the virgin powers vested in him he beat the game with flying colors
Let's go
A brand new season of the Scot the Woz show, new outro music included
Holy shit the audio balancing in this is TERRIBLE LOL Good video tho.
Regardless of how Scott feels about this game, I found it to be great and enjoyable. I spent hours playing it getting better combos, finding secret pathways, and trying different characters to see what playstyle I preferred. Sure the game doesnt have online or much to do after you beat the tracks and unlock all the characters, but that didnt stop me from enjoying it. Did it get boring after a while? Yeah. Were the courses lackluster and mostly the same? Yeah. But I didnt care, it was fun. Try it for yourself if you can get a copy. Yeah this is my opinion and Scott has his, but don't make your own from another just because someone else has expressed theirs.
Well worth the wait, good vid Ohio boys
12:19 definitely feels like an "only Nintendo" moment.
"... and Donkey Kong 3 killed the Franchise, just like any Donkey Kong 3 would" nailed it XD
Mega grindsets
You're alive!
Guess we can finally take Scott off the milk carton. Missing : skinny white guy, last seen at burger king wearing a Toledo jacket.
8:36 is scott actually gay?
i clocked out of my coma for this and i only have 30 minutes, scott knew this
I think Donkey Kong 94 was the best one
Scott finally spent all that G4 money? Just went out for a pack of smokes. Just like my real dad and my stepdad and new dad and new new dad.
THE MAN IS BACK
Welcome back virgin king
Friendly reminder the intro didn't say anything about children not existing and not playing this...
Yay! Scott's back!!
THIS. VIDEO. WAS. ****CKING. *EPIC*
Glad to have you back scott. We missed you man.
After Donkey Kong 64, Jungle Beat was the only decently made game for a while. You look at King of Swing or Barrel Blast and just wonder, "Why?". Fortunately, Country Returns would come along to blow our expectations out of the water. Now that's a new entry!
Nobody talking about at 30:40 where Rex's mouth is edited onto his face??
I love how this turned into a genuine message about  societal expectations of secuality
im gonna miss breakout
Welcome back
What’s the deal with the innuendo joke in the video? I know it’s kinda your thing but it got old and obnoxious
Wow I love discovering new youtubers. Hope he makes it big someday
Scott the woz is falling off
I kinda hope yakuza is the next review
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
I love your content! 10 years later I love your content!
This is pretty subtle, but at 37:37 you can hear Breakout, the music used in his old outro, and then it transitions into his new outro music, which he named "Break In" (the name is written in the description)
This guy FUCKS………LITERALLY.
Thought it was "an honor to be working with G4TV". I'm not sure if I'm glad to have him back. Conspiring with the enemy.....
10000th comment
Let’s gooo!!!!! It’s the return of the virgin king!!!!
scott i fucking love you man, welcome back!
10
With both chibi robo and barrel blast done all that’s left is flingsmash
Thank you for making a video on the worst threat to virginity everywhere
0:20 - so, YouTuber then???
17:35 there goes another clip for the 'Scott The Woz out of context' videos
Good job
This dude finds the best outro music🔥🔥🔥
Gotta love how Rex magically fixed the door at 16:50 literally 5 seconds after breaking it
Scott! It has been so long since you posted your last video
Ah , it feels right to have him back.
28:44 I love how his dad supposedly felt the need to text him about special items at 3:22 in the morning
Wooow I never knew this game was that bad. This is astounding
I feel like no one seems to know that expert mode is pretty much the 150cc of the game.
I remember staying up on Christmas eve with my brother watching the Christmas special joking at the end "ha what if he just made a whole episode about barrel blast"... And the crazy king if the white boys himself did it
Why Scott look 100 years old 👀
I think this game is what Mario Kart Wii could’ve been and that scares me.
he’s back! Ahhhhhhhhh!!!!! 😊 *happy noses*
Finally the man’s here
What was the point of getting a TV show
Scott legit why did you make this like are you a sex activist now?
We're u been
Well worth the wait
Ironically I did loose my virginity in 2007. Coincidence?
He did he won against not virgin
Congrats on trending
LETS GO HES BACK
Time is short   To the one who has ears to hear, let him hear this message   Don’t play games with you’re soul Jesus loves you so much as you can see from what’s going on in the world things have changed and you probably wonder at times if things will Ever go back to normal ?   the answer to that question is no. God is allowing you to see just how evil this world is and you’ve seen so much that should make you think and ask yourself is God speaking to me ? Is God warning me ? yes he is and God will judge this world but God is patient with you and with all Not wanting any to perish but all to be saved   Today and even now is time of salvation make the best decision you can make in this world and give you’re life and you’re heart to Jesus Christ and accept Jesus as you’re Lord and Saviour doing so while understanding this fact that eternity is forever with no end And no such thing as time in eternity    God loves you so much God doesn’t force you to accept him but they are consequences for rejecting the forgiveness that God offers to you through Jesus who died for you as a sacrifice for you’re sins   God wants to forgive you and save you but you need to stop running away from God the bible says all have sinned and are guilty before God but loves us so much that he made a way for us to be saved   the judgement of God is near with all that’s happening in the world the earthquakes the volcanoes the vaccines it’s obvious that something is going on and you need to get right with God because you’re sins separate you from God. God doesn’t want you to Go to hell which Is why Jesus died for you In you’re place paying the price for you’re sins   receive the forgiveness of God in Christ Jesus today   John 3  For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.  Whoever believes and has decided to trust in Him [as personal Savior and Lord] is not judged [for this one, there is no judgment, no rejection, no condemnation]; but the one who does not believe [and has decided to reject Him as personal Savior and Lord] is judged already [that one has been convicted and sentenced], because he has not believed and trusted in the name of the [One and] only begotten Son of God [the One who is truly unique, the only One of His kind, the One who alone can save him].   This is the judgment [that is, the cause for indictment, the test by which people are judged, the basis for the sentence]: the Light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil. For every wrongdoer hates the Light, and does not come to the Light [but shrinks from it] for fear that his [sinful, worthless] activities will be exposed and condemned  . But whoever practices truth [and does what is right—morally, ethically, spiritually] comes to the Light, so that his works may be plainly shown to be what they are—accomplished in God [divinely prompted, done with God’s help, in dependence on Him].”” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16, 18-21‬ ‭  For the wages which sin pays is death, but the [bountiful] free gift of God is eternal life through (in union with) Jesus Christ our Lord.” ‭‭Romans 6.23  2 Peter3   9The Lord is not slow to do what he has promised, as some think. Instead, he is patient with you, because he does not want anyone to be destroyed, but wants all to turn away from their sins
Where the Nintendo switch 5 years in
It's sad to see breakout no longer be the ending theme what break-in is still an amazing little song and breakout may be gone but it will never be forgotten for being the famous Scott the woz theme
There’s just so many quotable lines here. And the DELIVERY. I don’t even care much about the game, that was just a vehicle for the funni. Top-notch video, subscribed.
i feel like this video is trying to tell us something
Can't wait for him to bitch about the switch again
after 4 months.. The warrior Scott has returned to save his people from the bowels of not good shit to watch thank you oh brave knight!
As someone who always kept and collected all my games, the atrocity that is Barrel Blast became the first game I ever traded in.
It was such a great moment to see Scott saying goodbye to his old outro theme and embrace a new era for him  Welcome back, you absolute virgin legend
Was lowkey mad that Scott barely uploads but damn... the wait was worth it. Who knew Dunkey--I mean Donkey Kong had such an awesome history.
The king has returned
i like barrel blast
Scott, you have been gone for seemingly forever so it’s great to see you have finally come back to life from your winter grave to bless us with a funny, and quality review. Happy million subs to.
Fun fact: At 3:55, the first game that pops up is Super Princess Peach
12:47
16:44 (sigh) oh I missed u scotty boi
New outro music????
One of the best speeches ever written at the end like this should be told through out the decades
the speech at the end, was that... thoughtful? inspiring? indicative of real character development?
DIFFERENT OUTRO MUSIC??
I finally have a reason to be back on YouTube! Thanks and I hope you enjoyed your break! Welcome back Woz!
I wish parallel universe travel was invented in my lifetime so that I go to the universe where Microsoft didn't buy Rare and Nintendo kept them.
Lets goooo
Finally! A Scott the Woz video
But Scott you played we dare. So your not a virgin (idiot)
*Constructive criticism:* It took him 17 minutes to get to the main point of the video. Did he really HAVE to go through Donkey Kongs entire history?
hi there
You can say he went out with a 'blast' ;)
This was worth the many months of wait
Yourrrrrrrrr bacckkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkkk yeeeeeeesssssssssss
Finily a new video i thought he died
Now there is a special gimmick with these things, this item boxes are balloons, both blue and red. Red balloons are for the Kongs and blue are for the Kremlings, while you can go through either or as one or the other, If you go through the balloon color of your team, your item will be a little enhanced, so since the Melon is only in red balloons, as a Kong you’ll be invincible for longer, since Mini-Necky is only in the blue balloons, as a kremling, using them will not only nab 10 bananas from your opponent, but remove a Wild Move of theirs as well, and this mentality applies to pretty much every item in the game.  - Dad
this is either an intricate commentary on something I'm not picking up on, or it's an intricate commentary on Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast. Either way its awesome
Pp
get the joy of a new Scott video, and the pain of a new destiny season, it's a good (?) day!
Jeez, you finnaly uploaded a video
The return of the King
HOORAY FOR PURITY!!
Went ahead and disliked this even though I liked it. Get over yourself Scott.
I can’t believe you fucking beat this whole shity game 😂💗
This is automatically the best Scott the woz episode since it’s the only one to mention Gerald Ford
The king has returned!
the dreaded episode...
we're not talking about barrel blast anymore are we
15:21 it took Europe so long because they had to figure out how to censor such a vulgar name
I don't think people will appreciate the bit where he shakes with the wrong hand enough.
I'm European. And we watch tons of American movies and this guy looks 1: 1 like a typical comedy nerd where you're a nerd who loves the most beautiful girl in school, but she's with a bully guy  who plays football.
He's not dead!
Tbh if you playing Wii games in 2022... You're not getting any regardless
Yo
Scott funny
Ha, I love to see you try scot. I expect at least 3 sex scenes (implied or not, doesn't matter)
HE'S NOT DEAD BABYYYY
Holy virgins, a _new endscreen theme?!_ Based on the TV theme?? Biggest twist of this whole episode.  EDIT: _It's called Break *In*._
nice
What was the Alliance he needed to betray
The actual konkey konga games were fun AF
I used to love these videos but it seems like the same old overused jokes again and again. Its just not funny anymore.
He finally chose to get laid
Oh good, you're alive
I played Donkey Kong: Jet Race in 2008 as I'm European so maybe that's why it wasn't so bad for me back then.
Big W
Can't say I've played Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast. I have however ensured that Fortnite will NOT get installed on any of my devices.
i don't know why I'm just watching this now but it's a masterpiece as usual lmao.
He's back!! AHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
the day Scott gets laid is the day he deletes his channel      and vice versa.
i love you nonparasocially <3
Hey, Scott's back. Neat.
Great Scott! It's Scott!
The Return of the King.
So they made a game based on bongos and didn't program it to use the bongo peripheral? I hope the people in charge of that decision were fired, because that's just plain stupid.
Te extrañaba Scott
Oh, new outro music.
A new outtro, ah- I- I can't- wha-...AHHHHHH!
It really seemed liked Nintendo didn’t know what to do with the Donkey Kong series since Rare got brought by Microsoft. That’s one of the things I’d go back and change with a Time Machine, Rare Support on GameCube and Wii would’ve been Legendary, they could’ve made more Starfox Games too since personally I loved Adventures.
Damn, finishing in 10 seconds sure is quick
Scott 1. Sex 0.
Ayo, when I saw your thumbnail, I seriously thought Bill Gates had discovered the Fountain ⛲️ of Youth.
RIP old outro
The prodigal son has returned.
Did Scott really just pull the cartridge out of a N64 that was still on?
Spectacular, love it
Barrel blast is just an overpriced wii ware game
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!
Personally this is one of his best episodes
he really is becoming a jontron clone
This is the best comeback video anyone could ever make
I still wish the old outro will come back
i used to love this game lol
why at 30:44 is his mouth edited on
Scott the Woz :)
I thought he was dead
Did you really just told us about the whole story of Donkey Kong just to tell us about a meh spin-off?
On 16:10 The I have something to do tomorrow gag. If you look on one of the dates it says “Betray the alliance.” But what does that MEAN!?!?
Surprised at how many times you were able to say B***el B**t without getting censored and demonetized.
Proud of you for retaining your virginity!
5:24 a lesson not to transistion your game to 3D
Is this scott's way of saying that he had sex?
Damn this video is doing really well
Such a good episode!!!
I thought Scott was dead
lolllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllllz                                                                                                                             :)OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOoOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO                                       l
Another flawless video and one that has a legit life lesson in it. 5 knee slaps out of 5.
Well, somebody had to make the perfect controller to play Dark Souls.
9:24 this got me good, not gonna lie
oh my he is back!
finally. the anti-virgin gets reviewed by a virgin
INTERESTING....I have never heard of you, until today. This video popped up on my feed. I would of never gave it a look, but the Woz... caught my eye. That's what they called my husband in the Marine's, because they never pronounced our last name correctly. Any way, I have never seen any one else use the term Woz!. Thought is was kinda cool...Have a Blessed day😃😃
our lord is back
Like fuck this REALLY comes off as unironic incel comedy. Why would you do this
20:08
MY BOI IS BACK BABY!!!!
We need full versions of the songs at the end they're so good
The messiah has returned
Oh yes!
He's back!!! Yay!!!
38:10 i want to see the full thing
the king is home
... I like DK Barrel Blast. Also, what is the fucking metaphore of sex about? Anyways, great video, your criptics are on the spot regardless
7:30 "The Pause That Frame Times" got me
A lot of c*ck and f*ck and s*x in this one Scott!
was way to happy to see this notificafion glad your back great vid see you next week
Scott is the only man i know of who can talk about a single game for 38:35
my name is walter hartwell white. i live at 308 negra arroyo lane, albuquerque, new mexico
4:30 SMB3 tho
Something that always gets me about Donkey Kong Country are the lies about how they digitised the characters, There's even a little clip in this vid showing their wireframe Donkey Kong. Yeah they didn't use and kind of wireframe in the actual game, They did what they did for pretty much every other game on the SNES, They drew 2d sprites. Yes they looked good I wouldnt try to deny that, but all the 'look at our wireframes' Complete bullshit! When making Doom they digitised images from models made of clay. Exactly the same process, The only difference is Nintendo had someone knock up wireframes and claimed it made a difference to a game that doesnt use them at all. Again yeah it looks good, But it would have been exactly the same technique had they digitised 2d images, clay models, photos, film footage, hand drawn images. They literally showed the world a 3d Donkey Kong made on an SGI machine (Same machines they made Terminator 2 and Jurassic Park on) and then lied that it was what was going to be used on a SNES, The best part is people still believe it.
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Now that we have gotten barrel blast out of the way, when's the L button video coming?
SCOTTS BACK SCOTTS BACK SCOTTS BACK
Jungle Beat was fucking incredible btw. Had so much fun playing that
Finallyyyy
THE KING IS BACK
The game that ended virginity
Please do something about your clipping voice recordings, it's killing all the nice presentation and visuals you're working so hard on.  Try a limiter or compressor, or just a better gain structure on your pre-amp input.  With all my love -Audio Guy.
And then he got a girlfriend
22:48 That would be the video game "Boogie" where you play as patrick star's, disco obsessed father.
He’s back!
God protect this man.
It's been so long since he posted I'm so happy now
Sooo glad you're back, normally when a youtuber stops posting its whatever but i really did feel your absence when i looked at my subscription box :)
scott the woz
Best return yet thank you for finally getting rid of the barrel blast curse.
Is this Tom Holland?
You looked like you were trying so hard not to laugh when you said "and that's just barely grazing a crotch" 😂
Feeling some classic Angry Video Nintendo Nerd vibes in this and I fucking love it 😀 ♥
its honestly so impressive how much effort you put into every video,even if the game is complete garbage
Great video but the Sex References was kind of annoying and unnecessary
He's Back
The epididymal hypertension line cracked me up because I had to Google what that meant.
Okay Scott the Woz
Donkey kong
7:28 the voice crack lol
After seeing Scott endure this, I want to see him take on Sonic Free Riders
I thought we’d see Scott finally stop being a vergin… guess I’ll have to have more sex to make up for the no sex he’s having
Welcome back old friend. Welcome back
A NEW SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO?!?! I thought you died!
Still on trending two days later,  the world could not live without Scott the Woz.
0:29 best use of a bleep in history
He really, really, REALLY has decided to go all in on 'virgin' jokes, and he already was doing a lot of that in his previous videos, yeesh
363 Days after borderline forever!
“worcestershire?!” is one of the funniest scott moments of all time
Finally! Another Jontron upload and its about the Danky kang
I can't believe it. He actually did a video on barrel blast
I haven't played Barrel Blast yet, but I would love to play Barrel Blast someday 😉 ... Preferably very soon, right now, please.
Man I missed you guys, it was taking so long I almost started my own channel and then I realized how much energy, work, time and money that would take so I thought nah I better just have sex.
Scott time!
Hey Scott,  Will you be doing nintendo rhythm games or generally make a video about rhythm games overall? The western content creators fail to see this genre. Im not talking about western rhythm games like rock band or clone hero. Im talking about all kinds of rhythm games.
This was such a good video omfg
38:35 May 24 is my birthday and I to schedule to not have sex there as well
When the world needed him most he vanished… Now he back :) !!!
TheGamingHistorian covered a lawsuit between Nintendo and Universal Studios, which divulges the facts that Donkey Kong's; A. Not based on King Kong and B. They're not based on Popeye characters, the game was originally designed to be a Popeye game but, due to hardware limitations, they couldn't render Popeye correctly. So it was scrapped and then recycled into the historic Donkey Kong
Wtf is happening at 30:41 looking like that old bit on Conan where he'd have lips over a still image lol.
I thought about getting this game, never did, had sex anyway. This game is too powerful
HES BACKKKKK
Oh… oh my god.
Loved the little send off to Breakout in the ending sequence before the end screen. Gonna miss the song, but the new one is kinduv a bop
yay he’s back
I bought this game only for K. Rool
"I DEMAND PHALLIC JOKES!!" 😤
3:10 missed a chance to make a "by the help of Kirby(the character not the lawyer) Nintendo "proved" it wasn't plagiarism" joke. (Kirby is named after the lawyer that helped them win the king kong kase.) Edit/TIL: Barrel Blast isn't a music-game.
HE'S BACK! 😃
Mario the carpenter turned plumber, turned hero, turned boxing referee, turned racer, turned fighter, turned tennis player, turned golf player, then turned a dead icon
Great to have you back Scott!
Where you been scott
“With great power, comes great virginity”  Pure wisdom.
B
Its felt like so long, im more than glad to have you back Scott. Welcome back c:
The king has risen, may his glory shine over us all!
SO IS NO ONE GONNA TALK ABOUT SCOTT FIGHTING PERSONA MONSTERS?
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten son, that whosoever believes in him shall not perish but have everlasting life." -John 3:16(bible) "the wages of sin is death"-Bible. Therefore God the judge has given man the death sentence due to man's sin, but because of God's mercy, he gave himself(god incarnate/jesus)to die on a cross for the sins of the world. That means he paid our fine and if we trust in him God can legally let us go guilt free in court/judgment day and have everlasting life with Him!  "Go and sin no more!"-Jesus <3
Charge your gameboy, Scott.
16:03 scott on his sigma arc fr
Scott has a girlfriend now so he can make videos about sex and donkey Kong barrel blast
Nice North Star reference at the end
Glad the church of latter day saints sponsored this video
Anybody else notice at 13:32 he actually said "sister" in the video, but overdubbed it to say "brother" instead......I noticed his mouth was a little off so i double checked....OCDADHD
Love your vids bro educational and your funny af
Scott is back bitches!
I played this when I was a child, and I loved it
Scott be lying. You know he's stacked with pounds of poon
how does it feel to have a show on G4?
*Just go to the zoo!* 😅     So glad Scott is back :)
Scarlet letter reference really made me feel like I was in 9th grade again. 10/10
Love that the door magically fixes itself after it's ripped off. Great video!
Scott is the trending one.
Guess who’s back, back again, Scott is back, tell your friends
I thought you were dead!
HES BACK YALL
the mushroom boosts you in mario kart triple mushrooms boosts you 3 times in mario kart golden mushroom boosts you longer in mario kart i mean mario kart does this duplicated item stuff too, and they have 5 shell items
So it's okay to sex then ?
Finally
I was starting to think you just called it quits for YouTube. So damn glad you've returned
As a Barrel Blast fan, this video finally convinced me to not have sex. Thanks Scott!
Genghis Khan has been stated to have been a big fan of Donkey Kong Barrel Blast, and his 16 million living descendants reflect that claim
Of course donkey kong took inspirations from Popeye.  Because it originally WAS a Popeye game.
Yay no sex!
He’s back
Candy King certainly is going to help with this whole abstinence thing.
The fact this video is #6 on trending warms my heart ❤️
I watch scott all the time, even doe i seen all his videos, and as i was half paying attention half watching i realized i hadnt seen it before and its new!
The fact that I was the only person I knew who had this game and liked it growing up.
Yea we can be friends, you'll just hear me an my new bf fck all the time!!   I seriously spit my coffee out! Hahaha!
HOLY SHIT NEW SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO
Welcome back king
Finally, peace can return to the earth
I love the new scott the woz theme ❤️
Hey, props where it's due. Donkey Kong Barrel Blast is the best game with "Barrel Blast" in the name.
12:26 sounds like pelo slamming his desk
32:42 fk shh fk shh fk fk fk
Eh... The sex stuff was cringy and bad. I didn't like it.
I've no clue what i just watched
Not that I'm complaining but does this mean that there won't be anymore switch X years in videos?
i like the new outro music :D
I remember loving this game as a kid. Wish I had bongos to go back and play them again
He did it
My jaw hit the floor when you mentioned Tube Slider. It's one of those games you could only really get exposed to during the "parents grab something random from the bargain bin on the way home" era. Like F-Zero but entirely in tubes, with a very strong futuristic atmosphere. Definitely check out the OST for a taste of it.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
That diddy Kong racing sequel joke hit me so hard lol
can someone more experienced in japanese help me out does the barrel blast name in japanese translate to something like "sufficient jet race" or does that たる mean something else in this context
Just have sex already.
he hath returneth
Say what you will about how bad this is as a game and a... sexual sin of humanity, but at least its musical soundtrack slaps.
Man, I always liked barrel blast...
hes alive
The woz is back everyone
He’s back!!!
what did he say at 0:56 ?
Yes! yes! more scott!
Yessss he’s back :)
1:54-you leave star allies out of this, it's a good game😤
I ignored this video on my feed because “it’s probably from like…2 years ago.”
16:35 See, I knew Scott is part of the Spiderverse.
Wozgoat
Uh, guys? Does watching a video about B*rrel Bl*st count as _playing_ B*rrel Bl*st? Because if it does... then I'm (getting) f***ed, aren't I?
the transition in the end from breakout to break in..... yeah...... good theme
Man took 4 months to not fuck and beat the game. He's got my respect.
here before 1 mil
Its a joy seeing Scott again after so long. Now he can share his virgin tips and tricks to a wide audience.
The return of the king!
Here, replay button 20:10
Actually, Scott, Kludge is awesome
Different outro song?
So glad to see you return, Scott, with *DONKEY KONG BARREL BLAST.*
If you were my son and sent me  that long fart of a  message  I would have driven to your home and smacked you silly
Did his voice change?
HES BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
I love this
Some of donkey Kong’s other achievements include having hell as a smash Bros stage
this whole time i thought barrel blast was actually good
Scott is an asexual icon
I love this channel, it's very interesting💖
Wait, why's he retiring the breakout theme :(
Banger
you unlocked my DK king of swing memories
neat.
i WISH they made a new switch Donkey kong that was basically donkey kong 64 but new lol
😈😈😈
BREAKOUT ISN'T THE CLOSING SONG ANYMORE??????
A lack of Scott the Woz content feels like an empty void. The universe has finally been corrected once again.
Amazing editing in this one!
15:35 love that movie so much. The street performance kills me every time.
Nice video dear 💕💕💕💕💕
cant wait till its revealed hes not a virgin so you all feel betrayed and I laugh as you cry.
This is an Anti-Porno
As jarring as it was, I love the new outro song based on the G4 theme.  Breakout will always be associated with you but it's good to have your own brand, and the new song bops
Nice its Scott the wizard of woz
I hope G4 doesn't try to make any additions or changes to Scott's shtick.
Did anyone else actually think Scott was dead
I can’t wait to see this on Cartoon Network
I cannot believe how long it took for a dedicated video on Donkey Kong Barrel Blast to be made. We're all in the best timeline now.
8:29 this season Scott goin nutz!!
The legend returns. At long last
This game wasn't that bad. It got old after about half an hour, but I had fun for that time. It controls reasonably well, it's just a bit basic.
In this episode of Scott the Woz our hero faces his greatest adversary... sex
Glad to see you back
Every time you come back to the simplicity of “I am God also, I choose experience”, once you get back to that simplicity, it frees up a lot of energy to actually have experience, rather than try to understand what experience is. It’s not about getting to the other side. It’s about how I am in this moment taking that next step, no matter what the outcome is.
TF HES BACK!
Charge your GBA  11:23
Return of the King. 👑
SCOTT IS BACK
Scott: I have a new standard for writing   Also Scott: *doubles down on Barrel Blast virginity jokes*  Welcome back, Scott!
Oh no... He's still hot
how can i like this video twice ??
So happy to see you back and finally talking about Donkey Kong Barrel Blast at length. I never knew just how horny that game makes people.
16:44 oh my god my sides. this made me laugh wayyy too hard.
The last 4 minutes was the BEST thing I have ever seen on YouTube
this guy fvcks
7:51 NANI Scott How did you figure that out.
Happy 4 months later! Very nice to see you again
So happy to see this video! I got into your channel in the last couple of months and was so worried you were gonna be gone forever :(
I've often wondered if Nintendo resented Rare in some way because their refusal to buy them was so inexplicable otherwise.
SCOTT IS BACK HOLY SHIT
that intro is god tier 10/10 youre a funky guy skot
Is this the first time the “Hey all! Scott here!” Was not in the room?
Is it really the woz? It's been like a year agp
Haven't seen Scott in a bit
Not another switch review. 1/10.
He’s back!!!!
I genuinely don't know if Scott is [redacted] or not
Missed you Scott
I love that Rex Moes is an anagram of "more sex" when the character has no sex. It's a nice detail.
Bro this man is more popular than the new Elvis trailer
Thank you Scott. I was having a shitty day, and this made it so much better.
No where is the outro music :(
20:46 Thank You Mr Woz!
OH JESUS CHRIST YOUR HERE
OK, the ending really makes this one. big contender for top 10 videos of 2022
Amazing vid!
And then theres Chunky
How much you wanna bet the finale of the scott the woz series is him losing his virginity after covering basically every game topic he can
WAKE UP HONEY THERE’S A NEW SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO!!
I’ve been checking every day, so happy you’re back!
Somehow I forgot until this day that my dad bought this game for me years ago. I never played it cuz even from one look I knew it sucked. Yet somehow I’ve had sex.
I see the last completion montage bit as a passing of the torch. It starts off with breakout but then transitions to the new Scott the Woz intro theme to solidify it as the new main theme and leitmotif for Scott The Woz.
HESSS ALIVEEEEE
This is my new favorite of yours in a while, really made it worth the wait.
IIRC, Kludge is from Donkey Kong Country 3 as that game's Krusha equivalent  I honestly think it's kind of a shame that Kip, Kass, and Kalypso never returned in an actual game lol
This is very funny to me as an asexual
Thanks for saying not having sex is ok Scott
welcome back scott!
25:21 my YouTube app crashed right as he said that. Fucking amazing 🤣
Played it with my niece now I’m a registered barrel blast offender :(
The new outro 🤌
programmers who made the maps and the editors who lent life to these videos... kudos
@30:40 - @30:46 - FOUND IT!  Homie's mouth and face looking like Superman in Joss Whedon's Justice League.  Like that one creepy late 90's era Bugs Bunny cartoon.
Scott, you are way too successful and good looking for people to actually believe that you're a virgin. And, if by some chance you are actually a virgin, then it's either by choice or by failure to recognize that you probably have female fans (and male fans, for that matter) who get off to you. Not me, but I consulted with those who are into men on this matter, and they confirmed my suspicions that you're (a) very attractive and (b) interesting and successful enough to hook up with. So, all pun intended, as a fan, may I request that we put the whole adult virgin bit to bed? It's just kinda pseudo-cringe, and gets in the way of what is enjoyable about your videos.
I never expected to laugh this hard at a Scarlet Letter joke
I discovered Scott last month without knowing anything about him. I ended up binging his videos since and just figured he left YouTube forever with his last upload being 3 months ago. I'm really surprised he's back!
HE’S BACK
wa ••• what did I just look at
Scott the Woz is an ace icon
_"Well, this has been... strange."_ - *Cheerilee*
what on earth is going on with his mouth at 30:40
YOUR BACK I DID NOT GET THE NOTIFICATION
holy shit you managed to turn this into an actual metaphor
Welcome back to the YouTubes
hes back
I cannot believe there is a Scarlet Letter reference in my Scott the woz video
The Japanese title is "Donkey Kong Barrel Jet Race"
Scott’s out here doing his best Jontron impression with this 4-5 month hiatus between videos. 🤣 Glad to see you’re back!
Hope he’s ok.  He was slurring in the beginning
Whoa!
Fun Fact: Donkey Konga 3 has anime music.  So Naruto could be somewhat canon in Donkey Kong Country.
Scott may be back, but it looks like he can’t use Breakout anymore. Edit: Guess my comment can’t get likes or replies.
Had a big stupid smile on my face throughout the completion montage, great to have you back Scott!
What the hell did they do to Candy??
This is modern sex education at its finest. So true!
cool
Ohh, this is where he’s been!
This is so good
if three episodes per year is the new format, then I'll be here for each and every one
He looks so much like Bill Gates in the first clip.
Jungle Beat was my childhood
If you confess Jesus as Lord and believe He was raised from the dead you will be saved. Romans 10:9
I think scott fucks, like alot
HES BACK!!!!
I think Donkey Kong 3 was essentially a mod for either Donkey Kong or Donkey Kong Junior.  Arcades paid for a conversion kit to change from the original to 3.  Except why would they do that? No one wants to play Donkey Kong 3? And that's why it failed.
The Woz got laid!
24:32 All his nutrients are being siphoned to his crotch.
Your back❣️👌🏼
He’s back
Let's not forget about the fact that Scott the Woz literally has a dedicated orchestra soundtrack. (The intro in this video for example)
THE LEGEND IS HERE!
only scott could make such a compelling case to not have sex
15:58 did he spend these last five months scouring the Earth for all those copies of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast
It's a good day when Scott starts uploading again
Scott, your writing in this episode is insanely intelligent and multilayered, I am really amazed by the complexity you managed to hide within a facade of adult humor, while still keeping the adult humor entertaining for the even broader audience. Things like that aren’t often appreciated
At 30:40 you can see Rex's mouth edited to move and an ADR'd line. I wonder if it was added in later due to a script change or they couldn't finish the line.
Man what did they do to make Rex look so awful like omg
Great Kongtent as always
I'm just now realizing how the song during the montage at the end is sort of a goodbye to "Breakout", the usual outro theme, since it incorporates it's melody, before triumphantly turning into the theme song for Scott the Woz on G4, "Break In". Truly beautiful, not gonna lie, makes my heart heavy. It's bitter sweet. <3
I feel like a good episode would be about toxic gamers and stuff like that
Finally, Scott has made another video for me to watch at 3 in the morning
It's good to have you back!
finally
finally
Rumor's say Scott lost  his virginity at the start of his 4 month hiatus, luckily, he was able to regain it before filming
He endures everything he can, even if sufferings and sacrifices have to be made.
He back Baby
donkey kong from the arcade games is now crankey kong, in short the new tie wearing DK is a different character
"He's finally back, performing for you! If you know the words, you can join in, too: 'Hey all, Scott here!'"
11:23 Scott you let the gbas battery run down for that clip on purpose didnt you
Look who came barrel blasting back
And when the world needed him most... HE RETURNED!!!!!
Yo Scott is back! Let’s goooo
DK fans:  Pls nintendo, can we play this game with these bongos?  Nintendo: Lol nah ur gonna play dat with the virginity sticks i sold you instead
The whole rare situation with Nintendo is still mind-boggling to this day. How does a company just allow a major game studio who put a lot of hits out for only you for years get bought out. I just assumed the real business people at Nintendo were out on vacation during this time, and they left others in charge.
I thought this was an old video I swear!
Dam bro I remember playing this game the moment I turned it on 20 women we’re at my door
Finally a new video
Worth the wait 😤
Diddy racing was always my fav
Scott the Woz rules
how is this #2 on trending lol?
The lip dubbing @30:41.....
HE HAS RETURNED!
did you use stop motion for the curse paper thing???   oh but also think of this scott, dk barrel blast was probably purposly bad, becaues if it was good, no one would have gone out to buy mario kart wheels, they would have wanted dk bongos to play a good dk barrel blast version that allowed dk bongos.   It was all part of nintendo's plan see?
Candy be looking good as hell tho.
THE DAY HAS FINALLY COME
YAY OUR MAN IS BACK!!!!
Loving the new outro
Damn Woz boy Daaaaamn
I was expecting Five Years In, but a 38 minute video about Barrel Blast is the most Scott the Woz way to return ever.  Also NEW ENDING SONG??
Even though the old outro was legendary I LOVE the new outro
TW: B*rrel Bl*st.
24:25  why is that one of the funniest jokes ever
Oké
kings back baby
Finally you're back, I can take down that Craig's list ad. Thank goodness, the phone calls were beginning to scare me.
Welcome back, man.
Ayyyyy he's back!!
It’s Christmas whenever Scott releases a new video.
Scott, thank you for recognizing Chibi Robo. It is the best gamecube game to ever release in my opinion and a staple of my childhood
Can we please get a Scott’s stash of this?
I wonder why they had to dub over 30:41, you can see the lips don’t sync up with the head movements
And so begins a new season of Scott the Woz
I'm dying! Can't stop rewinding and watching the door fight Rex back. 16:43
Hey ya'll, Scott There! Welcome back Scott and Friends. 🙂
Let's Fucking Goooooo
I love part 1 but they just milk it till it die down
Welcome back!!!!
Welp. I guess 2022 was the end of several eras. The iPod is no more. Breakout is no longer the Scott the Woz theme.
He's back HE'S BAAAACCKK
🌹🌹🌹
Hi
I'm a game collector and I like Donkey Kong yet somehow I've never heard of this game. Must have been pretty bad.
HES BAAACK!
Why are people claiming the ending speech is about sexuality? It's just about not judging people for what they like in general
Honey, it’s safe to come out of the bunker.  Scott the Woz has returned!
seems as if Breakout has been retired.  rip old theme
Holy crap it felt like so long since the king was on YouTube and he is back stay safe Scott keep make us proud
Welcome back Scott!
Welcome back Scott, missed you
"Not viagria" lmao
New Scott video LETS GOOOOOOOO!!!!
HE FINALLY POSTED YAYYAYAYAY
The only problem with Donkey Kong Jet Race / Barrel Blast is that you cannot play it with the DK Bongos, the original way the game was designed for, even though the first Wii consoles had Gamecube Controller ports.
shit I missed this
"stanley the bugman" hahaha
HIS PASTY WHITENESS HAS RETURNED
This reminds me of the time back in the summer of 88 when I smashed a cast iron frying pan over my head and started flopping around like a gutted fish...although it was a much simpler time back then ❤
"Treat it like a newborn, treat it with RESPECK!" 🤣
Finally a new video
a scott the woz upload? And here I was thinking today couldnt get better
Dude, you need to lay off all the "virginity" stuff it's really uncomfortable lol
Hey y'all, James here, DAMMIT, Scotts back from the dead
Only a True Virgin would wait this long to come back, only to do a 40 minute Donkey Kong-related video.
Rest in peace 3D dot heroes breakout, you will be missed
I dont know How too feel about the new Outro.
After 3:20 he sounds off I don’t know how to put it
Wait but what about the 5 years in video
17:55 Idk if Scott was aware or not, but that little quip is even funnier in my opinion knowing enough Japanese to read the Japanese title, which is literally just the other two put together: “Donkey Kong: Taru (barrel in JP) Jet Race.”
So it’s basically an FMV game
Diddy Kong racing was the game that made me beg my parents (and subsequently cry upon receiving) an N64. Its a good game (also jet force gemini and perfect dark were huge highlights from rare)
Scott the woz is back!!
The king is back baby
wtf I just watch
when the world needed him he returned with a banger
a:jshfljakshlkjfhsdflkjDHAKHaslkjdh SCOTTT!
It took him 4 months to make a video on Donkey Long Barrel Blast
Bro tf happened. We missed you
I'll miss Breakout as the Outro, but Break in slaps!
Always confused me as a kid why the game couldn't just implement similar control schemes to Mario Kart. It still would've been a poor game, though at least they'd be some merit to it.
great video scott! from the average donkey kong: barrel blast player
Oof, I'm glad he wasn't using this time not uploading to have sex. I thought we lost him there.
Is he using his theme from G4 now? That's pretty cool
SCOTT IS BACK! ^_^
Is there a secret war on the counter offer and said not have sex except for one that said betray the alliance?!?!??
Keep that v card tight boys save the planet
Anyone else notice the edited on mouth at 30:40 ?
As an asexual that ending bit was pretty cool.
never knew i could get so hyped over someone not having sex
DONKEY KONG????????????????????
Scott Wozniak: King of No Sex.  _And #4 on trending at the time of this comment_
there's so much sex-ception, i can only keep track of like...half of it
Is it me or does this ep feel rushed? :s
This video had me laugh out loud so many times. It’s more Scott the woz, and I love it. Worth the hiatus.
this was one of the only console games i owned as a kid, along with super monkey ball banana blitz 🙃 i was 8 when it came out. played it again recently with my siblings and it was still stupid fun, did not realize people hated it until today haha. so just because of nostalgia a part of me still likes this game! despite the barrel blast slander, great video
welcome back scott
Long time no see, Scotty.
The legend returns. And he got a haircut.
Dk barrel blast came out 20 days after my birth. Soooooo
A little too much screaming and cursing, but still some golden jokes. YAY SCOTT'S ALIVE! BLESS GEX.
Scott fucking did it! He fucking talked about Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast. It was fucking amazing!  (yeah, I intentionally said that, but seriously though, it was an amazing video from the king himself.)
the legend returns
RIP The OG Outro
That was the best thirty minutes of not sex I've ever had.
Your back
I thought they were all going to have sex at the end because of the game... that didn't happened :(
LETS GOO NEW SCOT VIDEO
THE RETURN OF THE KING
WOOOOO
crossed the line. too far.
I believe the greatest form of love is shone to us by sacrifice. What we are willing to give up for the love of someone else. Too often and too frequently is life filled with bitterness, anger, hatred, and jealousy. Just imagine what kind of world it would be if we all loved one another, if we all cared, and had concern for each other. That we all did our best to make sure life was good for everyone.  That no one was homeless, that no one faced despair, rejection, or pains of loneliness and self-doubt. That there were no more wars, wars built on greed, and man's fear of each other, fear of the unknown. I think of the ultimate sacrifice when a carpenter named Jesus Christ from Bethlehem faced beatings, whippings, insults, injury, and crucifixion for our sins. who died so we could become righteous, to never again face the fear of death or the nightmares of the pains of hell ever again. a righteousness we could never earn unto ourselves, not based on our performance, but given to us as a gift of mercy. Call unto the Lord Jesus Christ, forsake your sins, believing with all your heart that he is the God who created heaven and earth, and he will gladly forgive you and welcome you unto the family of God forever. ''For God so loved the world that He gave His one and only Son, that everyone who believes in Him shall not perish but have eternal life'' John 3:16   "This know also, that in the last days perilous times shall come.  For men shall be lovers of their own selves, covetous, boasters, proud, blasphemers, disobedient to parents, unthankful, unholy,  Without natural affection, trucebreakers, false accusers, incontinent, fierce, despisers of those that are good,  Traitors, heady, highminded, lovers of pleasures more than lovers of God;  Having a form of godliness, but denying the power thereof: from such turn away.  For of this sort are they which creep into houses, and lead captive silly women laden with sins, led away with divers lusts,  Ever learning, and never able to come to the knowledge of the truth"  2 Timothy 3:1-7  ''The Lord is not slack concerning His promise, as some count slackness, but is longsuffering toward us,  not willing that any should perish but that all should come to repentance'' 2 Peter 3:9
Scott: "I'm not going to end sex."  Me: "Fine." **Puts on the Virginity Gauntlet** "I'll do it myself."
you can feel the avgn seep from this amazing video
LONG HAVE WE WAITED
You're not dead. Oh ...
I do Not give a shit. This has the most powerful message i’ve ever seen
Scott has been in a cave for four months is why he hasn't uploaded
I’m so happy your back you always make my day
The man the myth the legend
Yes
Well there’s goes the ending music
Is that the scarlet letter, get it away, stay back yoj demon of highschool English
Welcome back!
We are living in Amerika
Is he going to do more this next 2 months?
What fantastic timing. I was just wondering yesterday what Scott had been up to. I should have known, 'not having sex'!
I noticed you dubbed Rex’s mouth at 30:41… what did he say originally? 🤨
To any and all that read this remember to "Fight for your right to Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast"! And God bless Scott the Woz
Finally… good shit
Holy Shit, Scott The Woz
The king is back!!!!!
SCOTT IS BACK!
Donkey Kong created incels
plato's allegory of the barrel blast
the end was so good
this video made me secured about my virginity. now, i just need a pair of bongos.
Aw nuts, Betraying the Alliance was yesterday? I thought it was today.  My bad, guys.
Glad to see you back. I was wondering what happened to you.
scott is this entire vid just to announce that you fucked
I cannot believe you bought 3 copies of Donkey Kong Barrel Blast
WHY DID YOU NOT MAKE A VIDEO AFTER 4 MONTHS😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱😱
Heres a comment for the algorithm AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Is scott asexual
“HE’S BACK!”
My man is back!
3:27 We missed you, Scott
We don’t need advice columns anymore, Scott’s the whole therapist.
16:32 proves he's gonna be the next Peter Parker
Who dis guy I haven't seen him in months
simulating rather than doing the experience eh???
What does this have to do with October 25th, 2007
He returned
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO FINALLY A NEW VIDEO
this guy is the ultimate meme template
30:41   is his mouth floating around here?  like they needed a different line but didnt redo the makeup so they cut in a new mouth?
always a good day when scatt the waz uploads
Aaaa
The king has returned
YES!
Why does it feel like a re upload
AMAZING
Ich love NintendoSnesDk
Guys the end card music is different. THE END CARD MYSIC IS DIFFERENT! HOLY SH*T
16:43 and 20:11 make me really excited to see the bloopers/outtakes for this episode.
I’m sorry but this just... wasn’t funny. Well produced and well made, but just boring. The skits were weird and boring as always and the rest of the video was uninteresting at best.
no where my breakout music please tell me this isn’t permanent
Ur alive?
Congrats on top 4 in trending glad to have you back
The only complaint I have about this video is that I think Scott should have kept censoring B*rrel Bl*st.
I remember this being the only Donkey Kong game i played after 64 during the DK drought up until Donkey Kong Country Returns. I got Barrel Blast/Jet Race cause i didn’t want DK to be lost like F-Zero, so mission accomplished.
0:28 Did the Angry Video Game Nerd possess Scott the Woz?
THIS IS WHAT WE'VE BEEN WAITING FOR!!!!!!        YEEEEEEEEEEEEAEEAEEAEAEAEAEAEAEAEAEAHAHAHAHA
Look what the cat dragged in
thanks dad
I love the effort put into these videos I don't care if it takes 5 gat daym months
My favorite sex channel has returned.
He has became the ultimate virgin
38:14 at least he got the mug
The king has returned
*Agent stone voice* HE'S BACKKKKKKKKKKK     wait what the fuck is this a new theme song? nvm we're living in the dark ages
number 4 on overall trending nice
This is me when Kludge
It was either my dad came home with the milk or Scott uploaded a video... wonder if Scott will let me borrow some milk
HES BACK
#3 ON TRENDING LETS GOOOOO! Glad to see you back Scott!
Are you ready for Heaven? Have you ever lied, stolen used God's name as a curse word (O-M-G)? According to God's law, you're guilty. But wait, God loves you, he made a way out. God so loved the world that he gave his only son that whoever believes in him will not die but have everlasting life. John 3:16 Please think about it. Repent/believe before the rapture, before the one world government. Jesus died for you,live for him. Love U
The editing-in of an exploding car airbag marks humanity's first instance of an object Scott _isn't_ willing to destroy for a two-second gag.
When the world needed him most, Barrel Blast did not return
oh so thats where scotts been the past 5 months
I guess Scott has it’s own lore
16:10 Writing "Betray the alliance" on 22 implies that Scott in fact WILL have sex that day
...wait, does Scott have a bone to pick with Kirby: Star Allies?
12:57 So this is why Junferno is such a chad
so happy you're back. this video was amazing!!
Welcome back king
Can't wait to see more Scott The Woz!
Me: Taking notes. To be the best. Never have seggs. Challenged accepted.
Bro you really had me i thought 2022 was gonna be a drought 😪
9:25 "Sure, you can play Donkey Konga with a regular controller. You can also brush your teeth with mice!"  Fun fact: The Ancient Romans in fact DID brush their teeth with mice, by using their powdered brains as toothpaste :)
So great to have Scott back! Although I really don’t rate the the segments with his friends 😅 No shade.
the return
omg
I knew there was something or, (someone) missing in my life. honnestly thank you scott
Will we get Nintendo Switch 5 years in?
Donkey Kong Jr. is actually the DK we have today and the original Donkey Kong is Cranky Kong... Don't argue it was confirmed that's why he no one likes him, he became old...
When the world needed him most, he returned. It's great to see you back again Scott, I hope you're doing well and have discovered a way to better balance your life out. Another brilliant video to mark your return.
Return of the king
Um akshully, the OG donkey kong is cranky kong.
The god of gaming has returned!!! :() :) 😄😄😄
You know with all the times that he mentioned barrel blast I thought it was gonna be really good
...Scott Wozniak, it has been THREE YEARS WHERE WERE YOU
My brother in christ, you have a gf, the virgin jokes are now redundant
He’s back😎
WOZ IS BACK LFG
33:35 gameplay/audio sync
He is risen
Cinema at its best
i survived the scott the woz drought of 2022
I can't believe it, Scott's NOT dead!!!!!
You get to see Tiny Kong's feet during gameplay 10/10.
The red/blue balloons thing is great! Reminds me of Horde vs Alliance.
THE KING IS BACK
If you were to take a shot every time the phrase "When the world needed him most, he returned" is uttered in this comment section, you'd die of alcohol poisoning 5 minutes in.
I still will never forgive nintendo for selling rare.
Best
Yoo, sabre wulf is like one of the best gba games ever. You've GOT to try it.
Since we've lost breakout in the intro, does that mean breakout represents sex or no sex?
HE IS BACK!!
I'm still been waiting to see a spongebob bfbb video for its self
Wait it is illegal for scott to upload on 2022
What
i really thought it was a fake video for a sec
Scott where the hell have you been
30:41 da mouth
Top 5 trending, we’ve missed you dearly Scatt
i was looking last night but I was looking too early. finally Scott The Woz is back!!!
20:12
Please make sure to source the pages from Mario Wiki you screenshotted
Omg he's still alive
Appreciated.
Hey all, Scott’s back
“I’m tired of being the vergin in the haystack” Scott May 2022
scott the bod
Hay, he's back!
Scott being THE asexual icon
OH SHIIIIT
HES BACK!!!
Was that just the same guy edited twice on the couch???
I can’t stop watching Scott the Woz videos no matter how long. Please help
Just when the world needed him most, he returned.....
The part where his friend comes in and talks about Scott's cock lol  Best part
Nice to have a fresh Scott video. Great job!
Shit, I was wondering if he was coming back
Scott is such a brave YouTuber, i once said B*rrel Bl*st in public and got punched. You’re doing God’s work.
congratulations on being 3rd on trending!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the wii u gamepad disappears between shots
Another one in the bag... Next on the list... Make a 23 minute long L button video!! But seriously... Nice vid!
OH MY SCOTT A NEW VIDEO
Welcome back dude we all missed you
man we got some new lore for the Scott the Woz wiki
HE’S BACK!!!!!!! YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Number 4 on trending
He is back
Ultra barrel DK is to barrel blast what super Sonic is to sonic R, the main character but overpowered
Finally another video I’m so happy I’ve watched his other videos so many times during the gap
Here’s hoping for the switch five years in video!!!
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast : Jesus has got Cancer
Guess who’s back, back again
Man, that ending was GENIUS!
HE'S DOING IT HE'S TALKING ABOUT DONKEY KONG
o sh!t , new scott the woz
Haven't finished the video yet, but did Scott talk about the extremely intricate Donkey Kong lore?
HOLY SHIT SCOTT I THOUGHT YOU WERE DEAD
Scott changed the outro song
HES BACK
17:08
Ahh, the legendary return
Meow
Babe wake up ScottTheWoz just uploaded.
There's literally no one else in the world who could make a video about Donkey Kong Barrel Blast so entertaining and epic. Scott truly is the ultimate virgin
i love you scott but i stopped about halfway through, the sex jokes are not funny. They have never BEEN funny, I would rather any other joke you make than the sex jokes. Being barraged with it for over 30 minutes is a waste of my time. When this popped up in my recommended I thought this was one of your OLD videos, but this is what you return with?
YES
Welcome back, Wozniak.
What's with the overdub @30:43???
this was, no joke, a blast. Glad to see you back dude
I've missed you
I've been really wanting a Scott The Woz episode for a while now, and this one is amazing! Also, can we just talk about the editing in the end? That's heckin' top-notch level!
Who else found this when it was at 69k likes?
WHEN THE WORLD NEEDED HIM MOST.... HE RETURNEEEEEEEED YEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHHHH
I find myself constantly thinking, "What is The Woz gonna do next? He's done everything!" And yet, here we are.
SCOTT YOURE BACK I MISSED YOU SO MUCH
i own this game but i dont know why when or how i came to own it
he's returned!!!!
Finally, our quirky mate is back!
He's growing facial hair... HE HAD SEX
He's back
*clearly, you've never played donkey kong barrel bl-* oh! my mistake.
HES BACK
new outro music................... OK
the fucking "i did it :D" at the end killed me
Likes are at 69K as of 5:37 PM EST
It’s been so long but worth the wait
YEEEEESSSSS
Holyshit Our Boy is back I am in tears how the fuck did Youtube just recommend me this now? Missed You Scott you're a Mothafuckin Legend.
Miss u so much Scott, love u (as a fan 💚) hope You keep doing good, saludos desde México
Love how Scott is top five in trending That’s how much the internet loves him
HOLY FUCKING SHIT ITS SCOTT THE WOZ
Man, that got real anime there at the end.
why does scott hate mario golf 😂
Definitely worth the wait. A 10/10, and easily one of your best videos
RETURN OF THE KING
Welcome back
The ending of this was somehow a less absurd sexual metaphor than Darling in the Franxx and I appreciate that. Trigger, hire this man.
The king is back!! :)
He came back when we needed him most
HE'S BAAAAACCCKKKKK
SCOTTTTYYYU
Epic gamer moment ehebe ehebe
RETURN
6:09  bro why 😖 17:41 💀💀💀💀💀 Ending monster was cool
Fun fact: Donkey Konga was Reggie’s most hated project. He thought it would diminish the brand but admitted being proved slightly wrong when he saw the sales.   He personally tried to stop the project but was overruled.
With grate power comes grate Virginity- Scott the Woz 2022.
I got my braces tightened today, and I am in much pain.
20:02 damnit
that’s one way to make an entrance
I have a Nintendo Game Cube I got at launch and it is still in great condition I also have my Nintendo Wii I got at launch and its still in great condition I am 25 now I have my switch and still loving Nintendo. Side note my launch game cube came with Legend of Zelda the Wind Waker and my Wii came with Super Mario Brothers and Wii Sports
HES BACK
Way too much swearing from the other guys
30:40 what happened to his mouth?
yaaaaaaasssssssss scottt!
rex’s teeth look edited on
scot the virign woz
So THIS is what he’s been doing
11:55 Okay please tell me Scott did NOT just diss DK Jungle Climber
man i really liked this game as a child :D
He is finally back !!!
This is number three on trending. Oh my God that's amazing. I love Scott the Woz. And definitely who here would not want to hang out with Scott the Woz. I sure would.   Anytime you want to hang out  Email me and I will hang out with you. LOL not JK
The king is back
why I can't imagine this man out of the character? I just can't stop to ask myself what kind of human being he is out of the camera
When the world needed him most,he returned!
Scott might be able to get his V Card
who knew scott was also into anime fights
The new song at the end is kind of meh
I believe I found my spirit animal.
The new outro theme fucking sucks, but otherwise great video!
HE RETURNED
The king is back with a review of Sex: The Game
I’ve low key never heard, experienced nor imagined this
HES BAAAAACK! Also, new end music? Wh… what?
RETURN OF THE KING
As always, great video
3:19 Anyone catch that “Mario” is referred to as “The Brave CARPENTER”? What other lies have I been told by the council?
The scott has wozing returned!
HE'S BACK YAAAAAAAA
:D Scotts back
Welcome back :D
Hey y’all number 3 trending here
Too much stuff about virginity
The Return of The King
Welcome back King. Your absence was felt.
Nice to see you’re alive Scott.  Hope you can fix your frame rate soon
Wow, NFTs sure have changed over the years.
The game that made him lose all his virginity points
When the world needed him the most: he returned
Nice couch. Perfect for a sex tape!
FINALLY :>
Oddly enough you returned at a time where I'm like ehh I'll watch this later.
I just realised… barrel-blast was the tipping point in Borderline forever. This is the culmination of 1 year of episodes, it’s extremely satisfying to have the episode about breaking these norms foreshadow the episode that embraces the norms. The prophecy was set up 1 year ago!
Bro wtf even was this video - Scott’s on different shit bruh and this new ending music is shit
I love the detail that the DKBB monster looks like hormone chemicals
hi scott :)
let's go
Smash Bros Brawl has made the DK Jungle music from this game incredibly nostalgic for me despite never having played the actual game. Great to have you back, Scott!
Thank god Scott is back, I was worried Madden 09 would find me.
the return of the king
He got to this game
the legend returns
The king is back!
scott
That’s it. I’m beating barrel blast tonight!! New game plus style
Glad to know I have a personality! Haven't played Spelunky yet though
Thrilled to have a new Scott the Woz video.
Scott has brought peace, freedom, justice, & security to all virgins
@20:40 Even the facial expression is Donkey Kong 🤟💛😆
You appear to have slight grudge against Kludge. Video was great especially the end sequence and the custom mug.
This video just made me want to play Donkey Konga and Jungle Beat so badly for some reason, like I didn't even care about them that much before and they aren't even the main focus of the video.
Wait. This video is just scott talking about sex for 40 mins
Cranky's flight school matters
A Super Paper Mario episode would complete my life.
God Scott hits those consonants SO HARD. donKey Kong County
YAY! Scott's back!
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
Using barrel blast as a metaphor for sex in that end speech was actually really sick  Missed you scott from the woz
Imagine if they re-made Excite Trucks
That moment when woz is on trending
I always wondered if Nintendo was evil and somehow smart enough to know that Rare being sold the Microsoft would kill them; and just wanted them out the way as future competition without having to spend any cash. Rare was kinda the only other studio that could make games with that Nintendo charm; perhaps they got worried about it and wanted Microsoft, who's style they wouldn't fit in with, to give them the chop.  Following that logic, I wonder how many people at rare ever ended up with Nintendo after the Microsoft acquisition. Maybe Nintendo figured they would just be able up the pace of first party titles and not worry about 2nd or 3rd parties as much. It's easy to assume that Nintendo just dropped the ball, but it's also not like Rare kept making great titles after they were sold.
Too much sex not enough Gex.
He's alive!
The fabled day has happened
When we needed him most, he returned
dude just used Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast as a metaphor for sex.....    this is why I love scott
Finally
THE LEGEND IS BACK
After four months of no videos (unless you count the best of 2021) we are finally getting more “verginetic cache”.
9:54 damn he took 11 minutes to respond
Loved how much effort was pumped into the ending for such a short amount of time many may miss, and i love the music and anaimation for it mwah chefs kiss
Scott, I'm sorry but you are now what a virgin
Return of the virgin (fr though happy you back)
ah yes my favorite cocaine addict
i haven't been this exited since nintendo switch sports was announced
Finally less gooooo
FINALLY
So u play this game n get f ur wife/girlfriend 13:00 Ok got it
The return of the king
6:10 wth the n64 is still on you monster!!
It's been so long since I've heard that cathartic Hey All. Thanks for returning Scotty boy
que grata sorpresa Scott!! compre ese juego hace pocos dias… que grata coincidencia!!
Lmao I have that same intex blow up pool alligator
WE MISSED YOU 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
The king is back
That new outro music is gonna take some getting used to
I just don’t get the level of appeal behind this channel. The whole “sex” theme for a video about donkey kong, is this supposed to be like post-irony?
Scott ace icon confirmed?????
34:41 Who's hand is that Scott? Don't tell me this entire video concept was predicated on a farce. I'm not going to say that isn't a platonic friend's hand, but just who's hand is it, Scott? Tell us.
Scott has honestly outdone himself with this video, all thanks to his dad
9:00 👍
Scott the Woz is #3 on trending world wide. We won.
In the back of my mind I thought this would be a creative way to announce scott as a dad
scott the no sex man
HE UPLOADED
the king is back
He came bac
Never thought I’d see Scott the Woz reference The Scarlet Letter
I want old outro music
The Woz is back!
I had already forgotten this game existed, but I actually liked it when I played it back in 2009, and I dont know why because looking at it now it really doesnt seem good lol. I guess I liked the characters. I didnt know much of DKC, so I think I just guessed that all those kremlings were from games I had never played
Scott!! Your back!!
FINALLY
Scott is back?! 😳
New Scott the woz!!!
I've missed you bruh :(
NOOOOOOOOOO THE OUTRO CHANGED
He is back
it's been a long time old one
This man needs to be recognized for being an absolute legendary meme lord. I literally hot on a new scott video as soon as i see a new one
RETURN OF THE KING
yoo he's back
I'm sure real life Scott isn't, but in-universe Scott is lowkey an incel.
IVE MISSED YOU SCOTT
Scott looks so much older in this lighting.
SCOTT IS BACK!!!!! JAHSISHSIJWJWHAISHWJSOSIS
3 on trending good job
Every youtuber deserves a break and Scott was long due for one. Welcome back.
BABE WAKE UP NEW WOZ VIDEO
i was afraid scott finally got laid and now he’s back preaching virginity again
wait Ohio didn't kill him?
I'll have you know, I was born over 9 months *prior* to it's mr pants >:L
Scott changed his outro, the day of reckoning has come.
18:35 Can confirm
HES BACK. OMFG HES BACK.
I don’t think this will safe for G4
New Scott the Woz let's gooooo!
It's great to have you back.
I have no Wii console, nor a copy of DK: Barrel Blast. None of my friends do. Yet I still have a son. The game is THAT powerful.
Donkey Kong 94 anyone?
😁😁😁
Scott has just been taking the last few months not having sex, clearly!
YouTube is a happy place once again.
3:54 This should be a meme
Ö
So glad to see you back, Scott!
OUR KING IS BACK
Angry Videogame Nerd looks rather different.
Yes
he actually did it. that mad man.
this video was great, im glad to see you back WHAT THE FUCK HAPPENED TO THE ENDING SONG
Not a single mention of why Tiny Kong suddenly grow up since Diddy Kong Racing DS, and she is the younger sister of Dixie.
HES BACK
when i first saw this i thought it was an old video scott came back with a blast
Our favorite Woz is back and he's still not past his peach fuzz era
Welcome back
The old theme is gone now
*_WELCOME BACK, SCOTT THE WOZ!!!!_*
How the hell did they approve Conker for Diddy Kong Racing? I could see if it was Rareware Racing, but imagine the kids seeing him and wanting his game next 💀
That ending was amazing!
Ahh, he hasn't uploaded since the beginning of 2022 because he was MOVING. Makes sense!
Donkey junior introduces the fact that Mario (jump man) is the bad guy.
There needs to be a standalone release of the montage music at the end.
finally a new video I have been waiting forever. Please do a Elden ring Meta video id love to see your take.
Video be kinda long tho
33:37 I said it does
The wait was worth it
It been a while, about 🤬 time!
Donkey Kong 3 is my favorite of the original trilogy.
Why is 16:09 a fake schedule?  Don't you think we've seen your social media? We know, and we are disappointed, but the time had to come some day.  We knew you would betray the alliance, it's not a surprise. The pact that you made with your fellow virgins has been broken on the 22nd, we know.
Your number 3 on trending
HOLY
When the world needed him most he returned
The legend has returned
Good to have you back but this vid is borderline unwatchable.  Did you finally lose your virginity or something?  I mean, there is far too much unrelated, unfunny material about sex.  You are better than this.
Man!!!!!!
so long for dk barrel blast? respectable
8:34 i did not expect a joke like that from scott. shit cuts deep, lmao
:)
A visceral pain from not hearing the traditional ending song
The legend is back
The prodigal son returns!!
I don’t care anyone saying this is worse game I found it really really enjoyable game and I actually beating the game and finishing all challenge’s
I feel like that mug would be great merch XD
Only Scott could disappear for 5 months then come back with a video about Donkey Kong barrel blast.
Man..... I would LOVE for a new donkey kong country. But without the character gimmicks being a focus (let Dixie have her helicopter glide jump, dk with ground pound, and diddy have his speedy cartwheel...), going back to the gameplay of dkc and the wonderful/beloved donkey kong country 2: diddy Kong's quest, and even dkc3.. with no hearts representing health... one hit per kong. Kremlings as the villains, no weird tiki guys or armored birds. Fantastic soundtrack, and 3 playable kongs (at least. But again, with only the gimmicks I mentioned), and maybe add in 2-4 player ko-op (intentional), and focus on making the gameplay be perfect along with gorgeous levels, awesome bosses, etc, and you got a perfect modern dkc in my opinion. Dkc2 will ALWAYS be my favorite kong game, and it is the game I use as a standard when comparing any other donkey kong 2d platformer's quality. Please, nintendo and rare.... make a true dkc sequel for switch...  Or at least a "donkey kong country maker", so fans can make some truly great games of their own. While I'm dreaming... a super metroid maker, an hd remake of Tomba 1 and 2, brutal legend 2, and metal gear solid 6 (with solid snake as the protagonist), (Pssst, I am a writer, and I've come up with some fantastic ideas ((in terms of story)) for metal gear solid 6, 7, 8, and 9. I'd be happy to share them, konami, as they are all able to fit in lore with no contradictions to the timeline and canon.)
This dethroned Borderline Forever as my favorite Scott episode ever.
You know that entire ending is kinda similar to the whole homophobia thing
Oh thank goodness your alive I thought you died
Donkey Kong is a bitch. This Video proofs it.
Gotta say: I'm pretty disappointed that the first video after the hiatus begins with an extended virgin joke. Of all the colors in Scott's comedy palette, it's definitely the ugliest. I really wish he'd stop leaning on it.  There are some very awful people who believe very awful things because they've focused their lives entirely on their perceived inability to have sex. People continuing to place sex on a pedestal, even in jest, contribute to the climate these people use to reinforce their vile and increasingly violent worldview.  Scott. Please. Enough with the virgin jokes.
I bet you’ll find @Bowblax spelunking in that cave😂
The best thing this game did was make new models for Funky, Tiny, Kritter, and K. Rool so they could be added as playable characters to Mario Super Sluggers
The one-second gag of Scott shaking Rex' hand from the wrong side at 17:34 has sent my sides into the fucking stratosphere
First video of 2022
New Scott video :D
Welcome back, man! I’ve been binge-watching your videos lately and they’re some of my absolute favorites on YouTube.
Scott you went hard with the cursing and the more mature feel I like that
Scott came back for my birthday, this is better than the new shoes i got
Scott finally uploads
I can't believe Scott was NOT having sex this whole time getting rid of the curse. Thank you Scott!
FINALLY BARREL BLASTTTTT! Also does anyone else think this episode felt a bit different to other episodes?
i have missed you, so much
I came out in 2007 (as in I was born, im still kids closeted)
Welcome back! Awesome video!
I wouldn't have been surprised if this video was all a ploy to brag that he lost his virginity. Instead it's kind of a sweet message on how no matter your religion, sexual orientation, or however else you identify, it shouldn't matter how someone else lives their life so long as it isn't dangerous. Well done, Scott.
Another masterpiece from the legend himself!
Kinda wish there was more to the battle at the end than just that.
"You aren't a f*cking creep, you're a f*cking friend."
8:35  sounds a bit familiar.
Donkey Kong '94???
Hey Scott Wozniak heir to the Wozniak family, why did you commit tax fraud and go on the run for months.
16:54 gumball reference
I’m crying tears of joy
Is he back…and amazing as always
30:42 why does his mouth look photoshopped on? Am I going insane?
OH SPIDER-MAN REFRENCE
Microsoft reality hurt themselves doing no conker sequels but oh well Microsoft didn't care about conker..it shows ..what a disgrace
HE IS BACK!
Hey all, Scott’s here… Scott’s here? SCOTT’S HERE?! YES!!!!! (Glad to see you back in my subscription feed. Great episode)
ngl liked the old outro better.
Yay for respecting others
SCOTTTTYYYYYYYY
He hath returned
The return of the King
A Mug
Scott the Woz turns a virginity joke into a deep storyline about accepting others for who they are: the video
The return of the great one has come let the hey all, scott here's commence and bring a new era of prosperity and stupid Nintendo games
*I'm from Ukraine, where are you from?*
16:10 WHAT DID YOU DO ON MAY 22nd SCOTT?
*What country are you watching this video from?*
Was anyone else's audio off? Like it wasn't synced up with his mouth correctly? I tried restarting it several times but it never synced up. I still watched it. I missed this guy!
So happy to see you back, Scott!!! Peace is finally restored! I hope life has been treating you well. This episode was awesome and I can't wait to see more great vids in the future! I can't describe how happy I am to see you back, Scott.
Honey you take the kids to school, Scott the Woz uploaded a new video!
Fuck me - he's not dead! 😍
He’s backkkkkk
I loved this game as a kid lmao 😂😂😂
The last shot should have been him in bed with a girl with the wii controller, and he yells "Dammit!"
Yes finally the video I’ve wanted ever since viral games
He's finally back to kick some tail!
I come here after seeing the GVG What's that Track ! This is my first video on this channel, consider me a fan !
Kinda just relied on the same sex joke for 40 minutes and it got very stale very fast. Cutting the video down to mostly talk about the game instead of ALL the spinoffs would have served this video well
The Return of the King
Ah, classic Nintendo. Allow a competitor to buy one of your best studios, then give one of your most promising IPs to a legitimately terrible developer.
30:40 am I high or did you edit his mouth in post and VO'd the line? Either that or the compression just made it look fake!
He was too busy playing Barrel Blast, it happens
Omg he's back
Another banger of course
Yknow, it's bittersweet hearing a different end credits theme, but the new one is honestly great and I will get used to it very quickly!
Good to have you back Scott, you deserved the break
When the world needed him most...he came back.
would love to see a video on some of the sonic racing games, air riders, team racing, sega all stars etc. !
"Nintendo floundering, how?"  >Holding Kirby star allies  Take that back you son of a bitch
I feel like this video is a prequel to NinjaSexparty's 6969.
When the world needed him most, he returned
Scott The Woz confirmed as asexual? (this is a joke don't stab me)
The return
Finally. a new video.
Oh wow you have a new end theme now Im honestly cool with it
Are Lord has blessed us with another video
I am very happy
<><> sounds great... you dont want that... there sex dolls which is already better
The legend came back
The legend is finally back guys
Contrary to popular belief, Mario's first ever name wasn't Jumpman, but Mr. Video.
Scott's Back! Hope that break you went on was enjoyable!
not even a minute in and already laughed at the AVGN movement when "FU*******************KS" was said
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?
So when are we gonna get a video on PC gaming?
FINALLY! it has been like 50000 years since the last video! he should do one on the mk8d booster pass!
I am a misenthrope.
why was this so political
You barrel-blasted your way into my heart! Oh, wait. That's just indigestion.
RETURN OF THE KING!!!!
Scott!!!! It great to have you back!!!
HE HAS RETURNED
My cat died today. This helped me cope
38:15 woah
Quality Video!
The AVGN of the Scott episodes
Scott says ace rights
Its been 84 years... and scott comes back with a banger video
Putting that out there, but the o's on that calendar really seem to look more like u's the later the month goes.
The king is back!
"HE FUCKED"
Aren't you Snake Pliss-- I mean Scott The Woz?  I Heard You Were Dead.
LETS GO
25:16 No...It's gex
yeee
HE IS BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
2022 has been saved, he's back, 2022 will be the year of the Virgin!
A video about a video game about fictional apes racing produced for the Wii in 2007 is #3 on trending .... how
Wait was this supposed to be about abortion???
Holy shit Scott’s back!
The legend returns.
At 30:40 his mouth is edited on top of his real one. Really well made I barely noticed it 🤯
I love how he doesnt upload for 3 months, but when he does, its donkey kong barrel blast.
We need an uncencored cut of this
DK Barrel Blast was one of the first games we got for the Wii. We enjoyed it a lot, and we sweated alot
klubba moment
NO WAY!!!
to this day i have still not completed the last mission on donkey Kong barrel blast
wake up babe scott the woz just posted
Jesus Christ I thought this was a new DK video game
I love the mashup of scott's two themes at the end and the break out style cover of his new one. I do hope this isn't the last we hear of breakout though, it's so iconic
babe wake up new scott the woz video
wow
Donkey Kong jungle beat was fantastic.
#3 on trending, the world has been waiting for The Return of The King
Kudos to whoever had to dress up as Stanley the Bugman at 4:04 for a 2 second sight gag
return of the king
Good to see you back, VirginTheWoz
now I see where the budget went
I hope we get the 2021 switch review soon.
Pleaseeee five years of switch next!!!
Good to have you back sir
Best anime plot ever
The ending was just a jab at cancel culture I love it
Guys something feels weird, did he change the blue on the outro?
New Scott video? Alright!  On the surface level, this is a comedic review of DK: Barrel Blast with the same Scott tropes/vibes we all have grown to know and love. But I can't help but think there's a subtle message below the jokes and review... I'm certain a smarter person than I would be the one to identify it.  Until then; LOL, bongo jetpack.
Oh good, he is still alive. Totally worth the wait.
I don't know how to feel about dead Wrinkly Kong from DK64 being a racer
Honestly my favorite parts of the video is where he talks about the history of Donkey Kong before the Donkey Kong Barrel Blast game release. And I that agree that this game is a really bad and pointless racing game and that the DK bongos should of have been involved as controller. Also Chunky Kong is not in the game. Disappointed.
In 2012, I almost died from a drug overdose but Jesus Christ saved my life.  During this near death experience, I cried out to the Lord Jesus in prayer and repented to Him for my sins and He saved my life.  Please repent to the Lord Jesus for your sins and then get fully submerged under water as a baptism to God in the name of Jesus and obey what He wants you to do with your life or if you don't do this then when you die you will go to hell.
FINNALY YOU'RE BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Glad to have you back, Scott!
Consider where your soul will spend eternity, heaven or hell.  You don’t want to end up in hell because you rejected the Sacrifice Jesus has made all who repent and turn to him by faith.  We are all guilty of sin.  We lie, steal and look with lust in our hearts.  We are all Guilty before a Holy and Righteous God.  GOD is not just all loving and overlook your sin.  He is loving, but sin He will Judge because He is Perfectly good. The Good news is God the Father sent His Son Jesus Christ who was perfectly Holy to pay the penalty for your and my sin out of Love for us.  We can’t keep the Law we break most all commandments.  But Jesus fulfilled ALL by his perfect thoughts, words, deeds and motives for us because we could not. Jesus loved all humans and God the Father perfectly.  Turn, repent of your sin and confess Your thankfulness for what Jesus did for you.  Put your faith in the perfection and the righteousness of Christ.  Jesus was raised from death to give you new life; death has been defeated. Out of love and grace eternal life is promised to those who have faith.             ././   /. ./                               ./                                                    /. /. /. /. /././
Y'know, as an asexual, this describes my life story.
Scott woz gone, but now we've Scott him back
I didn’t think that this silly episode would have a deep message about sexuality and how you choose to live with it not defining you as a person. I mean, I know it sounds far fetched but just replace DK Barrel Blast with sex in the final speech  “Sex is always going to exist no matter what. And as long as it’s not forced on anybody, who cares? We shouldn’t judge people who have it or not. Having it doesn’t make you disgusting, and not having it doesn’t make you a loser. We’re all adults here, and on different paths of life. Maybe you’ve already had sex or maybe you haven’t. But it doesn’t make you a better or worse person because of it.”  “I let my own way of life cloud my judgement of others. I know that I’m against everything sex stands for, but that doesn’t mean people should be chastised for doing what they love. Jeb, you aren’t a fucking creep. You’re a fucking friend.”  “You know, it was wrong of me to think so lowly of you because you don’t enjoy sex. I mean, I personally love sex but that doesn’t mean you have to.”  “As long as they’re not hurting others or themselves, what gives me the right to want them to conform to what I am? All that matters it that I’m comfortable with myself.”
He busted down the door and in the next cut the door was just open
how has scott made a brilliant metaphor for asexuality out of a god damn mammal
This was a wild (barrel) ride
12:59 This is where the video actually starts.
this entire video lands completely differently when you're asexual it's actually genuinely amusing   Welcome back, Scott! Hope you're doing well.
#2 on trending after his hiatus, Scott is basically the Kendrick Lamar of YouTube, masterpiece
WAIT NEW OUTRO?????????
Scott’s Dad was the unsung hero in this
WHERE'S MY 3D DOT GAME HEROES THEME AT THE END?
Why did it turn into Evangelion
Holy shit its Scott the woz
The endcard won’t be the same without breakout. It feels like a big chunk is gone now.
You have been missed
HES BACK YES YES YES
This was a really cool episode, dude! I love your work and the time you put in it with your friends. I shall be waiting for your next video.
Finally, some representation
why is the DONKEY KONG: BARREL BLAST episode raunchier than Wii Dare, Tinder, *and* Homecoming?
good god, what happened to 3d dot games breakout?!
#2 on trending 👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿👏🏿
Let's go break over. I've been patiently waiting.
whoa...did they superimpose Rex's mouth OVER HIS MOUTH at 30:42?
PLS Scott The Woz, your videos are so random and amazing, never stop of doing them.
asexuality:
Man the endding was like an anime vibe
So that's what you were doing in those 3 months. Restoring virginity
U depress , he said I schizophrenic I said
HES BACK BABY
First video of 2022. Nearly 6 months in
The legend is back
#2 ON TRENDING scot is back
Wait what, i just realized he changed his outro song
Believe or not I actually didn’t know WHY this game was bad until today
The king has returned
hello bros today i ordered my 3ds xl with planet robobot, paper jam bros and sticker star so hype right now
Great to have you back Scott!
I want to be one of the first ones to note that I dont believe Scott is a true Virgin.
Scott’s big scandal will be when someone comes forward and leaks that they’ve been in a happy sexual relationship with him for years.
Amazing
Apparently when Microsoft bought Rare Right after purchase a couple of Microsoft executives thought they owned  Donkey Kong since they saw posters around the studio and they said naw we don’t but hey we got banjo
He has returned!
Welcome back my friend
Hey Scott, you know they bringing Donkey Konga back for Switch? xD
The return of the king
you are a king
There's only 3 things I remembered about DK Barrel Blast; 1) I had a good time and 100% the game. 2) multi-player mode was enjoyable 3) an artist named LordStevie solo about 90% of Kalypso rule34 making her popular for a few good years.  So yeah, it was a decent game.
35:43 made me laugh way too hard just by looking at this
It just seems like a gimmick game without its gimmick.
This video was like a 'Nice 69' fever dream of virginity, bongos and a monkey with shades flying through the jungle on said bongos, knowing full well his virginity would be toast after that race with kludge.
funny the calendar pointed to the correct date of the video release. betray the alliance
This will 100% get age restricted even tho it was funny as hell
He back :)
While I do not care for the skits, I do appreciate the message that they tell and I do respect the bongos
this is second only to the most popular youtuber in the US rn. holy shit
Just for my personal sanity,whenever i see Scott overfilling a wine glass, I imagine a massive Tupperware container on the floor to keep it from messing up the carpets.
So glad you’re taking the time to figure out how to balance work and life. Also very glad this video was made.
Welcome back man
I think Scott is no longer a virgin guys 😔
26:35 The fact that your Wii remote doesn't have the transparent "A" button makes me uncomfortable
Things are right in the world again, now that I got my Scott fix.  And I just wanna say, Breakout... Absolute banger. This new one?... *Absolute banger as well.* It's gonna take awhile to adjust, but we're going from good, to another good.
He’s finally back!
Plz 1subckerib 🙏🙏🥺🥺
The story arc in this video was wild
HE DID IT!... HE BEAT THE APE! A you really stuck it to the man right there and the man is the bitch and the bitch is the ape!...  -Rex mose
I always liked Dk King of Swings art style.
Wow spray foam and spray paint?! Production is through the roof Scott!
I'll never forget the first time I, uh, played Barrel Blast... Yeah.  The hype was through the roof, but I soon learned that Barrel Blast was super overrated and not at all worth the amount of work I had to put into it. I kept trying to get into it, I did several playthroughs, but each time was just as, if not more, disappointing than the last. Eventually I stopped playing the game altogether, and it really makes you feel like a target. Everyone makes fun of people who don't play Barrel Blast, you can say it's because you don't enjoy it, but they usually don't believe it, and will say it's because you couldn't find a copy. I shouldn't be made to feel worthless because I don't like something you do. How good you are at Barrel Blast, how much you like Barrel Blast, how many times you've beaten Barrel Blast, it doesn't matter, and it never will. Just do your thing, and don't be a dick to others for doing their own thing, as long as neither of those things is hurting anyone of course...  Thank you Scott, for validating my position that Barrel Blast isn't all it's cracked up to be, and that it's ok not to like it. I think I can finally sell my copy... wait...
What I got from this video: Scott has too much sex between video uploads.   He sacrificed his virginity for all of us!
I'm glad to see another one of your masterpieces. Keep it up!
When the world needed him most, he came back
6:09 can you please turn off the console before removing the cart sir
Scott, Where the hell have you been?
He finally remembered his password
The Return of the king.
Barrel Blast literally has Funky Kong in it. How could it possibly be anything but 10/10?
YAY!   Am Glad you're back.    Thought the g4tv CURSE got you.   Whew!     💯👍🙏🏻😇❤👏🧠🕹🎮💡
The bongos are the main way I knew the existence of the Game Cube
based
I did it
Thank god! I was worried you had gone and got married or something.
I believe in virginity.
13:34 🤣
This is one of the best Scott vídeos XD (but watching it made me say f!ck, damn it)
Oh Scott must need some quick cash. *posts biannual video*
The king has returned!
Barrel Blast is the perfect game to give to an overactive kid. If they were anything like me, they'd keep waggling the wii motes thinking you had to do it CONSTANTLY to maintain top speed.
Crash Nitro Kart did the whole "heroes vs. villains" thing way better, and it sucked too. It had some decent _ideas,_ and admittedly it was the first Crash game I ever played (long story short I had no clue about the series until NST came out), but CTR, CTRNF, and hell, if you're one of the Super Circuit types even the GBA CNK is better.    Also why isn't CTRNF on PC Activision you incarnation of Mammon in a clown suit
missed u bae
This made my year. we love new scott videos
FINALLY A NEW VIDEO
Everyone remove your hats in respect of Breakout in the outro
About damn time!
Scott's finally talking about DK Barrel Blast which means he's finally going to lose his virginity
Finally some content I can get behind!
HES BACK
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.       !...
Return of the king
Happy return and hope you had a nice time playing B*rrel  Bl*asst
Lmao glad to see Scott is back, and the new outro may not be breakout, but it sure slaps just as hard!
SCOTT
Who else paused at 7:31 and read the title of the newspaper?
I miss the old Rare , it made the n64 so good
BETRAY THE ALLIANCE
Oh hell yea
I give this episode 12 knee slaps out of 5!
Return of the King
OH THANK GOD, I WAS ABOUT TO GO INSANE
THE GOD IS BACK
Our love is stronger than a golden bananaaaaaa
22:44 Uuhhh, I think you just described beat saber
YES YES YES
It's almost been 4 months but holy shit was that wait worth it, this is brilliant
He returned when they needed him the most.
So glad my parents played this game, I exist because of it
WHAT WAS THAT!?
Nice that we have the tv theme incorporated now. It's the perfect song to initiate sex with after a rousing game of Donkey Kong Barrel Blast on the Wii
Where in earth have you been.. ahh this explains it 🤣
HE HAS RETURNED  WITH donkey kong: barrel blast,  THE GAME THAT PEOPLE LOSE THEIR VIRGINITY TO
Been a while since Scott's made a video and its #2 on trending
No virginity was harmed during the filming of this episode. I can't say the same for that table.
how i've missed that blue border
not Viagra
The return of the king
Congrats on #2 for trending!
The Breakout Era of Scott the Woz had come to an end.
HEEEEEESSSS  BACCKKKKK
Hes not dead thats cool
The return of the Wozniak, and the end of Virginity?  Maybe… EDIT: Virginity secured.
Nice job loading up with adds! 38 mins and there’s been an add every 6 mins
20:13 R.I.P Table
Mrs rea my former precalc teacher says hi 👋
He is back
Amazing video, but the ending was a bit rushed
I thought he died. I'm glad he's still alive. Thank W0z.
I hope you enjoy your new house.  It looks nice.
can we talk about scott betraying the alliance? 16:10
We love you Scott just know it's okay to take breaks take as many as you need we will still be waiting for you
wishing you the best morning/night — remember, what we think, we become 🧠💰
Good to see you back Scott. Just as my exams are finished.
YESSSSS IVE WAITED SO LONGGGGG
Good lord... he's back...
A legend has returned
This should be played in Health Class
HE HAS RISEN AGAIN!!!!
wouldnt be surprised if scott accidentily said konky dong
Asexual icon
I was genuinely worried for Rex Mohs' health near the end there. Glad to see him make a full recovery, though!
WELCOME BACK!!!!! I MISSED YOU!!!!
13:23 now THAT is commitment
finally
Medmen now offering Global trademark franchising teaming with Tilray in the Fastest growing Marijuana Industry.  Set your Family up for Life. Show your Support for Legalized Marijuana.  Buy Mmnff stock today!!
Holy shit he did not make a speech at the end using barrel blast as a metaphor for prejudice towards sexual activity. I love it.
I can’t tell if he referenced army of darkness at the start or not
when we needed him the most, well he  came back 😃
And just like that the king is back
Scott is the only American I have ever heard that can pronounce Worcestershire correctly.  I can't believe it took this long.
I wanna know the story of what happened at 30:42
There’s just one question thats remains in my head, how are kids born before Barrel Blast, was there some sort of stork?  Edit: ok so we can all agree we can call the monster, the “Anti-Virginity”
Omg I’ve missed you. 😭
Finally! We've reached later! And what a video it was!
I was starting to worry about the channel not coming back. I was literally just looking yesterday and saw how long it's been since the last upload. Good to see you again, Scott
Back from the clutches of G4, he's here to save me from my non-virginity. Thanks for your hard work Scott.
This is the horniest episode... I am here for it
He’s back! 😄
I like that the monster was made out of sex hormones
YES!
Holy shit, it's a Scott sighting.  This is not a drill, I repeat, THIS IS NOT A DRILL.
I’m having a [barrel] blast watching this! Thanks Scott!
My god its here
Wow Scott what took you so long
he´s back he´s back
You really expect me to believe this handsome devil is a *virgin* ?
Mike McCartney
Welcome back king!
FINALY! The King Posted Again!
Thanks for making yet another great review of an entry into the Gex series! :)
This video is hilarious
HIS OUTRO, HIS OUTRO MUSIC IS DIFFERENT!!!
No sex run is absolutely the best Speedrun category of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast to ever exist
Truly worth the wait.
The production value on this was worth the wait thanks Scott!!!
Our king returns
What’s with some parts having voice over instead of them actually speaking like the first scene 16:50 feels completely voiced over then at 36:41 there is a part muted and re voiced
HE HAS RETURNED
I still don't understand why companies name their games differently depending on the region. my only assumption is copyright.
just to validate this game in my mind im going to pretend that this game is the sole cause of us getting funky kong in mk wii
16:06 glad to see "Expand Dong" still lives.
HE'S BAAAAACK
If this gets 100 likes, I’ll make a full Scott the Woz lore video
Ladies and gentlemen we've reached the renaissance era of Scott the Woz
The fact this game even exists is a crime against donkey kong Also RIP breakout
The King is back
Welcome back Scott
this is the return i needed
I’m so happy you’re back Scott, missed your content these last 6 months. Didn’t expect such a deep DK retrospective to lead up to Barrel Blast but I’m not complaining.  Hope you do better about giving yourself some time off!
Say what you want about waving the Wii controllers around frantically but playing this game gave me Popeye forearms and I've never looked back.
You can also brush your teeth with mice... I'm dieing from laughing lol
That new outro song is gonna take getting used to
almost lost my virginity card to some girl.thanks Scott to remind I have to keep my virginity card at all cost.
Dear "Hey y'all, Scott here", thank you so much for your content! :) I really enjoy it.
I fell asleep last night in bed thinking "wow, I wonder where Scott has been? I kinda miss him" (no joke).
Wow #2 on trending
OMG OMG OMG OMG OMG GOD HAS RETURNED WITH BOUNTIFUL HOARDS OF HEAVEN
35:15
"For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life."     -John 3:16 God gave us his only son Jesus Christ who Lived a sinless Life then died on the cross to endure our punishment, he rose again on the 3rd day and is currently seated at the right hand of God the Father Almighty.   We have all sinned against the Perfect and Holy God that gave us Life, we all deserve the Punishment of Hell for our sin/rebellion against him.  We have all Broken the Moral Law in our Hearts, even if you don't believe in Jesus, or have never heard of him or the Law of Moses or the Bible, you are still sinful and on your way to Hell. But the GOOD News is that Jesus Christ took our sin upon himself by being Crucified and shed his Blood as payment for our Sins.   He took our Punishment and gave us his reward of Eternal Life in Heaven  Jesus is returning to Judge the world soon my Friends Please Repent and believe in his sacrifice and Love for you, believe in him as your Lord and Saviour, and you shall be saved.   May God Bless you all.
when the world needed him the most he returned
Literally thought about the next video Scott will post when he comes back, so glad he’s back
Wahoo! Scott can finally get his V card!
SCOTT IVE MISSEDYOU SO MUCHTHANK YOU
Yoooooo Scott’s back
Scott HAS AWOKEN!! with DONKEY MONG BARREL BLAST!!
A great return to form Scott, this is one of your most concisely written videos you’ve put out and I loved the whole thing. Glad to have you back
HE’S BACK!
*YYYEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAH* HEEEEEES BACK BABYYYYYY
Wake up honey   Scott the Woz just uploaded a new video
BREAKING NEWS: congress SHUTS DOWN after plastic-obsessed virgin returns from 5 month hiatus
꧁3:36꧂   YES, Yes He is!!!
Im glad at least he got the mug.
Its been too long man, great video though
At one point, the time comes where donkey Kong barrel blast (tm) will take your virginity too
Holly shit it's Scott the woz
Virgin power and lives matter
That was one of the funniest episodes yet!
Scott, I'm always amazed at how you manage to remain a virgin despite your distaste for JRPGs.  Truly a man of principles.
I love Donkey Kong barrel blast :)
HES BACK
HES BACKKKKK
I love opening with the Hellraiser theme.
I'm so good I don't lose ever. I didn't even lose my virginity after I had sex.
Been a long time since your last video.
What a freaking BANGER. Instant classic Scott the Woz video and I was literally just thinking the day before this came out “man I haven’t seen Scott in a while I wonder why YouTube algorithm isn’t showing me his videos..?!” So this was a pleasant surprise to say the least
Hmmm... 🤔 I think I'd FFF__ __K The Woz. . .
Where is the outro music. Is it safe. Is it alright?
"It's been a year daddy. I really really miss you"
Holy over-editing and forced plot, wtf is this man I used to like your vids but this was just annoying
My man is the Virgin King
When we needed him most... he came back.
Interaction
RETURN OF THE KING!!!!
Oh yes he’s back
I played barrel blast with my step sister
Scott jokes a lot, but I bet he gets his fair share of geeky girls.
Jesus Scott, okay I get it, you are busy getting laid.
Nice to have you back, Scott
I went through a whole semester of college waiting for this
Well worth the wait!! 😃
HE’S BACK HE’S BACK HE’S BACK HE’S BACK!!!!!!!!!
As a European i thank you for bleeping out Barrel Blast.
00:53 heh
OK Scott Whatever you say
#2 on trending!
Our boy <3
FINALLY! The man, the myth, the Gex fanboy
Return of the King
i haven't seen you since the plague
@6:09 Scott yanks out DKR while the N64 is on like a psychopath lol  Love the new video tho ^^
Laughed so hard hahaha, this video is exelent, and all made without sex
Thank you for coming back
Scott's back! And the day before my graduation! I couldn't ask for a better send-off
Never in my life did I think I would hear about caveman sex in relation to Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast, but here we are.
I hope all the new episodes are tokusatsu
Fun fact: the not viagra pills are called lexapro
banger vid thank you scott
Good to have you back screaming on my screen, man.
Make great content, get money!
THE RETURN OF THE KING 👑!!!!!!!!
Donkey Kong < Donkey Kong Jr.
Our favorite chicken boy is back, yeeesss!
Finally got my fix of “hey all, Scott here.” Missed you a bunch man
The wait was totally worth it as soon as I saw the title, and heard him say: "Hey all, Scott here"
so wait, was this a coming out video? or about a racing game?
Barrel Blast is a weird game that was almost done right but Nintendo tripped over the bongos one evening and decided not to make them compatible with the game out of spite. Loving the new remixed ending theme by the way!
Okay, this shit with you talking about virginity/sex and it's relation to games has reached it's breaking point.  Your disgusting.
A love you
You had me at “hey y’all, Scott here.”
I thought this game was never released. I completely missed this game entirely Edit: I know realize i was thinking of that Donkey Kong racing game u mentioned that was cancelled
He's baaack
THE RETURN OF THE KING
HE'S ALIVE!!!
Your the best virgin ever scott and wtf new ending song THX for this great video
The king has returned, and of course,      It’s with Barrel Blast.
Love this game
New outro caught me off guard
Scozzy wozzy back we celebrate
*love* the new ending theme
Welcome home Scott.
Jesus Christ is the ONLY way to Heaven! Believe Jesus is the Son of God. Read the Bible. Doomsday is on the horizon. To believe in Jesus, because: 1) He is the only One who emptied himself, to be a servant of all. 2) He is the only One who came to the earth and took an initiative to make a relationship with people. 3) He is the only One who died, rose again, and ascended to heaven. 4) He is the only One who dedicated all his life to live for God. 5) He is the only One who sent us to be the witness, to tell the world about His story. 6) He is the only One who claimed God as the Father. 7) He is the only One who has brought the messages about unchanging faith, hope, and love!..
Scott I've missed u
Return of the King
Finally
I knew he was up to something when he disappeared. No one was ready for this...
He did it, he beaten the curse that causes people to not have sex
He has returned….
Jesus. Dude spends like 15-20 mins of this video complaining that it doesn’t use the bongos. Get over yourself man.
Finally! Betrayal never felt this good!  The Alliance will remember this.
Barrel Blast was just ahead of its time. If it released today, it would just be a cheap mobile game and end up mediocre instead of bad.
our savior has returned
Thank you for uploading on my Birthday Scott! My fav YouTube's gave me the best birthday gift !
Hey all! Scotts back!
HE’S BACK BAYBEE AND THIS TIME HE FUCKS
When the World needed the most: he came back
Unpopular option I actually enjoyed this game 🤷‍♂️😕
Welcomed back scott 😊
22:50 Samba from Samba de Amigo is crying
HE'S BACK!!!!
They made DK the Step child for Nintendo unfortunately.. 🤦🏻‍♂️
He's ... He's back
Respect to you Scott. The prophecied Hero has returned.
Jesus Christ is the ONLY way to Heaven! Believe Jesus is the Son of God. Read the Bible. Doomsday is on the horizon. To believe in Jesus, because: 1) He is the only One who emptied himself, to be a servant of all. 2) He is the only One who came to the earth and took an initiative to make a relationship with people. 3) He is the only One who died, rose again, and ascended to heaven. 4) He is the only One who dedicated all his life to live for God. 5) He is the only One who sent us to be the witness, to tell the world about His story. 6) He is the only One who claimed God as the Father. 7) He is the only One who has brought the messages about unchanging faith, hope, and love.
This video is about Virginity, and Donkey Kong. Never thought those two things would be possible together but here we are!
The return of the king
missed you
Finally a new episode!!!!
You’re finally back!
Goodbye Breakout. 😔
What happened to the outro music??
I originally had two sets of the bongos. Sold them after they gathered dust. Then I saw some at Goodwill... and cashed-the-hell-in several times. With a Magic Eraser in hand, I cleaned those $2 bongos up, tested them, and made a few bucks to fund my being a "Not Playing Donkey Konga Games Non-Virgin"!. And trust me, with the mad cash I made on those bongos I had tons of hot a$$! My ex-wife was rather upset at the time, but every girl that slept with me was hotter and nicer than her. So: win-win!
the return of the king
The scarlet letter refrance lol
Great a new upload. Keep em coming
I'm gonna miss Breakout, but I'm glad Scott's back.
I'm also glad that you are back with a new one, thanks.
RETURN OF THE KING
i never thought i'd live to see the day that Scott makes a Scarlett Letter reference; AP Lit did me good today
Jesus Christ is the ONLY way to Heaven! Believe Jesus is the Son of God. Read the Bible. Doomsday is on the horizon!
Just when I thought my eyes could no longer feel joy!
He did it. He did the thing.
Wow another scott the woz
Scott, you fool, the answer was in front of you all along! Polyamory would give you all the personalities you wanted
Damn scott looks like a man and not like a boy in this one. He has a jaw line i never noticed
THE KING IS BACK!
He's talking about Donkey Kong Barrel Blast?  Guys, Scott's not a virgin anymore.
Objection! Scott has had sex and therefore his opinions are invalid no man can understand donkey Kong and get box at the same time
Wow, this one was great!
the last minute of the video is where majority of the past 5 months of production has gone into
bruh. the bew ending song is LIT!  Can you review 3d dot game heros now? ❤
Actually it's canon that Jumpman is Mario's dad Mario's full name is Mario Jumpman
I have never played this game and will still never play this game, but I loved this video.
So this is the Sonic R of the Donkey Kong series... got it
Big dong
wb dude
Holy crap hes back: Important
Excuse me- THIS GAME RELEASED IN NORTH AMERICA ON MY BIRTHDAY???
THE KING HAS RETURNED
We stan our ace king Scott the Woz!!! 😍😍😍
What are the odds Nintendo might buy back Rareware.
It’s the second coming of Christ.
The man is back!
He’s baaaaack
Oh how I missed the blue borders
Props to scott for taking every copy of this horrible game out of circulation 😂
The metaphorical themes and lessons about blasting barrels is very powerful and emotional
17:55 in Japanese is also jet race... lol
can we get a scott the woz themed video game please?
First upload of the year and he chooses the same weekend as EDC
Scott the Woz being an Asexual Icon
He here
15:16 It's kinda ironic to censor Barrel Blast for Europeans instead of censoring Jet Race for Americans as Jet Race is the original name in Japan and it was only replaced by Barrel Blast in America.
Donkey Kong ass Donkey Kong’s donkey Kong ass donkey Kong ass.
No break out theme 😔
Happy to see you back again, Scott! ❤️ Hope you’re well! And definitely worth the wait.
Holy shit scot the woz
Ur back :)
Heyyy been a while! Good to see u again Scott!
30:41. Why was his mouth video-editted over for dialogue? Was he originally saying something else? Great attempt though to the editor.
Babe wake up, new Scott the Woz video
This feels like a trans allegory and I am here for it.
Scott the woz Ace rights activist
Scott's back Return of the King
God this episode had so many killer jokes in it, for real though? Like 16:40 really just killed me, like im dead- im dead, im fuuuucking dead...  Scott really just doesnt know how to drop off even 5 years in😩 Also Breakout is fucking dead, long live Breakout!...
Return of the Woz
I feel like we’ve entered a new era of Scott
HES HERE THE CHOSEN
At last!
27:45  Holy shit he pronounced Worcestershire correctly-
Hi
Amazing start to the season. Excellent video. Was already hoping/expecting Rex to show up as soon as abstinence was required. Good to have you back! Cant wait to see what's next! o7
GUESS WHO'S BACK
asexual icon
Scott betrayed the alliance yesterday?
He has risen
I thought you died, bro
13:33 DEEPFAKE BAD LIPSYNC WHO DID SHE REALLY KILL WHAT ARE YOU HIDING WHO ARE YOU PROTECTING
On one hand, this particular arrangement of this song is kind of ear-grating. On the other, the song still slaps. Would have preferred he just used the arrangement from the show, cause that one slaps even harder.
Scott the woz and the last virgin
It'll be a dark, terrible day if Scott loses his virginity. It would mean end times are encroaching
I think the way Scott makes his videos is he finds something in his room, goes "OH GOSH WHAT THE HECK IS THIS?? and proceeds to make a video about it.
Yes
Missed this dumb shit! Hurrah for Scott!
Good to see you again, Scott.      By the way, is new outro music gonna be yours from now on?
Did… Did Scott use a Donkey Kong game to spread a message about sex positivity?
Bruh, I remember back in season 1 when Scott first started memeing on this game. Crazy to think how long ago that game was.
17:44 i love how rex Walks in without his pants right when the jingle starts playing lol
I just watched 38 minutes of a virgin criticising a bad video game and hating on sex. Best 38 minutes spent!
finally a new scott the woz
I loved Donkey Kings as a kid. But after beating it 2 times and having a fall out with a friend that all we did was play Pokémon and DK games I sold them. Always regretted it.
He's back, finally
Why specifically the adaptation of Charlie And the Chocolate Factory? Why would you wanna remember that?
The mad lad actually made a video on this gem
Diddy Kong racing seems like it would've been pretty impactful. I'm shocked I've never heard of it until now.
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Man I feel like so much happened last night. The boys texted a dead group chat asking to hang out and a Scott The Woz vid comes out?? Pog
The boy is back!
HE UPLOADED!?!??!!?? ITS SO NICE TO SEE YOU BACK SCOTT!!!!
Dang Scott, that G4 misadventure aged you like a president!
finaly
Omg hiiiii
Thanks, dad!
Yay he Is not dead
I guess decompletionists are also safe from this game.
Lets appreciate Scotts father figure, without him this video wouldnt be possible.
So glad to see you again.
I did not expect this to be a huge educational video about the issues of the societal construct of virginity
I CAN NOT EXPLAIN HOW MUCH I MISSED YOU
The goat is back again
37:29 i watched this part in 0.25 speed and it really makes the experience even better, it went by a lottle bit too fast for me personally to even get what waa going on excactly initially, watching it 4 times as slow really made me appreciate it a lot more and it was more emotional and it was like a little story.
HE IS BACK!
So that's where Scott's been for the last 5 months.
Welcome back!
And with the upload of this one video, the world was brought back to a normal and better place once again.
HE'S BACK
“Funky controls.”
How the hell do you make a video about a donkey Kong game almost 40min long???
Funky controls
I only wanted you to know that you're the best, never stop making such amazing videos
The return
The fact that Scott's dad is a donkey Kong expert is insane
Someone had to read The Scarlet Letter
Welcome back, sir.
Still waiting for the video about the L button
Breakout 3d dot game heroes will be missed
38:15 Excuse me?
This video could be in the textbook definition of virginity
Agent Stone: HE’S BACK!!!
Holy poop, your production value has shot up over the break. Glad to see you back Scott & gang!
NO WAY!
Dokkyy konggg yaaayyyyy
HES BACK
The return of the king!
He’s back
You were so close with the correct style of black leather couch.
It’s now a tradition of mine to watch Scott’s tv intro before watching a new episode
Scott returns after 3 months with the quest for virginity Awesome
god i cannot put into words how good it feels to see the couch trio back in action– that action being getting no action, of course.
Scott and Rex realise they’re asexual and accept others for enjoying consensual acts. A story for the ages.
He is ok :)
Glad you're back!
i have been waiting for a long time for your next video. totally worth the wait!
Barrel Blast being released without Bongo Controller support reminds me of when they released Resident Evil Survivor... a lightgun game with lightgun support removed... Embarrassing
ah yes the (aro)aces and the allos
High quality video, worth the wait.
video starts at 20:00
That moment you realize Sonic Riders Zero Gtavity stole the Wild Moves from this game... and actually did it worse.
SCOTT !!!!!!!!!!
AT LAST! THE MESSIAH HAS RETURNED!!! (Love you Scott)
RIP old outro
35:55 this time stamp is just for me nothing to see here folks
I don't know mannnn... You are a kill with fire candidate.  You look too much like a young Bill Gates :)
What if Scott has sex with that one lawyer chick?
I think Ben would like this^
As a (probably the only) lemmy main, I welcome new tyres wholeheartedly
The return of the king
The Return of the king
NO THE OUTROOOO
Great video Scott!  Looking forward to all your videos this year!
Welcome back!
We need a Scott’s Dad reveal
Return of the king
HES FINALLY BACK
35:29 I got an advertisement immediately after Rex died
Our favorite virgin is back
You skipped *Nintendo Switch: 5 years in* for BEATING BARREL BLAST!?    All jokes aside: IT'S GOOD TO HAVE YOU BACK SCOTT!
We needed him…and he answered our calls.
How many cans of spray foam did you guys go through to make that room haha?
Holy crap he did it, he beat barrel blast
holy shit he made an episode weezer fans can understand
Oh shit he’s back!
yay
I love reading 'The Pause That Frame Times'
Welcome back. A lot of people had wondered where you went, even YouTubers.
The legend returns!
HES BACK
All is good with the world again.  Scott the Woz has posted a new video!!!
I just realized: Chunky Kong isn't in this game. Lanky and Tiny Kong are, but not Chunky. Make of that what you will.
I completely expected and called that Barrel Blast would be his first video back lol welcome back Scott
YES SCOTTS BACK
THE DAY IS FINALLY HERE
Holy shit it’s Scott the Woz
I love that this guy isn't a fan of anime games but made a whole ass anime type ending to the vid lmao
nobody: litterally nobody:   how fucking hard scotts videos go:
4:04 Danhausen fucks
16:42 average parents if teenagers
Jontron is back baby!
When the world needed him the most he returned
15:35 scot holding one of the most underrated film of the 2000nds
Diddy kong racing was a classic
yay you're back! the wait felt like an eternity... you know... maybe put less effort into your videos so they can be done faster like... year 1 scott was already perfect you don't need this level of quality it's nice sure! but... it seems to slow things down WAY too much buuuut that's just my opinion i'll wait as long as i need to
I am so grateful you are back Scott! This has made my day!
Mom get the camera, Scott is back
THE GUY IS BACK
When the world needed him most, he returned
HE'S BACK
YEAHH A NEW VIDEO
Thanks for killing humanity Scott. Finally I have an excuse for not doing a test in Friday
I was never aware that a Donkey Kong racing was in development and now my life is infinitely worse…
You're not the hero we deserve, but you're the hero we need.
Finally the 4 worst months are over
You're our Messiah Scott! You saved the AroAce community! Helped protect virgins everywhere! We worship and salute you! :D
Scott I think your video is broken. It played the wrong music at the end
3:19 I’m sorry Scott but where in God’s name did you find this image? I’ve been searching for over half an hour and I still can’t find it
He’s finally back LETS GOOOOOO
WOOOOOOOOOOOO YEAAAAAHHHH BABYYYYYYYY THATS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THATS WHAT ITS ABOUT!!!
HOW. DID I NOT. EXPECT THIS?
What if this entire video is a setup to tell us scott is having a child
This guy is f*cking insane and I love it.
New Scott the woz lore: sex was apparently invented in 2007
I remember donkey Kong was supposed to be a Popeye game, but Nintendo couldn't license it in time so it became Donkey Kong. Is that plagiarism..?
HE'S BACK ❤
Scott needs to be an actor or a comedian if one day he’ll want to do something else. His talent is really showing along side his amazing creativity
THE RETURN OF THE KING
I kinda thought he was dead. And JonTron was uploading.
Showing this to my kids to teach them human empathy.
The king is back!
He's back
I like the little nod to the intro from Skyward Sword
Love you Scott!! Welcome back!
SCOTT’S ALIVE?
Chills. I have chills.
YEEEESEESEEEEESWEWWEEEWEEEEEES
Very cool
Nintendo switch 5 years in?👀
I'm so happy he's back ☺️
return of the king
Hark , the prophecy hath finally come to fruition. Scott the woz has finally returned.
Finally a new Scott video!   Scott my man please upload weekly ok?
Return of the king
good video dude
The Woz has returned.
Glad you're back Scott with more amazing videos and that he still has his virginity.
Oh look, Scott is Alive.
Hey all! He's back.
scott the woz is now scott the is. the return of the king
The different outro song caught me off guard, but the entire video was amazing
Hesssssss baccccck
Breakout out, break in in. This sounds so bad to say.
Scott the woz you make really funny videos
The return of the king.
Nice to see you back, boi. Keep up the fantastic work!
Oh wow Scott's here
Yes
Finally he uploads and it's for DONKEY KONG BARREL BLAST
Great video, but I really miss the old outro music already :c
16:44 this part alone makes me hope that we will get the bloopers of this video.
What the hell, scott is alive?
YES, THE KING IS BACK
Oh my gosh...he's back
the end of an era
He's back
I beat all my games without having sex thank you for the life changing video
It's been 84 years
Return of the King
Love the new end jingle. I also love how the end was just a shounen anime.
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Normally, I’d cry shit and bitch about the thought of doing anything *at all*
Is this just Scott's way of coming out as asexual
When the protagonists main theme plays during the final fight
Praise Scott the God
welcome back scott!!!
Return of the Legend: Scott Wozniak
I'd like to think in the good timeline, Senator Rex would get a role in Metal Gear Rising 2
But every week my Life Involves mentioning Barrel Blast.
What if he changed the outcome music for more than meets the eye? What if for 300 episodes he plays "3d Block Game Heros" and when he gets to the breakout part, he remembers it and then the universe collapses
We all know that someone will count how many times scott said donkey kong on this video.
Ah, Donkey Kong: B*rrel Bl*st. The perfect sex tape.
The sex and virginity thing was a bit too much and I still watched this thing to the end. How?
It was worth waiting 3 months to get a video about Donkey Kong Barrel Blast
25:12 casual virtual boy in background
I want a metal song with Scott as the singer
I dont know how to feel about the exlusion of Breakout
The king has returned
You know who isn't a vergin, Terri Lessler ;)
What do we think about people who like to watch people while they play barrel blast??
The return of the king
At first I didn’t see this video because I’d assumed I’d already watched it, but thankfully I realized I didn’t.
Scott it’s been 3 months
14:07 I want to see a reality where the Willy Wonka and the Chocolate factory video game is compatible with the DK bongos
THE GRAND RETURN
Bread
The legend has returned
I’ve been waiting for this for awhile
#11 on trending lol
He’s finally back!
Hey Scott👋🙂
HE'S BACK! HE'S BACK!!
YESSS HE IS BACK
i mean the rare devs who made Goldeneye already left before the buy out i'm pretty sure
Holy fucking shit a new video by the guy who owns sonic jam!
Scott's finally back!!
The legend has returned!
AAA WELCOME BACK!!!!
I like how scott the woz now has a soundtrack
dead god he is back
I apologize everyone, this video gave me second hand effects and I began f*cking.
Jungle Beat was a fantastic game, had so much fun with that on the Cube
the return of the king
I SAW THIS AND I FREAKED OUT     All that's left is the "L" button
Yeeeeeeees
Man I missed: “Hey y’all, Scott here”
Continued by the myths of the Donkey Konga, not a single donkey in the game ….
HE’S BACK!
HE'S BAAACK
I love the fact that Scott's videos have so many and jokes and things of that nature that when he finally gets around to doing a video based on one of the games that's become a joke on the channel it feels like an event and not just another video.
He’s back!!!!
I'll miss "Breakout", but this is still awesome and I'm glad to see the progress Scott has made
The return of the king
Its like chirstmas morning. But like a surprise christmas.
Thanks god they changed the title to jet race over here. Imagine all the poor, impressionable European kids who would've learned about barrels. Or even worse, blasting.   _"Oh god babe, I'm about to Donkey Kong:  Barrel Blast™!"_ (common European euphemism)
I never knew there was so much history behind Barrel Blast.
Holy shiet he uploaded hi Scott hai
it feels so strange not hearing the breakout theme at the end.
I presume  a weekly release should be happening if I recall you said you had a bunch of videos ready to go.
The king has returned.
Hey, Jungle Climber was my first ever DK game I will hear no bad words about it 😤
Love the new Outro Scott
Is no one gonna talk about the different outro music???
Finally he has done it
HE HAS ARRIVED
The Woz has returned....with a 38 minute long video godsdamn lol
Someone explain to this man that the bongos tend to have input lag on n modern flarscreen tvs, the ones most ppl had during the wii.   Which could be easily ficed with some kind of video latency setting like one you see in most rythm games but that would take too much effort
I’m honestly surprised a video about donkey kong could provide such a meaningful commentary about sex and how society views sexuality.  I should probably go outside.
my favorite nintendo fact is that they are so old that they were spared from being obliterated by the atomic bomb cause the one city they existed in was once visited by one of the higher ups who ended up liking the city so they made them target a differnt city
My favorite part of the video is the music at 37:36, where it starts off as the typical Breakout Medley, then transitions into Scott’s new Medley, “Break-In”.
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast can now get it's learners permit in the US
AHHHHHHHH glad you took your time your videos are special and amazing
On emulators you can probably use bangos on it.
New outro mus8c?
Other games he jokes about occasionally that cpuld potentially get a video in the future: -Fling smash -glover -geist -max payne 3 or smth idk -digdug -persona 5 just kidding
Ahhhhhh another masterpiece
This man is an ace icon
WOAH SCOTT THE WOZ
He changed the exit tune cuz he's a big shot on the TV
Oh my god I haven’t laughed so much in a long time thank you Scott!
When the world needed him most, he returned with a copy of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast for the Nintendo Wii.
Maybe one day,  people will finally realise how awefull nintendo is as a video game company.
Hello again scott and goodbye breakout.....
Yo
THE MANS BACKKKK!!!
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA HE'S BAAAAAAACK
damn
FANTASTIC, TOP TIER CREATION.
Awesome video
Scott's character gives off Ace energy
i cant believe scott did all this to justify him losing his virginity. What a champ
The legend has returned
I loved it so glad you're you're making videos again a while I was worried that you weren't making any more videos but you are and I thank you😁
Woz' dad of course knows so many DK trivia because he f**** so hard, his offspring would never have to again. Thank you for your collective sacrifice!
It does
Ah yes my favorite Gamecube game The Death Of Gerald Ford
@30:40 I see your CGI Mr George Lucas.
Welcome back fren
yelp this sums up why Nintendo keeps failing at shit after their first two rivals (what was left of Atari and Sega.) basically quit the console war. if you are wondering the N64, GameCube, Wii U and even the twitch are filers compared to the PSX, PS2, PS4 and the Xbox, Xbox one sales record. (Which does suck as i did like the GameCube and switch.)  really makes you think when your two rivals are buy third party companies for as much if not way more than you are worth.
And there ends the Virginity arc...
I’m confused about the metaphor. Did I have sex or not. 🤔🐑
Scott, thanks for the birthday gift
Scott, you are awesome and thanks for everything. Your videos are fun, extraordinary and fantastic. Thanks for everything
“Sorry, girl, Scott finally uploaded. I need to maintain abstinence”
His back
I love how Rex becomes bald
getting kind of aphobic with these skits Scott, not gonna lie :s
HES BACK!!!!!
he’s back!!!!
I was born on june 28th does that make me a gigachad
i thought he died
Oh neat now someone's gonna beat Dark Souls on the bongos.
Definitely worth the wait. edit: we all know eventually that 3d dot heroes will come up
He’s back boys!
Return of the king
The transition from breakout to break in in the rock themed music is fantastic. Like a good way to end and start a new chapter
SCOTT THE WOZ SUMMER
We are all virgins on this blessed day.
Jokes on you I’ve been doing no sex for... years...
Why do bongos make monkeys fly?
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN!?
WE MISSED YOU!!!!
Man… fuckin klubba
OMG! He's back! The legend is here! It's time for Donkey Kong Barrel Blast! Let's gooooooo!!!!
Worth the wait
Finally Scott will get that virginity
Nice new outro theme
YEEEEEEEEEEEES
it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening it’s happening
I’m glade you are on you tube again missed you scot
He made this video because he broke up with his girlfriend
All of this time was deserved because you definitely delivered with donkey Kong barrel blast
Return of the king
So proud of you for coming out as Asexual Scott!
I know some people don’t like the new outro but I think it is a good idea and I like to see him trying new things.
Finnaly, Woz the Scott came back from the dead!
He has returned
I've been watching you since 2017 and it so good to have you back
Scott back with more lore
He’s back!
Sonic Free Riders sits in the corner silently
Omfg you're alive?!
Scott's back! WooHoo!
Scott said my favourite DK spin-off sucks, now I have to go over to his house and steal his kidney
Now I get why he was gone so long, the pure sexual energy barrel blast has made it a bitch to film
The king has returned
50k up votes in 10 hrs?  This guy crushes!
HOLY FUCK SCOTT THE WOZ
The King has returned
You know guys, I think he's onto something. Played barrel blast as a kid, now I'm married. His logic is sound.
And Scott returned when the world needed him most.
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast truly is one of the games of all time.
He is back bois
The year has finally started
I like to think that the reason it took him so much time to upload a new video is that he had to find all of these Barrel Blasy copies at 15:59
Honey, wake up. New Scott the Woz.
Nice you are back
He’s back from the dead omg
This video is gold for out of context.
I think one of the biggest blunders Nintendo has ever made was never releasing another good donkey Kong game after dk64. Dk64 was what really got me into gaming. I had always played snes or nes games growing up, but that game was something else entirely. I specifically didn’t buy a GameCube because they didn’t release a new donkey Kong game.
the legend is back!!💪😤
Welcome back
He's back!
He finally did it!
He's back finally, Ba...bbbyy!
16:36 yes
Finally. After all these years.
I NEED THAT GAMEEEEE
the legend is back!
I missed you man
Funny thing, I have YET to see a European box of Barrel Blast that DOESN'T say Barrel Blast on the cover but Jet Race
MOM GET THE CAMERA SCOTT'S BACK!!!!
"Society may have lost its virginity but I'm here to find it." Over here I'm saying that Scott is the litteral embodiment of virginity
The title of the new outro song is called 'break in' im fcking dying
" But then..... everything changed" 😃 Is that an Avatar reference in my Scott the Woz video.
He’s back!!!
I did not expect Scott to mention taiko no tatsujin but i appreciate it
He's back
He’s back again and about time too
“You move forward automatically, like most apes on a jet” That reminds me of a joke that I read in GamesMaster magazine’s Sonic Rush review. “When Blaze jumps she will catch fire, just like a real cat!”
Scott destroys amatonormativity
HE'S BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Asexual lore
Welcome back, Scott. This was well worth the wait
At this point the V thing has to be a gag, Scott's so cool he should be getting more ass than a toilet seat
I didn't think you were coming back to this communist shit hole dumpster fire called YouTube!
finally
He's Back
Finally we missed uuuu
AFTER MONTHS OF WAITING, HES BACK
Finally,  a new episode after 4 months,  thanks scott
........ Is this Scott's coming out video for being asexual...!!!??? Like obviously Scott gives off ace vibes. From the start of this video I was just thinking, 'Ah! Yes. Scott is totally ace confirmed!' But that ending REALLY felt like a very thinly veiled metaphor for being asexual and proudly declaring it. Not what I expected out of this video, but there it is!
Kind of cool to see a freaking scott the woz video with an actual profound message
Oh shit thought you were dead..tho engaging with G4 is basically the same but...hey we all make mistakes.
Rated e10+ for 10+ years
Guess who's back!
Scott the woz upload oh my freaking gosh
When the world needed him most, he returned.
have you ever played how to train your dragon and httyd 2? And if so, whats your opinion about them?  It was quite hard to get my hands on the first game  but i loved it... after replaying it a few weeks ago i realised that the game in general isnt that great  XD  but i think it could be a fun experience :)
The return of the king!
He's Back!!! I love this man.
God tier content
Oh, shit. You’re alive, where is 5 years with nintendo switch?
HE'S BACK
The return of the king
Virgin supremacy
DONKEY KONG
Klubba for smash
how am i supposed to know what happened to the nintendo switch between march 2021 and march 2022 if you wont tell me
please never get a prop budget
He came back
"HE'S BAAAAAAAACK" mr stone sonic 2
I dont know what I just watched, but I love it. Thats the feeling I want from our Scott ;)
Welcome back!
It's been nine years.
Welcome back man! Glad to have you
The king is back!
Scott is back at last
Congrats on beating the game and still be a virgin!
SCOTT IS BACK!!!
HE’S BACK AND UPLOADED ON MY BIRTHDAY!!!
honestly i hadnt believed that scott the woz was in my notifications
“Sure we can still be friends! You’ll just have to hear me and my new boyfriend f*ck all the time” - Scott the Woz
Why did that last speech feel oddly...motivational?
He's alive!!
HE CHANGED THE THEME SONG NOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Oh my God he's alive
This game looks bad, but some of the complaints are weird. A lot of Mario spinoff characters come from old Mario spinoffs creating rival characters for literally the same purpose as the new Kremlings in this game.  Also, the items look lame, but neither Mario Kart or this game really tell you what the items do, and you wouldn't tell by visuals either.
The king returns
The moment I heard "Hey all, scott here" was the first moment in a long time that I was jumping out of my seat and cheering/clapping at a screen, thank you for this scott, you have made an amazing episode here
WHEN THERE IS NO MORE ROOM IN HELL, THE DEAD SHALL PROCLAIM "Hey all, Scott here!"
Scott the Woz being an Ace King for 38 minutes
I'm glad Scott's not dead. I was beginning to get worried.
Great video! Gotta admit, that 25 minute sex scene between Scott and his Todd Howard body pillow was a little weird at first, but it grew in me over time.
Yay, you're alive!
And I thought The Return of the King came out in 2003
YOUR BACK WELCOME BACK SCATT
Donkey Kong Barrel Blasted my balls away
Finally, my man is back after too long
He did it
wozzy 😊
4:32 Heh, why was Duke Nukem Forever's cover art included? DNF was the fourth in that franchise.
Plz make a video about medarot, no one seems to talk about it
RETURN OF THE KING
YES!!!
The return
He has returned after so long!
This could have all been solved much easier with a large rubber mallet.
The myth the man the legend is back
32:02 can we take a moment to praise how good this character design and stop motion animation looks?
Return of the king
its been 84 years.
Yha he's back
Is he still doing g4 stuff? Seems like the gaming community has largely given the middle finger to this new g4. Honestly, it would be better if Scott and other large youtube gaming channels tried to do something seperate. I can't see this new g4 lasting very long unless they make some serious changes.
BABE WAKE UP!!! NEW SCOTT THE WOZ JUST DROPPED!!!
NEW SCOTT VIDEOOOOO
HE'S BACK!
Damn Scott i was thinking you forgot the password for your YouTube account
40 minutes of this terrible game  Such is the power of Woz
You have beaten the curse and saved the world from a terrible evil.
HE'S BACK BABY
Scott.... to many girls from conventions mentioned you.  To many.
Return of the woz
Scott: what do you do when I’m gone? Us: Wait for you to come back.
So all this time Scott left was because he was getting f*cked by Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast ? What a legend
Welcome back Scott!!
A worthwhile return
A worthwhile return
Absolutely incredible video, glad to see Donkey Kong: Jet Race be covered.  Shame you kept saying B*rrel B*ast.
Welcome back Scat
so youre telling me: if i play donkey kong: barrel blast, ill get laid?
The Return of the King
I always wanted to “Not Have Jex” on the 30th of May 2022
He returned when the world needed him most
HE'S BACK
aaaaaaaaaah hes back!!!!!!
I'm gonna miss Breakout but the new end theme is amazing.
The return of the king
Lets go mabye a scott video every 1 and a half weeks
He's BAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!!!!!
Scott: dissapears Also scott: returns with 40 min video on donkey kong barrel blast
The legend is finally back
FINALLY LETS GO SCOTT
It’s so nice to have you back, if I may ask, what happened?
Holy shit, you're back!
You er back aften 3 4 monthas as om hav af Got day
Welcome back Scott! Hope you had a restful break.
30:40 am I insane or is his mouth moving separately from his face?
You aer back aften 3 4 moorths as om hv af Got dag👍👍❤️❤️
He's back
Yes!
Top 5 things that Scott dislikes: 1. Chibi-Robo: Zip Lash 2. Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast 3. RPGs (Role Playing Games) 4. Nintendo during 2015-2016 (Before the Nintendo Switch was released in 2017) 5. Madden games before and after Madden 08 (Honourable Mentions: Mario Tennis: Ultra Smash, Mario Sports Superstars, Animal Crossing: Amiibo Festival, Star Fox Zero, Wii Music, Devil's Third, etc.) Also, welcome back Scott!
I used my unbeatable Japanese knowledge to decipher that it was in fact called "Barrel Jet Race"
I thought it was a video by Scott is awesome baby. But then I realised it's a video of you, Scott Wozniak.
Oh, you are still alive
Epic
HE’S ALIVE
I think this game would be way more fun if it was just non-stop wild moves. It would be a unique and speedy feeling racing experience.
Oh how I've missed this so
ten out of ten  beautiful  this beats any film that has come out in the last 50 years
scott morphs more into bill gates by each video
Scott, welcome back ...
audio levels not being normalized and spiking sucksssss. love ur videos but i dislike playing hotpotato with my volume slider.
HE’S BACK
DK king of swing requires you to use the L and R shoulders on the GBA.  I broke TWO GBAs speed running it as a kid.
Oh my God he is back
I'm a tiny bit sad your return wasn't a Nintendo Switch: Five Years In video but you had to stop that series eventually.
hey all, he's back
yes indeed.Another Scott the Woz video..life is complete 💯
The return of the king
The legend is back
The outro theme was changed from "breakout" to "break in". Genius. Also, nice mug!
US: Donkey Kong barrel Blast  Europe: Donkey Kong Jet Race Japan: DONKEY KONG BARREL JET RACE
Finally the king comes back!
welcome back, we missed you!
By God, he's back
Damn season 6 is gonna be good
He’s back baby!!!!!!
Our saviour has returned !
YEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSS
"With great power, comes great virginity" Best Quote ever made by mankind
Welcome back
Scott betrayed the alliance
Donkey Konga was the first game i ever played, will always have a place in my heart
HES NOT DEAD!
Everytime a new Scott video gets released, I tell myself: “Surely, SURELY, he’s out of ideas now”
Rip breakout from 3D game dot heroes
27:45: He pronounced it correctly.
Wow what a way to come back
can someone tell me how many time did he say the word  " DONKEY KONG " ?
Okay, I have one more question...                       WHERE'S THE FUCKING ENDING MUSIC SCOTT?!
okay so the japanese title says barrel jet race, so scott is absolutely right lmao
Holy shit, Scott the Woz.
Damn man, you were gone for quite a while  Literally by the time you returned I finished 2nd semester of 10th grade  But in any case, welcome back man
THW LEGEND HAS RETURNED
This video screams Asexual energy and I’m here for it
Masterpiece
9:57 ;-; it follows me everywhere
I could never get sick of your content,  glad you're back and better than ever.
Come back
You know, if you told me that Scott The Woz would return from his hiatus with a great video that not only humorously discusses Donkey Kong Barrel Blast, but also used it to deliver a super wholesome anti virgin/slut shaming and pro ace message, I probably wouldn’t have believed you. And yet here we are.
Welcome back Scott!
it’s such a shame scott’s so committed to virginity he’s such a cutie
I’ve never wanted to not have someone’s babies more than you, Scott.  Stay not fucking ❤️ we love you for that
“Basically on rails”  bahahaha it’s literally on rails
I missed you man  Please don’t leave again
HE LIVES! HE LIIIIVES!
The Return of the King.
Yay scott is back
Honestly, I really like this game. I picked it up used years after it came out and completed it. For what's on offer, it certainly wouldn't have been worth it full-price, but if you like Donkey Kong and you can get it second hand at a affordable price you could do a whole lot worse. It's an interesting, decent twist on a kart racer. With more time in the oven this game could have been great, but as is, it's okay. A lot of people say the game is slow, but the speed increases significantly at higher difficulties.
That whole dialogue on barrel blast at the end was fucking wild. I wasnt ready for that type of commentary, but boy am I glad that it exists.
19:08 - Never in my LIFE have I ever had to google for a joke this funny
Omfg this is the hardest I've laughed in so fucking long 😭😭👏
Out of all the endings to a Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast reviews, I did not expect a genuine speech on why virginity is okay. I love this channel.
This video was a real jet race. You are all such good actors. Kudos.
I hope Scott hasnt gone the JonTron/Game Historian route and got so big he only releases a video every 6 months.... kinda sucks for the fans that got them where they are
Hit like before watching it because its ascott the woz video
Where have your been?
The king is back!
Nintendo the same company that went over to the CDI over PlayStation. Don't expect too much smart from them
I love how Australia was the last ones to get shit, now we are the first HAHA PATIENCE !!!!!
he's back....
I thought this was a parody video at first
The return of the king
I love how Scott at the end of a lot of videos says things like they're important life lessons, but he's just telling people it's ok to play Barrel Blast.       Also please keep using Breakout as the outro it was so good and I love hearing it at the end of every episode.
Holy crap! it's Scott The Woz!
yay your finly back :D
SCOTTS BACK BABY HELL YEAH
Return of the king
I watched this video through to the end but there was no porno.
Guys he took this long to post this review because of how many bitches he was fighting trying to steal his virginity for playing Donkey Kong barrel blast
i cannot believe this is happening... Scott's back!!!
YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH
You never know how much you'll miss him until he takes a break
Scott finally came thru wit a new vid, glad to see you back!
My theory is that his Dad knows so much about the game because that's how Scott was born.  He owes his existence to Barrel Blast, and you can't change my mind.
Nvm. What was this video?
He's alive! Really glad you're doing ok Scott!
Omg finally someone mentions my favorite game of all time, Earl Racing, actual underrated masterpiece
scott, I love ya bud, great videa, but can you run your audio through a limiter or something. If I turn you up loud enough to hear your mumbles, then I get blasted when you scream.  thanks, bby, keep up the good work
He's only gone and done it
20:00-20:15 scott passing out cause there’s no bongo support for barrel blast
YEEEEESSSS!!!
He’s back!
Hey scotty! Thank you for returning! Missed you!
My favourite Barrel Blast game is the  Budd Dwyer simulator.
Return of the King 👑
Great video but where tf is the right outro music
I’m coked up and drunk af but Scott posted
30:41 What's wrong with his mouth? Why this edit...? lol
I cant believe he literally took a break and still made the best fucking video ever, thanks as ever woz
16:10 Relatable schedule
Return of the King
scott woz sex tape 3 way real
I cried when i saw he uploaded
the new era has begun!
What an absolutely insane video for Scott to return with
gex
FINALLY, HES BACK!
So where switch 5 years in
OH MY GOD OK IT’S HAPPENING, EVERYBODY STAY CALM
When the world needed him the most, he returned
I was hoping Scotts girlfriend would make a cameo at the end, oh well.
My god, i thought YouTube was lying to me again when they told me Scott was back.... Good to see you again buddy
I really like all the higher production-quality slap-stick humor you should have it more often it sticks out from many other creators
WE LIVE ON A WORLD WHERE LUBBA EXISTS.
The King Has Returned!!
i’m on vacation scott why did u have to do me like that
All hail the best Virgin out there!
Here's finally back and about time too Cause this time he is in the mood
JuSuS CrIeSt
Scott, charge your gameboy
Scott's not the virgin we deserve, but he is the virgin we need.
Scott 2022 lets goooo
was this whole episode a thinly veiled allegory for asexuality?
He's BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!
he’s back
the return of the king
"YOU CAN ALSO BRUSH YOUR TEETH WITH MICE"
HES BACK
As someone who bought and kinda enjoyed Barrel Blast...this...was not the review I was expecting, but it WAS fair! I think the one thing about the reviews at the time that pissed me off was how much people claimed this game was bad because of "rubber banding". My friend lapped the end boss twice. WHY did I buy it? I got a Wii on launch day and needed games. The first year of the Wii was rough. I remember grabbing this and Chicken Little: Ace in Action around the same time mostly out of desperation. The fact that it was made for Bongos only to have the Bongos removed annoyed me, but I do get it due to the control scheme (how do you do a wild move on the bongos). But yeah it was mostly a salvage job: We're too far along in the game's development to scrap it. I did like the different menu animations and some of the new Kremlings were neat. But I was always annoyed that Candy wasn't playable. She's IN the game. You gave her breast physics even! But nope. No playable Candy. Playable Wrinkly? Sure! Playable Candy? NOPE!  ...and then yeah I spent countless hours trying to get to the bottom of Tiny's redesign. Long story short, it's a communication error between the fans and Rare and then between Japan and the US. Tiny being Dixie's little sister was a detail added to DK64 at the last minute due to fan backlash at Rare adding more freaking Kongs and as such it was only ever mentioned in the instruction book. This detail was never translated into the Japanese instruction book so no one in Japan knew Tiny was Dixie's little sister so based on her vague portrayal in DK64 (which involved a bit more hip swinging than it should have) they...decided on THAT for her new more unified look. Not that I'm complaining.
It’s here
I will come back to this video when I beat the last challenge of barrel blast "go fu*k"
He's alive
Reading the desc of the video and learning your animator is involved in crypto is... huh....
scotts back from not existing on youtube, pretty cool
Holy Shit
Welcome back Scott!
Welcome back! 🎉✨
Man. He should've said "I got 2 more of them" instead of "I've got 3 more of them" so he wouldn't break the 4th wall in the skit
Finally, the game for anti-redditors.
Eyyyyy he’s back!
He’s back!
It feels good to be home. I missed my screen brother Scott.
hey! the TV show theme!
The red hat friend got better at acting during the break
What was this intro?
Barely a minute in and I'm already happy that we waited half a year for a new episode
What.
I like this video, very funny
Before I watch this video Im just  saying this is probably going to be the best video since he never post for 6 months
The king has returned
As a monkey brained child this game entertained me way more than I’m proud to admit
Finally you're back
I think this video has severely undervalued Kludge
We live in the best timeline
I would love to play Earl Racing
:]
You know what Scott, you've inspired me to become a virgin. Hope my wife and kids can understand but this is the path I must walk. A path of no sex.
Give me nintendo gift card or I will steal your games and consoles
Scott is the only Youtuber to make a 45 minute Christmas special and a 2 hour compilation video, dip and make a comeback with DK Barrel Blast jfc
The king has returned!!!
He's Baaack!!!
38:10 = more Scott Lore
“You can also brush your teeth with mice” I missed your jokes
THE KING IS BACK
This reminds me of JonTron's Starfox Adventures video, because this didn't make any sense either.
WAIT THE OLD OUTRO IS GONE O7 TO OUR FALLEN KING
I just came from the spiderman meme, wheres the original video for that?
whoo! no more sex!
this might be the best video ending on youtube so far, period!
Welcome back, Virgin King Edit: I swear to god, I wrote this before even starting video
Return of the king
The final montage where the Breakout song turns into Break In (the new outro and theme song) while we get the quick glimpses of the whole virginity running joke kinda felt perfect as a way to transition from one theme song to the next, kinda feels like the start of a new chapter (Also, love the new outro, Garrett Williamson never misses)
We were all born too late to explore the ocean or too early to colonize outer space, but we were all in time to watch Scott talk about DK Barrel Blast for 38 minutes. Great to be in the best timeline
RIP outro music. You will be missed. o7
What in the hell was that ending? LOL
les gooooooo. He is back
Wott The Scoz Is Back
He has returned! And with a video of Barrel Blast too! Welcome back, Scott Here.
DONKEY KONG?!
THE KING HAS RETURNED
WOOOOOOHOOOOOOOO
Dude takes 6 months off like it's no big deal.
What a comeback
The legend is back!
17/10 virgin classic
0:13 you certainly are here.
Glad you're back
WAIT YOU DIDN'T HAVE TO SHAKE BOTH BONGOS THE ENTIRE RACE?!?!?!?!?!    I wasn't too bright as a kid
Hey all :)
I cannot get past "bee based software" without wetting myself
The 'virgin' bit is played out
Now we’ve reached a new era in Scott, I’ll miss breakout but I really do love the new outro/intro song. I’m glad he’s back and ready for more wacky things
In the wise words of agent stone, "HES BACK!!!"
THE FUCKING APE
SCOTT IS BACK
Scott got fucking DEEP at the end there. Somebody is gonna do a 2hr breakdown of the ending and be all like "the real message is" and what not.
Y'know why I love Scott? It's cause this man literally made a calendar of May and wrote to "Not have sex" 31 times just for a whole 2 second bit. 16:08
I too enjoy donkey Kong!
So this is why Scott has been inactive!
No, I’m not studying, I’m gonna watch scottthewoz instead
He''s back! The king is back!
"With great power comes great virginity"           -Uncle Ben, probably
Its on like Donkey kong.
IT’S THE RETURN OF THE KING!!!!!!
It's finally here
Bro, I grew up on Bartel Blast because for whatever reason my parents bought it over mariokart wii, and I lowkey actually enjoyed it more than going to my friends house to play mariokart.  The criticisms are valid, but as one of my first video games, the nostalgia will never go away
THATS JUST A DOGS ASS
HOLY SHIT HE'S BACK
He returns 👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏👏
I thought you died
HE HAS RISEN
Had to double take that post time cuz its been a while since theres been quality content on here and i re watch your vids like its drugs lololol
The king has returned!!
Love to see you back .
Return of the king
THE RETURN OF THE KING
return of the king
play chulip
amazing video, worth the three months
OH MY FUCKING GOD
Did you hear about the 3ds eshop closing
Love this game
HE'S BACK
Goodbye Breakout, Hello Break In.
This game just copied flying gorilla smh
Thought u died
I thought that after all this time, there may be a video on the L button, boy was I wrong.
We had Rare... then Namco... now Retro Studios... and soon Nitro Productions...
Hi Scott
How does this guy look younger than his last video
LETS GO HE UPLOADED  HI SCOTT
The return of the king
As an ace individual, let me tell you: this episode hits in an _entirely_ different way. 😂
this was the best birthday gift i could have ever asked for
OMG YOUR BACK, I MISSED YOUR VIDEOS
he is back ahahahhahahhaha it was so long
holy crap it's scott the woz !
ok now that entire shelf of barrel blast makes sense
I will always respect the DK Bongos, ever since I watched someone beat Dark Souls with them
SCOTTS BACK!!!
Long time no video Scott! And a Barrel Blast video 5 years later.
HE'S BACK!
1:54 based
finallyyy
I actually love this game and have alot sex
R.I.P Gerald Ford
Episode was great when he talked about the game itself, but tbh the "no sex" joke is getting kinda old at this point
when the world needed him most, he returned
Scotts back
return of the king
HES BAAAACKKKK
Was waiting for the one and only Scott the Woz to upload again.
this game looks like actual dogshit. Madagascar Kartz looks a lot better and that was not the best Mario Kart clone either.
Was that a Scarlett Letter refrence?? incredible.
YES! It's finally here and it's donkey Kong barrel blast.
The return of the king
Is it me or does the audio not match the video? Anywho glad to have you back Scott!!
He’s BAAAAAAAAACK!!!
32:42
Welcome back, Scott. Its nice to see you.
The return of the king
Donkey Kong country, outside of Pokemon, defined my childhood, and I was lucky enough to experience it on the original SNES. I still play it on the Switch, am currently trying to beat the game without losing any lives. Btw Scott, good to see you back.
He hath returned
New outro. Strange, but not bad either.
“He’s finally back” -donkey kong 64
not jungle beat
What a way to return Scotty
Our boi, Scoot da Wooz is back!
Great to have you back, i think i can say this for everyone when i say that we missed you!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT SCOTT THE WOZ IS BACK LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
Finally a Scott the wiz cideo
You live!
Certified Greg moment.
Donkey Kong bongos are the best
Scott I don’t believe you. You’re trying too hard. You lost your virginity over the break didn’t you?
HES BACK!!!!!
Return of the king
ha i was born on the anniversary of the release of mr pants
What's The Next Scott The Woz Video Come Up
God I love virginity
Free me scott so I can live again
Ayo different outro song :000
6:27 Basically Me if the Crystal King is not revealed to be The Overlord.
great vid, Scart
Finally the chosen one has returned
Ha ha, sex, am I right guys.
HE RETURNS!
ThE INTRO
Great video, Scott! This game is reason I fuck.
the king is back, baby
Fitting way for Scott to return
After all these years... we have an episode on virginity What will that genius think of next
Great ending tune
Why did i 100% this game when i was younger what was wrong with me
That outro… oh no…
oooo new outro music
HE'S BACK!!!!!!!!! FUCKIN A I'VE BEEN CHECKING THIS CHANNEL MONTHLY DESPITE HAVING NOTIFICATION BELLS ON!!!!
Let's fucking GOOOOOOOOOO
Not what I expected but I'm not expecting anything
He's baaaack!
Epidermal hypertension
Eh...Kirby Star Allies isn't that bad, same with Metroid Prime Federation Force and Wario Master of disguise isn't  that bad either.   also is Mario really a spin off of Donkey Kong? I mean not really...it's just one whole half from what the original Donkey Kong game lead to.
With the post Scott made on twitter about not posting, 2022 may be the best year of Virginity yet
The king is back!
WAKE UP HONEY NEW SCOTT THE WOZ
The only good thing I can say about this game were the new Kremlings they introduced to the game as well as playing some Kongs we haven't seen in decades such as Tiny and Lanky.
Truly beautiful
Scotts back!!!
DKC was so amazing in 1994
YESSS!!!!!!!
THE KING RETURNS
Scott Oh my god are you ok???
YOOOOOOOOOO HE UPLOADED
Add "using donkey Kong barrel blast as an allegory for sex while discussing the way society chastised virgins for their life choices and also sneaking in a Psa on safe sex" to the things I didn't believe I'd watch in my lifetime
Return of the king
finally!
scott looking for literally any reason to hire an animator for an episode gives me strength
SCOTT'S BACK
Scott is Baaaack!
As someone who's recently gotten into Scott in the past couple of years, I can totally understand why people are sad Breakout isn't the outro anymore. But it does have this Mega Man vibe to it that I do adore.
Hear me out mario is a spin off of donkey kong and forever will be
I literally gasped out loud when I saw this on my feed!
The return of the king
YEAHHHHHHH
ive never seen someone make being a virgin seem so patriotic
Bruh, are we getting switch five years in?
You went pretty hard on the videos last year but I can't remember a single video you've released this year
I actually have this game. Should I destroy it?
The return of the king
YUP I agree Scott Mario 64 was far inferior to Diddy Kong Racing
Omg my mate loved this game. I used to find it fun but could be stressful if go a bit off course Ps just contacted my mate about this video he said he had wankers cramp so bad after playing 4 races or more lol
Normal reviewers: this game is ok   Scott: takes weeks to make a script that tells a story with an opinion on the game. This is why I love scottt he is so unique and cool!   Thank you for all the hard work you put in these Scott!
I didnt realize that nintendo made sex yet they dont allow it
Return of the King and also Return of the Kong
When the world needed him most,he returned.
17:07 Scott putting Raid on his crotch made me wheeze unnecessarily hard! Why?
NO WAY, HE'S BACK
He's Back!!!!!!!!!
AHHh
Take a sip of water every time he says donkey Kong and you'll probably drown
7:08 BRUH I FUCKING LOVED TUBE SLIDER!!! cuz i never knew f-zero...
Worth the wait
Wooooooooooo he’s BAAAAAAACK !!!!!
The RETURN. Missed these so much, glad to have you back.
HE'S BAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCKKKK
8:36 Scott out of context
Back
I love that the new end credits song is called "Break In". Nice touch
"Oh my God! Okay, it's happening. Everybody stay calm. STAY FUCKING CALM!" -Michael Scott.
I was not expecting this, thought the thumbnail was fake at first.
Great video so happy to see you're back!
Heeeeesssssssss baaaaaaaaaacccccccccckkkkkkkk
That ending looks like a rpg, just saying
Oh thank god I accidentally clicked something or else I wouldn't have realised Scott's back Until a few seconds later
Return of the king
The legend returned...
So are we just not gonna talk about that awesome animation at the end that lasted like 12 seconds?
RETURN OF THE KING
Great to have you back Scott, at least I hope you're back.
...100 years past and my brother and i discovered a new video
Update: Scott has been propositioned by 2007 women to have sex with them, but he turned them all down. He has to make a Bubsy 3d video first
Man, I’m happy your back Scott
Hell yeah!!!! He's back!
I found it coincidental this video is called the curse yet im here suffering a tad bc I stopped taking Zoloft after the first 2 days. prob should have called the doctor first but it could be a lot worse and im glad they gave me the lowest dose possible.
If you haven't watched a man spray his crotch with Raid to combat the sexiness of Donkey Kong, then you haven't watched Scott the Woz.
babe look, new scott the woz op and ed
HES BACK!
The return of the king
HES BACK😁
Today was the day Scott betrayed the alliance
The King has returned, Hallelujah!
Awesome
it's been MONTHS!
The return of the king.
OMG HES BACK  I JUST BECAME A FAN LIKE A COUPLE MONTHS AGO THIS IS MY FIRST TIME SEEING A VID WHEN ITS NEW
A sad day to see the old credits go but, still a great video, onto a new era
Man that end card music tho
I always found 2000s DK games very intresting,Nintendo was using Donkey kong in very experimental way's
He hath returned!
I fucking loved this game as a kid, epic to see Scott review it
"It was either this or misanthropy" This whole episode is about a hatred and distaste for humanity, excellent theming Scott
SCOTTT
If Stanley the bug man came to my door. I think I would have to lose my viriginity and quickly.
I've got such a big smile on my face :)
The time has come
HES BACK
YAAAAAAAAYYYYYYY
Welcome back, Scott.  You were missed.
HES BACK!!!!!!
HE'S ALIVEEEEEEE
That god damn madlad he did it again
Rest in peace old Scott the woz outro, you shall be missed
Scott respectfully, WHAT, THE, FUCK?
no way this is so good
3:35 "he f*cked?" oh my god my side hurts from how hard im laughing
ripping off the enemy badge and putting on the friend badge but they're the exact same badge is an incredible joke
Omg he’s back
I saw this in my notifs while i was in the bathroom, I stopped everything
Oh my god, I’m so glad you’re back, even if it’s just for a little while. I’m so happy. Your videos made my mornings and gave me something to talk to my friends about. You’re fucking great, I don’t know why I got so emotional lol
When we needed him the most. He returned
I literally just checked my subscriptions yesterday to see if I somehow accidentally unsubbed from Scott.  Weird.
Oh fuck yeah his own theme
This is a 40 minute video of Scott being an asexual icon
Oh wow, welcome back to the land of the living
HES BACK, HES BACK, HES BACK! JUST WHEN WE NEEDED HIM MOST, SCOTT RETURNED!
One year after boarder
He’s back
Welcome back Scott, we missed you
FINALLY
It’s good to have you back Scott
25:10 "I've got 3 more of them." Lies! There's never been a fourth wall in that place!
LESSSSSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scott!!! Welcome back! We've missed you
Hang on I played Barrel Blast and I surely do not fuck
Finally it's easier to understand what they're saying in the skits
does scott like anime now?
At last..
The king is back after 3 months
Babe stfu Scott has posted
What the fuck new outro theme
Baby wake up, Scott just uploaded.
1:55 "Kirby Star Allies was a flounder" Assuming you're talking about sales like the others in that pile, this isn't true at all. Star Allies is the 2nd best-selling Kirby game of all time. Paper Mario: Sticker Star (as poor of a game it is) and Mario Tennis: Aces also sold pretty well. Not three good examples. The rest are valid though.
AYO SCOTT
WHERE'S BREAKOUT?????????????????????????
This video is making us L button folk pretty hyped, just sayin scott
Bro I got slapped in the face by the different end credits song
Good to see you back Scott
The season finale was great
He did a metaphor for people preference using donkey Kong barrel blast... what fucking timeline are we in
Thank you, Hey all, Scott here! nice video
HHHHHHEEEEEEEEEEEEES BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I just noticed he gasps after every sentence (that’s not cut) and I can never unhear this
Would you look at that. He's not dead!
poor man protecting so hard his mouth is falling off 30:40
The European version probably changed the name because "barrel blast" sounds like gun terminology
RETURN OF THE KING
Scott, we’ve all missed you, it’s nice to see you back.
YES YES YES YES HE FINALLY POSTED MY DEPRESSION HATH DISAPPEARED
I literally just thought "scott the woz hasn't uploaded anything as of late, that sucks" Thank you for that lol
welcome back scott!
The legend returns when we needed him most!
Worth every second of wait as usual mr woz
HOLY SHIT NEW OUTTRO REMIX
16:45 - Breaks down door... Next camera shots... The door has respawned swiftly...
He’s back!!!
Ok, took ya some time but here you are. Thx for making my week insurable man.
An excellent birthday present.
he has returned
Scott the Woz? Which one of you been practicing necromancy?
YOO THAT GUY WAS RIGHT,  you WERE WORKING ON TONS OF VIDEOSS. YAYAY
I didn't even realize this was a new video, missed you scott!
HE RETURNED
Holy f*****g shittake he did it
“Is this what the gun was for” god I love the characters man lol glad to see you upload. Cant wait to see what else you got planned.
He’s back!
the mesiah.    he has returned
The fact that Scott called it "Taiko Drum Master" despite Namco calling the series in the west "Taiko no Tatsujin" HURTS me
Funky Kong: ''KONG GONE WRONG''
I wasn't expecting Mr Bean's Holiday to make an appearance in the video, but this is the timeline we're in now, and I have no regrets.
WELCOME BACK, YOU LEGEND 👏👏
The king is back
Was the intro music inspired by tomb raider angel of darnkess main theme?
When are you gonna do the 5 years of switch video
Missed you, buddy. Glad to see you back in the game, and hope all is well out there!
HE’S BAAAAAAAACK, WE MISSED YOU BUDDY
As a weird kid who had barrel blast instead of mario kart wii and a Scott the Woz viewer, I have been waiting for this specific video in more ways than one
When the world needed him most. He came back
Holy Shit He's Back
That was a kind of a long video but the ending was funny and now know why barrel blast was a bad game.
He’s just so cool
Bro I missed you! :')
God! I miss Scott. We all thought he's busy getting laid. Only to find out that he's busy finishing that side quest of DK Barrel Blast.
LETS GO!!!
You’re alive!
Scott the Woz.. I knew you’d come back 🌌
Holy shit a new viid
The ending song!!!
He's back!
Remember; you can still use the bongos for guitar hero PC if you have an adapter!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!!
HE'S BACK!!
Omg your alive scott praise the virgin goddd
The world has been in need of a revival ever since his break, thankfully at last Scott finally answered our prayers with DK Barrel Blast
old content was better and more funny that being said this game was really bad and boring to watch
If only that screeching misandrist had taken Scott's impassioned words at the end of the video to heart about not hating people for enjoying things you personally don't like, G4 might still be something people gave a shit about.
YEAAAAA
He's alive
Welcome back king 👑
31:55 why does the ape have a) fat tits and b) jiggle physics
3 months since the last video? Jesus
i almost cried, when i saw the video
Phenomenal as always!  Just an absolute masterpiece and the words at the end? Nothing but absolute fact. ❤️🧡💛💚💙💜👩🏿‍🎤
Return of the king  Happy to see you back Scott!
You don't really have 40 copies of DK Barrel Blast, do you Scott??
The return of the King
Nice new outdo music!!
looking at this makes me want to play mod nation racers
The return of the king
SCOTT'S BACK OH JOYOUS DAY I can't tell you how much I missed you (Also, I hope you're doing well today)
RETURN OF THE KING
HES BACK
I feel like this video is much more adult on purpose just a big FU to G4
Scott: *Puts out a video* Me: "HE'S BACK!!!"
The King of virginity is back
He returns
rexs' mouth editited in? 30:41 ?
Scott don't wanna wait! He wants to bang on those drums all day!
Simple solution is just bang on the bongos WITH the wiimote
this popped up while hanging out with my sister and my bestfriend and i had to put it on. i apologized after the fact but they were half asleep so it was cool
Fuck yea finally
Not sure you should alienate your fans by making fun of virgins
Yay Scott is back! I was so hungry for a new video from you, that I even watched your “track battle” with Nitro Rad” it was more to see if you were still alive more than anything, but hey it was still funny, and glad to see your back with another banger as usual!
You saved the world my final message goodbye
Never reached “max speed” for some reason, i just waggled the controller incessantly until i was too tired to game.
The lord is back
Return of the King
Hey all, he's back!
HOLY SHIT HE MADE A NEW VIDEO
Oh my god
Wow Scott, great video as always! I’m just wondering, why does this version of gex look so weird? Are you using some graphic mods or is it a rare version?
Ok.
sorry rex for always trying to have sex, the alarm must be going off constantly. my bad.
The dominate king is back.
Welcome back!!! and holy crap, new outro music!!
DADDY IS BACK
I mean, Donkey Kong 3 was fun ._.
If you did it, then why can I still hear people fucking upstairs?
Yeeaaaa
I honestly liked Barrel Blast as a kid. Way better than Mario Kart
I think that's Scott's gf at 34:44
Hey Scott how you been
I actually bought bought and played barrel blast because of Scott
Omg we waited for so long and it's all worth it!!!
15:58 my man really bought 20 copies of barrel blast, the madlad.
Yes! First upload 2022!!! 😆
17:10 did Rex say say he hates Scott's dick? Poor Scott lmao
Nintendo put us into the doomed timeline when they let Rare go to Microsoft. That's when we split from the alpha timeline.
Did this man make serious commentary on our sexual culture?
He has awakened from his coma!!!
HES BAAACK
YES! THANKS SCOTT!
thanks dad
Now I can see why he was on hiatus  He was facing the legendary donkey kong barrel blast to save Virginity
This is a amazing way to get Virgin points, just get it so low that it goes all the way around and becomes positive (rich mode activate)
That ending gave me an odd sense of happiness
What a great way to return
I can confirm the Japanese title of the game is “Donki-Kongu taru jetto reesu” so its almost the exact same as the European title
Ah mr beans holiday a true man of the dark arts.
Love reading “The Pause That Frame Times” Its my favorite newspaper 😁 7:29
So glad I decided to skip class today and caught this early. Missed ya Scott, DKC was my childhood
Donkey Kong country tropical freeze is insanely hard. I'm on the final world but damn it got my blood pressure all wacky.
Holy shit he's alive let's goooooooo
Donkey Kong Ass Donkey Kong’s Donkey Kong Ass Donkey Kong Ass  Whatever that was. Glad to have you return, Scott!!
Welcome back Scott :) One of the best episodes yet, easy
Rip breakout
"A sexual pace" is a confusing amount.
The King is back.
Return of the king
The King is Back.
Worth the wait
SCOTT IS BACK LFGGGGGGG
OMG NEW SCOTT THE WOZ
HE'S BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
HE RETURNS
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHhh
The old outro music is gone 😞 (But the video itself is still great)
Missed  yo7 Boro
Holy shit, is this the Scott The Woz reference?
ITS ALIVE‼️
Yes he's back!
yyyyeeeesssss
HES BACK FUCK YEAH
our king has returned
And he's finally back, performing for you  ...where's breakout?
The return of the king
i rly don’t get the connection to sex ??
HES BAAAAAACK
Seeing how Europe and America decided to focus on different parts on the Japanese name is interesting. The subtitle on the Japanese cover roughly translates to “barrel jet race”. Europe focused on the jet race portion, just getting rid of the barrel (cuz screw barrels, I guess). Whereas America just couldn’t get enough of the barrel portion of the title, and wanted to do the impossible by making barrels cooler by adding “blast”.  Thank you for coming to my Ted talk
HE RETURNS!
"And nine months later you were born" that got me good
I'll pour one out for Breakout, will really miss it.  "Tuuuu tururu tutururu, tururu turuuu tururuuru, tururu tururu rururu tururu rururuuuuu turututu"
WAKING UP TO A SCOTT THE WOZ UPLOAD IN THE UK IS THE BEST FEELING
Scott DEFINITELY had s*x in his absence. Abstinence, I mean.
He’s back
Yesss
RIP Breakout D:
37:30 he goes from breakout, to the new tune by saying "I'M A VIRGIN DAMNIT!". I WAS IN TEARS
I'm so proud of Scott for not having sex
I'm just happy to he here
"With great power comes great virginity" I KNEW you were Peter Parker!
He's back.
I knew me sleeping to borderline forever last night was casting magic
14:40
The king has returned
now I understand why it took him so long     Not having sex makes you want to nothing but not having sex
What the f**k is a barrel blast
He's finally back
Glad you're putting out videos again. Timing was perfect. I only thought "you know, I miss Scott" this week.   I'm not sure you had anything to do with it, but the soundtrack they added to the G4 episodes of Scott The Woz kinda ruined it for me. The sound mixing is terrible.
I won't sleep today. thanks guys.
yesssss
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
God bless you Scott. I can finally not have sex in peace.
Also, nice job on another 10k!
He is back
I love how Scott comes back With a b s t i n e n c e(Thank you! Such a good video!)
Literally wished for a new episode today... got 2 left
LETS GOOO
17:53 Funny because "DK だるジェットレース" is basically the two names combined. More for the EU side, though
Genius level writing
Wait so is Woz a synonym for virgin? I thought it was just a silly nonsense word
Hey! Scott's back! And I bet my Dad will be back from the store any moment now! Any moment...
Scott’s the only person in the world who can have sex without having sex
he's baaaaaaaack!
The return of the king
Well worth the wait
I noticed the audio in the live scenes had a lot more consideration put into it, with some even having been redone in post to sound more clear. This is really cool cause I saw many people complaining about the audio issues with some other Scott the Woz episodes, and I'd say it was noticeable before. Not so sure if I like the post-done voice over stuff in particular, but massive kudos for paying attention to the audience and correcting stuff most people hadn't said a word about. The mark of a great creator and genuine person.
He… he finally did it!
Scott please play dating simulators that would be such a funny video
the goat is back
The goat has returned when we needed him most
Now to wait 6 months+ for the bloopers I can't wait
yay a new video!
Return of the king
F in the chat for breakout
yes a new video
Woah new camera alert
Real talk: did I just watch a Scott the Woz video about sex positivity?
Scott does it again
the wrong lighting can make this kid look like a dad... or a 17 year old boy
Return of the king
Scott keeps talking about "f**king". It just comes off creepy. In a video that has absolutely nothing to do with it, he keeps putting it in there no matter how forced and awkward it seems. I'm betting you wouldn't want to be alone with Scott in a dark room.... anyone been alone with Scott? Oh well, guess I'll go f**k my neighbor! (See how I forced an inappropriate joke in there?)
Welcome back! Hope you're doing good Scott :)
The king has returned
pewpewman if you're here give us a sign
HE FINALLY DID IT
The best notification I’ve gotten all month.
I love how rex is going with the sex scene joke 🤣🤣🤣 10/10
“Bring on it’s mr pants” “And 9 months later you were born”   😂😂😂😂 caught me off-guard
ITS BACK
"With great power... comes great virginity." -Uncle Ben Wozniak
I love how a video about freaking Donkey Kong Barrel Blast turned into a metaphor for views on sexual immorality
Wait where’s brick breaker?
As someone who rented Barrel Blast for a few days when they were a stupid kid with no taste, I liked Barrel Blast
nooooo he changed the song noo
The Return of the King
He's back!
Babe wake up, new Scott the woz video just dropped
It's been 84 years.... and it was worth the wait
Return of the king
Yes, f*cking, please!
The return of the Gex f*cks
thats one nice casting couch.
this was our donkey kong barrel blast
Glad to see you're back, dude.
HES BACK BITCHES
I want Scott as the lead actor for a new Joker movie
Wait... Does Scott think humans have only been around for 2007 years?
Tfw a silly Nintendo game review is more politically nuanced than 92% of the internet.
Glad the legend is back
SCOTT SCOTT SCOTT SCOOOOOOOOOOOTTTT!!!   Scatt
Oi
Microsoft killed a monkey for a while there
Finally, from the god given soil beneath our feet, he raises up.
30:41 did they photoshop Rex's mouth over Rex's mouth??? Looks so weird..
our boy is back in action
Scott is just as funny as I remember! 😂
I’m amazed that I haven’t seen anyone talk about 30:42 and the Jib Jab type voiceover. Idk why but it’s hilarious
Is there a Barrel Blast mod that reintegrates the bongo controls?
Holy shit, a new Scott the Woz video! I thought this guy quit YouTube 28 years ago
FINALLY
Hey Everybody, Gather ‘Round. Scott’s Back !! 🗣🗣
Absouloutley worth the wait
Scott is so genuinely hilarious in his writing and delivery. I'm so glad there are people like him on the internet who put everything they have into these videos, because they truly are art.
I had a surgery on my back so I can only really lay on my stomach or my right side. I was on my side when this video ended and Scott's little sideways face just touched my heart so deeply😭
Welcome Back
Ladies and gents, he's back 👀
That was the most anime ending I've ever seen. Never stop the Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast references in your vids XD
I was just thinking of this Chanel yesterday, wondering when we would see the next upload. Glad to see I didn’t have to wait that long for one.
After three months of no Scott, I began to slowly creep into the... "Outside." And just almost lost my virginity.   Thank god he came back just in time! I am currently kicking a woman out of my room.
HES BACK
good job scott the woz
Best day ever
RETURN OF THE KING glad to see you back homie
I believe he worked on multiple videos from January to May and will be released during the summer and he could take a small break
Ooooo la la
Diddy Kong racing was amazing but it wasn't better than Mario kart 64 in my opinion. mk64 was all about multiplayer with friends. For me Diddy Kong was about the campaign mode
It's only been a few months but it feel like it's been years
oh shoot he changed the outro
I actually kinda like this game
HE LIVES
Omg, Scatt you're back!
You know I was slightly hoping he wouldn’t upload and then the following year the best of he just reposts the 2021 best of. But I’m happy that we finally get more Scott
This isn’t donkey kong country returns. Scott I’ve been asking for a country video since  the day I discovered ur channel. Ive asked nicely and threatened u at times. And this is the dk video you make? Really scott? Haven’t seen u since Christmas and this is the damn game you give us? Scott… if you arent saving it for a special… I’ll have mo choice but to send dk himself for you. He already knows where u live.
guys it’s a special, nothing is guaranteed. you can stay calm until the next video  or i guess until the ost is released
It’s been 3 months since his last video ! I seen this game advertised never was interested
This new season slaps
Oh thank GOD you’re okay! Where have you BEEN young man, you had me worried SICK!!
he's backkkkkkkkk
wow, nice to see you again !
Give Barrel Blast credit, it has Kludge. Do you?
My virginity is saved!! Good to have you back, Scott!
at this point, I don't even know if scott's audio peaking is a running joke or just audio peaking.
Wooooooooooo! Scotttttttt!!!  Also wtf is up with Rex's mouth at 30:43
So the mouth at 30:40 That was clearly edited.  Guys I don't think the joke was originally about Genghis Khan..
why is Rex Mose got a photoshopped mouth at 30:40 ?
Scott, why did it take so long to make this video
...Anybody else notice the cut-and-pasted-on mouth at 30:41 ?
Return Of The King
NEW SCOTT
what did I just watch?
Return of the King
Is this Scott’s way of telling us he finally got laid?
When he was gone for 5 months i was expecting a 2 hour long 5 year Switch video….. dankey kang instead
I’m drunk asf but Scott is back
this video might be the most efficient comedy writing scott has ever done
The return of the king
Hell yeah hes back
He’s back.
Barrel Blast as a metaphor for sex is not what I expected today
I never thought in a million years I'd watch a video that used DK Barrel Blast as a metaphor condemning acephobia.  This is the best thing ever.  Thank you, Scott.
Omg. I am complete
Are you gonna do a Nintendo Switch-5 years in video?
Huh, I notice Scott hasn't uploaded for a little while, check his YT channel, check his Twitter, see he's been busy recovering from last year and working on new content for this year and setting a new schedule, and then 2 days later, BOOM, new video. Thanks for uploading this video just for me, Scott.
The virgins back
satisfaction that's this video 😌
Finally the guy who owns sonic jam is back!
The messiah... he has returned once more... all hair
Scott breaks character at 31:00 lol
What the fuck that's not the Scott the Woz outro music.
scott the woz uncensored when
The King has returned
Let’s go it’s been 3 months since a new vid
God, is BACK!
The man the myth the legend  Scott the Woz has returned  Ah foreshadowing
This feels like a very weird way for Scott to tell us he has a girlfriend
He’s back
I actually really liked the game as a kid, it was nice exercise 🦍
It's been 3 months men, and it was worth the wait
0:14 I’ve waited so long to hear those magic words.
Good to see ya back scott!!! Like this comment if this video is fire!! 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Return of the King baby
Great to see Scott back in action, but the virginity gag is starting to feel strained.
hes back
its here :>
"Babe wake up new Scott the woz video just dropped"
Hope you're doing well Scott and having a good work life balance. I missed your videos man
We be living all our life living in a Scott woz paradigm
It’s been too long Scott…
20:13 Table
Holy shit you are back… nature is healing itself
can someone explain the joke at 14:07
June 28th is my birthday
OH GOD WHAT HAPPENED TO THE OUTRO
The Woz Scott is back
What a good hb present ty scott
Now I just need a Scott video on Flingsmash
Was low key kind of worried when you didn’t post for a few months but I’m so glad you’re back
The Prodigal Son has returned
He has returned
He is finally back
Youtube's golden boy is back baby!
Return of the king
RETURN OF THE KING
The king, has returned.
8:34
So we’re just gonna act like we didn’t get the Switch 5 year anniversary review?
Damn no more 3d dot game song scared the shit out of me when I didn't hear it
THE KING IS BACK
holy SHIT
HES BACK OMG LETS GOOOOO
New theme music.. Did Atlus go after Scott with their lawyers?
Scott is finally back and hopefully he can make videos about Switch Online Expansion Pack and Mario Kart 8 Deluxe Booster Course Pass DLC
SCOTT! I MISSED YA, BUDDY!:
This channel is so freakin weird, I love it
so it's established jeb jab has a thing for animals with sunglasses, eh?
Welcome back, hope your break was good
Scott's back y'all
Niceee
I’m gay
All I knew about this game was the sexy Kremling with the pink afro, so it actually came as a shock to learn the game went down about as well as an actual monkey that sits in your living room and flings poop at you.
I actually got hyped near the end.  Let's go f*ck that monkey!
*Top 10 Comebacks In History*
So brave of the Woz to come out as a virgin
Holy shit a new video!
THE KING IS BACK
HE'S BAAAAAAAAAAAAACCCKKK
The king has returned!
"...it goes from stupid to just f***in' dumb" 🤣🤣
Oh!  You are finally back!  I thought you quit youtube.
He’s finally back… the prophecy was true
Scott the woz. Vol.2
Yes! Return of the king!
This was totally worth the wait
Never have I felt so happy to hear Scott utter the words "Hey all, Scott here!" after such a long time. It's great to see you again, Scott. I hope that your break from making videos was a fantastic one.
I felt like a weight got lifted from the world... Thanks Scott
IT'S SCAT
THE WOZNIAK HAS RETURNED! HUZZAH, GEX FOR EVERYONE!
Scott has returned. All is well in the world
Damn Scott is so good at making movies. 40 minutes about Donkey Kong Barrel Blast and I somehow come out of it feeling better about the world and myself.
Hes back. Gaming toast is very happy
i played sunman and i still have my virginity, i don't see what was so challenging here.
IM SO HAPPY, YES!
Well since it is a barrel blast video I guess it is worth the wait. Also glad you are back!!
I feel like Scott the Woz will finish when Scott is no longer a version
I had barrel blast as a kid I'm pretty certain it's what turned me super fucking gay ✌
No outro :(
The amount of sex being mentioned in this video makes me very uncomfortable. Great video otherwise! lol
Very happy to finally have your own theme playing. And much apprecation to the composer of Breakout for not coming after you :)
FINALLY
He’s back baby
Scott’s back wooo
Finally after 2 MONTHS the legend returns
How do you not mention donkey kong 94 gameboy?
I bet because of Scott making this someone is going to mod fucking Barrel Blast to play with the Bongos
FINALLY a new scott video! i've been making sure i had bell notifs on and checking your page making sure i didn't miss it for months now!
The return of the King
4:04 is just a bad Danhausen cosplay
... the outro... Please don't be permanent. I love 3D Dot Game Hero.
Peak character development
As soon as Scott played donkey Kong barrel blast he got hes girlfriend, coincidence I THINK NOT!
I would love to see Scott review elden ring
Call off the search and rescue team, Scott’s back!
Yoooo he's back
Incredible
So proud 🥲
That was a long week
I haven't even watched it yet, but YES! SCOTT'S BACK BOYS! Edit: On his list of things to do (16:10), May 22nd, 2022 says, "Betray the Alliance." That's today, the day he uploaded this. Is this him betraying the Alliance, or is there something else I should be worried about? Another edit: I like the old outro music better. However, that's not enough to make me not like this video.
Nice.
I didn't need to hear about the Rare acquisition for the 20th time in my life....  Real vid starts 13:45 in
My eyes lit up when I saw Scott back in my feed. I missed this
SCOTTS BACK
omg its been to long never again
I now see this for what it is. When the world need him the most, he disappeared. But then… in the darkest hour of humanity… he came back with another banger- HEY YALL SCOTT’S HERE
to quote the Stone from Sonic 2: "HE'S BAAACK!"
Holy crap he back
Hello Scott the Woz
Now I can't wait for the 40 minute long cinematic film about the L button.
HE HAS RETURNED!!!
Scott you should play ride to hell again
The first scenes lighting made scott look ugly
37:08 your a biiiiitch for telling me to not hurt myself
Our hero is back again.
I now fully expect porn to be a central antagonist at some point
WELCOME BACK SCOTT!
RETURN OF THE KING
Scott scratch's that 2014 game review/comedy channel itch I have only it's 2022. Can't really explain it well but the colors, the humor...he has all of the best parts of an older era of content and none of the bad. I'm not sure if it's nostalgia speaking for me but I really do think he's one of the greats.
This video has freed me from my tomb of nanner shaped stone to race barrels once again
I just re-watched the ending montage and just picked up on the fact that it switched from Breakout to the new theme halfway through. This might very well be the beginning of the end for that song. For the record, that is perfectly fine and it's probably a good decision to not tie your series to a preexisting thing, but still it's gonna be hard to let Breakout go. I also personally think the new theme might lack the versatility of Breakout. Granted we haven't seen much yet, but so far it just sounds like punchy action music and I'm not sure how it would be adapted to other styles. Breakout could easily go from punchy action to dramatic to calm and cheerful. I should give them the time to see what they can do with the theme but so far, it just doesn't seem to have what Breakout has. Or I'm just stubborn and resistant to change. Either way, I'm going to miss Breakout if it is truly gone and willing to give this new theme a shot.  P.S. does the new theme have a name? I feel weird just calling it, "The New Theme".
HE'S BACK!!!!!!
My favorite virgin is back
ngl the new outro goes pretty hard, and its nice to see that it puts some parity with the cable version of the show
i thought you retired or something
starring snort
ooh new end song I like it
Welcome back, Scott!
He has RETURNED
“I’m a virgin, dammit”
Leave it to Scott to come back with a feature presentation.
Let’s Gooo!!!
'bout time. both Barrel Blast and a new video.
Man I love reading The Pause That Frame Times! such a good source for all my Nintendo Makes Good Choices news!
He’s Back!!!
Ayy
he's back
I WAS LITERALLY JUST CHECKING YOUR CHANNEL EARLIER TODAY
What happened to the old Outro ;-; I died inside a little when it didn't play... Felt wrong.
Rip old outro
Finally  Thank you Scott
Somebody give these two an ace pride flag
:3
@30:41 high production value mouth movement editing spotted, so do I win a prize?
Finally, the king is back
finally. the scott joker arc
Oh hey it's Scott.
He's back!!!♡♡♡
From what I understand Nintendo's decision not to buy Rare back then may have had to do with the fact that they were bleeding a lot of talent by the time the early 2000s came around from what I gather.  Also turns out Reggie Fils Aime hated the Donkey Konga  because he felt it would hurt the brand
This video was a wonderful metaphor for asexuality and the feeling of growing up not understanding the appeal of sex and realizing you don’t have to understand and just be your own person proud of your sex-repulsed self. As someone considering asexuality myself, I commend you for that.
I can't believe how exited I was to click a video about donkey kong barrel blast
AND HE UPLOADS
I propose that similar to how the blue border got it's dedicated episode, the old outro get it's own episode as a swan song of sorts
Ohh I've missed this guy
F*ck my favorite anime is back with a new season!!. This is the virgin gamer arc
Scott I love you
When the world needed him most, Scott came down from the heavens and blessed us with Donkey Kong Barrel Blast
So glad ur alive
HES BACK!!!!
I always felt Nintendo had big ego problems related to a western company carrying their console.
The video was great, but, what happened to the Outro? Where is the 3D dot game heros song?
He returns!
HE IS NOW INSANE HE HAS VOICES IN HIS BRAINE
HES BACK
the return of the king
He's finally back!
Dkc2 for gba was my first game
The search term for candy kong r34 has increased tremendously after the release of this video
30:41
HES BACK!!!!!
We get it Scott you're ACE.
Glad to see ya back! Excellent work with the video!
3:19 - "'Snort!' 'Help!' 'Fight!'," these three things are apt descriptors for a Donkey Kong  and also the war on or usage of drugs
SCOTTTTTT
OH MY GEX HE'S BACK
Sex and ass are uncensored but fuck and shit are.
Oh my God Scott, I thought you were dead ;A;
Scott the Woz is now Bill Gates.
Virginity ends today.
I couldn't have asked for more for 2022
I'm so glad you're back! I've realy missed these high quality videos!
Holy moly, this is the guy who made the video "Best of Scott the Woz 2021". I wonder what his name is.
Damn forgot about the blue borderlines not gonna lie
When the world needed him most, he returned
6:10 It's true but he souldn't say it
YASSSS he has returned
Stopped watching this because I couldn't get past the comparison of Kirby Star Allies to all those other games y'all have a good one though
I can’t believe that yesterday I suddenly remembered you existed and wondered why u stopped uploading then bam my weekly dose of Sunday night entertainment
I missed you so much
Welcome back bby we missed you
Hey Scott, can you please change your intro back
very glad to see you back
G4 TV was a mistake. They failed so hard
Welcome back, Scott. Also change the outro back. Thanks.
so thats why it took so long for a new upload
6:09: I cringed when he pulled the cartridge out of the system while it was on.
“An excuse to ogle a monkey. JUST GO TO THE ZOO!”
“With Great Power, comes Great Virginity.” - Scott The Woz
rip old Scott The Woz outro 1/7/17 - 5/22/22
I lost the count of how many times he said sex, but something I'll never lose is my virginity.
Good to see ya back scott
To be fair, if your brother is able to tell you who murdered him, he’s probably lying
I actually enjoyed this game lol
I'm not sure how he added this extra chellenge.
I was just thinking that Scott had died.
Finally, the number 1 anime of the year is here
He's Back, Sex is no More.
Heeeesss baaaaacccckkkkk!!!!!!!
I had to get Ultra Barrel DK to get a Barrel Blast world record bc I was bored and I can confirm those challenges are GARBAGE BS
Scott actually has 37 copies of Barrel Blast on his shelf
Apparently my bday has a significant impact on you Scott
wow, excellent selection of music  Really, “Coming Soon” is a real banger
scott really invoking the avgn at the very beginning. i welcome it
It’s so nice to see you again. I hope all is going well on your end
never before i've been proud to be a virgin
Finally with a new awesome video. Thanks Scott!
Your Back!?
I actually enjoyed the 2 Donkey Konga games, as well as DK: King of Swing, on the GBA.
Missed you, welcome back.
HE'S BACK!
HES BACK MY FUCKING GOD HAS RETURNED. ALL HAIL SCOTT!!!!!!
idk why but i was really expecting this to end with scott, jeb and rex having a screen threesome
Good to have you back, Scott! Hey all, Lucas here. I was just wondering since it’s the 20th anniversary of Spider-Man, will you be willing to take a look at the 2002 Spider-Man game? For us, Spider-Woz?
So he didnt die
Scatt needs to do a psp episode
I was expecting him to reveal he'd been taking time off to work on switch 5 years in...  but I suppose reality sometimes surpasses expectations
Howdy Scott! Glad to see you back!
FINALLY A NEW VIDEO
Star allies is my favorite Kirby game still is
AWWWWW SHEET.  THE MAN IS BACK.
Oh, f**** yeah!
WAIT A SECOND WHERES THE NINTENDO SWITCH 5 YEARS RETROSPECTIVE SCOTT
Scott returns
Welcome Back!
31:17 no, but I was also not expecting it to have a freaking rack either. But here we are.
8:17 it's him
Hes back!!!!
Oh no… SCOTT HAS BEEN LAID!?
Hes back ohmigod hes back
1 minute in and my withdrawal has been cured. 2022 is saved
it feels like it has been ten years since a scott the woz video last came out
this video was well worth the wait
The return of the King   got some wind waker vibes on the first part tbh.
SCOTT THE WOZ IS BACK BAYBEEEEEEEE
The return of the legend
Welp Scott did it...he finally talked about sex
Babe, wake up. There's a blue border around the frame again.
💙
i need those drugs
HE'S BACK
16:08 on 22nd May, Scott has to betray the alliance, hence this was uploaded on 22nd May
Bro screw EDC, Scott the woz just posted
I wanna see a dk64 vid now
Congrats on your healthier outlook on your work/life balance, Scott. You're awesome. Video was fantastic.
He's alive! (and back)
Man, if only the developers built a bit trip runner type game for the bongos.
Thank you Scott, you've finally saved the world from the wrath of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast.
HE HAS RISEN
bro why did they edit his mouth at 30:40 💀
I missed you so much Scott. Good to have you back 💕
HE'S BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Can we have a Scott the Woz game cause I'd buy that even faster than I bought AVGN's game
okay so we've got a 38 minute video about bongos but we can't get a video about the L button smh my head
the donkey kong barrel blast video is here
Holy fuck, Scott the Woz
yessssss hes friggin back
Sad to hear Breakout gone but I think changing to a new original track was a great long term idea. Plus it’s actually a very catchy one which isn’t all too common for YouTubers. Great work as usual Scott with another laugh out loud video.
It’s funny Scott was so close to my actual age at 7:52 I was born December 2005.
16:44 Damn that's a convincing wooden door. XD  17:46 Rex should be concerned?  20:12 Does Scott weigh the same as a dying star?
I call cap. Scott fucks
He’s back! My entire evening is on hold for this.
Can't wait for the L button video next season
Hell yeah
HOLY SHIT Scott the Woz is still alive!
Yo, what happened to 3D Dot Game?
Holy Canoli he’s back
Damn, way to come back swinging, Scott! Welcome back to youtube, can't wait to see what the future holds for you!
20:46 I lost it 🤣🤣🤣🤣 Where have you been scott
See, I knew Scott was alive! :)
Scotty’s back, baby!
When is there gonna be a video for Scott stash?
He's baaaaaaack!
No gonna lie, I thought, since I was a little late to Scott the Woz, when I heard him talking about barrel blast in borderline forever and such, that he already made a video and I was out of the inside joke. Things make a lot more sense!
its time
Fantastic work as always. Sad to hear the classic end music gone
There's lots more you can do with the DK Bongos that isn't Donkey Konga based...like beat dark souls? Or cause irreversible harm?
Any one else getting that og avgn vibe from this
6:14 Ouch, that hurt.
SCOTT HERE
Headphone users beware lol I love you Scott and this video was amazing! But the audio levels, my guy; you’re killing me 🤣
Welcome back Scott, all here. And all is so happy you’re back!
I have not and never will except Mario as a "cultural icon". His games suck, as a character he sucks even harder.
Another masterpiece.
Wow
And when the world needed him most, he returned!
You can’t kill the king, unless it’s with donkey Kong bongos
It happened
Its gonna take some time to get used to the new outro
glad to see scott back
He’s backkkkkkk!!!!!!!!!’
the king has returned
you know i'm pretty sure all of this could've been solved in no time flat with Madden 08
He hath returned
For a moment i thought scott went out to get milk
The man. The myth. The legend. The "Hey All" is back brought to you by Scott!!
He returns!!!
first video of 2022
It's either, beat the game or beat your meat. The most difficult choice of all time.
This is the hardest I've laughed at a video in a while. This is the most triumphant return in YouTube history. You really knocked this one out of the park
THE KING IS BACK!
The kings back with donkey Kong
This man in terms of holding out content is on the same level as Belle Delphine
I like how the new outro is his G4 theme. And to be honest, I don’t mind it being his new, permanent theme.
is it just me, or doess rex's mouth at 30:41 look fake?
I’m really glad Scott the Woz is back and I enjoyed this episode, but I have one question: what happened to the outro music?
Glad you are back, I missed you!
Life feels whole again
Just saw this dropped and was like hell yes I been wondering where you was scott, glad you back and healthy dude
What a f*cking way to start off season 6! A 40 minute episode on Barrel Blast with that dope montage at the end, and that new ending song makes this feel like an evolution of the series. Like we’ve entered Scott the Woz: 2
16:10 Well, did you betray the alliance yesterday?
Rare made its best game under Microsoft baby!!!
HES BACK
37:06 What about BDSM?  Also welcome back Scott :D
VIRGINITY IS COOL  REMAIN PURE
Scott has such good comedic timing
HE DID IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
The brush your teeth with mice bit got me so good 😂 I love you Scott
Nice to have you back.
Anyone know what "Alien Egg" game is? I liked the art of it shown in the video, and want to see what it's about. After a quick google search, I didn't find much on it besides it being an IOS game :/
Welcome back, Scott. We missed you.
RETURN OF THE KING…  AGAIN
Personally, I am gonna wait till marriage to play Donkey Kong Barrel Blast. I want my wife and I to do a blind playthrough of the game during our honeymoon.
Kids cover your ears. I’m sorry to be controversial…but I’ve never played barrel blast.
Fucking finally. Thought Chet might have killed you
Wait a minute. The outro music is different...
yay good to have you back scott we've missed you, happy you took time off if you needed a break :)
He's back!!
Great video
In for the "OMG SCOTT IS STILL DOING VIDEOS!!! HE'S BACK!!!!"
Oh thank god, Scott The Woz is back
He’s back in full swing of the wii remote
20:46 golden
“It’s not Donkey Kong Racing! It’s Earl!”
HES BACK LETS GO SCOTT
Why does he look more mid-western dad like… oh wait he is technically mid-western
"barrel blast" is the name of a certain sex act in Europe, that's why they changed the name there
YOURE BACK
A true cinematic masterpiece. Thank you, Scott.
Me: OMG the guy who owns Sonic Jam is back! Me after 38 minutes: 3d dot game heroes Breakout outro is dead. Break In will be the new scott anthem. Praise it!
This intro is the reason why it took 3+ months for scott to make a new video. You can't change my mind
Sight unseen, this is the greatest birthday present I never asked for
I needed you tonight. Thank you.
After his failed venture in woke G4 he comes crawling back.
HES BACK
Disclaimer: Scott may not actually be a virgin.
nice
A NEW EPISODE AMEN
Happy your back my dude
People talking about Breakout being removed from the end credits but nobody talking about how the new song is called Break In
Lads, He's BACKKKKK!
Make a fling smash video now
Tasteful Scarlet Letter reference
I like this iteration of Peter Parker
The prodigal son has returned
That candy monkey is genuinely creepy what the hell were they thinking
just realized this came out on my birthday exactly i feel honored
Also Rare for Nintendo with the N64 is literally Insomniac Games for Sony with the PS5. I mean even Naughty Dog isn't really pushing out anything right now and I get why but still Insomniac is making so many great games for Sony and the fun part is that they actually bought them out.
The betrayer
Graças a Deus que voltou.
Just when I thought I was gonna go to sleep I saw Scott uploaded
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Scott gets political 😈
I'll miss Breakout being the main theme but it's really cute that the new one is called Break In
He's back!
It's good to be back Scott!
I'm not sure but I think he's a nintendo guy
30:40 What the funk is up with your mouth man? You feelin okay?
Scott, Dunkey, and Jontron are the holy trinity of perfect YouTubers
The Return of the Woz
I thought this was a parody episode made by fan from being not having scott videos for months
he's BAAACCK
Glad you woke up from your 3 month nap! I gotta ask… is 5 years of Nintendo Switch coming out?
The gods have graced with such perfection.
God the mouth-replacement scared the f* out of me
the legend is back!
Oh Finally! Donkey Kong Barrel Blast! We stopped being Virgins!
This video made me think that being virgin in the Wozniverse is a metaphore for being gay, but yeah it's probably wrong.
You're eligible for for a "Thought You Died" award.
He's jack folks
the man, the myth, the legend.
The Return of the King
HE'S BACK!!!
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED
Challenge 33 gives me serious creepy pasta vibes
in short: what Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast does to a mfer
Barrel Blast is the best sex allegory
Scott the Woz is the type to have a girlfriend and still be a virgin
God, it's so, beautiful
After about 4 months, he returns still a virgin.
Woooooo!
He's back!!
Babe wake up, a new scottthewoz
HE’S BACKKKKKKKK
Legitimately lost my virginity in 2007 ha
let's go !!!!
HE’S BACK!
Welcome back, Scott! Another banger video, I'm so excited to see what you have in store for us later in the year!   [SPOILERS AHEAD]     The sick ass music at the end having motifs of the TV show theme literally made me jump for joy because yes, I'm a moron and I get excited over stupid things.  With that, I should mention the new outro music. While yes, I like it and it sounds great, it's still sad that we may not get to hear Breakout at the end anymore. If this is for copyright, I understand the reasoning, but still. One more thing, to my knowledge, new episodes of Scott the Woz haven't been aired on G4 for a while, so could this new outro be unrelated to that? Anyways, those are my ramblings. Thanks for another great episode, and welcome back!
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Welcome back Scott! We missed you!
Great reference to the scarlet letter
he s back
Good to have ya back Scott
you know, I was wondering where scott was, but now I'm just glad he's back honestly; also, nice new ed - gonna take some getting used to but it's really good regardless!
After 3 months...
Without this game how else would I know that I needed to hide the fact that I need cartoon monkey titties in my life?
Dose it feel weird to not hear the usual outro theme
But Scott, when will you talk about the L button?
Scott the WOOOOOOOZZZZZZZ LETS GOOOOOOOO
It still fascinates me just how BAD the Wii ages.
Return of the king ladies and gents.
HE'S BACK, HELL YEAH And this is the perfect return as well, amazing
YES!!!!!! YES!!!!!!! FINALLY YES!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
8:27 ITS ME
SCOTTS BACK!
The wait is over my brothers, sisters and everything in between
Scott is my favorite volcel
Return of the king!
30:41 is this... a mouth replacement...?
outro music!?
Welcome back, Scott. We missed your videos. Can’t wait til the next one. 👍👍
The Return of the King
Yes dinally a new video!!!!
Wait he's not dead
Back up in that ass like a hemroid! Been SO long.
'Not Viagra' got a laugh out of me.
HE S BACK
Oh....my....god....
I love how the message at the end works for both virginity and games. It doesn't matter what someone does or what someone plays as long as they aren't harming anyone by doing so. Case in point, around 1:52, Scott briefly shows a pile of games that he considers to be Nintendo's flounders, with him holding Kirby Star Allies. However, while I understand the faults with that game, I still had a lot of fun with it in the end, mainly with the multiplayer and the post game content added over time. He obviously doesn't like Star Allies, while I do. Both viewpoints are fine as long as you're not being an asshole about it.
We don't hear from Scott in months just to find him in a cave. Scott I got one question. Wtf?
The king has returned
I was just thinking the other day about how the algorithm had stopped recommending Scott the Woz videos to me, not realizing it had been 3 months since the last upload.  As an asexual, I am really loving this episode. I laughed out loud numerous times, as is usual with Scott the Woz episodes
OMG HES BACK!!!!
Hands down the best content creator on the internet
38:04 so that’s why it took so long to come back
To quote Sonic 2:  "HEEEEE'S BAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!"     If you would like to learn more about the Donkey Kong Country series, I would highly recommend the Geek Critique. He did a whole series about the franchise, from Donkey Kong Country to Donkey Kong Country Returns Tropical Freeze. Go watch it!
he liiiiveees
If he ever has kids I’m unsubbing
Scott has emerged... If he doesn't see his shadow we get weekly videos for the whole summer.
Return of the King
Im ganna go to prison and now you come back… well I’ll catch up in 5 years. C,ya
In the best way, this feels so much like a Cinemassacre production. I thought I was watching James for a second at the beginning there.
6:08 he ripped out the cartridge while the console is still on. my heart jumped too hard
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast after marriage for the purpose of procreation is the only morally righteous option.
Keep spelunking. Misanthropy is overrated.
He's back again and about time too
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast and Scott the Woz, a combination we never knew we needed.
It's strange, when I first heard the new theme on the G4 version of the show it felt jarring, but I've been watching that for a few weeks and now hearing it here, officially on the channel, sends chills down my spine. It feels so great to see a gaming youtuber break into television with the very content that they've always made. Scott deserves this so hard. Welcome back, Scott.
Yay!
Donkey Kong '94 never gets any love or mention. 😔 legitimately one of the most underrated games of all time.
SCOTT'S BACKKKK!!!
Holy shit it's Scott the Woz. I can still remember when I thought he was going to make a 5th anniversary switch year look back. Still I think donkey Kong barrel blast will make up for that glad to have you back man!
It’s my bedtime but Scott is back 😁😎
New end credit music?! Scott's moving up in the world! The production quality here was great. Can't wait to see where you go next.
I like how the end card uses his official theme song, but at this point the original is so iconic
rip breakout as the ending theme
Man I've just started rewatching vids cause it had been a while and now a whole dk vid. We're truly blessed.
The ending of the video was actually perfect. Also, welcome back!
OH MAH GAWD
is the mouth edited on at 30:42 ?
Should this game remind me of Mario Kart tour?
I never noticed the blue line until you pointed it out and now I hate it😂
I'd honestly love to have a Random Cup in Mario Kart.
“Hey all, Scott here!”   I’m home
I'm going to miss Breakout, but the new theme sounds great! This really was worth the wait.
Good show, old bean!
I'm really glad he's back.
i missed you so fucking much
myke c town
G4 money ain't hittin' eh?
Thank you, Scott. For protecting our virginity. All of our virginity.
How could you forget donkey kong 94 game boy? It’s the best game boy game ever for me. It starts like a arcade DK remake and then it becomes a puzzle platform et with 101 stages. Please, everyone, play donkey kong 94 game boy. It’s a masterpiece.
I can't wait to watch this after work.
The prophecy!
Lonely Goomba will not be happy about what you said about King of Swing
6:48 YOU FOOL!!!😂😂😂😂
Rip the outtro music
This video is now  a key video in the history of asexual media.
16:35 there you go fans, the Spider-Man
17:35 i am so glad that Scott is back
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO SCOTTTTTTT
thank you for the new video scott
And thus ends the era of Break Out
is there a deeper meaning to this video? (no pun intended)
New end credit song Farewell old friend hello new friend
Return of the king
At last dad came home with the milk
Freaking love the remix to the G4 intro being used as your new outro. 😁
So glad to see you back! Hope you had an excellent break Scott!
"....he f*ked" LMFAO
Boy, where have you been???
I agree
I've got monkey fever with this video! I'm covered with sores!
HES BACK
YEEEEES
HOLD THE PHONE
i didn't have 'the first scott the woz episode in five months is a deliberate metaphor for the fact that someone's personal opinion on or experiences with sex really doesn't mean anything in the grand scheme of things and it's alright to have whatever feelings you want about it without shaming others for not thinking the same' on my bingo card but i'm really happy to see that as the message this episode goes for. thank you scott
welcome back king
Yes he is back!! So happy to see this in my notifications ahhh
No reason for this episode to be 40 minutes long
The return of the king. Nice to see you, Scottson
Hey don't talk shit about King of Swing. Anybody who plays that is a chad.
Thank you Scott for making my day :)
You should try doing metal gear solid it would be funny.
Scott the woz is the ace representation that nobody knew that they needed
OH MY GOD HE ACTUALLY DID IT
New Summoning Salt video then two days later a new Scott video. Did god buy YouTube and decide to make this week the new Christmas??!
ohhhhhh my gawd
huh? new scott?
its so amazing to have you back! you're one of the most talented youtubers i've ever seen
Can't wait to add "*Donkey Kong Theme* The beginning of the end" to the out of context Scott the Woz quotes
THE LEGEND RETURNED
THREE YEARS, IVE BEEN IN HERE FOR THREE YEARS
I used to love this game. I’d sit there shaking my wii remote like a madman and thoroughly enjoy myself
Good to see you back on youtube!
0:32 the line delivery of "heh losers" was perfect
Glad you're back.
Another masterpiece, keep it up Scott
30:41 what's with his mouth? Was that edited in post?
SCOTT
Scott please put the old outro music back
I was so pumped thinking this was Jungle Blast, I had never heard of Barrel Blast
THERE HE IS, THERES MY FAVORITE WHITE BOY
He's Back!!!
My closest friend in college was someone I connected with through your videos. We graduated today. Thank you Scott
HE’S BACK!!!!
scott the woz: defender of asexuals everywhere
Very good video!
R.I.P. Old Outro, gone but not forgotten
Finally
I can't enjoy DK Barrel Blast without watching this video first.
I’m gonna be honest, I didn’t even know they made so many Donkey Kong Games.
The king returns to the throne
nice.
Holy shit hes alive
When the world needed him the most He came back!
Hearing Scott say "Hey y'all" once again felt like heroin running through my veins
I’m just happy he’s back. You can tell there were some parts where he messed up dialogue and had to voice it over, but the storytelling is just as sublime as ever
Its been 9000 years
When the world needed him the most, *he returned*
Welcome back scott, our favorite virgin. and love the new outro song!
Yay! You're finally back! The chosen one has returned to us!
The jokes really hit hard me in this one. Was chuckling alot during this episode, “No sex appeal monkey” really got me.
HE'S ALIVE!!!
He’s back baby!  This is great for the economy.
Sees video notification...  Closes down Mean Bean Cafe...  "He's BAAAAAAAAAAAACK!"
When the world needed him most, he returned..
I was at a yard sale yesterday and scored the GBA EReader bundle box for $3. GBA isn't there (I have one) but EReader, Donkey Kong Jr, 5 card sample pack, and Donkey Kong 3 E game with. Get me some of that Donkey Kong ass Donkey Kong ass
The return of the king
Welcome back scott
You may have to drop the whole virgin thing… we all know you’re having sex. 😉
Where is switch 5 yrs in how sad omg im crying so hard rn
Welcome back, Scott. We've missed you.
Really enjoyed Scott’s telling of genesis.
I'm a Weezer fan AND I've never played this game. Pray for me.
I thought it was a fever dream that he doesn’t post for months like what happened to Michael Reeves. And now the GUY THAT SONIC JAM IS FUCKING BACK.
Scott you beautiful non-virgin bastard! I love you so much 😂. Thank you so much you made my whole year better finally.
That was great
He has returned, and He is great!
I thought Scott Drown in sperm
"Yep. And we're about to film our first sex tape."  Jesus scott, you are a masterful comedy writer.
3 months ago, war was in its worst, many virgins married women, and kids are into cringy stuff; however, today is the day a hero was born, the not-so-anti virgin
He's back
Yes!! Long time no see, Scott!
Fun fact: Scott said “Donkey Kong” a total of Donkey Kong times. The number was so high, a new number has been created.
The doctor watching me pull up Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast | The Curse - Scott The Woz after telling me I have 38 minutes and 35 seconds left to live
Scott, is this an extended metaphor to how society views sex           using funny wacky monkey barrel racing?
Me literally 30 seconds ago: "Wow, I've watched everything that I want to watch on YouTube at this point."  Scott the Woz: "Hey all, I heard you needed something to watch, I got you"
YOOOO
Hey all, Scott’s back! Finally I have more than one reason to exist!  * Mario 35 shuts down *  I’ll take my chances with the not RPG guy.
Now we just need a fling smash video
honestly as an asexual rex is good representation i love him
Holy crap, dude!
Oh my god, you're alive!!
Yes!! Finally!!
HOLY FUCK HOLY SHIT ITS HERE!!!
Hey, Scott, I bought my 1st Wii U. Are you proud of me?
seeing the thumbnail was wild cause I work at a store were customers can sell us games and stuff, today was the first day I saw dk bongos and I was like whaaat and I get home to see woz upload and its about the b a r r e l s, me thinks its fate
HES BACK
Rest in peace Breakout  We will miss you
You know I never knew how much I would miss the blue border until now
ITS BEAUTIFUL
Scott returns after 4+ months and the first thing he does is use Donkey Kong Barrel Blast for the Nintendo Wii as a metaphor for sex positivity.   Dad's finally home again
Holy shit, Scott the Woz
YES! HES BACK
HES BACK!!!
Hey look everybody! Scott’s back!
YEEEEEESSSS        But where's Nintendo Switch 5 Years Later, though?
Return of the Woz
I follow you, Scott all the way! Virgins unite!
Although the episode is called the curse, I must say, its a blessing to see Scott back.
The fact that scott owns all the bongo compatible games for the gamecube scares me.
HE'S BACK
Bro there was literally nothing good to watch on youtube until now.
I’m not gonna lie, I thought something Covid-wise had happened to you, since there was such a gap between this video and the last one. Good to see you’re still ok.
The forth game in “The dark age of Nintendo”
He has returned
The return of the king
Where the old outtro song
He’s back
Breakout is dead lol
Just when I was about to go to bed and wake up for work . Scott puts on a new video . Well geez thanks
HES BACKKKkkK
HE'S BACK! HE ESCAPED G4 thank god
i am 30 and never knew there was a DK 3 until today. Wow.
See, the punchline here is because the real reason for this long hiatus was because Scott was making up for lost time so he could have the sex with his actual real life girlfriend
The legend returned
Scott needs to do a video on Weezer
Scott finaly uploaded a new video  This is automatically the best day ever
The return of the king everyone!!!!
Scott's back!
In an interview, Reggie Fils-Aimé said he hated Donkey Konga. Thought it would ruin Donkey Kong's brand.
he is risen
He has returned.
WOZZZ
HE DUD IT
Our lord and savior has returned
When the world needed him the most, he returned...
There was an alternate to misanthropy? Well 💩
Do you guys think Scott had sex and that what it's really about?
The Legend is BACK
Funny enough the Dance Dance Revolution games for the Wii would try and implement dumb motion control and balance board things. Luckily they were optional things you could turn off or avoid altogether
YEEEEEEEEESSSSS IT'S BEEN FAR TO LONGGGGGG!!!! SCOTT UPLOADED!!
He truly is the chosen one!
HES BAAAAAAAAACK!
18:34 Why is in PAL speed?
I’m gonna be honest I’ve been binge watching old episodes and thought that this was an old one I somehow missed until I saw the time stamp.
Wtf
Return of the king
Ultra Barrel DK reminds me of Super Sonic in Sonic R. Seems to break races the exact same way.
Nice, Scott's back
He has returned!
Welcome back Scott.
The Return of the King
This was worth the wait
THE RETURN OF THE KING
I LOVE YOU.
Now I’ll never be a virgin
Hes back!
Return of the Kong
For years I have waited for this….
Missed ya Scott been a while
Scott should release 5 years of the Nintendo switch
Yay, Scott is still alive!
this was 100% worth the wait
He back  He's the legend
arguably the best outro to a scott the woz video ever
Holy Shit
Finally dude, only comes back from a hiatus with a guess the video game song, it's finally over
Awesome, I checked this page yesterday glad to see he's alright!
Worth the wait. OwO
I was just checking on you yesterday!
hearing the new ending song is so fucking weird for me, it threw me for the biggest fuckking loop of my life
Just when the world needed him most he returned
The ending is better than endgame
Holy shit, you're still alive.
New scott outro based on the TV intro you love to see it
SCOTT IS BACK
Pls leave
Scott lives? Must be a scam.
Where the fuck have you've been kid!!! You've aged my boy. Good shit!!!
Sundays have a purpose again!!
Missed you, Scotty!
It felt like Scott is trying to be more like the nerd
Can we talk about how it’s been 8 years since the last DK game
Love the easily smashable foam core door XD
Anyone know if he’s still gonna do a switch year in review
Thanks for making one of the most awkward videos to watch with literally anyone else around.
HE'S BACK!
i forgot scott existed
Nice
I love me a good Donkey Kong ass Donkey Kong ass Donkey Kong ass. Truly timeless. Don't ever change, Scott
This will be the most liked video on YouTube
He’s baacckk!!!😎😆
You have now idea how much better my day got when I saw Scott was back 😂
THE KING IS BACK
That was well worth the wait, good to have you back scott, and still a virgin even after barrel blast very impressive 👍
And thus the curse ended... Rest easy hero
"You're not a fucking creep, you're a fucking friend" needs to be a gif asap
Babe, wake up! New Scott the Woz video.
Where is Chunky Kong?
Today is my birthday this is a grate gift
I knew 2022 was missing something.
This is a Donkey Kong game btw
"my name is scott the woz and I have diabetes"
you really should seek help for your severe ADHD.
I felt this video coming like a storm
Y’know now I’m tempted to buy Barrel Blast-
And he’s BACK!!!  Thank god!!
HES RETURNED 😆😆😆
the curse against virginity
Scott The Woz is Finally Return in This Channel Baby!
16:46 16:50 i love the continuity error where the broken door fixes itself
finally FINALLY-Scott while taking about super game boy 2.
The unvriginintor
HES ALIVE!
I’ll be honest, I’m really going to miss the old outro. I don’t mind the new one, and it’s cool that this time it’s actually an original composition, but the old one was so synonymous with Scott that it’ll be hard not to miss it.
worth the wait, this video was!  the best part was when he drank an entire bottle of "not viagra"
My patience has been rewarded
HES BACK!
mom? MOM christmas came early
38:15 Love the new outro song, so great to have Scott back.
I am glad you enjoyed your break Scott always fun to have you back
did scott just make a whole segment about judging people about their sex life using barrel blast as a metaphor?
New end theme?
Scott’s Back! Scott’s Back! Scott’s Back! Scott’s Back! Scott’s Back! Scott’s Back! SCOTT’S BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!  Welcome back, Woz. We have missed you!!!
That intro alone made up for his absence. An absolute legend.
The content drought is over, thank you Scott.
WOOOOOOOOOO NEW SCOTT THE WOZ
LETS GOOOO
30:42 his mouth looks weird
That’s one off my bingo sheet. Just need a video on the L button and I get a dollar and crippling depression!
... It is here!
Medio Video Scott, 100% La raja! (Honestamente a mi me gustaba el Donka Barrel Blast ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ era un niño weon)
Was this social commentary or a scott the woz video
No no no please go back to the old outro
he did it, what a legend
Welcome back Scott we've missed you
This is the episode that was saved in the edit.
22:14  haha 420 banana
Ahh yes, Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast. What a fantastic video
wait. Is Scott asexual?
THE LEGEND IS BACK
What?
scott i love you
Omg it happened.
Holy s***! Scott's back!
Blasting my girlfriend's barrel right now bois. Keep trying.
Super happy to see a new video, Scott. We all missed you greatly. 10/10, would watch a new Scott the Woz video again.
missed you brother
The limp handshake made me was amazing!
Nature is healing !!!
SCOTT THE WOZ IS BACK!!!!!
The king has returned
HE’S BACK
HES BACK
It’s not the same without the 3D dot game heroes.
That last frame alone was worth the wait.
Does Scott listen to Weezer?
I hope he still uses the old outro song sometimes
This video is amazing, as all your videos are scott
Finally
Its midnight where i am.... but Scott!!
RIP Gerald Ford
I need to try this soon! Will need a USB adapter of some sort probably.
So is this video the betrayal of the alliance?
I always thought this game looked really fun as a concept with the DK bongos. :/
17:49 Lmao just walks in with no pants x"D
BOYS HE'S B A C K
Also really funny video, great job!
I miss you 🥹.
He’s back
he did it
hey all, he's back
I didn’t know donkey kong 3 had some much donkey kong ass, wow!
This is a certified gamer moment
16:10 what does "betray the alliance" mean?
THE KING IS BACK
Father is here
I feel like this video is going to teach me everything I need to know about virginity.
Glad to see you back
And when we were stranded, lost in our own failed ways, he found us
Thank god. Now that Scott is back gas prices can go back down.
ewverv
He’s done it boys
Never have I clicked on a video with barrels in it faster
Why is he going to betray the alliance today?
HOLY CRAP!!!!!!!! NEW SCOTT THE WOZ!!!!!!!!!
Can you please stop destroying my speakers with Woz spaz attacks? Thank you Scott, love ya.  Edit: cancel that, do whatever you have to do to conquer the beautiful world of sexless video games!
Holy Crap Scott released a new video
Okay the 3d dot game hero leading into the new Scott the Woz theme in the last scene is kind of badass
he fucking did it
Hey Scott, what’s with the random dubbing?
Glad you're back Scott!!! Hope you're doing well and remember that we will always patiently await your turn. I appreciate all the effort you put into your content so I understand if they take a while to create and if you need a break sometimes.
Take a shot everytime you hear "Donkey Kong"
Honestly I like the new ending music more I like the new Scott the Woz theme, it’s fun!
HOLY FUCK SCOTT THE WOZ
HOLY SHIT HE'S BACK
Coul not asked for a better returning video
Welcome back mr the woz
At 22:40 you can hear Scott concisely and accurately describe the entire “Just Dance” game series
That SoaB. He actually did it...
New ending theme?
The outro... is gone.
He's back people.
Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast being an allegory for sex is not something I expected to see today, but honestly not that surprising from a Scott the Woz video.
OMG SCOTT UPLOADED!!! LETS GOOOOO
He’s back! Stay calm everybody.
HOLY SHIT BARREL BLAST
He’s back
Your audio mixing has gotten a lot better, dude! So glad you're back!
Only Scott would turn a review of a mid racing game woth some Donkey Kong thrown into a epic story of people wanting to have sex and him trying to stop it
Holy shit no way this is real
16:10 Betray the alliance, ok 😂
THE GRAND RETURN OF THE LEGEND.
avgn vibes on this one
Bois come together now, the Nintendo white guy is back
Wait a minute, they have been spelling Monkey Kong wrong this whole time!
Hey all scott's back
Finally
It's kinda wierd not hearing 3d dot heroes breakout at the outro, its been a part of the channel for so long that it kinda became the 'Scott the Woz main theme' lol. But I guess this signifies a new phase in the channel, a new season for Scott the Woz
This is no ordinary video. This was a journey. Thank you for enlightening me. I will always remain a virgin!
Finally, a video about the best game of all time!
I can't lie, 37:36 through the end is one of the most beautiful sequences I've ever seen, and now I'm holding back tears.
Babe wake up. Scott uploaded a new video.
HES BACK!
OMG UR BACK
Welcome back
Where were you buddy r u ok!?!
I love the new outro music!
Good to be back Scott the woz
OH MY GOD
I still regret selling off my DK bongos just because of how weirdly unique they were... Miss those paperweights...
Haven't started the video yet but I'm calling it donkey Kong barrel blast is so good at repelling virginity that Scott gets laid and has a baby
The legend is back.
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!
Finally a new Scott the woz video
Yay Scott is back
Finally… 2022 is looking up
The Return of the Woz.
I love the little bit of unnoticeable editing at 30:41
Woah it's Scott The Woz
Best Vid in a long time XD
i swear i just thought to myself "wow i haven't watched a scott the woz video in a while" and then this appears...
💚
When the world needed him most, he came back
"Hey, y'all. Ska tear."  So glad that Scott is still bringing awareness to the sad fact that the ska music scene has rapidly degraded in the past few years.  Keep skanking, Scott!
HE'S BACK.
100k views in 1 hour Jesus Christ
SCATT
I think I now know why it took so long: Rex's hair needed to grow back!
took you a damn long time so.... wheres my book
Where did my outro go. damn-it I want an answer
HES BACK! THIS IS NOT A DRILL!
He's back, HE'S BACK!!!!! 🙌🏻🙌🏻🙌🏻🔥
Guys, I just found out my mom isn't a virgin, what do I do??
“Scholars considered June 28th to be the turning point”  There’s nothing funny about this unless you’re me because that’s my mom’s birthday. Not only that but my birthday was right before that.
Two things amazing episode love that he's finally back and also I hope the intro music goes back to normal for the next episode
Great that your back, but you don't have to go back to uploading every week, we understand and dont want you to get burnt out again.   Just take uploading at your own pace, and thanks for the content
I never expected to hear Scott say “We’re about to film our first sex tape.” I’m so glad I’m alive.
That montage was badass.  Ps. Donkey King was dope, reminded me of Taiko No Tatsujin, which is also great.
he just like meeeew
return of The King
Rip to breakout… although the new ending theme slaps hard
NO WAY
Damn it the production quality on these videos is just 100/10
I’m about to get in she shower so I can’t watch this yet but I have a hunch that Scott is never getting a v card after this
Seriously got half way through the video before noticing it was a new one. I feel stupid lol.
Even Scott's soy laden loins cannot comprehend the totality of his actions today.
All that's left for him to conquer is FlingSmash now... and then he will ascend.
He is back!
Is it me or does Scott look different? I swear he looks older but it's only been a few months.
Welcome back, Scott!
Damn Scott, you switched places with JonTron for a while there. You stopped posting and he started posting.
I missed you scott
Was... was this Scott's way of telling us that he had sex for the first time??
Scott... What happened on the 22nd of May? 🤭
SCOTT IS BACK
Thanks to you Scott, I can live my 20’s in peace. Your sacrifice will be remembered.
This plot feels like an episode of Regular Show
Got my heart broken earlier just for it to come back alive with a new Scott upload
MY god he has returned!
hey ma... SCITT is back
Man I love Rare. The amount of amazing games they’ve made is insane. Loving sea of thieves nowadays.
he should do video on just dance
The Triumphant return
Who is that guy?
Dk jungle climber was the first video game i have ever owned and played. I loved it so much
The Scarlet Letter “A” reference
oh mah gahhh
Welcome come!! you were dearly missed!!
HES BACK
I can't believe he didn't even mention the fact that controls are reversed. If you're hitting bongos to go faster, then why do you turn in the direction of the one you're hitting? Shouldn't it be like rowing a boat? As in, hitting the right barrel makes it go faster, hence turning you left?
YESS UR BACK!
You see the thumbnail and youd think its fake
Your irl mic sounds a bit rough
I just spent $20 on Barrel blast 😢
gaming jebus has risen once again!!!
When Scott the Woz comes back and the first thing he posts is a pornography
this is the greatest birthday gift i could ever receive
Welcome back scott, we missed you!
Sad to see the old theme go, but a great episode regardless
“so, you’re finally awake”
releases his first video in months and it's a sex tape...  i've seen all
2:56 ever heard of Zelda
Im starting to think theres a symbolism in this one
The king hath returned!
Carefully, he's a hero
WHEN THE WORLD NEEDED HIM MOST… AND ITS MY BIRTHDAY, THIS IS THE BEST BIRTHDAY GIFT EVER MAN 🫶🏾🫶🏾💯💯💯
So did he have sex or not? I can't wait 4 months to find out!
SCOTT THE BACK???!
Yo I thought I was on Waz channel...well I guess I'll hang out.
Tube Slider sucked.
This video is so horny. I guess that's just the curse of DK: Barrel Blast.
The king has returned!
I really want a Donkey Kong game in the spirit of Super Mario Odyssey or Kirby Forgotten Lands.
ok mate, cool, but like, where's the "the L button" video, mate?
I watched every Scott the Woz video waiting for this one and I’m glad I did.
“Donkey Kong-ass Donkey Kong’s Donkey Kong-ass Donkey Kong ass” might be the most bewilderingly clever quip in a video game review.
Scott is the only YouTuber where I like, before I watch.
Nerd :P
I’m honored to have Scott betray the alliance on my birthday.
He's Back!!!
W return
Is this a metaphor for Scott being asexual?
The man, the myth, the legend is back. Scott (the Woz) Wozniak!
The prodigal has returned!
He may not be the hero we needed, but he's the one we deserved.
Hello
Oh ... my ... Kong. I can't believe it, you're back. I don't even care that the blue border might burn in my OLED. I'm watching this, right now.
new era of gaming, different outro song    (i know its the g4 intro song but still)
HE’S BAAAAAAACK
Where’s the old outro music 😰😰😰
Welcome back!
**Spit take** YOU *OWN* DONKEY KONG JR. MATH?!?
SCOTT THE WAZ
How has the way that door, that was destroyed, opened not been patented?!
How many of you know that Conker   first appeared in Diddy Kong Racing? Without Diddy Kong Racing we wouldn't have Conker.
HEEEEEASSSS BBBAAAAAACCCKKKKK!!!!!
He’s alive!!
Scott sprayed his peepee with Raid for a 2 second joke. The dedication is intact
When’s the 5 year switch video
Return of the king
yay he's back
Finally, now the subreddit can stop shitting and pissing it’s pants
Finally!!!!!!!!!
HONEY SCOTT THE WOZ UPLOADED GET OUT THE FINE CHINA
This is what the gun was for
And just like that, life is good once again 😁
Rip breakout
OMGGGGG HE'S BACKKKKKK
I took a huge break from your channel after gifts of gaming and was like, "oh he's probably uploaded tons by now" You'd imagine my face when this was the only video since gifts of gaming
Wake up babe, new Scott video
*YES* *GOD, YES*
Scott is the second coming of The AVGN
Welcome home Scott
Glad to have you back! Great video as always :)
HE’S BACK!!!
they perfected candy kong's design in this game and yet people thought the visuals were bad?
Damn it's been only an houra
HEEEEEEESSSSSSBAAAAAAACKCCKCKCKCKJSHDHABHDHABWBFBZNWOSS DA LQNEKA
Praise Manchester! The Woz has returned!
nice
The king returns!
The goat has returned
When we needed him he's back
The Legend Come to Life
New outdo music
i am so happy right now thank you lord
Petition to bring break out back
What the fuck did I just watch
Babe wake up Scott the Woz just posted
We've entered a new era, there's different outro music now.
I love the transition from the 3d dot game heroes ost to scots main theme at the end
Wow I can’t believe Scott did it. He didn’t have sex
Season 6 is definitely gonna be a barrel blast
... ehhhhhh, i dont like the replacement of the ending theme
He did it
Scott finally lost his virginity.
OUR SAVIOR HAS RETURNED
SCOTT IS BACK BABE SCOTT IS BACK!!!!
He’s baaaaackkkk!!!!!!!!!!
the king has returned
holy shit, it's Scott the Woz!
Please play as a ape
scott should just get a hooker
I... Love... You... Scott... I looked you up yesterday wondering where you went... Yay :) keep it up man best YouTuber.
And so begins a new season of Woz. Good show brother!
38:30 NOOOOOOOOOO
The return of the king!
Glad to have you back Scott. Hope you feel better and ready to  make some awesome videos about stupid video games.
HERE WE GOOOOOOO WELCOME BACK SCOTT
This coming out one day before my birthday makes this the best gift effort.
Bro i literally looked up scott two hours ago wondering where he’s been and then he comes back swingin❤️
He’s back baby!
Okay Scott has aged 5 years in 5 months. In a good way.
same scott, same intro, same virginity, NEW OUTRO????? WE'RE IN A NEW ERA BABY
Humanity has peaked
Now we can rest easy knowing that Scott the Woz has overcome his fear of DK barrel blast.
I thought this was an old upload creeping in my suggested
WHERE HAVE YOU BEEN?!
Came back 3 months later and now he looks like Bill Gates
Finally, the King has returned
Guys he's back.
Happy to see you back Scott!  We all missed you!
Barrel blast is the best game ever
I FUCKING LOVE SCOTT THE WOZ
It's as if nothings changed, love it. Welcome back!
37:52 he even referenced g4 Scott
Ayyyyy new outro lets go!
A new season. Nice!
HE'S ALIVE! THE WOZ IS ALIVE! IT TOOK HIM 3 MONTHS TO COME BACK BUT HE'S ALIVE!
dude it's been 3 months where have you been.
When we needed him most he returned
He’s back baby!!!
HE RETURNS
Donkey Kong 3 is unintentionally one of the funniest games ever
He's BACK!
HE'S BACK HOLY FUCK
New ending music, end of an era T_T
The return
Missed you daddy (no homo)
Wow what a good return-hold up that ain’t Breakout
I enjoy how the Japanese title is basically both of the PAL and North America titles combined: Donkey Kong Barrel Jet Race.
He's back!!!!!!!!!!!!
Holy fuck Scott the Woz.
The Return of the King
Thank you for coming back, we need you
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
I blacked out and woke up to two copies of barrel blast in my bed. Should I be concerned????
RIP Breakout  We all knew you weren't long for this world, but you will be sorely missed
dokey nkong!!!!
Let's fucking goooo!!!!!
Oh my, there's a new ending theme!
10/10 made love to this vid
He's back at it
Mom, look, I made it!
o7 to Breakout
The Wii era sucked.
Somehow, I'm still a virgin after watching this.
You know what else came out in 2007? Super Paper Mario.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Scott came back from the dead to make a video about donkey kong
he is back for the woz
konkg
Is scott in a house now?
YEEEEEESSSSS
Surprised he didn't do a Switch Five Years in Video
The thrilling return!! Happy you took your time Scott, and have been able to avoid neglecting your personal life.
Babe new Scott the woz dropped
Of all the extended sex metaphors I've heard in my day, this is certainly one of them
HOLY SHIT MY BOY IS BACK
LETS GOOOOOOOO
FUCK YEAH HES BACK
Just when I thought he had retired from YouTube...  He returned.
I’m so happy
13:23 Scott has officially killed me
SCOTT!
I loved this game os fucking much. Sorry not sorry
Welcome Back Scott!
HE'S BACK
Holy fuck that shit was awesome, this is how you make a come back after being mia!
The king is back
Starts uploading again on my Birthday, What a fucking gift. Cheers Scott!
Scott is back. And what a way to come back. Scott, keep on doing what you love, because it's pretty darn amazing.
Holy shit its happening
HE'S BAACK
GOD IS GOOD
HEEES BACK
Scott is back!
2 of my favorite people on YouTube, Scott The Woz and Caddicarus, coming back over the course of only a few weeks. We aren’t worthy.
That ending was freaking incredible!
Return of the Scott
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!
HES BACK
I just spunked in my pants
RIP to the old Scott The Woz outro. It truly will be missed.
The king is back
Yooo scoot it’s awesome to see you posting again I’m so sad you didn’t do the switch 5 year vid like all the last years though lol
Mookie: 3:56 i found the cancer, Mr haltmann, now you can give your dislike and we can stop wasting time and go back to work
“Betray the alliance” 🤣  Which also happens to be the same day as this video… Huh, what could this all mean…
He's Baaaaaaaaaaaack
I see you haven't acknowledged your new rival, very well then. Good to have you back. I may be too busy making videos to watch videos these days but I'll make sure to make time for you old friend.
I love you, Scott The Woz.
He’s finally Back
I'm so glad your back Scott
Welcome back, Scotty boy! Hope your break was well earned because we all missed ya!
YOOOO
I guess dad did join the occult
The Return of the King
HOLY CRAP YESSSS
wait i was born in august 2005 how did he know 7:50 the game released dec 2004
Oh god… they changed the outro song… damn you G4!
30:40 did you edit in his mouth in post?
Finally taiko no tatsujin was shown but the ps2 tho, well it's better then nothing
THE RETURN OF THE KING
16:36 - The closest Scott's been to spider-man
Missed you man.  That was amazing.
He back
That ending was more epic than it had any right to be.  And I love it.
I genuinely hate Nintendo
Omfg Scott. Thank you so much. Not the point of the video, but there is a game that I’ve been looking for for YEARS but have had no luck bc I could only vaguely remember elements of it and not the name. But it was in one of the transition slides you used and I recognized it immediately!! Jet Force Gemini! I don’t even remember if it’s good, but it left an impact on me and I was mad I couldn’t find it.   So thanks 😅
I always wanted to play this game when I was a kid
His first upload of 2022 is for DONKEY KONG BARREL BLAST
HOLY SHIT HE’S BACK!!! I MISSED YOU SO MUCH SCOTT!!!
Maybe do an episode on earthbound?
Nintendo letting Rare get bought by microsoft was definitely one of the biggest mistakes they made at the time. They were like, the top 3rd party game developer for the N64 imo.
The new ending theme!! Sounds like a gba game!
Rex has a FACE!?!??!?!?!
I'm glad you're back, Tom Holland with glasses.
4:05 also love your new place, v nice
i can’t believe i just experienced this historical event in front of my own eyes
How long has it been
Hey Scott, all here.
THE OUTRO CHANGED NOOOOOOO
these breaks are getting longer and longer
The man is back
He's back!
I gasped when I saw the notification omg
He's alive!
Glad to see you're back Scott. Thanks for defeating sex for us.
Finally the boy returns
HES BACK!!!
Scotts house is so unhinged 😂 so much chaos in the background.. I like to think he's like 40% settled into his house and concurrently working on 9 videos at once
He’s back with Barrel Blast action! Will he be able to keep his virginity from the likes of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast?! Find out now on the latest episode of Scott the Woz. All jokes aside, this was a pretty good video. I really just think Scott needed a break and he deserves one after all of the stuff he made last December. But this is a good video to mark his return. As for my thought on the video, I love how all of the jokes about being a virgin finally led to something substantial. And Rex was a really cool addition, we never got to see him so weak and vulnerable before. The video ends on a weirdly serious note (before the montage of course) while Scott has gotten serious in the past, I didn’t expect he would actually talk about [sex] in such a serious manner, even if it was for only a couple minutes. That montage at the end was super cool tho, I really wanna know who animated those sections.
I have never clicked on a video so fast. So glad your back!
Good to see you again, Scott!!! Our favorite Virgin.
So... people were so busy playing Barrel Blast that they forgot to not have sex? That's my kind of multitasking
Return of the king
The legend has awaken!!!!!
Jungle beats is the best donkey conga. Ask AB from the H3 podcast, he's got plenty of good stories to share about it
I like the outro song but I hope is doesn't over take the classic scott outro
“Donkey Kong Junior… He *F_cked* ?” I Missed Scott so much.  Also I’m starting to think Scott got evicted because he played The DK Bongos too hard.
Hey Scott finally got to mixing his sound for skits! Good on ya Scott.
I waited so long for Scott I got a job so I can't watch the video rn :(
Woah, it didn't with a game on PS3
Return of the king. Now all we need is Nintendo switch 5 years in
He's the leader of this site, you know him well He's finally back so click that bell 🔔  SCOTTY  SCOTT THE WOZ
We missed you
Scotty Woz!!! So happy you’re back!
Breakout is gone, we truly lost
Yes! Yes! YESSSSSSS!!!!!!!
Hey scott! all here! hows it going!
FIRST DK VIDEO
Local man goes missing for 6 months, returns with copy of Barrel Blast, more at 11.
He is back!
Let's go
I knew I was missing something this year, and I didn't realize what it was until now
Dude, it's almost june.
Ayy, he’s back
Shout out Scott, been watching you since my freshman year, and I just graduated. Cheers scott, from one Arizonan to another!
I feel blessed
THANK GOD HES BACK
I had my doubts about Sott being such a sex magnet that he finds it hard to retain his virginity after playing DK Barrel Blast. But as soon as he held up that copy of "Mr. Bean's Holiday", it all made sense to me. Few who have seen that movie remain virgins for long.
MOMM MOM IT HAPPENED
No funny jokes just glad you're back
37:52 I genuinely want a full version of this music it’s SO GOOD
LETS GO! When the world needed him the most...he came back... (edit)     16:37 He made the Spiderman reference finally
That joke on Diddy Kong racing really hitted me on the fling smash, but at least we can all agree that Mickey speedway is the definitive racing game.
Scott Should be Aro-Ace. lol. Virgin till the end. Or until he gets laid.
This new Scott the Woz video is very entertaining.
He’s finally returned!
If Scott needs his breaks to make great Scott content or even just feel good not creating for a bit that's great good for Scott these videos are worth any waiting period
HE’S BACK!
He lives
He is back!!!
YOOOOOOOOOO
This ..... this isn't about DK Barrel Blast is it???
He is back!!
I litterally just finished the Christmas episode and thought "Man. I wonder when he's gonna post this" LES GOOO
What happens when Scott gets a girlfriend?
Genuinely based video dude so happy to have you back
Dam dude that video was awesome it was worth the wait I loved the stop motion at the end!
Nice
Scott: "So why does no one talk about this game?" Ehhh, I dunno. Look up fan art of Kalypso. 👀
His magnum opus
Can't wait for the pac pix episode
Welcome back Scott. We’ve missed you
The most I ever knew about this game were the trophies in Brawl. Guess I dodged a bullet.
Worth the wait. And I’m only a minute into the video.
He has returned
I fucking love jungle beat
He's such a virgin 🥲
Scott would make for an amazing sex ed teacher.
Rejoice, he has returned.
Scott is back and he's still a virgin
Welcome back!
Not your best tbh the live skits aren't great usually and this one was particularly bad
So when will you finish the Minish Cap?
holy moly im so exited
There's Scott!
good to have you back!!
Donkey Kong Racing would of been sweet
yooooo hes back? wow. Any updates how youve been? Youre an oddball but a cool dude, we wondered about you man. Post an update man, no need to explain but i mean let us know youre ok or something. Free revenue and easy video for ya
I'm so glad to see Scott. I thought may have quit.
HE’S BACK! LETS GO
I don’t care what anyone says, the song that plays on Mt Dynamite SLAPS.
HERE COMES THE BOOOOOOOOOOOOY
He's back!
Im Coming for that mug after i beat samba de amigo
How the hell did he make a good review of barrel blast and an amazing commentary on how sex is perceived by society AT THE SAME TIME
Somebody go and give this man the Crown the King is back We missed you Scott!!
The man we all love is back
Scott, my man, please please please don't fall for the trap every other "up and coming" youtuber does and try to up the production value on every video. Theres a reason why we're all here, you don't need to change.
Thank god he's back, the war in ukraine can end now.
15:29 Jokes aside, I have that exact dvd and it’s my childhood. I love that Mr. Bean movie 😂
He did it
NEW SCOTT EPISODE??? NEW ACTION SCENE AT THE END??? NEW ENDING MUSIC???? OH MY GOD I MISSED SCOTT THE WOZ
The episode was amazing until Scott decided to bring in his friends...as always.
donkey k9ong
So the theme from the TV versions is now the full time theme? Neat.
He's back!!!
ah, new outro based on the theme of the g4 show? guess this is the cutoff date for a New Era of scott
I missed your videos and it was so worth the wait
The return of the king
RIP Breakout outro :(
SCOTT’S BACK!!!!!!
Great to have you back
He needed 7 months to use all those cans of foam
YES, NO LONGER DO I GIVE VIRGIN VIBES
Finally, Scott make a video about Donkey Kong -Barrel Blast-  made sure to censor it for the Europeans out there
So we can all assume that Scott’s hiatus was just him being trapped in a cave for a few months?
Hearing "Hey all Scott here" made my night
Oh, I thought the intro was just a bunch of poop until Scott showed up with a headlamp
This guy took 3-4 months just to make a video about Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast.  Respect.
He's back!!! 💓
Yess great to see you back😎😎
Where the hell is the Scott the Woz theme
oh
Donkey kong
Love is in the air? Wrong! Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!
Just wanted to say that I really really like that editing during that segment starting at 15:20, just one example of tons of great edits in this vid This an awesome episode, keep up the good work : )
Glad your back, Scott...
GOD HAS BLESSED US HES BACK!
Pls someone make a RETURN OF THE KING meme pls
"Everyone was too busy ****ing their wife."  I imagine many a woman who played this game came out as a Lesbian in 2007.
The King has returned 👑
He’s back…WITH A VENGENCE!
He is risen indeed.
Return of the king
Where TF have you been?!
I was just having a conversation with my girlfriend about you not having a new video in a few months, and now, here you are. Welcome back, good sir.
He embraced his virginity, let's hope we can do the same
That was definitely an interesting ending.
Good to have you back
HES BACK!!!!!!!!
The legend returns. Amazing work as always, this feels like a perfected version of your “classic” style of videos
He's back!!!!! welcome back to youtube my favorite youtuber <3
This video is just Straight people vs. Aeroace people
Just when I was beginning to wonder when he would come back, there he was.
*LETS GOOOO HES BACK BABY*
HE HAS RETURNED!!!!!
Seeing you upload a new video feels like a light at the end of the tunnel thank you so much I'm glad you're back
Scott! You know RGT85 has been trolling you for months right? Glad you’re back.
HES BAAAAAACCCKKKKK
30:03 lmao he sounded like dunkey
I dunno if we can trust this scott guy now that he's definitely fu**ed
how did scott make dirty white carpet iconic to his brand
we missed you Scott. Great to have you back!
This was so good. I missed you
THE KING IS BACK
Welcome back Scott! We missed you
All hail the second coming of Scott.
Very interesting, Scott.   Barrel Blast has been my favorite Donkey Kong game since 2010. I didn't understand every reference in your skits, but it's clear you put your all into this video. Much respect.
What are you doing step-barrel?
He's back?!!
guys i think scot is a virgin
The return of the king
He’s back !!!!!!!
Top 10 Greatest Returns of all Time
He live
WAKE UP BABE NEW SCOTT VID
Scott the Woz using the barrel blast episode as an allegory for Asexual representation kinda goes hard tbh?  Thank you Scott <3  (Love the new ending song btw!)
What happened to the theme song?
*Reggie has left the chat*
Changed the outro this is a new era
Funny, I remember it having been compatible with the bongos. Maybe that's why I never got laid
Babe wake up, new Scott The Woz just dropped
Anyone else notice the layered mouth at 30:41?
I don't think sex is what Scott thinks it is
Finally
today marks the end of the old outro but don't let this be a sad occasion rejoice in knowing one day soon you shall watch those old videos and you will remember that song fondly.
Is this a simulation?
my boyfriend is baaack 😮‍💨😭
i clicked on this SO FAST!!! THE LEGEND IS BACK!!! and honestly i hope he works at a pace that doesnt hurt his mental. do what u want to at a healthy pace and thats how u make the best content. <3 <3 <3
I will be the one comment that does not mention your absence
FINALLY SCOTT THE WOZ IS BACK
35:43 to 35:47 love the Spongebob music
oh how I missed that clean shaven & spectacled mug of his
AND ON THE THIRD DAY...
I-I thought you would never come back.
The Return of the KING!!!!!!!!!
New outro theme and everything! Good work, man!
YOOOOO
Five months in and finally a new Scott The Woz video. I have been waiting for so long. I almost had sex! SAVE ME SCOTT!
God I missed this man so much !
The amount of work you put into each episode is amazing. Thanks for all the amazing content. You are definitely my favorite youtuber ever.
I cant believe it took a whole college semester and for my summer to start before Scott uploaded again. Happy to have you back man missed you bro!
Let's go boys
last time Scott uploaded a nickel was worth a dollar
Press F to pay respects to Breakout from 3D Dot Game Heroes being gone.
10 years after Donkey Kong 3 we got DKC? Wow, then 10 years later we got Donkey Konga, 10 more years we got Tropical Freeze! Can't wait for next year's big hit: DK Cooking Bananza!
I just learned about Barrel Blast from the DF/MLiG pickup video, never heard of it before somehow!
Scott's back !
However, I think I'll miss the old outro.
HE'S BACK AND I DIDNT GET A NOTIFICATION WTF
HE'S RETURNED, HE'S RETURNED!
HES BACK
Oh no, he’s gonna get too laid!
Just earlier today i was checking if you uploaded a new video, thank you Scott for coming back!
Candy Kong's melons. Tiny Kong is pretty yummy too. And dat afro gator.
VIRGINS UNITE LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
"Society may have lost its virginity, but I'm here to find it." That is a _raw_ line
THE RETURN
Hearing “hey y’all, scott here” after a few months without really was awsome
If this game is sex, then I'm not buying. It's all talk, but then under performs.
16:10 day 22  What's the alliance, Scott. we need answers.
eyy very cool having you incorporate your tv series theme for the ending! ill miss the old theme but its nice to have something original for your own identity. ive always wondered about an original theme concept since you made one for the madden 08 christmas special
“He is risen”
Ayooo overpopulation is a myth.
Scott the Woz? I haven’t heard that name in years.
*Return Of The King*
He's back!!!!!
Hes BAAAAAACK
For someone not into anime, Scott made yet another great anime. Dr. Ana May would be proud. And that ending song was awesome!
The Chosen one has returned
THE KING HAS RETURNED
It may just because I was 7 when Barrel Blast first released, but I never really got that far into the game before I stopped playing the game… To my recollection, I don't think I even unlocked a single thing in that game, and to date is the only credible game I played in which I didn't unlock anything in. (Credible in this context, I'm presuming to mean games like Barrel Blast, in the case that they have extra features and the like that, through being good at the game, can be unlocked. Games from around that time like Mario Super Sluggers, WarioWare: Smooth Moves, Super Smash Bros. Brawl, etc.)
HI SCOTT WELCOME BACK :D👋
Ah yes. Return of the King.
THE LEGEND RETURNS
Damn, starting off season 6 with a story episode!           Also, I can’t believe the G4 theme was incorporated considering we haven’t gotten a new episode of that in like 3 months
SCOTT IS BACKKKKK!!
The world is finally in order
Just one thing: thank you.
I saw and was instantly happy
Return of the Woz
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED
Scott has gone insane.
Return of the king
We did it boys. The wait is over.
I love the Scott the Wozz style of comedy where everything is A.I. generated and everyone feels like they're having their own internal conversation despite yelling at each other.
30:55 This makes me wonder how many times I might have missed Scott doing that with other people's mouths.
we did it. we made it to heaven
Amazing description. Very accurate
Rip breakout ending
SCOOOOOTTT
i missed you, man
Scott the Woz is crazy good this week!
Wtf he’s back
holy shit
I must say that the new end-of-video music does not feel the same. It’s not bad music, but Scott is so heavily associated with Breakout that anything else seems…off.
Wait, it was released on my birthday? Is it a good thing or a bad thing no one got it for me?
Barrell Blast looks neautiful though.
OH ME MEOW! THE WOZ IS BACK!
He's Back!!
The moment I started uploading again, here you are to steal the spotlight again... Hell yeah, Scott's back.
_Hey all Scott here!_  That's a catchphrase I've not heard in a long time.
Ayee yessir
The king is back
When he said hey y’all again, I came.
Hunny wake up Scott just uploaded
Candy Kong? So THAT'S how monkey AIDS spread around in 2022.
this is great, glad to see you back!
I think I found a lot more senior quotes in this, so thanks Scott!
HES BACK
YAY! Scott's back!!
the return of the king
YOOOO HES BACKKK
HE HAS RETURNED  wait where is the breakout 3d music oh no
37:10   is that an aftermarket Wii remote strap or is it just so dark because it's wet from sweat?  answer the question Scott, answer the question.
Return of the king
Dude welcome back! It's been too long, like 84 year long!
My uncle just gave me this game a week ago 😐
How did you do that camera shot from 15:21-15:28? That is honestly impressive.
Scott coming back is a big moment for the earth
The message here... Damn
This isn’t a drill everybody stay calm this isn’t a drill
HE'S BACKKKKKK EVERYONE!!!
HE IS BACK
Scott where were you during tax season? The IRS got me Scott! I tried evading them but I couldn’t without you Scott. When we needed you most you vanished!
Bro at 16:10 look at day 22
It sad to see Breakout go but the new outro is awesome too!
HE IS BACKKKK!
Glad to see you back Scott.
I clicked this thinking it was an old video and was confused when I didn't recognize the rocks in the beginning
we in the 16 bit outro era now cool
Oh god I missed that intro so much. Hey all scott here 😭😭😭😭
If the RPG episode was the "Scott the Woz Accidental Coming Out Special," does that make this the "Scott the Woz Accidental Ace Validation Special" or the "Scott the Woz 'Not Getting Any and Proud' Special"?
He is back from they Heavens.
BLESSED BE TO THE LORD OUR GOD BOYS, SCOTT IS BACK
What a legendary damn episode. A truly great return with Virginity
What's with the new end theme?
The game with the dark souls controller!
The king has returned.
Return of the King
When the world needed him the most.  He came back.
Hell yeah! He's back! 💪🏽
Thank you for all the laughs you’ve given us Scott, and thank you for coming back to give us more!
Alternative title: *Scott learns to use his Konkey Dong with Donkey Kong*
Wake up babe, new Scott the Woz video dropped
HOLY SHIT SCOTT THE WOZ
I know a million people will compliment how far your editing has gone but good god I will praise your new camera work. It's gone so far, it looks so clean and smooth, I'm going to be surprised if you haven't hired anyone for cameras at all.
It’s always good to see Scott uploading again!
*THE RETURN OF THE KING*
im glad
Welcome back Scott
Woo-hoo Scatt's back!
I actually googled if you were dead earlier today lmao
The Pause That Frame Times is leading the way in journalism; frame by frame.
Donkey Kong barrel blast: 🍆🔺
The return of the king, u seriously did a double take when I saw this video in my notifications.
RIP Breakout, you will be missed
the japanese name is also Donkey Kong: jet race 17:54
RETURN OF THE KING
The chosen one has returned
We shall miss the Breakout outro
Not hearing the Breakout theme from 3D dot game heros at the end will make me try getting into antidepressants
NEW OUTRO MUSIC?!?!
Guess who’s back!
Well I have no clue if he was actually pantsless and that will bug me till the end
6:14 oh shit what a dig
HES BACK
“You can also brush your teeth with mice”!!! Scott I missed you so much!!!!!!!
I kid you not, I just had the thought to check out if Scott uploaded today. I checked and there was No new upload so took it that he was still on his break. Next got the alert that he uploaded 20mins after and my heart soar with joy. Glad to have you back buddy.
The ending song changed and I’m gonna vomit
I think he doesn’t like donkey Kong barrel blast
Great video! Love how ur using the new theme from the show for the outro
I think I have Scott the woz withdrawal symptoms
Return of the King
He's  back thank gex :)
Return Of The King
Wait... has Scott actually retired the Breakout ending? the ending of this video is a version of the tv intro...
He’s back
absolutely great video. also love that you started using the music from the G4TV version of the show.
HES BACK!!!!
Oh, there he is
RIP the old outro music                     Great video though and I'm glad he's back!
It's almost as if they heard the "banging on the bottles like a chimpanzee" line from "Money for Nothing" and decided to make it into an entire racing game.
Welcome back Scott, hope all is well
HEEE'SS BAAACCCKKK!!!!
Made my year
The return of the king
was that a 40 minute asexual coming out or
this is the bible for my religion
He’s back , he’s back!!!!!!!!
AVGN used a lot of poop jokes. I’m glad that with the next generation of nerds talking about video games we’ve moved on to Sex.
He’s BBAAAAACCCKKKKKK!!!!
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!!!
This video is really good
So is everyone here still a virgin
Proud virgin here
He is back!
He's alive!
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Holy a new outro theme
Spider-Man: Finally Back At Home
Scott's dad is the most underrated charachter bro
I’m going to miss his old theme and the remixes that come with it but hey love the new one used for the tv show, can’t wait to hear a epic version of it
I figured this would be Scotts version of the last episode he would ever do, like The Completionist is with DKC2
The Return of the King
The king has returned!
This video implies Scott is omnisexual
The message at the end, for whatever reason, really needs to be taught more. How many times have you seen people get extremely heated over someone else enjoying Fortnite, or just liking literally *any* game that's disliked by most people? As for myself, I've seen it far too often.
I just looked to see if you posted a new video about an hour ago.  Luck of lucks.
why is the outro different? Also great video its like he never left
It was just last night wondering what happened to Scott the Woz, and 24 hours later I got an answer lol. Also you forgot Donkey Kong on Gameboy, which the old concept of Donkey Kong and made it better.
Scott has officially finished transitioning to his HD remake.
HES BACK YOOO
Welcome back king!
"With great power comes great virginity" ~Scott the Woz, 2022
And when the world need him most, he returned.
donkeY konG
This is more of an event than Clone Wars Season Seven
barrel blast would’ve done better on the gamecube no doubt
Finally he’s back
He’s back!!!!!
THE KING IS BACK!!
THE RETURN OF THE KING
HE’S BACK BOYS
Sheesh new outro
HEY YALL SCOTT HERE!!!! LETS GOOO HES BACK🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥😮‍💨😮‍💨😮‍💨
He’s back!!!!
I love how Jeb and Rex have basically become Scott's two go-to partners in crime.
The king has returned
It’s felt so long since a Scott the whozz video I missed these
HESSSS BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
hey yall! Hes back!!!
He Did It!
Ok good, 2022 can start now.
Welcome back Scott ❤️
Jeb getting the scarlet letter got me
Glad you’re back!
Jesus he sounded angrier in this than in Chibi Robo Zip Lash
welcome FUCKING back Scott 🙏
The legend is back 😩🙏
IT'S BACK BABYYYYY
Ooo way to deliver. Worth the wait
THE KING HAS FINALLY RETURNED
HE'S BACK
after 5 years he finally changed the end song, an I'll always prefer the original break out to this new break in, but it's nice to have a change I guess.
Huff...Huff... Sorry I'm late. I was busy trying to not have sex.
Finally!!!
Yes a new video
Barrel Blast should have been released on the GameCube.
THE KING IS BACK AT IT AGAIN
30:40 extremely unsettling effects.
I hope I don’t get second hand Barrel Blast while watching this
Who knew I lost my virginity after owning a copy of Barrel blast.
The REAL return of the king
This is the kind of ace rep that we need in 2022.
Okay worth the wait! And now we know the story behind barrel blast 😊 I mean it isn’t my thing but you do you
Wait, what about 5 years into the Switch's lifespan?!?! I HAS TO SEE THAT LOOK BACK ON THE 5TH YEAR!!!!
Holy fuck Scott the Woz
Welcome back, Woz.
Guess whose back, back again. Woz is back, tell a friend
Welcome back Scatt
Return of The King
Well, this is quite the video to return with.
AHHHHHHHH He's back.
HE'S BACK HE'S FUCKING BACK AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
He's alive
Our one and only beloved Scott is back and reviewing the most foreshadowed game on the channel
Can you please do the 5 years of the Nintendo switch video. Can't do the first four years and miss The 5-year anniversary!
19:36 not going to lie, I lost it when I saw that pictire of kluba. I was laughing for like 3 minutese and I dont know why
Thank you.
ive been binging your backlog for the last few weeks, so it was a pleasant surprise to see a new vid!! happy to have ya back :)
BROOO FINALLY!!!  Comment to show how we missed Scotty❤️
The King Has Retured!!! Welcome back Scott, we missed you.
Holy shit it's scott the woz
He did it
So according to scott, I was born because my parents played Donkey Kong Barrel Blast. that's pretty neat actually.  P.S: I actually asked my parents if I was born because of Donkey Kong Barrel Blast and they both gave me the biggest stare of disappointment
Where breakout?!
Thanks Scott. Have a nice day.
6:08 You monster! The power is still on.
dig the new outro, sure makes those g4 airings a lot more legal-friendly
it was worth the wait
scott is too worried about everyone having sex but forgets that sex is just corporate propaganda to sell
agent stone meme         That's it.
Sunday's content back in action. What a time to be alive.
I missed this Scottish Wozzington so mucho! 🙏👀✌️
3:37 I would've been surprised if he didn't.
As Agent Stone has said: HE'S BAAAAACK!
Where do I get that mug? I need it
15:33 how funny I just watched Mr. Beans holiday a couple days ago
Is the Breakout theme gone for good as the outro now? :(
Top 10 greatest returns of all time
YES!!!!!!!!!
Always nice to see Scott make top tier content. He’s like the vsauce of gaming imo
been a while scott... thank you for making this!
Hey y'all, it's Scott
Ok, did you pull that diddy Kong racing out with the console turned on just to mess with us? HOW COULD YOU!?
Scott’s returned from the dead.
It took 4 months and playing a shitty Nintendo game just so Scott could announce that he lost his virginity.
I creamed when I saw this
Yaaaaassssssssss he's back y'all!
LET'S GOOOOOO
"I've only played this game for a bit, and that's basically just grazing a crotch."  Scott is a loose cannon, and we love it.
Return of the King
welcome back:)
Worth the wait
is that a new outro i spy?
Hes back
Holy sh*t
Scott and Rex Mohs actually had sex for a 2 second gag. That's commitment right there.
Thank god this dude is back.
I MISSED YOU PAPI
Scott, where have you been?? Your mother and I have been worried sick!!
Return of the King
HE LIVES
We only had to wait 2022 years to hear about a virgin's opinion of sex.
yes
This one ought to be a blast...
HES RETURNED
It's been awhile hasn't
he has returned
THE LEGEND RETURNS
Holy shit scotts not dead
The return of the king
He is back
I was just thinking scott had gone missing.
Was literally just thinking tonight: when’s Scott gonna upload again? Let’s GOOOOO
Welcome back my love
When the world needed him most, he returned.
16:35 SCOTT THE WOZ IS SPIDER-MAN CONFIRMED
35:11 Scott let an uncensored F bomb slip
Glad to see the blue boarder is still fucking up his vision. XD
Woo great to have you back! And with DK: Barrel Blast of all things!
The king has returned.
OH SHIIITTT SCOTT VIDEOOO
37:36 - 38:15 The real reason Scott took an extended break before uploading this video is because all of these insane events happened in real life; it's honestly really sick that Scott ended the real life Barrel Blast curse just for our entertainment  Nah, but really, loved how over-the-top and ridiculous this video's premise was, and I was thoroughly entertained by the actual review itself, wonderful return from your break!
14:08 wow, memory unlocked. that was my first Nintendo power magazine after subscribing. It came with a wiimote keychain.
Finally! You’re back!
HE LIVES
Yo 7:06 What a valuable acquistion! Mario Party 9, 10, Island Tour, Star Rush, Top 100, and even Super Mario Party! Definitely people's favorites of the series and not the dark ages of Mario Party. Oh and Animal Crossing Amiibo Festival, Scott's favorite game! Wow what a lineup.
HES BACK
When you last uploaded, I was 2. When you next uploaded, I am 58. Thank you Scotch the Wiz for finally uploading.  Edit: oh shoot the IRS is chasing me gotta run see ya
This is by far the best Sex ed video I've seen. It taught me more about the birds and the bees better than any human can.
im so happy scott is back but i hope thats not the new outro music, ill miss breakout
Oh yeah  he's back
R.I.P Breakout from 3D Dot game Heroes in the as the Outro music
this guy fell off
You finally arrived from the dead!
16:45 I love the joke how he breaks the door and the next scene you see it’s fine
holy shit scott the woz
HE IS ALIVE
trigger warning? if u know what I mean u know what I mean               my (donkey)kong expanded at 34:54  I thought I could withstand the Barrells blasting
I am so glad to see you back, Scott. Yet another fantastic video. Looking forward to seeing your next video.
my favorite virgin
My god. He came back with sex
i love you
YOOOOOOOOOO YESSS THE KING HAS RETURNED
Oh the credits aren’t…oh
I’m surprised he only said candy was the sex appeal and not the older looking Tiny kong and Klaypso krimmling
Glad to have you back Scott.
Welcome back Scott!
Hey scott its all here
Þleşśed þe the WøŽ.  🌙 🌉 🕊 🕊 🕊 🕊 🕊
the king's back
Charge your gameboy sp.
Scott! Your alive! Thank GOD! 🤧✨
Finally, He's Back after almost 5 months
The wait was worth it
i honestly think this video has a good moral. i know it’s all in good fun, but the “not forcing others to live the way you do as long as they’re not hurting anyone” is a good life lesson. great job scott, welcome back >:D
SCOTT!!!
Thank god u back
ohio finally has something good again
"With great power comes great virginity, I will restore chastity to this world, I will beat Barrel Blast without having sex"
The only possible way for Scott to return was with a Garrett Williamson song. It’s so perfect
Missed you the woz
NANI
New end card music?!!?!?!!
Bup
He returns
I'VE BEEN WAITING FOR YOU SINCE FOREVER WELCOME BACKMKKM
NO WAY! SCOTT MY MAN IS BACK!!!
May us all pay respects for the loss of Breakout-3D Dot Game Heroes in the end credits....  Was not expecting this many replies.
new outro music???
Waha
MY VIRGINITY IS SAVED! I gotta go buy some Not Viagra right now!
Holy shit Scott the woz
So happy to see you back man! Definitely worth the wait! One of my favorite creators of all time!
I skipped my uncles funeral for this
It's been a while. We've missed you
THE KING AS RETURNED
that ending was incredible and I do not know why
I LOVE YOU SCOTT
“babe, wake up, a new Scott the Woz video just dropped”
This was such a great video, glad you're back!
The return of the king. Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast.
30:40 looks like the guy's mouth has been replaced by the same mouth to match dialog lol
Bullshit scott is a virgin
Why did you do this anyway? Donkey Kong Barrel Blast isn't a terrible game, and it had nothing to do with the thing you kept mentioning, I loved this game when I used to have it, but why do you have to bash on it through out the entire video? Give it a break will you?
20:13 and 20:46 made me bust out laughing
this really blasted my barrels
HE LIVES!!!
So glad scotty boy is back
Let's gooo!! The gang's all here too!
HE'S BAAAAAAAACCCCCKKKK!!!!!!
Finally he has covered barrel blast! Man what a way to come back welcome back Scott!
HES BACCC
8:47 The 2020s are shaping up to be another bad era for Donkey Kong + economic recession combo pack
HE LIVES!!
Finally, Scott can get laid!
I scream you scream we all scream for a new Scott The Woz upload.
Radical scarlet A reference.
Yeah but where’s Switch 5 Years In?   (Time to start commenting every day again lmao)
I'm sorry but I cannot believe that Scott the Woz has never fucked this man just radiates sexual energy
Omg I love this!! I really miss scott videos!
Do my eyes deceive me? Could it really be so? The man, the guy who owns Sonic Jam...he's back!
I was having a bad day, but now I am very happy because of this.
0:20 YEEEEAAAAAAAHHHHHH
HE'S BACK BABY
I really like the little things about this new video. The editing is better, more special effects, original music, it shows a lot of promise for this season! Though I am sad to see Breakout go, I think it's for the better.
Other than being the virginity killer, what is the main selling point of this game? *Kludge*
Worth it
yeah that's scott
...and just when the world needed him most.  *HE RETURNED.*
Scott the Woz is back!!
aren't you supposed to be dead or something
You’re back!
I got a little startled when I heard the new outro
Omg your back
I’ve waited years for this moment, we will finally find out why this game repels virginity…
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!!!
Love the haircut!
I am so happy to see another video from you! Your videos are some of the best video game content on youtube!
HOLY SHIT IT'S SCOTT THE WOZ
His first video in months and decides to talk about Donkey Country....this is great!!!   Welcome back Scott!
the king has returned
HES BACK WOZ THE SCOTT IS BACK
18:33 the quiver and fear in that cursor says SO much
I'm liking the new theme song.
I like the new outro tbh
SCOTT’S BACK!!!! I MISSED YOU SO MUCH!! Also, it’s borderline forever’s 1 year anniversary :D
I cant beileve it, hes finally going to tell us about donkey kong barrel blast
Sorry babe sex and your emotional needs can wait, Scott the Woz just dropped a new vid
Scott the Woz: The Next Generation
I was just thinking that it had been a while since a new Scott the Woz video yesterday
am I overthinking this or did Scott use Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast as an allegory to talk about asexuality.
10/10
20:10 to 20:14 got me hard so hard that I died very funny
So glad Scott’s back but why did he have to say “Donkey Kong-ass donkey kong’s donkey kong-ass donkey Kong ass” and is, in a stupid way, grammatically correct? Scott’s way with English is infuriatingly comprehensive.
GOD DAMN THIS VID WAS EPIC. Definitely worth the wait, Mr. Wozniak. Shame the outro music has changed but I’ll learn to live with it
holy shit new scott the woz
nooooo he changed his outro
Worth every minute of waiting.
I gotta be honest, I kinda love this game. Yeah it has mediocre content, it's an absolute pain in the ass to play, but with the amount of joy it gave me during childhood, I genuinely can't hate it!  Also fun fact: I held the world record time for this game for a bit, feeling very inspired by Scott, I think I might go for it again.
Damn, I wish I had some Lemmy exclusive tires
Greatest Scott The Woz video of all time
The return of the king
Guess who's back... Back again... Scott is back...  Tell your friends
i have now watched this video
Shit I should be studying for my finals instead I'm watching Scott the woz
If Scott fucks I'm unsubscribing
12:31 Jimmy Neutron should've stuck to brain blasts
I'm so glad you're back
HE'S BACK
Hmm I wonder what happened to the outro?
Welcome back Scott.
Holy shit what a way to make an entrance
Oh thank god I was worried at the end he was going to have SEX...  If he did that, how would I relate to him?!?
HE IS BACK!!!
i decided to watch a linustechtips video instead of this first.
Missed ya.
Holy shit, another Scott The Woz upload. I thought I'd never see the day...
Wasn't expecting Scott to get so based at the end
SCOTT! love your vids
I just finished the video and I love the fact Scott called his new outro music break in! what an amazing video Scott the woz!
you can also brush your teeth with mice
This is the Mr. Morale and the Big Steppers of Nintendo YouTube videos
Thank god he uploaded, I was already thinkign of getting a girlfriend
The thrilling conclusion to why the f*** scott has 48 copies of donkey kong barrel blast amazing
Does anyone know where the theme in the outro is from?
*gasp* The prophecy!!
Someone get Dashie
very nice :D
Return of the king
YAY NEW VIDEO! I can't believe it's already been 3 months since the last one
YES MY BOI IS ALIVE AND WELL THANK YOU GOD
Yoooo! Glad to see you back! Can’t wait for more videos!
"I hate sex, and I love gex" -Scott's friend whatshisnameitsnotRex
OK, the ending montage where it goes from Breakout to the new theme..... Arrrrgggghhhh... That is awesome! And the new theme being the theme for the show on G4, remixed..... Damn, that is awesome!
When the world needed him most, he returned.
cant wait till someone makes "scott the woz but its only him saying donkey kong"
HES ALIVE!!!
HE'S BACK
The forgotten Donkey Kong racing game that was only made because Donkey Kong Racing for the GameCube got cancelled
Found this at a thrift store a few years back, my god it blows so much ass. I've watched a lot of YouTube over the years, but I don't think I've seen anyone talk about it extensively before so my friend and I kinda got to experience it unspoiled. Damn it sucks so much.
Our favorite virgin boy is back!
Love the production value, great stuff as always
I can’t tell if this is a special or not
He did it boys
So happy that you’re back!!
And it was well worth the wait
What a time to release a video about monkeys and sexually transmitted diseases... 👀
HE'S BACK
The world is healing. Welcome back Scott!
Stereotypical Asexual Confusion: The Video
When the world needed him most, he returned!
Finally scat thy waz
Please don’t tell me that this is the new intro
22:45 - 22:51  Samba de Amigo?
He's Back.... And with a new theme for the outro
Glad to finally see you back, Scott! Also that new outro gave me whiplash like holy its good
Woah the outro song threw me off
He’s baaaaaaaaack
3D Dot Game Heroes era ended
I missed you
Ooohhh oxymorons
What a triumphant return this was, it makes sense why he was gone for so long, Barrel Blast really takes it out of you, but in the end he prevailed, Godspeed Scott.
I swear I want Diddy Kong racing to come back. It was such a good kart racer. And definitely better then Mario kart 64.
YEAHHHHHHHH HELL YEAHHHH
My sundays have meaning now!
H e ' s b a c k
Amazing
WITH GREAT POWER COMES GREAT VIRGINITY
outro diff?
Ah so that’s where Scott’s been, playing barrel blast since February!
HES BACK BOYS, WE DID IT!
Welcome back old friend
you can tell that Scott hates this game if he's swearing a lot
ayyyy scotts back :D
it feels like it's been years. I hosted a funeral for him
I am beyond happy to see you're back and uploaded! Damn near cried with happiness.
Hear me out, if Cranky Kong rival is King K. Rool and Wrinky Kong rival is Klump. It is mean King K. Rool married with Klump?
I never thought I’d watch a video on donkey Kong barrel blast as an analogy for the culture around sex and abstinence
Holy shit, Scott the Woz
Return of the King  DK Donky Kong
Why is the A button opaque?
“With great power comes great virginity”  Absolute gold. Welcome back Scott
the audio quality and direction has improved so much. love your content scott
Babe wake up its *SCOTT SUNDAY*
im starting to think barrel blast is a metaphor for something....
why did i miss you so badly holy shit
7:28 That sounds like a great series. I heard it has half an episode.
A new outro song? Unexpected but I welcome it!
That last scene was the most anime thing that Scott has done outside of his anime video
Wait… so all you have to do to lose your virginity is to play terrible games? “Honey, turn on the Phillips CDi!!!”
THE DAY HAS COME. HE HAS RETURNED.
Scott has finally returned
Omg it's happening stay calm STAY CALM
SEASON 6 HAS STARTED
Welp, this is one way to make a re-entrance. One hell of a way at that.
He’s done it, beat sex.
i think i morbed a little when i heared "Hey all, Scott here."
Goodbye Break Out, you’ve been a good outro song
HOLY SHIT I DIDN'T EVEN THINK THIS WAS A NEW VIDEO HOLY SHIT SCOTSS BACK EVERYBODY REJOICE
We have been blessed with content 🙌
I love the new outro music
Literally saw a random comment on fb today about Scott not having been on YouTube. Checked it a couple hours ago out of curiosity to see no posts for three months, and then this pops up in my feed randomly when it's only 37 minutes old. Weird world.
God I need to see the bloopers for this video
I love to blast barrels
The end music threw me off
He's Back!
this Banana BERRY cool ;) BUT Switch 5 years in pwease 🥺 edit: you lived up to my initial flavor projection and then some, I remember this ridiculousness now with this game getting debongo'd. big virgin props to you for getting through this oddjob, AND without fucking, shit, hats off 🤣👏👏👏
SCOTT LIVES!!!!!!!
30:41 If you look closely, you can tell Rex's mouth has been masked to have another mouth put on for this section and I just have to know why lol
Hey Scott, all here!
34:18 *laughs in M&M Kart Racing*  34:56 *CRACKS TF UP IN M&M KART RACING*
Babe wake up, scott is back
Wake up babe, new scott video just dropped
there he is
So THIS is what he was cooking
The Return of the King
I just dropped my phone, I check your account every so often never expecting a new video but it’s here, it’s finally here
Scott, is that you?
30:58 I freaking love this joke 😅.
Is the next video going to be Nintendo Switch: 5 Years In?
Welcome back
It's a bird. It's a plane. It's SCOTT WITH HIS LONG AWAITED RETURN.
Ayo the new outro is wild, sad to see the original go but it had to be done eventually
WHY IS NO ONE TALKING ABOUT THE OUTTRO CHANGE??? THIS IS GROUNDBREAKING
Ultra barrel DK is just the DK barrel blast equivalent of Sonic R's Super Sonic
HES BAAAAAAACK
The legend returns with an absolute banger
YEAAAAAH BABY
Can't believe u decided to return with the greatest game of all time
Scott the Woz: anti-natalism icon
scott killed sex
Mommy look! It's the game that cost Scott his V-Card!
The return of the King....
season 6 babyyyyyy
Oh you're back. How was G4?
The blue border man has returned!!!
Scott is gone for three months and comes back with a video about Donkey Kong Barrel Blast.  Seems about right
did he get rid of breakout?
barrel blast makes you so fuckable, it took Scott 3 months
I will not tolerate DK Jungle Climber slander.
Am I the only one who found the Spider-Man reference a tad off putting? Not bad, but Scott doesn’t really do pop culture references, so it was jarring to me.
HE’S BACK. THE LEGEND IS BACK.
Return of the king
i missed you man!
Hearing that "Hey ya'll" brings memories. When he was needed the most, he returned.
Damn it's been half a year. Glad to see the Wozniak return.
When the world needed him most he returned.
For years I have defended this game, I’ve argued, fought, lost friends and family in defense of this game I loved so much. I just couldn’t understand how anyone could dislike this game, much less HATE it, and it cost me my house, my kids, my partner, and my job, and after watching this video I’ve realized I’ve never actually played Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast and was thinking of a completely different game and I don’t know which one.
I needed a Scott the woz to fight the Sunday scariest and start this week
HE’S FINALLY HERE  PREFORMING FOR YOU
breakout is gone :(
"The only way to stop fucking is to start fucking?" Cheeky reference to your smoking video
Wow dude... your videos were so much better when they weren't so -BEEP-kn political.
Welcome back Scott! Great as ever.
Damn, new outro
Finally he's back.
YEEEES SCOTT US BACK
Man, what a great comeback!
Scott Wozniak: the Chad Virgin.
He’s back
Bout time ....
banger outro
HE'S RETURNED
Wait new outro music????
He's back!!
YESSSSSSSSSSS
What a phenomenal return. I’ve been waiting for this episode for years! Barrel Blast was a game I really enjoyed as a kid, and it’s one of the games that gives me a lot of nostalgia for my early Wii childhood. I was planning on returning to it again after over a decade, and I think I finally will soon. Even if I only play it for 1 day, I want to relive those childhood memories again. Also, really great new outro! It’ll suck to not here Breakout again, but it helps keep the Woz brand alive.
Hey Scott happy your back
Hey look its that guy who owns Sonic 2 with a line!
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  i honestly thought that this was another fan edit when i saw it. i’ve never been so happy to be wrong
we missed you so much!
No way Scott changed his outro
38 MINUTES ABOUT DONKEY KONG BARREL BLAST
Welcome back Scott!
Our king has returned 👑
30:40 i wanna know the line he actually said here lol
Scott is The Chosen Virgin
That was the longest 3 months of my life.
hes back
Holy hell I check every one in a while to see if he posted and the day has finally come
scotts back
HOLY SHIT HES STILL ALIVE
Very worried that Breakout as the outro is gone for good, but the new song is nice and, of course, so happy to see you back Scott!!
Did he do a Scarlet Letter reference?
That final guitar combination of Break Out and Break In is just legendary
Scott, you leave for three months and come back with BITCHES?
He got rid of the breakout theme from the outro.           We got him back, but at what cost.
Go figure, I been on a Scott binge this weekend and the last video I just watched was Gifts of Gaming.  It all comes full circle
Long Live The King
dear god.
Ladies and gentlemen he’s returned the guy who owns sonic jam
different outro aaaaaaaaa
Donkey Kong December
Holy shit
return of the king
Scott's back? SCOTT'S BACK!!!
HES NOT DEAD!!!   He was just playing donkey Kong barrel blast for the past 4 months
The king has returned
So, it’s real? He uploaded…
this my fav video
He's BACK
man i think this is my fav video now... the OG was 3rd party crontrollers and double dash
Finally
He’s back!!!!!
THE LORD HAS RETURNED
I'm SO happy you're back! You're my favourite YouTuber and an inspiration.
HES BAAAAAACCCCCKKKK
FINALLY! THE MOMENT WE’VE BEEN WAITING FOR!
there’s a new outro music… so let’s all listen to the old song, hold a funeral, and move onto what’s new
OMG!!! I’m a bit disappointed that this isn’t the year five recap, but I’m so damn happy!!!!!!
16:10 look at may 22
Donkey kong when from *funny monkey* to *king kong* to *bongos*
Welcome back Scott!
My kitten died today, this video helped a lot, thanks Scott.
Time to buy my 10th Wii as tribute
Scott did say in the Speed Dating episode that getting laid would increase his credit score.
Nice vid
He's BACK!!
Let’s fucking go after 3 months
HE'S BACK!!!!!!
Hey, we also got a history of Donkey Kong video out of this.
The god of virginity has return
Shit glad to see that resurrection spell finally worked on you Scott. Praise be to Madden 08! 🙏
G4 and copyright be damned, I’m gonna miss his old outtro music
Oh my goodness, I haven’t heard a new Hey Y’all Scoot Here in (insert number) days
FINALLY
The return of the king
The music has finally been updated.  I love it!
SCOTTT HES BAAAAACCCCCCCKK!!!!!!
I like my donkey kong with a side of scott
New outro music
Honestly did not expect this video to teach me a valuable life lesson about sex.
WTF THEY CHANGED THE OUTRO
He's Alive!
SCOTTS BACK WOOOOOOO
The king has returned
Damn, why does Scott always hit so hard and be so relatable at the end of his 40 minute videos
NEW OUTRO THEME WTF
This video gave me so much joy!  The ending montage was just amazing and had me smiling for a while.
The return of the king.
My lord and savior has returned
Woah new outro
SCOTT RETURNS
He's returned. He's finally returned to us...
He returns!
cool
This video reminds me that my brother was conceived to a bad Star Trek episode
OH MY GOD HE'S BACK :DDD
Legendary, as is the channel. Good Job!
Well, we know what Scott didn't do during the break...
RETURN OF THE KING
So glad I was able to catch this video early. Too bad I can't hear it from all the sex, though...
I love it
Return of the King
Wow Scott uploaded? Maybe prayers work! Maybe I'll get tha job!
i think this is just me getting hopeful, but did anyone also see the Xenoblade controller
HES BACK
the pac is back
Sex without sex just sounds like Donkey Kong: Barre- oh I see that's what the video is about
30:42 Is his mouth fake? why is his mouth fake?!
where did the outro music go it's weird now
NEW END MUSIC
guys he did it
Finally, I can stop having these withdrawal symptoms.
Beautiful
Oh damn new outro music slaps
Omg Scott I missed you 🥺🥺❤️❤️
Scott has returned! Huzzah :D
U r finally back from 3 months which is great
The return of the king
Yee
This was a fantastic episode and VERY worth the wait
Holy shit Scott the Woz
This was epic welcome back Scott and congratulations you did it you stood for what you believed in bravo
As one Virgin to another, I thank you, Mr. The Woz 🫡
he's finally back, my life has meaning again
HE'S BACK!!!!!!!!!
New outro music?
good video scott :)
He’s back! Sound the Scott alarms!
30:57
You have returned! I started watching recently and have watched an insane amount of your videos already and am so happy you're back!
Glad you're back, buddy
"Hey yall, Scott here."      (>_<)   So kawaii
HE HATH RETURNED!
HE'S BACK!!
OH NO HIS VIRGIN POINTS
Welcome back :)
You were gone for so long
Thank you
the man, the myth, the legend returns!
Let's goooo welcome back man I hope you enjoyed your break scott glad to see you.
RETURN OF THE KING
Challenge run: Can you beat Donkey Kong Barrel Blast without having sex?
And when the world needed him most...he returned.
It's great to have Scott back! I guess the Switch year-in-review videos are done though. Makes me sad because I was really looking forward to his Switch year 5 retrospective. 😢
he did it :D
It feels like I’ve been waiting so long for this and it was so amazing
Holy shit is this scott the woz
Yay the long wait is now here  Woo hoo
This wait felt way longer than it should of glad your back bud we all missed you
Happy one year since Scott’s blue traumatization!
the ancient one has returned
He’s back
The ending didn't have to slap so hard
He’s baaaaaaaack!!
SCOTTT
Welcome back King Wozniak
WOOOOOOOOO YEAH BABY! THATS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR, THATS WHAT ITS ALL ABOUT! WOOOOOOOO!
THE RETURN OF THE KING
EVERY WHITE MALE,NINTENDO LOVING, GAMER EVER HAS RETURNED
the king is back
Well worth the wait! Hope you're well wozman
Scott the woz episode about lgbtq acceptance
Oh how I have missed you father.
I had a nightmare where I had to stop Scott from getting laid, and I failed miserably
_ring ring_ "We've been trying to reach you about your V-Card's eligibility, please notify us of your decision to play Barrel Blast to cancel your membership."
He's returned!!!!!
Holy crap Scott maybe I missed something but where tf have u been?
Good for you
never clicked on a video so fast in my life
e
I was just looking at my notifications and went "oh nice, Scott the woz uploaded a Barrel Blast video." *long pause* "oh shit, that's Barrel Blast!"  (video commentary warning): ok that was pretty cool. Season finale potential, if you ask me (haven't checked the playlists yet). The outro, which is a remix of his show's intro, is also really cool.
I’ve missed this so much
Just hearing the simple words "Hey all Scott Here" after all this time has put the widest grin on my face. Our boy is back internet!
HOLY SHIT HE’S BACK
Holy fuck Scott the woz
The return of the (Barrel Blast) King
Scott 7 years ago: wants to be laid Scott now: wants to be a virgin *Character development intensifies*
I get covid and a day later, Scott uploads  Yay?
since when was scott a youth pastor
He’s back!
When the world needed him most, he returned.
Is this, a Scott the woz video, without, breakout?
BABE WAKE UP NEW SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO DROPPED
Good job Scott! Hope you found a good personal work/life balance.
Thank you for existing Scott
Scott.... creepy. Your name was just in my head. Then boom upload
Just when the world needed him most
THE MAN IS BACK!!!!
When the world needed him most, he returned!
Scott you may not see this but you really shine a light into my life and I want to thank you for your amazing content. I love you Scott thank you.
I would love to see someone hack this game to be playable with the GameCube bongo controllers
holy shit new scott's video
I never thought I needed to hear scott say the words “spooky groin expansion”
YEAAHHHHHHH
Just when we thought he was dead, he is risen
ur back
He remembered his password
You’re as beautiful as the day I lost you 🥹
I. Can’t await for in 1.24 millionths years to see a dedicated video on giest.
A quarter of a year without the blue border
New vid
And just like that all was okay in the world.
Why does cave Scott The Woz look like mini-Bill Gates?
Yoooo
Thank you
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!!
THE KING HAS RETURNED
I love the dichotomy that is Scott the Woz. He can’t decide between being a virgin and losing his virginity. I love it.
Bongos souns wierd
Only Scott could return in such a spectacular way. Barrel Blast
!
Welcome back Scott!
Good to have you back man appreciate the hard work
Donkey Kong
so many youtubers start to go down the minute they start including their friends in their videos..
YESSSSSS
This might not be one of Scott's "usual" videos, but we all can say "who cares" because it's a great return to form.
Da fuq, havent seen ole woz since Christmas.
HE'S BAAAAAAAAACK
man i missed your videos so much
Never knew  I would miss "Hey all Scott here."  So much.  Welcome back, Scott. 🥺
HES BACKK ‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️‼️😱😱😨‼️‼️
wow this was a bad episode
Return of the King
Glad your back! (:
Yes he's back
He’s back
Hey all, something to fill the void here
HE’S BACK!!!!!! WE’RE NOT WORTHY, WE’RE NOT WORTHY!!!!!!
First original upload of the year
FINALLY
Bro he remembered how to upload.
Borderline personality disorder forever.
My god he's back
This is Scott's indirect way of saying he finally got laid
I was honestly worried something was going on, glad Scott is ok and good to see a new episode.
oh thank god he is back, we are wozzing
The Return of the King!
I missed you bro, a lot’s changed since you’ve been gone, and it all happened so quick. Nice Bongos
scott
28:44 wow that’s cool but why is your dad is texting you at 3:22 AM
Hey, great to see you’re back
Only Scott the Woz can go months without a new video and come back with a near 40 minute video about Donkey Kong Barrel Blast
When we needed him the most… Gex returns
The Return of the King 👑
06:52 You say that, and yet Nintendo still hasn't bought HAL Labs or Game Freak and they've been working alongside them since the 90's at least. Nintendo is more than willing to buy smaller companies, but for some reason will not touch bigger companies they've been working with forever.
SCOTT'S ALIVE!!
*HE’S F2CKING BACK!*
This video was more hyped than the Avatar sequel
The most excited I’ve ever been after checking my subscriptions holy moley
when the world needed him the most, he returned
SCOTT'S BACK, BABY!
Asexuals be like
Fun Fact: The name Mario comes from NOA's former landlord, Mario Segale.
thank GOODNESS i dont own a copy of barrel blast
Scott the woz uploads? A breath of fresh air
how much you wanna bet the reason he left was because he secretly had sex and needed therapy because he started playing barrel blast
Welcome Back Scott!
Welcome back, boss. Can’t wait to see how many more copies you’ve acquired in three months
I want to go to sleep... new Scott video... I want to sleep... I need to sleep... do I?... new video after 4 months... damn I really need to go to sleep...
Return of The King
SCOOOOOOTT
He's Back!
now then wheres the l button video
Hes alivvvveee
HE LIVES!
I predicted it! I knew he would upload this weekend. We've been waiting a while, it's high time to be back.
Welcome back Scott!
He's Back!
16:37 guess he is the new spider man
its here, after all of the references, its finally here also i was not expecting there to be new outro music, damn that gave me whiplash in the best way
Omg he is back
I hope the three month break did him some good. In other words, i hope hes okay.
Scott? Is that you?
he is back OH MY GOD OH MY GOD
I literally had a jumpscare seeing Scott back, like a physical reaction. He has been missed.
The king is back :D
Thank god i checked that notifcation sound
“Scholars considered June 28th to be the turning point” so my birthday was the turning point for humanity. Thank you for enlightening me, Scott :V
I missed you.
Omg hes back!!!! Did chibi robo ziplash have you captive???
HE’S BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Scotty 2 hotti returns!
We eatin' good tonight
oh my god, finally, i have never been this happy in my entire life, a new scott the woz video thank you i can rest peacefully
HE'S BACK LADS
Great to see Scott back again! I'm glad he took time off for himself and seems it was well spent!
ive been waiting for this i was scared
Scott the Woz:Endgame
...man I was about to go click off YouTube to do other things.  Happy to have you back, Scott.
The minute I saw the notification my heart almost stopped
HI SCOTT i missed ur videos :)
I was waiting for a Scott comeback!
It’s crazy, I’ve never seen him in the same room as a woman. There are even videos of him out in public and at cons, still, absolutely no women. This is a universal constant and if it is ever broken something is deeply wrong.
SCATT IS BACK
I KNEW THIS DAY WOULD COME
YEEESSSSS. THE KING IS BACK…. LET’S GOOOOOOOO 🤩
I'm glad your not dead
Rafiki: he's alive!!
finally a new scott vid we missed you
NO WAY  NEW SCOTT THE WOZ
FIRST VIDEO OF 2022 LET'S GOOO
just as i was watching some old scott to fill the void heres a new one
Omgggggggggggggg
-7284365 points to you V-Card
I can just imagine all the out of context clips comming from this episode
Agent Stone:  HEEEE'S BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
After months of Binge watching the old vids ❤️
And so the saga ends
I have never been so happy to see a YouTube notification
Return of the King
My sister is your animator it’s so cool seeing her work on your platform 💕🫶🏻✨
This is a pretty flawed game but hey, if nothing else, I can say it's a pretty silly way to workout at least.
HE’S BACKKK!
16:09 I like how they all say the same thing Except may 22  Which is when this came out
The Sacred Episode.
Scott is honestly like that one high school friend who you know is gonna do big things in 10 years, falls off the face of the earth and actually does.   Great to have you back Scott!!! Good to have you back!!!!
22:06 its like if they released Guitar hero without the guitar peripheral
I SWEAR I had a dream months ago where this video already existed, when I searched for it a while back it threw me for a loop since I saw it never actually happened in the first place... needless to say that seeing this in my recomendations and seeing that it was Scott finally uploading after literal months basically what made me think I was crazy some time ago when I searched for it kind of disoriented me more than I expected in my usual day-to-day YT browsing...  In any case, glad seeing Scott back with a video about anti-virginity itself, I already know I'm gonna 100% enjoy this as much as any video on the channel. You rock dude!
He is back from his jail.
Hey ya’ll. Scott’s back here! Where were you man, we were so worried!!
Kinda unrelated but I always thought Jon Taffer from Bar Rescue looked like Donkey Kong pretending to be some guy
Oh thank God he's back from G4
He's back!
I just found Scott's channel recently, I've watched probably 40 of his vids in the last two weeks. Perfect timing for a comeback!
YEEEEEES HE'S BACKKKKKKK
HE'S BAAAAAAAACK
He came back to save us!  Save us from Donkey Kong Barrel Blast!
Please don't join the alt-right.
Bruh
I have never felt so grateful to hear "Hey All Scott Here" again!
7:08  Hey, man, Tube Slider is actually a pretty decent fast-racing WipEout style game (not the gameshow, but the racing game, which I hate having to clarify).  Great music too.  It's not particularly deep, but it's easy to get into and the style is kinda cool too.
I was about to lose my virginity but then this video dropped. Thanks Scott 🙏🙏
it's John Tron he is back
The legend has returned!
Scott The Woz is back bitches!
Great to see you back scott! We’ve all missed you
I love how Scott finally acknowledged him being compared to Peter Parker
I'm confused, is he actually a virgin or is he gay
But, when the world needed him most...   He returned
HE FINALLY DID IT THE MADLAD DID IT
YEAH SCOTTS BACK
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
HE’S BACK!!!!!
Literally subscribed yesterday and then you come back. Hmm..
tHe LoRe!?!?!?!?!?
Welcome back!!!
So that's why I'm a virgin
It's been too long, Scott
Seems like scott is using more of a orginal soundtrack instead of using video game music
Imagine if we got Diddy Kong Pilot with the roster at 7:35
I’m crying tears of joy I’m on my knees I’ve been waiting for this
YESSSSS WE MISS YOU
Yes. 13 minutes of backstory for donkey Kong barrel blast.
HES BACK
He's slowly becoming AVGN.
This isn’t sex! THIS IS A DIVORCE!
The myth the legend, white boy form Ohio who likes Nintendo games has returned
Ohh, this is why he kept guessing "Donkey Kong Barrel Blast" in his recent competition with Nitrorad.
you can be the super vergin nerd needed for the task because I am pretty sure I would not qualify so good luck and thanks for some laughs and facts while doing so
Holly crap he’s back!
Holy shit he's back
This, Madden 08, Dick Vitale, and Chibi Robo are the classics, and now all have videos!
The GOAT has returned
Skitt the wheeze
Welcome back, scotty boy!
HES BACK
2022 feels better now
Had a stroke when he returned from the dead
HOLY SH*T HE’S BACK!!!! HE HAS RETURNED
Woooooooooooooooooooooaaaaaaaaaaazzzzzniiiaaaaaaaakkk
When the world needed him most, he returned
The bad thing about new videos from Scott is that you have to wait for another video.
Legend has it that, apart from arousing sexual tension in between virgins, also led to the disappearance of Scott "the Woz" Wozniak for several months. Who can say for sure, however... Oh look Scott's back.
He is back!
“This game will not affect my schedule!”  Well, we’ve all seen how that turned out
HE'S BACKKKKKKKKK!
I was almost hoping you'd just disappear until the end of December, then upload a "Best of Scott 2022".
HES BACK HEEEES BACKKKKK
The game room at the YMCA in my town had jungle beat, it was fun
HEY SCOTT Y'ALL HERE
WELCOME BACK SCOTT
I was looking through my notifs then I saw this and my jaw instantly dropped. Welcome back, Scott!!!
You're back. Good to see you. Hope the break was fun
he isnt dead
SCOTT IS BACK!!! EVERYONE STOP WHAT YOU ARE DOING RIGHT NOW, SCOTT THE WOZ IS BACK!
The legend himself is back
Earliness
HE'S BACK! HE'S BACK! OH MY GOD HE'S BACK!
I think this may be the episode with the most innuendos in it… and it’s Donkey Kong…
HE HAS RETURNED TO US!
SCOOOOOTTTTT I LOVEEEE YOIUUUUYYUUYUUU!!!!!
Wake up babe, new outro dropped.
Tiny, Lanky = 10/10
i gasped
YO THE BIG MAN IS BACK
I miss the blue borders
YES! HE IS BACK! MY LIFE CAN NOW CONTINUE!
Good to see you back, Scott.
such a good sex tape
it's about time
Alternate title   Scott the woz loses his virginity
Scott the Woz is Christ confirmed because he died and then came back
THE RETURN OF THE VIRGIN YESSESS
Wow... he's not dead! Hurraaaah!!!!
17:54 Don't worry Scott, it translates to: Barrel Jet Race. It translates to Donkey Kong Barrel Jet Race. They split the title into two.
Thank god he’s back
"With great power, Comes great virginity"  - Scott the Anti Gex Woz
OH MY GOD      HE UPLOADED SH*T!
The king has returned
My man really pulled the cartridge out while the N64 was still on...
Scott crawling out of his grave with a copy of Barrel Blast.
NEW SCOTT VID YESSS
Scott where were you
Words cannot describe how happy I am right now.
He hasn’t posted because he was too busy getting laid  Hold on…. “Betray the alliance” that can’t be good
One thing that I love about Scott is that no matter how much his channel grows and no matter how much his budget does as well, he still has the same personality. He never got cheesy, never sold out, and honestly, that’s why he’s my favorite YouTubers.
holy shit he's back
The prophecy…
The king is back!
He’s back!
Wooooooooah! Scott's return, I've been waiting for this. I even rewatched Borderline Forever this morning. Anyways, for the video, it was still hilarious and entertaining. It was amazing to finally see Scott talk about Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast.
My virgin points are dwindling!!!
Take a drink every time Scott says 'Donkey Kong' in this video.      ...I'll inform your next of kin about your lethal alcohol poisoning, shall I?
THE RETURN OF THE KING!!!!!
Scott coming back strong with him defending his title as a professional anti virgin
He's back!
No wonder Scott was gone for five long months: the production values on this are off the charts
WOOOOOOOOOO BABE WAKE UP SCOTT IS BACK!!!!
I enjoyed the tangent on Rare...but seeing you pull the N64 cart out with the console on put me in the hospital.
Finally, after such a long and agonizing hiatus…  Donkey Kong Barrel Blast returns to relevance!
20:11 Same.
Let's gooooo! I've been binging Scott The Woz waiting for this return.
The Best way to come back I was screaming
Funny, today I literally thought: "hmm, Scott sure hasn't posted in a while" and then BAM, he posts a video.  I can confirm that Scott reads minds.
FINALLY
Welcome back Scott
Fun Fact: There was an episode of Kamen Rider Revice that aired a few months ago where one of the main characters, a demon called Vice, was seen playing a round of Taiko no Tatsujin.  Why am I bringing this up? Not only does this confirm that Taiko no Tatsujin is a game that exists in the world of Kamen Rider, but this means that if Kamen Rider Revice took place in the 2000's, there is a high probability that we could have seen Vice playing Donkey Konga instead.
The Return of The King
God I missed scott
HE'S BACK
DAD RETURNED WITH THE MILK
9:22 also known as Ass Clapping
I realized the date on the calendar LOL
Maybe the real treasure was the Scott’s we made along the way
when we needed him most... he returned!
Oh no... Scott I appreciate the longer episode but don't turn into JonTron my friend. I missed your content.
Scott the woz season 6 starts off with an absolute banger from the ending of season 5 with a hint of Scott talking about donkey Kong barrel blast! WELCOME BACK SCOTT!!!
When the world needed him the most, he returned
He returns, this is a glorious day
WOAHHHH!! HES BACK!
They where ment to be 1 2 3 4
Pray for his V-card
Scott. You should play a Wii game called De Blob 2, we got it at a store like a Mojo's I believe don't remember not the point. I don't know if there is a difference between 1 and 2 but we got 2 because I don't think they had 1. The game is like a paint game where you have to get certain/ mix certain colours then paint them. Its 1 1/2 players, while one is the blob they other is the pointer, but it can be also be one player. Hope you see this!
HES BACK !!!
Hey Scott, all here. Happy you’re back.
HES BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
my god he did it
I too once disappeared for 3 months to play Donkey Kong Barrel Blast.
FUCK YEAH AGAGASASASAAAAHAAHAAS
Return of the king
The king returns!
8:34 "Yeah sure, we can still be friends. You just hear me and my new boyfriend fuck all the time." damn
When the world needed him the most, he comes back to us.
HE’S… BACK!!!
Video one of suggesting fling smash, do it you coward.
Welcome back, I knew today felt like the first normal Sunday in awhile
About time! We missed our Lord 🙏🏼
HE is back like before he's a virgin and hell win the war
Those bongos work GREAT with Gex and Chibi robo.
8:34
My birthday is June 28th. No joke.
He's Back!
Holy shit he’s back
“Hey all, Scott here” after nearly half a year.  It’s enough to make a grown man cry.
We need more Madden 2007.
Finally, the best game ever made.
Huh, Youtube was preparing me for this apparently. I stopped getting Scott recommendations after his last video, but during this week I have been getting recommended to rewatch other videos of him. Youtube was onto something and knew a new video was coming up and prepared me for it, lol.
King is back 👑
Oh this is exactly what we needed
THE KING IS BACK
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Sorry to whoever I was just watching, the king just RETURNED!
Welcome back
HE LIVES
Praise be to Scott on this glorious Sunday return! Northwest Ohio thanks you
8:34 Burn, baby burn
about to cry.. tystw
As fun as the skit heavy episodes are, I'm really enjoying the tight pacing of this one! It has the energy of early Scott the Woz but the polish of the later stuff: the best of everything up to now.
When the world needed him most, he returned
"And when the world needed him the most, he returned".
Aye, Back at it again at Krispy Kreme
Ohh shit it’s Scott the woz!
THE RETURN
I %100-ed this game back in the day. I can confirm that women want me.
I called it last video
So if Scott likes spelunking now. . .  Does that mean he's gonna play Spelunky and Spelunky 2?
God, this was worth the wait
I cannot believe how long it took for a dedicated video on Donkey Kong Barrel Blast to be made. We're all in the best timeline now.
He’s finally back to kick some Donkey Kong Anti-virgin tail! Missed you Scott
Ight boys. Who's gonna mod Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast so we can have DK Bongos support?
"She may have killed my brother, but maybe he was lying"  - Scott the G4 Woz
Good job 😃👍
"so the only way to stop f****** is to start f******?"    Scott in his stop smoking episode:  "I must start smoking to stop smoking."
Ok, but are we gonna talk about how he uses his new intro theme in his videos.
glad to see you back, scott
HOLY SHIT SCOTT THE WOZ
return of the king
Welcome back Scott we missed you 💯✌🏽
RETURN OF THE SCOTT
I truly haven’t laughed so hard until I heard “you can also brush your teeth with mice.” I needed that. Amazing.
The Woz has made his triumphant return!!!
I have never felt so much utter joy as when I saw he had uploaded again. Truly the highlight of my life.
THE KING HAS RETURNED
Return of the king
He's back!
I can't believe you escaped the museum
bro scott just got layed
YOOOO
HES BACK
Man, Scott's adamant desire to remain a virgin hits in such a different way ever since I realized I'm ace...  EDIT:  Wow, and now that I've seen the end, it hits even harder!!!  Thanks Scott for acknowledging that you shouldn't judge others just because they like a thing or don't like a thing.  People are just on different paths in life and that's okay!
It’s been so long 😩
He's back!
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Hell yeah
Just noticed this video is a celebration Donkey Kong's 40th anniversary, something Nintendo forgot to do
HE IS BACK!
Misanthropy-a dislike of human kind
He is back
3:27 I'm surprised he didn't say Donkey Kong blows!
AAAAAAAAAAAAA  Jesus, at this point I would have suspected Scott to be dead!
He's gone for months and comes back with an absolute banger
Welcome back, Mr. The Woz
he returns
The king has returned!!! Also here's to a review for super Mario sunshine for it's twentieth anniversary!
Oh I thought you were dead, well hope you enjoyed the flowers anyway.
the avgn ass reference in the intro
I clicked on this faster my dad left
Return of the king
HE IS BAAAAAAACK
never did i think a “hey all scott here” would give me such a feeling but here we are
He's baaaaaaaaack
happy to see another Scott video ♡♡♡
He has returned
A game that compels you to have sex? It's the anti-WOW
Woah what the frick hes back?
You are finally back!!!! I hope you had a good time
Holy shit… he is back
The return of the king
Our king is back
HE HAS RETURNED
I was literally just watching Scott before this came out, I should do that more often
THE RETURN OF THE KING! THE RETURN OF THE KING!!! HE’S BAAAACK!!!!!
Hes back
6 months later gets us DONKEY KONG
Where ya been?
Holy fuck scott the woz
HE'S BACK!
I FUCKING LOVE SCOTT THE WOZ!!!!!!!!
The time has come
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast Shit Game , Bleargh !!!
Scott is back woohoo
He's BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
I wish this was the standard for youtube content
oh no its the ohio guy again
When the world needed him most, the man, the myth, the legend himself returned.
So... This video has more sex than the Fifty Shades of Gray movies
You're back!!!!!!!!!  I missed you so much
holy fuck scott the woz
As Agent Stone once said "He's baaaack"
Look, he's back!
YOOOOOOOOO HES BACKKKK😍😍😍😍
It finally happened
Finally we know why Scott hasn't uploaded in a while. It's hard to write and edit when women are constantly trying to have sex with you after you play Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast
"donkey kong barrel blast, or donkey kong jet race! which one's better? the one that's not this [slides in a copy of the japanese version, literally named "donkey kong barrel jet race"]"  HOW did you make the joke even funnier for people who speak a language you dont. youre a wizard
Welcome back king 👑
“i’m no longer following society, society is gonna follow me” goes so hard
SCOTTITHAN IS BACK TO HIS OLD SCOTTIN WAYS
WELCOME BACK!!!
Scott: F*ck Donkey Kong. Jeb and Rex: We already did in Mario Party.
Welcome back, king.
new scott upload best birthday present ever
monke
Kalypso the Kremling canonically has an annoying laugh.
HESSSS BAAAACCCKKKK!!!!!!!!!
Very on brand for Scott to disappear for three months and then come back with a donkey Kong barrel blast video
The return of the king
On FUCKING GOD
HE'S BACK!!!
Return of the King
The nintendo messiah has returned
YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!
Hi 3 to 5 month Scott how are you?  Glad you back friend.
16:09  May 22nd lol
Holy fuck Scott the woz
HES BACK
Me when Scott uploads: Woooooooooo Yeahhhh babyyyyy that's what I've been waiting for that's what it's all about
YES
Its been a while good your safe
HES BACK! SWITCH 5 YEARS LATER NEXT
I was saying yesterday it would be amazing if he posts on my birthday and he actually did
The return
Welcome back
-With great power, comes great virginity  Scott Wozniak 2022
Omg he’s back
Return of The King
I would love to see how much this video got demonitized
Is there actual people who have this as their favorite game?
Funny enough, I was JUST thinking about you, I watched a vid about you yesterday
guess who’s back!
Babe wake up, the crash wasn't your fault
it feels good to be back
I CAN BRATHE ONCE MORE
Jen Griffey, Jr.'s Winning Run for SNES is criminally underrated.
i've read fanfictions like this.
Scott spent 3 months looking for his GBA SP charger.  He still didn't find it.
The Return of the King
when the world needed him most he returned
THE WOZ HAS RETURNED!!!!
He’s back!
That may have been the greatest intros Scott has ever made. Man, I've missed this channel.
HES BACK
Can’t believe Scott isn’t dead 🥹
Babe wake up, Scott posted
Where have you been kid?! Starting to think Warner Bros dropped you in a ditch.
New video LETS GO
Hey Scott, ALL here
finally.
Fianlly your back I missed you I thought you were dead
You're back! Yes!
5 years of nintendo switch please
He's back!
Everyone is loosers
Any other girlfriends watching this? Or just my weird butt, 😂
16:09 Looks like Scott had to betray the alliance to give us a new upload today. It's chilling how far he goes for his audience.
Feels good to hear Chibi Robo: Zip Lash jokes again.
The Return of the King
GOD IS BACK
The Return of the King 🥺
I'm scott and bothered 😭😭
He’s back!
It has been twelve millenia, but our lord has returned at last in glory!
Scott has returned! 🙌🏻👑
I'm now not depressed finally scott posted hope the break was AMAZING
Finally a post!
The Return of the Wozniak
THE KING HAS RETURNED
HE'S BAAAAAAACK  Glad to see you return, Scott!
Return of the king!
It’s been 3000 years.
HEEEEEEEE'S BACK
Is it just me or is this have more cursing than normal feels weird it’s like old mr beast vs new mr beast
Is this a dream?
Finally
You'll cowards don't even play competitive Donkey Kong Jr. Math.
6:09 he took the cartridge out while the console was on, I'm calling the police
The Return Of The Not An RPG Guy.
LET'S F***ING GOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
What a perfect day: Dinner out with one of my closest friends from work...and a new Scott the Woz episode.  Missed you lots, but I'm also glad you took time for yourself. <3
Yes yes yes yes yes 😆
THE WOZ KING IS BACK LET’S GOOOO!! 😤👏🏼
Omg wooooo
Hey y’all
HEEES BACK
The return of the king
Hello Scott! I was just binging season 3 when I came upon this!
HE'S BACK!
so scott, hows betraying the alliance on this fine day?
After seeing your tweet, Scott, I’m glad you wanna take time to do stuff outside of your YouTube career, so I hope you’re doing well. Excited for Nintendo Switch Year 5!!!
THE MESSIAH HAS RETURNED
SCOTT THE WIZZARD HAS RETURNED!!!
Wow, after the hiatus I expected Nintendo Switch Year 5 Review but I'll take this too! ❤️
Holy shit, I was worried Scott was dead. Praise be, he lives.
Yes. Hes back.
The return of the king
Well. He did it.
the return of the king!
The king has returned
he is back and better then ever
Glad to have you back Scott!
OH SNAP *THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED*
Return of the king
Good to have you back Scott
your back!!!
You know if it wasn't for Barrel Blast coming out in 2007, MKWii's meta would've been WAY different probably.
I love Gex Guitar Gecko.
It's been 3,000 years...       Jk I'm glad he's back from the break though
I just yelled "THE RETURN" in my house very loud
Return of the Bongos
Count how many times he said donkey kong here
YAYYYY HE'S BACK!!!
A surprise for sure, but a welcome one.
RETURN OF THE KING
THE WOZ IS BACK
HE'S BACK!!
Thanks for the birthday present but mine's not actually for another 2 weeks.
HE LIVES
yeesssss he uploaded the virgin game
HOLY SHIT
THE MAN'S ALIVE
When the world needed him most, he actually didn't disappear.
He betrayed the alliance.
He back my boy is back
He’s back!
what a grand return. happy to see you back!!
He's finally back. The world is a tad bit better now
he's back!!!
The return of the king
FUCK YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHH!!!!!!!!!! MORE SCOTT !!!!!!
Scott has never been so unhinged, this is excellent.
Spitt the Wip
I cried.
You need to upload Nintendo switch 5 years in
Finally Scott uploaded! I thought he was gonna quit YouTube for a few 3 months there!
He came back?!?!?      HE CAME BACK!!!!!!
7:50 so uhhh I was actually born about 9 months after that game released........... You're a fortune teller
He's...he's back
The king has returned.
Scott was gone a lot less longer than if felt like
And just when the world needed him, he returned.
“Its been 3,000 years…”  Jokes aside, glad to have you back Woz the Scott!  Edit: Jesus it feels weird to hear the new theme instead of breakout
I LOVE YOU OMG THANKYOU FOR COMING BACK.  i hope everythings going ok and your doing good
nice.
welcome back Chad
Welcome back Scott!
God I missed virginity
HE SAID “Hey yall scott here!” OMG YESSS THATS WHAT I WAS WAITING FOR!! 🥳 WOOOHOOO
holy shit it's scott the woz
Yooooo my boi is back! 🤙
hes back
This explains the 3 month gap
Daddys back baby
HOLY SHIT SCOTT IS ALVIE!
Taking the Cart Right Out from the Console While On, 6:09, Made Me Cringe So Much! Lol
FU*********K
I don’t understand the curse. I have played through donkey Kong barrel blast over 18 times and STILL haven’t lost virginity.
Barrel Blast is super overhated imo.  Sure the controls are janky, but the barrel combos are fun and i like the boost system
Return of the King
Welcome back
He's back!
The irony of Scott playing up the virginity angle after announcing his relationship on Twitter
welcome back king 🤴
WAIT HES BACK  YYYYYEEEAHH
RETURN OF THE KIIIIIIING!  WE FOUND SCOTT!
I’ve been waiting for not only a new Scott video but also a video about the one and only key to sex.
I find it hilarious that the same thing that happened to twilight princess happened to breath of the wild, there were both gonna be on consoles that weren't doing so hot, then got pushed to consoles that would go on to do amazingly. But still have releases on that old console
The return of Scott the Woz, so AWESOME.
I FUCKING LOVE DONKEY KONG AND I WANT HIM TO BE MY WIFE!
SCCAAAATTTT!  ty welcome back
*There's Scott.*
ammomums
SCATTS BACK!!!!
Yesssss
Hi dad
The new outro isn't as good.
“You can also brush your teeth with mice” Now I’ve gotta try this
This is my favorite film yet from Cannes this year! Pretty sure it's gonna win the Palme D'or!
HOLY FUCKIN SHIT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
will you still do switch 5 year life?
*The return of the king*
Holy Shit, Scott the Woz Glad to see you back man!
YES YES YES YES YES YES YES YES THE RETURN OF THE KING
Thank you, scott.
YESSSSSSS SCOTTS BACK
6:47 Hey don't be talkin' bad bout my boy Digger T Rock !  I had that game and It's an underappreciated classic.  One might even call it a... Hidden Gem.
BABE WAKE UP NEW SCOTT DROPPED
The legend is back
RETURN OF THE KING
He back
BABE WAKE UP NEW SCOTT THE WOZ JUST DROPPED
HES BACK
HES BACK
Glad to see you're finally back and with a long awaited video too! I have a discord account named DK King Of Swing that I made like 6 months ago. I was just looking at a list of gba mario games to collect and I discovered it's existence. Also the new outro music is sick.
HE’S BACK!
My floor flooded this evening, you don't know how much I needed this video!
HES BACK! I CAN STOP PLAYING MARIO PARTY 10 NOW
The script in this video reads like a Mad Lib
Best way to end a Sunday night
IT’S BEEN 3000 YEARS
Finally, now we just need the L button video
HE'S BAAAACK!!!
“Every massive success leads to a sexual revolution”  - Scott the Monopoly Woz (2022)
YES HES BACK
Whoooo! Great to see ya back!
He’s back!
HE’S BACK :0
HES BACK
Yay
HELL YEA
HES BACK
He’s back
HES BACK!!!! THE BEST GAMING CHANNEL ON YOUTUBE IS BACK
The legend returns
Scott is back at it!? Just what I needed! When's the Paper Mario review? Or maybe Scott will play an RPG? Stay tuned!
:)
Finally after 3 months your back
I forgot you existed lol
Finally he's back
The Return of the Woz
S C O T T LIVES!!!!!
finally hearing that "hey all, scott here" after all this time
Hey Scott!
YESSS
OH FUCK
Our Lord and Saviour has returned!
The return of the king, and with the cure for virginity.
HES BACK
earliest ive ever been
there's scott!
HES BACK
YAY WELCOME BACK SCOTT!
I am happy that you return. You are awesome
Holy shit scott the waz upload?!
It’s been 3000 years…
When the world need him most, he returned to do what he does best: ranting about stupid Nintendo games.
THE RETURN!
epic
Scott the Woz Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast
Nothing more Scott the Woz than vanishing for months only to make a Barrel Blast video.
hes back
He’s BAAAAAAACK!!!!
Holy shit! Scotts back! That hey all hit different lol
32,434th. THE RETURN OF THE KING, LET'S GOO
Finally… he’s back
scott woz
Return of The King
HES BACK MOTHERFUCKERS LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
What the Woz!?!!!!!
Yo wtf the woz
THE KING IS BACK WOOOOO 🥳🥳🥳🥳
Scott is baaaaaaack Instantly best day ever Months without Scott felt weird
I'm glad to see you back  Proud of you for taking time for yourself
Holyy Crap the legend has returned!!!
A wild Scott Appeared!
THE MAN. THE MYTH. THE LEGEND. HES BACK!
OMG THE KING IS BACK WITH A BANGER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YO! THE GUY WHO OWNS SONIC JAM IS FINALLY BACK!!!
Yeah yeah yeah scooot the woooooz
"HEEEE'S BAAACK!!!!!"
Aw shit man I've missed you so much 😮‍💨
E.
wow i can’t believe mario stole my name
Yay! Its Scott!
So he's finally here, performing for you
Return of the king
It’s about fucking time
HE’S BACK
Thank. F***ing. Christ.  Never leave us that long again! We were lost without you.
Welcome Back!
Thank you for being there on my birthday
OMG, I'm glad that you're back.
YYYYEEEEESSSSSS   SCCOOOOOOOOOOOTTTTTT
The Return of The King.
good to have you back scott your a blast a barrel blast
If you have a soda addiction but you still like sweet drinks switch to Sunny D orange juice it's very sweet orange juice that is barely bad for you only the sugar is bad for you it's a lot of good citrus in it with lots of vitamin c
OUR CONTENT LORD AND SAVIOR IS BACK
👍
Great Scott!
DONKEY KONG?
The great line that is Hey All Scott here has returned I'm at peace
HE’S BAAAAAAAACK!!!!!
hey all, robert downey jr here
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Glad you’re back man!
The King Returned
The Return of the King.
glad to have you back, scott!
YESSSSSS
Guys look, new scott the woz video!!
ALL HAIL THE KING OF MADDEN AND VIRGINITY
Scott playing Spelunky in real life?  I'm into it
he spent all his millions and now he's back to make more!
And pass out he—Scott Daniel Wozniak—did, for 4 months
Early gang
damn, he is alive
Scott your back where have you been!?
okmgmgmg= g,g ]
This is what’s been missing in my life.  Glad to see you back, Scott!  Hope the break treated you well!
Who needs a 3 month break lol
Return of the King
My mental state has simply not been okay ever since he left, and now I am at my peak in life
Of course you don't play as Donkey Kong in Donkey Kong. Do you play as Asteroids in Asteroids?  The Centipede in Centipede? Some third example? NO!
The man, the myth, the legend, is here
The Return of the King!!!!
I see Scott post a video i click simply as that Once again the algorithm wins
0:29 AVGN reference, nice. or similar to it
He broke the curse and is back
scott welcome back i missed you so much
“Hey all! Scott here” Me: *transcends*
Damn, a 30 minute video already? I can already tell this season will have tons of high-quality stuff, AND Nintendo Switch 5 years in, all together! Woo!
Rᴇᴛᴜʀɴ ᴏғ ᴛʜᴇ ᴋɪɴɢ
H-he got bitches…
The king has returned!
scott the woz my beloved
*THE RETURN OF THE KING*
Somehow, Scott returned
The absence makes sense now. DK Barrel Blast.
HES BACK
SCOTT IS BACK?! My life has meaning again
OMG! He's alive!
He is back
"Hey all, Scott here"  It's been so long since we heard that one. Welcome back Scott <3
It is here, just as the Sex Prophecy foretold.
He's back baby!
"The king has returned"
HES BACK!
When the world needed him most, he came back!
I feel I missed nothing… geez
Finallyyyyyy
YEAAAAAAAAAA
the return of the king
I'm going to be perfectly honest; I wasn't really too big on Scott the Woz. Had it not been for one of my friends, I would've said, "Who the fuck was this guy?". And honestly, after watching and getting into this kind of content, it feels amazing that he's back.
This is such a perfect way to start the summer.
HESSSSS BACK
king wozniak the scott has returned
The return of the king
*our hero has returned*
THE RETURN OF THE KING!
wow
HE"S BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
This dude doesn’t just have a blue border, he’s got some serious blue balls too. That was some intro.
Welcome back, king. 👑
your back!
Jesus christ, i forgot Barrel Blast even existed.. i have this, hidden somewhere in my collection of Wii Games, and somehow i LIKED this as a kid.  At least it’s got good music!  And of course, welcome back, Scott!
jesus christ i forgot how lovely and soothing scotts majestic voice is!
SCOTTTT
He’s finally taking a look at Barrel Blast!
im eely for once lol
We have missed you Scott!! Worth the wait tho.
No kidding, Donkey Kong Jungle Beat is like one of the greatest Nintendo games for the GameCube and completely validates the Donkey Kong bongos! I know that doesn't entirely relate to Barrel Blast, but I need to spread the word of the most underrated Nintendo games! Barrel Blast should've used the bongos too... I understand why it didn't; because the game wanted to prioritized multiplayer because it was a racing game and no one was going to buy 4 Donkey Kong bongos for a DK racing game, but it would have been nice still.
Scott spent the last few months trying to not let the bitches take his virginity
And when the world needed him most, he returned
Welcome Back Scott Missed You Alot Could you Maybe do the Metal Gear Series oneday Love From Pakistan.
Finally....
No, Scott Wozniak is not a member of The Proclaimers, please stop asking
I thought Scott had been eaten by Gex! Good to see he’s ok.
HES BACK YAYYYY
Hey Scott all here
The guy who owns sonic jam is back! :O
the king is back
Return of the King (2003)
It took me a few seconds to register the notification when I got it.
Scott
No better way for the Virgin king to return than by talking about the most dangerous threat to virgins everywhere '!!!
THE LEGEND IS BACK
RETURN OF THE KING
HES BAAAAACK
No wonder it took him 3 months
Return of the King.
Oh shit Scott's back
HES BACK!!?
There he is
Welcome back!
The longest three months of my life. Welcome back, Scott!
The man is BACK!!!
My guy was probably building houses for the poor out of wii play while he was gone
this is the event of the year
Yo welcome back Scotty
Scott lives, and he conquered sex! Good day so far.
lets go the goat is back
HES BACK EVERYONE HES BACK
The guy who owns Sonic Jam has finally returned!
The king is back!!
Welcome back, Scott!
LETS GOOO SCOTT UPLOADED
Welcome back, we missed u :)
SCOTT IS BAAAACK!!!!!
The legend returns
Yeah no wonder he's in a hiatus,he stuck in the cave.
This was literally the longest 3 months of my life. Love the video so far Scatt.
The king has returned
You never notice how much you need something till it’s gone...
Yes yes
LETSA FUCKING GOOOOO
Donkey Boom, Donk Effect 3, and Donk Kongem 3.
HE'S BACK
Finally...some good content. Boys looks like Scott it's back in the menu
The legend has returned
Literally just checked out his account yesterday only to see that a day later he returns, welcome back
return of the king
HE LIIIIIIVES
YOOOOO BABE WAKE UP NEW SCOTT THE WOZ JUST DROPPED!!!!!
OH MY GOD HE'S BACK
hey scott
OH MY GOD
BTW, shoutouts to Jungle Beat, that was the first game ever in North America to get the E10+ rating.
Dad, you’re back with the milk!
He’s back he’s finally back, welcome back Scott the Woz. It’s fun to see you review a game like this. 🥳
He’s back!
The Return of the King
THE KING HAS RETURNED
FUCK YEAH
Welcome back Scott. Hope you had a good break.
Scott. My man. You returned. I’m so happy.
Bruh once every few weeks I’ve been checking up on the channel. Best news right here
im gald your back
he's back
Slapping a monkey on something just to sell it isn't all that weird of a concept. DC did it in the 60's to sell comics. Why you may ask? Monk-ee Funn-ee. Also apparently the executives found out that the comics with monkeys, sold more than the ones without.
Good to have you back man!
The King returns! Welcome back Scott. We missed you but we're glad you took time for yourself, especially after a super busy and super giving holiday season.
HES RETURNED
He's fuckin back let's gooooooo!
FINALLY!!! Scott has finally uploaded
9:57 when the red note is sus
"On June 28th" Why does this date sound familiar. *Remembers Arch Duke Ferdinand*
The virginity has returned
Here at 26,684 views.
Scott is back bb
I was thinking about this channel today and bam - stoked to watch on a Sunday of a long weekend!
Let’s play the drinking game, drink every time he says donkey Kong
Finally, the legend comes back
Welcome back! Glad to see a new video!
Welcome back Scott. I did enjoy your cameo appearance guessing video game music, but now you are back where you
Scott I was about to get laid. Then you uploaded this video. Thanks for reminding me what my priority’s were
When the world needed him most he returned
Welcome back Scott!
yes.
This was worth waiting 3 months
scott uses the xenoblade 2 pro controller what a chad
this aint no NINTENDO SWITCH: FIVE YEARS IN but I'll take it
AHHHH
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO HE'S BACK
I was just wondering what happened to Scott today. I guess you needed a break.
OMG! You’re back! Long time no see! Glad to have your videos back and I hope you had a wonderful time away! Looking forward to what you have in store for us in the last half of 2022.
He's back!
HEY ALL, THE KING HAS COME BACK
RETURN OF THE KING
The return of the king.
Huzzah the turbo virgin has returned
The return of the king!!!
Timmy get the camera scatt posted!!!!!
The second coming of Da Woz!!!! I could wait any longer. 😂😂😂
Where were u
FINALLY
Let’s fucking GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
HES BACK!!!
holy shit its scott the woz
I can’t believe Donkey Kong is the reason we got Mario Tennis Ultra Smash
Never been so happy for a post
HOLY SHIT
Yeeeees now the year will start
I knew my monthly binge-watching of Scott earning his virginity would pay off
He did it  HE UPLOADED
This is like when my dad came back with the milk
Holy fuck Scott the Woz
After months… HEY ALL, HE’S BACK!!!!!!!!!
Lock your doors. Go get a snack.  Scott the Woz is finally back.
welcome back!!!!!!!!!
HE'S BAAAAAACCCKKK!!!!
wait well waited
HES BACK
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED ((AND IS THAT A NEW OUTRO OMG??????))
HES BACK
WOZNIAK
4:32 plot twist how you ask well ME:LE
He’s Back!!!!!!
"You can also brush your teeth with mice"  killed me
It's festival
Finnaly the man is back
Finally, we've been waiting for... How much again..?
holy fuck scott the woz
oh man i hope he plays gex in this one
this is an emotional moment for me
Hi scott
You’re not dead!!!!! I am so happy to see you!!
FINALLY its about time he is back
And when the world needed him most, he returned.
Great to see you back
THE PRODIGAL SON HAS RETURNED
*insert Agent Stone screaming here*    Post video comment: You’re back and better than ever.
Monke time
*insert typical “when the world needed him most” joke here*
The hints of a barrel blast video in the past have led us to this.  Also, amazing new end theme.
YOURE BAVK!
AHHHHHHH HES BACK AHHHH
HELLO KING
Good God, he’s back
Nearly five months away but he's back in our lives making us laugh. Welcome back Scott the Virgin.
This is exactly what I've been waiting for.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
The Wizard of Woz is back! 😝
When the world needed him the KING RETURNED
HE IS BAAAAAAAAAAACK!!!!!!!!
HES BACK \
ITS BEEN EIGHT MINUTES SINCE THIS WAS POSTED AND THERE ARE ALREADY 2.3K COMMENTS.  God I love this community
YEEEEESSSSS SCOTTTTTT
HE'S BACK
Come backs are real, first, Kendrick, then Dookieshed, NOW, SCOTT THE WOZNIAK, LETS GOO
Why did Scott start having this trend of just randomly dying for a few months and coming back after the new year starts
FINALLYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYYY! XD
HES BACK
The king of YouTube has finally returned! This is a day to celebrate.
HES BACCKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
I just realized, the last Christmas special ended with “I’ll get to [barrel blast] later.” This certainly later, but he got to it!
I discovered him during his break and I feel so lucky seeing a brand new video in the wild! Welcome back, Scott!
He's gotta do Fling Smash next
Honey wake up new Scott
It’s been 5 months since I’ve heard the Hey All, Scott Here it feels good to hear it again
YOOOOOOO! Welcome back dude!
finally. we can rest.
Holy moly, Scott is alive!
“He’s back” - Fudge (Harry Potter - the order of the Phoenix)
Scott the Woz has returned this is the best birthday present ever (it is my birthday lol)
HE IS ALIVE!!!!!!!!
Our lord and savior Scott Wozniak has returned.
and so the legend returns
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
yeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesss😁😁😁😁😁😁😁 the myth the man the legend Scott the woz is finally back hold off worldwar3 cancel the Johnny Depp crap bed let's go
HE'SSS BACCCKKKKKKK
You never truly realize how much you miss someone until they are gone. It's good to see you again Scott
SCOTT! WE MISSED YOU!
Holy shit the legend is back!
HES BACK!
When the world needed him most, he returned!
So, technically this video is a video made for frustrated virgins?
The triumphant return!!!
Finally
Thank God you're alive.
HEEES BACKKKKKK!,,,,!!@)2(*262( @
My boi Scott returns. I'm so happy that it make me crying!!
Hey Scott’s back!
skip da wazz
Hey
BABE WAKE UP, SCOTT THE WOZ JUST UPLOADED!
OH MY GOD, SCATT YOUR BACK!
He's back!
HEEEEEEEESSSSS BACK BOYS HE’S BAAAAAAACK!!!
"no, this is earl"
YAS MS GIRLY IS BACK WITH A BANGER (we love you Scott)
LETS GOOOOO
This is fucking badass.
Just on a rewatch binge and was pleasantly surprised!
The forbidden fruit itself. Donkey Kong Barrel Blast.
Sweet, Time for season 6
HE'S ALIVE!
dkbb
Yay another Scott video. I have a two hour drive soon and will look forward to watching!
He returns, with anti virginity
HE'S BACK, LADIES AND GENTLEMEN
We've missed you
GAME DAY BABY LFGOOOO
GAMERS, REJOICE!
SCOTTS back thanks man for your work glad youre back
Thank you Scott! My girlfriend just broke up with me today but this video should give me a little time of happiness to finish my day
it’s been so long…
Anti-virgin repellent
He has returned.
Oh my god...HE'S ALIVE?!
Ladies and gentlemen. After 65 years of isolation and silence, I stand here proud today to inform you all, every man, woman, and child across the world.... *scavengers of the apocalypse lean closer to their radios* ...Scott The Woz.......IS PLAYING DK BARREL BLAST ✊😭!!! *cheers of hope and joy echo across the planet in holy triumph*  Good to have you back Scott
I'm ready.
Ooo it’s a new Scott video
I see that you are covering DK Barrel Blast my ass.Also, glad to have you back. Can't wait to see you at TooManyGames this June.
The Return of the Scott.
Every Mario video is good !
Hey Scott's there
Hey y'all...  he's back. 🥲
It’s been so long I forgot how big Scott’s collection was
Perfect!! This will go on my Ultimate Donkey Kong Playlist! Thank you so much for making a video dedicated to my favorite fictional character! 😄
THE MAN ITSELF
“I just want to break the mold, to not follow a path...but every week, my life involves mentioning Barrel Blast!”
Scott the pog is back! Seeing you upload made my day a little better :) thanks Scott.
Scott daddy gex pimp is back baby!
SCOTTS BACK BABY WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
FINALLY MY BOY HES BACK
return of the king
Let's go Scott! Happy to see that you feel good enough to make a video!
yessssss New video finally 😍 the legend has returned!!!
Scott risks his virginity at last
Y tú no estabas muerto ?
The return of the king!!
I guess Scott wanted to get quadruple laid
OF SCOTTMAN!!!
I haven’t heard that name in 6 months…
Scotty-Man!!! Welcome back!
The legend has returned              Oh and Scott’s back too
I’m with you scott if i could be a virgin i would
BABY I'VE MISSED YOU
The True King Has Returned.
38MIH!!!!!!!
Its been 4 months without a new hey yall scott here. Until now
OMG IM NOT DREAMING HE FINALLY UPLOADED MOM GET THE CAMERA
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast has a killer soundtrack, IMO. The DK Jungle theme is one of the most energetic themes I’ve ever heard in a racing game, Cosmic Highway is a really unique remix of the arcade game’s title screen, and Mammoth Glacier is holiday fun incarnate. If only the rest of the game was as good as the music.
Return of the king
When the world needed him most! He returned! Eat your heart out Avatar!
7 minutes and 20k views   God i love this community
So returns the volcel we need but not the one we deserve.
HOLY SH*T SCOTT REAPPEARED
LETS FOCKIN GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO}
yes!!!!!!!!!!!! Finally an upload!!!!!!!!!!!
SCOTT'S BACK BABY LET'S GOOOO
“In the beginning, everybody was a virgin.”  You telling me we still aren’t virgins now?
YEEESSSS
The Legend Scott the Woz has returned
THE LEGEND IS BACK BAE BEE
LETS donKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
BOYS, HE'S BACK
The Return of the King
Just when the world needed him most
YEAAAAAAH!!!!
Babe wake up, New Scott the Woz Video!
All this sexual talk makes me think scott has finally sinned and lost his virginity.
I just contracted Covid... And I've been here in bed all day feeling crappy. But the excitement that we have a new Scott video is not something even covid can crush.
The DOW is in the green tomorrow!!
RETURN OF THE KING
When the world needed him most, he returned
Stop no NSFW content, Scott
WOWOWOLO
You expect us to just casually act like you haven't been gone for over 3 months? You'd be correct
He's not on G4 now yay
Just today I was like “damn it’s been awhile since he’s uploaded a video I wonder when he’ll upload another one?”
The Upchucks could probably beat up Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast | The Curse - Scott The Woz because The Upchucks are the best           (Welcome Back King)
oh my god
Welcome back
Welcome back Scoot, we missed you
I actually when I saw you in the subscription tab. Finally
This is the fastest I’ve ever clicked on a STW video fr. So glad he’s back.
So is it back? Is it it finally time?
SCYTT
I missed you
welcome back man!
HES DUCKING BACK
When the world needed him the most    He returned with glory!
Hail to the king, baby!
This videos been posted for Six minutes and has almost 3000 comments ?? Damn
oh cool he's back
Defunctland, SummoningSalt, and finally the return of Scott the Woz all uploading within the same week. Blessed times.
WHEN THE WOZ
IVE BEEN HAVING WITHDRAWALS THANKS FOR RETURNING
HES FINALLY HERE
Wtf where is switch 5 years in
I hate scott the woz
:o
THE KING HAS RETURNED
HE RETUNED
He’s back!!!
THE RETURN OF THE KING
When the world needed him most, he returned
Donkey Kong Barrel Blast.
OMG MOM HES BACK
YEEESSSSS. FINALLY another awesome video from you
YEEESSSS HE HAS RETURNED
As the description states, Scott is the chosen one.
HE'S BACK
Woooooo
4 months… 4 months too long
Welcome back king
And when the world needed him the most, he returned.
HE HAS RETURNED!!!🎉🎉🎉
THE FUNNIEST GUY HAS RETURNED TO YOUTUBE!!!
HOLY SHIT HES BACK
4:32 Donk Nukem 3
He will never get those virgin points
Nice
I was worried he like quit or something
Damn that border's looking a bit thicker than normal. Maybe you should get that checked out.
The legend is back yesshhhhhhh
Of all the things to return with for this year of Scott, it's the game that has been fated to get you laid. OH SHIT THE ENDING HAS BEEN FULLY REPLACED BY THE TV VERSION RIP 3D Dot Game Heroes
He returned
He's back!
We back, boys and girls.
Holy shit
OH MY GOD IT HAPPENED
WHOOO
SCOTT IS BACK!!
He lives!
???
3:27 yes (actually I really want a new donkey Kong Country game)
Hey all Scott here felt wierd without a roar of applause after it
HES BACK
HEY ALL SCOTT’S BACK
Wooo! The king is back!!
HE'S BAAAAAAAAAAAACK and still a virgin
HES BACK
When the world needed him most, he returned.  _And he came back stronger than ever._
holy fuck Scott the Woz
YO HES BACK
V-Card B-Gone
glad you're back.
Holy fuck it's Scott the Woz
about time scott pursued his true calling. the whole channel has been leading up to him reviewing barrel blast
Radicalsoda and Scott uploading on the same day? It’s a blessing from the lord!
Hes backs
GUYS HES BACK AND ITS FINALLY BARREL BLAST
LETS GOOOOO
*HE’S BAAAAAACK*
HE’S BACK
This dude gave me borderline forever on my Birthday and this masterpiece the day before.
He's back with a BARREL BLAST
The Return of the King
HE IS BACK
OOH
YESSSS!!!! HE'S BACK BABY!!!
I’ve been checking every day for if you have posted and this was my 4th time checking today and I’m glad I did
The return!!! So hyped!
i love you scott
THIS IS THE BEST BIRTHDAY GIFT I COULD’VE HOPE FOR HE’S BACK!!!
bababooey
The return of the king
RETURN OF THE KING
EOOOOOOO
The hero we need, but not deserve, has returned!!
Wtf is scott the woz?
THE KING RETURNS!!!!!!!
I didn't realize how much I've missed this content until now
I remember when I bought this game, i exchanged it for another gem I had. It must be the most heartbroken I've felt ever. After 5 minutes I knew this was a horrible game and that I had committed a sin.
He hath returned!!!!
Yooooooooooooooo
The legend is finally back let's goooo
Your finally back are you still going to do Nintendo switch 5 years later
Welcome back, king
YESSSSS!!!!
First ‘My Chemical Romance’ comes back, now Scott the Woz. Sensational
The return of the savior
YESS!!!
This is why it took so long, all these time, all these time was DKBB
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Scott Here
You finally remembered your password
Don't be afraid to take any more breaks or time to think and work on anything you want to do, it's always worth it when you don't have to rush and are able take time creating your videos. I love the video already, thanks Scott (:
It's time...
maybe the real nintendo switch five years in video were the friends we made along the way
of course he comes back with barrel blast
Oh my god, he's back, everybody stay calm
WOOOO The man is back 💃
The return of the king
When the world needed him the most, he came back
While Scott returned, those that kidnapped him and subjected him to infinite peppa pig and coco melon videos, are still on the loose.    Keep your eyes open, and good night.
*_The Return of the King_*
“He’s back” -sonic 2
HE HAS RETURNED!!!!!!!
HE’S BACKKKK!!!!
I'm so glad you made a video on this game
YES! I LOVE MY SCOTTY
*OMG! SCOTT'S BACK~!!!!*
HOLY SHIT A SCOTT THE WOZ EPISODE AND ITS 40 MINUTES AND ITS ON DONKEY KONG BARREL BLAST
YESSSS IT’S BEEN 5 MONTHS MA BOIS BACK
Finally!! He returned!!!!
Welcome back Scott the Woz
There's Scott.
First chibi robo now donkey Kong barrel blast next the L button. Edit: Stalin love donkey Kong country tropical freeze
SCOTT IS BACK BAYBEEEE
It's been so long
*HES RETURNED BOYS*
The madman actually did it
NEW SCOTT VIDEO WOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
I remember playing this game as a kid and I thought you had to keep shaking the wii remote and nunchuk not knowing your already at max speed and you can't go faster in the game!
Hey Scott! Talk about Smash clones!
How is he supposed to stay a virgin now?!
The return of the Woz
SCOTT'S ALIVE!!!
HE'S BACK!!!!
HES BACK FROM THE DEAD
HOLY FUCK HES BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He has arrived.
MY FAVORITE WHITE BOY HAS CAME BACK
been a hard few months, good to have you back scott!
It feels so good seeing Scott looking at me in those notifications again
Schrott the Woz is back!!!
He's back neat
Donkey Scott and King K. Woz
THE MESSIAH HAS RETURNED
welcome back scott the woz
“Bee-based software.”
welcome back from the dead sir scott
The Return of the King
It’s been 3000 years.
poggers
Scott is alive
Scott’s Back!!!
Scott uploaded a video again, the day has been saved.
He’s back
YEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
YES
Don’t you hate it when 2007 creates Satan and steals the virginity of all and the game collecting desk virgin has to save the world from an ape?
At last; the king of the blue border has returned.
THE KING IS BACK BABY
Scotts BACK
HEEEEE ISSSS BACKKKK
Great to see a notification of a new video from Scott back with a new video, Welcome back!!
The legend has returned!
I've been waiting for new Scott for 5 months and it finally happens the day after I get my internet shut off cuz I'm too poor to pay my bill. Looks like I'm using up my phones data to watch this. Welcome back Scott.
The legend is back
The best chibi-robo speedrunner is back.
Sundays have returned to normal. Welcome back, Scott.
He is no longer eligible for a V Card.
I need sleep but I got prioritizes
HE UPLOADED
return of the king
Let’s go another Scatt video
hes back!
He’s back the King is back
Lets gooooooo
Scott finally uploading is a graduation gift I'll gladly take
I actually forgot you existed until you came back, now I remember and realized how empty my life was with no sex and no sxott
Well well well, if it isn’t Dunkey, I mean Jontron, I mean Peanut Butter Gamer, I mean AVGN, I mean…hey Scott.
HOLY FUCK SCOTT THE WOZ
HE'S BAACK!!!
Hey Scott, all here
Return of the King
Scott should really start uploading more often
FINALLY HE POSTED
THE MAN IS BACK AT LAST!
When the world needed him most, he Hey All'ed back into our sub feeds
HE IS BACK
Well, what a pleasant surprise. Good thing i didn’t go to sleep before 2:47AM
The man finally returns !To find something he’s been dancing around .The lore has been expanded !
OH MY GOD
Yoshi Is Now Amused.
The legend returns
SCOTT HAS RETURNED
I can tell your trying to get laid by talking about donkey Kong barrel blast
He’s back!!!!!
And when people needed him the most, he came back.
Let’s go he’s  back
HES BACK!!!!
as agent stone said in sonic 2  "HE'S BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!"
I ran up to my mom tears in my eyes pants full of piss, she turned to me and said "it's the barrel blast episode"
The lord has returned
HESSSSS BACKKKKK
When the world needed him most, he played Donkey Kong Barrel blast for the Nintendo Wii.
I'm so happy I could cry.
Can't wait to make Donkey Kong fanart. 😁
What took you so long!
So happy you're back!!!I was afraid we scared you away!
WOOOO YEAH BABY THATS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITIN FOR
hi
FINALLY
It’s awesome baby! He’s back
HES BACKKKK!!
He back
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED 💛
When the world needed him the most, he returned.
Hes back
Hey it's the guy who owns Sonic Jam!
Woohoo he’s back
This is a borderline religious event
Bro we all missed you so much, glad to have the living legend himself back!
There's scott
It's been months, but his voice and gags from last video still echoes in my mind as if it was yesterday... We missed you Scott!
*The Return of the King*
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
HES BACK!
It felt like eternity, but he came back, like a zip lash!
He’s alive!!!
my favourite boy is back
HEY YALL! SCOTT'S BACK!
WOOOOOO BABY
The king has returned!
HE RETURNS
Zamn!
He’s back
HE'S BACK!
RETURN OF THE KING
Wooo new scott the woz. Your odd sense of humor is amazing.
Scott has secretly had sex before. I’m calling it now.
HES BACK!
THE KING IS BACK, WE ALL MISSED YOU AND HOPE YOU'RE DOING WELL SCOTT
I missed you buddy
THE WOZ IS BACK!!!
This is a fire video. Keep the good work up. Love you. Please I abstain from sex as well, Scott.
legend is back
Hey Scott, all here! Missed ya!
HES BACK!!!!!!!
About damn time
Hold off WWIII- new Scott the Woz is here
Guys… um, is this real or am I dreaming for the 100th time?
YAAY! Finally you uploaded!!
bro i've legit graduated since you last posted
It's time to address........ IT
The King is back!!
holy fuck scott the woz
"HEES BAAAAACCK" - Agent Stone from Sonic the Hedgehog 2
YES!!! SCOTT IS BACK!!! AND RESTORING VIRGINITY NO LESS!!!
HE'S BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
1/4 a year. And ofc this is what he's playing
Omg new Scott the woz episode!! No way!!
Oh God he's back with that
He is Back!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
The return of the king
I have this weird thing where I have to lick every new Scott The Woz video I see   DOWNKEY KONG?
HE'S BACK!!! YAY!!!!!
theres scott!
a grand(?)return
Thank you for your videos Scott. Love them so much. Did not realize that it been so long lol
Quick sound the virgin alarm
The return
this game looks so sick back in the day but the bongos are a no go for me i wish they released a normal version of this game
HE'S BACKK
WHERE WERE YOU!?!? 😢 😭 😿 😢
OMG! SCOTT THE WOZ!
HES BACK
He's back
1:34 I have see enough to know where this is going
HES FUCKING BACKKKKK
HES BACK
I've been waiting for this video to happen for what feels like forever. Can't wait to finish watching survivor with the family to give this the attention it deserves.
He’s backkkkk
HE'S BAAACK
hes back!
SCOTT IS BACK FROM HIS BREAK!!
am I dreaming?  is this a new Scott the Woz video? I can't believe it! glad you're back.
he's back
The prophecy has been fulfilled.
Guys drop everything new Scott upload
Glad you returned, dude. Also like how you think sex is a virus and should stay away lol.
Holy fuck Scott the Woz is back!
You're back!!!!
YEEEESSSSSSSSS OH MY GOD
HE'S BAAAAAACK!!
WELCOME BACK SCOTT!!! I can’t wait to watch this!
He's back :D
when the world needed him most, he returned
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
He’s back!!! Tell the towns people! We must celebrate !!!!
You finally made another video.
💗😻 YAY❣️ You’re Back❣️ I Missed You So Much❣️ 😻💗
HE’S BACK!!!
You already got laid, remember? Impact remembers.
Hey there!
The wait is over!!
RETURN OF THE KING
DK, Donkey Kung
He's back! It felt like a year damn
YOOOOOOOOO
The King Returned
there's scott
Love how it’s been 3 minutes and there’s already over 2k comments
holy scotty wozzy
When the world needed him the most, he returns.
THE KING IS BACK
YEAH BABY LETS GOOOOO
Is this the guy who owns Sonic Jam???
Just who is this...scott person?
“Whose numbers have been growing at a sexual pace” made me laugh more than I expected. 🤣
HES BACK
He returned on my birthday
Scott, is 4:10 is just an excuse to talk about Donkey Kong's Ass? 🤔🤔
The return of the king!
LEEEETSAAAA GOOOOOOO
HES BACK SOUND THE ALARM  I've been checking your channel everyday in hopes of your return
The Return of the King
Hes back. Praise Jesus, he gave us our boy back safe and sound
I'll have you know I own two copies of Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast and the anti-virgin of the two cancels each other out
HES BACK
HES ALIVE
WHOOOOO
0:29 AVGN reference?
Hey Scott, All here!
The progidile, the prodigal...my son returns!!
So that's why he left  He was hiding the fact he wasn't a virgin anymore
And when the world needed him the most, he returned.
yayy i wished for his return and he's returned! 💜
So he was just lost in a cave, this explains everything.
Dad has returned with the milk!
A wise man once said "One cannot do wrong, whenever it is Donkey Kong"  That wise man was coincidentally a virgin
The Return
Omg scott i missed you so much
😎🤙👍👍
HE'S BAAACK! I can breathe now.
Dokey kog\
He’s fucking back
The Man, the Myth, the Legend is BACK
YEAHHAHJAJAJAJAHAHAHHAHAHAH
Oh damn is that the guy that owns sonic jam?!
Can't Wait for what this season of Scott the Woz has in store for us!
wheres the usual outro music.
When we needed him the most, he returned
THE LORD IS BACK IM SO GLAD HES ALRIGHT
Oh...released 2 minutes ago. You could've told me he made this five years ago and I'd believe you.
HOORAY! Glad to see you back Scott! Hope you had a good break, looking forward to the future whatever it might be!
Holy fuck Scott the Woz
The Legend Returns
Holy fuck, he lives.
Long have we waited  At last Wozniak has awoken from his slumber
Somehow, he looks even younger than before lol
DONKONG BARBL
Glad you’re back bud
Welcome back Scott!! Hope your break was good and now it's time to break the curse of DK Barrel Blast
scotts back!!!
This is a blessing
Oh FUCK! I knew something Scott related must have happened as soon as I realized my virginity came back!
Wow 3 minutes old and 10k views. People have missed Scott…
Yay Scott is back
Scott's back with a 40 minute video 👀
Unvirgin game (real)
YESSS DUDE
HES BACK
scot
Omg it he
ITS A NATIONAL HOLIDAY Y'ALL🎉🎉🎉
We found Scott!
uploaded 2 mins ago and 4.1k likes and 10k views - somethings off
The Legend Returns
You never realize how much you miss someone till they’re gone, I really needed this.
Scott returns!~
Anyone heard black star by elvis
Holy fuck Scott the woz
Bro it’s crazy that when I remembered this channel existed I searched it up I found this video when it was uploaded a minute ago
He’s Back He’s Back He’s Back He’s back!!!!!  Let’s F___ing Go!!!!
more like scott the schnozz lol. big W
The king is back
😎☕️
He's back!
Finally
He's back
HE’S BACK!!!!
YES HE'S BACK!
Holy shit, is that a Scott the Woz upload?
I'm so happy that I might cry. Welcome back!
no way
So this is why I felt my virginity senses tingling
I have never been more excited for a YouTube video before. I've been waiting for this for so long
RETURN OF THE KING
I dont know why I was expecting scott to have a beard lol
HE'S BACK!!!!
NEW SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOO i honestly thought this was an old video in my recommendations until i looked @ the "2 minutes ago" and GASPED lmao
Yo he’s back
Finally!
Holy FUCK Scott the Woz
it's only been two minutes and already there's over 2000 comments.I can take a guess that everyone is ready?
The return
THE RETURN
holy fuck Scott the Woz
AYYYYY THERE HE IS
We all missed you Scott, we all missed you
finally
WOOOOOOO
I've been asking myself where Scott's been for the last 20 years. So happy to have another masterpiece.
Me and my friend were LITERALLY talking about missing his episodes about an hour ago. You're welcome everyone.
HE’S BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
THIS MAN IS NO LOVER A VIRGIN. HE TALK ABOUT DONKEY KONG BARREL BLAST FOR MORE THEN 10 MINUTES!
The virgin has returned!
He's back!
he’s finally BAAAACK
I guess I’ll just miss sleep
A YOUTUBE NOTIFICATION HAS NEVER MADE ME THIS HAPPY
Wow. I can’t believe it’s been so long since we’ve seen Donkey Kong again. Glad he’s doing well
We missed you man!
Return of the king
donke
The Return of the King 👑
Glad to see you back Scott! I hope you had a good break!
OOOOO
WELCOME BACK KING
no way
Yay! I'm so excited to watch this!
The Return of The King
My Sunday nights are normal again!
YOOOOO
HE'S BAAAAAAAAAACK
LETS FUCKING GO
Yay Scott the woz is back
donkey .
RETURN OF THE KING!!! LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!!!
HES BACK!!!!
You can tell how bad we wanted this video when there are over 2,000 comments in the first 2 minutes of him posting it
is the border thinner?
THE BOI IS BACK
In this time of day, we could always use A Scott The Woz video
Pog
HE'S BACK!
I think I just shat my pants.
He’s back baby!
The poor fool can only find the true cure by playing and beating Jungle Beat
The Woz is back!!
THE LEGEND RETURNS
Longest 119 days of my life
FINALLY I'VE MISSED HIM SO MUCH!! (I hope there's still a weekly schedule and we don't have to wait as much between the last episode of this year and the first episode of next year as we have for this hiatus because I've rewatched every goddamn video at this point.)  Thank you so much Scott. I hope you're doing okay <3
i love scott the wozniak
He’s back
The return of the king
he is risen
HES BACK
In a time of desperation and need, Scott Wozniak has finally returned from his hiatus cave with a nearly 40-minute banger of a video on a fucking Donkey Kong spinoff that has been a running joke here. Well done Scott, well done
Scott Moment!1!!!
I was gonna watch Chip n Dale Rescue Rangers tonight, but I have priorities.
Scott: *uploads a new video*  Me: it's enough to make a grown man cry
Well. He's back. That's all.
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Legends never die!
thank you for saving me from killing myself with your upload scott the woz
He was playing donkey kong barrel blast all along
scotts back
I almost had a heart attack with this Notif LETS GOOOO!!!
big kang
OMG!
God
So this is what took him so long
Welcome back!!!
WHEN THE WORLD NEEDED HIM MOST HE CAME BACK
My life without Scott has been bleak
damn, should have gotten more bongos for all those Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast copies
hi scott
Holy shit boys  its here  the return of the king
Wohooo
Hey look it’s Scrumpy the Wazoo
I NEVER THOUGHT I WOULD SEE THE DAY
THE PROPHECY
youre not dead!
Holy shit a wild Woz appeared on my timeline.
babe wake up new scott the woz video
Oh shiiiiiiiit. It's that guy that gets mad at Nintendo or whatever. Blue border is nice.
When the world needed him most, he returned.
Finally.
Holy shit, i was just thinking where has Scott been lately and literally seen this link right after. crazy.
He went to get milk.
RETURN OF THE KING
I feel like Eggmans assistant in Sonic 2 the movie… because……        HE’S BAAAAAAAAAAAAACK
NO FUCKING WAY
He returned with a big ol barrel blast!
He’s Back!!!
SCOTT  I’M A BANANA
Are v-cards revoked if you play Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast? Serious question.
WOOOOOOOOOO YEAH BABY THATS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THATS WHAT ITS ALL ABOUT WOOOOOO
SDCOTT
5 months later, he returns in absolute glory
Holy fuck i was just rewatching your videos
Yessssss
RETURN OF THE KING BABY
Didn't know a wii game could have nsfw lore
38 MINUTES ALSO UR SPOILING US OMGGG TJABL U THANK U THANK Y
me watching a wiiware scott the woz video and had a heart attack when a notification came up with a new video!! the wiiware gods have smiled upon us
Return of the king
HE HAS RETURNED
"Holy fuck, Scott the Woz"     -Museum Goer
HES BACK
NEW SCOTT THE WOZ
HE’S BACK!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Let's goo!!!!!
Holy shit, Scott's back!
He’s alive!!!
Return of the king.
HE'S BACK!
The return of the king
THE GLORIOUS RETURN
When I got the notification there was instantly almost 2k comments
SCOTT!
THE RETURN OF THE KING
I was literally just think about your channel
He's back, baby!
Hes talking about the virginity ender!
awesome
The Return of The King
Great to have you back buddy!
Crying rn
The story of the virgin repellent
The return of the king
Literally screamed
The world is officially healing, the legend has returned to us in our time of need
"And when the world needed him most, he returned"  In all seriousness, I'm glad you took some time for yourself man.
Oh shit its that white dude with a lot of fling smash copies that are wet.
donkey kong funny
THE PRODIGAL SON HAS COME HOME. WELCOME BACK SCOTT!!!!!
Welcome home, my son.   My God, look at you. You've gotten so big. You grew out your hair. Let's go fishing and catch up, maybe play some Madden on Xbox 360. I know it's your favorite. My baby Scott is all grown up 😭😭
Finally
*HE LIIIIIIVES!!!*
THE RETURN OF THE KINGGGG
I just subbed today and then I got the notification for this while watching another one of his video. The timing of this is insane!
HES BACK
OH MY GOD NEW SCOTT NEW WOZ IVE MISSED THIS GUY
Glad to have you back, Scott! This was DEFINITELY worth the wait.
He's returned! Welcome back, Scott!!!
AAAAAAAA
Yaaaay welcome back
Let’s GOOOOOOO
DONKEY KONG BARELL BLAST ME SCOTT
Return Of The King
scott woz
You dropping a new video feels like Kendrick dropping new music after 5 years
YESSSSSS
!
Hail the King
Holy shit!!!
*Sees a Scott the Woz video went up one minute ago M. Bison: YES!!! YES!!!
Welcome back king
HE’S BACK
HE'S BACK BOYS!!
Finally Scott's back I've been waiting to watch more of his shenanigans for months
Welcome back, Scott! Saw your twitter, glad you've been taking time for yourself, we all need it from time to time
This guy is the only person I use for the meme "When the world needed him the most, he returned"
he has returned  what secrets of Nintendo past do you have for us oh great pale lord
RETURN OF THE KING
He’s back?
SCOTT
THE PERFECT WAY TI END THE WEEKEND
Scott’s back let’s fucking goooooooo
YOOOOOOO
Aaaaa woooo Wait what about five years of Nintendo switch
Hi Scott!
HE LIVES
Scatt has returned
I love how the very minute he published the video, there was already 1.6k comments.
THE KING IS BACK
He’s back with a vengeance
RETURN OF THE KING
Dude I was literally just searching your channel up wtf
YOU DESERVED IT!!!! U AMAZING
When Scott comes back, he comes back strong
He has risen.
Scott is back
Holy sh*t it's Scott the woz
HE'S BACK
HOLY FUCK AN UPLOAD PRAISE JOHN “REGGIE” MADDEN
Kept us waiting, huh?
There he is.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Finally, a new Scott episode!!!!
GEX/10 BEST RETURN OF THE YEAR
Me and my friends have been doing rituals and sacrifices to summon Scott back
first
I MISSED HIM SO MUCH
Thank the man Jesus Christ himself. Scott is back!
Scott where have you been. You have been for 3 months you were gone for so long I actually got decent grades on my report card
OMG HES BACK
I think I’ve heard about this “Barrel Blast” thing in the Book of Revelations.
holy FUCK scott the woz
Time to see why the E10+ rating was established…
HES BACK
When the world needed him most, he returned! Glad to see you back, acclaimed TV star Scott the Woz tm!
This video raised my virginity up to 625%.   I love how Scott can make the best videos ever out of the worst stuff ever made. He could make a whole video about oxygen in gaming and I'd still enjoy the heck out of it
bro i saw this video pop up on my notifications and when meh... OHHHHH
Y’all he’s back!
Love ya scott
SCOTT I LOVE YOU WELCOME BACK
IM SCREAMINGGGGG
HES BACK
Oh but he's back he's the man behind the blue boarder and he's out of control
holy fuck scott the woz
He's back
I thought Scott was dead, BUT HE FINALLY RETURNED
After Scott’s long break he blessed us with the greatest comeback in YouTube history
welcome back, best youtuber "scott "t." woz"
Yoooooooo
WE MISSED YOU SCOTT
**types in excited**
HE DID IT
This saved my weekend
Oh my Gosh
A GOD AS RETURNED FROM UP ABOVE
*HE’S BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACK!*
HE'S BAAAAAACK!!!!!!!
HE'S BACK!!!
HEEEEEE’S BAAAAAACK!!!!!!
buncha 2's in the upload date. Wack.
YEAH BUDDDDDDYYYYY
finally after so long      Another video
Scott coming back is like an old friend coming back. So hyped for Season 6!
The Return of the King
GLAD YOU TOOK A BREAK THO
I'm so glad Scott is back and talking about the best wii game of all time!
Bro it’s crazy how I found this video when it was uploaded a minute ago
The Myth. The Legend. The Wozniak. Has Returned.
Bro I literally closed the door to go to bed and YouTube goes off, I love your videos Scott but good damn now I'm staying up to watch 🤣
Can we talk about how barrel blast is one of the most unexplored parts of scott the woz lore
YEAHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!!!!
THE LEGEND HAS ARISES ONCE AGAIN
Hi Scott I Love You
THE RETURN OF THE KING
The legend is back. With a vengeance.
HOLY SHIT HES BACK! THIS IS EXACTLY WHAT I NEEDED! This past week I've fallen back into how my depression used to be with having no energy to do anything, no motivation, ect and this is exactly what I needed to cheer me up! Thanks Scott!
Of all the games, it had to be this one. At least it isn't Sonic Spinball
Woooo
Welcome back, king. We’ve missed you, and your omnipresent blue border.
A new Scott the Woz on the day Kelsey and I Graduated Olentangy Local Schools at the Graduation Ceremony!Awesome!
IT'S BEEN TEN TRILLION YEARS
A long awaited gift from above
Hey scott, just wanted to say that i love your vids! So glad you’re back!
HES BACK HOLY SHOT
Return of the king
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Our lord hath returned. Scott the Woz finally posted a new video.
wait where is 5 years in
HELL YEAH THE ECONOMY MAN IS BACK
THIS WAS WORTH THE WAIT
HE LIVES
Finally, a new upload
The Return of the King
Just in time for Monkeypox.
But when the world needed him most...  _He _*_returned._*
When the world needed him the most  he returned At least 50% of the comments
HE'S BACK
Flanksteak
I've missed this channel!
HE HAS RETURNED!!!
🗿
Oh my god he’s back
I was watching borderline forever and then I got this  as a Notification
The lord of sonic jam returned to his throne.
HE'S BACK
LET'S GO
Welcome back Scott!
Holy fuck Scott the Woz
So happy you’re back, Scott! With a video about DK: Barrel Blast no less! <3
HE’S BACK!
It's alive!
THE WORLD IS FINALLY WHOLE AGAIN  Edit: Honestly, this is actually one of the  best Scott the Woz scripts I’ve ever seen, it’s really funny
HES BACK THANKS GOD
You know I was just thinking where this man is because of his hiatus. Well now I know today.
Hi Scott
HI SCOTT I MISSED YOU SO MYCH
“When the world needed him the most he vanished”. I have never clicked on a notification so fast welcome back
Missed you, Scott
Gone for 3 months and comes back with Donkey Kong Barrel Blast. What a Scott thing to do. Missed you and your glorious work
Yo! This video came out on my birthday!
this is a mirage? Scat is back!!!
YOUR BACK SCOTT
He has returned let's gooo!
THE WOZ IS AMONG OZ
RETURN OF THE KING
Ladies and Gentlemen, He’s Finally Returned
plugging my girlfriend’s album because I’ll wait to watch this until I see her next. stream dream library by dream library on all major music services if you like electronic ambient and post punk and whatever else she threw in there
YESSS
HE'S BACK!!!
WAKE UP BABE A NEW VIDEO IS OUT
Holy shit Scott the Woz
THE KING IS BACK!!!
HES BACK
HE HAS RETURNED!!!
I haven't heard the phrase hey all scott here in 84 years
wake up babe new scott the woz video
He did it... after all these years he actually did it.
I’ve never felt such joy hearing the words “Hey all Scott Here” ever again
HES BACKKK!!!! LETS FUCKING GOOOO!!!!!
HES BACK
I NEVER THOUGHT ID SEEN IT WITH ME OWN EYE, SCOTT THE WOZ IN 2022
SSSSCCCOOOOTTTTTTT
HE'S BACK!!
I've been waiting for this for so long!!
excuse my French but LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO
RETURN OF THE KING
first
HE'S BACK
Honey, get out the fine China!
Finally a new episode of Scoot the woz. I been waiting 5 months.
Woooo he’s back
I was binging Scott videos all day because I really missed his uploads. I’m so happy!
YESSSS
HOLY SHIT SCOTT THE WOZ
HE IS BARREL BLASTING
I'm so happy to see you
LET'S GOOO
Holy hell, 1.5k comments in 15 seconds. We missed you scott 🙂
HE’S BACK!!
Finally. He is back. I thought he would never come back
Welcome back, Scott!! 🤓💙
HOOBOGOGOGOGOGO
HE HAS RETURNED!!!!
ITS SCOTT HE RETURNS YES
Welcome back!
YESSSS SCOTS BACK
123 Go
👑👑👑👑👑👑👑👑
WOOOOOOOOOOOO, HES BACK BITCHES
SCOTT IS BACK!
Here's Scott
Holy shit, it’s Scott the Woz
stop scrolling when this legend is speaking
He’s back
Scott isn't the hero we deserve, but the hero we need.
So happy you’re getting back into the YouTube game. Welcome back.
Nature is healing
When we needed him most, he came back with an astounding "hey all".  We missed you so much man!  Edit : I did an oops.
Welcome back Scott! While it is so so so good to have you back, please please please don't overwork yourself and try to have fun with your friends and family! With that being said, if you are still wanting to put out content, I am more than happy to watch!
no way
Scott's back woooo!  ❤️❤️ Hope you're doing well!
My barrel is blasting right now
FINALLY
THE ICOOOON
Welcome back king!
For a second, I thought you died. Great to have you back
HE IS BACK LET'S GOOO
return of the virgin
He finally did it
Scott, I'm so happy to see you! (: I hope all has been well, been missing you buddy.
1 minute and already 1.5 K. goddamn
FINALLY  Edit: New outro song?
Donkey Kong may be the king of the apes, but Scott the Woz is the king of the greats.
I Thought he was gone
RETURN OF THE KING!
HE'S BACK YES!!!!
Hey Scott! All here.. and we are so happy to be!
So the long awaited tale of Scott has returned
I wiped and there was blood
HES BACK!!!!!!!
Oh shit scotts back lesgoo
Glad to have you back man!
OH SHIT ITS FINALLY HERE GUYS DO NOT PANIC I REPEAT DO NOT PANIC
Yesssss he returns❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
The wozzothy Scottothy has arrived
HES BACK
The return of the King
SCOTT THE WOOOOOOOZ   HELLLLLLL YEAHHHHH BABY
wake up babe, new scott the woz video just dropped
THE RETURN OF THE DAMN KING! AND HE COMES BEARING BARREL BLAST!
HE’S BACK
Wow! An upload! I was starting to think the next video would be from his future son Earl jr!
Whoever writes "first" has naver played Donkey Kong Barrel Blast
Glad to have you back Scott the woz 👏🏼
WELCOME BACK KING!!!!!!!
holy fucking shit, this is not a drill. I repeat this is NOT A DRILL
Omg it’s Madden 08 2
He’s back and not talking about virginity that’s for sure
The day of prophecy has finally come!
Never clicked on a notification so fast before
the return of the king
Holy shit
HE’S BACK!
he finally made a specific video about it
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Yo everyone, Scott’s back!  And with the fabled Donkey Kong Barrel Blast video!    Now to wait for the Glover video
It's been 3,000 years...
THE KING IS BACK!!!!!!!
Somehow I feel nostalgic
Finally Life's been pretty tough without Scott The Woz
OMG
THE CHOSEN ONE IS BACK
HE LIVESSSSSSS!!!
YOOOO
Return of the King!
RETURN OF THE KING
SCOTT'S BACK
The return of the king
Finally, the world is cold and lonely no longer.
Talk about a coincidence!! I was watching video game box art and here he comes!!! Happy to see you Scott!
New Scott the Woz?! Am I dreaming?
Return of a legend, my Sundays will be the most anti-sex they’ve been in months!!
This is the best day of my life
First dislike!
HE IS HERE
Cool to see you back
I swear switch year 5 better be next
He has returned
I MISSED YOU SO MUCH SCOTTTTTT!!!!!!!!
He. Is. Back!
Holy crap you’re alive!
Hol' up little Jimmy. I know you wanted to go to the movies tonight, but Scott the Woz uploaded a video, so shut up and appreciate the fine arts
The legend has awoken from his hibernation
I can already tell I'm in for a good time! Can't wait to see what you've pushed out this time!
OH GOD HE'S HERE!
He is back!!!
the return of the king
Honey come quick! Scott made a new video!
LET'S FREAKING GOOOOOOOOOO!!!!!
He's finally back with the milk
The Return of the King.
hi
THIS IS NOT A DRILL
Brasil
YESAYEHSX&*YEYESHA_{AIORUE(WSOXDKJERDO$t5
RETURN OF THE KING
Wow it's been a while
HES BACK HELL YEAh
3 views, 300 likes, and over a thousand comments.....seems legit....
*RETURN OF THE KING*
Spongebob...is it really you? Finally the great Krabby patty famine is over
Yoo, the he’s back!
Scott please…it’s 2:45 am and I have work tomorrow, why couldn’t you have returned with a 38 minute video on a different night?
The king of the vargins and virgettes has returned!!
Wow FINALLY a new upload!! :))
Oh hell yeah
W
hes back holy shit hes back
The Return of the King
The best game to return to! This is awesome!!
*When we most needed him... he got back*
THE KIIIIING
The king is back
HE’S BACKKK
HES BACK
Holy hell, he returned!
“No one is ever really gone”  -John Star War
Scott u dislike barrel blast what a hero
HES BACK
I'm pogging so hard rn (right now)
rock walls > video game collection
YESSSSSSSS HE'S BACCCCCKKKK YESSSSSSSSSS
HE'S BACK
YEEEEEEESSSSSSS!!!!!!
HES BACK
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAAAAA
IT'S HERE LADS THE COMEBACK
When the world needed him most, he returned
HES BACKKK
LET'S GOOOOOOOO
welcome back Scott, you were missed
LETS FUCKING GOOO
Oh hey Scott’s alive!
We found Scott, and what is he playing? Donkey Kong B*rrel Bl*st. Happy to see your big return! Hope your break was good :)
DK Donkey Kong
HE’S BACK!!!!!! Let’s go!!!!!!!🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
HOLY SHIT
Hello scott
2K Likes in under a minute!
This return is better than Tobey and Andrew’s return in no way home
MORE SCOTT! MORE SCOTT!
THE KING IS BACK
pissing myself
WELCOME BACK
SCOTTTT
Welcome back Scott!!
Scott is back!!!!!!
The notification of this video make me spit my water in a not ironic way
OH FUCK YEAH I LOVE GEX
Welcome back!
Holy shittt
Holy shit, he's back.
HES BACK
THE PROPHECY
The Return!!!!!!!
Scott!
HE'S FINALLY BACK TO KICK SOME TAIL
The Return of the King
the king has return
He’s back!
Yes the ultimate game
He is back!!!!!!
Hes back!!!!
He has returned…
HE HAS RETURNED
Hi scott
Master has returned
Return of the Woz
Oh look who exists
omg yes
Can confirm, played Barrel Blast and now have 27 offspring.
HES BAAAAAAACK
I KNEW THIS DAY WOULD COME
I audibly gasped so fucking loudly when i got this notification IM SO GLAD OUR BOY IS BACK BABYYY
HE'S BACK. AT LONG LAST, THE SCOTT HAS RETURNED.
Heck yeah Scott is back
Holy shit he did it.
this is gonna be a barrel blast
i miss you i need you
THE KING IS BACK, I LITERALLY SCREAMED WHEN I GOT THE NOTIFICATION
HE'S BACK
When Scott returns  I yell; No DoNkEy!!!!!
Been a while glad your back
HES BACK, AND WITH A BARREL BLAST
SCOTT I LOVE YOU AND MISSED YOU THANK GOD YOUR BACK BUDDY
B E A N S
Ayeeee he’s back!
I’m shit my pants he’s back
Yes!  Scott is back!  Rejoice!
WHAT
Glad to see you back!
Haven’t seen you upload in a while
IT'S BEEN SO LONG SINCE I'VE HEARD A "Hey All, Scott Here"
This is what happens when you play chibi robo ziplash
I’ve been waiting all year for this one
This shit better get on trending
Wow, Scott! I've missed you!
THE DAY HAS COME. HE HAS RETURNED.
NEW SCOTT THE WIZ
It's a "Scott uploads after 3 months" kinda day, isn't it?
HES BACK
the legend returned when we needed him most
NO FUCKING WAY HE'S BACK
Return of the King.
WOOOO
finally
LET'S GO
Thank god the border didn’t consume him
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
HE’S FINALLY BACK. PREFORMING FOR YOU. IF YOU OWN SONIC JAM. YOU CAN JOIN IN TOO.
He's finally back!
OH MY GODDDDDD!!!
donk kong
HES BACK HELL FUCKING YEAG
Leave it to Scott to make a 38 minute video about Barrel Blast
He's baaaaack
When we needed him most he returns
HE’S BACK
Yes finally
Finally back
.
HES BACK I LOVE YOU
Look who’s back missed you scott
Finally, after so many reference to it, he finally reviews Donkey Kong: Barrel Blast, destroyer of virginity
Welcome back Scott
The return of the king.
Holy shit wott the scoz is back
Holy frick, Scott the woz?
Holy Shit he’s back
*OH NO NO NO NO!!! WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT WAIT!!*
Scott that face makes me so happy. Hey y’all small boy big now
You have our support Scott! So glad you’ve had some time to get back to the people important to you!
He has returneeeed!
FINALLY!!!
He’s back
This video says it 3 views and 11 like
IT HASN’T EVEN BEEN SECONDS AND THERE’S ALREADY ONE THOUSAND COMMENTS
THE RETURN
the return
Skizzle wozzizzle
RED ALERT SCOTT IS BACK
this notification just made me SO happy
I’m glad to see you back!
Finally a new upload  im so happy
When the world needed him most, he returns. Also I clicked this link faster than the speed of sound
Return of the King
He is back!
15 Seconds in already 1 million views 💯💯💯
First
HE’S BACK, BABYYYY
I'm scared
Gay
HE BACK FR
“It’s been 3000 years”- AZ Pokémon xy
God has returned!
Damn Scott it’s been a while
It has been too long, welcome back man
New Scott the Woz?? Nice! Oh no the song changed
Now this is cinema
He’s baaaack!
HE'S BAAAAAAAACK
The long awaited return! The Blue Border man as finally arrived!
HES BACK
WOOOOOO RETURN OF THE KING
Hes back !!!! Everybody party at my place!!!
Yooo!! Scott’s back!
HES BACK AND WITH UNVIRGINITY THE GAME
This Dude
43 views 46 seconds ago... and 918 comments! What!?
For the first time YouTube notifications didn't disappointed me!!!
Finally is back
ain't i early for this glorious return.
HES BACK AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
the legend returns….
He’s back more virgin than ever
LETS GO SCOTT I MISSED YOU
Return Of The King
HE FUCKING LIVES  43 VIEWS 50 SECONDS CLUB
ITS A MIRACLE, SCOTTS ALIVE
I clicked this vid so fast
THE RETURN OF THE KING !!!
HE LIVES!!!!!
I didn’t realize today was a holiday
Made in time Bois the 3 month wait was well worth it, all hail the almighty DK
The legend is back!
HEY ALL
He has risen!
You can’t escape making a video on Fling Smash forever, Mr Woz
:)
He returns!!!
HE'S BACK
THE KING HAS FINALLY MADE HIS COMEBACK
He has returned
The anti virgin
Honestly, the wait was worth it.
And right when the world needed him most, he returned
WELCOME BACK
It hasn’t been a minute and there’s already 900 likes ?!?!
Our boy is back!!!!
Damn, I was just yesterday thinking of where Scott has gone, longing for his return, rewatching the Controllers video three times in a row. And by God we got him. Thanks, Scott!
HES BACK!!!
YO
THE KING HAS RETURNED
HOLY SHIT, HE'S BACK!!!
Return of the King (2003)
HE'S BACK!!!!
HES BACK!!!
This says a lot. That is all.
The king has returned
WHAT
The king has returned from the dead after many moons.
LEGAND IS BACK
Lest gooooooo Scott’s back
DUDE WE'RE ALL SO GLAD YOU'RE BACK IT'S BEEN MONTHS IT'S LIKE SEEING YOUR DAD COME BACK FROM THE MILITARY THIS IS SUCH AN EVENT
It’s been to long
OH MYGOD
After mentioning barrel blast every single week he’s Finnaly talking about for 38 minutes
Hello Mr the woz
Bro where have you been
The opposite of virginity
Welcome back Scott
First
Return of the king
He's finally back
YOOOOOOOOOO SCOTT THE WOZ NEW UPLOAD
Babe wake up Scott's back
The Return of the King: Barrel Blast
Holy shit, Scott The Woz
FINALLY HE HAS RETURNED
Wearing my sunday best for this video
When the World needed him most.. He returned...
HE IS ALIVE
Welcome back Scott I hope your doing well!
My first time being early for a Scott the woz video, feels phenomenal
FINALLY
LETS  FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
Oh hell yeah my addiction is back
The Scott is back, emergency Gex night!
HE'S FINALLY BACK
WELCOME BACK KING SCOTT
Bro is back!!!!
Holy shit scott the woz
AYO NEW SCOTT VIDEO?!?
Scott!
HE RETURNS!   bruh you were gone so long I had time to realize I was trans
When the world needed him most..     ..HE RETURNED!😱
Babe wake up, SCOTT JUST UPLOADED A NEW VIDEO!!! 😱😎🥳🥳
Blessed be the lord has returned
he’s home
YESSSSS FINALLY ITS BEEN 5 MONTHS
LETS GO! HE'S BACK!
The legend has returned
HE'S BACK
Fun Fact: Hey y'all, Scott is back!!!
The return of the king
Its good to have you back we missed you Scott
HE HAS RETURNED
Hey all
The man is back in town.
HES BACK
HE’S BACK!!
Wooo
Finally he has uploaded
You actually posted 😯
Nice to see you back.
I’m so happy to see you back! Thanks for being a great content creator!
Hi
HES BACK LETS FREAKING GO
scottish
The legend himself returns with his greatest masterpiece yet
where is the 5 years in the nintendo switch
Todays a good day
HE'S BACKKKKK!!!!!!
The KING’S BACK and roasting donkey kong’s ass.
I MISSED YOU
This is the most fitting way he could return
At the fandom’s darkest moment:  He returns.
He’s finally back!
HI SCOTT
The King has Returned!!!
THE WOZ IS BACK BABY!!!!
the king is back
scott moment
Holy shit. -inhales- HHEEEEEESSSSS BAAAAAAAAAACCCCCCCCCCCKKKKKKKKKKKKKK!!!!!!1!!!1!
Scott’s back. The world is at peace
He’s back
The king has returned.
oh thank god he isn't dead
NO WAY
Return of the king
He’s back!
HE HAS RETURNED
Holy shiiiit
👁️👄👁️
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
YOU’RE BACK!!!!!
The legend is back. Guess he was just gone spelunking the whole time. Sounds about right.
Damn bro I thought u died
He hath returned. Rejoice all, Scott is here.
SCOTT IS BACK I REPEAT SCOTT IS BACK
So is he still a virgin or....?
The King has returned!
HES BACK
YEAHHHHHH LETS GOOO
At last!!!!
He's back!!!
The King is back!
Oh god….. hell never be a virgin at this rate.
HE HATH RETURNED
HES BACK!!!!!
SCOTT IS OKAY
Yo sonic jam owner is back
OMG YOU ARE ALIVE!
At last, another Scott the Woz episode. As beautiful as the day I lost it
HE'S BACK
THE KING HAS RETURNED!!!
Holy crap it’s scart the boz
Finally
I’ve seen you’ve came back
Hey all! Scott’s back!
HE'S BACK!!!!!!
Finally
I stopped everything I was doing
SCOTT I WAS JUST FUCKIN LISTENING TO MINECRAFT MUSIC
THE KING IS BACK
Wozniak Moment
HE'S BAAAAAAAAAAACK LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOOOOO
<3
I was just wondering where our boy was at
He remembered his YouTube password
welcome back scott :D
He Did it he returned
When I got the notification I screamed “DONKEY KONG!” completely unaware it was a new Scott the Woz episode
It's time
THE RETURN
YOOO
Cool, he's back.
Almost every game series has tried a racing game and it was either amazing or so bad that no one ever wants to speak of it again
The king is back!
The grand return
Im crying
return of the king
IT'S FUCKING SCOTT THE WOZ
HES BAAACCCKK
He's back!!!!!!
The king returns, and he returns with the game that will always get you laid.
Thank the game lords that we have him back !!!!!!!!
NO WAYYYY ITS BEEN 3000 YEARS!!! THE KING HAS RETURNED!
46 seconds ago. And I am HERE for it.
YYYYEEESSSS
-2000 Virgin Points Scott cmon you know this
the king returns
The return of the kong
Glad your back
The man returns!
THE WOZ IS BACK!!
Hey, It’s Scott The Woz; the guy who owns Sonic Jam!
We miss you, Scott. Welcome back.
BABY WAKE UP! NEW SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO! HE'S GOING TO LOSE HIS VIRGINITY
It is alive
HE'S BACK
HES BACK
He back
SCOTT
THE RETURN OF THE KING
wut
LET'S GO! I was just rewatching borderline forever on the eve of the anniversary!
HOLY SHIT GUYS HE POSTED, HE POSTED
LETS GOOOOOO
HES BACK
He has returned
LETS GO
HES BACK
WELCOME BACKKKK
TIME TO GET LAID WITH DONKEY KONG BARREL BLAST
The prodigal son has returned
He’s back
Return of the woz
HE'S BACK
HE'S BACK
what Scott is alive?
It Has Started
Yesssss
The legend has returned!
Scott the lord has come back
"When the world needed him most, he returned..."
In our time of need…
Im the first to comment
Holy shit its scott the woz
He's back the king is back
YOOOOOO HES BACKK
he’s back
real
HE HAS RETURNED
THE RETURN OF THE KING!!!!
DONKY KONG?!
HES BACK FINALLLLYYYYYYYY AAAAAAAAAA
YESSSSSS
The Legend is back, for a limited time only!
… the return of the king
HES BACKKK
The return of the king
The return of the king
HES BACK!!!
FINALLY SCOTT IS BACK
Hey virgins!
HE’S BACK!!!
When the world needed him most, he came back! Also, First.
No sex tonight, babe, sorry. Scott The Woz just uploaded.
Scott is back! SCOTT IS BACK!!! THIS IS NOT A DRILL!!!
I guess Scott was too busy having sex
I’ve waited 3 months for this moment!
Ooooh he’s alive
Yeaaaaaah baby he's back
Hes Back! to play some games that suck ass... oops wrong guy
Oh shit
He’s alive
Hooray my depressions cured!!!
This is the last thing I could expect you to come back to lol
HE’S BACKKKKKKK
The Return of The King
HEEEEE'SSS BAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAACKK!!!!!!!!!
He's back!!! The man, the myth, the legend!
The King has returned
return of the king
I'm trans and I love all of you people. You're all cute
I've never clicked on a notification so fast before
SCOTTYYYYYYYY
HES BACK!!!! Hey Scott, all here!!!!
he has returned
OH MY GOD ITS A CHRISTMAS MIRACLE, HES BACK!!!
HES BACK
It’s been years… now, when we needed him most, he returned.
The king has arisen once more
SCOTT FINALLY UPLOADED
GUESS WHOS BACK!!!
HE'S BACK
He's back 😱
The return of the king!
I was about to get laid, but this is more important.
This is the perfect return, Scott can finally talk about the game that denied him his v card
he's back
This video is beautiful, it's amazing to see how far Scott has come.
Finally, he is back
OH MY GOD HE’S BACK
The arrival
He's backl
HEA BACK
HES BACK!!!
Oh my god, he’s finally back.
MOM WAKE UP SCOTT POSTED
OMGGG
your back. ❤❤❤
It’s here. IT’S FINALLY HERE!
The king has returned 👑
Finally a hit of the good stuff
Welp, all it took was looking at the video title to lose all my virgin points. Thanks for nothing, Scott.
return of the king
Ayy welcome back! 😎
Yay, welcome back
IT'S BEEN A WHILE, FINALLY
HE’S BACK
Yeeeesssss
When the world needed him most, he returned with a banger.
OMFG HES BACK
When we needed him most, he returned.
He has risen
a theatre-worthy premiere, an incredible comeback
I have never clicked on a video faster in my life
He’s back!!!
WOOOOH HE'S BACK
FINALLY
He's back!
he finally got laid
HES BACK
Our lord and saviour returns!
Hey guys, back here!
Thank God he's finally back
Hahaha. Sup homie??
ITS ABOUT TIME
YESSSS
HOLY SHIT HE'S ALIVE
:’)
Return of the kong
I gasped so fucking loudly when I saw you uploaded again!
HE’S BACK
He’s baaaaaaaaaaack
THE SAVIOR HAS RETURNED
And here I was looking just yesterday for a new upload lol
HE LIVES 🙏
HE'S BACK
RETURN OF THE KING
But what about the virgins???
I was just watching you as this notification popped up
I’ve waited a long time for this.
It's been 80 years...
Yooooo
He's backkkk
REJOICE! HE’S ALIVE!
WELCOME BACK
He back
The king has returned.
YES!!!
We missed you scott
IS THAT SCOTT THE WOZ?!
Return of the king
OH MY GOD! Okay it’s happening, everyone stay calm!
1. Scott's back 2. SCOTT'S BACK 3. GETTING LAID THE VIDEO GAME?
WHAT THE F*&%
Curse
HE'S FINALLY HERE PERFORMING FOR YOU
Donkey kong
He’s backk
Finally! A new video!
ITS YOU!!!!
Hey Scott, All Here!
WTF I was not expecting this now I’m crying
The only game you can get laid with
wait was he gone or something
"Scott is the chosen one" What is that about....
DANG IT, WE ARE FINALLY BACK!
manz kept us waiting
The king has returned
HE’S BACK!!!!!!!!!!!
THE RETURN OF THE WOZ
The Return Of The King
He’s back
He’s back!!!!
I never realized four months felt so long, it’s like a third of a year has gone by with no Scott
He's back
He returns bless the gods
SCOTT HERE!
THE KING IS BACK!!!
LETS GOOOOOOO
About time
Bois he came
Scott the woz!!!!!!!
The Virgin King is back
When we needed him most, he returned we've missed you king
The king had returned
THE RETURN OF THE KING
The King Returns
FINALLY, SCOTT THE WOZ NEW VIDEO
The Return of the king
PAPCORN IS READY!!!
He’s Back!!!!!!!!!
HE’S BACCCCCKKKKK
He's back!!!!!!!!!!!
He has returned The prophecy was true
Babe wake up, new Scott the woz video.
HOLY SHIT SCOTT UPLOADED
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Glad you’re back, Scott! Hope you’re having a great day, can’t wait to watch this one!
The fastest I click on a video
SCOTT UPLOAD!!!!
OH LAWD HE'S BACK YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Holy shit new Scott video
THE RETURN!!!
HE'S BACK!!!!!
THE KING HAS RETURNED
he's back!!!
FINALLY
He's back lfg
WELCOME BACK
THERE HE IS!!!
Welcome back from your well deserved break Scott!
The king is back
The Return of the King
HE'S BACK
HE HAS FINALLY RETURNED AFTER MONTHS AND MONTHS
Return Of The King!!!!!!
He's back!!!
Scott, we’ve missed you, bro.
He’s back!!!
Finally the goat Is back!
HES BACKKKK
HE IS BACK
ITS HAPPENING ITS HAPPENING EVERYBODY STAY CALM STAY CALM STAY FUCKING CALM
He’s back
HEY SCOTT IM HERE I NEED THERAPY
After so long, the man, the Woz, Scotty Totty posted
The king...has returned!
He’s back and better than ever!
HES BACK!!!!!
The Return of the King
YOOOOOO
He’s back baby collage hoops
Oh he’s back
Return of the king
AHHHHHHHH!!!!!
BABE WAKE UP SCOTT THE WOZ JUST POSTED
YES HES BACK
THIS IS NOT REAL. IM DREAMING. THERES NO WAY.
I was literally just thinking today about how it's been a while since Scott posted!
Holy shit no way
THE PRODIGAL TWINK HAS RETURNED
scott's back!
SCOTT IS ALIVE!
And when the world needed him most, he returned
There’s no other game that could have been Scott’s return
Finally 😌
HES BACK
YEAHHHHHHH
JESUS F CHRIST HE'S BACK!
THE GOD IS BACK
HE’S BACK
Ayyyyyyyyyy he’s back! I hope you’re doing alright!
Holy shet
ladies and gents, he's back
Yay new episode
HE'S HERW
He's back
Finally! A new Scott the Woz
finaly
THE KING CAME BACK
Finally!
MORE SCOTT THE WOZ!!!!
WOOOOOOO
THE GOAT IS BACK
Welcome back
Let's go
The king is back
POG POG POG POG
The Chad has returned
Dankey Kang.
ALL! IT'S SCOTT
I'TS NOT A DREAM
THIS IS NOT A DRILL!!! I REPEAT!!! THIS IS NOT A DRILL!!!
It actually happened! HE’S BACK!!!
He’s baaack!
The kong is back
Right when we needed him the most, the MAN the myth The legend is back!
finally back from the dead
Yay!!
Hi
HE'S BACK
I thought you died or like... became a lawyer or something!
Great to have Scott back!
hi scott
Fucking finally he’s back
The Return of the King
Our lord and savior bill gates is back
Oh wow didn’t expect this
THE LEGEND'S BACK
BABE, WAKE UP, SCOTT WOZNIAK IS BACK
Scott just had to return the moment I was about to watch the Hotline Bling parody
He’s back!
Wooooo looks who’s back
Hey, it’s the guy who owns Sonic Jam!
The legend is back!
The return of the king.
YES
Welcome back bro!!!
YeaaaAaaAAAHHH!!!
NO WAY IS THAT SCOTT THE WOZ?!
GOD HAS GRACED US WITH A NEW SCOTT VIDEO!
Babe wake up new Scott the Woz just dropped
RED ALERT SCOTT UPLOADED THIS IS NOT A DRILL
i started strokin so fast
Hey Scott
WELCOME BACK SCOTT!!!!!!
real
I was worried for a sec
HES BACK!!
HE"S BACK
I was in a pretty down mood today and then I saw you post this and I’m very happy
When the world needed him most, he returned
HE'S BAAAACK
SCOTTS BACK AYO!!!!!!!!!
he's back
HES BACK BABYY
HELL YEAH HES BACK FOR 2022
My guy. Is alive. We love you Scott.
I stopped YIIK-posting to watch this.
The messiah hath returned
Thank you I’ve been starved of your content
When the world needed him the most he returned
good to have the legend back
Scott has returned!
I was about to go to sleep. Now i legally can’t. Thanks
HE’S BACK
Oh, hey Scott.
Scott you're back
Finally Scott is back
So good to finally come back
WELL HELLO TO YOU SIR
Hey guys Scott here.
THE ONE, THE ONLY, THE LEGEND OF GEX NIGHT IS BACK!!!!!!!
HE'S BACK
40 minute long Barrel blast video????  We are in for a treat
Yessssssss he's returned
YO
Return of the king!
FINALLY THE KING HAS RETURNED
OH SHIT WHADDIT DO
The King Has Arrived Yet Again.
The return of the king
HERE HE IS!
WAKE UP SWEETIE SCOTT THE KING UPLOADED
HE'S BACK
WELCOME BACK
HE’S BACK
He's back
FINALLY AFTER 3 MONTHS!
Hell yea
First
The return of the king
SCOTT IS BACK
Mom scott the woz is back
Holy shit Scott you finally did it
WE BACK BABY
NO FUCKING WAY I WASNT READY!
After long last, he's back!
Scott thanks so much for these videos and can't wait to see qhat you have in store.
HES FINALLY BACK
OH MY GOD ITS HAPPENING
He’s back
THE KING RETURNS.
HES BACK!!!!!
HOLY SHIT ITS HAPPENING
SCOTT’S BACK BABY
the anti-guy game
Don’t worry Twitter Scott, I found him.
Lets gooooooooo
THAT WHITE BOY IS BACK
First
AYO
I was wondering why my life felt so empty for the past 5 months. Welcome back brother
The Return of the King
Hes alive!
YOOOOOO
HE’S BACK
THE RETURN OF THE KING.
EVERYONE DROP EVERYTHING  NEW SCOTT VIDEO JUST DROPPED
dont you ever leave me again, dont be like my dad scott :{
HES BACK BABY
He's back again, and about time too.
Holy Shit scott
YOOOOOOOO
finally
YESSSSS
The return of the king
SCOTT!!!!!!!! WELCOME BACK MY GUY!!!!!
SCOTT THE WOZ RETURNS
Just happy to be here
I’m too high to understand a lot, but hope you’re doing great bud
aHOLY SHIT HE HAS RETURNED
Yo!! Scott lives.
FINALLY THANK GOD
He’s back
LETS GOOOOO
THE KING HAS RETURNED
ITS HAPPENING
The man is back! And with a long awaited one at that!
Huzzah!
OMG
First
HE'S baaaaaack!!!!!
OH GOD I CAN FEEL MY VIRGINITY BEING RIPPED FROM MY GRASP
CAN I GET A LIKE SCOTT
THE KING IS BACK
It would seem it has been a while, now I am full
Just in time.
Finally an upload
Holy shit Scott the Woz
HE'S BACK
HES BACK
Yes the man who owns sonic jam is back
HE’S ALIVE!?!
HE IS BACK!!!!!!!
Virginity is back bitches!
Omg he’s back 🏃🏾💨
HES BACK!!! LETS GOOOOO
The messiah returns!!!!
THE KING HAS RETURNED ON MY BIRTHDAY
First!
Sgott’s back!! :))
“Babe wake up, Scott the woz just uploaded”
DONKEY GONG
Welcome back King :')
He’s back folks
Nice stuff thanks for coming back Scott
dad finally came back from getting cigarettes
WERE BACK BOYS! WERE BACK!
YO HES BACK
Hello Scott
After a long awaited return, he’s back.
Return of the virgin king.
He's back ya'll
Return of the king
don key kong  the return is now.
when the world needed him the most, he returned
YES
Your back
FINALLY OMG IVE BEEN CHECKING EVERY DAY
THIS IS GONNA HELP OUT THE ECONOMY SO MUCH
Thank you for coming back!!!
Return of the king
RETURN OF THE KING
Babe, wake up, its finally happening
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
HES BACK
When we needed him most, he returned
He’s back!!
He has returned to us
No way, no freaking way, your back!
The king returns 👑
RETURN OF THE KING
I WANNA BE ONE OF THE FIRST COMMENTS
HE LIVES
SCOTT IS BACK!!!!!
The virgin is back
Omg
THE GREAT RETURN OF THE KING OF YOUTUBE SCOTT THE WOZ WE FEASTING SO GOOD
Scott the woz
HEEESSSS BAAACCKK
He lives
Jesus fuck
Yay he's back!
Return of the king Glad to have you back
Holy shit, he’s back
Finally our king is back
Return of the king!!!!
He’s finally back! And better than ever!
HES BACK
Holy s### he's back
He’s back
I've never clicked a notification as fast as I have ever have in my life
HOLY SHIT
The scott is back!!!
NEW HALF HOUR LONG SPECIALLLLL LETS GO
Hey y'all Scott's here
YO
He’s returned🙏
HE'S BACK OMG OMG OMG STOP EVERYTHING
The Return of the King 😌
SCOTT
I missed you
HES ALIVE
And when the world needed him most, the king returned.
scott is alive
Hes back!!!
The king hath returned
Yay I found Scott
I haven’t even started the episode, but thank you Scott
HE’S BACK!!!
HES RETURN
Return of the king.
SCOTT IS BACK
Finally the return of the king
Finally back
He’s finally back
HE'S BACK
NEW SCOTT
Hes bacl
So this is where Scott was.
HE IS BACKKKKKKK
Hello
Welcome back
yessss he uploaded im so excited
“The Return of The King”…
When I heard Scott came back, I dropped everything and came straight here.
FINALLY
welcome back scott!
Words cannot even describe how fast I clicked when I got this notification
He's back
A BARREL BLAST BASED RETURN? SCOTT YOU WOULDN'T BE WORKING ON THAT L BUTTON VIDEO WOULD YOU!?
He has awoken.
HE’S BACK!
Amazing.
the return of the king
the return of the king
OH SHITR
HES ALIVE!!!
He remembered his account password!
SCOTT!! the king has returned <3
The king has returned
HE'S BACK!!!
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
And so he returns
HES BACK
FINALLY
HES BACK BABY THE PROPHECY FORTOLD
He got us the milk let’s go!!!
Yes another upload!
HES BAAAAAAAAAAACK
He's back!!!!
Wo
HE RETURNED!!!
THE DROUGHT HAS ENDED AND DK HAS COME FLOODING IN
He’s back. Here we go.
He’s finally talking about how to get girls
DK Donkey Kong
the episode where scott gets laid
He returns
yooooooooooooo!!!!!!!!!!!
YOOOO WHERE TF U BEEN?!?!?!
he back
Yeeeeeeeeeeeessssssss
now thats epic
THE MAN, THE LEGEND HIMSELF IS BACK!!!!
Thank Allah
Finally
Hes back...finally.
Hmm whomever is this nice fellow?
FIRST VIDEO IN THREE MONTHS
HE'S BACK!
HEAVEN IS REAL - Welcome back Captain ❤️
holy shit scott the woz
Scott’s back let’s go
WOOOOOOOOO YEAH BABY
HES BACK. MAH BOIIIIIIIII
HE HAS RETURNED
THE RETURN
When the world needed him most, he returned
He uploaded:)
Sorry really happy it happened
HOLY COW, SEASON 6 of Scott the woz
HOLY SHIT HE'S BACKKKKKKKKKKKKKKKK
Hey hey I'm second :3  Or i should say, first 😏
First one here to perfection
HES BACK HES BACK
THE RETURN OF THE KING
THE RETURN OF THE VIRGIN
HES BACK!
Scott’s Back Let’s gooooooooo!
The king has returned
Woooooooooooo yeah baby
The king has returned!!!!
Babe, wake up. It's here.
What a legendary comeback.
SCOTTTTTTT ISSSSSSS BACKKKKKKKKKK
He is not a virgin!
Blast these barrels baby
sk
WHAT
LETS GO
YOOOOOOOOOO
He's back
Everyone shut up Scott is back
Scott is back!
sex
HE’S BACK!
He's alive!
Glad to see you back Scott!
HOLY FUCKING SHIT
YOUR BACK
YOOO NEW SCOTT EPISODE
LETS GOOOOOOO
HE HAS RETURNED!!!!!
I never clicked so fast
The king has returned
Babe wake up new Scott the woz video!
Welcome back! We missed you and love you!
Hey scott
THE MAN HIMSELF IS BACK, YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
The return of the king
THE MESSIAH RETURNS!!!
Glad to see you back!
HE LIVES
he's here
My man Is alive god bless
YOOOOOOOOO!!!
OH MY GOD THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED
It's aliiiiive
Let’s go he finally dropped the video
he’s returned.
Holy shit, The Woz came back.
HE'S BACK BOYS!!
YEAH BABYYYYY THIS IS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR
My God it's time
SCOTT!
HE’S BACK
DA KING IS BACK BABY WELCOME BACK
He back
Omg God its happening
Yes… he’s back with what we have been waiting for
Good to see you back Scott!
Yeeeeah he’s back!!!
RETURN OF THE KING
Long awaited
MY MANS IS FINALLY BACK
A
He’s back!!!
First?
OH MY GOSH HES BACK
WE’RE BACK BABY
Oh my God he is alive
AN UPLOAD!!
first
THE KING HAS RETURNED
2022 has just become a good year
He’s back! The return we’ve all been waiting for
He’s BACK
When the world needed him most, he’s back!! Hey all! Scotts here
Woz the scott
FINALLY
LETSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOIÖŒOOOOOOOO
HES AWAKENED FROM HIS SLUMBER
Scott the woz is back….with donkey Kong?
HE HAS RETURNED
Look who's back from the dead...
WHERE IS NINTENDO SWITCH 5 YEARS IN?
Let’s go,  he’s back
THE KING HAS RETURNED
He's Back!
Welcome back
Donky
IT'S BEEN TOO LONG DAMNIT
SCOTT IS BACK!
NO WAY YESSSSSSSSSSS
Hey there you are 😊
let's fucking gooooo the king has return
HES BACK
HOLY SHIT. IT’S HERE
THE KING IS BACK
Its been a while
🥲
LETS GOOOOO THIS IS WHAT IVE ALWAYS WANTED
THE LEGEND HAS RETURNED
I figured out when’s scott
:O
Welcome back scott
There is a god
HOOLY SHIT LETS GOOOOOOO
THE KING IS BACK
I love you dad
SCOTT YOURE BACK
Bruh I clicked this in half a second
SO HAPPY TO HAVE YOU BACK SCOTT
Finally
Ladies and gentlemen, the wait is finally over
He’s back boys, he’s back with his virgin ways
A NEW SCOTT VIDEO WHAT THE FUCK
The Return of The King
My man uploaded???
He is back
I love you Scott 🥵🙏🙏
WAKE UP BABE, NEW SCOTT THE WOZ VIDEO
Omg he's back
OH MY GOD HES ALIVE
Scott
THE RETURN
Time has passed
He’s back!!!
SCOTTTTTTTT!!!!!!
He posted!
He’s back
SCOTT!!!
And so… he returned
WOOOOOOOOOOOO
It has been so long. But it was worth it.
Scott finally you're back
Return of the king
OMG OMG OMG SCOTTTTTTT
Yooooooo the god’s back!!!
What the fuck?!
the legend returns
The curse is over that’s for sure SCOTT UPLOADED THIS IS NOT A DRILL
He’s not dead
Noti squad
Holy shit he’s back
HELL YES!!! HES BACK BOYS
HES BACK
SCOTTTTTTTTTTTT
REtUrn of the KInG
FINALLY
HEY ALL
He's back
HE HAS RETURNED
Welcome back!
The woz is back
oh my god he’s here
THE FIRST OF THE YEAR!
HE RETURNS
FINALLY! ANOTHER UPLOAD!
HE’S BACK!!!!!
SCOTT IS BACK
LETS GO HES BACK
Return of the king: Chapter 1
HES BAAAAAAAAACK
HE HAS RETURNED
Oh wow
HERE IS SCOTT!!!
HONEY WAKE UP NEW SCOTT THE WOZ UPLOAD
HE’S BACK!!
SCOTT RETURN
Return of the King
RETURN TO WOZ
Holy shit he's back
What a way to come back
HESS BACK
HE'S BACK. AND HE'S BROUGHT BARRELS
BARREL BLAST?!?!?!!
HE FINALLY DID IT
At last an ape
Holy shit wake up babe scott the woz came back
I love this
BARREEL BLAST
ITS GLORIOUS
SCOTT I MISSED YOU
WELCOME BACK SCOTT THE WOZ!
BABE, WAKE UP! NEW SCOTT THE WOZ!
SCOTT THE WOZ IS BACK LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
First
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO WOTT THE SCOZZ
YEEAAAAAAAH
Omg a legend has returned 🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳🥳
HES BACCCCCKKKK
I have been waiting for a new video for so damn long
The Return of the King
Omg
He’s back!!!
YES!!!!! THE RETURN OF THE KING
HES ALIVE
The return of the king
THE RETURN OF THE KING!!!
No way...
THE KING HAS RETURNED
He's back
He has risen!!
He’s back
HOLY SHIT HE"S FINALLY BACK-
The return of the King
He’s back
When the world needed him most, he returned
Bout time !!!
The king is back!
He's Back!
The world needed him so he returned
HE'S BACK
He has returned!!!
Ohh myy god he’s back
OH MY DEAR LORD HES BACK
NO
He’s back
Oh how I've missed you.
It's been 87 years....
The legend has returned!
YOOOOO! New Scott The Woz
its enough to make a grown man cry
The long awaited return
Hey scott, all here. Welcome back
SCOTTS BACK!
Scott’s back wtf
HE'S BACK
AAAAAHHHHHH
Finally hahahahahahahahahhaaha
YEAAAAAAAH
Woz the Scott
HOLY SHOOT HES BACK TODAY IS AMAZING
HES FUCKING BACK BOYS
Hessss backkk
Where tf have you been!?!?!
Scott is back baby!
He’s finally back
I was waiting for this
YES THE KING IS BACK
Less gooooo another Scott video
THE KING IS BACK~🌟
MY BOY
HE'S BACK
Good to have you back Scott!
So that’s where you been
fart
Let's go
Finally…..he did it, next up is the L button
Wowweee
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOO
YESSSSS
Good lord he’s back
AHHHHH HES BACK THE LEGEND RETURNS
HESS BACK
He's back
HES BACK
He's back baby!
Holy shit WELCOME BACK MY DUDE!!!
I can't believe it..
Welcome back Scott
AGHHHHH WELCOME BACK
The king has returned
scoot!!
SCOTTS BACK!!! YESSS!!!!!!!
YOOO HES BACK
YESSSSSS HES BACK!!
Oh shit hes back
WELCOME BACK BROTHER!!!
The return of the king
THE RETURN OF THE KING
HES BACK
He’s BAAAAAACK!!!!!!!
The pure pinnacle of virginity.
HES BACK
Probably not First
Jack is back
Plz reply
the return
HE RETURNS
the return of the king
rip sleep schedule
HES BACK!!!!
The king has returned…
The king has returned
GOD IS REAL AND HE HAS BLESSED US!!!!!
NO WAYY
He's back...
HES BACK
1st
HES BACK
He returns
WELCOME BACK
He really made a video about the virginity destroyer
First
damn fr
YESSSS
Welp, hi scott
Hes back.
Omg hes finally back!
Finally
Scott
Holy crap!!!
Insert return of the king
THE KING HAS RETURNED
finally
He’s back!
OH MY FUCKING GOD
YESSSSSSSSSSS
The Legend Returns
Yes
LET’S GOOOO
Yes new vid let’s go
After a long break Scott’s back
LET'S FUCKING GO
LETS FUCKIN GO
HEY ALL, IM BACK BITCHES WOOOOO
He has risen
wake up new scott the woz video
Welcome back king!
SCOTT IS BACK
He's back
THANK YOU!!!
He’s back!
Finally
First
WHY SO LATE BUT YES
YESSS!!! FINALLY
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOO
The return!!
HES BACK
He lives
YESSSS
Babe wake up scott the woz came back
HES BACK!
HE’S BACK
HE'S BACK
nice
He’s back!!!
he's back
The king has returned
HES BACK
THE BOY IS BACK!!!!!!
Scatt
YOOO NEW STW WELCOME BACKK
HES BACKKO
i missed you
SCOTT UPLOADEDDDDD
wow
YESSSSSS SCOTT IS BACK!!!
The return of the Woz
AHAHHHAHAHHHHAHAHHH
This is so awesome
HE HAS RETURNED!!!
Holy shiiit
The King has returned
He’s back
Holy shit it's Scott the woz
HOLY SHIT
Scott
FINALLY
First (second)
:o
He has returned!
pog
Ri
The return of the king
THE KING IS BACK!!!
SCOTTS BACK THIS ISNT A DRILL
Return of the King
THE RETURN
Yes
OMG HE LIVES
And so he returns
First
BROOOO HES BACCCKKKKKKKKK
And when the world needed him most     He returned
The Woz...has returned...
holy fuck
yoooooo
He’s actually back
He returns!!!!
He’s back, thank god
The return of the king
New video less go nice to see you bak
He’s back!
He’s back
He back
Ah yes, Scott’s back.
THE LEGEND RETURNS
Dont you own like fifty thousand copies of this game EDIT: i was off by 49960 copies
He’s alive!!!!!
HE'S BACK BABY
Hello Scott
He is back!
Let's go
AHHH
He’s alive!!!
HOLY FUCK SCOTT THE WOZ!!!!!
HEY HEY HEY
THE RETURN
Ain’t no way he’s back
THE RETURN OF THE KING
HE’S BACK!
The return of the king
Finally Scott return
THE RETURN OF THE KING
HE UPLOADED!!!
AHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH!!!
let’s goooo
THE KING RETURNS
FINALLY
Return of the king 🔥🔥🔥🔥
Let’s go
:D
Nice
I LOVE YOU SCOTT
He’s back
HES BACK
YOOOOOOO
I missed you
FIRST!!!!
The man returns
Is it really happening?
Scott!!!!!!
He has returned.
The return!
HESS BACKK!!
HOLY FUCK ITS HAPPENING!!!!
HES GONNA GET LAID
welcome back homie !
HOLY SHIT??
GGGGGGGGGGGGG
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
The comeback?
ive never tapped faster on a video
he has returned. grab the popcorn 🍿
He's back
The Return of the King
HES BACK
Oh shit, he’s back
He’s back!!!
Guess who’s back?
HE HATH RETURNED
holy shit he's back
Return of the king
He is back!! Let’s go!
i have not watched this video yet
HOLY SHIT HE UPLOADED
HES BACK
Welcome back Scott :)
RETURN OF THE KING
Welcome back Scott!
The king has returned
Hes back
OMG
HE'S BACK
scoot.
Finally
No way we all missed you man
NO WAY
Found em
Yooooo
HE'S BACK
THE KING HAS RETURNED!
WHOOP
HES BACK
YES ANOTHER VIDEO
First! ❤️🙊
15th
THE RETURN
YESSSS
OMG!!!
Let’s go!!!! Scott is back!!!!!!
Scott is back
AWAKENS
HE GOT LAID
Welcome back!
He's back!
HE’S BACK BABY!!!
No way
Hey guys! Scott is back!
He's back
NO FKING WAY
First
THE KING RETURNS
IVE NEVER CLICKED A THING SO FAST
THE RETURN OF THE KING
YO??
HE HAS RETURNED
He’s back
YEAAHHH BABYYYY WOOOO
Return of the King
The woz
SCOTT IS BACK BABYYY
What the!!!
Welcome back
He’s back
HE’s BAAAAACK
LFG!!!!
Long awaited
HOLY SHIT
LOOOOL
AYOOOOOOOO
OH MY GOD
HE RETURNS
He is back
Second
THE KING RETURNS
Welcome back
Omg he is back
HE HAS RETURNED!!
HES BACK
RETURN OF THE KING
SCOTT
woah
THE LEGEND IS BACK!!!
HE’S BAAAAAAACK!
He's back!
HEESSSSS BACKKKKK
THE KING HAS RETURNEDDD
Let’s goooooo! I’m so excited
FUCK YEAHHHHH
First
Yoooo
lkmmnipjn
POGGERS
Nice
HES BAAAACK
Return of the king!
SCOTTS BACK
Return of the king
So glad you are back man!!!
holy shit
LONG HAVE I WAITED
Welcome back
HE HAS RISEN
Our father has returned
YEEEEEEEEESSSSSSS
Yoooo new Scott video
HE'S RETURNED
He’s back.
WOOOOOOO
He’s back
WELCOME BACM YOU BEAUTIFUL BASTARD
The return of the King
He has RETURNED
Finally
WTF
SCITT IS BACK
He's alive oh my god
Epic
The king has returned
HES BACK
HES BACK!!!
RETURN OF THE KING
He’s back
Hes BACK
e
Holy shit
He returns
Finally!!!
HES BACK
HE DID IT
He's back!
He’s back
THE KING IS BACK!
It’s happening ITS HAPPENING
RETURN OF THE KING
he lives.
RETURN OF THE KING
HE'S BACK.
YES
WELCOME BACK SCOTT!!!
OOOOOMGGG
YOOOO
HE HAS RETURNED!
FINALLY
I missed you man
:0
HES BACK
hi
HES BACK
HES BACK
HE HAS RETURNED!!!!
YEAH
Ayo he lives
E
NO FUCKIN WAY!!!!
HES BACK
The return of the king
YES!
Return of the king
NO WAY
A GRAND RETURN!
THE KING !!!
THE LEGEND IS BACK!!
FINALLY BACK
He lives!!!
HE RETURNS
YO
Nooice
YEAAAAAHHHHHHHH
hey dad
HE HAS RETURNED!
YES HES BEACK
He's back
DONKEY KONG
THE GREAT MAN
He’s back
LETSSS GOOOO
The king has returned
The return of the king.
FINALLY
Yes
HE LIVES
BABE, WAKE UP   NEW SCOTT VIDEO
The return of the king
He’s back baby
Sup Scott
Yooooo
Hes back
👀
Yeah
Return of the Kong
Hey all
YESSSSSSSS
HE’S BACK
Holy fucking shit he’s back
He Lives!
and he returns
He is back!!!!!
Ayyyy welcome back
FINALLY
HE IS BACK!!!!
holy shit
he has returned
LETS GOO
HE'S BACK
Ooh boy
WOAH HES BACK
Holy shit
HES BACK!
HES BACK
The King is Back!
He’s back!
honey wake up, new scott the woz just dropped
lessgo
THE KING IS BACK
He’s back!
HERE WE GO, BOIS
He’s back
First
Hey all
YEAHHH
He’s back!!!
HE'S BACK
HES BACK
HES BACK
he back
First
LETS GO
Fudge
HE POSTED
Oh my god
HOLLLLY SHITTTT HE'S BACK
He's back!!! Also first Scott video with the word c*ck in it so there's a first. Edit: Yooo he's using a remix of his G4 intro music for the outro!
THE KING HAS RETURNED
2nd comment
Huzzah!
He’s back!
NO SHOT
HE HAS ARRIVED!
The return!!!!
He back
LETS FUCKING GO
AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
He's back!
Here
OH MY GOD SCOTT IS BACK
HES BACK
Hello
No way
Holy shit boys
WOOOOOOOOOO
dang
RETURN OF THE KING
SCOTT!!!
YES
Ayooo, he’s back!
SCOTT
HES BACK
He’s returned
He back
He’s back
HES BACK!!!
Hell yeah
Lets goo
OMGGG
HES BACK
YEA
Heees backkkkkk!!!!
HES RETURNED
He’s back
HOLY SHIT
HOLY SHIT
NO WAY
Yessss
HE HAS RETURNED
