Bring Runescape to life https://creatorcrafted.com/TORVESTAYT1MAR24 Code TORVESTA for 10% off!
why do you play in fixed mode? is it better for PvP?
I don't know how you guys can manage all the details with this game. I've prob played this game on and off for 10 years and always sucked at it. Never wanted to do quests because looking at guides just felt overwhelming. All the steps... literally dwarf learning complex skills in real life. The game is so massive, it almost becomes something like learning an undergrad degree in where everything is, the items in the game,  their synergies, all the NPCs, strategies to play the game, and so on. Watching just how you PK is more like an arcane ritual than game play to me. Shaking my head man. This game has such a massive investment in time but also learning. It feels like it isn't even a game any more.
the atlatl was an old device to help throw spears further
the Macuahuitl is an Aztec weapon that was used to maim but not kill. point of it was to bring back enemies alive to sacrifice them to their gods.
you actually pronounced atlatl perfectly lol
you should do a video where you stack the cash that you pk and risk it every fight. So kill one is worth 12m, then kill 2 is worth 8 mill. kill 3, bring 20m cash and then keep going. I think that would be thrilling to watch!
They should be Atlatl spears.  They do not throw darts, they literally throw spears.  Weird misrepresentation on Jagex's part.
Where is skill specs
the atlatal was basically the weapon people used before bow and arrows or in most cases anyway. its just like one of those ball launchers u use throw a ball far for your dog but u put a little spear in it instead. the machuahital  or however u spell it also a stone age weapon, a big  club covered in sharp glass like rocks ( the spanish conquistadors claimed it could chop off a horses head in one blow). both of them were popular in with native south american people i believe, and varlamore is partially based of south america, so thats whats up with the names. Fun video
“At lat ul” and “mac whee tal”  These are aztec weapons they brought to RS! I love it
you pronounced atlatl perfectly btw
Why not use a phoenix necklace in worst case scenario as well?
I hate all these updates. Osrs is supposed to be old school RuneScape. It’s BS. Becoming more and more like rs3. Keep osrs old school!!!!
Torvesta still king of ads marketing
We gonna talk about the dude fire making on the pvp works? 😂
@Torvesta How long til the neon sign I ordered Monday last week gets to USPS so they can ship it to me?
Highly doubt you were the only one to find this in a game of millions
there was a WoW add before the video and i was like what plugins is this guy using?????
man a pker of your caliber doesn’t need to exploit a update bug no pun intended.
is this not just considered bug abuse?
Ranging out still helps with accuracy for the eclipse atlatl
So you are abusing a bug? People gets bans from that but not you i guess
When zoomed out runescape map is just tiny like super super tiny. I wished they just reworked it with rs4, making it like wow, bdo, lost ark or old albion online map with lots of choke points and bridges and mountain passages and add multiple methods of faster traversing.
Torvesta’s thumbnails have become the same type of clickbait as YouTube use to have in early 2010s, what a shame..
Congratulations you’ve single handedly drove the price of sunlight moths to now 708 gp.
Tornesta
Torvesta! You're a legend!!!
Great job Doing this while not necessarily Exploiting it!!!! Youre Killing it man!!!
yo i cant lie the intro when u showed the moths that was way too accurate lol im just saying looked like a autoclicker if i ever seen 1
nice fire cape switch bro
thx god i sold my accounts for a good price and quit this game, been playing runescape and osrs over almost 2 decades, jagex is ruining pvp in this game as it did in the original one
Don’t wear that armor during the eclipse day for RuneScape is witchcraft and wizardry
Bro you sound just like Tom Holland
The fact that you get a pass on over-using the exploit despite knowing it was unintentional gameplay just goes to show how much they favor popular content creators, but I still have to say that was hella satisfying to watch.
Cool paid actors, bro
new update fire!!!!!!
The party hat changing colors was a missed opportunity. Got the white one for now!
Bring back PKing streamers again!!! Miss them episodes
Oh right there is a 10 difference between 27 and 39.
uses bug abuse to tank anything - "how am I alive" - torversta
Rolls off your melee str not your range strength????!?!! What kind of brain dead  decision just like the damn korasi holy crap no skill needed
"This is stupid, this should just not be in the game" says an old person who hates changes that makes him think for two seconds.
Instead of fixing the problem jagex will probably just harass runelite to disable jars in menu entry swapper. Jagex is scum.
You're lucky the aztec empire is dead, otherwise they would be very offended right now XD
It’s so taxiccccc
This is why I don’t pvp u know most ppl know all the exploits to give them the upper hand . Isn’t just a fair fight anymore using the tick system. They should fix the way people manipulate the tick system / stack hits
120 dollars for a small LED sign. Yeah no.
A mistake made by jagex? You mean the whole game? This games been dead for years and they don’t care
Do an eye tracker video where you PK on normal client and then do another on a 3rd party client. I have a pretty solid suspicion about something.
love it dude
The fact there's so much power creep while the max hitpoints is still only 99 is what is mad. At least make max constitution 120.
At least everyone is now doing it in bh
New Valamore Master Clue Step - https://youtu.be/W7xA9JWinJ0
So Torvesta can do a video abusing a bug and take gp from other players for content? Do mods allow this?
Man has google translate built into his phone and still choose not to use it
I wouldnt say the moths are broken, you would completely run out of food way faster.  I do agree that its mad though and needs to be fixed, how much hp does 1 jar heal?
bro acually nails the pronunciation of atlatl
I don’t think this item is broken
So now pvp Is a eating competition whoever runs out of food first lol
They hotfixed the moth jars the other day and they now work as a potion stall would
The moths should have never been "fixed" there was finally something to counter to getting 1 hit
Thats absolutely broken how can jagex let something be so broken after so many years😂rip those that dont watch torvesta ima take advantage of this
Tornesta!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
NICE WEAPONS AND SICK PKS/COMBOS! I BET JADEX FIXED THE GLITCH BY NOW THO! MUCH LOVE FROM YA BOY MR.VIRAL! FROM SAGINAW MICHIGAN 989! 3/27/24
click bait
you pronounced atlatl correctly!   an atlatl was an tool used by prehistoric humans to help them throw spears a further distance.  it's essentially a tennis ball thrower, but instead of putting a tennis ball in the holder, you put the end of a spear.  similar to a tennis ball thrower, it acts as an extension of your arm, and allowed humans to throw spears further.   in america, atlatls were used by native americans before the adoption of the bow and arrow.
That crumb guy should make Runescape content.
ngl i'm low key loving the classical music 🤣🤣
dude wtf is that sunlight moth? ur telling me 4 of those restores all health? that's broken :/
dharoks guy quickly realized he fkd up lol
this update is like a mexican made a private server
I feel bad for the boomers trying to get a view off spamming their youtube in the background
Do we know if the new hunter mix with this moth is the same? It seems Jamflex hotfixed the Snowy Knight mix from 15hp per dose to 8hp.
music name at around 11:07?
I love your videos wish u could post more but it takes forever to make content so I understand
I doubt you were the first to find this.
No favoritism but isn’t that exploiting a bug 😅
Just got the last tbow in stock and a gnome stronghold desk pad with your code 🤌🏼💪🏼
Back again for his once a month upload, over 10 minutes long so it can be monetized, with an ad in the middle.
HAHAHAH YO WHAT
I wondered what was in the blue bag at first
Use this setup but try wear opponents prayer to zero for full loot
That is nasty weapon and comboing with it is just bonus :D hilarious
Were any actors hurt in this video
you nailed the pronunciation of atlatl. we use them here in missouri to hunt
everyone making videos on the new stuff keep complaining about the "weird names" its aztec. they are all based off of real life weapons made by the aztecs and mesoamerican people. its ok if you cant pronounce them. its a totally different language. it would be the same as pronouncing finnish words. english speakers typically cant.
That crazy combo followed by “tornesta” 😂😂
Bro gagex 100% gonn ban that account for bug exploitation. Ive seen them do that to panic and seb. Healing with no delay mid attack is crazy broken lmfao
Doesn't the range accuracy level still matter though?
hearing the nutcracker song at 5:50 threw me tf off
Tornesta
Tornesta
If they made the ely sign have multiple colors and be the other shields
They're Aztec/Mexican terms.
Accidentally breaking PVP feels like such a classic Jagex move! 😂 Can't wait to see how this chaos unfolds in-game!
Wait you call it a mistake and proceed to use it in PvP?   Sounds like bug abuse.   And not just because it’s moths.
So you're why I sold a bunch of these moths then
8:20 dirtiest moth play
84!!! wtf
Eoc incoming
I really thought this was going to be the first video you didn’t die 💔❤️
Love your content normally, but isn't this by definition bug abuse?
time for a new game birdnest
Its pronounced "Maquaweetle"
Best part about this is your account wont get banned because you're an influencer if it was any old andy GG wp account.. you're the worst tyber
I wouldn't even be able to figure out where all the damage was coming from bruh, was like 50 different hitsplats.
GO ahead id say ife you can make money doing that ill help go for it just get your money out of rs and get on clash brah clash is what makes you both
I just had a look at the plushies on creator crafted, and the pictures look amazing, with it looking like the Jad one is like 3 feet tall... but then the description says 5.9 inches. Why are the photos of plushies that are enormous, but the actual plushie is smaller than my hand?   Love the vids btw
How much do I have to pay you for a PK tutorial for dummies? I need a video showcasing a PVP setup that's pretty good. I need you to explain the setup in detail and switching in detail and also why you do the things you do in a fight... Slow motion switches and everything. It may be obvious but I've been playing RuneScape since like 2006. All I do is quest and skill... I suck at pking..... Every time I've tried it in the past I just die... I would really like to pk but I realize it's now a different game than it was in 2006... People have broken down the way the game works to exploit its mechanics... I'm afraid now I am at a severe disadvantage if I were to try and learn on my own... I've been asking RuneScape YouTubers to help me out with a video for a while now and no one has done it... So now I'm willing to pay for it... I'm not that smart when it comes to some things so I literally need someone to explain things in a very simple way.. but I'm totally willing to pay for a video like this as motivation if you like. So are you willing to help?   Here's a better idea for a video take me from a noob skiller to player killer!   I've literally never pked anyone.. I can promise this video would be pretty entertaining! 🤣
this video made my pp hard
Roman themed? Those names and weapons be more South American.
You said the word right lol 😆
The perfect update to help torvesta stay alive and go positive gp in a video
Hey, Torvesta :) the names of those new weapons are based on an indigenous mexican language called "nahuatl". That's why may sound weird.
Holy shit paid actors mans. The clip with the dude using the new cbow and he doesn’t even move he just lets you get a full combo on him. You’re so fake it’s not even funny anymore man. I’m unsubbing
On a side note, atlatls are fun to throw IRL.
You said it right, just slow. It sounds like it looks ATLATL, like Atle but twice.  Learned all about them on a Native American Indian Reservation
(The names are Aztec inspired)
Its pronounced Ma-kua-tl Its an aztek word, for a wooden weapon with insanely sharp obsidian shards inserted into their sides.
all the thimbnails are getting worse every day
The weird names for the weapons is because they are actually real weapons and have those names in real life lol.
did you lose your monetization for not uploading often enough?
"this is stupid this shouldn't be in the game" , yea i agree Ags is stupid and shouldn't be in this game
Torvesta are you scottish? Your voice sounds exactly as my scottish friends and i love watching your videos because of that altough i dont play the game xD
Power Creep slowly becoming a thing in osrs.
Most of combat does or may not work. You could be hurt of 1 or 2 by giant frogs, with a rune kite shield. How about this. one spot of fishing lobster does better than the other two at Karamja island.  He doesn't understand Mexico indigenous names for stuff. Because its not your psyche. Mexico is very well respected for their older culture but beheading is not right and sacrifice. So, their weapons are well known from many people or some people, like me. I love Peru better, because it is better. Because I know Peru. Not perfectly because I didn't learn at aging there. That obsidian with wood from Mexico is very nice.  As England doesn't know much of anything, because they have changed many times through their ages. Which you shouldn't do. So, that you can keep what you build up on people of your nation. British is nothing. That is why I hate British stuff, for how lousy the British stuff is being discriminatory toward real American standards that are far better than Britain.
"im not even going to attempt saying that" proceeds to say it perfectly
Your claws went nuclear in every kill holy
Dope content and merch
Jagex care so little about PVP they don't even test the updates in PVP.
This dude just hit a 80 omfg lol
So what's the video about? I don't watch click bait titles
"Nobody knows about it except me" literally everyone been using them since release, and why is this moron using atlatl with dhide top?
Does anybody else hear that weird sound thats sounds like 4 different things one being "that is embarrassing, that is embarrassing" on this video when that violin sounds in the vid😅
So now this is in the game, can we finally get redwood shortbows that take dragon arrows. Please and thank you jagex ❤. Another great video Torvesta!
The mace/axe/whateveritis is pronounced ma-kwa-weeh-till. An old Aztec weapon, a paddle of hardwood with obsidian shards dotting the edges to create razor sharp points. Needless to say you do NOT want to take a strike from such a thing in real life.
DISLIKED CUZ U KEEP PUTTING SHYT MUSIC GOSH JUST USE OSRS OR RS3 BGM!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
weird names cuz varlamore is basically ancient Rome Greek and Aztec all in one.
they wont sell out dw guys, the cost is waaaaaaay  to much for LED/ Neon knock offs
I like how you find a problem with the game but then you go and abuse the said problem.....you are literally part of the problem and honestly jagex should ban you for using these and knowing it's a problem
When did mod ash say dat??
try the new mixed hide it gives strength bonuses might be good for melee/range pking
Hey guys i found this game integrity breaking bug, heres a yt video of me abusing tf outta it knowing i won't get banned bc im a CC
Google atlatl it’ll make more since. You pronounced it right tho
manchester utd lol
Oh good.... MORE tic eating. While I appreciate that the skill floor and cap for pvp on OSRS is higher than ever, the reason PvP used to be more fun for a majority of the players is luck was LESS of a factor. When people can eat 60 in a single game tic (and now 80+) it reduces the amount of "combo" kills where you get several good hits in a row to out damage the healing, and it also puts a focus on insane special attacks dictating the fights.   How many of these fights ended with a 70+ AGS spec or a near max claw spec? That means for every clip on this video there were likely 20 fights that didn't make it because the AGS pool-noodled. That's not to say Torvesta isn't a good pker... I'm just saying fights are more inconsistent than ever because builds and gear matter less and less when every single fight comes down to a dice roll on a special attack.... Max and they die, don't and they live long enough for someone to tele and come back and fight again
Remember when gta San Andreas came out and your character could gain or lose weight and muscle imagine they did that to osrs all the pkers would be sooo overweight lol
You should test them moths on if they work when you get speared cause in a different vid I saw they give prayer points. Maybe it's a good way to save your +1 if you bump into a spear clan
Tornesta
After watching this I know I’ll never be able to pk again like I was able to 5 years ago
I feel like the weapon with a melee setup is more impressive at higher levels than the full set, scaling off melee makes insane synergy
Im not gonna attempt to say that name "attempts to say the name" 😂😂
You gotta start uploading more, you’ve always got the best content
Wow!! Whoever got the HCIM plushie cashed out!! Good advertising and product! And an even more sick vid (:
The new weapon names sounds like somebody typed a sneeze
All I’ve learned is never go up against people with new items 😂
Pking has way too much dps compared to hp/def
Tornesta
1:00  VAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAMPPPP 🧛🧛🧛🧛🧛🧛🧛
Imo osrs seriously needs 120hp at this point
The wheezing every time he gets a kill 😂😂
Wierd names because the weapons are called that in history you noobs lol
I can’t help but notice in this video at some point you have inferno cape and then later your wearing lava cape, did you lose your inferno cape 😅?
Tornesta xdd
Can you upload more sir thanks
Power creep is a real thing in MMO games.
more range gear that looks like masori lol wtf to eclipse
jagex out here steady ruining pvp more and more with every update
Jagex try not to release overpowered items every update challenge. Difficulty: Impossible
Good find man!
Can u the new gear on a pvm stuff can’t fine it out there anywhere.
An atlatl (pronounced “ /ˈætlætəl/[1] or /ˈɑːtlɑːtəl/“ is one of the oldest spear innovations in human history. Invented in prehistoric times, around 10,000 BC, it was one of the greatest weapon innovations until the bow and arrow came along some thousands of years later.
Nice video and nice classical music lol
Man just made moths sky rocket
Your upload schedule is that shit I forget you even existed. Glad to see you’re still alive though 😂
2024 and people still choose to play shitty point and click medeival simulator.
Jagex makes mistakes?
Range pot should still give more accuracy with the atlas
i ordered two led signs and a plushy
What would an osrs update be without Jagex completely dropping the ball somewhere 😂😂
also works with the snow knight butterfly, heals 15 each but loss the stat restore effect
id be all over them plushies but i aint waiting til june shame lol.
Torvesta using range gear with the atlatl got me dying frfr
Reported
what kind of pvp is this where no one pray's overhead? Bounty hunter worlds?
Well they know now dummy
I love the idea of your opponents seeing a moth in the middle of the fight right before you stack them out.
torvesta pronouncing a weird item name correctly is more rare than getting a mega rare
Ahh right u abuse a bug and no ban any other person that does it instant ban ridiculous
What a broken game lol.
So many bought infernal capes
there is simply no one better at what you do dude! literally get pumped like no other content creator when I see a new upload!
These vids don’t really hit anymore. Idk why. Sorry bro gonna have to unsubscribe and hopefully this will motivate you to care more and improve. Good luck
Jagex creating bugs? Thought that’s just what updates are for
So using an exploit to pvp instead of reporting it. Awesome
I don’t even pvp but I find this kind of stuff hilarious
some people enjoy the new update because of the new weapons and armor. i enjoy the new update as i like seeing people struggling to pronounce "macuahuitl".
amors def are bad beacuse you need 50 defence wear them but their power is in set effects and weapons
Acknowledging its a bug. Then proceeding to abuse it for 30 or something kills in pvp. Normal players would get banned.
Nice video. Crazy. Sooo. How’d you manage to get all of those arrows.. l0l
see the more PVP updates there are the less i want to do PVP, i loved the whip/dds era now that everyone stacks 140+ dmg in 1 tick....how do you guys find this fun?
nice bug abuse pke u know is agains rules ?
i hope they take it out of pvp especially the moths.... this is not osrs .  Might as well just add eoc at this point.  ruined the game especially making it so cheap and easy to obtain
Next video: I GOT BANNED FOR BUG ABUSING
Give the pkers the ability to throw sticks and they're happy
The atlatl needs to stay exactly the way it is. Isn’t impossibly op just strong and it’s fun as hell.
Spoiler alert: the game
Love me a torvesta upload
You gotta try the new blue moon set
Fucking Lol!!! Best post of day love your content bro it helps so much in a bleak world
5:21 Tornesta
the weird names are actually mayan... youre the second content creator i see that says that. just cause you dont know it doesnt make it weird mate :x
the 8m unskulled guy did have 8m worth it was just that when killed in pvp the Armour Breaks and the Armour was worth a few million less Broken than 100%
Torvesta fell off so hard due to actual skill gap. Like I get it he has a life but I play osrs twice a month these days and I can still recognize he is only fighting absolute noobs who can't even make a double eat and half the time he doesn't even understand what he's doing. Why would we watch your PvP content when literally every other content creator is more skilled ?
Missed opportunity to bring back moth memes.
0:46 x'D if you report it, you have the right to exploit... ehh.... test it
good vid!!!
Tornesta
They’ll get nerfed soon enough
whats music ur playing around 11 mins ?
Woke shit content
It's only matter of time when atlatl spikes in prices just like Tbow did back in the day when people realized its true potential.
British dude not knowing indigenous American history is peak British dude <3
bew it ful m8
Wait so its okay when you bug abuse..?
Did buddy just say both of the CEOs?
It hits differently when torvesta uploads I must admit 👏⚡️
Haven't played in years. Want to come back and do some pking. What is the best account to work towards? 1/20/42/45/70/75 defence?
5:20 Tornesta confirmed
Looks like eoc
Cringewaker.
''makwa-hwittle'
I'm no mathematician but 27 to 39 is 12 max hits, not 10. Almost a 50% dps increase, like what
the most uninspired channel on youtube has came back with another copy paste video beacuse they got a sponsorship deal, yay get ur money up bro
Macuahuitl is an Aztecan. My ex fiancee was Mexican and her lineage were of Aztec descent as her family are all from Tlacopan before she and her family moved to the US. Her father was heavy on his history and had smuggled in some weapons and other stuff into the US which he has in his living room near his ofrenda.
Aint this banable by bug abuse? :D
The atlatl and Macuahuitl are weapon from precolonial-Mesoamerica. Very deadly irl also.
The only way they could fix the voidwaker was by breaking something else…
Kobbie, Alejandro or Rasmus? if you had to choose @TorvestaRS
Risk Fighters laughing their Ass off, thinking a revolution has come to pking, learn 2 fucking eat, its a 20 year old game🤣🤣  MSB ags, doble vw, thats the skill cap of rs pkers🤣🤣🤣🤣
At-latl is how it's pronounced. Interesting choice by Jagex considering its such a primitive weapon it predates agriculture, 12000 years ago. (It's 42k+ years old)
What genre of music do you think that this YouTube content creator likes listening to what do you think his most listened to song was this year
The pigment of your skin is about as well as that combat dummy
0:58 Playboi Carti his music be like
not a torvesta vid if he dont die
06:05 ayyy it's me. Thanks for not editing me out bro. Awesome vid vesta
damn greg will use those moths well.  he loves to eat
Please do this on a 60 attack, 50 defense account!
Please do this on a 60 att 50 def account!
The powercreep has reached a point where 99hp isnt enough anymore..
Disliking every video going forward.
@3:08 did dude just 4 spec in a row??
I honestly beleive that it's fine and the moths effect should stay in the game... Hear me out  It takes up a good few invent spaces  Voidwaker now doesn't need debuffing  It's fair for the amount of space they take up
Please keep sponsoring torvesta so he actually uploads vids🤣🙏🏽
Sure is nice seeing you make money after a vid for a change
"And you know where I'm going with this...PVP" 😂😂
LMAO
It’s like idk how to pk anymore with all these set effects and specials like wtf
That weapon is broken and wi get nerfed
Wow u upload poop man get your shit in gear and make my next video in less then a week clown😅
It's amusing watching Torvesta trying to pronounce Nahuatl words. Atlatl is pronounce like at-lat. Macuahuitl is pronounced ma-kah-wee-til
Purespam's video was Wayyy better
tf is this trash music lol
Osrs looks like a private server now lol
Nice to see you making money in a video for once
This video was radioactive just non stop BOMBS!
Back in the old days I would use snowy knights on players in multi to heal them
good video torvesta
Of course they dont stixk with any sort of white history those days are far gone for runescape say hello to native american/aztec sht
The Atlatl! Back in 1999 I played a new game called Asherons Call, and this game changed my opinion on MMO games! And this was a choice of weapon and it SUCKED! Glad you made it look cool!
This game looks interesting wht game are you playing? Can’t be 07 scape
Atlatl is a name of an ancient weapon from the dawn of men
This game is worse than EOC
I swear Torvesta uploads like once a month man :(, Dude I love ur content I'd love a few more uploads a month haha. honestly i recon u do another wildy HCIM :D
Tornesta
Lmao this is funny
dude that dart is very fucked up man i dident use the full set but im busting bots in rev cave, and that dart is main dps !!! into dds its super
This video will surely get you to 500k sub - Uncle Bozo
So what if the moths weren't an oversight, with all the new combos dps is insane. What if this was their way of adding higher eat options but at a cost only heals 8 hp and heals others around you. Making it more viable for range and mage pvp but not melee.
So your bug abusing..?
Pretty impressive pronunciation of the Aztec words 😂
the link for creator crafted doesnt work for me. jlyk.
Torvy back at it again with another certified hood classic 🔥🔥🔥
your so good at pk you didnt even need to use the butterflies
6:20 I laughed so hard I nearly dropped my drink LOL... 7:33 Now I want a Ristorante Pizza.  Funny and nice vid as always :D P.S.: Are you ManU - Fan? Cause Hojlund xD
If you wear the whole eclipse armour set, i think it has a chance of hitting a stack (up to 4). If you get 4 stacks u can easily spec hit an 80 and then follow thru w another melee and 2 hit some pkers
Tornesta
damnit nesta, why did you have to ruin it for the rest of us?? :\
None of you YouTubers and streamers understand Mesoamérican names and shit y’all annoying af 😂 great video though
Claws and Ags are good
Ah-tah-lah-tal is how that's pronounced I think.
The laugh when you hit the 80 ags was so CLASS hahaha watched so many times love you bro God bless
Dont the moths heal the ppl around you too though?
Upload more recently punk. Much love <3
Will you do videos of the other sets?
What we’ve all been waiting for!!
Loved the tudor music in the back ground 👌
Does Jagex pay you when you do work like this?
Imagine like 2 medieval knights duking it out irl, then one bashes the other’s head in and he’s almost dead, but suddenly he scarfs down a bunch of weird looking sea creatures and opens a jar releasing a butterfly and suddenly he’s good as new
P2p anchovie pizzas anyone?!?! Like for real
Jagex never made a mistake. Only players bug abusing KEKW
It was more of a Dragon Claw spec montage than anything else
Dude the music is so good in this video. Your music is always great but this one at 9 minutes slaps!
I'm curious of the mage set and spear. Free Stacked Melee Smacks passively from an Ice Barrage and spec that hits harder based on freeze timing with an armor set comparable to Ahrims.  Its only issue is being a 2h spear. But the stats are the same as a Mage Book + Ahrims.
Dharok would be super interesting with moths now
Runelite being OP for PvP yet again lol
saw the plushies in that ad and couldn't have clicked any faster
Buy Justiciar Now!
Why have I been using range potions..
i want a jad led sign only way i'll buy one
reported for bug (moth) abuse, enjoy the banana
Why you posting at 3:20am Torv?? 😂
In my opinion they need to nerf or buff everything😂 exept colloseum. Nerf that food the new gear and wepons new moons bosses need to be stronger and so on…
You actually got the atlatl's pronunciation right the first time, as for the macuahuitl, pronounce it out as mawk-wah-whee-tl
I must say it's sad to see time after time the trope of lying about risk still held true
These also heal in a 3x3 around you. So you could potentially have some multi shenanigans before patch.
Jagex officially ruined the game, thought it would be coming eventually
Moths went from 120 gp up to 4k gp in the hour after this video was released lmao.
THe moths fuctionality is actually so powerful, I hope they keep it. Or something like it- It will change the pking scene completely, which is actually needed if you ask me
you actually got the atlatl pronunciation right first time lol
The term Broken is used so loosely. No one is going to be using these
Tornesta
Wait til they add sailing, prob be so many broken things
This is the reason people quit playing :/
good to see you here nest it's been some time
So pissed there was no totally broken unintentional huge money maker this update
Before i watch, please tell me the mistake was the wall that you could phase into, had a good laugh with that one
Not really sure why the new armours needed a 50 Defence requirement… maybe it’s in the lore 🤡
Bug abuse?
Wouldn’t it be correct to pray piety when wielding the eclipse atlatl?
Years ago you would have been banned for bug abuse for posting this video xD
This video just singlehandedly quadrupled the price of the moths, and the atlatl just KEEPS going up, this is crazy lmao
new update broke the game. AGAIN X2
>changing left click And people say its not a cheat client lmfao
Nice one torvestas
Yeah you didnt find that out someone else did
Bro don’t make us wait a whole month for videos 😢
Does anyifire work against this
the blue one and that sunfire one are being used deep wildy and its op
I love the idea of panic eating like 10 moths in one game tick. No time for chewing, just grab a handful and swallow em whole.
Haha first person to nail the pronunciation of the "atlatl"!
Yooo torvesta I still troll skill speck for you 😂😂😂😂😂😂❤😅
29 mil kill. Nice!
cant wait for next month where pvp players return to saying they never get anything added to the game for them ;P
Y'all remember the spec bar glitch, where you could spam click the spec bar on Gmaul in the wild lol
Just so you know you pronounced Atlatl perfectly "At-Lat-ul"
About to unsubb, you ruining it
considering my moths kept being bought at that price I am guessing I sold them to torvesta huh
Kid definitely say he gotta an 8in dick to.  7:42 had me dying😂
Come on torvesta I think it’s about time you dabbled in some PvM.  Road to grandmaster when? Would be seriously entertaining with you! Give it a think mate ❤
the twisted bow led looks cool but that elysian is shit ng . looks like half a brain comin out it
I love Christmas music and OSRS videos 😂
moth seems balanced cuz it takes up that many inv spots. i dont play anymore but id be sad to see them get nerfed
for the record you did pronounce atlatl properly. Gz
The guy just walking up “tornesta” lmao
1:08 39-27 = 12 extra max hits not 10?
It's like blowpipe on release all over again
Tornesta 😂
isnt this bug abuse?
You singlehandedly already raised the price of the moths lmfao.
I think we know Torvs next video, Atlatl on a pure? ;)
The gunshot sound you tie to voidwaker specs still makes me sad thinking of your HC dying :(
Torvesta will save this game. His poll votes should weigh heavier.
Spot on pronunciation on "atlatl". I'm only familiar with that weapon since it was featured on an old episode of Deadliest Warrior 😆
Nerf incoming on the atlatl
Flirting with that bug abuse clause.  I love it.
Atlatl: At-Lah-Tull  The melee weapon is pronounced:  Macuahuitl: Mah-Kwah-Wee-til
This is technically bug abuse as this is clearly not an intended mechanic. But you know, content creator privledge
*Banned for bug abusing*
nice, did they remove your bh points aswell, cos ur bug abusing?!
power creep in this game is so stupid change hitpoints to 200 if u want to continue with this garbage
Tornesta uploads, i click.
Your pronounced atlatl correctly. It's a real ancient weapon that predates the bow and arrow
Been waiting to see how Torvesta pops off with Varlamore
When gagex tries to make roman themed content but scuff it and make everything more incan and aztek themed than roman😂😂😂
Jagex don't make mistakes, they just purposely ruin shit
they gotta patch this no?
ayy im early, btw torvesta great vids
Honestly i don't think these moths are that good sure you can speed eat if you're good enough but at that point it makes little difference anyways because the combo is either gonna kill you or it won't at that point.
Jamflex f*cking up as usual
ODA BLOCKS BETTER
You definitely need to start another long-term series I binge watch your Deadman videos and your making a dream poker series loved the HCIM keep makking. Videos!
You’re so weird
This dude fell off
yayyyyyyyyyyyy!
Jagex making a mistake? Never.
first
Piggle poggington
Fresh off the press lads.
First
9th
1̶s̶t̶ 4th
Poggers
Last
Bring Runescape to life https://creatorcrafted.com/TORVESTAYT1MAR24 Code TORVESTA for 10% off!
