Actually $300
wow the Sugar fFactories! i remember being there at Pennsylvania during a vacation trip. still won’t append the amount of  cringe i got from this video 🙂
https://youtu.be/FNnuVPsgoVs
i don't get it.... those were mini burgers, shoulda been able to down them all easily especially for $100/burger??? tf
Are you afraid of death?  Read this carefully for the cure ;   Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross. In doing so, his blood was shed to wash us clean of our transgressions . Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word, the holy bible. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 ) ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’ .
The darkness of the Antichrist is covering this world. We are literally accepting everything that is not of God and it's backwards. The Lord Jesus Christ is coming back soon Confess your sins get baptized in the name of Jesus love God first and your neighbor as yourself
Kya ye saare burgers spongebob ke episodes hn ????
This was so anticlimactic and boring
Fake $100 bill look at borders
Weak
Pretty patties
Wait what was so special/terrible/Spicy? About these burgers???
He ate three
Those would be gone in a minute
Im getting fat while watching this video help me
Bro where u at I got some bills I need to pay line me up 🤣🤣
that’s BS he got $200 and ate 3 burgers. fucking scammer
how he get burgers from that one sponge bob episode
Are those crabby patties?
This gave me a headache
This kid needs a haircut
Is that at sugar factory?? If so it’s so goooood!!
Actually $300
Diabetes in a cup that’s what his drink is called
y’all at the sugar factory
He clearly ate 3.
Fool probably only had 200 dollars
It was his 3rd one lol
I miss the 30 seconds ago where I didn't knew this existed
sugar factory
Second--- that was his 3rd lol
Send me $1000.00 for watching this crap.
He ate 3 burgers , you owe your buddy 100$. The burgers are blue,red,yellow,green,purple. Your buddy ate the blue,red, and the yellow burger. You owe your buddy 100$ be honest and pay him
Please give me this
Are you at the sugar factory in Chicago
Those are the colorful burgers from that one spongebob episode.
He did eat 3 burgers so i am not sure why he only paid him for 2 burgers..
Those 100 dollar bills are so fucking fake lol
Is this guy starring in the Trolls live movie?
bro the next time you'll see my ill be having a seizer 💀💀💀
I'd still be eating burgers.
I could eat 6-7 of those guaranteed. Especially after my swim
How tf you manage to only eat 2?
Why only 2 they seem small
I have been there are hot those burgers they are very good
If this was my friend i would have gotten 500 dollas
SECOND ONE? The yellow was the THIRD ONE, plus he had $300 in his hand at the end.
The hair!  The hair! 🤣🤣🤣
Thought Chewbacca hair was going to be the joke. OK, I missed.
Bro took one bite and homie says "off to a good start" 🤔
Bro look at the age fake as hundred bill
Sugar factory🔥🔥🔥
It's the diabetes diner
Sugar factory?
Dude those burgers are tiny how can you only eat two  Also that drink is kidney failure in a glass
Even if they were dog, id eat like three. They don't look horrible. The hell is two
I love sugar the restaurant
This is so fake oml😑
Wait is that a Sugar factory because I had that burger at the sugar factory before end it also came with the rubber ducky two
But those burgers are actually good they even come with a toy duck lol.I can’t wait to go back
Bro spongebob pretty patty’s
He ate 3 tho
Taped out on 2? Where did the other ones go.....
Why does that guy look super douche bag like? Sugar factory is a waste of money
I feel icky watching this…
The sugar factory I see
Wym $200 he ate 3 !!!
You sound like the grown up dedotated wam kid.
I Thought those were MaCCarOoNS
He eat 3 not 2
I would eat all them in one sitting and pay for it
Do this but with a homeless person
I’m smashing all of those burgers wtf
Bro holy flat iron what happened to this guys hair
You at suger that the best place I been there
Wtf is this
Im 13. I bet you 1k i can finish them all in less than 3 minutes
Autism
dude got the look of someone who hasnt had a thought in yesrs
Nouuuuuuuuuu
Fake bills
Not the Pretty Patties
I lost the will to live watching this video
If ur wondering where this is its at Sugar Factory
I’m getting diabetes just watching this
He ate 3
Just no
