i’m trans and i thought the trans rep in this episode was awful and stilted. the forced deadnaming within 5 mins of meeting her, the “did you just assume their pronouns” cliche which i don’t think ive heard anyone actually say in real life, and then the binary/nonbinary thing and it cut to her???? insane. it was well intentioned but it just kept getting worse and worse.
Ugh, this special… was preachy
" ... BInary, BInary, BInary ..." good times ...
Leftish bullshit has ruined another show that used to be great. Congratulations to the political morons making decisions with the script.
There were a few issues, mostly at the end, but my biggest gripe was being reminded how much fun this show can be when it's well written. Having just finished Jodie Whittaker's run, it's really apparent how badly she was let down by flaccid story-telling, empty (or obvious) dialogue, and poorly developed characters, when you see it being done right.
I was OK...ish with the Sonic creating the screen, but the forcefields pushed waaaaay too far to me. How many times could that little feature have solved like 99% of their problems?
I like how they solved the Donna's gonna die mind crisis, she had a child who's non-binary and when her brains get scrambled from The Time Lord Powers being restored and the only thing Donna could repeat is binary like 1s and 0s but the solution was non-binary and Her biological child is non-binary so I sort of a problem shared is a problem halved so together they are a time lord. It's GREAT, binary and non-binary together it's like yin and yang IT'S AWESOME and I love that solution.  Also LGBTQ+ representation in a mainstream show LET'S FUCKIN GO all for inclusion and inclusive representation I am.  There is something I didn't get and the only thing I was even slightly irked by in the show, was when Rose said near towards the end we're going to do something that a Male presenting time lord could not do, and that's let it go, so we're just going to let it go and they vent the powers.   Like I thought it was an unnecessary gender wars comment that would be more at home maybe a decade or two decades ago when men vs women was a big thing.  To be honest with you, I think it's women who can't seem to let things go because they PETTY AS FUCK SOMETIMES, they hold onto the smallest things and even when they say it's alright it's rarely ever truly alright, so if anything is women are the ones who can't let the things go. But besides this unnecessary shot across the bow I very much enjoyed this episode.
I've really enjoyed Ellie talking about her Donna experience, and what it meant for her.     My teenage years more or less over lapped with the Tom Baker years, so I have a great nostalgia for that time.       There aren't many cultural experiences in our society that are cross- generational, maybe this can be one of them.       I also really appreciate the Who-  Culture channel for it's content focus, and lack of click-bait.      Thank you all for what you do.
I always thought Donna was kind of mid. She's older off the bat, I don't like her accent as much, and most importantly rose Tyler and Martha Jones (especially Martha Jones 😫) were baddies so I hated to see them go lol.
Meep turning out to be evil was way too obvious from the start.  Dr Who doesn't do children's stories about adorable aliens, and we know to never accept things at face value.
what a load of cow pads
one down for me was how much they told her how beautiful Rose was, she was the most beautiful woman in the world blah blah i felt they could have used diffrent words, like shes lovely or sweet or stunning something more natrual
As a trans person I was really happy with the way they handled rose in the episodes, as well as that conversation that Silvia and Donna had
They should have killed her. Don't let me cry for her.  And cry for the doctor that he had to kill her. And then say ""hey all good" .... That was the biggest downer for me. It destroyed for me the hole epic scene and the epsiode with it.
I hope the Sonic Screwdrivers new abilities are explained in some way, like the Sonic got software updates, or that the Doctor has modified the Sonic over the years because of course the Doctor would
You must have watched a version of Dr Who from a parallel universe. The whole thing has become a WOKE heap of crap. The Dr Who franchise ends after the next season.
It’s incredible to me that instead of learning from Chibnall’s mistakes, RTD said, “yes let’s go even harder with the heavy handed gender politics”
Pretty sure I wouldn't think that the TARDIS looks good if it wasn't for David Tennant running ridiculously happy and excited everywhere inside
I basically agree with all your points here
The new Tardis looks AWFUL.  It's so sterile.
Tired of the gender shit
First episode on Disney, and the villain is a MEAP! I can't possibly be the only one thinking of PHINEAS AND FERB and the Meap episodes, right?
I liked the episode but the gender theme was shoehorned in and such lazy pandering. I'd like to see a trans character in doctor who but if you watch the ep again, I dare you to be able to tell me 5 things about rose that don't involve gender. They didn't build her character at all and gave me no reason to get invested in her. She doesn't have characteristics even. Clara Oswald is perky,tenacious,sweet,formidable etc. The only thing I know about rose is that she's trans. Then the big reveal of how the trans/non binary "powers" saved Donna made no sense. They showhorned it in just to have the evil defeated by being trans or non binary. If rose had been watching them and figured out a big weakness of the aliens and it made sense like they didn't have sunlight on their planet so its sunlight that's kills em etc etc I would've loved it. But having gender identity save the day just seemed so lazy and like an obvious pandering to the lgbtq community.  I'm actually a supporter of the lgbtq community but I feel like this helps the community at all. What would help the community is to make a trans character the same as every other character in that show. In this case rose could've had an interesting backstory and personality that makes people love her no matter who she is. I was disappointed they took the easy one way out
Most of my issues with the episode are about the technical film making aspects.   The exposition and obvious dialogue was too hand-holdy. Who is best when its quick enough to leave you a lil behind if you miss a few lines.   Also weird holes with the lore. Why did 14 regenerate also regenerate the clothes? Why is the Doctor breaking into a fense that soldiers are maybe 15 feet away from with an unabstructed view. And alot of stuff (like the tardis) looked too sleak. Very Disney-Who sadly. Still liked it, but it was kinda mid.    Loved the aliens though. Loved Tennant & Tate, loved Rose (her monologues were trash but she did what she could with those awful scripts).
Oh for heaven's sake. The TARDIS sets itself up with a coffee maker in the control panel but doesn't make itself coffee-proof? That's just stupid, right there. Honestly the only part of the whole episode I hated.
Down for the odf ways they pushed in oddly placed LGBT stuff. Rose was awesome! Great character! But why was the fact they were nonbianiry have anything to do with the Doctor Donna it had nothing to do with gender. What was the point of her saying "Nom Binairy" after Donna started melting down and saying Binairy again? Again that had nothing to do with Gender... And that line about the Doctor not being able to let go because he is "Male presenting" thats sexist... Not just to Men but to anyone who wants to be male presenting and whole uneeded... Make the ending about how because the Doctor isnt human he couldnt let go, thay would come off so much better  I get it was trying to be a good message with these things, but came off overly clumsy, badly written and at worst just plain rude
Woke garbage
13:14  I take it as 14 learning from his past incarnations’ mistakes. I mean 7 did die from being shot up in a LA back alley
If you are under 25 years old, then you will love this pile of cr*p
I feel like the most derogatory stereotype for transgender people these days is the idea that they are all weirdos that throw a tantrum when someone uses the wrong pronoun/name. You have a person who has spent most of their life putting on a vastly different persona to try to fit in and who have risked destroying their entire life and all their relationships to finally realize they are allowed to be themselves. No they don't like it if you remind them of a burden they carried for a long time, but they have better things to worry about than what some random on the street calls them.
You're way too lenient 😂 i hated it this episode.. i grew up with doctor who as well.. and it didn't feel as before, today's doctor is just so.. hallow and dull.. it used to be so sharp and bright.. but anyway everyone has their own opinions, but some are more wrong than others 🤣
My biggest question was how old is Rose if there is a... 15 yr gap between when the Doctor last saw Donna. I guess I buy that Rose is 15..at the least 14?!
They have killed doctor who
The writing was absolutely terrible, ruined the whole meta crisis story line and undid some fantastic previous writing and character work.
I think the hard light hologram generation is a nice edition but the fact it can block lasers was too far
You missed one of the biggest comedic UPs - the psychic paper.. "CATCH UP!!" 😂😂😂 And I totally agree that the metacrisis resolution was too easy. Its like RTD said "time's up - time for a deus ex mechina!"
About the recap, Its possible not everyone watching is on social media/YT and if not they would have missed it, I myself would most likely have missed it cause I'm not checking the pages it would have been on that much.
Speaking of the sonic being too 'star trek' wasn't it in the Matt Smith era that they started using it as a GD tricorder? They already jumped the shark with that so why not have it draw holograms 🤷‍♀️
So I'm randomly watching scenes from Eccleston's Doctor and a scene from Parting of the Ways comes up. The Doctor is talking to Rose about having the TARDIS consciousness inside her and he says "just let it go" and I realized that RTD knew this all along! All Donna had to do with the Meta Crisis energy was just let it go.
Well the culture is crap. You are the proof.
We had very diffrent take-aways from the "non-binary" i like yours better.  also "only women understand how to just let go" meanwhile 94 year old Agatha who have been married to Harold for 70 years "you don't get any dinner tonight, cos i saw you look at the waiter at the restaurant when we were 15 once"
I really liked the episode outside of some clumsily written social portions. Notable the “ask the aliens gender”, “we’re binarh, she’s not”, and “we solved the metacrisis because we are women” bits. The first two felt like they could have been written to feel more organic (i.e. the doctor just asking the gender instead of needing prodding). But that last one just felt like a needless jab at men for no real reason, and the logic doesnt even make sense.
Has no one ever mentioned Miriam  Margolyes voicing the Meep.   I loved it!!!
22:57 the binary - non-binary situation was a bit too on the nose for me. But I understand the sentiment that they went for.   25:10 and the “let it go” was a bit too Disney.
I wasn't a fan of the Iron Man screen that The Doctor was using and the shield thing too. I loved the character it built where he would just listen to the sonic, wave it around, and stuff and get a bunch of information without a screen. I'm glad that so far it hasn't really come back.
Rose Noble: Something a make representing Time Lord wouldn’t understand.  Who the f$ck is this nobody character who the audience just met an hour ago to tell the MAIN PROTAGONIST that they’re smarter than him? 👎🏿
For a second, given the dialog and delivery, I thought the Wrarth were voiced by Taika Waititi.
Too bad as a big fan I can't watch these episodes without having to purchase another streaming service which I don't already own.  Corporate greed wins again.
t he real reason she ignored the spaceship crash i the defence the doctor put in her mind to stop her remembering they dont say it but it makes sense
But it was horrible.
Most people are comparing the list of words thing to the Winter Soldier, but it reminded me of "the doctor's wife" episode, where Rory and Amy open a door in the Tardis by thinking a list of random words/concepts because the Tardis is telepathic and that's how her locks work, so there's a precedent for that being how you unlock Doctor Donna.
For anyone who jumped in during Jodie Whittaker's run, its more of what you can expect from that. To those who are long time fans.... Its more of what you could expect from the jodie Whittaker run... Considering that the show was being considered for cancellation due to how poorly it was doing until pappa disney threw some money at it..... Im sure its got a long ride ahead of it
I like the episode. I just hated the man bad, women superior line at the end. There was absolutely no need for it. Sexism is sexism.
David Tennant doing laps around the inside of the TARDIS, no lie, had to be genuine glee. I know I'd do that.
With the sonic, I do have a suspicion that it may be related to Toymaker shenanigans. I'm not sure why, but my working theory is that it's one of the hints that something's slightly off, leading up to The Giggle (it's a very RTD thing to do).
You give ups far too easy 😂
The nonbinary thing didn't work for me.   First of all it really makes her being transgender feel like...its ment well but ends up painting rose as being abnormal or only transgender because she had timelord in her. It doesn't make sense and just sounds forced.  Second of all, Rose clearly identifies as a woman. I know it's a spectrum but still.  I have nothing to do with the LGBTQ community, but speaking as just an audience member it sounded stupid.  I thought the way she was portrayed up until that point was good though.
I hated the new sonic powers! They felt way too out of left field and didn't feel doctor who to me. It immediately pulled me out of the story
The episode was fine if it took out:  - pronoun introduction scene  - Binary scene  - sexist remark at the end towards The Doctor - child being a trans (Donna's Daughter) (not 100% confirmed but it is assumed the trans child is 15)
Poor Ellie... 2 specials and no Riversong.
Thanks!!
how could you give an up to the binary situation, when it was originally about computer code. then rose says non-binary. no. that is a total down!
It's Dead, sorry Ncuti Gatwa but no one is interested with chibnall changes and RTD is doubling down is just final nail in the coffin.
I hate the screen so much. I loved it when the sonic was pointed at something and then the Doctor just looks at it or listens to it or something. So much more mysterious.
Tbh I thought it was to woke. So I didn’t like it much. If they hadn’t of kept the gender thing to the one bit with Donna and her mum about rose transgendering, then it would have been better I think.
What a complete and utter let down. We have been complaining for years about the 'Woke' obsessional Chibnall, and the 'Fam.' The Doctor Donna meta crisis, was brilliant and a torturous but fitting ending for a partnership made in Heaven. Then this! I thought Moffat was bad enough with his obsessional resurrection of Clara, but this was taking the absurd to a whole new level. Binary, Binary Binary Balderdash! I have just rewatched the last Whittacker/ Chibnall Season, and found the Stories and Jodie superb, it felt evolved and grown up. Yasmin should of been the solo companion from the beginning. John Bishop, Cole and that bloke off The Chaser, all instantly forgettable. Everything has its time, as Sarah Jane said in School Reunion, and after watching Star Beast with Tennant and Tate looking very tired, I'm thinking she may of been right
I loved that the episode was based on a classic comic. Meep was a great character. The real drawcard was Tate and Tennant are back and the new Tardis interior was absolutely incredible to behold. Im so pleased for this new era in Dr Who after the mediocrity of last 4 seasons.
its pure garbage
The thing that i didn't understand and i wonder how noone has noticed...why is the Doctor surprised by the tardis interior? o.O Didn't he come out of the tardis at the beginning of this very episode? Didn't he see how the tardis looks on the inside? Why was he surprised?
This'll just be a little comment that nobody'll ever read 🙂 I'm watching 'The Star Beast' for the 1st time right now, and I feel this... warm relief... watching Dr. Who again that is just like the one I grew up with & that'd grown so dear to me. I'd reconciled myself with there being no more. I hadn't hoped for more 🥲 Count me a happy man today 🥰
Why Donna & Rose were running in the opposite direction to the cab when surely a meeting point was arranged is beyond me, just how old is Rose supposed to be; she looks too old for primary which is where plays are likely to be put on, belittling the Doctor isn't cool & the ominous "Donna is in peril" thing didn't really come to much when the memory wipe gets undone by a series of words like activating the Winter Soldier, also what are they going to do with that mind altering sun onboard the ship & it seemed weird when those kids were picking on Rose as it sounded like they were referring to her as "Jason" but then Donna referred to one of them was "Jason's boys", might need to eat that bit again....  Despite that I thought the episode was alright; the trans element was handled really well & liked how it was incorporated into the story, the build up was too big though & Donna wasn't really in danger at all!
Introducing the gender-nonconformity of a character by having people intentionally deadname them and then accidentally misgender them is a truly, truly horrible approach and the amount of people not only condoning it but actively praising it baffles me. The episode does decently elsewhere - praise that instead.
Thing is, i didnt see any stairs in that tardis, it all looked like ramps. And it may be silly, but as a wheelchair user, it made me so happy to think i could just swan about the whole TARDIS freely
Jeeeeaus christ Ellie, u know ur allowed to just say "wasnt sure if Rose was gonna be trans or not" u dont need to censor transness and just go "that situation", its not a dirty word???!?!
Idk y I kept seeing them as the federation  from Rick and morty
The Meep does have a name-HIS name is Beep. Yes the star beast does have he.
The New York Times reviewed this episode, marveling at the trans character and very carefully ignoring that Russell T Davies created both "Queer As Folk" AND Captain Jack Harkness. The Doctor I "grew up on" was Tom Baker: Tennant is the icing on the cake. I agree, I was able to step back into the TARDIS as if not a day had gone by since we saw his Doctor last, and it felt very, very good.
Ups and downs - WOW - you need to revise the terminology here. Using "downs" in a negative context is totally WRONG !! So glad they got evil Davros out of the chair too !!
I’m not massively happy with the fact that Donna and Rose were able to just let the doctor part of them go. Like, where does that Doctor energy go? Does it just dissipate? Surely a much better idea would be that they could have used their joint intelligence to extract the ‘Doctor energy’ from Donna and Rose into some sort of container that would then be sent to be filed by U.N.I.T in the black archive, but it got lost/broken on the way, which could pave the way for that energy to take over something/someone and go on to become the Valeyard? Just a thought
Absolutely FANTASTIC work on this Ups and Downs!. Several laugh out loud moments and I was feeling the excitement of the episode all over again! And WHAT AN EPISODE it was. Holy CRAP!!!
Re: the sonic's new abilities. I feel like it's like when a new coworker is hired and gets all new fancy bonuses that no one else got. Like, are you kidding me?? :) I agree with Ellie that they were a bit too Marvel. On the other hand, the rate that technology is improved, it wouldn't be outrageous for the sonic to improve and upgrade itself too, along with the TARDIS. But at some point it could be too much. (or could it?)
It was classic Dr Who...Big trouble. ..then poof...its fixed...The meta crisis  was delt with..didn't bother me one bit!
The big twist with all the information already in front of us was amazing, I loved that stuff, but the resolution at the end was just poorly scripted or something. There was something off about that whole resolution.
very biased. Please be more critical wthout fearing backlash. I could make an hour long vido about everything wrong with this episode of doctor who.
I want the sonic to be a multitool, not a whole truck full of abilities. The scanning for information part alone is strong enough to make it cool, bullet proofing is kind of op
The screen was ok, as long as they dont stop him doing the old squinting and holding it up to his ear bit It's cool they can use that as a visual to show stuff. However, they definitely made that screwdriver way too string with the bullet proof windows. I was SO hoping he was about to do the River Song and Captain Jack thing with the square hole in the wall function they both had, but they didn’t do that :(
That episode gave me such a smile the whole time, so much fun. Yeah there were weak points, but when isn't there with Doctor Who, it was great. I don't think I've ever actually watched the show as it came out, I always was waiting and then catching back up
Sweetheart - quick delete, so I can first say SUPERB job on the Ups& for StarBeast xxxx  BUT someone needs to show you how to turn off your notifications bar, say, your Mum and Dad until you can watch Ep 2. Someone will Tom-Holland-interview you for sure, so just turn it all off for 24 hours: just be selfish xx
Also this is why steven moffat was my favorite showrunner over RTD. RTD's has made me cringe sometimes, but also has some very good stuff. Steven i dont recall ever giving cringe
Elll, will you take BACK the down when you realize (and OH I hope I'm right here) that Evil Meep and metacrisis are only in their Ep 1/3 state? He's a clever bunny, that RT - you might *think* it's resolved too easily, and you'd be right IF it's actually been resolved... or maybe I'm still haunted by snow that was actually alien ashes
Hey El - yes, I'm commenting as I'm watching Ups& for the first time, like a chat: deal with it - re sonic: do me a favour and go back and watch the first season Tennant and Sir Ecclestone's series. I grew up with Baker-Davidson (and Pertwee re-runs), so the sonic was entirely new to me, and from the re-boot, I haven't had any issues with the supersonic being super : yes, it's brilliant when it's occasionally less than perfect, but my context feels different to yours about it being a bit naff: to me, it was always re-calibrating this, or hyper-whatever ing the signal of that, and I think it's from the early years of the re-boot xx
Ellie - darling - I'm giving you an 'up' for appreciating there might be new viewers coming in (also old farts like me, who forget things) and wanting a recap before watching the episode. Something likely v important to Disney, who have likely just spent serious $$ getting this franchise. But a big fat down for thinking *those* viewers are going to be invested enough - NEW viewers, El - to watch and remember a teaser, or to look it up in YouTubec beforehand. That's the kind of things invested people do, El, like me watching your stuff for the last several months. They don't need a recap; they just enjoy it. The people who need it are the ones who think on Saturday (or whenever they are looking for something new to stream) "You know, I might give that Dr What thing a go".  In short, it wasn't made for you, love; and Disney won't get/keep new viewers for of favourite franchise by asking them to go search outside references b4 watching....
I have a couple more downs than the ones in the video, the biggest being the "reverse destroying of London", of the engine stopped it should just stopped, not reform everything. I love the enthusiasm Ellie is showing in the video, this made my day.
10:30 Yeah. The UNIT. Organization with the best technology in the world and always ahead any other nation on Earth ......... but invalides need to use manual wheelchair? WTF! Really??
I feel like they could have almost gotten away with the whole- “of course you could t come up with this because…” in a better way by a very small and simple change.  When the meta crisis came up Donna stated that she could come up with ideas that he couldn’t because she had the time lord knowledge and that little touch of human that makes us so - intuitive/imaginative (?) - not sure of what’s the right word for it. Taking in time lord energy was killing her, but she was able to use that bit of brilliance and make it all her own at Journeys End.  Combine it with the sentiment that being a mother might have changed her view on the importance of family to make the change easier to give up- as opposed to when she felt that she wasn’t really anyone.   It would’ve been so easy to make this little change and make it work in a way that’s impactful for everyone.
I felt the "Something a male-presenting Time Lord will never understand." line was sexist and hypocritical. A non-binary character telling the Doctor (who is also non-binary) that it is impossible for them to be able to think like a female because they are physically male, is hypocritical and takes away from the non-binary/trans message that was just established.
The Meep was not made with CGI it's all practical. They had an actor inside for the movement and then several puppeteer controlling stuff like limbs and ears. Only a tiny amount of CGI was used to add expression to stuff like the eyes.
While I am absolutely ecstatic about having new Doctor WHO episodes ….   The one thing down side I have with the episode was that it seemed just a tad too easy to solve the crisis of the Metacrisis.  I do like “ the how” of it was averted , and that Donna did not have to die when she remembered being the “ DoctorDonna” - I just wish they had maybe lengthened it out a bit . At least across maybe two episodes..    It just seemed it was a lot to cram into one episode -    But - then again, it had been awhile since the Doctor had to repress all of Donna’s memories of being the DoctorDonna .  It makes sense that if she had a child she would have passed on part of the Time Lord “ essence” for lack of a better term since it had become an integral part of her  DNA. Half human / half time lord.  Too bad Rose wasn’t able to at least get to retain a small part of  it ….  Or some small  time lord ability .
Was absolutely terrible lmao they're absolutely obsessed with transexuals and pronouns... I just wanted some nostalgia and light entertainment not be berated for having a penis or taught about pronouns...
I quite liked the episode, not over keen on the Meep character, but okay. I was a bit concerned about Donna`s daughter being transexual. Before the Chibnall disaster, introducing an LBGT character would not have been a problem. "Bill`s a lesbian"  Fine. "Time Lords can be Black, and Women, and Black Women".  Okay It wasn't a problem. Then Chinball came along and shoved wokeness so far down our necks, it came out the other end. So, when a new character comes along who is Trans, oh no here we go again. But RTD wrote the character so well, it was back to, It doesn't matter. All is well. If this is to go by RTD has saved the show.
I'm rly disappointed and sad they used David Tenant for this.
Ellie is sooooo hot. Especially cause she’s nerdy hot ❤
The people bitterly moaning about the Woke Agenda Message in these comments are insufferable. There are critiques one could make about the handling of gender and identity in this episode...but bare inclusion of people that exist in spacetime isn't among them.
I'd rather that recap than nothing as I like getting in the characters heads but the way it broke the fourth wall felt more out of place than previous 4th wall breaking. It could have been Donna at the therapist and the Dr talking to the TARDIS... cut his part because it comes up again with the Unit agent.
For me the just let it go thing was a massive let down and just a rubbish end. Not only was it a really uncreative solution, they had to make it sexiest as well. It really lowered my opinion of the episode and took it from like a 6/10 to a 3/10.
Whats cool about this episode. the meep is part animatronic. theres barely any CGI in it. same with the Wrarth and the bottom of the ship was actually real too. If youve seen Behind the scenes. Its all there the one Down i do have tho, the whole Non-binary/lgbtq+ thing feels VERY forced and obvious. The show has been very political lately, and this isnt realllyy helping it, not that im hating on lgbtq+ or anything, but its just.. very non-doctor who.
Afraid this episode is going to date so quickly. It was an average mid-season story at best, but add in the pronoun discussion, the “male” identifying quip ( and thereby surely assuming the Doctors gender ID), etc etc and in future people will laugh about how so called grown ups and smart people talked this way.  Just bring back the best modern Doctor, and then give him a dressing down by an actor who only got the role because of how they identify, not discernible acting talent.  Doctor Who was a programme that the whole family could enjoy together. This episode seemed to be trying to ruin that, knowing the vast majority of people don’t agree with the side of the culture war the media and theatrical types inhabit.  Had such high hopes for the programme after the disastrous Chibnall era.  Such a shame I was so massively wrong. The new Davros Children in Need episode which I saw after this, just proved how awful it is going to be. I don’t know a single person who ever thought of a wheelchair user as evil because of Davros. I suspect RTD, who mentioned this is projecting his own guilty feelings over this, and trying to cover them up. Such a shame to follow Marvel down this road to lower viewing figures, and eventual cancellation  After forty years, I am done.  Ideology is killing fandom, this was all about “ the message”, and it is killing the messenger and the programme for many.  Such a shame
NPH is definitly the boss, right?
You should do a cringe countdown.  All the times you loose more Dr Who fans.  Just refer to all aliens as "it".
Agree about disliking the new “abilities” of the sonic. It’s already soo overpowered that they already struggle to explain why the doctor doesn’t “just use the sonic” to get out of a pickle. Is it going to be breaking or stolen every time they don’t want him to immediately overcome an obstacle?
Brilliant insight!
I dont fully understand the non binary bit as Rose goes by female pronouns but then everyone claims she is non binary. To me it screams of BBC higher ups and it was a massive down that could have ruined what was a brilliant episode. Also as someone else pointed out the whole its a woman thing and you wont understand bit was massively pointless and reafirms that men and women are different and that a transgender person will never fully understand what its like being the opposite sex
nope, lost a sub
I really hoped that the metacrisis problem would have been solved with the Doctor taking the energy and sacrificing himself like he did when Rose absorbed the time vortex.  I haven’t watched the full episode yet because I’m waiting for all three to come out, but I really didn’t like the “male presenting timelord” line.  It sounds like there is a lot of good stuff to make up for it, but I do get tired of this male bad, everyone else good sort of mentality.
Hi Ellie, hope you are good.  I feel I was very invested in the Doctor. I was born a year after the first episode aired.  Jon Pertwee was 'my doctor'.  I used to watch as the whole rest of my family would jump into the car and go out somewhere for the day every Saturday.  I would stay home on my own because, for 20 short minutes, there would be a new episode of Doctor Who.  Serial form, cliff hangers, no repeats, no catch up tv, no Sky+, not even a video recorder (ask your dad what one of those was!) to enable me to watch it at any other time than 'live'.  Great days!  Of course, it would take very skilled writing to produce something that can have broad appeal to amuse a veteran fan like myself, whilst amusing their kids, and pulling in a new generation of fans.  I remember when I tuned in for the first episode of the Jodie Whittaker run – I switched off when it became clear it was not written for the likes of me – the lines 'I thought you were a man' with the snarky instant comeback 'I had an upgrade', making that very clear to me – so not equality, but just another badly penned 'women are great, men are the worst' show.  I wonder how anybody with any care about the show can tolerate what happened on Saturday – 'Space Beast' suggested that we were in for a traditional Doctor Who romp.  However, the episode should have been called 'Stick it to the man' after all the physical, verbal, and mocking comments that we saw him have to soak up.  I think there might have been a bit of an uproar had the episode finished with 2 men telling a woman that they know everything, she knows nothing and, had she still been a man, then she would have understood.  Anyway, long way of saying that I have no interest now in anywhere else that the Doctor goes, who he travels with, who writes it, who he battles, or anything – I have clocked out.  I share the opinion of the BBC's own TV critic.  I am blessed with access to the whole back catalogue of classic episodes due to iPlayer, and have been having hours of fun with that since it went up.  I am sure the day will come when they get digitally 'corrected for the modern audience' (e.g. Davros being deep-fake swapped-out with the new Hitler style white middle aged man version, so that he can not offend anybody, etc).  What puzzles me a little is if Whoculture loves the doctor (after all it gives it plenty of support, free promotion, all round love - seemingly, getting absolutely nothing in return – not even an invite to a preview screening of the new episodes before they go to the public) – then how can it accept, still support and love the direction being taken?  As with new episodes of the show itself, I also take this as my cue to say goodbye to Whoculture too because it won't have anything that I need to hear from now on.
How I did not notice Ellie has such beautiful eyes before!
I laughed when you talk about "classic" who. I am old😂 Being a fan from the very beginning of the doctor in the 1960's, I cannot give an UP for all of the Marvel crap they added. I was totally lost regarding how the Rose power worked towards anything. It's so Disney. ❤❤❤DT. So sad to hear that the actor behind Wilf died
I can certainly understand your "Doctor Who is BACK" comment regarding RTD and Tennant/Tate.  I'm 61 years old now, and my intro to Doctor Who was back in the 70s when PBS here in the States carried the Baker/Sladen episodes. So for me, seeing Lis Sladen in "School Reunion" with Tennant (who watched her when HE was a kid and now got to be The Doctor alongside her as SJS!) was my big fandom moment.  I would put Tennant and Tate alongside Baker and Sladen as the best pairings in DW history. A dead heat between them for sure.
this was unfortunately a bad episode of doctor who wish there was more shaun temple
I just want to say for anyone seeing the amount of 'doctor who is still dead' or whatever bullsh*t appearing on youtube because I know it can be quite irritating to see. Please remember that these videos are all conservative echo chambers, made by creators who consistently peddle right wing narratives. Their videos, the comments and ratings on their videos are not indicitive of anything whatsoever, other than a bunch of hateful conservatives coming together to hate anything remotely 'woke'. I personally found a couple moments in this episode cringe but I'm not pathetic enough to let that make me hate an entire episode. These people are. They want doctor who to fail because it is clearly leaning towards progression, rather than Fascism. I reccomend you avoid clicking out of curiosity because then youtube will start reccomending you more alt right youtubers. Yes I did find the 'just let it go' moment incredibly cringe, however like I'm said I'm a normal person who doesn't hate everyone so it didn't ruin the episode, let alone the whole show for me.   TL;DR The videos hating on this are all well known awful conservative youtubers, ignore them. This episode did fantastically, universally loved by doctor who fans and broke ratings records. The couple preachy dumb moments were obviously not enough to ruin it. This is reality, don't let the loud conservative voice on youtube annoy you and avoid clicking their videos.
Ups and Downs for Doctor Who? Does Simon Miller know?😂 Jkjk I think this is excellent.
I started watching Doctor Who back in the 70's  I am so sad
25:41 anyone else notice the “Cyberdog” cyborg things in the background here? Ngl, I only just noticed this while watching this video. Maybe a hint at what’s to come?
I think the sonic being able to use hard light technology is actually pretty cool and not at all outside the realm of what is possible.
I'm a redhead and I'm sick of being dragged into the woke agenda! I see it in advertising on the BBC's rival commericial channels all the time where there's a woke trend to have a red head and black couple because they think that's what they have to have in ads today in order to sell their products to minorities and tick a few boxes. I don't need it in a show that is strong enough to sell itself, or rather used to be. I'm not an ethnic minority and refuse to be treated as such! Is it any wonder us redheads have a reputation for having a fiery temper?
I always thought Nerris was like a cousin or something.
The whole "Binary/Non Binary" resolution was... how can I say this? Handled poorly. I didn't like it one bit, seemed pulled out of thin air. I am all for inclusivity, but this was not the way
No. Just no. I don't turn on sci-fi to be preached to, nor to constantly have The Message crammed down my throat. And  I have NO USE for the overt misandry and the overall contempt for the vast majority of fans. I came back for Tennant, but I'm done for good now. Nuke everying after Capaldi.
In typical bbc fashion, they ticked all the diversity boxes.
I'm not against the sonic screwdriver screen (at first I thought it was a representation of how The Doctor has always 'seen' it through the psychic/sonic connections. I'm okay with them upgrading it so now it's easier for companions to see too. I saw someone else talking about how the sonic sunglasses ties into him realising having visuals like that makes it much easier for the companions to help and use it too.  The forcefields I have a harder time with. Restructuring and energising the air molecules using the sonic vibrations to temporarily align them into an energy grid? Eh, I feel that may be one in future series where people go 'why doesn't The Doctor just do this again!?'  I don't dislike it to the point of hurting my thoughts on the episode, I'm a solid 8.5/10 on it, a fantastic start. But yeah, some skeptical bits.
Noooo the doctor Donna are was retconed for ‘the message’ which is what the last 5 years of doctor who has been about. The doctor was totally undermined at the end because he was not a woman, despite him being a woman moments before the episode! What a joke it all is!! Just narcissistic. So belittling of such a great character once again.
Dr Gag me
My issue with the episode and whole episode arc of Tennant returning is, I don't understand the appeal of Donna Noble with fans. I stopped watching her original run because all she ever does is complain...about everything! Even in Star Beast, she's complaining about the holiday, complaining about her giving away her lottery winnings, damage to the house, its just non-stop whining. Rose and Martha were active partners in the adventure. I NEVER felt that with Donna. Also her story was done. If you are going to revisit this Doctor then bring back Martha, the companion who truly could use more exploration. She could have been the UNIT tie in. Someone needs to explain to me what is so appealing about Donna Noble?
I think I would've much preferred if DoctorDonna had been doing something in the subconscious mind all these years that ENABLED her to give up the metacrisis. And that's why little leaks were happening. Because DD never stopped trying to save herself.
This episode saddened me. The dialog was stupid and poorly written. "Something a male representing Timelord will never understand", like wth. This ruined doctor who. They ruined donna. They ruined her perfect ending just for quick jokes and to be woke. Why would a 26 yearold play a 14 yearold. Why wouldnt the doctor understand something based off of their gender. The only thing i liked was the screwdriver, but they have ruined so much.
oh rose aint confused, thats a transman wearing female parts expecting to be accepted to solve a long running issue in doctor who: fuck no. horrible solution
I like how well according to google and articals I’ve see they’ve got a trans character. Not sure if you were referencing that for the LGBT+ community.
It's amazing ( not really) how the reviews I see from white boys is mostly negative and everyone other than a white boy is mostly positive.  I understand no one likes to feel preached to but on the other hand...if you are getting THAT bent out of shape about it then maybe its a sermon you still need to hear. Because everyone else can take the little SJW messages in stride - as we have been doing in sci fi for as long as sci fi has existed. . Which is to say...no the liberal messaging is nothing new for sci fi and certainly not for Dr. Who. At most they've just stopped trying so hard to blend or hide the messages. But I keep coming back to ---- this shouldn't bother anyone as much as it's bothering a lot of these cranky little white boys.
I acually like the Scredrivers hard light constructs. It gives the Doctor a way to defend himself that isnt just a Deus Ex Machina hecking tool. It basicley gives the writers more options how the Doctor can stop the villian ore just a fun thing to play around with. It has potential AND...it allows them to make the Villians acually HIT the Doctor but he has a way to defend himself, cause one big issue I have is that its kinda hard to take the Daleks seriously, if they cant aim fore shit. Altaugh I have a small theorey that them unable to aim is acually a overlooked design flaw in there eye ore somthing there aware of but there superiority complex dosnt allow them to fix the issue
"My childhood has just been reignited, in an hour." PERFECTLY sums up my experience. Having a brother come out as trans since I last saw Tennant and Tate made this episode ever the more amazing to me. Dr. Who is BACK indeed!
leave it to Disney, to kill a franchise...😪
That you can slip up when a famaly member ore close friend turns out trans is wary common. One of my clsest friends came out as trans a couple of months ago and at the beginning I out of habit said He instead of she and it just takes a bit of adjusting time because you often just dont notice that you even made the mistake, you dont do it conciously.
I like that the sonic screwdrivers screens and supposed "forcefields" are both the same BECAUSE the sonic screwdriver has copious amounts of energy which in real life energy can be made into plasma! So my theory is that the sonic makes a modified version of pure plasma that hardens with the ability to float just as the Tardis does... because in the Doctor who universe floating objects are actually quite common!! therefore I think the new sonic was the doctor tinkering with his old sonic to find new utilities in it straying from the "Different case, same software" trope. I really like to see this series evolve and since this episode was to celebrate 60 years, I think they did perfectly!  I do see your point however, take this comment however you like I don't really care if you have a different opinion than me because you are entitled to your own opinion.
Final time watch who culture
I appreciated the episode for the nice plot and well-constructed characters but I would have avoided filling it with decontextualized Woke ideology.  it's interesting to note how Rose took care to underline the use of the correct pronoun for an alien but then "devalued" the Doctor as male when in reality, dear RTD, the Doctor is perhaps the first non-binary character created in history of television and for this reason we could even do without your moral and progressive lessons
You seriously thought that was a good episode? it was dreadful. Another nail in the coffin of what was once a great series. David Tennant took new Who to some of its finest highs and helped solidify the show. Pity about Donna Noble, to me she was one of the worst companions and I was dissappointed to hear of her return. Sadly Jodie Whttaker was wasted with terrible scripts and an appaling agenda. But this episode, seriously a worthy 60th? I think not. Akk I can say is its definatly Disney garbage and maybe thats where it should be left to die
I love the new abilities of the sonic screwdriver. It was my favorite thing about the episode.
My issue was the way of getting rid of the metacrisis. It was very lazy and a very sexist ending. Could have been better.
Binary. We have all missed the genius of RTD. Ellie, this is the most relaxed I've ever seen you. This is a Sean-Worthy review. And you have hit every note perfect.
I'm sorry. The credibility this channel once had just was lost.  Unsubscribed and thanks for all the fish
I'm not sure if it's only an American opinion, or as a Florida resident like myself, but when I heard Donna and Rose say we'll just "let it go," I said to myself yes that is a dig at disney. We are so sick of Frozen. 😂😂😂😂
I liked a lot of the new special. Unfortunately, there were at least four moments where I was completely taken out of the story. Moments where boxes were checked off and I was hit over the head with a frying pan. Dr. Who used to be better than that.
I was expecting that marvel style whoniverse opening. That would have been awesome.  “Tuna Madras” “Meep, Meep” 😂  Not touching the whole “Something a male-presenting Time Lord will never understand.”.” bit then? Don’t blame you.
HUGE DR. WHO FAN! Sorry, but I did not like it felt too forced trying to make a statement of ideology.
Why are you acting all zany?
With u on the sonic abilities
Here are my ups and downs for this, it's going to be some things   Downs:  - The production, I got massive movie vibes from it, like when you adapt a TV show directly to a movie format and give it a big booming cinematic score. it looks great, it sounds great but it didn't feel like who so the episode didn't hit nearly as hard as it did  - Over reliance on the doctors sonic, it was a tool for getting out of a locked room, setting off mines and fiddling with electronics back in the day and it didn't take away from the doctor, it was a literal last resort item but now it's so advanced that it's able to blow up time war daleks,  create bullet proof shields and interactable holograms is just.... what?? it should be noted other gallifreyans have sonics and so do other species/races etc so I'm only pointing out the doctors, not replicas or specific versions like romana's or quadrigger stoyn's   - Rose, she wasn't in the episode for THAT much, right off the bat rose is already more likable than 13th's yaz and rose should be a future companion to a future doctor.  - The 2nd scene with rose, it felt like it stuck to that for too long and it felt somewhat awkward, what I think they should have done was given donna's mother an explanation like she wanted for example "  it doesn't need explaining, she's blossomed into a wonderful person" or something to that effect, my point is it could have been handled a little better  - The meep, The meep sounds like salad fingers before the meep goes all murder-y and I will die on that hill  - Donna's false death, without meaning any disrespect her dying there saving everyone as the doctor donna... it would have been the perfect end to an amazing character but they fudged it.  -- The episode felt rushed, some area's in the episode held on for too long, some didn't last long enough  ups:  - Title Sequence is beautiful, but a small nitpick is one particular section comes off as too fantasy-esq/ marvel-y   - David Tennant's agility, the way that man moves when he's trying to stop the meep's ship.... oh my god, he's 52 and can still move like that?? unless it's a body double  - The doctor's decision to restore donna, when he gets emotional and basically breaks down just grabbed me by the heart... like what?? why am I feeling this way??  - Supporting LGBT, non binary etc .. I don't need to explain this, it's always good  - Donna, I don't need to say more  - New scientific advisor,  she's got a chair straight out of james bond and she's a cool character  - New TARDIS console room
Stop being so mad at the super Sonic lol. If it solves every problem in an easy and eye rolly way like it has sometimes in the past, due to budget? Fine. The shield thing? It was a little OP at that point. But the screen was super cool and he only really used it in those 2 scenes. So i think, if not done to death, it's gonna do some cool stuff, with that Disney money behind it.
You mean like the point where they had to correct him for misgendering but at the end assume the doctors gender by referring to him as a man in a condescending way?  That and all the woke garbage yeah they destroyed doctor who its the biggest tripe of woke propaganda and tripe i have ever seen.
Shouldn't the line at the end 'shame you're a male' exclude the *coughs* daughter? I don't care how much the media pushes it. Rose was originally a guy. HE'S just as worthless as the doctor according to Donna.
Hi, sorry, new viewer here (for you not Who) just wanted to let you know that you should kindly delay the other two videos you're about to make about this episode, indefinitely. As I won't be watching. My first time here on your channel and I struggle to understand how you see nothing wrong with this. And with that I take my leave. Have a nice day.
it's really interesting how many ups are actually hard downs but if your income is directly tied to the success of a franchis, ofc you try to find alot of ups... even when davies stands on top of dr who, drops his pants empties his colon on it, puts stickers with the faces of tate and tennant on it and everyone who doesn't like this can go eff himself. i'm sorry ellie... you should watch out for a new job because this franchise is gonna go down... i thought chibnal destroyed who and had really hoped that davies, tennant and tate would bring back some good storytelling and believable plots... but ooooh boy was i wrong. i bet a 12 year old could write a more believable and interesting plot than that.. this episode was the final nail in the coffin for me... it was fun watching 12 marvellous incarnations... good bye doctor...
27 ups and 4 downs??  Wtf!?  This show and like everything else in the entertainment world is full of idiots!  And this reviewer like everyone else from this generation wouldnt know the difference between their ass and their elbow  The show was utter tripe and at 44% on rotten tomatoes with the lowest viewing ratings for a dr who special you.must be off your nana love!
100% agree with all of the downs!!
You only have to look on the internet to see you are misguide. Dr Who R.I.P. .....dont be bitter, its not your fault your not a real Dr who fan.
"yes, we know.  We know everything, thanks.  And you know nothing. It's a shame you're not a woman anymore, because she'd have understood.  We've got all that power, but there is a way to get rid of it. Something a male presenting Time-Lord will never understand." Actual dialogue taken from 'Doctor Who - The Star Beast' (2023).  What exactly was Russell T Davies and the production team trying to convey with this - the most bigoted and sexist speech in the history of Doctor Who?
I'm sorry, I had a few "downs" with "The Star Beast".   The episode seemed rushed, The Meep reveal was way too soon (it could have been drawn out longer, with clues to it), and the music was WAY too over-wrought/over-orchestrated for the situations (This was a Doctor Who special episode, not "The Ten Commandments").  And, I do NOT like the TARDIS interior.  Too "antiseptic" for The Doctor (yes, the 1st Doctor's was the same),  and way too large (It's the TARDIS, not JJ's Enterprise [which I don't like either]).  I'm old, and a purist/traditionalist, I guess.  I like the TARDIS with a more "lived in" look.  Gives it "character".  Oh well, I'm not the showrunner, so I'll just have to see what comes along.  I may wind up taking another "break" from The Doctor, like I did after the Rosa Parks episode (I prefer the Doctor to be an inadvertent part of history, not purposely affecting it).  Now, you kids GET OFF MY LAWN!   ;-P
Another episode that focuses on feminism at the cost of pacing and adventure. It’s like they want people who are not overtly woke to run away from Doctor Who. It worked on me as I won’t be watching the rest of this. If you enjoyed this I’m glad they made something for you.
Not going for dramatics, just sadly stating a grim realization: Doctor Who isn't for men (or at least men like me) anymore.  That's okay, we've had our fun, but we are no longer included in the adventures now; its other peoples' turn to run with them.  The message has been there subtly for a little while, but having my absolute favorite character speaking the author's words tells me where we stand in the Whoniverse firmament.  I know millions of other fans will pass this by and forget it, and it doesn't "enrage" me or anything; it just makes me feel like an old friend has turned me away.  Doctor Who will carry on new and wonderful and be a spectacular success and we all know this to be true; it's just that guys like me aren't part of it.  Since 1978, I've been proud of this old show representing new thoughts and ways to look at the human condition, especially the Environment, Nationalism and Gender roles, and we will be replaced by younger, newer hearts who will love this epic story for another 60 years.  It is just sad to be shown how we are regarded in this spectrum.  Good luck, Doctor Who.
Why do writers always have to do this. Episode would be fine, not brilliant but good if they did not want to fill it with every cultural problem we have in society. It is so packed with how to call someone, which gender is better, are transgender people feeling beautiful, etc. it just take your attention back to reality. When I watch Doctor Who I want to be drawn into another world. Also more interesting is that writers behave like every movie or episode have to be packed to full like it was their last chance  to make a stand. What a joke, borrowed story from Star Beast, nostalgia trip and all of this sprinkled with cultural problems. Escapism is hard to find nowadays.
Your clearly easily impresses. It’s childish drivel. Nothing more.
I'm not sure how they could bring back Wilf for the episode, since Bernard Cribbins died last year. In fact, I thought that was for sure where the conversation was going when they started talking about him, because of Cribbins' death. I guess they could get another actor to play the role of Wilf.
I cried when Donna was in the Doctor's arms too. Great video :)
Preachy,  Woke,  Mental Illness Affirming garbage.  I thought RTD was gonna fix things, not jump on the deluded Pronoun Train.  Goodbye Doctor
It was rubbish. The Doctor has know pain, suffering and loss no being should ever know. He is wise, caring, but also ruthless. He’s seen humanity from beginning to end. He knows the human race better than we know ourselves   And he’s put down with a cheap shot “you’d have understood if you were still a woman”… And RTD…possibly the greatest writer ever in the shows history (and who I thought would have saved Dr.Who from the bs that was 13) destroys some of his best work ever for a cheap shot messsge? We were supposed to feel the pain of loosing Donna, we were supposed to know how it tore the Dr apart. And RTD did that..Wifs salute to the Dr in the end of time had me in tears. And RTD absolutely 💩 on that with a “we can just get rid of that cos we’re women” moment? What the actual F????  Oh and the whole meep thing was just pants.  Right…flip side. The one single crowning piece of absolute genius about the whole episode…was when Rose was dead named. THAT was strong. That was powerful and that was a brave move by the producers. And that is what’s needed to spread the message. Not all the “look at me I’m empowered” crap   Yes inclusivity and acceptance is hugely important..making it the driving force of the show isn’t.  And one final thought.  Belittling and correcting the Doctor is something his enemies have tried to do all through time and failed. It’s not something his friends and companions should succeed in doing in cheesy remarks
Am I the only one to pick up on Ace's voice towards the start? or did I imagine it? I agree about the upgraded Sonic. Step to far, it was dropped before for being usedto much to get writers out of a plot corner.
It was a great episode, I just wish it didn't have the man bashing in it .
Actually the Meep is called Beep
@whoculture ... I'm sorry Ellie.... BUT I will need someone to spoil things to, and only because you begged not to be told... I now have to tell you (in typical master fashion 😈😂)
It's a brand new sonic, and with every generation of the sonic it gains a new feature... Usually physical or small (granted) but still I new feature... Case in point, rivers RED setting 🤷‍♂️
Just gonna gloss over the "male-presenting" line? I really hate this line
The TARDIS looks like Professor X’s Cerebro. Seriously, it was too much Disney that took away from what the show is. The UNIT helipad like Stark Tower, the sonic screen that looked like Tony Stark’s tech. And they pushed the message ( that it was brilliantly done with Sylvia and Donna’s exchange) that the whole shaming of the Doctor like, “you don’t get it because you’re male facing” when he was just a woman! I was completely disappointed with this episode. The 50th was great and the 60th should’ve leans in more to celebrate the past 60 years.
Yeah I felt dear RTD wrote himself into a corner with the metacrisis. Donna had her memory wiped to keep her mind from burning when all she had to do was be like Elsa and just let it go.
My first doctor was William  Hartnell.  When Dr. Who returned in 2005, I watched it originally just out of curiosity,  but very quickly became hooked, and haven't missed an episode since. However, if I had been watching "Starbeast" just from curiosity I don't think I would have been hooked in the same way. I enjoyed it, but I don't think it was one of the great episodes.
The whole just let it go ending wouldve been more impactfull at the end of the last special
Yeah... nope. This episode was too preachy and not my cup of tea. I don't care for The Message... don't push it on me. I DON'T CARE about other people's lifestyle. I will just stick to DW (1963-2017). Plain simple Sci Fi without agendas.
On the new TARDIS interior, did you notice they're not stairs but ramps? Possibly foreshadowing that UNIT's new scientific advisor might be playing a visit? That and that it wants to be more inclusive for visitors who can't deal with stairs?
The new tardis is full of ramps. I am so sure the girl in the chair will be a new companion.
A little to much focus on ProNouns and female vs male.   Please keep woke out of Who
I don't understand why so many people have issues with the transgender topic on the story. If they are true fans, Dr Who has always been inclusive of all species of the universe and variations of humans.
Notice she skip the "why u assuming he as a pronoun" scene
I enjoyed every moment of the episode  ellie doing ups and downs is my favorite she very beautiful ❤
Has anyone else looked at the UNIT solders uniform and thought spaceballs?
I agree. I looked tidy and clean but it was a bit too far.
in regards to the sonic, i rewatched the rings of akhaten and noticed that the 11th doctor uses the sonic as a force field to protect clara and merry. the only difference in this ep with the shield is that it looks more sleek and modern, which makes sense given the passage of time and the different style of the 14th doctor. i can’t really explain everything else he did with the sonic but i agree that it was too op for the doctor. it took me out of the immersion of the episode, however i still really enjoyed it🙂
Was Meep, Baby Yoda but with attacking theeth?
I really could not get into any of the stuff in the episode. I fucking love tenant but there was nothing in the episode that felt great or amazing or special
Big ups for me? The way the introduction of Rose was handled, little bullying, little confusion, nothing more needed (more on that later) and also the fact the story wasn't trying to preach. Recent history was all about preaching right in your face rather than telling a good story. The lows? The whole binary/non-binary just felt forced and cringe. And I think enough people have mentioned letting it go. Leave that to Elsa and let's understand men can let things go just as well as women. Sexism is sexism in any guise.
The new Sonic abilities are not too far fetched.  It's big leap for the Doctors Sonic, but if we go back to the introduction of Captain Jack, his Sonic device was able to open temporary portals through the wall and floor.
Didn't think it was possible to be worse than Jodie Whittakers Dr who but they somehow achieved it..... What an absolutely awful Dr who. Literally 45 minutes of pushing the message..... Time to give it up BBC....
Cherish and remember that scene where the Doctor and Donna first meet. Why? Because it is the ONLY scene in the *entire* episode where we see bystanders pointing their smartphones at an unusual event. Insectoid aliens wander around suburbia unnoticed. A battle takes place in a suburban street but no-one notices it taking place right outside their homes. Walls collapsing in attics evoke no curiosity from householders. Rose and her/their/its friend go to look at an alien escape pod but despite being teenagers neither carry a smartphone with them. A group of people are standing near the escape pod but nobody is taking selfies next to it. Why not?!?  Apparently in the Whoniverse on modern day Earth social media is not a thing.
The Sonic is a classic Deus Ex Machina, and always has been. It's capabilities are whatever The Doctor needs it to do that episode.
Doctor who’s always been progressive, and let’s face it it’s always been pretty queer. I used to work in a hotel that regularly held doctor who conventions, and they were always frequented by loads of queer people especially gay men. So having Rose in it with her story and the non binary meta crisis bit felt on brand.   However the whole “we just let it go” bit was a complete cop out. I’d have loved it if Rose and Donna jumped in the tardis to try and figure something out, 2 specials to save them from burning up, that would’ve been amazing. It’s super lazy to say “you wouldn’t figure this out for being male presenting”. I actually forgot it happened until rewatching, it was such a disappointing end to it.   HOWEVER  the episode overall was outstanding despite the above and despite the mega-screwdriver. Tennant and Tate were magical, I thought I would hate the Meep but it was amazing, I felt like a kid watching this
do people even watch the episode?... people complaining about the whole "letting it go" when it comes to the meta crisis but if you actually WATCH the episode it is still stated that it is still a problem and a solution needs to be found since the passed down meta crisis only slowed the issue down.
The super-sonic screwdriver annoyed me. I liked that it was always somewhat limited in its uses, like it doesn’t work on wood… but now it’s full on Stark tech with screens and shields, it’s lost a bit of fun by being OP.
I personally feel the sonic has done things much more fantastical in the past. The difference being they weren't visually fantasical.
Are you ok?? It was a shit show to put it nicely.
Thank you, I hate the new sonic, it’s a lot of crap, also why wouldn’t the first doctor not have that? I appreciate you brought that up
How much were you paid to give this episode a positive review? You have problems with the sonic screwdriver and not the weaponized wheelchair is some how not motorized?  THey took one of my favorite episodes "The Doctor Donna" and crapped all over it. Plus they all talked down to Tenant's Doctor just for being male? Please this is a big middle finger to true fans of the shoe.
The cringey lines and poor acting with the amazing special effects and unreal shots made it feel like fever dream
Russell didn't want people to see disabled people as evil so he made Davros walk again....Rose is trans. Rose is also infected/contaminated ( ???) with the meta crisis...Rose is in fact different. She may in fact be not totally human.  Also kids were bullying Rose in front of Donna??!! That  must have been the first time cuz Donna would have a reputation as someone you don't mess with.
You don't want to be mean, that's nice, but I'm French so I have no problem saying it : the two people I feel bad for tonight are Moffat and Chibnall, who just received a masterclass in storytelling and screenwriting from RTD. No more rushed endings, no more "Tell, don't show", no more cardboard characters. after years of meandering, the Doctor is back.
A huge down, at least for me, was that if this episode was meant to be an re-introduction of David Tennant's Doctor, there was no explanation by the Doctor on why the name Rose is so important to him.  In the TARDIS, I think, Donna could have asked the Doctor about Rose.  And then, have the Doctor waffle and misdirect on who he cares about the most: Donna or Rose?  With the Doctor deliberately avoiding that answer, then the last bit with the coffee could have happened.
I think the recap was forced upon by Disney, because Disney thinks that viewers--including the fandom--are incredibly stupid.  Disney always wants things dummied down, which explains why MCU Phase 4 really sucks.
I really liked the more subtle inclusion of progressive ideas in this epsidoes. In the last series, it felt like the story were written only for the progressive ideas and the question if it was actually a working story came after, which actually harms progressive movements. People accept and work with progressive ideas when they are part of the story and work to elevate it, instead of making the idea the whole reason in a failed attempt to preach. The only time this better approach really fell flat was the line "a male-presenting time lord wouldn't understand". That was a massive fuck you to the complete message of non-binary thinking and acceptance. Honestly, after the complete positive vibe the story gave (even though it mixes up non binary and trans), this was simply a gutpunch.
I clearly don't understand this show anymore because I'm a cis white man. That's what I learned in this episode. Very educative 10/10
It was a GREAT episode!   And you know what... I DID NOT NOTICE THE ENTIER EPISODE that her daughter is trans. I thought she was being bullied for being tall or mixed or something and I am a complete goof for not noticing....   ORRRRRR It proves that being trans is no big deal at all. ¯\_(ツ)_/¯    Either way it was really fun. It was just nice to see and feel this whole vibe again.
What’s the issue with her seeing the Doctor if to remember him requires him saying a long list of words. Just feels way too much like Donna and the Doctor spent far too much time together in the episode and she should’ve remembered sooner.
The Meep was a great technical achievement, but not sure how really threatening (s)he is to the more years-gifted viewer.  A furry, not particularly mobile, ET with a set of gnashers.  Not sure whether the mind control was from the Meep itself, which would make a more formidable foe, or from its equipment.
I have little problem with the sonic screwdriver upgrade.  We've already established that the sonic gets upgraded over time, just think back to Matt and David's encounter as they pull out their respective tools (make up.your own jokes).  Also given the awesome power of the TARDIS it's not unreasonable that the sonic can somehow tap into that to create mid-air sheilds and heads up displays.
"Put a chick in it and make it lame and gay"
Here's why i have come to love the writing in this one (after the first view) even more - i had no idea Rose was trans. I didn't know it beforehand because i hadn't followed any leaks or news, i'm austrian and i *sometimes* have trouble with the english on the show and the deadnaming was one of them; i didn't catch they were shouting "Jason" and just assumed they were being racist, and the episode didn't put a coat on her for being trans. Loved it. Didn't hit me until a friend told me what the kid pricks were shouting. Felt a bit dumb for a moment. Then it all fell into place.  I love it that a character just *can* be trans and it's not a big deal, not positive, not negative, it's just a part of the backstory end of discussion. Meanwhile irl i just the other day had to pretend i'm fine with being asked about my transitional status by a job market manager because fuck it if you tell them why it's hilariously not their business you just end up being the asshole in everyone's eyes. fml.
It felt like a high budget 2005 episode which I enjoyed until the end - however, as others have said the ending was terrible. Major plot device just being swept to one side because “we were woman”… they need to do better because people stop watching pretty quickly
9:48, agreed. While the sonic is a multi tool plot device, all holograms require a projector, even in the most sci-fi of things. This hologram lacks a projector, something established hard in sci-fi for many years.
What a dumb ending...
28:59 I'm a little worried, honestly. Feels like it could be an ending. Bookends, you know?
27:51 Made me wonder if part of the reason he seemed reluctant is due to him remembering Amy and Rory.
26:34 Absolutely!
24:49 If it helps anything, I think this sort of option was only possible with Rose sharing the energy. That bought them enough time to figure out how to purge themselves.
24:10 I mean, the Meep basically got defanged once the ship and the soldiers got taken away from them. Seemed sort of natural at that point.
21:11 Oh, yeah! I didn't think of that! Good point.
14:36 Not just CGI. Janky special effects in general! Cybermen with cloth gloves and so on!
11:19 Also really liked Sean in this episode. I'm very glad that they brought him back rather than writing him off or saying he's died in the time since or what have you. Not only did they avoid fridging him, they made him a real asset to the episode. A+ all around for that, I'd say.
9:32 Interactive hologram, you mean? Eh, it'll probably grow on us. Giving the Doctor some way to show visual displays for exposition purposes seems like a good call in the long run.
8:29 Also, wasn't Meep all practical effects? At least that's what I've heard. Impressive if true!
5:44 Let's face it, UNIT probably has standing orders to ignore him at this point. "Just let him go and do his thing, pretend not to notice, he gets like this sometimes." Probably helped that he had his new/old face, of course.
5:30 Loved how they kept bringing that up. 😆
5:07 "Frenemy," I think, sums it up best. And keep in mind, it's been *over a thousand years* from the Doctor's perspective. Heck of a long time to hold onto details like that.
4:45 Oh God, you really were a child growing up when it was first airing, weren't you? Okay, sorry, gonna need a moment to get comfortable with that thought, one sec...
I really like your channel. Very positive and energetic. Do you review Marvel too? I need to watch a positive review of The Marvels. I LOVED that movie. But most reviews are negative. I’m like, chill out bros! It’s a fun movie!
LOVED the new Tardis! I sincerely hope Donna didn't burn it down. Liked Shaun and mum and Science Advisor! Music was good. HATED the episode. Everything else was down. Ugh Disney! Knew the cuddly was the baddie immediately. Why David Tenant AFTER Jodi? Is there only one Rose in the multiverse? The room was split ugh. Binary non binary? Ugh I thought it was tacky and they can stop hitting us over the head with it. Can't the Doc have hmm maybe one or two OTHER devices? I think it's good that he can make bullet proof screen, that's cool, but can't he just have one other thing to do it?
The ending monalog was a big down, disrespectful to the doctor. " we know everything, you know nothing"... you have his timelord knowledge..his, so no. And then girl stuff and gender talk was horrible. Cool that the kid helped mom share the power. But they they ruined it.
It kills me that Ellie says she saw the Donna episodes as a kid.  It was only a few years ago, right?  (looks up years for the seasons/series)  Fifteen years ago?  Oh man, you're making me feel old!
I loved the vast majority of this episode but could not get past Donna and Rose telling the doctor that they could release the meta crisis because they were women and that he wouldn’t get it because he’s a man… when the Doctor was literally a woman like a couple of hours ago in universe. Am I missing something because that felt blatantly sexist to me, and very hypocritical to be said by a literal trans character.
Unfortunately, the real down brought the whole episode down. I can't talk about it here because the channel has made it clear where it sits in its politics and I don't have the energy for controversy but I can guarantee the show has lost itself far more viewers than the Chibby era ever did.   The episode to me is heartbreaking. It has all the ingredients of the show being back to its best, but is ruined by this one thing being wound into the plot and turned into a plot device. I should note that my problem with the elephant in the room is not that it's there at all. What ruined the episode for me is that they made it into an elephant.
My up and down numbers would probably be opposite of yours, but glad you liked it. Just not for me.
The sonic touch screen was fine for me. I just look at it as a visualization for us the audience of what the doctor has always been able to see. He has scanned and understood info from the sonic for years and we just couldn’t see what he saw/heard. The bullet proof screen was a stretch too far for me.
Why is a 20 yr old man playing the part of a 15 yr old girl. Yuck. So sad what Dr Who has become. Sorry, had to unsubscribe. Totally disagree with your review.
God awful episode. Too heavy handed with the Identity Politics & full of Misandry. Also had my least favorite companion (comeback Adric all is forgiven).
Re: Sonic & Screen  What makes up a hologram? Or rather a believable holographic projection  Light and sound  Why does a sonic screwdriver have a light source? Visual confirmation to track/trace the auditory effect you are about to unleash.  Light and sound - epitomises how the TARDIS brings hope as Puddle Cacophony (Rivulet Symphony?) Makes a point of telling us.  It's the hero's version of the antagonists use of obfuscation via smoke & mirrors.
I found the whole "just let it go" as a major negative to almost ruining what is a great episode. This was the first Dr Who on Disney+ and in many ways, should introduce the Doctor to Americans. To make it sound like The Doctor is some kind of idiot who couldn't find his way out of a paper bag destroys the Doctor's credibility. Let's be honest if the answer to the meta crisis was to find 2 women and just "let it go" he would have done that and not even made an episode out of it. Watching this episode without any prior knowledge of the Doctor you would think he is just a hapless idiot. He did not do 1 thing impressive or solve 1 single puzzle.
There were so many cheesy and clunky and over the top moments, but there's just something about Russel T Davies where it lands, and you feel it, and you believe in the childish hopefulness of Doctor Who. So glad to have him back!
SPOILER::::                                 I knew that it wasn't the end of Donna cus I was looking for a specific line from the specials trailer to show up, and it, well, didnt. Otherwise I wouldve gone all teary. But the fact that the Doctor DID believe he had killed her to the point of saying to the bad duddd to go right ahead and kill him, cus he didn't care anymore, cus she was gone, just cut me deep.
i actually appreciate a lot of comments here recognizing if the genders were reversed at the end there would be a huge problem for the show because it is just as iffy to say you wont understand because you are a man as you would if it were because you are a woman. My opinion always gets invalidated by people on this discussion purely because im a male. I always say i dont like politics/social issues shoved at me in shows. I do understand dr who is typically a show to touch these but it just feels this episode put it too in your face during it especially at the end.
Excellent review, Ellie, that was appreciatively british, fun to listen to, informative, insightful, and just excellent.  Thanks for sharing!
Down: anything to do with trans and/or pronouns.
That intro would get two downs from me. There's no point to most recaps, but The Doctor even later does this same exposition to the UNIT science lady. It's not necessary. Plus, as recaps go, it's done in the most boring way imaginable. They didn't even try a tiny bit to make it interesting.  Donna down in the Doc's arms wasn't a cry moment for me. We knew from the previews Donna was still going to be around.
Sorry ellie .i didnt realise you were that woke .. The doctor episode was utter cr%p . and all my friends agree . i usally go off what you say as unbiest but you are way off the mark. Google what others think
I genuinely quite liked the episode despite hearing bad things about it. It did feel like a classic Doctor Who episode in loads of different ways. A little copy and paste of lines for the nostalgia hits... Actually quite a lot of that. But again, as an episode that brings back old characters, that's what I expected...   And then there was the jaw dropping ending that was just out right offensive...   "We know everything. And you know nothing. it's a shame you're not a woman anymore, because you would have understood. Something a male presenting time lord will never understand."   Discrimination works both ways, you don't get rid of it by putting other genders or non genders at the top, or kicking ones down to the bottom. You show everyone as equals and not above or inferior. It's stupid the way people think to solve the problem you just have to direct all the hate somewhere else.   Men are wrong because they're men... That's the message... And give it 200 years and men will be in the exact same position. Trying to be equal when the world thinks they're below.   Equality means people are equal. The writers need to learn that again... They did it perfectly with Captain Jack. They did it fine with Cassandra and Sky Silvestry (there's probably loads more but they're the ones that spring to mind)... So why have they moved away from doing it that way? By showing them as equal. Instead they have to be perfect and better... But humans aren't that, they're not supposed to be perfect.   I could go on but rant over. That last part just really annoyed me because I expected better... But take out that scene, and I was quite happy with the show, it's definitely showing potential for Doctor who again! And can't wait to see the new doctor in their role too!
one think i saw is that surlly crossed her leg when talking to the doctor, meaning shes either faking being disable or its only one of her legs/one side of her body that she cant move (would have to watch again to see if she moves both arms)
sorry Ellie, have lost all hope of Dr Who ever being good again ... Star Beast destroyed the franchise in my mind, far too woke and preachy - I for one won't be watching anymore
As a Yank whose first exposure to the Doctor was the Tom Baker years  and on (plus managing to ferret out the Pertwee years), I would say that almost all of your review is spot on.  I'm only slowly catching up with the modern Doctor, so my perspective on much of the relationships here is unaffected by wanting X, Y, or Z from the more recent years.  With that as background, I think it should be noted that one of the greatest strengths of this episode is NOT needing to have seen all the previous Tennant/Tate ones to realize how well these characters were allowed to interact.  The emotional moments you cited as wondrous worked just as well (tears here, too) for someone without the full background as they obviously did for you.  And I fully agree with your take on how they have (over)used and overpowered the sonic screwdriver.
This was pretty damn woke. Will never watch again.
You dont even know Wilf,  Bernard cribbins, the actor, actually died in 2022, so good luck with him making a future appearance?
I watched a pile of dog poo, awful pile of steaming horse manure. 50 years of watching Dr Who, they been ruing it for years, and now finallt putting the final bails in the coffin. R.I.P. Doctor. 😢
I loved Donna yelling "Oh my God, I did it again!"
Hey, I'm down with the cause. But I think it's time to stop pushing the message. It just felt too preachy to me. I just ignored it I was here for the story and Wilford. 🫤
Down, for them talking about Meeps gender. Why would the alien know about human gender?  Down for too bad you are not a woman any more Down for if you were a woman you would understand.
Prediction:  MEEP is taking the Doctor and Donna to the Toumaker,  the TARDIS is imprinted in the MEEPs ship.
I felt that in the episodes attempts to be progressive and inclusive it somehow managed to simultaneously come across as preachy propaganda and be more offensive and dehumanising to the minority groups it was trying to represent.
Honestly there is a lot wrong with episode, yes it was good we have our favourite characters and a good story, but the main plot was subsided for a woke message which is fine but when you push it on and on and on, about the aliens pronouns and make a whole meta crisis plot line null for the sake of wokeness, and not to mention being blatant rude and tad sexist to the doctor. They were saying the doctor isn't just one gender they're male female neither and more.. yet said a male doctor wouldn't understand? It just contradicted what they said
The thing about Meep running around and saying Meep would be like Groog from Guardians of the Galaxy.
I really dont mind the social politics and inclusion, i think its great, however the way it was presented in the episode felt ham fisted, undeserved and down right sexist at one point, i loved the episode but the small stuff like "did you iust assume its gender", "you wouldnt get it because youre a man" is just alittle too corny for me
I might have to watch it again, but I felt like the whole binary and non-binary word play thing was a bit crowbarred in. Doesn't it undermine the whole point that some people are just non-binary, though? I feel like bullies at school could now say "she's the child of a metacrisis, what's your excuse?". I'm all for it, just felt it was a bit clumsy at times, but it's good it was discussed.
I was shocked by the screen and shield the screwdriver projects, thought it was a bit much at first. But the screen will be good for exposition and the shield feels like something that's going to be in a Doctor Who VR game.
Cause that's what I waited over ten years to see; The Doctor being lectured, lambasted and insulted by activists who believe they are never morally wrong.  Flip the roles around and see what the resulting outcry would be.
I was disappointed. If you've watched the Gremlins you could see the twist coming. There wasn't any feeling of a real threat, the resolution was rushed and silly in a bad way (Dona needs to become the Doctor so she could press buttons in room divided for no other reason?), and the CGI of the streets of London turning into lava and then returning to normal (how?) was nonsensical, again - in a bad way.
Your enthusiasm for the episode is just brilliant!! I loved having David Tennant back, he will always be my favorite Doctor.  Seeing him with Donna again was so joyful! That being said, a couple of things missed the mark for me.  Not a fan of the 'super' sonic screwdriver.  Like Donna and Rose just "letting go" of the meta crisis, both things were just too easy.  It seemed like a little bit of lazy story telling.  But other than those minor things I thought the episode was brilliant and I loved it!
So o watched this for a second time…with my son who’s trans…and to say he hated this was an understatement. Contrived and forced was his words..amongst a few more colorful remarks. Real people do not act or talk like what was displayed here(the “presuming an aliens pronoun” was a very low point. As for the “get over it”…. Oh boy.
I don't like this episode.  At all. First, the "main story" (the Meep plot)  is plain and derivative, ok for a short comic strip, but not so much for filling a full episode without something else to fill out the gaps.  It's not that important, though, because it only accounts for twenty-some minutes ( at most) of the full episode.  The "other main course" ( the reunion of Donna and the Doctor) didn't fare much better, coming up with a solution to the metacrisis problem that is an absolute "Deus ex machina" without any kind of in-continuity explanation but to shoehorning some Female-over-male superiority misandric banter. (note: I couldn't stand how they were trying to bring the doctor down, just because he was -at the moment- a man: It was like watching a loving and beloved granfather being disrespected by the prat and the pampered of the family). With that in mind,   the quite apparent effort to destroy the long-standing lore continuity of the show ( I suppose to introduce "a new [Disney] era", with all the implications that it means ) it's also quite off-putting and It didn't helped to win over my likings for the episode  Second, the woke propaganda was insufferable.  But not only was too much, too misandrist, too ham-fisted, but also the apparent  "necessity" of putting in the "we are so woke, applaud us, we are so woke, put this bit on your social media" scene every few minutes took me out of the plot's narrative immersion too many times: It was like they were putting commercials every few minutes with no warning whatsoever, completely breaking the narrative pulse . The preachy kind of commercial, by the way.  If I wanted to be preached at and insulted for mu "sins", I would attend to church.  Third, I couldn't stand how hypocritical and pampered they made appear  the character of Donna.  Moments like "I'll talk to his mother  [about the dead naming situation with Rose and some boys in the street]; I know a lot of names she had in school, because I give her them",  a bully demanding respect because SHE had a vested interest; or the infamous line about " I gave my money away" blaming the doctor, when if not for the Doctor she wouldn't had that money at all.  She was always a little bit caustic, true, but not    Four, Disney's grubby hand was too present, taking away the iconic "brain over brawn" general look of the show with Star-war-esque scenes of tatooine-like laser firefignting, and turning the iconic sonic screwdriver into a Howard-esque magic wand capable of creating weird forcefields.  On the back of my mind, I was sure the doctor sooner or later would shout "AVADA KEDABRA!!!", or "may the force be with you".  I was undecided which one would sound less ridicule if they finally say it.  In any case, the evident intent of side-lining the main (male) character to allow other more "politically adequate" ones it's almost a signature move of the Mouse empire.
There were a few things earlier on with Rose that felt off or clunky. I was confused about how casual she was about meeting the Meep. But it was explained with the meta crisis stuff.   Equally, the stopping to correct the Doctor on his pronoun usage of the meep felt a little off. Like “Is this really the time?”. But it’s important to her, and given how she was more casual around aliens thanks to the meta crisis, it makes more sense in retrospect.   But also, I had always thought the Doctor had some kind of psychic thing for telling gender with aliens. I’m in a rewatch at the moment and just watched the Rings of Akhaten. In it an alien whose language is a little like a dog barking comes up to Clara and she says, “Doctor, what does it want?”. And he says, “It’s not an it, it’s a she!”  That sequence just felt a bit unnecessary, like they wanted Rose to correct the Doctor on pronoun usage. I feel like if they wanted her to correct someone’s pronoun usage. It should be on someone else, because if anyone is gonna understand it, it should be the Doctor. Who has been both a man and a woman. So I would’ve tweaked that a bit.
More coverage of The Star Beast is now live!  Easter eggs: https://youtu.be/HvDIl5Tneko Spoiler discussion: https://youtu.be/slB1S44DJSI
this episode was terrible. Bring back 2005-2013 doctor who
I enjoyed it but 27 positives to 4 negatives?  You are out of your mind
Enjoyed the episode for the most part. But I found some of the solutions, including the un-destruction of London to be...Well, Stupid.
Ahh, and Tennent seems to make Make-Up on him. And too much of it!
Think the  words that the doctor says to bring back DoctorDonna were her last words before he wiped her mind...at least i think so!
OH MY GOSH I GET IT.  Wild Blue Yonder? The operative word is actually Blue.  They're totally appearing inside another Doctor's Tardis.
Down. Absolute woke nonsense. It's getting boring.
My view on the sonic is that it looks amazing, and although it’s a little unnecessary a screen the doctor can interact with I actually quite like. The sonic has never created a physical thing before, just affected the world around it, so for it to suddenly be able to make something that can hold off actual bullets definitely felt a bit much. Have it use the items in the room to make the shield or something. You know, assemble a cabinet at them!
I thought the sonic shield was cool!
now i loved the episode i really did and i agree with a lot of points especially with rose :). but i would have like to see the channel’s opinion on the meep the beep’s gender scene and the doctor being shamed for being a “male presenting time lord” i just feel those situations could have been dealt with alot better. but over all it was a great episode definitely back to form
When they went into the Tardis I was immediately reminded of "the day of the doctor"; 11th - "Hey look, The round things!" 10th - "I love the round things!!" ... 😁
love how positive you are about this episode.
I give this content a huge down
It all seemed contrived and rushed and some of the acting was terrible.  Also, that alien cat thing had the most annoying voice until it showed its true form. And the BBC are still giving us every coloured human being in the World in every episode of Dr Who not to mention sexuality too.  It is just so racist of them.
For me, I loved everything about the episode except for the metacrisis solution. And it was one simple thing they could have done. "Only part human part timelords could think of it" Given the metacrisis was slowed by having it split between the two, it'd give them more time to come up with a solution than if it was just donna which would explain why she hadn't figured out how to fix it before, it would have made sense in the story, been far less of a punch in the face with the message and It would have just been a far cleaner way to end it.
Russel T Davies was so worried of 'saying the wrong thing' and it shows. I DON'T CARE ABOUT THE MESSAGE, GIVE ME A GOOD DOCTOR WHO EPISODE.
Welp, at least we can rest assured that all involved with this special received a great ESG score. Great job everyone.
I loved the episode, but I could tell where Disney put their creative spin in. The title sequence, the music score in general. Lol, in the beginning sequence I was expecting to see Tinker Bell come out with her wand (maybe turned into a Sonic Screwdriver?) and bop the screen by the time it was done. Also, I'm not sure if the over explaining of DW was due to them expecting new viewers or if they just needed time killers thrown into the episode.
I understand that this list is EXTREMELY subjective... but to nit pick a show that is constantly evolving by using a favorite actor to portray a beloved character in order to turn the corner on a new generation of DW is a bit short sighted. Yes there's more money in the budget... and yes your grandfather probably thought the same when 9-10-11-12-13 used their sonics but let's do what they had to do when the sonic was first introduced... trust the show and suspend disbelief and enjoy the evolution.  It can't stay OUR way forever. 9:38
Why has this shite popped up on my youtube feed?  Dr Who as a quality Sci Fi programme died with Capaldi but the classic series will never be beaten for storytelling . Now a days its all about the ".message" and virtue signalling .Shame on Russell T Davies...
I'm sorry but it looks too sterile to me. I like the wild, whimsical grungy looks it used to have before Jodie.
An up for me has to be when Silvia almost slaps 14's new face off 😄😄😄
The limits of the sonic screwdriver are based upon the budget and advances of the special effects department?
I liked the new Sonic visuals but I understand how someone would not like it
You are out of your mind!
Just thinking about 14's relief. "It killed me. It killed me. It killed me. It killed me."  How many companions has the Doctor ever directly called their "best friend?" By my recollection, it's only Sarah, Donna, and Clara by 4, 10, and 12 respectively, but I could be wrong on that.
Really, I do like how Donna's mother favors her grandchild more than her own kid.
Honestly...Felt really weird how the non binary rep in this sounded an awful like feel of totalitarian "we're more powerful than you and only way to stop super power is us only", where I always felt why I liked Dr. Who was because its not powerful beings outdoing the villain, non super powered actually outwitting and power of will winning over the powerful.
anyone notice the woman in the wheelchair crossing her legs
Grasshoppers with glowing red eyes… do they have motorcycles too… 😉 🫱🔴🫲
You know something is wrong when people begin a shitstorm because a TV character said (I paraphrase) "as a cis male you can`t do / understand this particular thing" and equate it with "men are SHIT". To all the mens rights activists out there: you are conciously ignoring power imbalances and structural disadvantages to get to feel like victims.
RTD butchered it it was bad Disney and BBC  killed Dr. who and Panderverse Disney dragged everyone out of it the writing was terrible and lackluster and then they insulted the Dr repeatedly done even BBC reviewers Trashed it The Message was the episode  the whole episode a few good parts David and Catherine  couldn't save  this crap show  from RTD and we know he can do better he can do subtlety nuance he literally just didn't  by choice he consciously made the whole episode the message in typical disney fashion they had total control of this BYE BYE DR WHO ITS DONE ITS OVER I am done with it 40 years of being a fan there is no saving it any more The idiots array Disney fans who killed every franchise they touch just killed Dr. Who the Daleks never could  But disney did it though AND SOUNDWAVES DON"T MAKE WALLS WTF was that
I see Doctor Who continues to be the misandry hour. so heartbreaking to see how bad the show has gotten. It deserves to fail now. Thankfully there is still all the brilliant older stuff to love
I wish it was an hour and half. They are specials after all. That way meep would have ampule time and doctor Donna too
It's great for the men are bad,neo pro noun,not sure what a woman is crowd.    For me, it's BS. 😂😂
12:58 . . . who's going to tell her?
Keeps hands were not a good design and the meep was way to big to even be cute
Dr. Who is dead
I hated the new sonic. Now it looks like every other show.
It’s pure woke now and having women talking down the doctor and a trans as well but then look who’s doing the review
I have to say that I loved every schlocky minute of Doctor Who since I started watching in the 4th Doctor era....and some things may have disappointed me here in there with awkward messaging or such.... BUT I was rather pissed off by the end of this episode. I am a old white straight guy in my 50s...I have treated everyone the same. I dont care what your orientation, presentation, affiliation is as long as your a decent human being and can treat me and others with the respect you want. F@#$ me if the line 'a male presenting Doctor wouldnt understand" didnt piss me off to no end. I am all for girl power or Grrl Power or female empowerment...but there IS NOT A FINITE AMOUNT OF EMPOWERMENT!!!!! Everyone can be empowered without taking any away from someone else. But what do I know...Im just a dumb old white guy so I dont get to have a say or an opinion.
Donna remembering gave me soo many vibes of Tennant’s regeneration. Just magnificent!
quite a few ups here... I agree with every single one though. <3
Outside the obvious downs for this episode, as someone who considers Matt Smith as my first Doctor, I was quite disappointed that they were basically acting like nothing happened between 10 leaving Donna, and 14 meeting Donna.   Like, the main thing is "Donna was my best friend ever" which just doesn't feel genuine considering we know his history. Don't get me wrong, they were clearly great friends. But the Doctor became a hermit in the clouds for years after he lost Amy and Rory.  He was willing to do anything to get Clara back, in both regenerations. He cared enough about Bill he went blind, and cooperated with the enemy threat.  Everything about River Song.   And to say all of that is seemingly valued less than Donna? But then he spends time with Donna, and acts casual, doesn't even seem hurt that she doesn't know him?  The same goes for when Donna invites him to come around whenever he wants, and the Doctor reacts like that's the first time he's heard such a thing, when Clara's final season had the Doctor randomly chilling in her flat most of the time?
For me the forcefield was the most realistic thing the sonic screwdriver did - particles vibrating or becoming magnetised to deflect bullets? I'm no scientist but that makes emotional sense to me. The rest of the stuff though, I agree with you. Having David Tennant and Catherine Tate back was a great 59th birthday present.
"Male presenting timelord". Nuff said.🙃
Totally agree about the Sonic - it's become a magic wand.
Not only the "we choose to let it go" resolution was too easy, the little speech about how a male-presenting Doctor would've never thought of that, but a female Doctor would have, RIGHT AFTER they state that the Doctor is male and female and neither and more... kinda ruined the moment for me.
The new sonic needs an explanation video of its own
The script in the dialogue felt AI generated, and for award-winning and phenomenal actors and actresses to give the performances they did was a shame. It just felt like a soulless grab to bring back the fans to do a switcheroo on them.
How Donna's lifesaving brainwipe is made into something that barely represents an inconvenience is a massive injustice to their whole arc and the characters themselves.  There was so much opportunity for something epic there, but they just say something sexist about the doctor not beeing a woman and therefore not understanding anything and subsequently they just wished the problems away. That was some genuinely record breaking lazy writing. And that really says something about a show that has time (and dimention) travel as a plot device.
That whole metacrisis situation significantly ruined the episode for me, that and the whole "pronouns" bs w/ meep. Like i was considering picking up the series again after falling off when peter capaldi portrayed the doctor as a preachy dumb jerk , but i'm not watching dr who to have woke PC nonsense forced down my throat, so never mind... like that ending scene quite literally says "metacrisis is a non-issue because vagina > time lord"
Doctor who is a dead show
Hilariously Bad,  Rose the Frank n Furter wannabe, you can see Disney's input
Well. That was sycophantic to the point of nausea.
27 ups? this was a mediocre episode at best, was great to see David and Catherine back but boy you can see how far the show has fallen since they were last on, it ruined one of the best and saddest season finales and made it all not matter, I won't get into the gender politics because as always the BBC handling them about as well as Donna handles holding coffee, the only ups are the new Tardis interior which is beautiful and the sonic can do a few more cool things, this will not be an episode that's remembered fondly in the future, the next episode looks far more interesting.
Tbh i dont like the new tardis thaaaat much it feels kinda non-personal maybe to build up for ncutis craaaazy design
Anyone else notice how many of the same misogynist man-children who vowed to never watch "Doctor Who" again after it was announced Jodie Whittaker would be the first female Doctor, are now vowing to never watch "Doctor Who" again, again, because Rose Noble is transgendered? How does one stop watching the show they already stopped watching six years ago? Ever since the original British version of "Queer as Folk", Russell T Davies has built his career around showing the mainstream majority a glimpse into the lives of marginalized minorities, showing the humanity we all share. I also know Mr Davies lenjoys trolling bigots. I'll admit I'm finding the collective tantrum, yet again, is delicious.
I don't see how it is possible to see anything positive in this disgusting garbage. Unless of course you are a woke freak.
I’m with you with the sonic. I mean it is a screwdriver but nowadays it seems to be a magic wand.
Most mature review I’ve seen so far. The other videos I’ve seen are “woke garbage” etc. Yeah it’s not a great episode but they handled the whole Rose being trans thing really well and like you said it’s Sylvie’s honesty and frank conversation with Donna that sells it. Not sure what people were expecting, trans jokes? They do remember RTD’s original run don’t they?!
There was no ups just downs. This episode was so shit i cant even believe. This must be a prank. Shes beautiful, shes woman, shes non-binary. Hey wheelchair not bad lets change the davros. Oh i can release the timelord energy just by "letting it go". Oh btw im a woman and im better than million years old timelord. Actually dogshit. How did you assume meeps gender whaaaat? Ohh were just woman and man shes more wow. They should keep doing this because the other side will get mad and this will increase the hate. Fuck it
My opinion. They should have left Donna with her definitive ending. meaning, have her in the story, but not a full active part. Transfer the responsibility to Rose, rather than have it revolve around her mother. It would have been better story telling in my opinion. Have Donna as a Deus Ex Machina, but not have her full frontal in the episode.
Lol having an issue with the sonic being upgraded in a universe where trandimensional engineering, time travel and aliens exist.
It seems that the metacrisis made Donna's child non-binary/transgendered and everything Rose did, including naming herself, was not from her own will. She doesn't get to be herself until she is free of the metacrisis. I wonder if that will ever be touched on in the future.
Every time you said "rarth" i wanted to set myself on fire.
DONNA DOCTOR 😂👍😂😀😂👍😀😂👍😀😂👍🔥😀😂🔥😂😀😂🔥😀👍🔥👍😀👍🔥😀
Jaysus turn the camera light down! I had to put on sunglasses 😂
Yes, i love watching a show that when i was a child i could look up to the dr and aspire to be better. Whereas now the show tells me as a man, I'm not good enough, don't know jack, have no empathy or understanding because I'm not a woman/non-binary.  Goodbye Doctor Who, i will remember you fondly, you brought me back with nostalgia but you've clearly changed, albeit with an attempt to be progressive without realising you've regressed at the same time, alienating 50 or so % of your fan base, it's time for us to finally part ways.
You are obviously not aware - but Bernard Cribbons (Wilf) died late July 2022.
I think you missed giving the entire episode a down - it was trash
Best statement that doctor made was the doctor has no gender, they are just the Doctor.
I was crying from the first second of this episode!!!!!!!
The screen the Sonic created was fine by me, but the shields were far too much
I was raised by a 1960s bra burning feminist, and my great grandmother was a suffragette. I was told from an early age that refusing to hire a qualified man for a job just because he's a man is every bit as sexist and bigoted as refusing to hire a qualified woman because she's a woman. My mother always said "We can't achieve equality by putting others down". A sentiment that's lost on the BBC.  (I'm female, by the way).
One point up Donna tells the doctor you really shouldn't wear a suit like that after 35. Later, the doctor talks about a fashion fupa thinking the meep is being haunted for meep fur.
I just wondered something. Donna's daughter is named Rose. Are.....are we getting another Bad Wolf scenario? Because I would loooooooove to hear the Bad Wolf theme again playing in the background.
First, I *LOVED* this episode. Second, I agree about the sonic screwdriver being just a little too Tony Stark. Every time the Doctor did something really cool with it, I just kept hearing Captain Jack Harkness in my head saying "...and in a pinch you could put up some shelves." That's the sonic screwdriver I know and love, but hey - progress. I'm just happy that Donna Noble is alive, well, and *remembers* ! That was one of the saddest fates ever to befall a companion and it's finally been put right.
So we're all just going to completely ignore the fact that socially normalised anti male hate is now condoned by Dr who (in the last couple of minutes of the episode where he stood by and did nothing while the entire world who looks to him for moral support looked on, now knowing by his inaction that it is 'ok' to treat men like second class citizens rather than equals in a mutually respectful human race where acceptance and kindness is for all *but not really*  All this despite the disproportionately large scale of worldwide male suicide rates (especially in my country that has the highest, New Zealand). For shame.  "Fantastic". Thanks Dr Who.  And I was looking forward to introducing my son to my beloved Whovian passion too.  Really disappointed 🙁
I’m so sad at the volume of vitriol concerning the supposed woke agenda of Dr Who & Disney. I hope I live to see the end of this cycle of hate. To me these are just people. I never once associated Rose with being trans. It didn’t matter in the overall story, but it does do what Dr Who has always done, which is to acknowledge that people are fallible and we are all searching for our place in the world.
So I genuinely cannot tell if this Special is succeeding or not.  Personally, I did like it.  Yes, there was a bit of "the Message" as some people call it, but I really felt like it was onlyvreally heavy handed and poorly done in two moments in the entire episode.  The rest was just FUN.  What are people's honest thoughts  here?  I thought it was better than almost ANYTHING from Chibnall's era,  but it seems that people are only focusing on a few small moments that they didn't like.  Am I in the minority for thinking this episode was good overall?
I think you’re missing a few Downs , just going by the messages here and the audience rating .
Lots of good, still a few unnecessary lines that were forced in by the BBC that make you wonder if the writers have ever witnessed a conversation before
The round things I love the round things
Was not a fan of the ending.  Felt cheap way to remove the issue.
3:18 Wait... RTD's last name is pronounced "Davis"???
I heard there was a line in the show.  " If you were a woman you could understand.  To bad your not one anymore. ". Or something like that .  Im not sure thats cool. I don't patronize or make fun of people groups or individuals.  I might see it. Ive heard bad things so far.
This episode was nausea inducing. mEsSaGE much?
27 Ups for one of the worst DW episodes ever? Ok.
I've been a Doctor Who since I was a child with Pertwee and seen the best and the worst and this 60th anniversary was so disappointing
The major downs. Stopping the show in its tracks for- *Dead naming *Pronouns *The show not being able to shut up about how amazing woman Rose is.  *Undoing the whole Donna will die if she remembers everything. *Trans is better it's more *And finally Donna and Rose bashing the Doctor at the end.
"Real writing":  Here is Cpt. Jack Harkness.  He's AWESOME.  He's funny.  He's haunted by past choices and current ones.  He's darker than you'd expect.  Oh, and he's gay.  Doesn't care who knows or what they think about it.  "New Who"  Here's "X".  They're [Insert label, race, etc.]  You should love them because of this, and here's how they struggle because the world fails them.  Mates...  It's not a problem of who they are because you never let us get to know them.  You just shove a label on them and expect people to identify (care) like some kind of operant conditioning system.   Ring a bell, and we'll follow blindly.  Develop a character, not a label and you might get somewhere.{Edit - Because it's important to the thought I didn't finish {Sorry, human and quite fallible.))   Meaning that then you wouldn't need to TELL US why we should like them.  We'd simply grow to like them because of the character, depth, and principals that we like ABOUT them.  Like Jack, Martha, Rose(Tyler), Amy, or Rory.
Only ups where David and Catherine interacting. In the beginning. The rest of it was all down. Especially the lecture Donna and Rose give the Doctor at the end. "We know everything, it's a shame you're not a woman anymore you'd have understood" Male presenting time lord. You could practically feel the hate the writers have for this show in those lines.
It was strange not seeing the Doctor disoriented right after regeneration .
This episode just confirmed that Who is dead, it was a woke nightmare filled with "the message". A complete and utter joke, but glad some people can somehow enjoy it...
His sonic might be way better cause we dint know how long he's been back in his old skin maybe he suped it up
We also won't likely see Wilf. Since the actor himself died.
Donna definitely spilt the coffee over the tardis on purpose.
As a whole, I LIKED the overarching story, But, even saying I liked it is hard for me, because I loved Russel 1. Honestly, it felt a bit lazy to me. I agreed with a lot of the up's that were mentioned but I cannot ignore the downs that I felt.   The Doctor Donna was this HUGE plot that was basically tossed by the wayside and so when I heard there was going to be resolution I was ecstatic to say the least..... And that's really all the good I can say about the "resolution" after that at this point.  The Doctor made this whole shpeal about how if Donna remembers SHE WILL DIE, it was something that I feel became such an integral part of the Doctors character going forward. Especially what I call the "Isolation" period. having to wipe her memory BROKE HIM. She was his best friend. And, I felt that was so brilliant... it was an emotional hook that I think really kept people going back to that story and even creating their own head canons about the Doctor returning to Donna when she's an old woman and her remembering everything before peacefully passing in the Doctors arms.   and THEN......... it was all basically MOOT. Why was there a code phrase? If the Doctor knew the true memories were locked behind that phrase what was the point of all that pain? That was the first point where I was like "eh, wait no no....no...no....no! don't do that.  Then the "resolution" what even was that. "You know its too bad your not still her Doctor because then you would understand what a woman can but a man can't just let it go...." HUHHHH?!   Again, I feel like that just threw all the emotion of the crisis out the window. Honestly, I would have rather him have to wipe both their minds again and just leave it hanging, if I knew that was going to be alternative.  Don't get me wrong, I liked her sharing the experience with Rose, that was brilliant. But that "resolution" felt cheap, it felt lazy and I really expected better from Russel.   My final point, was the end, why make such a big stink about Rose going if they were just going to have the Doctor and Donna go anyway? They were going to see her grandfather, why not let Rose go too? At that point, it just felt like Russel was having a hard time figuring out how to keep Rose relevant and just gave up.   I sincerely hope this is not a window of things to come, I want to believe in Russel but honestly, part 1, didn't do it for me.
Totally agree about the metacrisis resolution being way too easy.  That was my biggest gripe with this.  To me the new Tardis is an homage to the first Doctor's Tardis and I love it.
It was sexist rubbish at every possible opportunity.  Truly had high hopes with the return of so many legends to the franchise but instead we got a new contender for worst episode ever made.
This didn't feel like an episode of DW to me, it felt almost like a mini episode or play, maybe even a parody? Am I the only one who feels this way? There's something really off about it, but I can't quite place... This is not at all what I expected. The way Donna's husband reacted for example, it was so unrealistic and overacted it pulled me out of the show. I didn't find him comedic beyond him walking in at an awkward moment. He just seemed like he was putting on a skit. I did like Sylvia and her portrayal along with the way they did the monsters though. I felt even David Tennant was pushed to overact than how he normally would. I think the hereditary thing is actually a great story, but it could have been done better, then it was all overshadowed by suddenly pushing it away with some confusing lines?   Not a fan of the new tardis, too white and big, no unique character or details in the background, just too clean. I was hoping it would have some throwback to the RD1 era. Something unsettling about those cgi repeating circles in such a large room.  The shield out of nowhere, wow that would have been convenient before wouldn't it? I can see it only getting worst from there if they keep going with this. I don't want the doctor to become just some guy with a super weapon. The 50th anniversary felt huge, it was this big event where everyone came together; this on the other hand...eh, not so much but maybe that is meant to come later. Then the disrespect at the very end towards the doctor? What the heck was that? I was left quite confused in that moment. They seemed too serious and snobbish about it. I don't know, it all felt so strange despite some good moments.
It just makes sense if you have a child they would also inherit the metacrisis
I mean the story was way to short and the battle and identity of the meep was given to us way to quick and we saw not enough of the wrarth warriors in my opinion apart from all that I loved it so good
I always head-cannon that the Sonic was telepathic, so using an actual screen is kinda of a tech downgrade.
I want a meep stuffed animal.... But nice and evil version.
I’m glad I wasn’t the only one that was crying when Donna died for a few😮‍💨
Let's be honest, this was not Dr. Who, This was a platform to push the woke message at the cost of the fans.  So now we have the following Old Who, New Who, Boo Who and Forgotten Who.
Wonderfully put! I feel very much the same. Sometimes, rarely, once in a blue moon, you CAN go home again, and this very much felt that way to me. Series 4 is my favorite Modern Who season so far, so this was a dream come true. And Jamie and Zoe just got their own memories back in Tales of the TARDIS. Those were the three wounds that never healed for many olde school Whovians, and now they finally have been righted.   'The Star Beast' was like the sort of holiday confection you normally wouldn't eat because it's too sweet or rich, too this or that. But once a year you go at them with gusto. It's brilliant and has much the same sort of energy as 'Partners in Crime' with a lot more heart.  The binary/non-binary/man/woman scene was a bit....odd, I thought. Rose being transgender had been handled so very elegantly, and then that was, as a trans friend of mine said today, a little ham-fisted. But Yasmin Finney was brilliant and good on them for hiring a trans woman to play a gorgeous and big-hearted trans woman, and a differently abled person to play a badass differently abled person with rockets in.  Ruth Madeley has very Elizabeth Shaw energy here, which is about the highest praise I can give UNIT personnel. And they have never looked better, those uniforms were well-designed, dashing and dangerous. Major Singh in particular looked brilliant. I look forward to Kate and her people having a fantastic new era.  Thank you for these videos, they are so informative and a great way to spark discussion about DW!
I love how loving and motherly Donna and Sylvie are to their daughters. Like they will end the world before letting anything happen to their daughters. ❤ Rose was such a perfect character, loved her loads. ❤ This whole episode was so sweet and wonderful!  Also, the only person who noticed The Doctor actually in the warehouse being the scientist? Totally accurate and hilarious! Loved her!
I gotta be honest, my exact words when the doctor was using the new sonic features was "What?!" but then I thought, well heck if we can have video projectors that fit in a lapel pin now, why can't the doctor have one in a sonic.. but those shields though.. he draws the box, pushes the first one out and I'm like "What?" then he pushes the second one out and I'm like "What?!".. Yeah pretty sure I said "what" as many times during the episode as David did IN the episode lol. And yeah I loved the comedic moments in the show, sure we've had bits of comedy here and there since but the chemistry between David and Catherine was unmatched, nice to have it back, even if its for a short time.
You know, I rewatched this episode so many times, I just realized one of my favourite moments, when the Doctor thinks Wilf is dead, is likely a deliberate callback to the Sontaran Strategem, when Donna says she's going home and it's nearly a full minute before The Doctor realises she's just popping in for a visit.
The new Tardis design had to be based upon the clean look of the very first Tardis to commemorate the anniversary
Same I was jumping around the house like a 5 year old too😃
What happened to Doctor Who? Binary is the computer language of computers (100110)   This show sucks, what a damn shame.
A huge down was that Yasmin looks way too old to be 15/16, at least for me. There was also a lack of chemistry between Donna and Rose, I felt as well as Sean. The whole family unit except for Donna and her mother. I agree on the sonic. It was too much. Mostly tho, it was all ups for me until the end which was too pat and condescending when Donna and Rose basically dissed all men.
Lol when certain comments have almost as much like as the video with over a hundred k views.
I also found the solution to the metacrisis issue being a little too easy as well. I wish that they could have at least mentioned something like the metacrisis energy would burn a person up before they had a chance to expel it but now that the energy is split between two people, it may be possible. Honestly, I would have been fine with The Doctor even using some regeneration energy to help heal Donna and Rose as they expelled it. 11 healed River's hand so we know that regeneration energy can be shared.
Great recap of the episode. My only down is there's no free-to-air of Who in Australia anymore, so can only vicariously experience it from now on.
Donna and Rose: You know nothing. Doctor: Well I know enough not to spill liquid on electronics. More Chibnall crap, only from Davies.
Ellie is definitely into diaper play 😂
I'm 56, and I've literally literally been waiting for this for 13 years!
Agree 100% with the Sonic discussion. I'm all for it, but we got no explanation as to how it got that function. Sure, it looked cool, and is useful, but it also sets up way too many excuses to get out of situations later down the line. I would assume once 14 regenerates, 15 will have a new Sonic, but to go from 13s "homemade" Sonic, to a new, improved one, without explanation, is hard to follow. You can't even say the new TARDIS made it, because that change was done while the Doctor was away from it.
The episode was ok just ruined because of Catherine Tate
Wokeness has killed the show. No longer watching. Absolutely destroyed their own show
Oh, Ellie, so sweet that you remember your childhood Doctor as 10. I grew up with 4 and 5–when the Doctor played on local PBS stations in the USA. Still, you are so right about that light-hearted aspect of the Doctor. Always welcome.
This episode was fucking gay
i really liked your review and we had many of the same ups and downs. the drawing in the air with the sonic...we will have to see if it is taken too far. the show has taken on a glossier look that i agree has some good points, but also agree the show needs to keep some of the roughness for lack of a better word.
Wow, Who Culture is dead now too. It was fun, thank you. Goodbye.
Garbage episode and garbage review straight of the bat! At least 2 more review vids coming you say??? To say what exactly? The story was woke nonsense, and the bits that weren't were written so bad. Is that really how Donna remembers??? Go away Disney. Doctor Who is finished. Goodbye.
i did love it, but of course they had to throw in the woke crap.
Sadly Wilf-Bernard died at age 93. So would be hard to see him.
The words used to unlock the Doctor Donna reminded me of the words Amy used to access the old control room in "The Doctor's Wife". On the screwdriver thing. The master had a laser screwdriver and i think Matt Smith and 13 had like a heads up display pop out from the screwdriver. Creating the force field and making yourself a monitor in the air was new so still don't know what to think about it other than the force field was cool and held up longer than i thought it would.
So I have a theory and it REALLY makes sense and answers the a big question.  When The Doctor and Donna have their heart tto heart scene in the new T.A.R.D.I.S, Donna asks him 'Why this face again?'. He shrugs it off and it withdrawn for the rest of the conversation. Even being coy (in the 10th style of doing so) when she says 'Have some friends'. But he says something absolutely crucial in a almost 'odd' way of saying it. He pauses and tells Donna 'I really do remember it tho. All those times with you' (I am paraphrasing a bit here). Then he says 'It killed me. It killed me. It killed me. This is the key! Donna and Rose have both just let  go of their meta crisis. The part of 10 energy that lived in them. It killed the Doctor twice. 14 is here as 10 as the energy was linked and could not move on into the Timelord afterlife (as shown in 13's finale) while it was split. 10 lost his life and he regenerated. But he had to return to retrieve the rest of his 'soul' so to speak. As soon as Donna and Rose let go... 14 has begun recycling his regenertion (almost like a "Let's do this again, but with everyone this time)'.  He knows it's coming. He figured it out as soon as he and Donna began their moment of remimiscing.  We have two episofrs left and just like his last regeneration, it's taking it's time to cycle through the process, but completely this time around.    This shuts the door on the Doctor Donna, completely and is also his trump card agaist The Toymaker as he has the upper hand in knowing he is going to change / die. In comes 15 and Seaon 1 (Disney Era) begins without having to tread over the same ground again.   But like I said, it's just a theory lol
biggest down for me is sexist lines like "You know nothing. It's a shame you're not a woman anymore" or "Something a male-presenting Time Lord will never understand" and than they deal with metacrisis with ease.
Totally lost all credibility if you thought that this WAS Dr Who.  It was absolute crap
I loved almost all of the episode except for the hand wave at the end, it was too rushed although it's classic davies. The meep as an example of pronouns was great , although it would've been cool to if it was rose who made the mistake instead of the doctor to show we ALL slip up a bit similar to how Bill who is queer herself was caught off guard by assuming the soldiers sexuality in eaters of the light. the doctor has travelled time and space for at least two thousand years and met countless species I find it hard to believe he would be the one without he knowlege of what to call meep.  The concept of the metacrisis being shared between mother and child was great. But we didn't need the whole we can let it go because we're female and you're male presenting it should've been we can let it go because were human vs timelord plus roses experiences/perspectives, remember the doctor donna in journeys end "that little bit of human that gut instinct that goes hand in hand with planet earth I can think of things you couldn't dream in a million years" I mean the doctor does have a tendency to not look back out of shame rather than deal with things face the consequences, do the hard work and come up with an solution, I could've accepted that and wouldve fitted well with 10s face returning. The whole binary non binary thing felt to me like an attempt at moffat wordplay and it just diddnt come off and wasnt really needed.  another possiblity could be that the weakened metacrisis can be removed using leftover extrememly powerful psychedelic mind altering star energy from the meeps engines. With the meep homeworld and race gone I imagine it is incredibly rare and only the meep knows how to process it into a useable form. Other options include, only enough to remove it from rose or the weakened shared metacrisis can only be stabilised and the rest of the specials it couldve been donna travelling with the doctor and running plot thread to find a full cure, allowing for more pacing and a satisfying payoff.
Ellie you are so stunning 😍
These need a cetatian observations as well. Maybe Matrix Messages? Cloister Clues?
RIP, Dr Who. You will be missed.
28:59 You SHOULD mean that in the way it's meant.. Chibnall was A TOOL an absolute and LITERAL TOOL.. COMPLETE FAILURE and NEARLY killed Doctor Who.. we ALL know this, we have shared in this pain for some time now.  We should be SUPER HAPPY and glad that his time is done and the we have the LORD & MASTER back at the helm!.. The one.. the only.. Russell T Davies!!!!
I’m disgusted how much they rammed genders and trans crap in our faces
My friend was pretty offended that the only character who mentioned pronouns ended up being a vicious evil creature. They definitely felt like the BBC was trying to hint at something.
How could they POSSIBLY pull off a meet and greet with Wilford again..(WITHOUT USING AI) the man has been in the ground since 2022. God rest his soul... Bernard Cribbins was that BRIGHT spark in the show that made laugh.. made me cry.. made me THANKFUL!
They should have let Miriam Margoyles swear at least once.
23:21 What did we miss in that split cut of what you were saying Ellie?  Can we PLEASE have the directors cut of this webisode?!?!!!    I have a feeling of what you were going to say.. but I suspect the powers that BE cock-blocked you at in the editors lounge... due tell those of us who are your willing and loyal subjects!
I loved seeing Tennant and Tate togather again, and there were some good moments in the episode, but some of the "message moments" felt forced.  When shows have great scripts, and great casts, they can deliver great stories, and messages are included in a subtle but impactful manner but this was not subtle or impactful it just felt forced and pandering.
22:57 THEY.. THEY.. HELLO.. It's Russell T Davies interpretation, story telling AND show running that have given us this.. something we've ALL sorely missed during the Chibnall (Newman clone) DEBACLE.
I hope the energy the pair released, Materializes into the Valeyard. Containing all the hate and fear, the doctor felt as 10. Being born of pain and sorrow, he hates the doctor. Starts traveling to kill the doctor, in failed attempts to prevent his own creation. Hell, maybe they’ll reveal the toy maker and the valeyard are the same being
😂😂😂😂😂😂  That's ridiculous. That episode was dogwater
I do agree with you on the "let it go" being a bit too easy...it felt like a bit of a cop out for me. I'm okay with it, because it means we get Donna back for a little longer,  but it definitely did feel a bit anticlimactic. And the whole "it takes a woman to think of this" thing was...silly. IMHO 😬  I get what they were doing, and I appreciate it, but that specific moment didn't quite work for me. But on the whole, absolutely agree with all the ups and downs, this was an absolute delight and I'm so happy to have David Tennant & Catherine Tate back, with RTD at the helm. It does feel like coming home 🥹
Doctor Who is back... but he knows nothing because he is male. Okay, so we are going that obviously sexist? That is still judging people by their gender rather than what they actually are. Imagine switching the gender in the " you can't know because you are male".
This is so based
13:44 We've also NEVER seen the Doctor COME BACK after a generation into someone whom we know and love!
13:24 But Ellie.. It's SONIC... :)
I have a theory Mitch is Mickey and Martha’s son. They moved near Donna to keep an eye on her. Unfortunately unit or more likely torchwood business caused them to go off world. Leaving him to be taken care of by Martha’s sister.
A definite down with the quotes "we know everything. And you know nothing. It's a shame you're not a woman anymore, cos she'd had understood. We've got all that power but there is a way to get rid of it. Something a male-presenting Time Lord will never understand. Just let it go. And we choose to let it go." A piece of propaganda Not needed or wanted!  Disney better keep their grubby fingers off DOCTOR WHO!
9:37  "But it's sonic..."  ;)    Not coming for you Ellie.. just repeating what the Doctor has said in the past when challenged about THE SONIC.. lol :)
I loved the episode, but I really had to cringe when it ended well because "binary, non-binary". Eye roll. I get it.  Other than that, really good episode. :-)
The politics being shoehorned in and rammed into your face is the down that destroyed all the ups.
I like the new sonic capability. It makes it more useful than just a means of getting out of a scrape or locked room.
Sorry, but the show turned into boring sht with all the message pushing. I watch these shows to relax and for the fun factor, not to hear one side screaming we are better than the other side. I guess Disney has not learned their lesson with all the money they have been losing.
Side note: When Donna and Rose were letting go of the metacrisis energy, did it look to anyone else that Shirley breathed in some of it??
I really feel left out from how many people like the new TARDIS interior. To me it's like 10 downs, seriously. It's so baron and cold, there's no personality or any decorations in it. Like, why is  DAVID TENNANT's TARDIS as sterile and empty as a new hospital before they even put the waiting room chairs in? It really took the wind out of my emotional high when I seen the interior.
Go woke go broke
I’m sorry, but this was awful.
I loved this episode and I loved the character of Rose Nobel, but the way they handled the metacrisis at the end was a little too easy. But this isn't the first time that crisis was dealt with "easy solutions" before in Doctor Who, even in the classic Who. But it didn't quite seem right to be add a man-bashing type of thing either. I am AMAB non-binary (Omni-gender) presenting male most of the time and it would be far better to show that ALL genders (male, female, non-binary) are valuable in their own way. I don't mind the upgraded capabilities of the sonic screwdriver, but it seems that the Doctor made the shields in a nonchalant way like of course it can do it... It would have been better if he discovered it had the capability by accident, like woah, I didn't know I could do this!
I hated it 🤷‍♂️. The formula is tired as fuck and the woke preachy stuff is eye rolling. They just undid important storyline consequences for nostalgia baiting and pandering.
I was ready to be triggered by the whole 'Rose, binary, NON binary' thing...but it was well & tastefully done- I did not feel I was preached to- and it actually fit right in to the premise of the Doctors physiology...well done
Who thought that the sonic needed to be MORE overpowered?? It could already do basically anything and now the doctor can also make force fields? 😭
Disney has taken the TARDIS and transported it into the Panderverse.
Dont be fooled by this media spin. Ratings low... Propaganda This was woke as hell
Ideology the message man haters This has got all this in one episode
RIP DR WHO 2017
total bullshit, never liked david that much, he is overrated asf
My only problem was Donna asking "Why this face" why did you come back with this face??  How would she even know he had regenerated, let alone more than once? Her memory was erased before he regenerated.
I liked the show.  On the too polished front, I thought the music throughout the episode was too cinematic.  I like the intro but then it needs to die back and become more atmospheric
Fantastic discussion, thank you!
I think it's a little iffy to have Rose, the inheritor of the metacrisis energy, the be non-binary. Could be seen as non-binary means you're not 100% human.  And them just "letting it go" is a bit of an asspull. I dont know if there's a way that I would bave felt like was a good ending for that crisis (and yes, that includes Donna dying).   But the episode was a strong B or B+ episode.
27 up's and 4 downs...... And some people say that's doctor who lost 80% of thier viewers because of the "binary non-binary" thing 😢... I hope that's not true.... I mean it doesn't hurt anyone..... Hate and stubbornness is the thing that hurts not acceptance of these things
I liked the new abilities of the sonic- but my reaction was 'since when does it do that?' Boy, could previous doctors have used that!
So I have a theory and at the same time a question so I going to ask the question first and the theory second and a little bit of a spoiler, so why Shirley Anne Bingham left up her one leg in the scene that she first meet The Doctor? Now the theory, so I think Shirley Anne Bingham I think she is the Toy Maker/ Neil Patrick Harris character because the scene it feels off about it and Shirley Anne Bingham can’t move her two legs but why, I don’t know how I feel about this but leave you ideas about this in the comments so bye.
I agree with you on the sonic thingy: I like how it used to be just a device that can open and activate things, and whenever something more specific is needed, the Doctor would have to make a new (often goofy) machine entirely
How about the line where he shows his "ID" to Shawn & it says "Mistress"? "Oh, catch up!"
lol this girl would never watch William Hartnell's tenure. Doctor Who & its "fans" are Americanised, Disneyfied & fake.
So question and posible theory but the "psychic sun" that turned the meeps evil, do you think that has anything to do with the "sun" that was being harvested in 42?
I don't mind the computer screen but I don't like the force field
You couldn't pay me 10k to watch this trash/trash
The best thing about this episode was the end!    I thought it sucked on every level possible!    I had hope when I heard David was coming back but damn this thing was soo bad.  I will not be watching anymore!  Dr Who is truly a dead at this point.
100% agree. New subscriber and can't wait to see more break downs.
About the sonic thing, it has been a shield in the past, so it’s not entirely out of character, but it is a bit jarring.
I was disappointed by this. Like everyone else I was excited to see DT return. However,  his return is not really addressed or explained, nor does the Dr.  himself seem curious. It's like "oh, I'm back in this iteration...ok".    The episode itself is about average...nothing special. It seemed to be filmed mostly at night without a big budget. The episode felt dark, closed in, and done on the cheap. The writing had a few lines, but not many.   DT looked a little old. Yeah, it happens, but still. The hairstyle didn't help. They seemed like they were still trying to pass off DT as a 35 year old, and that clearly wasn't working. I'd give this 6 out of 10. Not bad, a typical Who episode, but nothing special. And given the extraordinary circumstances and rare opportunity of such a return, it was disappointing.
The lower half of the spaceship was practical, not CGI as Ellie states and The Meep was practical as well with some CGI elements which is what makes it so believable. A really, really nice use of real locations and practical effects in this episode which makes it both more real and more old-time Doctor Who than the last few series which over-relied on CGI in my opinion.
I’m happy dr who are appealing to there LGBTQ+ and representing them in the show but personally I feel some parts were heavily pushed and unnecessary. The convo between Donna and Silvia was great, it felt real and relatable and natural but when it comes to rose questioning the doctor about his comment on the meeps identity to me it just wasn’t needed for lots of reasons the main one being that the meep is a alien and nobody knows if the meep kind have genders or if there genders are the same as ours on earth. I’m not complaining about this or saying it shouldn’t have happened I’m just voicing my opinion
The bit with all the female characters lecturing the Doctor on how bad it is that he is male really killed it for me.  I think if you reverse the genders and say teh same dialogue you will see the problem.
I thought the music was handled very well in this story. A step up from the last few seasons. Can't beat Murray Gold - he's a national treasure.
I 100% agree on the ups and down. I'll ad a down on the coffee splited on the tardis, it seems not well executed. It seems forced. One last thing, if it's been 15 years since the wedding that mean Rose is maximum 14. Unfortunately the actress looks much older. Too bad because she's good. :)
Not very bright to have a coffee maker built into something ignited by coffee.
I think that with the Doctor walking around the mill that he had been spotted early on by UNIT and they recognized his face and were like “That’s just the Doc, let him sneak about if he wants to. He’s good.”. This is supported by how Bingham just casually goes up to The Doctor and just instantly knows who he is.
Im unsubscribing, enjoy the star trek ups and downs so you guys made me mildly interested in dr who because of your enthusiasm, but good lord this episode is just trash and has ruined any interest i had for exploring the series. kthxbye
It was fucking awful woke shit
The racap is also good for someone like me who has only watched season 4 one time like six years ago and can’t remember anything. I love Doctor Who but I also finished the classic series recently and I listen to it on audio, too, so there’s not much time for revisits. I have restarted the reboot series, but I am in series 2.
I LOVED the interior of the Tardis...and was heartbroken when it broke. :(
I especialy liked the part at the end of the episode when The Doctor gets a dressing down, brilliant!
Yeah..I don't think we will be seeing Wilf.
I feel, I would have liked the episode to have been feature length rather than a normal 50 minute episode. It's the 60th. Why not have made 3, 80 minute episodes. Like you I teared up in many parts of the episode and on the closing credits(i tweeted you about the closing credits). I could feel the complete 60 years worth of Doctor Who in those last few minutes of music. You're right when you say The Meep was almost forgotten about near the end, it did seem like an extremely rushed ending. It would have been nice to have seen Wilf in the episode, Donna could have spilled coffee on the console after visiting Wilf (RIP Bernhard Cribbins, a truly gifted actor). I need a figure of The Meep, seriously. I tweeted you the one I found on the bay of e, but I found it a little pricey. I agree with you about the Sonics capabilities, it takes me back to JW's Doctor, when she made her own sonic out of Sheffield steel (I'm in Sheffield by the way). I always presumed the TARDIS manufactured the sonic, which is why is had the capabilities that it had, but having the Doctor make her own and it does the same things is a little wrong, but that's just my opinion. Sorry went off topic. If they were going to give the sonic that much power, wait until the 15th Doctor took over, make an episode where it explains an upgrade on the sonic perhaps. Sorry, I went on a bit.
I couldn't tell their chant either
Got to be honest, found the music intruded on the dialogue too much. I always hoped the Tardis interior would at some point echo the original set, but I find the scale of this one too large for that concept. I'm pleased many did like this episode, but I found it too 'Disney-fied' for my tastes.
Ellie is easily the most engaging presenter from the team, great stuff
Catharine Tate = 💩👇🏻.
You say you loved the stairs but i thought it was all ramps because one of my thoughts was the tardis is wheelchair accessible so we might see Ruths character in the tardis
"Hail to The Meep!" Dona talking about giving away her winnings, she could have been meening her Dad. Also the fact the that the winning lottery ticket, was paid for useing money The Doctor got from her Dad.
My new theory for The Wild Blue Yonder episode:  The episode could possibly follow the Tardis as it travels around collecting past doctors/companions to bring back to the Doctor and Donna to help fight what they’re up against.   Thoughts?
evil meep sure is creepy
I hope the overuse of sonic is not an ongoing trend for the 15th Doctor
I quite liked the 'sonic screwdriver' functions. '13' was able to create one out of Sheffield Steel! They are Time Lords who can manipulate space/time. Why not generate a force-field and a mid-air flatscreen.
Huge pile of woke Disney trash shoving identity politics in our faces instead of good writing. Who is dead.
Yeah i wasn't digging the sonic screwdriver.
You don’t look like Simon Miller but you’re getting a ginger up
More ups then the last two seasons...
Excuse you, but is THE meep <3
I'm at the 13min mark with this comment, but I think we see Wilf at the end of the third episode as a coda to Tennant's run and it's Wilf saying goodbye to the Dr that leads to the next regeneration. Just a thought.
Sorry I like the super sonic it was different but fun and yes a bit marvelesque but less cheap than the doctor holding it up to his head as if he can hear or see something we can't which is what we got before.
I loved Wilf but also hope they don’t try have him in the season. Feel there’s very few occasions using a dead person’s image for TV or movie ever feels tasteful. Has this feeling of “dead or not we own your imagine and will use it how we want”
It was a solid 7/10 and a great return to form. Some parts could have been improved, the ending in particular needed just a little reworking. Overall though,  I loved this episode.
Just so glad to see DT back . He will always be my favorite by a hair, as I loved them all. Been watching since the 70s in America. Now a 77 year old grand person.
It was so preachy. Awful
Having read a large number of the comments here I can only assume they watched a different version. I thought it was a continuation of the Jodie Whittaker style which I found to be terrible. The clumsy trans woke insertions made me cringe. RTD is no longer the inspired leader from the 2000's. He has fallen to the BBC Disney woke side. I have no hope that this will improve. RIPDRWHO.....
I thought I was watching yet another tedious Chibnall episode. Noise, shouting and running around to make up for the paper thin plot. The worst, most stilted dialogue that made every conversation cringeworthy and unrealistic. And, yet another companion (thinking of Ryan and Yasmin) who has zero screen presence and little evidence of acting ability.  I liked the new Tardis interior so that was something I suppose.  Sadly, the new Doctor Who is not for lifelong fans me so I will stick with the old series.
UNIT doesn't usually get in the Doctor's way, so if he's sauntering in with an old face it could be they just let him 'sneak in.'  Think about how casually the advisor seems to take him just sitting around looking over schematics.
I’ve been a fan of Who for 40 years and this Episode has got to be the worst Written ever. Well done BBC for your excessive wokeness.
I don't know about anyone else, but I really didn't mind the new supersonic abilities. Especially since we first saw it shooting lasers in Day of the Moon in 2011, we saw three of the same sonic blasting a Dalek in the Day of the Doctor, and then again being used as a laser in The Doctor Falls against Cybermen (when the Doctor, Missy and the Master all kill the first upgraded cyberman which arrives through the lift). Twelve used sonic sunglasses to give him sight somehow when he was blinded. Thirteen once jammed a Dalek's gun using her Sonic, and generally used her sonic to resolve most of her episodes in a hugely ridiculous number of ways with little to no explanation. We've been seeing the sonic do ridculous unexpected stuff for over a decade, this is just yet another of it's many features.
It wasn't done the best but the pre-episode weird green screen description WAS certainly necessary considering not everyone watching works on a Doctor Who youtube channel, or is as big a fucking nerd as the rest of us and knows what happened on Doctor Who like 15 years ago.  Omg I just realized, Donna first showed up in a special and then became a full companion a year later, what if Rose is 15's next companion after Ruby?
Dr Donna Dr Rose would have been AWESOME!
The thing about the sonic screwdriver is that it's a tool, not for the doctor, but for the writers. It's not used to solve problems, it's used to further on the story. That's exactly how it is used in this episode. He doesn't use his awesome forcefield powers to beat them, it just helps them get to the stairs. So, I think it's great
...I see ups and Down's i expected Simon xD
This is a rather idiosyncratic, cyclopian & undemanding "review".  And we have all seen what Disney has done to Star Wars and Marvel, right?
I will step in to say that I did not care for the binary/non-binary issue. Trans people do not need a metaphysical reason to be trans. We just are. Everything about Rose's transness was great in this episode except for that.
This episode brought joy back to the series.
The Wilf bit had my wife in tears 100% & then a few choice words when the reveal he was still alive. My observation is Unit uniforms looked like Spaceballs uniforms.
Here's my review of the episode : ick, cringe, seen better writing on Tumblr, horrible representation, goofy as fuck, terrible acting, horrible pacing.
I already had a partial theory on why Tennant is back story wise, now I think I have the whole picture. 10 was the Doctor who wouldn't let go. He cheated regeneration once, and pushed out the other until he practically exploded. When the Doctor had to regenerate backwards to get rid of the Master, his incarnation was probably just waiting on the edge for the right opportuinity. So he slipped in because the Doctor's regenration was still running in reverse.  I believe this entire arc will be about 10/14 learning to let go and move on. The first lesson was when Donna and Rose let go of the remaining metacrisis energy and just became themselves. Sadly, I think one of the scenes we will get will be Wilf in a death scene, as another way for the Doctor to learn to move on.  In the end, I full expect The Doctor to say, "I'm ready to go" before he regenerates.
Well...whovians we had a ..good run. 60 years. it was off a cliff in the last bit but still 60 but things die. Its time to put this time lord down for good...How Tf could they insult the 9th and 4th Doctor at the same time in the same scene? Fc russel
My biggest complaint is that it felt a tiny bit rushed. They needed 10-20 more minutes. I agree that the, just let it go, felt a bit cheap. "A male timelord wouldn't get it" also felt a bit much. I think we're still going to have that set it just won't be as "clean". The screwdriver's new capabilities were a bit much. All in all, I loved it. Those who made RIPDoctorWho trend on X can go suck an egg. They are hating just to hate at this point.
i don't like the superduperSonic  changes too much
So i agree with most, if not all of what you have said.  I did notice a marvelesque style/joke here and there, it was expected.  Doctor Who has done this before, especially during the Amy-America run.  But also i did not a few audio misfires.  For me (and my sister- i was watching it with her), it was the scene you mentioned, but also the scene where Donna and Rose are letting go of "the force."  She (my sister - has trouble with British accents) attributed it to their accents, but for me (grew up on Monty Python) it just sounded muddled.  Like an audio error.    I do have to (and am currently) going back with my sister through Donna's run.  She only saw a few episodes.  Because she doesn't "feel their closeness" or understand why they are best friends.  And as a side note.  Since we have been watching Donna episodes, my sister has been saying things/asking questions out loud, that Donna says just seconds later when addressing the Doctor.  For example: we were watching The Fires of Pompeii and at the end my sister is saying, as Donna and the Doctor run for the Tardis, "Can't they save anyone" just before Donna belts out the same.  And when they get to the Tardis, my sister goes: "can't they save at least him/them?" just as Donna is about to cry out "Just save someone."
Also if you can have a sonic gun cut a hole in a wall or as the doctor calls it squareness gun then surely the sonic can get a similar upgrade
So there's not a down for Rose and Donna calling the Doctor dumb bc he's a male and wouldn't understand.......no we'll just gloss over that one🙄
The thing I love about this Tardis the most is that it was like the original Doctor's Tardis mixed with the David Tennant Tardis
I watched this episode with my brother and [SPOILER ALERT] we were both just frustrated with how they resolved the Metacrisis concept at the end.  Rose having the meta crisis passed down to her, a cool concept. She could’ve gone forward as an awesome doctor-lite character, the daughter of Doctor Donna, and she could’ve been the solution to saving Donna's life. Instead they basically "wished it away" and it’s just solved. My brother and I had this whole rant after the episode ended about how it just…maybe not ruined, but curtailed the big moment of Donna's sacrifice and "death" and it all just screams like a wasted opportunity.  Also, "beware of scale" came to mind when the gates of hell opened across London, and then just closed themselves up again as another resolution. Like, it’s hard to give a story stakes when everything just reverts back so there’s no lasting effects to contend with. Which I realize is doctor who in a nutshell these days. I’m still pissed about the Flux and how little impact a cosmic maelstrom like that had on the wider universe.
I agree about the Donna resolution. I loved the idea that it split the energy with Rose but I think they should have just left it with that because the "letting it go" just seemed like, "well of course that's how you settle the life threatening matter?"
For me the sonic screen isn’t unacceptable if the 11th doctor can use it like a wand just by thinking it then drawing a screen is nothing
I completely disagree about the Sonic. What I loved is that it felt like a tool again and not a magic wand. To me a tool is a thing with prescribed functions and they showed a necessary action to create this screen and then he did something similar and made it a shield. As someone who has NOT liked the sonic in a long time but loved it as a kid (yes, I remember Tom Baker and Peter Davidson and they are my Doctors) this was a definite improvement. I love Matt Smith but his Doctor used the wand like a magic wand where he'd just wave it around and whatever he wanted happened. This required effort so when he did something with it I always felt it was earned
Ellie went a little bit over hyped with the ups for the sake of nostalgia
So... 10/14 keeps his most common trait. Sacrificing his friends.
They made the shield "realistic" in that it could be destroyed after a certain amount of blasts.
Loved having David back !!!!!
Certainly the best episode since 2010, a bit surprised b the viewing figures, but how many people watch live TV now a days?.
I don't think the specials are for new viewers, but rather for all the people who stopped watching after The End of Time part 2. Remember, each of the Tennant episodes in his era amassed a whopping 10 million viewers per episode (except for one). Not a single other Doctor has done this. The fans that left are not going to be watching any YouTube videos explaining anything, because these people stopped being a fan. I feel the recap (not only is it required by Disney+ as part of their distribution contracts) was for former fans to remember the pain they felt when 10.5 regenerated and be excited (in this "reboot era of TV and cinema) to watch their favorite (and even only in some cases) Doctor. I think for the first time in Whostory we have current fans and old fans watching again. Once Ncuti arrives, that will bring in new fans and the entire world will watch Doctor Who and turn into Cyberpeople.
This will make me unpopular but I have to put my two cents in.  I think people have the right to choose how to live their life but I don't think people have the right to glut the media with their choices.  I've been watching Dr. Who since the Tom Baker era.  Loved even the cardboard sets and but not the politics.  It's a fantasy sci-fi show.  Let it be that.  Let it be about monsters and aliens and adventures in space.   Leave the politics and social issues in the news not on Dr. Who.
I enjoyed watching, but they definitely overdid it with the woke stuff.
Thank you for a detailed analysis.  Most of the reviews that I have seen have been knee jerk negative reactions that just focused on a few things.  Nicely done analysis of the entire episode.
Agreed on the sonic.  A step too far for me.  But not a big deal overall.
Doctor Who is back, still seems to have  a bit of a hangover from the 'men are stupid and women know everything' era tho . I miss the old days of RTD when anyone could be fantastic. Good to see David and Catherine.
I love the review, but man I felt old by the end of it (watched-Jon-Pertwee-regenerate-into-Tom-Baker-old)
doctor who isn't a show about gender, sexuality, politics or the state of the world. It's the funny sci-fi show, I really hope this stops soon
I am sick of the pronoun BS.. the episode lost me at that point.. I just wanted to enjoy Doctor Who, but having them say “we know everything and you know nothing” .. sorry but no.. they brought back David Tennant just to put him down.. it really distracted from the story and I’m just sick of it.
One of the biggest ups for me were the little nods that he is indeed a different Doctor.  1. "I absolutely loved her. Do I say things like that now?" - 13th Doctor 2. Use of the 11th Doctor's theme, and the very 11th Doctor line, "It means...I can do it by hand."  3. "I NAME THIS SHIP THE DELUSIONS OF GRANDEUR!" - 100% a 12th Doctor line.   All of those were very deliberate inclusions that were outstanding reminders that he has indeed been three people since the Tenth Doctor.
Okay. Who wants to tell Ellie that those were ramps in the new Tardis interior, and not stairs. Considering RTD's new stance on being positive about disabilities, it makes sense.
I'm also a huge fan of the 10th-Donna duo but I really did not like this episode... It reckoned pretty much everything basicaly (Donna's tragic end, Steven Moffat's and Chris Chibnall's eras...) and does it with bad writting (really sad thing to write considering the fact that I alwalys loved Russel T. Davies's work)... The all introduction (the "previously on my life" and the way the Doctor goes to Camden Town like he doesn't have a care in the world) and the Meep were the worst...
The sonic tech...  of course The BBC uses Avenger tech now; they moved Stark Tower to London for UNIT's new HQ. 🙄
Something I haven't seen mentioned a lot thay you did in this video was the inclusion of practical effects and how much better it made things. Seeing practical effects was refreshing not just in a Who sense, but a film sense overall. This episode blended practical effects and CGI seamlessly imo
I liked the representation in this episode. Actual disability representation of people who are in major jobs, not ignoring that accessibility issues still exist, plus acknowledging non binary people and the struggles they face. I feel like this episode was great in its own right but more so for the amount of the great representation in this episode
6/10. I found the plot ok if not a little boring. The comedy was great and I found myself laughing regularly, I might even say hilarious. Sadly, it's politics are overly forced for me. Dr Who has always been very inclusive and has done so naturally but the complete shaming of the Dr being man at the end of the episode is egregious, it's not funny and goes against progression. The pronoun discussion was a bit intense but no real issue with it. In fact, I really enjoyed the discussion between Sylvia and Donna about Rose.  The Meep was also a bit shit.
An up I think was missed was Rose's shed
Meep looks like it was modeled from a Tarsier. Even those creepy hands.
I have a theory that Shirley is The Boss... I think it's a ruse and she will end up being the big badie...Maybe the Master??
The Special was awesome. I really enjoyed the storyline and it had some great moments but ... There is no place for political ideology in entertainment. It's not why we watch. There's nothing wrong with expressing your views if it helps the story and is presented in a good way, but I and so many others are just so tired of being beaten over the head with this stuff. To see the Doctor being lectured about pronouns...just humiliating, telling him it's too bad #13 wasn't back because she would have understood and he never could because he's a man? Just humiliating and racist. I hoped and prayed  that Doctor Who would be spared all this mess. Hopes dashed. I waited so long to see this special and then to find out that it's not about the Doctor, it's an hour long commercial for Woke ideology. It's just sad. Meant to be Doctor Who's savior but, I think they may have killed an icon.
This whole shit episode was a massive down
Real sad that you were 'jumping around' at that god awful special, who culture simping
that's a lot of boxes ticked in just one episode
When the Doctor says "it will kill you". Donna's "Ok"??? It broke my heart!   Something I love so much about this episode are Tennant  and Tate. WOW man! Hope it re kicks starts their career again.
I have loved Doctor Who ho for as long as I can remember, my dad's friend had a full size Darlek and I was terrified by Davros as child, he was the best villain in a story.  In short, I loved everything about Doctor Who and I have had the privilege of meeting a number of the doctors I saw on TV in real life, my favorite being the 4th Doctor, Tom Baker. However, In recent years the quality of writing got progressively worse and became more social commentary instead of escapist fun. Gone was the light hearted quips and clever solutions, replaced by with political ideology from writers who thought they were morally superior to the audience.   When Jodie Whittaker took the mantle on in 2017 I was hopeful for a different take and I respected her as an actor.  However, after 3 episodes I couldn't watch anymore, the show did't feel like Doctor Who any more.  I couldn't watch this anymore, so I stopped watching.  When I saw that DT was returning for 3 specials I was really excited, but concerned, I really hoped we would get a great story and return to form, just light hearted Saturday evening entertainment like we had for most of my life. I tuned in, feeling excited and hopeful, however I had to stop watching it when I tried it was bloody awful, if anything this was terrible,  such a horrible way to see this national treasure of character treated and 60 years of it's legacy defecated upon.  Story was replaced by identity politics and clever dialogue was replaced by gender based lecture, "it's ashame you are not a woman"!!!!! What the actual !.  I felt like the doctor was the antagonist and his gender was the enemy. It was  like seeing a family member getting murdered in front of me. It actually made me really angry.  It was shameful to see the BBC do this to the Doctor.   I was really hoping this would have made it watchable again but I couldn't have been more wrong.   I feel they have disrespected the character, 60 years of world building, a vast part of the audience and this has killed the Doctor for me forever.   It's a heartbreaking way to see such a big part of my life destroyed in such an evil way. Russell is the real Davros, he has managed what he never did.  He killed Doctor Who.    RIP Doctor Who 1963-2017.
Agreed with all you said.  Another down for me was that the doctor didn't think about just giving up the power because he was "male presenting". Seemed unnecessarily combative and male shaming and also forgot that the doctor was female presenting just a few hours prior. Can you imagine if a line like that was delivered but the genders swapped? Gross.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
The episode was shit. Shit dialogue, nice effects, woke nonsense in the episode, pronouns/gender rubbish involving Rose and Meep. Donna's mum was good as usual, and there was no character and feeling in Doctor Who still.
Ending it with bashing men when they are trying to be all inclusive is a bit hypocritical
Dr. Who is dead. I'll stick with old sci-fi where any politics were subtext to the story and not cringy in your face blatant propaganda. The minute i saw "rose" i knew that was a dude, They really turned rose into a biracial trans identifying male?
I agree about the sonic, all the years the doctor could of used the functions and never did, without addressing its a new screw driver
The sonic shield i thought about heavily because i was thinking wow thats a bit much but after further mental debate i thought, The Doctor is essentially a pacifist, if anyone would take the time to deck out their favorite tool with an ability to stop bullets from flying at them when they are inevitably running away, i suppose it would be the doctor so.
The Doctor's reaction to being told he can always pop by for tea or dinner and a normal friend relationship was something that kind of bothered me. They were both acting like he'd never had that before, but that was a whole thing between him and Amy/Rory, stopping by for Christmas or just to hang out and such. That kind of erasure always bugs me.
First off, I did like the episode. But, as many people have mentioned below. The shoehorned and forced scenes truly detracted from the episode as a whole. And I think that @WhoCulture did a disservice on not actually addressing the core of it and only talking about the fact it was weak writing.  The first scene I mean is where rose said something like ‘did you just assume its gender’. This truly felt out of place and instantly made me dislike the character. Because of the sheer fact that it is such an unnecessary statement there are many more subtle and polite ways to get that point across that do not ‘attack’ someone. The people who say it exactly like Rose did in this scene are usually not the ones that are a positive influence on anything.   This one pales in comparison to the second one, while the scene above made me dislike Rose as a character it, at least, didn’t harm the plot. The second one is the way the ‘resolved’ the meta crisis. They started with an absolutely golden ‘binary, share the load’ reasoning that I loved. But then utterly undermined themselves later. The whole spiel of ‘we’re ladies so we can let go’ was a clear cut jab at males and completely uncalled for and even contradicts a previous statement where it was said that the doctor is neither male nor female. It felt truly out of place and a huge copout, and one so easily fixed with one change of word. Change ‘male (presenting something or another)’ and change it to ‘human’. It would fit fully with the doctor and the Nobels backstories…. Or better yet, leave it as it was, why ‘let go’ they solved it for now by spitting it and could, in due time and with more care’ resolve it over the other specials.  I truly hope we’re going to see less forced content and return to proper who.
Massive Down. The cringey pronoun and non binary crap they involved. Absolute balls.
It was alright but was let down by the identity politics. I couldn't give it more than 6/10. The scene with Sylvia was brilliant, and the deadnaming scene was necessary, but after that it all went a bit cringe, such as the scene where they ask the Meep its pronouns and the sexist attack on those "male-presenting" at the end. I felt the fact that they made Rose trans as a plot requirement, rather than simply a feature of her personality, didnt really do justice to the character. One of my favourite episodes of anything is the "Long, Long Time" episode of The Last of Us. It deals with a gay couple, rather than a trans individual, but takes a more nuanced approach, making you feel for the characters without being preachy or overtly political. I think Doctor Who could learn a thing or two.
Question? Did Anyone catch Scientific Advisory #56 crossing her legs and looking off camera? SO awsome
Towards the end I thought Donna and Rose were going to burst into song: "🎵 Let It Go...🎵" My heart did sink, and I think I groaned a little albeit briefly.
Thanks, I loved this show.💕 🎁🕯🌟🕯🎁
I really didn't like how after all the episode's talk about getting past the "binary", the show literally backtracks and steps on itself by literally falling back on the gender binary by telling the Doctor that "as a male-presenting Time Lord" he couldn't figure out that "letting the Meta-Crisis go" was an option. Like, the Doctor's gender-presentation literally had nothing to do with it. The line isn't just preachy and jabby in a bad way, but it doesn't fit the context of the conversation, scene, or episode. It's just a line that's WILDLY out of place where it appears and feels almost a bit mean to the Doctor.  99.999% of the episode is great, but that line really took me and my sister out of it, especially as the episode had been handling the notions of identity, self-expression, and gender so incredibly well and in such a nuanced manner up until then.
I thought the whole point was that The Doctor was spotted whilst trying to be sneaky. But they knew it was him and so didn't much care.
I can't watch this show anymore, just not enough diversity, no little people, no conjoined twins, no bearded women, no straight Caucasian couples...I mean come on, there are other types of people in this World.
The metacrisis was split between Donna and Rose, but that didn't weaken it surely.  Even releasing half a metacrisis with destroy half an Infinite universe (which would be also infinite).  It was a major plot point, and I agree it was a disappointment on how it was resolved..
It had its funny moments but the 100% going to kill Donna is voided why? Because she is a woman.... really RT, Really. the tardis is just over the top flashy for all the kids they hope to bring in with Disney, the screwdriver powers just upgraded to insane levels it takes away the adversary to overcome when he can just flop out the screwdriver and cast spells to fix everything, weaponised wheelchair just felt like there trying to pull action fans, I don't know, they brought back Tennant that I was so excited for then they trashed it with crap writing again, to be PC, just don't exclude people, don't need to change everything to force it. I don't want half the episode to be able sexuality pc and complaining about misgendering and bull crap. I don't think Dr who is back... I think this episode just buried it. they care more about getting nods from the communities than making a good episode.
It was alot better than everything we had in the last few years, but its was pretty generic and average and didnt feel like a special more of a mid season filler episode
Lets face it, the sonic is plot armour for the plot itself. The physical manifestation of Plot Armour.
with you on the sonic, is now too all singing all dancing,,,, and were did he get it??? they so could have had the CIN mini ep as the tardis building it, him playing with it and all hell braking losing at its new found powers, could have been super funny, unlike what we was given.  i think alot of people wont get the word key to unleash the doctor/donna , and to be fair why would they???  no fan of the '' we just let it go.'' bit , too easy, too quick and really bugged me.  MASSIVE DOWN, the doctor had only just regenerated, but you wouldn't have thought it, I love the 1st ep after a regeneration is always fun to see the doctor a bit confused, AND he had his old face back, but it felt like this was nearly completely brushed over.  Please don't get me wrong i mostly loved this story 8/10, but felt more like it should have had a story that came before it.
completely agree, the new sonic is stupid and out of place, the physical sonic is fine, the ability to make screens and stuff is way way over the top and just does not suit the show at all
I must admit I think I need to watch the episode again because while I loved it, my mind has been easewhere in recent weeks.   But I really don't mind that the Sonic can produce a screen or shielding. The Sonic is essentially a portable piece of The TARDIS. So she probably gave this new Sonic some of her abilities. It's saves constantly running back to the TARDIS to get an examination on expansive readings.  I'm basically seeing this new Sonic as like a Tony Stark Gadget, new and improved and capable of more than we could ever imagine.   And thankfully The Star Beast has already shown though that regardless of the Sonic, the Doctor will always use his mind and move around for solutions rather than scan, get a reading and move on.
the sonic, works on wood... nope, impenetrable wall... yep
This episode was terrible. Donna having to forget and The Doctor losing her was a huge deal and a tragic and pivotal moment in 10th Doctor's story that pushed him towards being the Timelord Victorious and one of the best episodes of his whole run, Waters of Mars. And here it's just handwaved away, super easy, barely an inconvenience. Imagine if in Fellowship of the Ring right after Gandalf's death when they get to Lorien Galadriel would tell them "you stupid male bastards, if you were female you'd know the Ring can be just wished away if you have a vagina" and then she took the Ring and it would just disappear in a puff of smoke. The end. That's what this felt like.
Down, they got rid of doctor donna to soon tbh
The whole non binary thing and the "it's a shame your not a woman" thing is so fuckin dumb and unnecessary
Dressing down the Doctor repeatedly and wishing he was still a women. I'm out.
Great video, can't wait for the next two when you them. But i can see the struggle to tip toe around that 'Binary' moment. Just be honest as this is just a great in depth review from genuine fans, and I know it's 2023 and that's the world but i wonder how many drafts that section of the script went through, and it couldn't be skipped like the much earlier moment that is also a talking point. If you just come out and present it critically for the episode itself then that's the best way you can approach it. RTD has placed on Who so many LGBTQ+ moments in the past but here it just broke down the pace of the episode as we had to stop to address it, it never felt organic in the moment. But also for the climax it was just an easy out. But a great episode and i had a lot of fun with it. And i liked this video as it pointed out a few things i missed, which i can notice and go back into on further repeat viewings.
Didn't the eleventh Doctor use the sonic to produce a shield in the episode "The snowmen"?
I don’t think I was watching the same doctor who. I thought it was pour. Bring back the deep story’s the doctor tells us whilst music like bad wolf is playing in the background.
Why am I watching this having not seen the episode? I'm in Ireland and the BBC has agreed with Disney that all not in the UK and Ireland is for Disney, and the BBC will not allow iPlayer in Irelandd..( Ask Sean ) . That being said I love your presentation and obvious enjoyment.  I'm hoping to catch it next week when it is broadcast.
why? being majorly positive here, but the only good thing in this was the tardis design. There was no doctor who episode here, merely a vehicle to push transgenderism & identify politics...oh..and man bashing. Lets not forget that. Do you have any idea how many wheelchair users I had to turn away because i could not fit rocket launchers to their chairs? "sorry luv its physics". But nooo they all want rocket launchers now.
You are the only channel I have came across that has actually liked the episode most channels I have came across have said that Doctor Who is Dead BBC and Disney have made it WOKE and that they spent the whole episode saying that the Doctor was useless as he was not a woman anymore by Rose and Donna I have not seen the episode yet so I can not make an opinion about this I hope I like it
Can anyone explain how Donna and rose fixed the metacrasis and saying only a woman would understand? How did they 2 just let it go?
Nice to just gloss over the part where they're being critical of the Doctor being a man again "being a male presenting Doctor, you wouldn't think to just let it go" talking as if women aren't the more naturally emotional gender and would actually be the gender that would struggle to "let it go", but hey, it's another shot at men so it doesn't matter, we'll just keep letting it go. Being female, being non-binary GOOD, being male BAD, that's how it goes right.............? I like how they did the binary/non-binary thing with the DoctorDonna, but the subtle shots at men aren't needed. I thought we had left that BS with Chibnall, but apparently not.  Can we please just go back to when TV shows were for entertainment, there other wasy to get political and social agendas out there, light hearted entertainment isn't one of them.
Trash trans ideology and other leftist ideas ruining people and content alike.
Let's see with what kind of solution the writers came up with to the meta crisis of Donna Nobel after having years thinking about this: Ah yes, the "just let it go" thing. Great writing. 10/10. Masterpiece.
Lol dude we can no longer talk about things being “above the capabilities” of the Sonic. It has been used for so many random things in the past, I am perfectly fine with the new Sonic having these cool physical imprinting abilities- especially because that’s the trick that gets them out of the Temple-Noble house!
RTD lectures us all on Davros and the wheelchairs but fails to clear up how Donna spends all her time belittling and verbally bullying Nerys. Oh but thats ok because Nerys isn't in a wheelchair. Guy can't write for peanuts. And as for the sonic? Now he's beyond space jesus which again was the fault of RTD and because of the Timeless Child by Chris Chibnall.making him 'Immortal' there is absolutely no threats for the Doctor anymore .....and that is just the start . It'll only get worse (if thats possible.)Oh of course it's now in the hands of the Yanks at Disney+ its going to be a shit storm of garbage writing propped up by so-called state of the art special effects. The Wrarth Warriors looked like Jon's era monsters never mind Tom's.      Dr.Who is dead now.....and the inside of the Tardis does nothing for me....again its just plagiarised from the original, which was already wheelchair friendly anyway. But it let's RTD get up on his little gold soapbox and lecture us all again as if we're all cabbages. Now if only people had listened to Tom in 77 .....your scores should be the other way round!
20:02 - "...Neil Patrick Harris, who we knew was coming in..."  "We" as in "you", yes. I was just here for another perspective on the episode I just watched, not spoilers for what's coming up.  Y'know, I always thought just avoiding online info about something that had just come out until I'd watched it was enough. Now, I guess I need to worry about avoiding spoilers for things that aren't even out yet. Cool, cool cool cool cool. See you all in a few weeks, I guess!
For me the Star Beast was quite a mixed bag. I liked the meep, I liked the trial and the chaos. I also really liked how they were handling the subject of gender... in the first half. The writing got sloppier and more conveniences as it went along and everything from the point of Donna waking up was just lazy and unsatisfying imo. My friends that watched it with me felt a bit underwhelmed as well.  It was overall pretty decent, but I wasn't blown away. Hopefully the next 2 specials are better :)  In LOVE with the new TARDIS interior and the title sequence btw!
Brilliant episode, I personally loved the new Sonic screwdriver.
the holo-screen is one thing, the forcefields are op
While I liked the Sonic Screwdriver upgrades I didn't like how they just appeared. Like the abilities The Doctor needed were just there, on demand. Mind you that last line does pretty much sum up the Sonic Screwdriver perfectly. There should have been a scene with The Doctor upgrading it. You could have even made ma joke about it where a screen pops up from the Sonic and says "An updrade for your device is available. Would you like to update now?" As a reference to mobile phones.  100% agree on the whole let it go fiasco. It was like  "But Donna you may still burn up, but slower. We still need a plan to stop you both dying" "I've got the perfect solution!" "Which is?" "Not dying." Oh right, yea I guess that is one way to do it.  Also something just clicked for me. In interviews RTD said that the TARDIS was going to be made wheelchair accessible. Then in Star Beast they mention that Wilfred can no longer get up the stairs anymore. I think The Doctor is going to offer to take Wilf into the TARDIS and possibly take him on one last trip, and its going to break me.
Did you notice that there are no steps in the TARDIS that means a wheelchair can get around with no issues.
We watched it as a family like we did years ago when David Tennent was the Doctor … we all loved it.
the Sonic....given the history of the Dr under attack, it would make sense for it finally have defensive capability.  Dodgy effects/ costumes ....it's part of the charm. Recently watching the back catalogue in B & W hides alot of that...perhaps today's audience should be content with great stories, pacing and acting.
....is this a joke...? inventing 'ups' out of nothing while ignoring real 'downs'.....lmao...
The episode was trash, the writing was trash, the characterisation was trash, the story was a basic and boring as it gets, the "representation" was garbage, distasteful, dehumanising and insulting to those it tried to represent, Rose was characterless mcguffin with minimal important plot relevance, the episode was devoid of nuance and subtlety, it was hamfisted, childish and immature, the insulting and degrading of the doctor for being male was pathetic and mean spirited, sexist and a textbòok example of misandry.
The Doctor remembered how she took her coffee... 😁
Very nerdy rant:  I think that the sonic making walls is only a stretch because it’s not explained properly . What if the sonic is cutting though the fabric of space, revealing a wall of pure energy? I also think it could be portrayed better—It looks silly when he just waves the sonic and they appear. Maybe the sonic could transform (like 11’s extended) to reveal a laser tip, which could then cut the aforementioned tears in space.
Ellie, I can tell how much this episode meant to you because you have never been more exciting or attractive!   God! Your word fluency and intelligence are amazing. You hit point after point that were on my list too. I say this as an old fan since the 1970’s and Pertwee/Baker.  A few other things I loved:  The armed wheelchair. Have been wheelchair bound since major heart surgery in May so not only was this inclusive but as someone who had to stop acting after 50 plays due to spinal problems, this gave me hope for that expansion into other potential jobs for movement limited actors.  New T.A.R.D.I.S. design, not only were the initially white circles a throwback to classic Who, but the wheelchair ramps and David’s use of them to express glee! Wow. Just wow! The Tigger like joyful exuberance!!!!  I thought think the Disney $’s helped a bit. Speaking of which, the whole multiverse thing brings up the possibility of a Marvel/Who Dr. Srange/Doctor film crossover possibility.  Can you imagine the impact of the beebs share of a Marvel Who crossover on the BBC’s budget? Wow. Loki as a Who villain?  Is The T.A.R.D.I.S. inside big enough for the Hulk. The mind boggles.  Understand your feelings about the next two specials, I have spent the last year dodging any, any spoilers, not watching any trailers. None. So very hard as time went on.  OK, bedtime.
Absolutely mediocre episode filled with 'THE MESSAGE' being forced down our throats.
I`m so glad I didn`t watch any trailers, I couldn`t avoid spoilers but trailers give it all away they already show so many scenes I don't wanna see it all in advance
My only down is that her name is Rose. I could never stand Rose (Billie Piper, not Yasmin), and I have hated how they keep making it like she is the most important character and companion the Doctor has ever had.
Story  4/10.  Acting except Doc and Don: 6/10. The Doctor and Dona acting and chemistry. 10/10!!!
👍🏻
Interesting how you left out the silly Pronoun Situation and that "You as a MALE Timelord would never think about to let it go" - the show would have been good, but that shoehorned woke bullshit was WAY too much "The Message"
I guess the recap was needed for the Disney crowed, but agreed would have been good to do it as sort of first video shown before the actual episode. Also agreed like wth he`s just gotten his old face back, when did he get a sonic that creates a force field that he can jjust move around? That was too Disney for me
Meep was actually practical morphed with digital
I agree, the sonic screwdriver seemed way too powerful this episode.  By the end of the episode I stopped caring about the interactive screen, as that could be classed as similar to some of the stuff the sonic sunglasses could do just with a different interface. But the reflective shielding seems a bit over powered.
I’ve been watching Doctor Who since I was a kid after they made the doctor a woman I refuse to watch now I thought oh I’ll get them a second chance now pronouns and other such garbage. I will never watch Doctor Who again and I will never watch you again, because you never even mention a thing about pronouns.
The sonic always had those abilities. You just didnt see them. UP!
Too much BBC making the episode about gender. Dr Who is becoming a propaganda tool.
I used to love Dr who, But the bbc has killed it for me, never again will i watch it.
😍😍😍
I had no issues with the Sonic Screwdriver having new abilities because it was a new Sonic Screwdriver and I thought “it’s an upgrade on the old Sonic Screwdriver tech he used for the last thousand or so years.
i kind of agree on the sonic screen being a bit too far but i can see it's just a plot device as the Doctor didn't have a TARDIS console at that moment, and to be honest it portrays the sonic analysing something a lot better than the doctor simply vaguely looking at the sonic. so i agree but ill get used to it. i kind of agree that the sonic sheild was kind of a lot... but i can't fault it like, the sonic got a major upgrade but the doctor pulling out a device out of nowhere that can solve the immediate task has always been a thing. i just really put myself in the mentality of my own childhood watching the 2005 series and being amazed at all the things the sonic can do and i just can't fault it. it'is new, it's exciting. i think it's pushing the boundaries of what i understand the sonic to be capable of but again the doctor and their toys are always evolving to new and exciting things so i am just going to put it down to me being not a  kid anymore haha.
I can't really agree with your first down. I think it was important to include it with the episode to catch people up. The majority of viewers who need to see this wouldn't have seen it online. Those who don't really need it are the ones most likely to see it there. So I think it had to be the start of the episode.  Sylvia was great in this special. Yeah, in S4, not such a likeable character. But here, you really see how much she cares, even if she's not always good at saying it. You even have her making them dinners because of financial issues. And the conversation around Rose was great.  The screens are certainly new and we will have to see how often they're used. I don't think it should be used too often but it is a nice little change from him just looking at the screwdriver and somehow knowing all it says. I guess there's probably some connection there but visualizing it can be nice too. We'll have to see how it's used. But I was ok with it here.  The shields were an... interesting new power I will admit. Again it's something I wouldn't want overused but unlike the display screen, this one does come with probable 'that would have been useful here' moments in the future.   I didn't like the scene where they resolved the metacrisis thing. It's my one major issue with the episode. It was too easy, they did the whole 'men wouldn't consider this' thing which made no sense, and, if she could just 'let it go', why didn't she 15 years ago?   I love aspects of the Tardis. I love the multiple doors and stairs and ramps and everything. It reminds me of 11's first, which is my favorite Tardis design. But I find it kind of... sterile. Especially under the detail lighting. It is cooler when the background changes to a color. It works with the color. I know it might be a throwback to the more white, stark design of some old Who Tardises, especially with the circles. But I hope if the next Doctor has the same interior that it's made a little more homely. A little more lived in. I also liked 12's version of the Tardis when he added some books and the like to it.
This story was originally  in the  Dr who comic when I  was  a  Lad, minus  the  trans , pronoun and feminist rubbish .
My biggest Up was that they said Rose chose her own name and she chose the name of the first woman to look into the heart of the TARDIS because deep down she knew she had Time Lord knowledge
I agree the super sonic was a problem. The screen didn’t bother me, but I would have given it a down for the shield
"The Star Beast" is such a fun episode. I had an absolute blast watching it and when it was over, I just restarted it and watched again.
I love the new features of the sonic! He made a flippin 3D glass shield! And he finally fixed the resonate concrete thing
Are you going to come up with a variation of latinum ups and trillium downs and the like for Doctor Who for things you REALLY love or hate? 🤔
I loved the opening sequence of the time vortex
About the TARDIS interior: Don't worry, it's been confirmed that it is will stick around for Ncuti Gatwa's era at least for now. David said in the radio interview with him and RTD that he went on set just that day and Ncuti and Millie were filming. So it's staying baby!
Oh my God!!! I just got done watching doctor who!!! It was frickin amazing!!!! I love the intro and the ending song. The inside of the TARDIS is fucking gorgeous and HUGE!!!!
I absolutely adore your content. So genuine. Sending ❤️❤️ from Canada
The Doctor/Donna is one of my favorite, if not my number 1 Tardis duo. I absolutely LOVE this special and love that RTD is back. However... I did just complete a rewatch of new who because I fell off the show during series 12. I have a newfound love for Capaldi and Jodie. That being said.... doe this special feel too much like we just went from series 4 to the Star Beast? It feels like this doctor is very unfazed by anything that just went down in Flux and Power of the Doctor.
i will not watch sex involved in a children's show.. so a God-like transvestite? nope. please stop. i will show no children this show.
I agree about the too-super-sonic. It’s better when it doesn’t carry so much plot weight.
I was blown away by the non binary situation I switched my TV off.
I agree about the sonic, 14 was using it similar to how Tony Stark used his display in Avengers Endgame. Must be to appeal to the American viewers. Also the resolution to the meta crisis and villian was terrible. I liked the interactions between the original cast members and the new tardis console room design. They need to keep the pronoun stuff out of the show, really unnecessary.
Have you seen Unleashed? A lot of your queries are answered there. The Meep was a physical creature. CGI was hardly used.  The ship was really built. Most of it was physical effects. More money was spent on this then an entire series. You are also saying Wraith wrong.  The explanation had to be that long for the casual viewer. It eould be unlikely that they would look on You Tube prior to it. It was designed for someone who has not watched it before to understand it. Hence the info dump. It was awesome. Best episode in years.
So happy The Doc has finally returned. Watched it twice already.  Fab ups and downs Ellie.  I was a bit bemused on the capabilities of the Sonic too.  The touch screen holo I could get past but the shields was a bit😮.
I enjoyed this so much felt like coming home again after being off at Sea for a year
❤❤❤u meep meep meep❤❤❤❤❤meep I am groot meep meep meep PP bong bong beep
I agree on the weird sonic screen, but I think that was only because they didn’t want to do the tardis reveal then, so it was the only way to have the doctor analyze the crash, and it will probably be gone now that he has the tardis. Although I like it being a shield. It gives the doctor some power, since he doesn’t have powers or uses weapons, and makes the sonic a defensive weapon. It helps makes the sonic not be stale, it’s pushing the device further.
Can someone honestly explain to me how being trans and insulting the Doctor saved everyone?
I had issues with the sonic shield at first, but then I remembered that The Doctor has a long history of suddenly pulling brand new superpowers out of their backside, so I figure it makes sense for the sonic to do it as well.
I dont like the new Tardis it looks so clean and is lacking character
I think the new sonic abilities should have been represented by different gadgets, namely the glasses for the screen and a separate personal forcefield wristband device.  Also agree with the other comments that the "did you assume its pronouns" and "you can't figure out how to do this cus you're a man" things were stupid and deserve a down each.
I agree 100%. Every point covers my exact thoughts of everything. Well done
I was whiplashed by the first run. 2nd watch was much better, but the "let it go" scene was still confusing af. LIke....ya'll should have paced the episode better - and removed that stupid ass 4th wall scene -  to explain this magic system. WTH
I love your enthusiasm, Ellie. I loved the episode. Watching it on Disney allows me to watch it several times. I missed Wilf. The wheelchair was great. I wish mine had these gadgets.David & Catherine are just wonderful.
A big DOWN was still going so hard on the social messaging. I weep for the future if they're not going to learn from their mistakes and keep the messaging as the major plot device instead of being subtle and funny with it. 😢😢😢😢
Tuned in out of curiosity, utter woke shite, won't be tuning in again. Nothing has changed, worse if anything
The new sonic can do seemingly anything at all but it still can't break deadlocks?
All right Ellie!  I too was enjoying the episode to the last drop!  It's tradition for the sonic to be upgraded with the doctor's regeneration so while I was surprised by the virtual screen and force fields, it wasn't outside the realm of possibility for these items.  I became a Whovian during Matt Smith's tenure but was fortunate enough to see all the David Tennant Whodom and omigosh, did I love Wilfred. (No I shan't remove my antlers!)  I'm looking forward to the Wild Blue Yonder and where the Doctor and Donna wind up before journeying earthward.
I'm glad I'm not the only one who thought there was a lot of similarities to marvel. I'm not the biggest fan of the marvel style so I really hope they don't rely too heavily on special effects and let the story do more of the work, the practical scenes are definitely a good start. The camera shots felt a bit too stereotypically 'cinematic' but a lot of that I put down to it being a special and the first episode from the overhaul. As for the screwdriver I'm not really the biggest fan either, it kind of changes the role it plays. To me its also like if instead of showing blank on the psychic paper they added it in with special effects, Its just not really doctor who. Those would be some of my biggest downs but overall I'd say its still pretty good, I also really like the theme song and title sequence.
It's the difference between RTD and Chibnall. RTD can write brilliantly and brings the show alive. Chibnall is a flat writer with poor plot pacing and bad dialogue. So nice to have a great writer back.
10:04 ironic to hear a new who fan complaining about the sonic's expanded capability.  When I was a kid in the '80s, the sonic screwdriver was a screwdriver/spanner. It used sound waves to turn things. Then along came new who and the sonic is a computer/probe/magic wand. I didn't like that at first but I got used to it. This new screen ability it has is just integrating the idea of Capaldi's sonic sunnies into the new who sonic screwputer
Haven't seen the episode but Donna spilling coffee sounds funny.  Maybe the Tardis put a coffeemaker there on purpose so Donna would spill it?
i liked how they handled rose in the first half of the episode but it felt like it kind of fell apart in the latter half
What garbage
Oh Hell no, my score is the complete opposite. I'm so done with the doctor series's as of late. It's totally gone Disney Woke. Matt Smith completed The Doctors story and it ended there for me. Capaldi would have been my final doctor if it wasn't for weak writing he had to deal with
I love that this is a tardis that I could actually get around in.  There are NO stairs just long windy ramps!  I could travel in my wheelchair all around it.   It is awesome and wonder if it hints at a future trip with a particular new unit science advisor.  :)
As excited as I was for the 60th special, it didn’t really _feel_ like a special to me. It was very mid. The first half was fun and great but the second half after the meep twist was just didn’t feel right. Either it was going too fast for me or it hand waved too many things for me to really understand it. Whatever it was, I feel more or less disappointed by the first special. I think it deserved a bit more downs than it was given in this video.
I agree with 25 of those ups and the downs
A rose and river spin off would be hilarious
❤ wilf
The wokeness was extremely heavy-handed in the episode.  There were two moments that were particularly leaden.  In one there is a mention that the Doctor being male again is basically disappointing.  So its important to affirm some characters being who they are, unless that is a biological male presenting as male, in which case it is OK to be disappointed.  The second was a line towards then end where the it is expressly stated that the poor Doctor could never see the solution to a problem because he is a "male time lord presenting as male".  WTF?  Those two were really jarring, but overall there was just too much of that stuff in the show to a point where I think a giant chunk of the potential audience is going to see the entire project as preachy propaganda masquerading as entertainment and by utterly turned off by it.  To be clear, NONE of the casting or identity choices in the script are the problem.  They way they bash you over the head with them is the problem.  It is a shame.  I was hoping they would use the massive goodwill they secured by bringing back Catherine Tate and David Tennant as a way to bring back in a lot of fans who left by making something for literally everyone.  Instead they have confirmed for me that the producers of this show do not really care if I watch it, so I wont..
As a trans person the trans rep felt forced and the reveal about the whole binary/non-binary thing and Donna and rose just magicing the meta crisis away was dumb. It felt like rose was originally intended to be just donnas daughter named rose and russel had to right in a way for Donna to remember the doctor, but I liked most of the episode. I was really glad meep was the villain though
I think the episode was otherwise amazing and so awesome but the wokeism was really unnecessary...🤔
I'm burnt out on identity politics.  I enjoyed this much less than I wanted to because it was plopped on so un Captain Jack like.
wasnt able to finish this episode, what a disgrace, im done with doctor who
The moments of misandry and gender diversity comments made me groan. I was hopeful that we were over that garbage in Dr Who.
@Elittlechild Great as Always! and say Thank you to Danny for the behind-the-scenes work!
Moopsey is Who-ish......or is Meep Trek-ish?????
"Letting go" of the metacrisis was, to quote Deadpool, "lazy writing". Also the the whole binary/non-binary thingy was token gesturism to the max.
tbh I feel like this special would be great if we could just get a few more minutes with Rose because I feel like she didn't get enough development, a lot of exposition to but I feel that's just them making sure newcomers or returners aren't completely lost
I think you may have missed a few "downs": the repeated 'memberberries, the misgendering dress down of the title character, the exclusively white pice/military possessed by evil, an actual word for word "we know everything you know nothing" speech, and a blatant statement of superiority to one's "inferior" who just happens to be the shows most popular version of the title character. Again. I'd have thought that in a 60 yr anniversary special, there might be some reference to (oh, I dunno) the rest of the show's 60 yr history. But nope, had to be all identity activism all the way.
Having a trans woman character was very exicting Rose was amazing.
I have to disagree with you. There are NO DOwNS in this episode, and this isn't even my favorite doctor or companion! Great video!!! Although you made valid points they just weren't downs for me.
All the previous Doctor experiences and the weight of the Time War lifted with Tennant it's just brilliant. Seeing them together again made me feel  like I traveled back in time. Loved it
I just spoiled the episode for myself-don’t know why I did that.  Have to cancel a couple other streaming services before getting Disney.
This episode was "meh" at best.
Observation: When Donna tells the Doctor that they can visit the family and they're not meeting her gaze, did anyone else think of the Ponds? Or Rose Tyler's family? Or Martha Jones & her family? The Doctor has to be a bit hesitant about growing attached to people living in a single time and place. They've taken this risk before, but it must remind them of human mortality and the inevitability of loss. (Even their relationships with traveling companions have had heartbreaking ends recently -- Clara dissolving into time, the Doctor's last night with River, Bill Potts' assimilation & death, their time with Yaz right before this regeneration, etc.)
I always think of the sonic as a forward tablet.  Imagine tech we have plus a few years. So the screens is tolerable but the shield's. Naaa
I would say that Donna and her mom's relationship has gotten better.  Yes, they still have that snipping at each other.  but it seems less bitter, less hurtful.  It seemed like Donna didn't like the way her mom acted toward her before.  Now it seems they're both more comfortable with who each of them is.  The banter seems more friendly and affectionate between the two, like they can snap at each other, but they both now there's no malice and it's done to joke and show affection.
22:48 The worlds gone braindead
Looking forward to the new Who Culture eps. I understand your trepidation about the new window thing of the Screwdriver, but after a second watch I decided I like it. Anyway, toodles!
Can you stop making connections to marvel like this a good thing? I dont want Doctor Who to be marvel. Marvel is cancer.
The 3 ‘what’ sequence is a callback to one of his catchphrases
I really didnt like this review....  longwinded ranting is not clever. i did love the episode.   Comparison is the thief of Joy.(don't you know)
So agree on the recap, simply after the Intro scene would have made this acceptable, now it just felt like a "Disneyfication" . Bingham carachter, she was great you could instantly like her the moment she appears, such strength and smarts and relaxed attitude : "Getting a bonus just because i met you in person" :-)
omg I grew with donna too and all your comments were exactly my reaction!!!!
As an oldster whose first Doctor was Tom Baker, I'm pleased that they brought back the diamond-shaped logo from the 1970s. Maybe it's just because I grew up with it, but no other configuration of the logo has ever felt so right. And, IMHO, David Tennant remains the all-around best actor to play the doctor to date. Donna Noble is one of b the best companions of all time. So this new era is off to a wonderful start!
A major up for me was hearing Murray Gold's score again. I've missed his work on the soundtrack!
Why do Brits say "Davis" instead of "Davies"?
Nothing the screwdriver did was actually new! Twelve had used it for holograms and forcefields too, this just seems like it was made a bit more powerful and has different controls.
I give it a middle grade. I am happy to have Tennant and Tate back together, but I did not feel the script was good enough. It felt rushed and too much was packed into it. I just wanted a good, good story. reminiscent of "blink" or "silence in the Library," instead we got "Meep", one of the most marginal and forgettable villains of the series. Seriously, it was E.T. with ears, fur, and a bad attitude. On the positive side, I do like the opening credit graphics including the skidding action under the TARDIS. I agree with Ellie, they went too far with the sonic screwdriver. It has always been a McGuffin for whenever they needed it to be, but I would rather see the Dr invent a new use for it in the middle of a crisis by adapting it to other technologies rather than just showing up with it already modified with no background information for it. In the end, I just feel like this was a huge vehicle for fan service and very little of the originality and daring that made me enjoy Davies turn at the helm back in the aughts. I am hoping that now that the fan service has been done and everyone made to feel included, they get back to the daring and creativity that I admire so much about the first reboot run.
This was the biggest piece of trash ever. A total dumpster fire, and I can't believe anyone would think this is good. I watched this show to get away from the world. Not to have wokeness shoveled down my throat. Another masterpiece ruined by wokeness. 🤢 🤮 🤢 🤮 🤮
R.I.P. Doctor Who.  You will be missed.
I have to agree that I did not like the Sonic screwdriver creating a floating screen, but if that was all, I could accept it.   However, the Shields was way too far as well as it somehow intercepting a Transmat beam (or whatever he said) to bring the two aliens to the garage.  That was just too much of a way to quickly move the plot along.     I also agree that the we will just let it go thing to avoid the deadly energy was to weak.  Also they mention they can do it being from a female viewpoint?  Huh!.
Leave your phone at home! Or turn it off!
I fell asleep watching the woke garbage.
Too bad they showed the spilled tea ahead of time!
My favorite TARDIS interior ever!
I didnt watch the Chibnal/whiticker Doctor... Its time i love something else. Good to see Tennant, but im going with the new star wars shows instead. Has better storyline
I would have added the down for the sonic shield… I love the practical, but still would have downed the wrath warriors looking like the federation from Rick & Morty…. Please do a live cameo of Rick & Morty in Doctor Who
Casual misandry aside (which Doctor Who has been guilty of for a while), the Nobles letting go of the metacrisis energy felt a bit like Melody Pond (she wasn't quite River Song yet) giving up all her regenerations to heal the Doctor of the "incurable" poison in "Let's Kill Hitler," a seemingly simple solution to an impossible power problem.
I’m excited. I was watching the Doctors Wife and the TARDIS says she has 30 desk tops saved and implies that she can save things that haven’t happened yet. Does this mean there will be up 30 Doctors? Thoughts?
No mention of the stuffed animals Rose was making and where she got the ideas?
I’ve been watching this show for 40 years and all I have to say is that I found it to be “not good”. It’s difficult for me to speak about this show badly, but I thought everything about it was “not good “.
I think the sonic computer screen would have worked better if you could see it being projected onto a surface from the sonic. They should have got a down for continuity as they had them walking through the same set for both attics with the boxes in the same place with the same contents.
9:18 Oh yeah. I also wondered how long it's been for him and where did he get that sonic from anyway? I can't remember if the last sonic was damaged or lost or anything in The power of the Doctor but did the Tardis just materialize another one for him? Also a pet peeve I have about 12's new sonic just materializing out of thin air. Like, suddenly the TARDIS can just do that now?
This is the first Doctor Who episode I've actually liked in a long time. It seems to be mostly returning to what it should have remained all along. The story was good, and had a good resolution. I like the new Tardis design with the combination of a more contemporary appearance while retaining some of the steam punk aesthetic.  One major down was the incredibly sexist line near the end. That assertion wasn't aiming for equality, it was an assertion of superiority. As others have pointed out, this is not acceptable, no matter at whom it is directed or by whom. Period.
I'm gonna go on a rant so this might be a long comment.  I know this is meant to be a one-off thing and it's just a way to bring back the nostalgia for the 60th anniversary but this episode was way to fast paced for me. Nearly every doctors first episode takes the same route; Tardis malfunction, doctor struggling to keep up with the overflow of energy from their regeneration, sonic stops working, finds companion, finds villain, fights the villain but chaotically because the doctor can't control their body, doctor takes control, big insane ending to the fight, find the Tardis in it's new condition, finds a new outfit and new sonic screwdriver, asks companion to journey with them.   I know this is meant to be only three episodes so there's no need to do the whole set-up for new season(s) like it usually is but I would've liked some sort of conflict such as the sonic and Tardis being unavailable. It just felt kind of rushed and I missed that sort of chaotic side to it. I understand that the doctor has been through the ropes before and is experienced but it just felt like we missed an episode and just jumped straight into the next one with no explanation. With the sonic screwdriver as well it didn't made sense that the doctor just had this new and improved item that could make interactive holograms. (I didn't watch the previous doctor so sorry if her doctor had that element to the sonic). There wasn't any explanation as to why it could do that and it was a big jump from what the sonic could previously do. I feel like it would've made more sense for the sonic to be a projector instead of the doctor just tracing out an area.  This is also my personal opinion and I know a lot of people loved it, but I didn't really like the new interior to the Tardis. I think it was just a small call-back to the war doctor's and the original doctor's Tardis' but it felt a bit bland and reminded me too much of a sterile environment, sort of like the sets from the episode 'the girl who waited'. It lacked the magic and the comforting feel like the other doctors had. There was no colour too it except for the LED circles. To me my favourite reveal was the 11th Doctor's first Tardis. It had a variety of colours, the buildup to the reveal made it extra special. We couldn't even see sneak-peeks of the Tardis like what happened in this episode which made the suspense even greater. It was also bumped up by the soundtrack and the emotions of the characters. This new reveal just felt sort of unfinished. Where was the colour? Where was the magic that I felt with the other Tardis reveals? Hopefully they add some more colour to the Tardis in the other episodes.  Other than that I loved the episode. The messaging was a bit on the nose and felt a little like they were trying to tick off some boxes (e.g. Asking for the alien's pronouns, "..something a male-presenting time-lord would never understand" but I loved how they handled it sometimes. The ending was a bit forced, the "let it go" bit was a bit of a plot hole, why didn't Donna just think of that in season 4, why would they know more that the Doctor who has hundreds of years more experience than them? It didn't make much sense and when I was watching it I was just like "...what?" How did they do that? Why didn't they do that before? It was very out-of-character for Donna but oh well.   Love to see what they do with the next two episodes and can't wait to see Wilf one last time.
I disagree with relying on social media to show the backstory for Donna. I audibly laughed - you would guarantee that only whovians would see it thanks to the algorithm. You needed it there in the hope that new viewer would see it.
That's not Meep. That's Mitch, but some people call him Big Mitch. Looks like he doesn't need a translation mustache anymore, though. Hey. Where's Perry?
My only down is not saving the new Tardis for the next episode. I still loved it but it would make more sense if it had done that after the fire Donna caused. Instead of just changing with no damage. Other than that the episode was amazing and I can’t wait for the next two.
I loved the episode and I commented to my love how I thought they did a good job with Transgender awareness and understanding. Now I’ve only just learned of Rose Noble’s Trans identity. I don’t know how I missed it but I hope others enjoy the show as I did and perhaps a little more love and understanding will grow from just enjoying the show. Fantastic!
I am going mad. There were at least 3 times the tv glitched watching this. I assume it’s hidden stuff for next 2 eps - bad wolf/torchwood/mrsaxon/rose/doctorsmum/(what i think mr copper was gonna be) style. Did anyone else see this?
Just me, but besides  way too easy the "just let it go" thing, it was quite unnecesary commentary on the idea that men are bluntly incapable of letting go. I mean, whats the point of such a statement? anyway, not a big down, but a really dissapointing one.
A down fir me was Donna's husband...he was just a puppet...
For the most part, I agree with the video, well really, it's one "up" and a "meh" I probably disagree with. It's near the end for both of the points.   I think the Non-binary and Binary was too much because we didn't really spend that much time with Rose, I think it would have been much better if there was an extra 5-10 min scene of getting to know Rose better,   And the second thing was the feminists comment at the end about how the Doctor being a man would neve realize how to "solve" it. That seemed a bit heavy handed, I feel like it would have been better if Donna and Rose just sort let the Doctor figure it out, maybe make him think back, so it feels like a man finally understand a woman rather than a woman dismissing a man, if that makes sense.
i personally give a pass to the sonic shield because the doctor is getting shot at wayyyyyy too much for no one to get hit. the shield just gives a physical reason for them not getting shot. Better than having storm trooper aim
hey ellie as to ur comment about the doctor visiting donna it can feel live river song again, where they keep a journel as to where theyre upto thats just my thought, also is doesnt just need to be davids doctor but any old doctor popping in and out
My take away, there’s a new alien out there that might just give Jaja binks a run for his money in the unpopularity stakes 😊
I had to down the big battle scene, was cool spectacle but it seemed like a pointless use of budget.
The only reason people think this episode was great is because the Chibnal era was so bad.  This episode was very mid.  The hand-waving of the metacrisis at the end was such a let down.
This was such woke garbage, I'm done with DW. The pronoun usage lecture. The man everyone calls a woman. The man mocking the 14th claiming women can let things go.  No.  Since 2006 I've been a fan. I put up with the woke crap with Jodie. This wasn't a special. This was the end of DW.
It's nice to see positivity around it rather than the political rantings that have been going on! I would say that the 'If you were still a woman' bit was a little... iffy.
The sonic always adapted on what is needed. The original sonics sucks compared with the 9th doctor one... every regeneration has become even more powerful and now have that... it's right for me
Sonic Screwdriver is way too powerful in this episode. I know it's essentially a magic wand but the screen and force field was TOO much! It's abilities should be small and not too obviously powerful. The idea to me is that even a Screwdriver from an advanced civilization can do amazing things to us but it needs to make a little sense.
yes ellie i did wanna press all the space ship buttons
Up: David Tennant is back Down: Donna is back I just don't understand why folks like Donna so much, worst companion IMO. She's just so dull and always complaining.
Ups, downs, and pronouns
Ok I understand that the sonic is a super computer and can make a screen do calculations yata yata but... the shield?? Really???? Omg...
Best Doctor Best Tardis interior Best Companion.  3 for 3 is good for me.
if Ellie is not avalible next week, who is doing ups and downs?
Between the companion group that happened at the end of Jodie’s run and Donna being perfect evidence of why you should check-in more often, I think it’d be great if we could get reoccuring friends in different timezones. Kinda like the vibe of 10 traveling with Donna but then Martha was there for a couple episodes.
I wonder if people would be more receptive to the new sonic abilities if it was just the screen and not the bullet proof and moveable forcefield that they’ll absolutely not use in important moments later. Cuz I can see the screen being beneficial for explaining some more complex topics when they want to avoid the Doctor having too long of a science monologue
19:00 100%. I usually watch with subtitles on but they seemingly weren't available.
ellie you wanted to see wilf we know we will see him because we saw shots of him on set just before he passed away, at the earliest we will see him in the next episode, or we will see him in part 3
And the up for the cup of tea  refrence to the 10th doctors 1st episode!
"I know the sonic can do anything" me: except deadlocks and wood
Did you miss the wait til i tell the big boss from meep.
25:35 I think I have an interpitation of it. Donna absorbed a full regeneration's worth of regeneration energy. When it passed down to Rose, it got split in half, meaning both had half of a full regeneration. I think the whole "Unlike a male presenting doctor, we can just let it go" moment was their way of saying "you didnt want to go, you wanted to stay the doctor for as long as possible. But us? We can move on if need be" and they both started a regeneration. Because there wasnt enough Arton energy in either of them, the regeneration "failed" and they were able to "let go" of the metacrisis. Thats my interpritation of it at least.
I've loved Doctor Who ever since it came back in 2005 (I was 8), but between the unashamed bashing of anyone "male presenting" and the giving someone superpowers for not fitting into the gender they were assigned at birth, it's hard not to begin to feel like the underlying message is simply "cis-gendered men kind of suck". It's hard to enjoy what was a genuinely good episode under the surface when the voice of the narrator actively doesn't like you! What's so difficult about being inclusive without beating down on half your audience? The way they handled introducing rose and her struggles as a trans/non-binary woman was excellent. Why not leave it at that?
i'm not afraid to say as a middle aged American man, I sad cried when Donna died then happy cried when she was alive and at the nostalgia.
Hail to the Meep!😄 OMG! So cute! :3
I'm glad that Russell is back!
i got a doctor who ad in the middle of this video
Ups: Great banter between Doctor and Donna. Beautifully written family relationships back in the show to give it emotional depth - what RTD does best. So good to see this again. Fun story with the Meep. Great production and music.  Downs Identity politics - a subject which should be handled with great care and nuance - clumsily being used as a substitute for good writing. Ending was terrible, made no sense, and totally cheapened Donna's previous departure.  I'll give it a 6/10. Infinitely better than the previous seasons but I'm reminded of all the lazy writing and terrible pacing/rushed endings that made me glad when RTD handed over to Moffat. Happy to have RTD back as showrunner but there were some really silly misteps here that I hope he brings somebody else on as a lead writer, or at least gets another layer of QC to go over his stories.
The episode gets a up from me, but a down for the sexism
Another up was Sylvia punching the doctor followed by the quick snip of Tennant saying here we go again!
Another couple of ups for me.. when Sylvia punches the Doctor when he gets in the house and he says "oh, here we go again".. that was funny! And when he gets knocked out just as he's about to start monologuing. Final one, when Donna gets awoken, and rather than immediately dealing with the situation at hand, starts to go on about giving the money away... also make me laugh, Donna is back baby!
I heard the TARDIS cloister bell, multiple times. I am concerned about the Toymaker’s game they are going to be stuck in, nextweek.
I remember reading a review of the original Who, it said "Some shows thrive in spite of looking cheap and cheesy, Dr Who thrives BECAUSE of looking cheap and cheesy.
I really appreciate how positive and thorough this review was! Unfortunately I had more downs than ups. I like how inclusive they're trying to be. But there were a few moments that felt very forced and cringey.   I thought Sylvia and Donna's first convo covered the pronouns topic in a natural and empathetic way, but they kept riffing on it to the point where it really brought me out of the story. (Seriously, an argument about Meep's prounouns?? Made it feel like a joke in bad taste.)   The weird, anti-climatic resolution of the Metacrisis issue. Donna couldn't have 'let it go' before this? Any male-presenting person wouldn't know how to 'let it go'? I don't think anyone was happy about that line, no idea who the writers were trying to appeal to. Cis women, I guess? Very odd choice. But all of the Doctor/Donna interactions made up for it. Moderating my expectations for the next few episodes.
You knew she wasn’t going to die though?
A big down for me was when the ship was disabled, all the damage it had done magically repaired itself.  Would have been better if the scars in the ground were left there.  I agree about the DoctorDonna resolution being too easy too... if all she had to do was Frozen it (let it go!!), then why on earth didn't she do that in the first place?  Oh, and on that topic - it looks like the Doctor and Donna are now telepathically linked - how did that happen? When she was Awoken, she somehow knew everything that had happened to the Doctor in the last 15(?) years....
It's so dificult to express myseif in english... I was 35 years old when I first saw doctor who, in Paris. Was the best thing I have seen ever. YEsterday, I was really really really hapy! But I have some questions: I didn't undestand the "let go" of rose and donna, the solve of the metacrisis. "If you are a woman you will undestand ...  let it go" ?! WAHT IS THAT? I'm a  woman, and  I  didn't undestood. And the metacrisis just go away?!
Ellie jokes that there could be a drinking game for all the “What?!” and “Oi!” but I do actually have a social media friend (she’s probably reading this) who drank along. She was a little drunk and very happy by the end of the episode! 😂 Many up points from me for the Tardis. The console room is so much bigger on the inside. Ding! It’s futuristic, minimalist chic. Ding! The console has 60s vintage chic to remind us of the original. Ding! There’s no steps so it’s all wheelchair accessible. Big Ding! DT’s zoomies! DING DING DING! The pure joy of that nerd gets extra up points. Loved all of the episode!
As long as the sonic screwdriver doesn’t work on wood, it’s not an out of bounds improvement.
My first doctor was John Pertwee with me at the corner but not behind the sofa, I've heard the sonic screwdriver do remarkable things over 50 years or so without really seeing what it did. I'm pretty sure it put up a shield on occasion, cut a fence and blow up a brick wall  rather than taking away what held it together and gave the doctor information that he saw but we did not that had to be explained.. I'm not going to down seeing what it does. This was very doctor for me and I've seen a lot of it. As for the the Tardis stunning, most particularly for me the return of the round things, whatever they are.
This has to be one of the worst episodes ever. It felt like a mix of an after school special and a Disney Channel Original Movie. I love DT & CT, but damn was this cringe... I think I would rather watch Love and Monsters on repete for a month than watch this episode again.  What the hell is wrong with you people for liking it?!?!  JK. to each their own, glad everyone else enjoyed it.
The “trigger words” he uses are from the monologue she had before she started to malfunction. Don’t was just a memory bump.
Why make a fuss about the transvestite actor, if they want to be treated equal in the world then just show them blending in like everyone else. Why’s there always a fuss about shit like that I’m here for Doctor Who mun
I am not surprised that WhoCulture went right past the whole pronoun thing just to save face and skipped right by the whole emasculating the Dr because he's a man. Just goes to show that you can't criticize anything to do with pronouns in media and that it's ok to be sexist as long as it's towards men.
You downed the Sonic screwdriver however I loved the fact that he was able to use it as a shield. I didn't like using it as a computer screen though. So I half agree with you on this one.  I loved the inside of the new TARDIS. I love that the circles can change colors. I hope we get to see this TARDIS for a while.
I think those things with the sonic creating things will just be one of those things were it is a one off thing the doctor does once or twice and never again like with the 3rd doctor and his summoning of things out of nowhere
Sylvia strikes me a stereotypical narcissistic mother. The cruel putdowns coming from her viewing Donna equally as a reflection on her but also as having potential to grow beyond her and achieve what she can't. But I think she does care for her, keeping her from metacrisising out proves that.
problem on  this TARDIS: there's no place to sit down.
DOWN, NO MATT SMITH CAMEO
I do like the new Sonic features but I do have a a few suggestions for if they want to retcon the Sonic being able to do all that stuff now: they should say that was the Laser Spanner.  Either say he built a 2-in-1 but it broke because of some mumbo jumbo about "she cannae handle it" or something, or that the "sonic" he carried was actually his back-up Laser Spanner which he at some point retrieved from Emily Pankhurst, and when he gets the Sonic back he should delightedly chuck away the Laser Spanner as if it's worthless. When anybody asks, he should say "it's objectively worse, but it's more fun."
Another up is the fact the door blocking off Donna and The Doctor is a call back to when Wilf knocks 4 times to kill the Doctor, especially when The Doctor loses his cool for a minute. Only this time its the Doctor-Donna that "dies".
Sadly the actor who played Wilfred is no longer with us
My theory for the sonic. He's been around with one before and took time to improve it. It will also be destroyed somehow and 15 will get a basic one or not use one at all. Also. Stop comparing it to Marvel!
The metacrisis solving was far too easy and the gender politics felt really shoehorned in for this section. For most of the episode I felt that this was approached really well and organically, but this bit just seemed very meh. Like we accept that the doctor is a gender fluid alien but then it takes this very weird “you’re a man so you don’t understand” vibe and they just resolve a massive deadly issue with the power of womanhood. Like I said, I felt RTD did really well at making the conversation organic for most of the episode like he did with conversations about sexuality in his first run, particularly with Captain Jack and explaining that in his time most people had evolved beyond the full stigma around sexuality and Captain Jack was attracted to everyone. My only real criticism and some people might disagree but that was it
What a great idea - bring back the greats. Make it feel nostalgic and from a time in the viewers life they wish they could go back to.   Then woah - you're brought back into reality with a slap in the woke face of a boy in a dress. 😢
Unfortunately the Super Sonic Screwdriver (patent pending) is a big down for me. The fact it could make a holographic display, make energy shields and who knows waht else, just raises more questions than amswers. If it could do that before, then there is a lot of times the Doctor could of used it to save the day previously.  The creators of Doctor Who were worried the Sonic Screwdriver would become too much like a magical wand to get out of plot points. By upgrading the Sonic Screwdriver to the point of becoming a wand just seems like a cheap plot device to get out of plot points or to move the story along.
Everything was lovely. I have no downs. I stayed away from any news about the episode before because a lot of misinformation was going around before the 60th. I've watched the episode two times so far and I'm likely to watch it many more times before the next episode. Whew! It was great!
The complaints about the new abilities of the Sonic amuse me because I remember seeing 9 cut through barbed wire with it and I thought "wtf is this shit?" lol
Interesting to hear your thoughts on the sonic. It feels like the doctor has finally got round to upgrades that the sonic needs but they’ve been putting off for a long time. Personally, I think these upgrades with the sonic reaching heights and capabilities we’ve never seen before will be wonderful… as long as it still doesn’t do wood. Brilliant
for me the only real down was the solution of the meta crisis partly for the given reason of it just being a bit "well lets just forget about that inconvenience" but mostly because their reasoning was "we're girls"  it just left a bad taste in my mouth that after this whole speech of how the doctor is male female and neither it culminated in effectively a twitter post "guys are shit, deal with it" to me there were just better ways to deal with the whole issue without resorting to low blows, and i know they could have done better because they did earlier in the episode with sylvia wanting to be supportive of her grand daughter.
100% agree on the "we will get over it" in regards to the meta crisis, the binary stuff was handled well up to that point, but just having the meta crisis magic away because they are two wonderful women was way too easy.
I think the biggest problem with releasing that opening sequence as a trailer is its main purpose. It serves as an introduction to new viewers who may have never seen the show before, and making it be separate from the actual show would mean that people who have never seen the show, and likely don't follow the show on social media would likely never see it. therefore missing your target audience.
I’ve watched doctor who since I was a kid, yesterday (day of release for this episode) was my birthday and I’m not joking this piece of garbage ruined my entire birthday😂 don’t know how anybody could have enjoyed this cringe piece of preachy woke bullshit it physically pained me, such a waste of potential RIP Doctor Who. Once you go woke you go broke.
I hate the new TARDIS Design. It is cold and sterile and just looks like something a Dalek would build. And the Coffee Machine was just a lazy plot tool. Overall I liked the episode, but the acting of Yasmin Finney was... well... not very good, to put it mildly. The rest of the cast was great.
I loved that the Wrarth were the "baddies-but-not-really" rubber costumes and the Meep was the "cute-but-creepy" CGI monster. Sylvia really stepping up for her family in ways I don't think any of us could have expected from her previous appearances. Donna remembering and then just GOING. OFF. about giving away her lottery winnings.
I'm kind of OK with the view screen capabilities of the sonic screwdriver. Not so OK with the forcefield creation. That's too much of a deus ex machine
Loved the episode, even more so on re-watch. It just proves David Tennant was born to play the Doctor, he just slots back in so seamlessly. I'm glad they made Sylvia much kinder and more gentle, they could have easily reverted her to the bossy, quite nasty character she was before, without her grandad around to defend Donna. That whole scene in the house with the Meep was just sublime, only something RTD could write convincingly in a domestic setting. Loved Murray Gold's music - so great he's back and the reference to Wilf was lovely, the Doctor assuming he's died - though Sylvia calling him an idiot was a little uncalled for because it's perfectly reasonable for him to assume that, though it's evidently a play on the Doctor getting the wrong end of the stick, like when he thought Donna wanted to leave in the Sontaran two-parter as opposed to just popping home. When we do see Wilf, which it's building up to for the final special, it's going to devastate me I know it and I'm not emotionally prepared for it, one bit 😭 Loved it all, so great to have everyone back and RTD writing again, theme and titles are glorious, great to have the middle 8 back though the opening titles could be a bit longer. I fear in about a decade's time, they'll only be about 10 seconds long.
So...wait, it IS pronounced "Davis"??
BTW, the circle things are back!!! Didn't the 11th Dr say he wish he could bring those back? He loved those circle things, doesn't remember where he put them? 😂😂 It reminds me of William Hartnell's TARDIS, with a modern twist. 😍
Absolutely loved your giddy hyped up energy! Can't wait to watch this shortly after every new episode, it's going to be fantastic and brilliant
"Down" From Australian viewers that now have to get Disney plus. This we do not forgive... or forget!
What an amazing episode, I can't wait to see where things go, but I'm also not sure I'm ready to say goodbye to Tennant again, once this is all over.
I liked the new sonic ability, it also reminds of this one comic i made where the characters had these Sci-wands capaple of drawing shields and such.
I respect you Ellie and your honest opinions.  The NEW sonic screwdriver has new abilities and is greatly (visually) more complex so this is very much in tune with the evolution of the Doctors' tech throughout the regenerations. Let go of the icky vibe, this is something the Doctor has done since the first sonic screwdiver, it's part of the tech advancements/upgrades just like the TARDIS changes.   The most basic downgrade of sonic screwdriver was when Jody's Doctor had to make a kind of organic model without herself without any assistance for the TARDIS so it was somewhat lacking comparitively.   Relax Sweetie, it's a sensible upgrade albeit similar to Marvel-style tech (but tech is not exclusive to each universe) and Marvel has gone into the timey-whimy multiverse too as did Star Trek Next Generation (1990s) and they weren't ripping off Doctor Who, just good concepts.  💙
It would have been a great nod to the first Doctor if 14th had said something like, "there was a time I never let anyone get food or drink near the console, and now it's got its own coffee machine!" in a subtle foretaste of what was to come (oh, and, 13th's custard creams aside)
I know how you feel about Dr Who being back.😁 I did watch the 9th Dr but I became connected with the 10th. David's time as the 10th Dr was epic. And it was brilliant how he slipped back into character without missing a beat. I am giddy that the Dr and Donna are together again.
The sad thing is, I think we'll see Wilf but it won't be till the end of the 3rd episode.  Feels like a real right before regeneration scene.
i didnt mind the sonic screen, but the bulletproof walls were too much in my opinion
The word list gave me a déjà vu of the movie Artificial Intelligence (2001)
I loved the episode, but the "let it go" part was very disney 🤦‍♂️
Wow - 27 ups and only 4 downs. Haven't seen that ratio for many years. The quality truly has returned!
I'm 50/50 about thid episode. I liked the performances and characters. The sonic and tardis changed were interesting.  I felt the reintroduction of Donna was a bit jarring, and I wish it was handled more organically, like with Sarah Jane. I liked Rose, but she felt under utilized. I felt they focused too much on her gender and treated it as if that's what made her special, instead of being a part of her. I would have rather they focused more on her intelligence, imagination, generocity, creativity, etc. Certain oarts felt rushed, especially towards the end.   Overall I enjoyed it, but hope the next few episodes might be a bit more streamlined.
One of the BEST episodes EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! And thanks for your exuberantly joyous segment!!!!!!!!!
"they went in the tardis to 'do it'" oh my
episode was fine, the two totally forced and pointless woke moments could be cut out and nothing would be missing.
Another ‘DOWN’ for me was the roads fixing themselves. All The Meep’s damage being undone just lowered the stakes a little. I’d rather have seen the roads crack, but not as far into London, maybe just parts of North London so they could be realistically fixed within the canon but all of London isn’t broken.
the doctor finally worked out how to use his sonic screwdriver to basically "assemble a wardrobe" to help them, to quote River Song.   .....(Okay, the walls of what could have been made into a wardrobe anyhow)
It was great except for the feminist bullshit ruining characters and special moments. It does make sense that the meep loved going with the pronoun game. It's delusional and he would love to participate in crazy.
As an American, I am always fascinated just sitting and listening to a Received British accent. Also, the enthusiasm for the Doctor Who episode is fun. Thank you again Ellie.
I see the stairs in the TARDIS have been replaced with ramps. I think I know who is visiting in the next two episodes. Hint: Not the Daleks.
Sylvia is easily the only good part
Cyber Dog Easter egg. Jus saying
My theory on why the sonic screwdriver does new things: Pretty sure we've seen the sonic screwdriver be pointed at devices or plugged into them to activate a projection screen or force field. And this is just the sonic screwdriver being able to produce its own its own. In the 50th the war doctor said the sonic screwdriver was all the same tech  doing the same calculation for ages. Maybe it did that for  other tech and that's why it can do that now. It has scanned and then one day was able to do it.
This truly was an episode of Doctor Who that people waited for, I loved the bit where it ended.
An overly infectious video.  The enthusiasm is simply great — even more so than all the shows I’ve watched here for such a long time.  Keep up the great work, and I must say, I agree completely with your ups and downs — and can’t wait until next Saturday!  Yeah Baby, Dr Who is back!  …I’m headed now to watch the episode again on Disney+ here in the USA.
I hated the streets braking apart, and then it was reversed, and all fixed like why did they have it brake it they got fixed
So moving once it was playable on Disney+   Disney+ is the worst streaming service in the world when it comes to freezing up after the Disney click before the episode plays.  Takes on average 2 hours to get to work after you continuously delete your browsing data and rebooting around 50 times!
In one story in the Chronicles of Narnia, two of the children crawl across the attic space above their respective apartments.
Yeah it was alright but the davies era is gonna be like woke and preachy than no thanks. The whole woman is better than man and pronouns sorry am out not for me. Idc if you don't like my take at all this is my personal preference.
Putting my issues aside with Rose, the episode was brilliant. David and Catherine have such a terrific pair you can’t look away from the screen
So many good things in this episode! The whole non binary thing just felt like typical beeb shoe horning of diversity. Rose was an L - overall a great actor but it felt unnatural
The show reflected our love for Donna and if they hurt her I'm expecting a Whovian revolt.  With pitchforks.
i had a cry while watching it was great
Two sidelights: 1: The Meep's little gun is clearly modelled upon the one that Miriam Margolyes carries in her purse.  2: The episode was well edited, and when is the last time we've been able to say that?
> "I would say I have no words but I've just spoken to you for a very long time..." And that's why we luv ya!
A pronoun joke with Meep ? Come on you can do better than that
I would like to call attention to something in the space-ship scene. Tenant DW & Wilf are separated by glass and one of them has to die. The last time DW chose to die himself, after delivering the emotionally charged "so much more" speech. This time He (believes) they are consigning Donna to death. Such a tragic parallel.
Loved the episode and 99% of everything in it. The only down for me was the leap in Sonic. I loved what it can now do but with no explanation or throw away remark felt like a massive contrivance. I’d like to think there was a comment as to what the sonic can now do that will either come up in the next episode or was just cut in the edit. Either way love the Star Beast and can’t wait for Wild Blue Yonder:)
One thing I noticed is that when the guards get their eyes swirly you can see the toymaker running in the background
I had no issue with the new use of the sonic It's one of the benefits of having better technology and effects now and ultimately it's future tech so why not be able to do those things. Other than JNT's era I think if they'd had the technology I'm sure they would have done more with it previously. Bigger isn't always better but at least now they can do some of the stuff they could do in the comics or other media.
Can we just not going to talk about the fact that the regeneration energy seems to cluster around Shirley? I’ve watched several recaps and no one mentioned it.
I get the message behind the "let it go" was good. But as a story point it felt weak. I thought sharing the meta-criss was a great concept, but that The Meep was going to learn who DW was and try to steal the Meta-Crisis for themselves... which obviously would have resulted in its death instead of the Noble's.  It even felt like they were building up to that with the two-hearts revelation, and The Meep's race sucking in the light from the star, and the use of the possession lights on the Soldiers. That way the MC would still have been a serious threat and not something just tossed aside like trash.
Am i the ONLY person who noticed Shirley CROSS HER LEGS while sitting in a WHEELCHAIR?!?!?!?!?!  Why is nobody talking about this? I can't be the only person who saw that...???
Maybe he has a perception filter around him from the sonic so he goes unnoticed?
You've also hit the nail on the head. I liked how the show carried on up to Capaldi, but it lost so much up until now. My favourite series was 100% with Donna and they've done a superb job igniting the franchise again. It is what I loved and it brought me right back.
I think the new Sonic stuff is fine as long as there’s a downside to it. Like if you desperately need a barrier or desperately need a computer esc thing for anything it should DRAMATICALLY drain the Sonic’s internal power and potentially make it so the doctor might have to go half a story or something without the Sonic
Rose presented female so strongly I didn’t understand what the boys from school were on about
What is RTD1?
I Love Ellies phenomenal enthusiasm ❤ I am not a fan of the sonics screen and not a big fan of the new look Tardis. It's Way too Hollywood blockbuster, and for me has no place in Doctor Who. It's not quirky, it's huge big screen stuff and detracts. I don't want the wonky wobbly sets of my youth but this is too grand. The sonic can't do wood but can do such new stuff, it'll be doing wood next. I sound like the old farts who whitter on but it's left me feeling a bit left out. I'll see where it goes though, that's the important thing ❤
My responses to these notes: The intro recap felt so... hand-holdy is the best phrase I can think of. A lot of the dialogue felt like the show didn't trust us to understand what was happening without excruciating explanation, and rather than try to run us up on events through natural dialogue, ham-fisted explanations and monologue were the best they could come up with.  Totally agree on the Sonic being too utility. It just felt like it was a shortcut to all the stuff that used to feel fun, especially with old tech. Give the Doctor a smart phone he can use with the sonic if you need a screen.  Sean. Is. A KING. He is unflappable in the face of the weird, and unerringly supportive. Love that man.  For Willf, I almost cried too, but I kind of wish they had let him go. Bernard Cribbins (Rest in Peace) can never be replaced, and giving him a proper goodbye from the Doctor, maybe at the end, would have just felt appropriate. Give him a salute, something.  The passphrase the Doctor uses to "activate" Donna is also reminiscent to the psychic passphrase used in S6E4 The Doctor's Wife (I think it was that one)
I love this so much 🎉❤
> "...most high." Oh I was wondering why they were chanting about the Klingon House Mo'Kai.
Also…. How many issues would have been solved if the doctor remembered he could make force fields any time he wanted. Daleks - no trouble - let me chuck up a force field!
I said a month or two back that they'd use Rose in some way to either build up a new arc or find a way to keep Donna alive. I didn't see anyone else say it for some reason. That was my up! I got a thing right!
It was simply poorly written trash. There is better written fan fiction. Most of the actors played caricatures of the characters. The woke stuff was shoe horned in and stuffed down our throats - no I am no bigot - Torchwood was brilliant and woke and handled it perfectly - the diversity being part of the characters. The wokeness here was the aim and it shows that this was made before Disney had started stepping back from it . The music was terrible. If this continues then like so many other woke series it will fail - look at the Marvels - the worst opening of any Marvel film. Shame.
It could have been really good. But, I'm so sick of the whole woke message being literally "don't you dare insult me, you stupid, worthless, piece of trash, man". In like 10 lines of dialogue they ruined what was otherwise pretty good. Left a bad taste.
“Not being nice” “the situation” you’re really dancing around the words transphobia and trans here and that’s kinda disappointing…
The Hokeyness is part of the charm.
The new TARDIS is badass, it really is amazing
The TARDIS can put up force fields around it, so the sonic should be able to have some of the TARDIS' same technology level, since the TARDIS usually makes the sonic. They didn't have the money in the past to make the force fields visible, but now they do.
The end of Meep and him saying a creature with 2 hearts is rare, have to tell the Boss... I like the nod to the Toymaker
There were a lot of good things in this episode, and they've been covered pretty well here, but "you couldn't think of X because you're male" is the kind of sexist that would have gotten the show cancelled immediately if the gender was any other one.   This episode suffers from a phenomenon that I'm not sure has been named, but it has certainly been observable. When I was young TV and films frequently had a "wise black mentor" figure because people were trying to be inclusive of people with different coloured skin but they were afraid to make them be substantially wrong (certainyl never fail) or  even struggle with anything meaningful beyond the most obvious things like their treatment because of their skin colour. Later everyone in film and TV had to have a wise gay friend who was always kind and knew the right thing to say, and similarly never struggled unless it was because they were being mistreated or minsunderstood because of their orientation. Now we have someone in a wheelchair working for UNIT who is always in the right place, always equipped doesn't fangirl about meeting the doctor (because she's apparently better than that) and also is in no way frustrated by the Doctor not cooperating with UNIT (because she's also better than that) where this has pretty much always been the tension dynamic between the Doctor and UNIT. And we have a trans character who inherited the metacrisis and magically can deus ex machina the plot and their only life struggle is "I don't fit in because I'm different" - we also have the recent children in need special where they took away Davros' wheelchair because we can't possibly depict a differently abled person as a bad guy (as if a person in a wheel chair is somehow immune from corruption)  I absolutely think that representation is important and good, but there's something unrealistic and false about these chracters who don't need to struggle in their life because the writers are afraid to make them real people.   Prior to the revelation that Davros had been given his legs because we can't let wheelies be bad guys I had always understood that Davros had a degenerative condition caused by his attempts to improve the daleks and he loses more of himself as time progresses. I was perfectly happy to see him with legs in his early days, knowing that he had not yet lost them, or his eyes, or whatever else he loses along the way. But the fact that this was an intenional change made with the explicit reasoning tells me that we are going to have a continuing problem of ham-fisted representation attempts where writers are walking on eggshells so as not to offend someone in a minority by showing them as a real person who has real struggles  and misght actually give in to selfishness, make a mistake, or actually do  something genuinely evil.
I love that Wilfred lives on.
One more Down for me.  Too many soldiers.  Too much gun battle.  It's like a Third Doctor adventure all over again.
I had to look it up. it was 15 years ago. when Journey's end came out. there could be whole teens that start who here that weren't born yet or just born coming into doctor who. man I feel old now.
Its not a sonic screwdriver any more, its a wand.
loved the episode, only issue was the end when solving the meta crises issue, as she said felt too easy, also the dialogue just before just felt bad
If it helps in the Comics  the 10th/15ish’  Dr… has been on a few adventures before the ⭐️ beast??? So on the occasions of an upgraded 🪄Sonic🪛 ✨aka Deus Ex Machina lol but maybe 🪵 the kryptonite of the Sonic , for now … Disney and Russel are making magic . So in the words of the 10th/ present “Allons-y “…  Ellie Zo
"Rose" is a guy. Deal with it.
It was a woke mess. Trans, non-binary, gay, ugh.... We do NOT need these things shoved down our throats. It doesn't add anything, except forcing an agenda that is supposed to have you think that 1) everyone is gay, trans or non-binary (they're not, actually rare) and 2) you not only must accept it, you must embrace it! Fuck that. OTHER THAN THAT...not a bad story. Nice new Tardis, good banter, lots of what we actually want to watch.
Gang, you can say transgender, transphobia and non-binary, rather than just the “situation”
I felt the resolution was a bit easy as well. Then I thought (and please forgive my coarseness) maybe it’s like gas. You can pass it and it feels gone, but it builds up again. Maybe the more they use the Time Lord energy, it will build up again. When Donna forgot, she wasn’t using it and it didn’t build up. I don’t think the crisis is totally resolved yet. (Maybe it could be used like 11 used like his regeneration energy?) I didn’t like the whole thing with males not being able to let go. If Time Lords are not strictly male or female, they are both and neither, why does it matter if the Doctor is currently male presenting? Many women hold on to things for decades, lol. It was a little too quick and easy an explanation for me. Really the only issue I had with the whole thing.  I know they filmed some scenes with Wilfred, so I think we will see him at some point. I hope they give him the proper send off that he deserves.
okay, Ellie, CALM down, ultimately it is JUST a TV show episode.
There was no UP for Mad Paddington - what?!!? 😅😅😅
I agree with everything you said.  This was awesome!  As a mom to a non-binary teenager I was so touched by the incorporation of that in the storyline that I can't say it enough.  My only down was that it seemed odd that Donna didn't seem at all emotionally connected to her husband.  huh.  Like he was just there.  Just there.  Anyway I want one of Rose's Ood plushies imediately!
Donna absolutely spilled the coffee on purpose. Also, with the coffee machine. I instantly thought of the food and beverage machine in an early Hartnell story.
I think Ellie needs to star on an episode of Doctor Who, as Jenny, the Doctor's Daughter (that is definitely a story line that needs revisting.... perhaps the Tardis could even  give birth to a baby Tardis (not quite as big on the inside as the Doctor's Tardis as a gift for Jenny.....
I thought it was okay really don't care much for the ending of I'm both genders thought they could have just left the gender stuff out of this and just been like just regular show just trying to take us out of reality for a moment but no got to put that BS in there besides the political BS stuff I thought it was okay like I really didn't care much for the whole you're a man you wanted to understand but that's really stupid if he was a woman before it's all kind of just kind of looted and dumb I'm just going to ignore that part of the EP
The recap was also rather redundant: the Doctor basically gives the same recap IN the episode while talking to the UNIT agent. The recap at the start felt like a last minute thing.
Disagree over the sonic screwdriver, Ellie. To me it’s like finally we see what the doctor what’s been looking at for years  - watch older episodes. The doctor looks at stuff that we can’t see   Re Ruth - shoehorned into the programme and the whole weaponised wheelchair was just a bit rubbish. Hoping they flesh her character out a bit more in upcoming episodes as no real reason to the plot why she was there.  She was the exposition dumpee
every time something big happened or something "new" happened, my friend and i would shout out "Disney Money!!!!" lol
I really liked the opening. I thought it was perfect. Reminder of what came before for those of us who needed the refresher AND great info for those who are new to Doctor Who. We want people to watch and not feel they have to go back and watch earlier episodes. That’s the problem with Marvel now. You feel like you have to have seen everything to know what’s going on in the new “stuff”.
Also I just noticed cyberdog and what looked like two large cyber men at 25:41 Easter egg or something more?
I don’t need anybody lecturing me on how to talk to someone. That’s a definite fail.
Were you jumping and skipping around like a 5-year-old or like 14 discovering the shiny new console room? 😉 I really liked the intro for the newbies, although I don't like how DT's standing there in the beginning. I've never seen Marvel flicks (IKR) so I don't get all the nods to that 'verse, although I love the new titles. The Doctor realizes it's Donna? Bloody pnerfect [sic]!!! It felt like old times. Donna gave away the lottery winnings? So good. I hadn't heard of Yasmin outside of DW so I didn't know she's queer, and I adore that this transwoman has such awesome representation in my fav sci-fi franchise. Donna and Sylvia in the past reminds me of my mom and I, although I never knew if my mom would have fought for me that hard. (Sign.) I loved the Meep, and having never read the original comics I don't have a history with it and the Wrarth warriors. The posh warriors and the evil Meep? It's new to me, and I flipping loved it. I'm not sure how I feel about the Super Sonic Screwdriver. I didn't recognize it from the MU, and part of me loved the use of the Disney money for the effects, but part of me wondered where the hell did it come from. Did RTD want to do it sooner but just didn't have the tech to pull it off? The conversation through the glass felt like a throwback to "Partners in Crime," and I loved it. The Wilf convo had me about to cry until I heard Kate was taking care of her. (Yea Kate, but I hate not having Wilf.) The unlocking of the Doctor Donna reminds me of a set of backup codewords for if you lose your password for something. The nonbinary Doctor Rose? SO LOVED IT!!!! Meep trying to escape? It felt great to me, especially when his escape was thwarted. "Just let it go?" I didn't mind it, but that may be part of realizing I'm trans so late in life. And one more note, the stairs in the shiny new Tardis console room? They're not stairs, they're ramps, and I wonder if it's for Shirley at some point. I have Matt Smith's 2nd Tardis in Second Life, and I can't wait to be able to get the 14th Doctor's Tardis.
I take it back there are quite a few videos by young people so they can't blame the old school real fan's.
I forgot that Donna's daughter was supposed to be non-binary, so while watching Star Beast I was confused by some of the dialogue.
I thought it was weird that the Tardis had a Coffee Machine. That is a down for me. I don't drink coffee so I do not understand what the hullabaloo is about putting coffee or espresso machine in spaceships, vehicles, and others similar to the Tardis. It is awkward seeing it, it does not fit, in my opinion.
3.5 million live. No one is talking about it only the usual talking heads #RIPDRWHO.
The thing about the sonic, to me it makes sense, the sonic can be considered a part of the Doctor, so if the Doctor needs to evolve so does the sonic and the TARDIS
Honestly good episode for the most part. But the clearly forced gender politics and stuff forced in it really ruined it for me and my friends. I just want to enjoy a show I really like without having that kinda stuff shoved down my throat. Seeing David back on the screen with the rest of the returning cast really felt like I was back in the day again, enjoying a new whoisode with my friends. David has not missed a beat, and he puts on the Doctor Fantastically!   But there was 3 or 4 moments that really pulled you out of the show and experience. I have gay friends, I have Friends that are bi or whatever. And even they agree its over done and feels forced... the big ending with donna was a real let down too.   it concerns me with The next doctor in Ncuti Gatwa, hes good at the over the top gay stuff. And good for him, hes a good actor too. But i really hope they tone this stuff back for Dr.who. And i hope its toned back for the other specials. otherwise, i know for a fact my friends and likewise myself are setting the show down again. surely not a show I would want my young kids watching with me.
The Cyberdog shop in the background near the Tardis makes me think of Cybermen with the robots just outside the doors, but could also allude to the Toy Maker as the robots look like toy robots.
Doctor Woke is back.  All the box ticking was there. Millennials must have loved it.
It was a bit rubbish really. Nothing special beyond the fact that the dream team was back...
I'm going yup all through your video. A few things: the screwdriver  doing too much, the fight in the street lasting about 3 minutes too long and the Doctor's reaction to the TARDIS-- that's not the Doctor that's David reacting to the TARDIS as he's a fan.
I'm all for inclusivity but using Roses being Trans non binary as a Mcguffin is a touch on the nose and potentially does a disservice to her character development
Won’t lie when he started drawing forcefields with the sonic I was confused… It’s cool don’t get me wrong but also odd
I thought the whole thing was excellent. I even had a tear when Donna died. But the down for me was the ending with Donna and Rose. I didn’t care for the actress playing Rose. She just didn’t have chemistry with the rest of the cast imo.
Could have been a great episode but completely ruined by the woke agenda. Every five minutes there was some woke reference. It's so sad.
I love this episode so much, thank you for the review
22:43 I didn't consider this until I saw the breakdown, but could Rose be transgender in the story due to the meta-crisis? The Doctor encompasses characteristics of both male and female and beyond.
Ok I have to rant about some things.  First problem: is Rose nonbinary or transgender? Those aren’t the same thing.  Second problem: while I liked the idea of Rose’s transition being linked to the metacrisis, it was not handled well. Binary nonbinary binary? Come on. That wasn’t needed, and it created the confusion on whether Rose is nonbinary or transgender. The explanation of Rose‘s nature would have been enough.  Third problem: did Donna and Rose really need to shit on all male Time Lords, or rather male-presenting Time Lords, just to make their argument of letting the DoctorDonna go? I’m a very hard guy to offend but even that felt a little insulting, that the only reason the Doctor didn’t think of this grand idea to save Donna was because he was male. I can make two simple counterarguments - if the reason the Doctor didn’t think of it was because he was male, why didn’t Donna think about it herself in Journey’s End and why didn’t the Thirteenth Doctor think of it either?  Fourth problem: “letting go”? Really? Come on. In principle, a sweet thought - letting go of power rather than keeping it - but the way it was randomly introduced and handled felt cheap and it made me feel like the years of Donna’s wiped memories were a complete waste. Here’s an idea - why couldn’t they have reintroduced the chameleon arch, an object specifically designed to turn a Time Lord into a human? I would have been far more placed to accept a way to make Donna and Rose feel zero pain while the metacrisis was being removed, than the completely random way of “letting go”.  So yeah that was my rant. But I did like the episode, and I’m sure not everyone saw the fact that the Meep was the antagonist coming! I wonder who the Boss is - given that the Meep looks like a toy, I imagine it’s the Toymaker.
See I believe the new capabilities to be excellent i still believe it's the same sonic as past iterations but I think 14 just added a few more settings gave it a bit of an upgrade and maybe minimalize casualty when he's in a situation every new doctor was reminded of how much loss he created when he was involved  this iteration maybe took it onboard gave the sonic more defensive settings ❤ which I adored more insight into how the sonic can be used it still won't work on wood though... we hope 🤣🤣
I’m surprised you didn’t call out the coffee maker as being a Star Trek replicator. It sure provided INSTANT coffee.
The thing about the sonic for me, I love the new 1, I love what it can now do, I would've loved it more if I could have seen where it came from and even more if they would've added in the regen again but, why can the sonic still not be able to work against dead locks? It can do screens and shields now! Why not dead locks? Can it do wood yet?? I hope we find out
I absolutely loved this episode. I didn't realize how much I missed my Doctor, Donna and her family. David Tennant has been and will forever be my Doctor. All the respect in the world to Tom Baker. I know we are only getting two more Tennant stories and I will cherish every second.
Love the fact that the sonic screwdriver has be finally been upgrade to a person that has that the knowledge of time travel,   I find it hard to believe that this had not been done before,  we have to not become stagnant in our mind set
I enjoyed it from a point of nostalgia but the more I think about it, I think it had more down than ups
I feel like Meep will be a returning villain either during the 15th doctor’s era or even the 16th doctor’s time.
I think I agree with you on the Sonic Screwdriver situation. It's supposed to be a device that emits an ultrasonic frequency to do various things. It affects things using resonance. Allowing it to create hard light holograms or shields without using resonance in some clever way feels just out of range of what it should be able to do. It should have been a different device doing those things.
This episode was even worse than Chibnall’s worst episode. I couldn’t disagree with this video more. The only thing I did like was the new Sonic’s abilities - it’s about time the Doctor upgraded his kit.   The Non-Binary plot point was HOT GARBAGE and the worst virtue signalling I have ever witnessed on TV.  The repeated snide/apologetic comments about the Doctor being a man again were eye-roll inducing.  Finney’s acting as Rose was completely wooden.  The wheelchair explosives were beyond cheesy.   I also find it weird that no one has addressed Tennant’s new, much posher voice. I don’t hate it, it’s just different. But Tennant’s individual moments were really the only good to come out of this baffling, dull and juvenile episode. Actually, I liked Donna’s mum too, particularly the portrayal of her trying to adapt to having a non-binary granddaughter.  Even the new TARDIS, which is kind of cool, looks a bit clinical to me. A spot of colour would have gone a long way.   I have recently rewatched 13’s episodes and hated them less the second time around, even though they are still pretty bad. Maybe it will be the same with this episode, but I doubt it and was depressed by the end of it. Preying that RTD has got the nonsense out of his system and the next two episodes will be back to what we know and love!
I don't get the whole Non Binary moment. What, Rose is Trans until the plot suddenly requires her to be Non Binary? That makes no sense
Best “Up” for this review is I watched it all the way through and didn’t want to click away. Very very good.   I really hope “Wulf”’s has a “final” moment looking at some amazing space phenomenon as a poignant ending…
Again, a thing that takes time to develop - well i think so anyway.   A note on it?  How about this: All this time we have spent making better mechanical weapons. Yet who'd've thought stress can be shaped into a bullet?
They did build a ship there in the warehouse it was real. I saw a video of them building it.
I can’t believe she gave a down to the sonic screwdriver’s new abilities. I absolutely loved it! I thought, finally, Disney money is allowing them to do cool little things like that.
do not know why we could not have more David Tennent.    the show was better because money was spend on better special effects.   more action.  better actors. there was points were the talking between people was just so touching. still think they should have kept the meta for longer,  to find how to get it out and not just well we just say go,  and there it goes.
The “wraaaath” *claws*
The whole Trans/Non Binary BS really took away from what would have been a much better episode. I'm just so sick of this woke crap being rammed down our throats.
Well, the thing missing about the new sonic is that there was no transition to this new capability. It does kind of feel like we missed a video. I thought the special would start with the regeneration to the 14th doctor, and then him popping out of the Tardis in the ally.
It was a fantastic episode. I saw very little to dislike
How would Wilf return while Bernard Cribbins isn't with us anymore?
One thing that destroyed me was when someone pointed out the parallels between wilf on the other side of the glass in the end of time and Donna being on the other side of the glass in the star beast. Your welcome 😭
The sonic screwdriver is beyond a magic wand now. The comments to the Doctor about being ignorant because he was "male presenting" were both a joke and pathetic--not to mention a slap in the face of the lor of the series.  Take away all the salivating on the nostalgia and you have an average episode that does nothing to help the show. 4/10 at best.
Big down for all the trans bullshit, big down for the recap opening, down for the super sonic, and maybe a bit of a down for the takeout on Donnas death, but generally a good episode. Big up for the Meep twist, and the weaponised wheelchair. Sean is also a legend. Probably just breaking into top 10 specials.
I'm probably the only one, but I couldn't help thinking that David Tennant's mannerisms at the beginning of the episode (and in the preceding Davros short) resembled those of Jodie Whittaker's Doctor.
For me the trigger words reminded me of The Doctor's Wife. The code for opening the archived Console Room door.
it's was good compared to the Jodie era, but full to the brim with 'the message' (note to readers, I can appreciate some wokeness myself been gay, but not at the expense of plot/continuity)  - to myself this isn't a good sign for next season when Disney influence kicks in big time. Either way, the timeless child contradictions not ret-conned, which to myself still means the series remains dead. Overall Down. (Edited...) Perhaps been harsh.. will give it a big UP when compared to the Jodie era.. but a DOWN on where I predict the series will go.. Disney Marvel died (ratings/plot) due to over focusing on identity politics - the series start isn't diminishing my concerns - as mentioned it feels like the Marvel universe.. obviously coming from Disney execs side.. I may reconsider my overall negative point of view IF the timeless child contradictions (not here from wokeness as others claim - been gay myself I can appreciate some wokeness, but purely on massive plot contradictions / basic continuity issues that were never resolved - eg pre-Harnell era Tardis which to myself pretty well ruined the series I just never watched it to this episode again). Also what happened to 'The Flux' ? Most of the universe was destroyed.. feels like too much brushing under the carpet. It's potentially difficult to get back into a series again, if you think and know this could also all be air brushed away by another future director / production team..
Didn't the sonic do something similar in "the snowmen"?  I recall a barrier, but I don't remember if it was sonic-based.
I'd give a down for the entire non binary/ Trans angle, I'm literally trans myself i have my own opinions and I honestly hate this sort of thing, it makes me cringe. they're a fine character but i just don't like this obsession over people like us.. please stop.
No one mentioning 14's VERY posh, almost "BBC"  voice,  that keeps slipping back into 10's "mockney" accent?
I had a hard time believing that a cup of coffee could inundate the Tardis. And you didnt mention the stuffed animals Rose makes! UP UP UP ! I want an ood one!
hm, meep from phineas and ferb/milo murphy, anyone? similarities...
I loved the episode and I'm pretty sure a good third of it was just bait to draw commentary and piss off the "well maybe I'll go back to watching now that it's a man again" fair-weather fans. I say this as an enby, they were heavy handed af with some of it, but I'm pretty sure it was just to mess with certain people.
The screwdriver having the ability to put things on “screen” was a big UP for me. The screwdriver evolved and it helps illustrate what the Doctor is looking at, rather than empty space.
About the force field created by the sonic screwdriver; You forget the tech of the sonic was planned to be upgraded by the war doctor and the 10th and 11th doctors when they were “trapped” in that barn with a wooden door in the day of the doctor (?) only for clara to open it with ease cause it was unlocked the entire time. No?
Personally I keep waiting for an explanation on how the sonic upgraded for the screens and force fields…. Just like I wanna know how did the doctors outfit change with him
This show would have been great, however when they introduce "WOKE"  into it and Disney is behind it. It's not good.  I don't understand why this is something that has to be forced on people.  I like David Tennant and Catherine Tate, However when he's done playing the Doctor so am I.  Sorry to say, I don't think this show on Disney will be a hit because Disney is in the toilet..... Nothing against you or the other die hard fans out there. I just reject WOKENESS  in all it's form. Sorry to said😒
It's a pity I had seen some hints about Meep, it would have been great to have the new Meep come as a total surprise!!! 😁😁
Seeing David running around the new set screaming "This is amazing" had me smiling from ear to ear. I know there's been some talk of David being overused but I love seeing him back. No disrespect to any actor who followed him but he plays the character so well. After watching this I feel a bit sad we're only getting this for three episodes. As it's been so massively hyped up it would be nice to see him have a full season run with perhaps Donna standing aside and letting the new Rose become the main companion before Nchuti takes over. It feels like David's never been away and I'm looking forward to the next two specials to come.
I liked the sonic making a computer screen, I didn’t like the shield. That was too much.
I could argue... very well and honestly but.... I adore your presenter... also...  R.i.p Bernard cribbins
I liked a lot of the episode. But there where some aspects which made me 🧐🤨.   1. Did not like the way the sonic was used.  2. Thought the binary/non-binary was a liiiitle bit cheesy. Otherwise, I found the trans representation relatable and endearing.  3. Did not like the rampant man hating. Empowering should be about raising people up, not putting people down.   4. Why was the Doctor floating in space during the recap. Weird direction choice imo.  All in all though, there was a lot to enjoy here. I loved a lot of the jokes, I liked the new characters and Tennant and Tate are a joy to watch as always. All the other returning characters were very good here too.
It was good but the way they handled and solved Donna's death was just annoying and ruined it for me as it was supposed to be this great wall that The Doctor had no solution for and yet as the writer guy would say it was so easy it was barely an inconvenience all those years of waiting and they just wished it away.
I agree. That opening could have been a trailer. It did not feel right, even as a recap. An actual recap would have been better.
The best thing about the episode was Donna being Donna. And her mother. They nailed the characterization. Not so much for Donna's husband, he felt sort of leftover.  The whole "binary" thing was not done well. At All. It mixes up "trans" and "non-binary." The two are different, and it treats it like they're interchangeable. Then it takes it, and turns it into a superpower.  It's like a new version of the whole "magical black person" trope all over again. Even the new disabled UNIT's scientific advisor had to turn her disability into a superpower. Makes me worried for Ncuti Gatwa's doctor. Is he going to be allowed to have a good character arc, and be his own doctor, or is RTD going to force the 15th doctor to be perfect in every way?   And then the whole "you couldn't possible figure this out because you're a man, all we have to do is let go, if you were a woman you'd understand." This is exactly the type of thing ppl have been criticizing for the last decade now, and being called hateful for it.
i cried the whole episode. i loved it. my heart was in a vice the entire time.
It was a bit crap. The stuff from The Star Beast comic is so truncated it need not be there. Just have Beep the Meep escape again have Rose not know who it is but have the Doctor recognise it immediately. Having the Donna problem solved by the power of being a woman was very patronising as was it being okay for UNIT to have a genius in an armed wheel chair in the same week we learn the Daleks aren't allowed one.  I like the way the Nobles are presented in this and wish Rose could have been herself without having to have a  sci-fi reason for being non-binary. RTD is back with his Deus ex Machina endings. I never liked those. Having Donna regret giving the money away was pretty bad too. RTD is being like Silvia. He means well but in trying to be affirming he is actually being rather insulting.
Can some one tell me why a male can’t grasp the consent of “letting go”?? What a slap in the face to men
27 ups verses 4 downs……yeah idk about that.. for everything that was done right, within the episode.
It did feel a little easy at the end there, didn't it? Also, the Doctor is non-binary. Whether in the show, the books, the mags, whatever, the Doctor does reference being non-binary loads of times. It did feel just a bit too Happy Families to me, personally. Otherwise, bang on in most every scene, save, as you said, the sonic. That was odd, and if it was a thing the sonic could do, why hasn't it been used, at all, ever?  Minty, but too fresh, imo.  Brilliant post!
I thought David Tennant's hair looked like disheveled feathers when he popped out the Tardis.  (but it looked kinda cute)  I loved how Donna was giving him fashion advice for a mature person. (heehee!)  The whole entire show was *Wonderful*.  The new Tardis looks like a fusion reactor and I love it!  I also loved that now that Donna is a Mother she was needling her Mom a little bit about being absolutely amazed at how fantastic your kid is, but then she relented because she knows her Mom cares even if she doesn't say the words.  I was thinking that Rose inherited something from the Metacrisis.  I like how they wrapped it up.  (Reminded me of when Bill was talking to Capaldi about how if they aren't worried about male or female or whatever... why are they still called "Time Lords"?)  I'll probably cry the whole time when I see Wilf. [Doctor Who!  I've waited a whole year! It's back!]  You said all the other things I was thinking.  I liked when the new Scientific Advisor told a soldier "don't make me the problem, get up there."  I also love that she is secure in her job, and told the Doctor to pop off, begone, go do your thing, we've got this part handled.
The doctor had the zoomies when he saw the new Tardis 🥹😂
I have a theory. The TARDIS doesn’t have any stairs, only ramps. Maybe the wheelchair lady (forget her name) will be utilised, and go aroumd the TARDIS and possibly go somewhere with them.
This was a huge disappointment. I said when it was announced that RTD was coming back. That this was going to be a WOKE twisted basteredisation of his OG who. This was going to happen and it did. We have mental illness being glorified and a handicap persons in a wheelchair still being able to cross her legs. This was sad really sad. It could have been able to include everyone but it decided to alienate so many people
Loved this episode!
The sudden "courtroom in the parking" scene was great. And the "something smells nice" situation was... just perfect. Quintessential Doctor Who!
Great analysis of the balance between practical and CGI effects.
She knows Bernard Cribbins is dead right
Non-Binary, the most lame excuse I have ever seen to implement a woke and pandering theme to a show that was already so open and liberal from the get go. Disney+ taking control huh? My god, i'm so disappointed.
let's go!  Whoculture no. 6 on trending!
I think the whole "you're a man so you wouldn't understand" thing for THE DOCTOR of all people was really unnecessary. But I just hope it isn't something that comes up in every single episode. Also, to me it seems like the sonic screwdriver has always gotten upgrades every time there was a new one introduced, so I suppose that explains away the new abilities.
"What the hell is even that?!!!!"
I loved the episode right up until the "just let it go" part. I am sorry but I hate that explanation. All that sacrifice and all Donna neede to do was let it go?
I understand why people found some of the gender based dialogue was a bit cringy, but I don't think it was "woke"... I think it was sexist. I think it is unacceptable for sexism in shows/movies...and I think that goes for everyone. The let it go part was sexist. I think it would have been sexist regardless of whether a trans character/actress delivered the line or not. I am a pro-trans rights/equality person, and I was disappointed at that part. Lines like that actually work AGAINST trans equality. I think it was very clever to incorporate the fact that Donna's child diffused the metacrisis, and I think the gender factor worked. BUT Rose isn't nonbianary...Rose identifies as female. Nonbianary isn't the same thing...so while I applaud the effort here to give positive inclusion of a trans character, I think the writing missed the mark. Unfortunately, society as a whole has a very weak stomach for trans inclusion and is very quick to cry woke. One day we'll get there, but we aren't there yet...especially when the character's dialogue makes a sexist dig at the main character. Nothing would have been diminished from Rose if that specific remark wasn't written in. I truly want people to like her and accept her. But they already set her up for extra scrutiny, and the abundance of youtube videos and comments about that aspect proves it 😥
my only gripe was the "we are a female timelady we know how to fix this issue you being a man wouldnt think about this . everything else was spot on
Here's how I see it. The Day of the Doctor had holes in the story, things that could've been structured in a better way but didn't work because of the circumstances. But the execution was seamless, everything played out well.  This special had every detail and design made to perfection, the story was meticulously crafted and every piece had inherent value........but the execution MY GOD. Bits and pieces of blatant fanservice that insists upon itself, moments where its really pushing the lesson onto you.. Nothing wrong with that as a whole,  but then THE LAST QUARTER.....THE LAST QUARTER ITS LIKE EVERYTHING AT ONCE, THE MESSAGE IS SHOVED DOWN YOUR THROAT OVER, AND OVER, AND OVER, AND OVER......its cringe.  Its like the show was treating me like complete idiot, some hypothetical child that didn't know ANYTHING about social justice, or alternative identity or any of that. What they said, WHY they said it, it wasn't inherently wrong, it was a good lesson! But to portray the viewers as being foreign, illiterate, or completly WRONG about the concept? Its insulting. Then to make a "im a woman your not, haha" joke in the midst of that like its quirky, like you weren't stabbing me with a knife over it 5 seconds ago.  Rose was fine, Iooking forward to seeing more in the new season. I didn't have an issue with how she was portrayed as much as how they inflated her importance. If Meep had another ace up their sleeve, and Rose stopped that...then maybe i'd have less of a problem with the outcome. If there was more interaction with Rose, knowing her childhood and background (showing off all those CLUES), then maybe I wouldn't have been so disappointed with how they explained things.
LOVED IT Right there with you on all points, Ellie!!
There were a couple of good moments but unfortunately overall for me this was 90 percent a face-palmy, bashing the audience over the head with the point, plot-lite mess 😢 The other two better be a lot better  Also "let it go" 😑 I can't even...
Honestly with this episode I was kind of expecting a lot more, with it being written by RTD, as the first one back it was honestly kind of a let down. Another commentor said it and I honestly very much agree, but the writing in places was very poor. First we have the whole Metacrisis problem where Donna should've died, when really she didn't, and their reason for her still being alive is that "women can let things go and men can't", which felt like a really weird and sexist joke for no reason and felt like a bizarre way to say "hey Donna is alive now because of this". Btw the other commentor is jellydonuts2343, and they said both men and women are capable of letting things go, and plenty of men can let things go easily and the same goes for women too, to which I have to say that jellydonuts is correct, and this felt like one of the more poorly written parts of the episode. Another thing that bothered me was the whole thing with the Meep's pronouns and the whole nonbinary thing towards the end of the episode, these to me honestly just felt like they were very forced and honestly took away from the episode for me, I also feel like I didn't really care for anything in the episode besides the Donna death stuff, until they gave us a reason for keeping her alive which again, felt like a very average reason to me. Especially later involving Rose when both that character and Donna decide to "let things go", the sexist joke honestly would've landed better if Rose was a biological woman. The whole point of sexism is that it's one sex saying something about the opposite sex, in this instance, it's the women saying that men can't let things go. This sexist joke or comment or however you wish to call it would have made more sense and worked a lot better if Donna's child was a biological woman, especially considering Rose let go of the energy too, which still makes the joke not make any sense. Honestly my expectations weren't too high to begin with when it comes to this era, but this episode has caused me to lower them drastically, because I did not enjoy this episode very much.
No ups. Doctor Who is still dead. What a load of crap.
SPOILERS           Never trust cute
I dont know what there plans are for after David tenent regenerates again but im hoping for 1, he choses to regenerate with instead of a i dont want to go we get a "i think im ready to go" 2 i want the Nobles to stay. But unlike jodies 3 companions and a new doctor right off the bat we ease into it start of with just donna and the doctor for 1 or 2 episodes to get to know this doctor and see how donna does with the new one. Then as doctor goes to drop of donna rose sneaks into the TARDIS and you get a episode or 2 of Rose Noble with the doctor. And for the rest of the series you get both Donna and Rose with the possibility of rose's dad joining next season
Direct quote from me, said several times throughout the episode: “This is bonkers, and I LOVE it!” Zero complaints. Also, RIP Bernard Cribbins, your joyous smile was carried across the world by millions yesterday.
I can’t say I enjoyed it. But I’m hopeful for the next episode.
Disappointing and missing the charm...
Wow, this sucks. This episode started great but became uninspiring and dull with these messages. They can’t fix the show with david, these writers suck.
Virtue signalling rubbish at its finest. The whole thing was truly absurd from start to finish and not in a good way. 😆
A much better story line for the Metacrisis would have been, that since Rose was born with it - encoded into her DNA - she would have been physiologically able to withstand the metacrisis entirely into herself. Freeing Donna from it, solidifying her gender-fluidity as she becomes the Doctor Rose. That way, when we do eventually say goodbye to Donna she will always have (in some way) the Doctor with her. This would have been a much better and far more logical solution to the metacrisis rather than simply - letting it go.
How else was The Doctor supposed to interpret "He's no longer with us" other than that Wilf has died. They call him an idiot but that's on them for saying it in that way.
That spill of the coffee was the fakest thing I've ever seen. Either Donna did it deliberately or Tate is a rubbish actor
So, I watched this yesterday afternoon (in Canada).  When they  got to the part where the Meep revealed themselves as evil, my first thought was "now Ellie has the answer to her question".  I also agree about the whole "let it go".  It seemed like a cop-out.  Also, several hours after watching the episode, my brain connected it to "Frozen".  Love the new Tardis.  Donna's comment about it being cleaner made me think of the first time Wilf stepped into the Tardis. "I thought it'd be cleaner"  Brilliant.
Would you feel better about the screwdriver making a visual screen and light field if it was a laser screwdriver instead of a sonic one?
I feel the making of a screen is right on brand for it what I thought was a bit too far was making a Force shield with it. I thought Shaun was the best, he’s lived with Donna so long he just takes the weirdness in his stride. I did cry when they said that Wilf was no longer with us then when they said he’s been looked after and that Kate organised it, I had a big smile on my face and instantly got vibes from the first Sontaaran episode when Donna says she wants to go home but just for a visit. I remember thinking during fire fight straight away that the possessed UNIT seemed to be the antagonist but that the Wrarth don’t really seem to be because they were being fired at by the possessed UNIT soldiers it was at that point I knew that something wasn’t quite right with the whole situation I was so glad that I was right on the money, I hadn’t read the comic so I had no context for what was happening and the revelation that the Meep was the antagonist blew my mind a little, that even though it was originally someone else’s story seemed classic RTD to me. I have trouble hearing so I have to watch with subtitles so I got it but also given the Meep’s final line I think they were referring to not only the Meep but also to the boss that the Meep was referring to. I thought it was a master stroke to have the reawakening/awakening of the DoctorDonna and the DoctorRose look like a regeneration in hindsight it shouldn’t have been anything else. I thought the “letting it go “ metacrisis was a bit boring. I love the new design of the TARDIS it’s a blend of literally every TARDIS for the most part. I didn’t want the episode to end. Can’t wait to see wild blue yonder
I loved it! Great solution to the "Donna must not remember" problem. But the coffee-scene at the End was a big down for me. It looked like terrible acting. First she tells, that she lost her job for spilling coffee - then she spills it. Way to obvious.
Sorry but I thought it was terrible, the multiple plot contrivances around the ship, it NEEDING unit to break in before it could take over their bodies, the unexplained arbitrary glass barrier only for the sake of needing Donna to remember, the moronic 'dagger drive' that only existed to introduce an actual threat (which completely reversed the massive amount of damage it caused when it was stopped). The sonic "get-out-of-jail-free-card" screwdriver gaining EVEN MORE nonsensical abilities to write them out of situations (though I will accept the one letting them break through the brick walls, that at least makes sense) Worst for me though was the 'Wilf not dead' joke, I thought this was incredibly poor taste and ruined what could have been a touching send-off for Bernard Cribbins.  I had plenty of other issues but they seem to have been highlighted a lot elsewhere.
They have just ruined the last tv show I wanted to watch. Dr who has gone woke
The episode was incredible the whole way through! Doctor who is actually back!   A massive up for me was the diversity and inclusion aspects didn't feel ham fisted and shoe horned in like Chibnell's plots. It was great to see more queer and disability forward writing.   Didn't even really mind the letting go bit especially if you consider it against the timeless child crap. Feel so bad for Jodie Whitaker though. She could have had this quality of writing and now we'll never know.
I'm not a fan of the sonic shield thing as it seems like that could easily become a crutch in terms of the writing (or a plot hole if they don't use it when it would make sense), but I do like the virtual screen thing. I don't know how many times I've watched the Doctor look at the sonic as if there's some kind of readout there and wondered, "What the hell is s/he looking at?"  SFX have come a long way since 2005, and if they can afford to make it make more sense, I'm all for it.
What about Unit being back? Last we heard they were defunded
Another UP for me was the callback to Christopher Eccleston's 9th Doctor: Resonating concrete. 🥰
I really don't like how easy Donna' metacrisis issue was resolved. There's no way in hell The Doctor couldn't have figured that solution at all
In general I loved the episode but I think failing to let us get a good look at Rose's creations before the big reveal was a missed opportunity.  I get the feeling that a scene with a little Ood plushy (and all of its little friends) was filmed but got edited out.
This is supposed to be the Doctor Whos 60th: Not RTD/Tennant anniversary show.  Tom Baker was my childhood Doctor, I don't expect the effects or storytelling to go backwards.  Neither should anyone else.
Wasn't there a force field from the sonic in the Snowmen episode? They captured the ice lady with it.
Dr who died after peter
I liked the 'let it go' shtick
Disney-fication is a real problem in pop culture. Disney takes unique and popular brands and dilutes them with vanilla plots and technologies.  You’ve already seen what they are doing to the sonic screwdriver.
I thought "let it go" was elegant and perfect. The idea that a "male-presenting" person would not even CONSIDER the idea that one could just give up the power was sheer bliss.  He (both then and now) was all "how do I separate from this power that nobody could possibly just choose to give up?" And the face that they called him out on it was the cherry on top.
For the most part, I loved this episode. The only really bad part was the whole "letting go" thing. I could believe the leaking memory stuff. I could believe the Rose inheriting it stuff. All of that felt genuine enough within the story. But then to just let it go was nowhere close to believable. And to top that off by saying that the Doctor couldn't see that b/c he was male-presenting was offensive. It's true that the sexes don't always "get" one another b/c they have dif experiences, but somehow that just came out as offensive. Plus, the Doctor was a woman in between those times and she didn't come up with it herself then! Besides, I'm not so sure that female-presenting people are any better at just letting things go! :)  On the "Official Doctor Who Podcast," they made the comment that they had to get rid of it somehow, and that's true. But that's their own fault for painting themselves into this corner. IMHO, the show was great except for that scene - everything about that scene! That was the one thing I just couldn't go with and it still bugs me the next day. Maybe there was something in that idea of leaking, sharing, inheriting that could have been a better "out," IDK.
Wish they could stay together longer.  Always been my favorites.
In concerns about the sonic screwdriver. It's been used do big things  before (River & Doctor fighting the Silent). Doctor Who hasn't had the budget for doing those kind of special effects.
18:08 i’ll be honest, i thought “the sort of thing he would do” was referencing her grandad. she’s always looked up to wilf, so i just assumed this, as she didn’t quite remember the doctor yet
Regarding the Sonic Screwdriver, don’t you get it, it’s always done the display, but only the doctor could see it, basically budget and special effect limitations meant it was invisible to us. Until now. How do I know this, just go back and look as the Doctor scans something. That screen was there, invisible but there.
Sorry, But I loved EVERYTHING about the sonic. It wasn't outside the realm of possibility for me :)
Think david should have shaved for this, would have taken years off him
The fourth wall breaking at the beginning, I think, is needed for the Disney+ viewers.  In my market (Canada,) new Who is on Amazon Prime and the Disney+ viewers who are new to the Doctor do need the recap.
BTW, why is John Wagner not given creator credit? He co-write the story with Pat.
I hated the Male, female and non binary BULLSHIT!! It wasn't needed I have to deal with that shit in real life.
I’ll admit that it was very clever and totally Russell T Davies-esque in the way he retrospectively used the whole “Binary, binary, binary” phrasing……But I also found it incredibly cringe, like they made the plot resolution hinge on the whole transgender thing for the sake of fulfilling a diversity quota yet again. It’s becoming very tiring now and the sexism and almost spite-fuelled remark about DT being a “male-presenting Time Lord” felt very disrespectful.   Aside from that, it was a very fun and entertaining episode: Faithful to the comic source material, I loved seeing Camden looking so amazing, some great family-centric moments, the performances and presentation were so polished and the title sequence was beautiful.   Really understands the assignment of being a great re-entry for fans that were perhaps lost along the way and welcomes new viewers, however it seems like(aside from some pivotal points), we may look back and think of this as a filler episode when all is said and done.   7.5/8 out of 10
i did not like the new TARDIS. Too clean. too sanitized.  I might be alone here
I liked the sonic.  It's been a while remember.
Yeah, the sonic screwdriver being able to create impenetrable force-fields was... just too ridiculous for me. Not only did it make me think "well this could have been extremely useful like a thousand times in the past, why has he never used this before?" but also... it kinda makes things too easy, I think. The whole point, in pretty much every episode until now, was that the Doctor managed to win by outsmarting people, or by showing them the error of their ways, etc. It wasn't about having the superior gadgets (and in the cases where the Doctor did have superior gadgets - it's because he built/upgraded them specifically for this story, which again shows his intellect and technical ability).  Now if the Doctor starts creating magic force-fields every time he's shot at, the stakes are gonna feel very low. And if he doesn't, I'm just gonna think "well why isn't he just making magic force fields?" Big mistake imo.   Still absolutely loved the episode though.
ALL OF DOCTOR WHO IS BRILLIANT!!!!!
I really like the way they upgraded the sonic, because let’s be honest the sonic has been boring for awhile now, buzz opens a door, buzz hacks a computer, and it also felt like it was being used less and less each season, but with this upgraded version there are now a lot more possibilities and creative ways for the doctor to utilize the sonic in different situations
Wouldn't it be hilarious if everyone at UNIT saw him sneaking around, but they all knew he was the doctor, and they just thought they'd let him feel sneaky.
So the Doctors metacrisis imprinted on Donna, who then passed it on to her son, who then tried turning himself into Rose Tyler? Thats messed up.
The sonic scewdriver can do ANYTHING
was rose and that boy meant to be friends of the same age ? as rose looks like 10 years older than him
i fear for the next dr,the wokeness will be ri diculos
I really enjoyed the holographic screen scene. The musical score in that part was awesome. You knew it was Murray Gold.
The joy on my face when The Doctor was running around the new tardis
I just didn't like it- it felt really rushed, shallow and as if the budget prioritised the action set pieces above the emotional beats. They felt rushed and cheapened. After all those years and we got a brief death scene with Donna and then it was all okay and fine? 😢
its just anoda disney woke trash,the whole ep is the greatest rubbish I have ever watched ,I am so dissa with the franchise.😔
One thing, I really wanted in this, that Donna Remembered everything by herself. And it went that way. It looks like she gradually remembered Doctor. And I thought she wen to the ship exactly because of this. At that moment I started imagine how awesome scene should be when she confronts Doctor and Both fully realizes what's happening. That scene would be amazing. But instead we see, that Donna to remember things her mind should be decoded. So this fear of accidently remembering was like overrated. Of course that sexist remark at the end and whole "just let it go" thing was a bit of meh. But this is just small things. This episode was simply FANTASTIC!
I can't imagine Wilf completely giving up stargazing.
i enjoyed the episode but it felt a bit too much like disney
I almost got the impression that they figured the Doctor would be there and if anyone saw him to just let the science advisor know but not to approach so she could make the introductions. Which she very casually does as if she's been aware of him the whole time. Maybe?
Whole episode was perfection, except maybe all the obvious “woke” moments that felt a _tiny_ bit forced, as well as the kind of sexist joke towards the end. Don’t get me wrong, it started out pretty good. It was subtle and was being handled pretty well. Hell, the pronouns joke wasn’t half bad now that I’m looking back on things.   That moment where Rose saved them in the rocket when they were talking about gender and non-binary and whatnot kind of doesn’t sit right with me, since it implies that she only presents the way she does because it’s a subconscious thing she inherited from that small part of the metacrisis Donna passed on to her, like how Donna donated her lottery money to charity in a subconscious effort to be more like The Doctor. I’m not sure if that makes sense, I might be nitpicking here. The scene in general felt a *tad* forced and unnecessary, but overall I suppose it doesn’t matter.
I wanted to point out something that I haven't seen others mention, which is that in the actual episode, there's never a single mention that Rose is trans.  Nope.  Nothing.  Everything I saw seemed to relate to her being Donna's kid, with some sense of being "alien" in some way, similar to how Donna herself feels like something's off about her life.  Even the conversation you mention with Donna and her mom simply seemed to be about having to protect Donna, and just generally being a grandmother.  So, the ENTIRE plot twist made no sense to me at all.  I never saw anything other than Rose being female.  Ever.  Even when she said she was "non-binary".  Did they simply assume that everyone would just figure it out somehow, magically?  Did they assume everyone knew Rose was being played by someone born male?  Because I never heard anything about it, and definitely that shouldn't be assumed.  So, yeah, even if the writing wasn't so offensive/lecturey (chastising the Doctor multiple times, rudely), they missed the boat in trying to get us to understand the supposed logic of how Donna ended up being ok.  So that's a massive down for me.
Digitally enchanced practical effects are always on top for me. Meep was mostly practical, the spaceship legs were practical, with the top of the ship digital, the W(rawr)th warriors were practical, including the flying one - apparently they were on a see saw type contraption and they added the wings in post. And it all looked great. Love it.
It takes more say here's Trans a character to make a character. Why not induce a character and Trans can come up in conversation
27:28 it’s Disney… sadly I can definitely see them doing this. Which would suck cause the white things are back
Wonder if that coffee maker is called “Dr. Coffee”?
So Donna Noble married in 2010, are we supposed to pretend her kid is 12 while the actor is almost 20? We can tell the character was supposed to be the glasses boy we see in the episode but the writer was forced to add some agenda.
The start section with the recap they need there for people watching on disney+ at some point in the future
Id down the Tardis Imterior, it was just a little bit... TOO clean? Like, it looks great, but it was too white and bright. It needed a lot more grunge, and less brightness.
The meta crisis "solution" definitely felt rushed and tacked on. Also agree with the Down on the sonic. Go back to how Nine used it as an actual tool, where actual work is required. Enough of "point and click and do virtually anything!!"  Huge kudos for pointing out the callback to Four and his use of the barrister wig!
"touch screens are too much for a screw driver that can do anything" ok maam
I loved the new abilities of the sonic but my very first thought after how much I liked it was that I was almost certainly alone on this point. It's always been a magical get out of trouble device that has had capabilities far beyond what it should. Like when it scans something and they look at it intensely as if there's something to see. This feels like that but now we can actually see the scan results so I'm not mad at it.
I really liked the first 45 minutes of this episode, but the final 15 felt so amateurish with the way it was written
When they walk into the Tardis, it feels like David Tenant might also be seeing it for the very first time. Am I alone thinking this?
A lot of the marketing for the new show and from RTD himself has expressed that there will be a lot of new things and ideas and things that have never been done before, so while yes it's clear that the sonic being able to create holographic monitors and shields is rather out of the scope of what screwdrivers have done in the past, I feel like I can personally give it a pass, since it was used first for analyzing/assessing information, one could say it was used for investigative purposes, and the second time it was used entirely defensively, to provide a safe out for the characters during a conflict, which I think falls in line with the sonic screwdriver never being used as a weapon, and in fact doubles down on it being used as a tool for providing clever or peaceful solutions. The shields aren't overpowered either, they take time to conjure and break apart after sustaining enough damage. The worse problem I think could come later down the line, during any future episode where a shield would just solve a lot of problems but they have to come up with a lazy reason or throwaway line for why the Doctor can't just create a shield so that some sense of tension can be upheld
My only down from this story was HOW does Donna know he regenerated at all? Unless Doctor Donna is in tune with his entire being.
I was talking to my sister about it this morning and she thinks Donna spilt the coffee on purpose, which would be interesting. We will see.
I don't think the TARDIS is going to look like like going forward.  It looked super high-tech, which is not really what the TARDIS is. I think/hope that Donna has messed it up and it will go back to something more 'wibbly-wobbly' in the next episodes.
Tardis explosion was quite pompous, in my opinion. Could be less in fireworks, and use thrilling clock strikes instead. Overall episode is great.
A massive down for me was the spiteful sexist comments from donna and rose donna says because your not a woman anymore rose follows up with a male representing time lord wouldn't know how to let go, if i was the doctor I'd have walked away got in the tardis and left after them comments
David Tennant is my favorite doctor. And he is the most beloved doctor. I laughed with him, I cried for him when the transformation came.
Remember when the sonic created metal out of nothing? Lol
A massive down for me was the technobabble in Meep‘s spaceship. It was really ridiculous! “Cauterize the maxifold! Discombobulate the positrons!” Words mean things, even made up words… they should have at least tried to make it sound somewhat believable.
I feel like the sonic having holograms would work better if he had a hologram device and was using the sonic as more of a stylus
9:35 Thought that was very stupid too, definitely wasn't a fan
Unfortunately Bernard Cribbins passed away last year - Wilf shouldn't appear.
Am I the only one that feels that The Meep is less creepy evil than when it was trying to be cute?
donna just missing out on things was because she doesn't listen to anything people say to her, how many times was she told to look but totally ignored them and rooted around in her bag or whatever instead?
"Everything woke turns to sh@t"
The issue with the Sonic was a big issue for me.  It might have worked if there was an explanation as to how it was suddenly able to do those things.
Ellie is an excellent presenter, and her joy is infectious! I will have to give a down to never even uttering the word "trans" in this review. In fact, it seemed studiously avoided near the beginning and referred to as "the situation" with Rose/Yasmin Finney. WhoCulture can and should be better. Big UK energy on that.
I want to believe that the doctor upgraded his screwdriver to incorporate the use of photons as were used in the masters laser screwdriver, the sonic waves trap the photons holding them in place allowing screens and mass for the forcefields
David Tennant was great as ever BUT...        As someone who is just a casual fan and can't remember every thing clearly, this why EXTREMELY unsatisfying for me. Her daughter barely has any lines yet alone a character arc and suddenly she glowing and saving the day. I'm all for Doctor Who miracles but this felt like it came straight from a Meep's ass. Donna was NEVER even close to my favorite companion, no offense to her cause I still enjoy her but idky they had to make The Doctor seem like some sort of cuck for this lady that has always been mean to him.
Hi from Winnipeg, Manitoba, Canada!!  I agree with you on the Sonic, that was the one big NOPE from me in this episode. I hope the Disney money doesn't pollute the show with teck and sparkle to bring in new American viewers. If it ain't broke, don't fix it.
Ellie i love your videos! Your voice, your mannerisms, just You!
They should have kept the woke bs out of it.   I'm slightly reluctant now to watch the next two episodes lest it make me reconsider Tennant and Tate being my all time favourites.
About the Sonic Scewdriver; maybe since the Doctor regenerated into Ten again for some reason and the Tardis  redesigned itself grandiose that now the Sonic is more powerful than ever?
I'm torn on all of the sonics upgrades, the sonic becomes a problem when it's a crutch for lazy writing and making it more powerful turns is a letting the genie out of the bottle situation and makes it more likely that the sonic will be used as a crutch by lazy writers in the future, I don't want to see the sonic a deus ex machina device. They basically introduced deadlock seals for the purpose of preventing this in the first place.
Poor Nerys, she gets a bad rap.  All she did was not pay for her share of lunch that one time…
Like you said the nostalgia feels of seeing Donna and 10/14 interact again is how I felt when Sara Jane was on the reboot  show.
I really did enjoy this episode and it had me smiling like a child again watching David's original run back in the day  But I do have some problems with parts of it...  1️⃣ I had almost no emotion for Donna's "death" because it all happened so suddenly and it didn't have much emotional build up or climax for me. She just shut her eyes for a minute. It felt rushed.  2️⃣ The "just let it go" bit... What? I was expecting this meta crisis to be a long-standing thing they have to deal with and keep at bay or something but "we're women so we just let go"? I don't understand? I'm a woman and I don't feel like I've got some magic let it go power?? I'm not sure what that was supposed to be referencing about women's characters?  3️⃣ It's nice to have a trans character but it doesn't seem to treat them like a normal person sometimes. You get the "look! trans!" Thing. Where it's like they're just including someone to be able to say they included them and want points for it or something. And the binary non binary explanation felt like everything else was written around that because they wanted this huge "look! Trans!" Moment. I enjoyed the more subtle moments where they've written in a trans character who isn't "a freak", for want of a better phrase of not being like a "normal" person.  4️⃣ How on earth has the TARDIS been destroyed by coffee? I feel like it should be able to withstand more than that. Also how Donna threw it over it to me felt like she did it on purpose. The way that scene played out there made it look like an intentional action.  5️⃣ I kind of agree with the opinions about the sonic screwdriver. It felt over the top, like something the sonic shouldn't be capable of. But, to be honest, my brain just said "hm, maybe it's had a really big upgrade?" Which felt fine but having it create "solid" objects in thin air felt like a bit of a stretch.
Having watched the video commentary after the episode David said in it that he snuck on set with Millie and Ncuti in that Tardis
I found it weird that they knew how to get rid of the metacrisis just because they were women, I'm a woman myself and it just felt like a really dated women vs men moment.
Ok a lot of comments here about the "letting go" and thr gender implications of that. Ok, sure, but if it's not killing either of them as Donna shared it with Rose... Why must they let it go at all?
Haven’t watched Doctor Who in gears and then when I found out you guys had this channel, I’m obsessed with your Star Trek channel. I was so excited to see you guys and now  excited more than ever watch the breakdowns. You guys rock❤
Bring Moffat back
There was an interview where David says he came to the new Tardis set to see Ncuti and Millie film their scenes in the Tardis. So David confirmed that his new Tardis is Ncuti’s new Tardis!😆🤙🏽🟦 When I heard him say that I was jumping up and down with excitement! The new Tardis console room in my favorite out of all of them!🙌🏽🔥🟦I can’t wait for next Saturday!😆👊🏽
Omg I had to fight back tears so many times😂 I was so worried how it would turn out but now that I've watched the first episode I feel the same way!  The Doctor is back!!!! Can't 2ait till next Saturday
This episode gave me a warm and fuzzy feeling in my tum tum. Golden up for the episode. Also, I wish Lorenzo Lamis had reprised his role as the voice of Meep. Looking forward to the Phineas and Ferb crossover special
I prefer the sonic screwdriver 'air screen' over the Doctor constantly squinting at what must be a _REALLY_ tiny thermometer-style screen on the side of a pen-dremel. As for the shields, _* sigh *_ I can live with them if they are used sparingly, are slow to come out, and only good against low-yield, and stun munitions/lasers as demonstrated in the hallway. Obviously, they would be useless against fully-wooden arrows and javelins, right?
You act like a five-year-old child all the time... why would it be any different after a new episode?
I think screen was fine but the shield was weird
I didnt have a problem with Rose's "Non-binary" line or anything else regarding Rose, but the whole "as a male you couldnt learn how to let it go but we can" did bother me a bit not gonna lie.
Sorry, but I can't let the weaponized wheelchair go. If you give an RPG and a bunch of guns to somebody who's sitting in a wheelchair, they're going to go flying in the opposite direction.
I liked the trans representation and showing Rose as just another character but also showing the issues she has to deal with like the boys deadnaming her and stuff. Also loved the conversation with Donna and Sylvia and especially Sylvia being supportive but also slipping up and feeling bad about it. I didn't like Rose questioning the Doctor about The Meep's pronouns. That just felt like exactly what anti-wokers would write for a stereotypical trans/non-binary person to make fun of them. There was no need for it. I've seen some people dislike the binary/non-binary part and I was borderline with it but I liked the callback to Journey's End and connecting it to Rose's story. I loved the idea of Donna being able to handle the metacrisis because she'd had a child and now there were 2 hearts to share it. That was brilliant. If they'd stopped it there, I would've loved it. But then they went and started misandrist BS with a male presenting Time Lord would never know how to let it go. So why didn't the 13th Doctor know that? That ending felt like they were trying too hard to be inclusive to the point that they were sexist to men. Could've just said that humans know how to let stuff go in a way that Time Lords don't.
I disagree with you saying the recap could have been somewhere else. If I'm a brand new viewer especially on Disney plus,  I'm most likely won't see or watch any trailers or  YouTube videos on Dr. Who, thus a quick recap at the beginning of the episode will be the only way for me to quickly catch up.  Without it there's too good of a chance I'll stop watching
When Silvia says "she called him Doctor" the fear she showed was really what sold it as a dramatic moment vs just a tiny hint
I loved the episode I loved the TARDIS and in my opinion I loved the doctor using the sonic to make a shield it makes the doctor more mysterious😁😁😁
The tardis is so english, a cup of tea fixes it and coffee makes it lose it sh#^£.
At Chicago TARDIS, Rachel Talalay informed the crowd that she had *nothing* to do with the first two minutes of the episode (the cold open recap), and hadn’t even seen it until she saw the final episode. So that was definitely a bit of executive meddling there. 😅
Ups:  Trans Representation, RTD, Donna, David, Beep Downs: Forced pronoun bs, trans being a plot point rather than just representation, Donna's Tardis Abuse.
The part that really urked me was.... Binary, binary, non binary. Unneeded, forced and cringy
I loved the episode but i do agree on the meta crisis and the whole "just letting go" did seem a bit cheep and a little rushed but oh well still loved the episode
I didnt like it. Which is sad, i was really looking forward to it. The only thing i enjoyed was when the Doctor and Donna got in the Tardis at the end.
Agreed.  I also hate how they dealt with the time lord energy.  To say that the Doctor is the Doctor instead of male or female and then to have Donna insult the Doctor by saying 'he couldn't come to the solution as a man' was truly disgusting.  They could have gone with a positive message instead of man bashing.  The Doctor was recently female.  They could have drawn on those experiences to create a narrative of how we all bring something different to the table and we are better when we work together.  Instead they chose to stoke the embers of hate.
I think the coffee maker would be moved and or the tardis will have a better security measure so that coffee can’t be spilled on the tardis  controls again
It's been almost 24 hours since it premiered and I have a bit of a thought about the "letting it go" part.  When the Doctor had to erase Donna's memories of him in order to save her from the metacrisis, the fact that a few trigger words reactivated it shows that it was still really there, just asleep.  That was also showed in "End of Time" when she was able to knock out copies of The Master with that energy blast, that the metacrisis was still there, just inactive. So what if the DoctorDonna had been working on it, while asleep, for 15 years?  I mean, the Doctor thinks it's okay, that she's safe.  He thinks she's done and that they'll never travel again, but here she is, secretly working on it while the metacrisis is inactive.  This means that, when she and Rose "gave it up," it had been the full working of it over the past 15 years.
I feel as if the biggest difference between the tenth and fourteenth is that the tenth was the character of the doctor mixed with David, while fourteen is still the character mixed with David, David has lived so much more life and evolved so much, that he is a different person in some ways, and the doctor has also lived a lot more life and changed, so it truly fits amazingly
it is all disney after all, next he will have a light saber
I didn't have a problem with the sonic 'drawing" a screen, it seems eminently logical that it could basically create what comes across as a remote terminal to the TARDIS. Call it a hotspot.
Doctor Woke, absolutely terrible episode. Tennent was brought in to save the show not kill it.
If a Sonic can disable a Dalek's weapons and reveal intergalactic beings behind forcefields or masking...as well as what it did for and to River.. It being able to create a temporary forcefield seems like that'd be one of it's least uncommon capabilities.  It's technology also evolves with The Doctor, and The Doctor not having it be able/capable to protect them or their friends in some way in case of emergency wouldn't be very Doctor-like.  25:35 "Murray Gold is *black*, baby!!"
I would  add a down for Donnas Death scene only due to that fact that they spoilt it with their trailers for the anniversary specials, i couldn't fully commit to it as i knew from their own video release that the scene where the Tardis had run away hadn't happened yet.
This was a reminder of what RTD writes really well: humanity. Oh, don't get me wrong. He can do aliens, and demons, and reality threatening story arcs, but what he writes best, is people. Especially mother/child relationships. Whatever the series, whoever the characters, what RTD does exceptionally well is real, nuanced, relatable characters, and I love him for it.
I was smiling so hard when david was running like a child all around the new tardis, the design is SO COOL and I love it so much, and having him showcase it all by running around was probably the best decision they could have made
I thought the episode was mainly “sideways”. It was a very run-of-the-mill-apparently-friendly-alien-turns-out-to-be-evil episode.
Yeah, the sonic getting a such a huge upgrade seemed off to me as it seemed like plot armor. It was a little too convenient. Great episode overall. The meep reveal was interesting. The code to bring Donna back to her previous self was interesting. I was wondering how he was going to undo it, if he needed to.   The Donna thing was a surprising twist but it kind of makes sense that the Metacrisis is partially passed down. However, if the energy could have been released that easily the whole time then what was the point of the memory erasure? That seems like a big plot hole. Also,  the commentary about a female time lord being able to do something a male time lord wasn't seemed like an unnecessary thing to have in.
But can the sonic do wood? They were working on it (WarDoctor, 10th and 11th. But then Clara just opened the door.
Its too much for hope for but wouldn't it be fitting if The Ood  made an appearance to find "The Doctor Donna" in the last episode
Was the whole point of the scene where Donna and Rose release the metacrisis energy just so they could do a Frozen reference? Donna literally said "Let it go"
Oh 100% Doctor who is back, but i include the Moffat era as very good doctor who. It's   just the Chibnal era where for the most part took a nosedive
I agree with the sonic screwdriver. For the screen bit, I feel they could’ve even had it so that he put the sonic on the ground and it projects a hologram and that would’ve made more sense. Drawing a screen in mid air immediately gave me an ‘oh I don’t like that’ reaction I can’t lie :/
That was woke garbage. Trans stuff I don't care about, but the misandry was everywhere that was annoying. The binary none binary stuff was cringy and a huge disappointment. Why did he even awaken the doctor donna? Is the male doctor that incompetent?
I guess his grunge phase is over.  If you don’t know what I am talking about watch the 50th.
I kind of hope that the tardis room doesnt get completely redesigned, but I think a couple changes because of it being blown up would be quite fun and interesting for continuity.
Always a down for Donna being in an episode. But i agree with the idea of a "what" dinking game. I will be lining up the amaretto shots for next sat.
One point and theory of mine beyond the whole “binary binary” is that two hearts were needed to manage the “Doctor” part of Doctor Donna which human Donna just couldn’t manage by herself only at this point with her child. So the ability to then let go of power required not just Donna but Rose as well. Thoughts?
I was okay with him making a screen with the sonic screwdriver. I thought that was cool, but the force field (although also very cool) was too over-powered.
"Anyone else want to push all of those buttons?" I was too busy with my bubble wrap.
I completely disagree with pretty much everything you said. This was nothing more than a better written, acted, and directed Chibnall episode. It actually contained more of the woke topics that tanked the Chibnall run, the only difference is that you weren't beaten over the head with it. This was a solid 7 out to 10.
Best episode since heaven sent in my opinion 🎉 felt like it was 2009 again😅
I have not seen your videos before- surprising because I am a huge fan of the show and my dad was in in it many years ago- but everything you have said in this is absolutely spot on! Really good job!
It was an okay episode but it is certainly no classic.
I agree about the sonic 100%, but is the sonic Shield not just a better version of what the War, 10th, and 11th Doctors did to that Dalek before coming through the painting into the Black Archive?
I think my three dislikes of the episode. The Sonic being more op, the cracks in the streets just convenience magically reversed with no signs of the damage(feels a bit too convenient) and finally the two jabs at the Doctor not understanding for being a man with the pronouns with Meep and the binary scene at the end.
YES! I’m in complete agreement with you at time index 9:06 regarding the Down of the “super sonic abilities all of a sudden”. They’re going a bit too far with how the Sonic Screwdriver is used.
I for some reason seem to remember River and the Doctor catching up with each other using their books, and referring to Beep the Meep. Yet I can't seem to find the scene I'm thinking of. Maybe I'm just thinking of Jim the Fish?
I honestly think they did David a lil dirty here there was soo many lines being said left and right that just made me think wow guess it’s not a 10/10 special
I agree with the 2nd negative and reacted the same way with the new capabilities of the sonic screwdriver.
Was anyone else expecting to see the tardis close to the taxi? Nope just me as a nod to the time the doctor landed close to donnas car in one episode
13:10 no no down it again, it's the usual deus ex machine moment RTD pulls which brings the whole Dr.Who cannon down
The whole part about having friends and coming back to see them felt so dismissive of Matt Smiths doctors relationship w Amy & Rory .. I get this is this particular doctor but he has already been w Amy & Rory! Please do not act like he did not already learn that!!
Down: This is supposed to be the “Freshly Regenerated” episode similar to Christmas Invasion, but no mention of any 15 hour regeneration cycle or fuzzy thinking or anything like that.
WHEN will this hideous woke message sending end WE ARE SICK OF IT
Wonderful review/summation. Articulate and embracing.
The sonic screwdriver can do anything... except work with wood, of course.
No spoilers from me, Sweetie. I promise.
Ellie, your joy and wonder, plus your calling back to your childhood watching this pairing was incredibly adorable. It took me back to my youth, when I was a boy growing up with Doctor Who. That joy you feel every time it returns. For those of you that didn’t endure the wilderness years of the 90’s - embrace this joyous feeling. Long may it continue.
Love your enthusiasm although I don't necessarily agree with your ups being ups and your downs actually being downs.  But this episode brought me to tears with it's portrayal of Rose and most importantly the Meep.    It shone light on my relationship with my estranged daughter, who's actually a mix of both 'Rose' and the meep... and finally  understood that she's just a little batch playing the cute, innocent victim while actually killing and murdering everyone around her.  Subbed, love your channel!
Totally agree about the "Sonic ex machina" issue -- makes me think about the War Doctor's reaction to 10 & 11 pointing theirs at people and him being all "it's a *screwdriver*".  My biggest concerns are some "plot gaps" -- things that got glossed over (when did The Doctor introduce himself to Shirley Anne Bingham? They just suddenly are talking like they know each other.  And how do all these people know about the Doctor's most recent incarnations?).  I also thought the opening "intros" were a bit redundant as most of that information gets repeated later on -- it almost felt like maybe BBC or Disney asked for them to be tacked on for new viewers and I agree that it would have been better to do that in a separate trailer/preview.  Overall, though, my biggest complaint was that it was too short.  I was hoping for longer specials.
Don’t worry, Ellie, the spelling “Davies” is not pronounced like “Davis” hear in the U.S. So, those of us on this side of the pond were fine when you said it properly. 😉
Disagree with your 1 down. I appreciated the update.
My only additional down would be the very blatant and very very unnecessary deadnaming of Rose. Usually RTD is good with this subject matter, but that was poorly done
Tbh,u did The Meep really good lol!!it was spot on,....and cute☺️
Fantastic episode! The Tardis interior creeped me out however.  Looks Dalek-ish. Ramps and round doors.  🤔 It felt like i was watching season 4. So awesome to see The Doctor and Donna back together again. Ive already watched it 6 times.  ✌️❤️🙂
Agree with nearly all of your downs. First "super use" of the Sonic immediately reminded me of Tony Stark's lab. Didn't much care for it being able to materialize the shields, either.  And the end where Donna and Rose just "let it go" was very reminiscent of Glinda telling Dorothy she always had the power to go home after the team had been through hell. Seriously? But maybe it was their combined power that made them realize it could be done. Whatever, I can overlook it. The entire episode was so well worth the wait. Loved Sean and how mellow he was. (He'd have to be, right, as a balance to Donna's intensity? How else would they have made it together all this time. At first I didn't catch the meaning of "binary" beyond the connection of Rose and her mother. Your explanation of how it also connected Rose and Rose and The Doctors and Donna made me appreciate it so much more. Loved it through and through and couldn't wait for your review!
The woke/sexism thing was a complete down. It really got on my nerves. It took the episode down on the whole for me. It was good overall, but that really took me out of it.
I loved it. Only problem was the "let it go" scene, which didn't make any sense and was too convenient. I'm female myself.
Am I the only one that gets Mothman vibes from the Routh?
Pronoun bs, misandry, sexism. Yup. Off to a good start. Good job RTD. You are making Chinball proud. Nope, that force feeding of your political views was not disgusting at all. We all loved it so much.  Other than that, the episode was mediocre at best. Hopefully the next will be better.  Seriously the only good things in this episode were David and Catherine.  And they are going to need a massage after all the heavy lifting. Honestly if it were not for those two, the episode would have been total garbage.
Dear lord, this was a fun watch!  There were so many references in this show, it was so difficult to find them all.
It just isnt doctor who, making binary, which meant computer code back then into a gender thing and thats how donna survives, its just garbage righting to pander to a demographic. All for trans rights, but it was just a cop out
How do you know it’s The Doctor’s favorite face? I’ll call him she when he’s a she and he when he’s a he just saying
9:37 respectfully disagree as from the viewpoint of younger fans (and a multibillion year universe) the advancement of sonic screwdriver tech would be downloadable from future Gallifrean scientists to the Doctor that saved them countless times over the centuries.  It is beyond the capabilities of we prehistoric humans to understand Gallifreyan technology. 😎👽
I'm not a fan of the binary thing. The meaning of it was talking about computers as they use binary to function and they twisted it 15 years to be about gender
I've seen in some comments that they say that the scene where Donna and Rose just let go of the meta crisis because they are women and that the fact that they say that a man couldn't do it is sexist towards men and women, as well as the reasons why they say that and I agree. I also think is quinda anticlimatic after Donna had to leave the Tardis fifteen years ago. But, and this is important, I think that Russel T Davies put that whole explanation about Donna and Rose sharing the meta crisis as a reference to another Doctor Who story.
I know how you feel about your childhood returning. When I heard Tom Baker's voice in the 50th...he was my first Doctor when I was a kid. Wrap that feeling around you.
I couldn’t have said it better “ Dr Who is Back!”  Wooo Who!!!! And yes I jumped to me very and bounced around the house like a 5 year old stabbing those very words!
You should do Doctor Who retro ups and downs.
I thought it was fantastic up until they brought up pronouns and binary/non binary. Please RTD, leave that shit at the door and just write good Dr Who episodes.
PS: The Tardis design is way cool, but I am not digging the white. I loved the chaos of Smith's first Tardis.
The TARDIS looks horrible.  There’s nothing to it.  No charm.  I, of course, like the 12th Doctor’s TARDIS.
I found it a bit confusing when donna and her mum were talking that her kid was trans, i just thought jason was like a middle name or something with the way donna says a person can have more than one name.
The whole pronoun thing wit the Meep? Why? Was it really necessary? No. But in today's society, plus with Disney involved they put it in there, and it was a big blemish on the whole thing. The same goes for making Rose trans. Why?
BBC/Dr Who: Meep with feline characteristics vs. Disney/Marvel: Flerkins, interdimensional felines. Makes you think, in 2022/2023 was there ever a discussion on, hey what if we put Flerkins in Dr. Who ... bridging MCU/DW.
I like the new TARDIS interior, but it was weirdly conflicting for my eyes. Having it purely white and grey made it feel like an old black and white episode where the Doctor and Donna felt really out of place in the scene, and it felt a bit too clean and high sci-fi, but then the central console felt like it was ripped straight out of classic Who. I think it could have done with just one colour to accent things; when they turned the lights to different colours that helped, but it could do with a splash of paint here and there to bring more colour to the room in general.  Also how the heck is it one of the most advanced machines in the universe and it's not even a little bit waterproof? XD
I don't think I had a problem with the sonic screwdriver making a screen......but I did have a problem with the screen persisting AFTER he turned the screwdriver off.  I think that's what throws off this new feature.  As for the screwdriver making a "guard wall"...eh.....again persistence after usage doesn't fly with me. unless it has a 3D printer built in with an unlimited supply of materials LOL  As for donna and Rose letting go of their Doctor abilities.....I think this might hearken back to Christopher Eccleston days when Rose took the time vortex into her.  He could manipulate it like that.  As to why Donna didn't do that back in 2008?  Well we needed an end to her story at that point in time.  Just a theory.
It was good to see E1 overnight and shed tears many times over the cast, RTD2’s involvement and getting back to family hour on Saturdays instead of those dreadful Sunday evening broadcasts during the COVID seasons.  😎
The meta crisis was so meta that Donna and Rose knew about the 10th Doctor’s last words, and they knew everything, and he knew nothing, because women. Bravo Russel T. Davies.
Oh, thank goodness we have someone back in charge who knows how to write a proper script. The elements all fit together perfectly, and it was a fantastic episode.  It's just a shame Jodie didn't have writers of Russell T Davies’s caliber. Makes me really excited for Ncuti Gatwa's time as the doctor if stories this good continue to be told.
I think you meant to say Noble Temple 😊
With all I saw and all you've mentioned, I still think that "non-intervening" Disney intervened, and some of the original Who magic was lost in cheap, easy, 2-dimensional "solutions".
Too many cringey woke lines. Other than that, pretty good.
and not forgetting Katherine Tate she was AMAZING as always.. i did think Meep maybe a bit Cringe, but it turned out so well in the end,  so yes shock horror and Yikes i luv'd it and would i watch this again.. Yes
Only bit I didn’t like was the forced woke crap. It was so out of place. Forced and could have been done much better.
Down for me is that there's no explanation of where his new sonic screwdriver came from. Usually, with a new regeneration, we get scenes where the Doctor either receives a new one from the Tardis, or builds one from scratch, etc. There's a bit of inclusion of the reason for it being the way it is, what the new Doctor wants from it, etc. Even just the scene of the Doctor getting the new sonic and drooling over it, oooh that's a beauty, I can't wait to use this... It's a lovely part of the transition into the new Doctor, it's so highly tied to their character etc. And we didn't get that.   In fact we don't know how long it's been since he regenerated. It can't have been very long, since the Tardis hadn't reconfigured its interior yet. So that makes us assume he regenerated, popped inside, went to earth, landed in the market near Donna. So when would he have gotten the sonic?  If more time has actually passed, if he had some other adventure first (another commenter said something about a comic showing he got the sonic from daleks before coming to earth) then why would the Tardis not have already redecorated itself?   Whether or not the new sonic's capabilities make sense, whether or not we like the new sonic -- I just miss that we didn't get an Origin Story for it like we usually do. :(
Thank you Yasmin for being you and for the amazing representation. Much love and success. 🙏🇬🇧❣️🏳️‍🌈🏳️‍🌈❣️
I appreciate that the sonic shields were show to create and move otherwise it would have way too convenient a feature. I’m not sure I like it was in there at all but at least it’s not op.
There was a couple things I didn't like (which I'm sure people will be raging about for entirely different reasons) when it came to how they handled the diversity.   Towards the start of the episode, they did brilliant with Rose, and Sylvia accidentally misgendering her was a very realistic moment that I, as a trans person, have experienced plenty of times. It was nice to see how accepting Donna is of her daughter and how Sylvia is clearly trying even if she slips up occasionally.  However, there were a few moments that I felt went a bit too far and made me cringe a little. The "you just assumed he as a pronoun!" bit feels less like something a trans person would say in that situation, and more like what transphobes joke about to mock us. I liked the Doctor's response, but then being followed by "my preferred pronouns are __!" felt a bit too much like a parody.  Then later on having the whole "binary" "non-binary" thing where she's badly pasted over Donna was quite unintentionally funny to me cause of how silly it felt. But then to have "Rose is trans/non-binary because space magic!" felt a bit invalidating to non-binary people. Like she's not non-binary just because that's who she is, she's that way because she's half Doctor and half Donna. It personally didn't sit right with me. And then when she loses the metacrisis and is like "I can finally be me", I can't help but wonder what that even means. Is she no longer non-binary? It's almost posed as her being gender confused and they "fixed" it by getting rid of the thing that made her non-binary, but then nothing actually changes so I'm left wondering what difference it actually made.  Finally, there was the speech from Rose and Donna at the end that felt a bit like reverse sexism essentially amounting to "you're a man so you wouldn't get it!" even though he was literally *just* a woman and it's the same person. If anything the doctor is non-binary, genderfluid, or agender because of their ability to regenerate. And the idea of "if you were still presenting female you'd understand!" just doesn't make a lot of sense when, again, it's the same person with the same memories and experience. And what is this thing that a man couldn't possibly understand? Letting go. That's just a character trait that has nothing to do with gender and yet is being stereotyped as "men can't let things go".  Now, despite these little gripes, there was a lot to love. I think Rose was for the most part a great character. I liked that Major Singh got to wear a turban when everyone else was wearing helmets, obviously Donna's husband was black and Rose mixed-race, Shirley was great disabled representation, and with RTD being openly gay it gives a much better perspective on representation as a whole. Mad respect to RTD for just openly and plainly showing Doctor Who's stance on equality in a time where people will get very upset about it.
This episode was too preachy, which is worrying considering this episode was supposed to set the stage for the "comeback" of Dr Who. Sounds like it's going to be more of the same.
8:47 I was expecting a raspy deep voice for the Wrarth. The politeness threw me off. Also I will forever say it like y’all do 😂
I agree with you about the whole sonic screwdriver and the capabilities there in I don't like the idea that he can just make a wall that way it is so very Disney.
The actor who plays Wilf and the character will forever be in our hearts even if he may be in one of the future episodes he died shortly thereafter the (actor did)... He will forever be in our hearts for the character of Wilf.
up to the community for being so open minded to how this episode was written, was so scared that id love the episode go online and it would be a massive battle ground of, woke/not my doctor. seems to happen to so many shows i enjoy. its an amazing show and so glad the community can enjoy it for the silly, goofy show it is.   special 2 and 3 lets goooo. please have more of the new tardas and more dona and doctor quiet moments. and they better make it back to donas grandad
Enjoyed the episode but for me donna living was a massive down. It felt like a cop out and she sgould 100% definitely have died. Donna was always one of the weakest companions too anyway
What episode is the fourth doctor court wig image from?
The sonic was OP before, but now, damn. Yea, that's a down.
I hate to say it, but I don’t think I like the new TARDIS. That was my initial reaction. If it sticks around, maybe it will grow on me. For perspective, I’m old, Jon Pertwee is my first Doctor.   I also think that the explosions were a bit much for a coffee spill.   Aside from that, I would mostly agree with your ups and downs. Campy is GOOD!!!
Equally as poorly written as it was put together. As “woke” as this episode was, the pacing was the thing that ruined it for me because everything happened way to quickly without any emotional buildup. What a shame.
I think they did add some woke stuff, there was a few girl power stuff, and the pronouns stuff for the meet (that felt a bit like a joke tho, since it said he just was a "meet"), except for that, I do think it was cool.
You have no understanding of Dr Who culture or cannon. A typical example of someone who can only relate to something when it relates to their time period of being alive and pays no respect or adherence to what has gone before.
It proved that better effects don't guarantee better stories. It was everything that turned me off RTD's later work. Eastenders In Space 🙂
i was pleasantly surprised and i actually enjoyed it.. Tennant as an Actor is faultless especially in Jessica Jones he was off the scale due to his superiority.. but the Fandom and their Reviews will be so funny
6:24 cringe all cringe.
I didn't really like how they handled the doctor Donna situation. However the doctor and Donna being reunited is just amazing...  David tennant running around the new tardis like a child at Chrismas... amazing
I do have the weaponized wheelchair as somebody who is more often than not in a chair but it's currently my chair is busted so I walk even though I  am an incomplete quadriplegic which means like she can put her one leg on top of the other I can pretty much walk very difficultly and it's considered very dangerous for me to do so because at any moment I can get a twinge in my neck that tells me I've got a few seconds before I'll be on the floor. And I don't have very good use of my hands either which means the like right now I have no choice but to use voice to text which isn't always great as you can see if you can make heads or tails out of what I've just tried to write using this.  About time they had some some non  able bodied people there I like the fact that she tells them forget about me get up there and see what's going on up in that rocket ship she can still do the job even though she's not physically able to get up the stairs and that's a good thing I'm surprised they didn't put some kind of hovercraft ability or something similar to climb up all those stairs but in a way I'm glad they didn't they kept the money where it needs to be which is in the tools of the trade the weaponry etc.
I agree with Ellie on the 2nd Down. The sonic being able to draw in the air was a bit much.  I thought they would do something with Wilf, too, because IMDb had him on the cast list. That was a bit confusing.
It's interesting being a bus driver in Cardiff and recognizing many of the places in the show.
Here's the thing about 'you can come visit, you can have friends' bit that didn't settle with me- The Doctor had to move heaven and earth to get this old face back. What about when they're someone new? Dealing with a new face, a new person isn't fun for most companions, and facing old friends isn't easy on the Doctor. It's a nice notion, but I think they both know it's not practical. We've had so much DW content showing us specifically why.
Ellie, you need a Whoculture equivelent of Sean's "Latinum Up" and "Trellium Down". Just not sure what they would be.  Oh, and an UP to Youtube for not putting the ads in the middle of a sentence for once.
I totally understand the criticism about the Sonic’s new abilities. I totally missed the comparison to the hologram screens they have on modern Trek now. What I will say is that I think it probably works better this way rather than what they did previously. We had, for example, Matt scanning something and then looking at the top or the side of the Sonic all excitedly, saying something like “Ooh! The squiggles are tranvectorfying!” or something like that.😂But, now we can actually see it.
I fully enjoyed the special but it does feel rushed only being 58 minutes long I also like how they addressed Yazmin being trans in the episode by doing it more hybrid style where it’s left up to interpretation instead of flat out telling us rose is trans or not like with the hybrid and not telling us that it’s the doctor cause he is half human on his mother’s side but I will agree what the sonic could do in the episode was a bit of a stretch cause it’s not a lantern ring that can conjure up constructs from a lantern’s mind can making a Star Wars like hologram screen that actually works and a bat-shield it’s like come on also the doctor even though it had been a long time for us should have still been in the regeneration period right after regenerating and he seemed settled in the regeneration which is kinda odd that we are not getting that post regeneration wonkiness making it feel like it’s not a real regeneration which is the way I would do it where we go back to Jodie even if it’s a stand in for her from power of the doctor at the end of the giggle and let Ncuti Gatwa appear from her cause David is a great actor but the show doesn’t need to be revolving around him and having Ncuti regenerate from David undercuts him cause people could be like why can’t we just have more of this doctor and tune out
Thank you for this, Miss Ellie. I look forward to the Easter egg video.
The new Doctor Who made me want to puke. David's time was over, let it go. Wow, Donna and this bloke had a really tall thin daughter. Oh wait, that's a dude. Too bad Grampa died sad, let's go back and change the past, nothing will go wrong. After all we have The "real" Doctor back...Crash, surprise, no idea what's going on...the end. Pretty terrible besides the nostalgia of the Doctor Donna combo.
Can someone explain how the 13th Doctor’s clothes changed after regenerating?
The Wrarth were very 'Douglas Adams' IMHO, and I really want to see more of them
Really? Remember those perception filter keys from series 3? Maybe he adapted one to shield a person. Like him.
Ridiculous wokeism! Doctor Who has a terminal illness and it's sad. Just watch the viewing figures plummet!
I both agree and disagree with Ellie on the sonic screwdriver here. I like the screen, I thought it was an interesting way to represent the data taking and calculation abilities of the sonic because throughout the show the doctor uses the sonic as an all purpose scanner and super computer. But we never actually see the sonic work. The doctor just says what the sonic told him. And I’ve always interpreted it as a psychic interface situation. But whenever Matt smith just looked into the opening of his sonic as if he was reading it from there seemed silly to me. I just don’t like the force field part. I feel like that pushes the limits of the sonic a bit. Because any device that serves the purpose of the sonic would believably be able to create some kind of UI but the force field is pushing it. I would’ve liked it better if it was a random gadget the doctor had collected at some point or had jury rigged out of a tv or something.
I still don't understand why The Doctor didn't remember the Meeps. He literally encountered them in his 4th incarnation. Like, he enters Donna's house, sees it and doesn't immediately go "Everyone away from that thing!"
The fingers are not too to those found on certain rodent like creatures such as moles and even some kinds of rats...
It worries me that everything I liked about the episode wasn't created for the episode (well apart from the Tardis interior). I loved seeing DT back as the Doctor and he stole every scene. I liked the Meep story but felt that the sonic screwdriver was well and truly used as a magic wand. The woke messaging was ladled on far too thickly. I liked the idea of the meta crisis being shared but thought the way it was resolved was both lazy and anticlimactic.
I am a religious trek culture watcher and have been a lifelong who fan (Tom baker was my doctor but DT and KT are simply the best onscreen pair of all time imho). So excited to only now realize there are ups and down vids on this channel too! This discovery is all I need for Christmas this year ha ha. Also love this presenter - so genuine. You all lucked out with her and Sean F (and the rest whose names I can’t remember rn but you are all great!)
You forgot where the Metacrisis stuff hit Shirley Anne Bingham. This might be the "event" that kicks off the UNIT spin-off that I've been hearing about. Also, I want to see more of Major Singh as he is a visually interesting character as well as has a good head for strategy and tactics.
Miep toys for Christmas
I love the new inside of the tardis! So great!
One very serious question, tho - do you think Ncuti Gatwa will get anything new and different?  They went to such trouble making a new sonic, and new set, and a new title sequence for Tennant - will NCuti Gatwa get anything new, or just inherit all the now not-so-new stuff?  In fairness, it's a sort of inverse of Tennant's entry to the series, actually - he came on after only a year, and kept the same TARDIS set, the same Sonic (save for a small color change) and the same credit sequence. It was only with Matt Smith that the tradition of replacing everything got started.
New sonic screwdriver design is gorgeous but the super abilities bothered me too. Creates too many plot holes in future episodes when those abilities aren't used.
Captain Jack is what Rose should've been.
I loved the new functions of the sonic screwdriver! In this case it was informational and defense, perfect for Doctor Who! Thanks for this video!
A lot of people seem to be talking around the 'letting go' problem. It's quite straightforward. It is not a sci-fiction solution. It's wish fulfillment of gender based writing. The Doctor is a man so doesn't understand and has to be told that women do understand. However Rose and the Doctor are non-binary (yet doesn't understand) and that's somehow the thing makes a time lord and human brain compatible. The compatibility was not something scientific like an understanding of infinite time and space, maybe. If the solution seems too easy because it is wish fulfilment rather than science fiction.
I absolutely agree with the magic wand sonic screwdriver. It's like they're moving away from when the Doctor would scan something and then push up or flick the screwdriver and then look at it or listen to it. I always loved not knowing how the Doctor could understand what the sonic was showing. Kinda bugs me, and that goes for the whole wall thing as well
I looked at it like the sonic got a new 3D printer function.
I have always said that Donna was the doctors twin or kid sister whichever you prefer, she's always kind of come off like she's a sister in so many ways, here's only one example her not just giving the doctor's female clone Jenny a name but then trying to explain to him how she is so his daughter, in a way in the only way in fact that the doctor could grasp that... In fact throughout the episode she really does come off like a sibling.
As for the sonic screwdriver, maybe if there had been a scene of him getting it and mentioning that the tardis is confused and incorporated the master's laser screwdriver for some crazy reason. Something to explain new capabilities.
I really did appreciate the way they naturally brought up the gender stuff, when it naturally fit in.  But to me, the small "preferred pronoun" part of the conversation felt forced. It's like they had a quota to use those particular words somewhere in the episode. Meep could have just said "I am just the meep" with the same effect, without it feeling forced
The new console room really os stunning - probably my second favorite, following the McGann interior. And Donna goes and spills, of all things, coffee on it instead of tea. Explains why the TARDIS broke. Dont get me wrong, I love coffee. But the Doctor loves tea and therefore so does the TARDIS,
😍😍💙💙🌌🌌
I feel like if theyd explained how the sonic got these abilities, or how the doctor learned to use them, it would've read better as a whole
The episode is mostly an up for me too, with one big down: it didn't feel like an anniversary special, it felt like a regular episode of Doctor Who. It just didn't seem "big" enough to be a special, and there wasn't some grand beginning with a satisfying climactic conclusion. I know we're getting three "specials" but I hope the next two feel much more grand than this one did. Oh, and as for the people decrying the "woke" stuff, go back and watch RTD 1 episodes. It was always there, you just missed it or blocked it out.
I loved 14's saying "I loved her" about Donna and "I loved him" about Wilf, then just accepting his own emotional growth through his 13th incarnation with "Oh, I guess we're doing that now."
The sonic is capable of anything, except wood. There’s still no wood setting
For me it was the fact that they came up with a way not to kill Donna of.
Wonder if the doctor keeps a perception filter on hand for those random sneaky moments
3:38 I just realized that his whole 'silly grin, gadding about' thing is SO Thirteen. I can absolutely picture Jodie Whittaker's doctor acting like that. Brilliant!
Me - Why do we need a recap?  Donna was just on the show in ... Oh god, it's been 15 years.
Overall I liked the episode, but I did have a few problems with it.   Felt like the recap could have been handled better like with the Doctor & Donna talking to someone rather than a 4th wall break. I was not a massive fan of the Rose name thing as it felt like beating a dead horse. I didn’t like the random sonic shields. I’m fine with using preferred pronouns but the scene where Rose corrects the Doctor on assuming the Meep’s pronouns made me roll my eyes. I didn’t like how they resolved the meta-crisis so easily or the sexist reasoning. I didn’t like how it was said Rose was transgender because of the meta-crisis and after “letting it go” they were happy because they could finally be themselves. This made it sound like being transgender is unnatural and that getting rid of the meta-crisis might have made them… “cisgendered”. I don’t think this is what they meant but it just came off weird. I still liked the episode but definitely a few missteps in my mind.
I want to say how disappointed I am. what did I watch? Is there even a story? How did the Sonic screwdriver make a wall? This is destroying a line that has a long history.  Further, Doctor was not even a second afraid Donna would remember him, while he loved her dearly. As reflected, if he knows it is not sudden seeing and remembering, it is a long process of reminding. So why have the doctor and fans suffered for years? The doctor could always get cross with Donna in the street and ask how she was doing?!? Furthermore, how awful the monsters were. You know, as we fans always tell people, okay, in the first seasons of DW, CGI was not that good because of the budget, and because it is an old series. However, with a great storyline, you won't be bothered by this. and now it is just opposed with great chances horrible monster ideas, ı dont even feel for irony and trick of the monsters... Sjw, it was rub em in the face... and everyone knows a good story shold not choose to do this, because it causes eroison in the story; people never felt the characters. It was the same for me. I made this long comment because I love DW, and I want it to be good again. I thought RTD would do that because I was impressed with his talent in DW. Why I Get so mad; it is just damaging the history of the characters...
Somewhat underwhelming. Fantastic to see the duo back again but lazy and predictably overwoke  at the expense of decently drawn characters and ultimately fairly lazy and ordinary writing. Some pretty good throwaway lines delivered with Panache but Doctor Who needs more than that if it’s to thrive
I felt like the Doctor's glee running around the new Tardis was very Jodie Whittaker -- the wide eyed wonder and joy. It seemed like another nice nod to what had come before. I mean, it was actually RIGHT before, so seeing some of her Doctor felt right. Great reaction! Thank you.
My favorite part was the pronouns.  No way we could have good writing with out this garbage.
It was just too short.  There wasn't enough time to let the story develop.
Given there are likely to be brand new viewers with the show going worldwide I'd say it was necessary to do the explanation in the show rather than in a trailer or a promo. You shouldn't need to read tie in media, or have seen promos to know what's going on.
First an up for the way Sylvia was used in this episode because by the end of RTD's run, she had just begun the redemption arc for her. To come back and see tht she's been right by her daughter's side the whole time money or not, heartwarming.  Now on to the eh we'll give it up... its something that could have very much been played throughout the enxt two episodes and the resolution itself a bit on the nose, but hear me out here.  Some people out there, who aren't sci fi and doctor who fans in general that might have gotten pulled along to watch because this is so epic, they need a club to the face or they won't pay attention to the message.  So while it may have felt flat to us following along and long time whovians, this was a direct shot across the bow to the people in the UK who need to hear the message, LOUD AND PROUD.  And when I look at it through that lens? The metacrises energy didn't just go off nowhere, that energy transubstantiated into the real world to work its magic on the people. That was energy sent directly from the tube and down through time. This is who we are, this is what staves off the dark, this goes out to you, this whole episode, so over time and re-watch, you learn something. You'll keep coming back trying to discuss it, saying, well that was lackluster or what not... and then someone like me will come along and raise their hand and say what I'm saying... and then they'll have to think....  And I think that's a brilliant use of regeneration energy, don't you think?
Feels like doctor who again. Glad to have RTD back
I got literally actual chills again when the new tardis just came on the screen and ive already watched the episode twice, unleashed, and the behing the scenes video on doctor who official you tube channel!
12:30
If youre mad about the sexism...let it go?
I'm staying away from the whole "gender identity" subject.  I'm just going to watch the shows as I can.
What I hate is how they think that to empower women you have to put down men. Although, I suppose that falls in line with Donna's character
Luckily, David implied that the Tardis interior is gonna still be used for Ncuti's tenure in a commentary
OMG OMG OMG! No one is going to want to watch Ncuti Gatwa after seeing this. RTD delivers!
Yeah the sexism was kinda sad…. as a “male” my whole life I genuinely feel like doctor who isn’t for me anymore. Loved everything else but man that jab at men like that should have anything to do with the Doctor is just ridiculous.
A 7/10 Russell T Davies story knocked down to a 4 for the UNBEARABLE levels of woke and pandering
That TARDIS... I want that to be the Tardis until 2033
My take with the sonic screwdriver abilities is I think at this point it can do too much but it's kind of a bit in the show by this point being able to fix barbed wire, scan DNA, make screens, open doors and blow stuff up
Not happy just because something is made doesn't mean you have to like it , some good things in episode and some bloody awful I am not going to pick it apart but not going to watch again sad was looking forward too it but if this is the way it is going to be in future episodes , I may give them a miss.
You missed a really funny gag which I thought deserved mention.   Doctor pulls out psychic paper, and says 'Grand Master of the Knowledge' (whatever that means). Shawn says "That says 'Grand Mistress'." So the Doctor shakes it and says, "keep up!"  I found that funny, because he was a woman in the last episode.
I had an up for Murray Gold writing in the popular theme’s of previous incarnations. I caught Shepard’s Boy and I Am The Doctor on my first watch through
nah wilf should have been dead, the actor is dead and it would have been better in my opinion to have had the character be dead as well.
Now we have a reason for the Doctor Who/Star Trek crossover event.... The Meep meets the Moopsy!
Another UP could be the parallel between this episode and The End of Time part 2 in that once again the Doctor is stuck on the other side of a glass partition from a Noble family member and has to make a sacrifice in order to save the day.
I love when Sylvia slaps the doctor, both a funny call back and a showing of how much she's willing to protect her daughter.
Fully fully agree with the sonic. Prefer it being a tool to help problem solving not the full problem solve
The Doctor can do more with his screwdriver than Harry can do with his wand.
on the "letting go" issue.... I think it works because sometimes you can worry about a problem so much that you fail to realize just how easy it is to solve.
If there hadn't been story credit, there would've been union trouble, I'm sure...  ;-P  A total CYA move, nothing altruistic about it...
I agree I didn’t love how the solution to a alien shoot out was magical moving force shields from a sonic screw driver that’s never done that before
An unexpectedly epic and enjoyable episode  that managed to cater to life long fans like me but also newbies.    Could not be happier.    I am particularly keen to see Burt because he looks exactly like my father ( and has similar character/background).  My father died in 1997 and Bernard Cribbins worked with my dad  - so it will be poignant  to see Burt for a last time.   Great episode.
I think the recap was actually very good and important for new viewers, it’s the first episode my daughter has ever seen (she loved it obviously) but it would have made little sense to new viewers without it and it’s clearly going for a massive push not just for faithful fans but to get the next generation of fans on board
Is no one gonna mention how damn woke certain parts are. Loved the whole episode and the way they first addressed the trans actor. But all of it after that point was so forced with the pronouns and not being about to let go with a male representing role. It took away from the doctor and the doctor is the doctor no matter what
my first thought after the episode: this is LITERALLY LGBTQ+ for the win!
As for the new opening sequence: both the visuals and new version of the theme are great, but I was disappointed that they didn’t put David’s face in it. I realize that they were revamping  the original sequence, but they still could have found a way to include his face.
Yes, yes, yes, we've established you want it to look hokey. 😑 Oh, and janky as well. Not only hokey but also janky.
I really hope the beginning of next episode or somewhere within the next 2 episodes you see wilf looking up at the stars and thinking of the doctor just like he said he was going to do and just after he walks through the door with donna
The episode felt way too rushed, like it needed extra 30 minutes for the story to be more coherent. Maybe because of that it felt like everybody were just reading their lines and not acting - and I mean even actors like Tennant and Tate. That was a strange feeling. I couldn't help but thining that I'm watching a movie - no immersion, no chemistry, the overall story is super trivial. It just felt 'staged' in a bad way, plastic. And of course this bambardment with social commentary that ruines the immersion even more. Looks like authors think people are dummies that can understand something only if you spell it out for them. It's just so sad. It could've been done way more subtle.  It's not that I had very high expectations, but the way it truend out to be - it's not just passable, 'OK', it's simply bad, and that's disappoining.
Hail to the most high... oh, so the Meep has little person syndrome. You know, where a shorter person feels the need to be considered big?
I haven't taken the time to learn all of circular gallifreyan but is that what you use in your videos? I'm not surprised if that's a yes but at the same time not a whole lot of people would actually be able to read it so it's dedication much appreciated lol.
And while there was a shootout in a residential street between a secret military unit and giant aliens with glowing eyes, and cars blowing up, where were all the other residents? Had they been evacuated? The only one who seemed to notice was the geeky kid opposite.
it was trash, i hated ever second of it, and i want my wasted hour of time back
I feel like the things the sonic did in this episode would have been done sooner if they'd had the budget for it.
Dr Who was WONDERFUL! Love your comments Ellie! I had the same reaction as you can’t contain myself!
When he’s saying the words to unlock Donna, it’s exactly like the words the TARDIS uses to get Amy and Rory into the Control Room in “The Doctor’s Wife”.
The biggest thing here for me is that The Star Beast knew how to have fun. Frankly, I felt fun is something that was sorely missing for much of Chibnall’s era. So I’m thrilled to see where RTD takes the show next.  I do agree that the Metacrisis resolution felt a bit too easy. But then—I kind of figured that would happen. I expected RTD wouldn’t want to waste time in fixing Donna’s problem so she and the Doctor could get back to doing what they do best.   My only issue is that I’m not sure I understand why the idea of “letting go” was presented as a gendered issue. Did it mean letting go of power? I felt a little confused on that message—and I don’t say that in a mean spirited way. I’m genuinely interested in hearing other people’s interpretations of that, because as a woman who tends to be a bit over-analytical when it comes to how women are portrayed on screen, I’m still having a hard time deciding how to take that. Like as a premise, I enjoy the idea of Donna kind of taking her agency back and I like how it ties into Rose’s identity story. But the way it was executed still has me a bit conflicted even after watching it twice. Letting go in general has always been something the Doctor struggled with—but I never thought of it as having anything to do with the character being male-presenting.
Like I get the idea behind the joke but it kinda falls flat since the doctor was previously a women
I was stoked to see Yasmin Finney in Doctor Who and to see an out trans character, but uh, attributing said trans character's trans identity to the Doctor and it being some kind of "superpower" is not so great. This is not good representation, Russell.  Shirley was a so-so character, but the weapons in the wheelchair was so funny to me (and not in a good way.) I get that she's UNIT so her having a modified wheelchair to incorporate some sort of weaponry would be perfectly plausible, but coming off of RTD's comments on Davros and disability, I can't help but laugh. Instead of a complex villain who happens to use a mobility device because that's a part of his story, we've now got a girlboss who can shoot enemies from her wheels, because the *only* representation deemed worthy by RTD is when things like disability or gender aren't just normalised as immutable aspects of a character's identity, but rather when they're portrayed as super, duper special power sets!  Yes it's "othering" them, but it's progressive "othering", see?? Totally fine!!
Down, the amount of political correctness nearly ruined the show for me. Why does it have to be forced down our throats every 5 minutes. I watch Doctor Who because I love the show not to have political correctness forced upon me
about he sonic and its screens doesnet he always get one new feture with  A NEW regenaration
You are wrong about your “Down” on the opening recap.  This aired on Disney+ for the first time.  Potentially millions who have NEVER seen “Doctor Who” may have seen it for the first time.  They would have had absolutely no impetus to go to Social Media for a recap, nor should anyone ever be expected to have to resort to Social Media of all periahs on moderns society to find out what past the Doctor and Donna may have shared.  While the Sonic Screwdriver’s new capabilities surprised me at first, they make a logical sense.  The Sonic Screwdriver is built by Time Lord, a species that can MANIPULATE TIME!  The Sonic Screwdriver has evolved with each new Doctor.  In addition, given the expanded budget under Disney+, the ability to use effects that were out of the question before, makes absolute sense.  I knew Meep was going to a Big Bad and want to eat people from the first scene.  It was a narrative given. As was the free bug people being the good guys.  Russel T. Davies has done this many times.
Was I the only one that thought “Moopsie”, when we met Meep?
Reading the Comments here proves exactly why I stopped watching this show. This is not Sci Fi anymore. This is not even Doctor who. Should call it Doctor Identity Politics.
for me, with the sonic screwdriver's new HUD, I just put it in my headcanon that it always did that, but only The Doctor saw it because of augmentations he has. And now that the show has the budget, we the audience finally get to see what The Doctor has always seen.
The “something a male-presenting Time Lord could never understand,” line could’ve been fixed so easily. The 10th Doctor’s last line was, “I don’t want to go.” It’s established that this particular face had a hard time, “letting go.”   Furthermore, it doesn’t really make sense that the 14th Doctor, who was just a woman, would suddenly forget everything about what it’s like to be a woman; and also, it’s really not necessary to put down men to bring women up. That’s not what feminism is about.  I understand what the line was trying to say, but it comes off as more cringe than empowering.
I like the upgrades to the sonic screwdriver. We're 60 years in now: it's about time the Doctor significantly upgrades the thing.
I'm positive that the opening recap was a Disney note. It was almost certainly added at their behest, because the Doctor outright explains the whole situation again about 20 minutes in.
Meep was a puppet apparently and half the ship was real
I am going to be the odd man out....but it was meh ...acting was great but overall it was meh....for a 60th anniversary celebration it was a meh way to start .....  I will accept the beating that will come from fans of this episode... Lol
The pacing of the episode was to fast , and didn’t allow for character development
The opening title sequence is an up and down for me. It is beautiful and lovely to watch, but it's around 15 seconds shorter than previous openings so the music is badly edited at the end.  As for other downs: The Doctor not understanding how to let go because he is "male presenting" is the only thing I have a real issue with in the episode.  The male presenting 12th Doctor's final line was, literally, "Doctor, I let you go."  It also feels like it might not sit well with trans men. Feels a bit exclusionary of basically anyone who presents as male.  I think Rusty's heart is in the right place, but I don't think he quite sticks the landing.
This is the first on-screen cross over with Star Trek.  Obviously The Meep evolves and it becomes Moopsy .
I'm hoping the Easter Egg video mentions what looked to me like a doll of the Lapari. I suppose a previous Doctor could have met one before Flux, but it seemed more like a fan reference than one that made sense in story.
I love how they said it was wrong for people to make fun of Rose for her gender, but Rose and Donna are fine being bigoted towards the Doctor's gender in the ending. Nice woke double standard. It's interesting how the woke brigade pretend like their ending hate while projecting all their hate on others.
There were three things that didn't quite ring true for me.  1. Rose had to go get her phone.  Like there's a teenager out there that is EVER more than 1m away from their phone! 2. The kid watching in the window was watching.  Like there's a kid that wouldn't be filming it! 3. And this is the only "not a joke" one.  Seriously.  Just how much do you have to do to get Donna to remember!  All of that stuff they went through and it's only when he uses the trigger words that it comes back!  Meep, flying bug aliens.  Rocket ships, teleports, Shadow Proclamation specifically name dropped...  I am amazed Silvia didn't smack him one for not pointing out how bloody HARD it would be for Donna to ACTUALLY remember and trigger the meta-crisis back into being!  At the start of the episode he puts the boxes back in case seeing him does it, but by the end she's basically been through an entire adventure with him...  Calling him "The Doctor" didn't close that gap for me because it was no more or less of a trigger than giving away all the money 15 years ago because "it's the sort of thing he would have done."  Also.  Surely...  There has to be an up for a Doctor Who in partnership with Disney where Donna and Rose "Let it go"...? :)
I loved it first ep in ages I've loved from beginning to end 🎉 and the 2 goats returned
You can tell Disney has got their woke claws into this great BBC show. Not impressed.
Honestly with them throwing woke propaganda into this, it would have been much better if the Meep had thrown that bull shit in their face and called them fools for believing him. It barely did that. But if they are going to have the whole "pronoun" conversation, why not just say "it's not even important and you drank it up like fools". 🤮 I'm nervous to watch the rest. Not a good way to try and win back more views in my opinion. Woke movies have not been doing well lately. This wasn't a good move.
The sonic screwdriver improves with the Doctor’s experiences.  Just my feeling when I watched the episode.  Binary, Non Binary, love the way they used this; not in your face but there❣️
Oh, and the ending with Donna humourously spilling the coffee (a moment of slapstick that was not at all flagged in advance 🙄), which somehow was enough to short-circuit the entire control panels and start a fire that was way more than necessary for the purpose - sending them randomly off somewhere unpredictable. Go to all that trouble creating a pretty cool new interior which you're going to immediately burn down as essentially a comedy plot device?
I wasn’t expecting the new use/power/setting the sonic has; I wasn’t a big fan of it but wasn’t too against it ether
You know, if that short skit at Skaro is somewhat canon, I started thinking.  Would the Doctor start tinkering with the "Multi-Adaptable-Thingy" that he acquired from the Mark III Travel Machine and made it into his latest sonic screwdriver?   Is that how the sonic screwdriver suddenly got all those new capabilities?  I mean, the way it looks at certain angles, just looks a little too "Dalek" to me.  What you guys think?
Didn’t like the non binary bit but after watching this I think I get it a bit more  Loved it loved it  But the meep gender moment was so forced
What an amazing amazing episode! I 100% agree with everything you said Ellie! I said, almost all of the same things in my review on my channel yesterday! Also, I didn’t take the tardis interior as stairs. I took it as ramps I thought the whole thing was ramped, and I got so excited that I could actually get inside the Tardis now! But maybe I was wrong I don’t know. I loved that The Doctor Donna knew about the lives after her and was just as concerned about why his face came back! Massive up! 😁
"Let it go" was a very powerful easter egg. The Tenth Doctor did not want to go before he regenerated. The Twelfth Doctor "Let the Doctor go" before he regenerated into a female Timelord. Some of the fans did not let go of their male Doctor beliefs. After the Thirteenth Doctor explored the feminine side of his/her nature, gaining more 'humanity' in the process she let go and was returned as the repeated face of the Tenth Doctor in the Fourteenth iteration. The fandom rejoiced as the Doctor was now back as a male in the role but brought a paradox. Why the return of the face that so many wanted to see back? Here we have a message to the fans. The Doctor has moved on and is not the same person he was before, despite being the same person he always has been. We all change throughout our lives and that is ok, as long as we remember all the people we used to be (11th Doctor reference).  At the end of these specials, the Doctor will finally be able to let go and the Tenth Doctor along with the Fourteenth will be able to move on. Hopefully, the fans will be ready to move on as well.
It did feel ”easy” to be honest and everything bad was undone at the end. It’s easy to rewrite something after it exists, but they could’ve had: Donna not collapse and call him a dumbo after the “timer” ended causing a what. The soldiers open the door and immediately have the mind control without an explanation causing the second what. Then Rose on the speaker stating what she’s done and how it’s reversed the damage followed by the last what… then the explanation
for me, the "super sonic" (love the name!) is only for the 60th, at least I hope, and they're doing it because they havent got much time with David and they want to spend as much time as possible with him, and not necessarily spending too much time on the details of the plot, same for other plot contrivences in my eyes. hopefully for ncuti, the super sonic will be unfortunately destroyed in the last episode and ncuti goes back to having the regular sonic, but thats just my theory! and i hope they go with it because I agree its a bit much
Bouncing around like the Meep?!
100% agree on your ups and downs! Spot on! ❤ I do wonder why Donna and Rose suddenly know about the Doctor's recent regenerations. But I guess it's some Time Lord stuff in the air.
I didn't like how they handled the Donna/Rose metacrisis thing but I can't really blame them for how they handled it.  They wrote themselves into a corner at the end of series 4 for if they ever wanted to bring Donna back.  The important part is that the metacrisis has been resolved and that burden won't be looming ove the other two specials.
I thought the non-binary bit with rose was not set up that well, then they just let the meta go because they were women??? That was just weird and felt shoved in there…
Agree with most of your ups and downs, except I absolutely *loved* the new features of the sonic screwdriver…I assumed that it had always been capable of them but The Doctor hadn’t used them on screen before.   Doctor Who tends to reflect other popular shows at the time.  E.g the Gallifrey parliament in the End of Time was very similar visually to the Senate in Star Wars.
The 'let it go' reminds me of Jacinda the PM of New Zealand.  Most powerful person in the country.  Very popular.  She just... let it go. I'm done,  bye.
I think the recap was necessary because it's been so long since the original events and the episode needs to stand on its own without relying on any other media. If I buy this on DVD and sit down with my wife to watch it, she needs to be able to understand.
What jumped out for me was how the character interactions felt so much more lively and organic relative to those from the last three series.  The plot wasn't perfect but for me the episode recaptured a lot of the fun that was lost.  I can't wait to see how the next two specials complete 14's arc and set up 15's.
Completely missed the best line Donna says  skinny suits are acceptable on men only until they’re 35 and not a second later. And the bit where they creep through the neighbours house, classic British Comedy right there. Also it was the letting go, way too simple, would have been better if this had been at the end of the three and DT takes all of the energy and turns into Shuti or the energy of the metacrisis, kills the toymaker.   Not an episode I will enjoy several times like the 50th, sorry.   Miriam Margolyes was great, Beep was really good, the Wrath great until they started speaking.
The always upgrades his sonic with improved capabilities, they just need to show on screen one time for continuity.
I LOVE THE ROUND THINGS!!!! 26:34
well the writing was on the wall with the children in need  advert and the new Davos   but that ending part was just stight sexism  the where parts off the ep i liked but if  this woke  ass kissing is what's going  to carry on in the show  then il happily stop watching
It's a massive down for the whole episode from me. Won't be watching the other "specials" as there's absolutely nothing special about them.  It's Ten in a new suit, with absolutely zero character development.  Half of the dialogue between David and Catherine sounded like it was written by Chibnall in the bath.
But the main question is surely where on earth was that steelworks that was supposedly within sight of Camden?? Was it just introduced because they wanted an industrial chic setting with lots of steel walkways and sparks flaring in the background?
Loved the episode and the kitchen scene was good though I thought the whole binary nonbinary thing at the end was a bit forced
I think rose’s monster themed toys should have been shown earlier as good forshadowing rather than having Donna ‘tell’ us later, it would have been more satisfying
To be brutal this is not the resounding "back" I was hoping for. Categorically mid
I hope the Master makes an appearance in Wild Blue Yonder as John Simm’s name was in the IMDB credits for that episode.
Our Noble Clan. 😁
The Doctor is secretly wearing the perception field ring, that is the reason why no one notices him in almost plain sight.
i loved the representation but the dialogue could have been handled better towards the end
I agree with you about the sonic generating those weird screen and projections. If it can generate some kind of force field it could generate a blade. Feels very much like a light saber.  But it's also unnecessary because by scanning things and then "listening" to the sonic (putting it by his ear and saying whatever lines were written) the doctor has always been able to know the type of info present on the Holo screen. The sonic can already give them all the information they want or need just by waving it around.  So why the screen? I'm almost certain that effect won't be in the main series, that's a 60th anniversary special effect.
I thought Meep was mostly practical... is Meep not? (I haven't been watching behind the scenes.)
6:42 - I'm very glad with that scene. Knowing how Sylvia used to be a bit of a bitch in the past, I was worried that RTD was going to write her as not being understandable/stubborn about Rose's situation and I would have hated that, because it would've made both Sylvia and Jacqueline King, who portrays her, look very unsymphathetic.
I'm a little surprised you didn't mention what seemed to be the toymaker connection in the end when the meep said that having two hearts is rare and that she is going to tell "the boss" because I also don't think we ever found out why the meep came to Earth. Also, was it just me or did it look like Donna purposefully dumped the coffee onto the tardis. Maybe it just wasn't the best acting but it didn't look like the tardis just shifted causing her to spill it. It looks like she went whoops how did that coffee end up on the tardis
It’s funny that you say you remember the “bad cgi” from when you were a kid.  I guess every generation of whovians gets janky FX.  When I was growing up we had inflated trash bags as monsters.  It’s a tradition!
I agree, the sonic screwdriver was over used, in the 50th special the 3 doctors couldn't use it to get out of the holding place and now all of a sudden it can vibrate mortar. What?
I think the reason that Donna was calling him the Doctor was not because she was remembering, but was because David Tennant was healing the wounds of the Meep.  Also might give meaning as to why it was something that a caring doctor would do (give the money away to help)
The “Binary” thing was cool.
The only thing I really disliked about the episode was the resolution of the Metacrisis.  I hate that they were able to just "let it go".  Makes no sense to me.  When the Doctor said that the metacrisis had slowed down rather than stopped, I thought thats what the rest of the specials were going to be like.  We'll see how the rest of the episodes go, but I think it wouldve been cool if The Doctor said that the metacrisis was still happening, just slowed down due to being split.  And that they weren't sure how long it would take now (days, months, years?).  Upon realizing that her daughter might die at any moment, Donna and the Doctor travel together to try an solution to the problem asap.  We'll see what happens for the rest of the specials... I'm hoping the metacrisis isn't actually resolved.  As is it felt was too rushed and anticlimactic, among other issues people have pointed out about using trans and nonbinary identity but then definitely calling Rose a woman (after she literally called herself non-binary) and then basically calling the doctor dumb because hes a man again.   Other than that I really enjoyed the episode.  I hope they explain the new sonic screwdriver abilities.
Rename Cringe Culture
Nope. I hated the enforced agenda with gender politics.  Shared metacrisis... no problem. That fits within the storyline. There wasn't any reason for the gender politics.  I don't care if a character is he, she, they, them. Just intergrate it naturally and not for the sake of it. It's just gender politics.  Like earlier in the episode. The trans activists' line of assuming pronouns were jarring and very rude as well. It stopped the plot flow. I feel like that it has the potential risk of dating the episode badly should gender politics ceases.  The conversation between donna and slyvia before that was beautifully played. The episode didn't need anything else.  It's like the Davros and wheelchair thing. He didn't need to bring the character back. Just retire it.   In my opinion, RTD dont give a monkies about what we think.
Love that Murray Gold got his own up.
Deliberately played for humour - the Meep being a sort of hybrid of ET, Baby Yoda and a Furby - and the ever-popular interminable countdown to the great big explosion that's foiled at the last second - but on the whole quite fun. A dash of woke, which is only to be expected, but we weren't beaten about the head by it. But perhaps slightly lightweight though.
I'm definitely conflicted about the new Sonic abilities but I will say as a friend of mine pointed out, it makes %1000 more sense for the doctor to have a projected screen to look at as opposed to when 11 would just stare at blank space on his sonic and somehow get this highly detailed readout on something he'd scanned. I'd still rather not see the shields again though if I'm honest
In general i was unimpressed
It's official, heterosexual males are now not allowed to enjoy Doctor Who, RTD has made it clear we are no longer welcome.  The man who was supposed to save the franchise has killed it off with Disney money.
Narris = Frenemie #1
I did feel Donna and her mother’s relationship changed a bit. Her mother seemed to have more respectful and protective vibe. And her mother seemed to agree that she was missing out on something beautiful, even if it could only just be memories she can’t remember. It’s amazing how defiant her mother ACTED saying aliens don’t exist when she knows one personally. While acknowledging the doctor immediately. I believe people do this in real life. Running around claiming things are or are not happening. When in fact they know and believe the opposite to be true.
I didn't like it. So many shoehorned woke moment's. They weren't at all natural. All of them felt shoved in our faces. The only bit was Donna's mum saying about it being weird. I feel like Rose didn't have a personality except from her being trans. And the bit where the doctor didn't understand because he was a man?? What about 3 seasons past and also binary is a computer language not an emotion or state of being. I felt this made the most of no sense at all. So many science fictions all replaced by woke pop culture emotions. It's not close to the 50th anniversary, not one bit. Disney does it again ruined a classic with there woke agenda. It's not bad but it's not good doctor who.
Another absolutely MASSIVE down for me, which I would be interested to hear other people's take on...so Rose is non-binary because of the whole metacrisis situation....which suggests that being non-binary is not natural??? I don't know, just felt a bit off to me.
I loved the Episode, it felt like Russel and the actors just picked up where they left. The new screwdriver functions is new, but not too bad.
Loved the episode but I did have a couple of eye roll moments
I thought the sonic screen was an up for me, just because The Doctor had sonic glasses that did the same thing, but by incorporating that into the screwdriver, we the viewers now get to see what was behind the glasses for all those years. The Sonic shield was a bit odd, but with the amount of time that's passed, it makes sense that the screwdriver would become more advanced.
I completely agree with all of your downs, I was like "OK' everytime the sonic screwdriver got used. Part of me thinks that the metacrisis will play a part in the last episode hence it being only three episodes.
I disagree that the janky moments and bad cgi are what make it doctor who. It’s the heart of the story that does it..
I really loved meep 😂 didn’t think I would:(
You can definitely tell they have Disney money now... Still not sure how I feel about it.
About the Sonic, we have had the Sonic Sunglasses before, the screens feel like a way to do something similar, without doing the exact same and also make it easier for the viewer to watch along.  So much of the Sonic Screwdriver usage was the Doctor using it like a Tricorder and then looking closely at the blinking lights or holding it up to his ear. Making that part a bit more visual, perhaps for newer fans, makes sense to me.
The intro wasn’t helpful to anyone coming fresh to the show. Nothing about the character, nothing about the shows history. It was a quick recap for existing fans.  If Disney+ were hoping for new viewers they should have had Tennant introduce himself better…   “I’m The Doctor. I’m a Timelord. Sometimes I look like this (image of Jodi Whittaker) and sometimes like this (image of Tom Baker. 15 years ago - your time - I had a companion, a friend called Donna Noble. But travelling with me can be dangerous. I loved her, but to save her life I had to wipe her memory. If she ever remembers me, she’ll die. Something in the universe is calling us and about to bring us back together once again… and that, scares me more than any encounter with the Autons, or the Angels or the Daleks…” cue the music 😉
I think the sonic shield would have been fine if it thematically fitted. Like instead of a forcefield perhaps he could sonic the air and resonate stuff to stop the momentum of the bulletes and discharge the laser bolts
I agree with your downs Ellie.  I didn’t need that opening sequence.. I needed to see him from that cliff to where he ended up near the Nobles. Like what happened, where is the confused doctor we normally see?  It’s only been an hour and the Doctor is ok but doesn’t know who he is? It’s too casual. but I hope eventually, it will feel like Amy Ponds opening credits with the talking to the audience..  I was uncomfortable with the new sonic screwdriver capabilities. But I guess with Capaldi’s sunglasses we are slowly moving into the future with what the Doctors sonic can do.  Donna giving her money away because she has the doctor in her head was HILARIOUS. It was so good to have the old Donna back to tell us that’s NOT something she would do in her right mind. 😂😂  also When she tells them to take Rose 10 miles outside the city, she hugs her daughter and says I love you darling but never says anything to her husband. I thought that was weird. No hug goodbye. He was standing right there. She could have told him the same thing in his ear during the hug before she shut that useless gate. 😂 Lastly, I LOVE THIS INTERIOR!!! I hope this isn’t the last time we see it.
did anybody notice the slight variations of the 10th doctor's theme from season 4 as well as a few other tracks from that in this episode? that was another up for me
Would they spend all that on a Tardis interior for just 3 specials? I hope it stays for Ncuti
Terrible. An insult to the previous 60 years.
I actually called the return of the doctor Donna. Cause in the trailer where he said I don't think I can save you this time I made the remark of it probably means he has to give her back her memories and get help from the doctor donna
Where did the Doctor get the new sonic?
Meep….  Repurposed E.T. / Dobby / gremlin combo. I did an instant eye roll. 🙄 So many recycled concepts in this episode. Where are the original ideas that used to be so much a part of Doctor Who? Is that all we have to look forward to, recycled ideas from others’ genius?
My favorite part of the episode is the Doctor’s new loving personality The moment he explained how Donna was his best friend, best of friend, he absolutely loved her, it made my heart jump because it was the sweetest thing he’s ever said with the Tennant face on, and he’s even shocked “ah- I say things like that now?”  And then when he sees the Meep and immediately thinks “wow, he’s so Cute!-“ and then he talks about Wilf if he died, “I loved that man”  Like, it’s like this face and personality came back, but with so much more love packed inside and I love it It’s so nice to see 10th’s face on the 14th’s and have so much love and support and silliness to it, after so many years of that face dealing with the Time War and the aliens who want to kill him- I love it, it gave me a huge good-feeling warmness after the episode and that carried me the whole day💙
With Disney involved things were going to change.
Ellie's pointing out how Marvel-like a lot of the elementsare, combined with Disney's involvement in at least distributing the series going forward, gave me a bit of an "evil" thought: MCU/Whoniverse crossover in the future?
About the screwdriver thing. At first I didn't like it either. But when you think about it Doctor always scanned something with it and got some readings/data and stuff. What if it's just a way to visualise for the viewer what Doctor saw and we did not earlier.
The 5th no would have been her spilling the coffee the way she did
Pushing all the buttons - how do you keep reading my mind???
The sonic screwdriver doing the things it does here works way better for me as a piece of technology instead of the magic wand it used to be: opening wooden doors and effecting organic non technological things. It also benefits from the budget glow up.
The super sonic screwdriver was a down for me too. I didn't actually mind the display screen part, I actually thought "Oh that's better than when he used to stare at the side of the screwdriver, where we know there's no screen, and suddenly reads something on it!!", but then when he started magicing things out of thin air.....too much.....
All the Marvel mentions... when are you people gonna bite the bullet and do Ups and Downs on a new channel, AvengersCulture?
100% agree the forcefields from the sonic was to much. It must have limitations not be a cure all.
The sonic explanation is easy...He upgrades it. 😂
THIS EPISODE WAS AMAZING CAN'T BELIEVE RUSSE;L DESTROYED THE  TARDIS 2 MINUTES AFTER SEEING IT O REALLY HOPE DONNA ANDD ROSE GET A SPINOFF! THE SHOW IS BACK BABY!
Plot hole.. how did Donna even know The Doctor was recently female?
Switch your phone off, Ellie, so you don’t get spoilers!
I think Donna/Rose have to become human to keep the next phases more Real, in that three doctors would overwhelm any villains. It would dilute the awe of The Doctor winning in the end. I suspect they will be used again at some key point, not having totally shrugged off the metacrisis.
Omg when she’s says she was a child watching the doctor and Donna just kills this whole videos..
Down. Shoehorning gender politics.
The eyepoke is a reference to the original strip when the 4th Doctor mistakes the Wrarth warrior's eyeball for a light switch.
The recap was specifically because of Disney.. tons of viewers on Disney plus have never seen doctor who and was needed to set the tone for someone who knows nothing…
that binary non-binary woke crap was a down
Girl, you can5 even get 4 seconds into the video without tearing up 🥲 Doctor Who is BACK BABYYYYYY
I don't really have a problem with the sonic's new abilities.  New series, new network, new doctor, new Tardis, so...new sonic.  If we allow the Doctor to grow and the Tardis to grow (in abilities AND inside size), should we not allow the sonic (which is part of the Tardis) to also grow?
I liked the 4th wall break, it brings you into/a part of the story. My problem/confusion is with wilf. I’m unclear were he was. It sounded like he was upstairs (in the house)? If so they just left him behind in the escape scene. I must be mistaken or that would have been a serious downgrade on a great moment
I have to say, I was a bit disappointed when everything was said and done. The new sonic mechanics look cheap and overused, almost like Tony Stark made it for the Doctor or something. That sits at the very top of my complaints for the episode. As soon as the doctor used the sonic to lift up the Unit guard's visor WHEN HIS HAND WAS LITERALLY AN INCH AWAY FROM THE THING, I must've let out a very very disappointed groan. There was significant disneyfication and I do say that like it's a bad thing because it is. I can't even tell you what happened with the meta crisis after all, the only part I did understand that made some sense in my mind is the fact that the meta crisis had passed on onto Rose because she was Donna's child. I cannot tell you what the letting go meant or anything else. There were moments when I got those old Who feels but mostly on scenes with the Doctor and Donna exclusively. Also, funnily enough, after this episode I think I finally like Sylvia :P Really enjoyed the Meep as a villain and the voice acting was phenomenal. All in all, I'm still holding out hope that the first special was something meant for new fans to get excited and stick with the show and maybe the wild blue yonder will be more focused on recapturing that new but still classic  Who feeling for more seasoned fans. If that doesn't happen, I honestly worry about the show's future in general. Not really it's production, but definitely it's future success.    P.S  There's a way to write progressive, landmark characters that have you join their plight and cause simply by inspiring you to do so. I personally LOVE Rose as a character. I think she's funny, likeable, and an honestly interesting character to delve into. But what the crappity crap was all that about the doctor being male presenting and not getting it? Idk, it might be cause I'm also male presenting but then again, some questions may go unanswered forever. Anyhow, thanks for coming to my tedtalk. Still excited for the show all in all, just a lot more cautiously now, unfortunately.
Ha ha wonderful fun! That TARDIS interior and David's response to it - even through his role as the Doctor - was what every Doctor Who fan probably would do too.  Classic, new series, and whatever comes afterward:  in a TARDIS you'd be a giddy kid no matter how old you are.  What a fun celebration of the crazy core ideas in Doctor Who
I mean let's be realistic, after sleeping on it. It was pretty bang average.   Not bad, not great. Tennant amazing, what a shock aye? Tate solid (although would argue not her glorious best). Margolyes fantastic! Everyone else...forgettable.   The storyline was a touch flat, and the pacing was very odd. Also, let's address the elephant in the room - this was just another episode which served as a vessel for a very pointed political agenda. Surely I couldn't be the only one that laughed out loud at the "pronouns" and "non-binary" stuff?   If anyone's seen South Park, they effectively took a PC Principal line which is intended to have a playful dig at how sensitive we are as a society, but delivered it with utmost sincerity. You can't write this stuff...well, actually, I guess you can - because they did!  The message was also very confused. Rose is a woman, then non-binary, then a woman? Huh? If you're going to derail the storyline in favour of cliche discussions about LGBTQ+ issues, can you at least try to keep it consistent?
I absolutely loved Shaun in all this, him being so okay with all of this insanity. He kind of balanced out Sylvia’s frantic responses in that scene. I have to agree with your down points, which did seem a bit much for that device, but I also agree that some things about Dr. Who does need to move forward. Overall I enjoyed the episode and am looking forward to the next special episode 😊
RTD jumped back into being the showrunner like he'd never fraking left. Great episode.
I really enjoyed this episode, and I really wish that they gave David tenant at least a full season or two. HOWEVER, I feel like the propaganda was a bit too much. I get doctor who has always since the beginning portrayed certain messages, but it used to be subtle. Now it's just all crammed down your throat. We had to have a woman doctor. We had to get a black doctor. We had to take Davros out his Dalek chair. We had to have someone in a wheelchair. Not only this, but they make it super clear multiple times that her disability doesn't define her! We had to have a trans character, and as if that wasn't enough it had to be some stupid cure for the meta crisis. It just goes on and on and on. And I'm not against any of these ideas fundamentally, but I'm against the fact they are literally making the show a giant propaganda tool, instead of just telling good stories. Overlooking all of that nonsense, I did really like the episode, but I think it was just too much propaganda. I mean next thing you know we'll have a disabled doctor (which completely ruins the whole point of regeneration to begin with). I mean think about how restricted the stories will have to be now with 15, just because the doctor is a black man. Last time I checked, slavery was massive until the late 20th century. How is he supposed to travel freely in those times? Short answer, it will either be more huge propaganda shows, or there will be a 2000 year period where the 15th doctor won't be able to travel. I just want the doctor who we had from Eccleston all the way up to Capaldi, but I don't think it will ever happen again. God forbid they cast a normal white man as the 16th doctor.
wow so many examples of why the let go part makes sense in some of the comments, some genuine questions, some just butt hurt fragile masculinity,
Severe dislike of the new shield and screen abilities of the sonic but, in fairness, we don’t  know how long it’s been since the regeneration that this kicks off so he could have upgraded it (tenner says it still doesn’t work on wood though).   Got quite cut up at the mention of Wilf too, more so at the end as I expected him to show his face
Doctor who is fuckin dead girl.  That shit was bad.
Bernard Joseph Cribbins aka Wilfried , has passed away. but too whomever take on the mantel of Wilfried better channel him proper. But I would rather show honor him in lines of eluding to what he and Kate are up too. =)
Pronouns
Did Donna's child, sound a bit man like and with a Adams apple look allegedly. And with a bit simp script to me, to a non biological against biology of XY and XXY females and males. Didn't watch any of the woman doctor who esipodes or the last half of that previous doctor series, before her. It got a bit old time esipodes type repeats. And this was a simp to them, who call themselves other things. Next week I will watching harry potter instead, my choice, my way  Love mum
13. I said to my wife at that moment "I'm so glad that the monsters are still a little bit Sarah Jane Adventures." They were perfect.
My biggest gripe with the final “Let it go” is the way it was done, cause the idea isn’t actually a bad one it’s just the execution.  10 and the doctor in general most of the time, is incredibly bad at simply letting go. Hence why they’ve become 10 again at 14.  The big message of sometimes, the only thing you can do, the only solution being to let something go, works in that context (especially as 10 is the cause of the meta-crisis)  So, not got a gripe with the concept, just the execution
I thought after it would have been full circle if 14 or Donna had lost their hand and somehow amd put the timelord energy from Donna and Rose into that.
i liked the cute version of the meep, but i thought the way they changed it's appearance was a bit too on the nose.  half of what was neat about the meep in the comic (that even at the age of 8 i could realise) was how it looked cute, but was evil.  in the comic, even after we knew it was evil, it would still be trying to play up on it's appealingness.  here it was like a switch, and it's eyes changed shape and there were fangs.  it would have been more interesting to just have people unsure for a while if it could be trusted or not.
My only issue with the episode was the last way out of the meta crisis thing. “Just let it go”
I agree the shield was something that happened no explanation yes understand why it might be a good thing but it should have been explained or something that we saw how the new screwdriver made it but I loved the episode
I tend to agree with the sonic being suddenly Magical, given that almost immediately it was questioned whether it could handle mortar.
I really didn't like the whole binary/non-binary thing. Didn't really make sense at all?  Ok she split the time-lord stuff with her child, that makes sense. But that also made her daughter non-binary? What?
There will be mixed opinions on this but i personally think Doctor Who was far better with a smaller budget. Who agrees?
I love the way David acknowledges that the Doctor says things like “I love _____” now!! That was a big struggle for his first incarnation, never even telling Rose, but it’s so great to see that growth in the same face that struggled so much with it before!
It's spelled Davies, does he pronounce it Davis?  Why?  It's wrong. (Yes, you can mispronounce, or misspell, your own name)
sylvia was a lot more likeable in this episode.  she just seemed purely horrible in the past, and like she was just made of anger and dissaproval.  she seemed a lot more human this time round.
Instead of warning people not to tag you, which will make them worse, maybe turn your phone off and use self control? The world won’t end. Might come close but RTD apocalypses are usually resolved quick and conveniently.
I said the same thing at our watch party last night - if that's the only time we see that interior of the TARDIS I'll be sad because it is beautiful! It's Disney budget now so it's entirely possible they'd have done it for a single episode 🙈
To me, binary was the scientific term rather than gender, I think you were meaning gender? I enjoyed it. Love the new Tardis.  Title sequence will probably grown on me.
Completely agree with your ups and downs assessments.  This was such an emotional rollercoaster of memories for me and Im an old guy who didnt get into Dr Who until Eccleston.
I am non binary, but didn't liked anything about the Dinary/Non Binary... I found it forced and not a good representation... Even more the "you wouldn't understand because now you are a man"  For me that is one or two downs
The set looks better I remember when this that was leaked months ago and then taken down
5/10 and I'm being generous.
Did I see someone walk briefly across a door behind the Doctor?
I don't know why it feels like you are afraid of saying the word 'trans'? Yasmin Finney is trans, as is Rose. I know you kind of addressed it but it felt like you were trying really hard not to actually say Rose is trans, she was deadnamed, Sylvia found it hard to use the correct pronouns.
The most worried I was in this amazing episode:  when Sylvia growled “You!” at the Doctor.  All I could think was she’s gonna slug him so hard, he’ll regenerate!
I feel like with the sonic screwdriver it either should have been acknowledged that it has experimental settings or it just should have been a new device that he could carry around, just some reason why he didn’t use this useful feature in the past
❤ the new powers of the sonic!
Is that part we had a switch of importance meet went from being a main player to a side character while a side character Rose came up to become the main player
More woke garbage
Honestly I loved this episode apart from the resolution to Donna remembering The Doctor. Felt a bit rushed. And wow the extra production budget is being put into the right places.
so sad this woke crap is ruin the gem of a show. the 0,5% of the world destroying it for us normal.
Can we have ups and down series… from season 1 onwards starting with rose and then up to where you had the first ups and down with whoculture
I like the new sonic abilities. I think they would’ve done it years ago with the budget. If the Doctor was able to mod it to generate shields to protect people, they would do it. It’s clearly a new sonic, so did 14 collaborate with the TARDIS or did he take some of the engineering ability we saw with 13 and build it?  I could definitely see the engineering minded 13 begin working on it with 14 finishing it. 13 would definitely think about building a Sonic like that.
Ya but you know …..time lord science….?    We’ve never seen it at its technological high
I can appreciate the mixed feelings about 3D printing with the Sonic. I'm not sure how much they plan to stretch it, hopefully it doesn't just get crazier.
I am definitely mixed on this episode, and was expecting more, but i am hopeful for the next two specials.
If Dr Who wasn't a great big dollop of campy cheese, no one would watch it!
I like the new sonics hard light constructs. it reminds me of green lantern who is my favourite superhero. I would have given it an up
Come on guys, you can't see the grandfather again because the actor passed away.  Unless of course they recast him and I doubt that happens.  So, no he will not be on any future episodes.
Ok , here we go , this was awful and the tick box was ticked in every box, all men are useless , the Trans nonsense, it was complete bollocks and that’s being nice , Doctor Who is officially dead  ☠️, there was no ups at all
Loved loved loved the Sonic upgrade.
I agree with almost all that you've shared here including my worries that the Disney/Marvel influences might increase and that the sonic's abilities have gone a bit too far. I think the ups you named are spot on, and agree with the downs, but might add a couple more downs (I'd have to re-watch the episode to be able to name them.) Overall, I enjoyed the episode, but it left me feeling a bit "meh" and I don't know why. So, I will re-watch it and maybe be able to figure that out. I enjoyed this review and look forward to seeing all of your further thoughts on the episode! Thank you!
Because of the Disney deal will they bring back Mickey?
My down is Donna spilling coffee on the console.  It was so over the top. It didn't look accidental at all. Why would the TARDIS have a coffee maker when a small cup full of the beverage makes the console go up in flames
Sonic screen and shield are what doctor who needs to make the story more interesting and lets the show put the doctor in more action situations which makes it more exciting to watch
The letting go thing its like... if someones poisoned do you tell them to just... let it go??
Actually you can talk all you like with that gorgeous voice you lovely goddess i love you always and forever
The Doctor was not UNIT’s first scientific advisor.   Liz Shaw was. Lost her job to a man and became his assistant .  It was the 70’s.
I agree about the sonic screens. I also agree about the episode looking too polished. I think the story was a little too hokey for such crisp cinematography but would have felt fine with the typical TV feel
The whole gender / identity idea was ‘explained’ perfectly in the quick conversation as The Doctor addressed the Meep as ‘he’. For some inexplicable reason RTD decided that wasn’t enough and continued to hammer that message home until the very end.  Viewers don’t need to be patronised. We’re not imbeciles so don’t treat us as such 🤷‍♂️ In another 10 years the whole pronoun/binary etc dialogue will appear as out of date and quaint as 70’s flared trousers and social media buzzwords from 2018. People in the future wondering what all the fuss was about because it’s a part of the everyday vocabulary…
I bet UNIT are experimenting on Wilf in the ‘sheltered accommodation’.
#YeetTheMeep!
Also Ellie to put your mind at ease- this will be Ncuti and Millie's TARDIS set as well 😂 saw a video with David saying he visited them on set later
As much as I love the new music/theme, it wasn't scary like the Who theme should really be, too joyous. That's my only👎. Camden is full of random people, that's why no one noticed, also loved the psychic paper going wrong, when the Doctor shows it to Donna's taxi driver husband Shaun. 😁 Love the upgrade on the sonic screwdriver's capabilities, the Doctor has always been upgrading it, previously the Doctor has been seeing tinkering with it, so why not? ❤️ Both Sylvia and Donna came across as lionesses of mothers. ❤ The Meep's fingers are a give away to its real identity....a baddie, but they are also cute, because some species of lemurs, etc, have claws like that. 🤔 The mentions of Wilf are wonderful. ❤️ The guy on the sofa, so funny, because we all know someone like that. 😆 The boy from next door, whose Rose Noble's friend watching everything; he was living all our childhood fantasies. 😁❤️ Loved the armed wheelchair, because I wish my shopping trolley could be a little like that sometimes, when I get stuck in a crowd. 😆 Badly parked taxi, as a Londoner, it's a meme. ❤️😁 It's great that Donna and Rose her daughter, turn out to be connected and the meta crisis has been inherited. ❤️ I'm not sure but it sounded like the Meep swore or at least shouted in anger, as it was defeated and ejected from the spaceship. 😁 The Tardis definitely put that coffee machine in the console on purpose, knowing something would go wrong, total mischief. I knew a permanent member of staff, at a temp job, I did once, who split her drinks on her keyboard, several times. 😁 The new Tardis is like a cross between the Eleventh Doctor's first one in design, the television movie Tardis in terms of size and one of the sets in Terry Gilliam's Brazil. Who wouldn't love a Tardis that big? Plus more corridors to run down and Donna mentioned all the running. ❤️
So here's my thoughts on the sonics screen and the Sonic you know shield thing I guess... I mean we've always known that there was a computer element to the Sonic screwdriver just because he's able to do basic scans but the fact that he would disabled to read them by looking at you know the charm or looking at you know the metallic pieces of the screwdriver to read things like if it can do that then why the hell not give a screen you know maybe even consider it a downgrade that it's no longer a psychic link with the screwdriver and maybe more a visual representation of what's psychically projected previously I'm just saying like we always sort of accepted that there was a way that he could get information from his screwdriver just by scanning stuff and kind of blindly glaring at it why not give it you know substance
My only real complaint was the actress playing Rose. Not her acting, but she simply didn't look like she was in her mid-teens. She was 19 or so when the episode was shot and I simply didn't believe her as being about 15. FWIW, I didn't believe Sophie Aldred as a 16 year old Ace either. I know they often cast older actors to get around the time on set limits, but sometimes it just doesn't work.
Not seen a lot of 'modern' who, but I found it contrived, over-done and a little too woke.
I feel so bad for Jodie Whittaker, she was an amazing doctor but she joined the crew at the wrong time and got bad stories its so sad
I was fine with the Rose character being trans and I completely agree that the Donna and Sylvia conversation addressed it very well, but then you lost me with the fucking line of "you assumed it's gender" (when the doctor is talking to the meep) like... fuck off... we didn't need to hear that a second time and it really pissed me off that they reduce the character of Rose to just her identity, there was nothing else remarkable or interesting about her, in that moment the character was reduced to "the trans person that bitches about pronouns" and that is pathetic... it would have been nice to see at least one other trait showcased instead of that... hell... even wheelchair lady was better used and the disability was addressed but not preached about and she was only used for a few scenes!  also, at the end... the "we are better because we are women" like... really? was that necessary? inclusivity and equality is fine, but beating people down with lines like that just has the opposite effect... especially when that was not the point of the story... it was just a cheap shot line during a lazy way of solving the Donna dying problem...
with all of these Marvel vibes ... is Russell T Davis gunning a writing gig for the MCU?
I love the inclusion of the hand gesture ellie requires when saying "wrarth".  She doesn't realise it apparently.  not just "wrarth", but "||| wrarth |||" with claws or something. makes me laugh.  Not just the first time, which is understandable, but every time after.  Oh, loved the episode too, of course.
For me the new TARDIS interior gives me Charlie and the chocolate factory vibes, and then I mean the 2005 Tim Burton version, with the nut sorting room and the tv room in particulair.
Im sorry, I really wanted to enjoy this episode. I really really did. You had characters from my favorite season of doctor who, you had new writers, and it was a whole new era of who. I was immeasurably dissapointed. There were lots of little details I enjoyed and appreciated on the production side of things in terms of props, cinematography, and music, everything looked fantastic. But in terms of story telling and dialogue? It gave me a headache. Now there were some little interactions I enjoyed, but for the most part I was just displeased. I enjoyed the series having a mystery to solve for the audience, details given but could go amiss unless youre really looking for them like I was, pieces to a puzzle to find as we progress through the episode. But the episode didn't give me that. It pointed out details directly, characters openly mention them! My hand was being held through a 10 piece puzzle when it used to be well over a hundred and I had to find the pieces myself. There was no mystery to solve, this was pure action adventure with sci fi tropes. Also the politics in this episode contradicts itself and it boggles my mind. I appreciate dr who pushing ideas progressively, its been doing it for a long time, but when you make pronouns significant and to say the Doctor Donna is both male and female (Which I disagree with, it was purely a combining of personality, knowledge, and intellect) Only to go around and say women are superior from the whole metacrisis business and that it was better when the doctor was a woman, you're stepping on your own message here. Even originally, Donna goes on to say she was better as the Doctor donna not because she was a woman or female presenting, but because of that little bit of human ingenuity. Also the doctor was a mess this episode, Im sorry. He was so much more emotional this episode and harped on that "She could die" line like 3 to 4 times and had a bit of a tantrum knowing what he had to do. Like the doctor regressed in maturity since we last saw the 10th doctor, I had no respect for him this whole episode. And I want to respect him, the doctor has been my sci fi idol for me since I was about 7 years old, and to see him act so childishly upsets me beyond measure. This whole episode made me want to not watch the following two episodes, it's only going to make me upset and spit on old fond memories from series 4. That all being said people seem to enjoy it by the sounds of the reviews and I hope they continue to do so without me and my negative reception of all of this. Doctor who made me seek out and enjoy the little details and be both very critical and very appreciative of the media I watch, but now I can only seem to be critical; and I can't be critical towards something I hold so dear to me any longer.
The main down i had was at the end with the "let it go" part. They built this whole thing about how the 14th Doctor is very much affected by the 11, 12, and 13th, and had this whole setup about how The Doctor is basically all the genders, then the cheap dig about "you should have stayed a woman" and that whole bit. It really undermined the message they were trying to say. But, i also think it was a message that people (especially people in the UK) needed to hear.
Imagine being known as the man who saved Doctor Who, twice
😊
And the final bit, when the DoctorDonna came back and Rose did her thing. Did you hear "I Am The Doctor"? You also got a bit of "A Good Man?" as well.
A few minor thoughts... Rose is a "toy maker"; the Meep's line at the end about "the boss"; the whole giving up the metacrisis power at the end is just a mess (they can do it because they aren't male-presenting? the idea that Rose is trans because she inherited the Doctor's non-binary nature via the metacrisis?) and feels a bit problematic; 14 still felt very 10 -- I'd have liked him to have been more distinct, though that would have undermined the point of bringing him back, and relatedly it dosn't feel like there was really any progress towards excplaining why that face in particular is back (though it's maybe something more to do with Donna); lastly, I'd hoped for the Tardis interior to be something a little more special -- for example... I know they're keeping things mostly practical, and they can't use a Volume for every Tardis interior shot, but I've always wanted the inside of the Tardis front door to be freestanding within the control room so characters could walk around behind it even when it's open
I'm going to add a dissenting voice to the new Tardis design. I do love the round things, but it is ALL round things. ONLY round things. It's huge and empty and provides a horrible acting environment. It is a great contrast to the messy design of 10s Tardis, but it comes off as cold and sterile to me.
Oh and I wouldn't call the new TARDIS interior paths "stairs" they are ramps! Look again, everything is wheelchair accessible! Up!!
It's the worst acting ive ever seen from David Tennant as the Doctor. The chibnall effect has carried on to the RTD era. The childish nature is still in full swing, awful pace, something was just so OFF. It wasnt at all like the original Tennant and Tate era. It was like they'd forgot how to play the characters. Real disappointment
That disney money was definitely evident...
Yup totally agree on the sonic screwdriver
My biggest Up was Catherine Tate's acting, giving us two distinct Donnas, mind blocked Donna and Doctor Donna. Mind Block Donna keeping us on the edge of our seats worried, we seeing her memories bleeding through. Then Doctor Donna appears and before she helps save the day, she goes on her rant about giving up the money. Truly brilliant.  My biggest Down was a pacing issue. As Ellie said, once Doctor Donna comes, Meep and the Wrarth became irrelevant to the episode. It was an Deus Ex Machina that Donna having a baby, Rose, solved the metacrisis. But the way it unfolded took away from the pay off. Everything was solved in a matter of moments for the viewer. A way they could solve this, and it would be enjoyable to watch, RTD does bring Rose into the fold of the future of the Whoniverse. not necessarily a spinoff but have Rose be a recurring character with Ncuti's 15. Make this more than just a Deus Ex Machina, give it more depth.  My biggest WHAT?!?! moment was the Wilf is no longer with us. We know we are seeing Wilf at some point. Bernard shot his scenes before passing away. So that little moment, standing ovation for execution. While I missed seeing Wilf this episode, What this tells us is that Wilf's scene is probably going to be an emotional last scene for these specials, and we KNOW RTD loves an emotional goodbye.
Don’t worry about the TARDIS set. They acknowledged in the episode commentary that this set is being used by 15 and Ruby ☺️
I understand the feeling "Doctor Who is back." Like seeing dear Tom Baker as the Great Curator, with his appearance revisiting "one of the old favorites". For you, it was David...
My "downs" were the same as yours exactly almost. I can hear Charley Pollard in my head now "You can't have almost exactly." 😅 1st sonic bit, used as a tool in a non-tense moment, not as a tricorder with a tiny LED that tells the Doctor EVERYTHING in SECONDS, that to me is better, BUT, having it make shields later is a bit ridiculous, so down. The letting go was a bit too easy, BUT, maybe it was also a temp fix to let go of a good bit of the excess, but Donna still clearly knows more than she should about some things so we will see. Oh and the cold open direct to camera... I see why it was needed, why necessary, but having the Doctor standing in space was weird. Should have been a waist shot, OR better yet, should've been on the Jodie TARDIS console room, done like Capaldi in Listen. But yeah, minor gripes. I loved this sooooo much!! Still grinning. I know trolls who hate-watch WHO are going to hate it too, so that's fun as well. 🤣I do wish they would be toxic elsewhere, but imagining their inner Daleks coming out and screaming is kinda funny too.
1. Do we actually know how The Doctor got his new sonic 2. I liked the whole thing with the sonic being able to make a screen because in the past he’s just put his ear up to it after scanning but how we as viewers have like a visual aid as well although felt like the whole shield thing was a bit overpowered 3. I didn’t rlly like how they done the whole letting go thing and would of preferred to have had it solved over the 3 specials 4. Love Rose’s alien toys  8/10
The part where they just "got over it" might be a new low point for this show
The letting go thing is just kinda stupid and bad like they really did go "haha men cant let things go" but it just kinda undermines the whole tension of the episode. Like I could accept the sharing the metacrisis with Rose but just getting rid of it? Nonsense. Otherwise she couldve done that this whole time.
'oh to hell with this' (shows fangs, whips out a laser pistol and starts firing.   The Meep has arrived.  Brilliant
I can't believe you didn't mention the Meeps cryptic words about "The Boss"
The comment at the end about the Doctor being male was a spit in the face to fans. There was some promise but overall a weak episode that isnt going to win back any viewers theyve lost the past few years
wasn't the sonic used to calculate how to get out of a prison once? Are readings not taken from it from time to time and not explained what is being read? In truth we never know its true capabilities or what each version has as upgrades.
"PUT A CHICK IN IT AND MAKE HER GAY"   "Make her lame!"  Meta Crisis dispersed...
As for the Screwdriver... if you think back on it the screwdriver has done all of these things and SO much more before this point, this is just the first time WE have seen an actual representation of it... not just the Dr seeing it and describing said thing hes seen or done..   Personally I loved it! But only after I took a step back and thought about it... at first watch I was taken aback but never downright disliked it..
Are they going to sell those toys? I want the ood one.
One more down, I had, the orchestral music in EVERY SINGLE SCENE!  Like, I realize you had Disney money to throw around, but this was not necessary.  Some of the most impactful scenes were fully drowned out by the music.  It felt like the further we got toward the end, however, the more they seemed to tone it down some, like they had figured this out but couldn't be bothered to go back and fixed the early scenes.  Still just a small quibble over all.
Personally I am not a huge fan of the new Tardis interior. I love the older style, seemingly made up of "found items," a little grungy, a little chaotic, a bit steampunk. It was always fun to notice something I'd never seen before on the console or the wall. Now the question is, is this 15's interior, or just 14's?
RTD pointed out that deadnaming Rose had a deeper meaning. It went to show Donna remembered the Doctor on some level, giving her child a name that means “healer/doctor”.
Regarding the sonic, I completely understand your point. Although it looked cool and the sonic screwdriver was always meant to be able to do random extra things as needed, some of these 'updates' seem over powered. In the Doctor Who Roleplaying game you can have gadgets (which include a sonic screwdriver) and you can spend special in game points to allow it to do something it can't normally, but it is still limited. I think part of the problem is that script writers sometimes get a little caught up in always feeling the need to make it 'more wow', whether it fits or not. That said, great episode and I completely agree regarding the opening titles.
if the sonic screwdriver can be used as a weapon, it can be used as a shield......is the way i see it......i like it
Real fans liked Dr Who because it featured the combination of low budget, with great actors playing out great stories and not this cringe and utter vomit pushing propaganda and "the message" of wokeness. We said it, Russell T Davies came back to finish off Doctor Who, with 1000% more agenda, diversity and inclusion toxic waste. RIP Doctor Who 1963-2017 (Peter Capadli's first season).   Think of this as Jodie's cringe era as it's the same box ticking, same writers, and more agenda. To think you went from the 50th anniversary  and then everything went completely down hill after Peter's first season ended. We warned everyone, we told them what this cringe would be and the future of Doctor Woke and this showed everyone we weren't conspiracy pushers.
Why was the new villain a murderous ferby
Yeah that Recap felt like a studio note - and the whole "men can't let go" was  a perhaps, just a wee bit toxic, but the rest was Brilliant!  Carry on Doctor!!
I agreed with almost all of your ups and downs, Ellie, but not the TARDIS.  It was gorgeous, yes, but it was cold, and sterile and didn't feel like the TARDIS to me.  I loved how they worked Rose into the story, especially how he realizes that she chose the name Rose because she had part of his essence.  One of the biggest ups for me, and I'm surprised that you didn't mention it, was how at the end when he and Donna were trapped on either side of the glass was so perfectly paralleled with the scene when he gives his life to save Wilf.  Especially when he says "Not like this!"  OOhh, I love a good call back!
I actually was thrilled by the *you just have to let it go" part. It says a lot about changes and evolution specially talking with the Trans community that gives a lot of empowerment. And on another point, for the Doctor, usually he is the one who don't have a choice to let it go, like most of the companions leaving on a tragical way.
The only thing I don’t like is how Donna could’ve just let go of the metacrisis energy and lived a pretty happy and normal as can be life for 15 years? Did I miss something here?
I see the sonic screw driver kinda as a running joke.  They keep adding more and more capabilities every season.
Ellie, I’m 100% with you about the sonic. There will be times in the future when people will say, “why didn’t he just use the sonic? “ the precedent has now been set. The OG series had to have the sonic avoided at times because it was a get out of jail free. Also K9.
For me I'd say- Ups- Seeing the characters again  Beep the meep The story as a whole The comedy The tardis interior David tennant and catherine tate  Downs- The over wokeness Hammered in message Felt very rushed Too much action Not enough explanation  The acting felt a little off No tease for other specials Kinda underwhelming (for me)  I definitely enjoyed even if without these problems and I'm still not losing hope or excitement, its better then anything else weve got over the last 5 years!
Highly disappointed on this reunion of Tennant and Donna, basic story, basic action. No surprises felt like I could just guess what will happen. The episode had no depth. Very unhappy about this first episode. Guess only time will tell if I change my mind with future episodes. I do like the Tardis.
One moment that i want that would be an up for me personally before this ends with donna and fourteen we need a moment where he turns to Donna and says "oh! by the way, you were right. River was my wife"
Yep, I'm not keen on the Super Sonic Screwdriver as well. But the warrior shooting at the Soldiers that had been taken over was clever. I was thinking "They're both after the Meep - shouldn't they be working together?". Good subtle clue that something else was going on. And, yes, how they fixed the Mety Crisis did seem too easy.
The non binary part was perfext
Amazing episode
I have two petty downs (a-la-Shaun): 1. At one point, Shelly is sitting in her wheelchair and crosses her legs - this means either she's not actually disabled, but it wasn't addressed further - or this is a production goof. 2. Rose just looks too old. Jasmin is 20 years old (she was actually born before the revival of the series!), and Rose should be younger than 15. And this just doesn't work.
NOW you know a little how I felt when the Sonic Screwdriver of old first got used as a Star Trek-like medical scanner by Eccleston's Doctor on modern Who. Say this for the War Doctor, he called his younger older selves out for how the used their versions of something that you can assemble furniture with. They should rename the bloody thing, 'the sonic magic wand'...
they’ve already said the tardis interior is being used in the upcoming season. the coffee didnt kill it.
Agreed about the sonic developments  - should have been stated that its perhaps a new one woth more tricks. Meep was cool! Loved Donner, Rose and Sylvia. Felt a bit rushed at times - but excellent avoidence of Donna dying, but what was the word sequence about??
I love that this episode is about identity and what the "true self" really is. It's why we have the scene with Rose talking to Meep about "feeling like she's from a different planet" and the scene where she gets heckled or the scene where she mentions pronouns or the scene where the Doctor says "I don't know who I am anymore" or Rose at the end saying "I know who I am now." It's all tied to the theme of identity and what someone's "true" self is. As Meep looks cute and cuddly and innocent but is actually evil, or the warriors going after Meep look evil but are actually good, or Rose being nonbinary when she was born a male and presents as a female, or Donna not knowing she's Doctor Donna, or the Doctor being unsure of who they are when they literally have the face and actions of 10. Everything here is in service of that theme and it's been awhile since we've had an episode of Who that's like this. One where we can really analyze what's in service of the themes and one that's truly saying something.
I like the new sonic abilities, but not as presented. I feel like it should be a visible projection. Like he either needs to use the sonic like a stylus to interact with it. Or the screen moves to where the sonic is pointing
I disagree about the "binary" situation at the end being an UP. When Donna originally mentioned binary multiple time in the original episode, it had NOTHING to do with being Trans. It was purely a computer reference. To switch that up in this episode to include a Trans reference just seems like a desperate, inorganic way to throw in "representation". I have no issue with Rose being Trans, but it all just felt very forced in this episode.
The title sequence wasn’t just unnecessary, but confusing. Who is it for?? New viewers aren’t going to follow any of this from a one minute exposition dump, and old viewers already know all this. One of many, many bizarre choices. 💯
A down from  me for London streets knitting back together perfectly after the meep drill is removed -  Like superman reversing time by flying round the axis - and why has no one seen aliens or crashing space ships before? The Slitheen crashed into Big Ben, and there have been take overs by daleks, cybermen and sontarans among others
isnt meep the species. I thought it was Beep the Meep.
The one and only thing that made me say, “Hey, wait a minute!” was Donna asking the Doctor why he returned to this face. Donna doesn’t know about the subsequent regenerations. From her point of view, he’s still 10, aged a bit. Oh, and also I thought the script leaned so heavily on “She mustn’t see the Doctor, mustn’t have her memory jogged,” like it was just matter of seeing a sonic. But in fact, it took a whole code sequence to remind her, so really that was fake drama and I think the script made that confusing. BUT! What a lovely, emotional episode, and I think it was smart to make the whole alien plot kind of cute and low stakes so they could focus on the people for this first episode.
As a anniversary episode it was terrible.
One down for me was that the Doctor seemed so casual about walking into the Nobel household presuming that it wouldn’t trigger Donna to remember, when her family had been making sacrifices for years to prevent her from remembering.
The tardis looks gorgeous but they need to do some furniture shopping. It’s clean and minimalist but lacking those practical elements other tardis interiors had. Seats and storage compartments, The hanging wires and exposed under areas that the actors can interact with. It needs a coat hanger, I wonder how many times they had to film 10 throwing the coat because it must of fallen many times 😂. My only down is roses actor, Next to everyone else she has no emotion and I think the cast and crew were aware because Donna has that line at the end "she can’t act". Also noticed some little nit picks like Donna just flicking the cap of the milk 😂
The Warriors reminded me of the Parademons from Justice League.
as an american who has always been kind of confused by the davies/davis split in british english I gotta say that was kinda funny
The "let it go" part at the end I agree they could have come up with "actually our subconscious have been working on this problem for 15 years and *technobabble* and the doctor OF COURSE" would have been nice
So the thing that bugs me with the sonic abilities in the episode is that I always viewed it as a device that can interact with anything. So it generating screens and Shields feels like it wasn't established.
❤
You got my issues on the nose-I thought it was a touch too “Marvel”-ized. The Sonic Screwdriver was a little too Stark Industries for me. I was concerned about the Disney input to Doctor Who… like the whole “Whoniverse” Marvel-type opening.
My biggest issue with the "let the metacrisis go" moment was not just that it was too easy but also... if that was an option, wouldn't the DoctorDonna have known that 15 years ago?
Think  you should be in a episode ❤
Nothing like "THE MESSAGE" ruining another great franchise.
I'm sorry but theres a reason this show is dead...I thought it was preachy, full of "the message:...Stopped watching after capaldi...Gave ot another chance...Not coming back.
Am I nuts or was there a possible glimpse of The Toymaker in a shot at the steel mill? Where Fourteen is looking up at the Meep's ship, with an stone archways (presumably part of the original mill left alone during modernizations) behind him... a figure passes from left to right via a cross-tunnel in the far background?
Maybe I missed it, but is no one mentioning resonating concrete?! Doctor dances throwback!
We had a similar conversation about the new sonic and we were divided, I was very much in the ‘it’s too much’ group, how many times would shields of come in handy in all the previous adventures?
For people who think meep is cute haven't read the comics
Well done Ellie :)
It was good but it wasn’t great! Tennant and Tate are awesome but something is missing.
Re: the Sonic’s new abilities. This was a VISUAL ability. “Sonic” means SOUND. It shouldn’t have been able to do that… that said, I loved the ability, I love the doctor having a device that does that… drawing a shield?? How very appropriate for the Doctor! It just shouldn’t be called “sonic.” I kept saying, well if it can do that then it’s not a “sonic” so what is it? What’s this new device? A “visual” screwdriver? …then he says “this is a sonic screwdriver.” Well, bugger! …I expect further explanation of the origin of this new advanced sonic in the episodes to come.
I think people get the wrong idea about the Sonic Screwdriver. Yes, it started out as a simple screwdriver, but it's become so much more than that. It's not a static object, it evolves. Obviously The Doctor (and the TARDIS) upgrades it on a regular basis and he may take inspiration from tools he's seen other people use and incorporated them. It's been made clear that at least a little bit of time has passed since he regenerated at the end of the last episode (indicated by the comic tie-in and the Comic Relief clip), so he's had time to tinker with it. It's also possible that it's had the capability to show that visual readout to the Doctor for a long time and we're only just now seeing it through his eyes (thanks to the new budget). I know Matt Smith would often look at it as if he was reading information on it that we couldn't see. The shields seem like one of those things he's probably thought about implementing for awhile and finally got around to installing it - they certainly make sense given how often he's in these situations. I love the new design of the sonic itself, BTW.
Meep was also practical. Only very few moments with Meep were CGI.
Was it just me or was the doctor a lot more "Smoother"...like his manic energy has been toned down and he is a bit more dare I say it... Suave😂
The 'letting go' of the metacrisis could have worked a bit better given some extra context. For instance if they said it had been ticking over in the depths of donnas mind, rewiring her brain (similarly to how it influenced her to be like the doctor in giving away her money) and in time she subcontiously figured out how to get rid of it (maybe reference it as being similar to the 50th and the sonic screwdriver) but rose was the key to share the load.
I’m a minority voice in this but I thought it was too childish.
Overall yeah I thought it was really, really good. A little preachy or on the nose at times overall solid though. Christ I'll take that with good writing any day from the crap we've had for the last 3 seasons. The only sort of things that had me stratching my head was the splitting that time energy at the end with Donna and her daughter, like would that be enough just for what it is. Still well done though and just the whole letting go of that energy at the end. Like doesn't it have to go somewhere or whatever? Idk. Also didn't expect them to resolve something that major with Donnas memory in the first episode. Nothing bad honestly thought it would have been done over the 3 episodes I guess.
I cant watch next weekend as its my birthday weekend and quite busy that weekend so probanly not see until Monday
i could hardly hear the dialogue over the booming music. there was definitely something wrong with the sound.
The new sonics abilitys are very marvel but its kinda cool that it can be a form of projector
Commenting for the algorithm ❤❤
I felt very conflicted about this episode. The Noble Clan and Doctor dynamics were awesome. The aliens were okay, and Meep was cool. The screwdriver upgrade on the other hand was a weird idea. If it's just the device that resolves conflicts and not the Doctor, who needs the Doctor anyways?  Also, the letting go aspect was obviously an obnoxiously questionable idea. "We have vaginas, so we can just let Timelord energy vanish. Instead of you penis wielder! Nananana naaa naa!" Ooookay. Incorporating messages of tolerance and equality is cool, but if you do it in a clumsy and/or offensive way, it will backfire. Don't do that, you'll only hurt the whole movement. Not to speak of the fact that Ellie pointed out as well: It's an easy copout for a complex problem, disregarding the potential for a cool story arc. My personal guess at that point in the story had been that either:  a) Donna dies b) Donna regenerates (that one would have come with its own set of challenges and had been my favorite) c) There's now two more half Timelords in existence, with all implications there might be  Anything would have been more compelling than just making up a magic trick out of thin air.  In the end, the episode was cool, and I try very hard to ignore the issues. Let's see what comes next. I really love the franchise and want it to rise it to the former glory again...
I liked the recap at the beginning, that was a helpful thing because Donna's situation was a complicated one to drop into.  I think the style was an homage to the 1980s Dune narration style.  The only thing I didn't like was the lighting and seeing his whole body made it look a little weird
I have a few minor critiques. Nothing worth mentioning. Other than that, the special was pretty much flawless.
Loved the episode, but Disney have already started interfering, The winter soldier vibes with the trigger words, unit tower, and the "let it go" reference, it's a contractorial obligation. In every Disney project there is a reference to another one of its properties. I bet there will be more Disney references in episode 2
I loved when he showed his psychic credentials to Shaun and it said "Mistress".. and the Doctor says "Catch up!" as he smacks the psychic paper against the car. LOVED IT! I also loved the banter between Shaun and the Doctor about how Nerys was doing. The Show was 10/10 for me. LOVED it!
Honestly I was a little disappointed in The Meep being evil. The moment I saw it... yeah thats the true bad guy. I felt it was a little predictable. The use of those bullet proof shields was a little stupid too. I did love seeing them on screen. Also Rose looked far too old to be 15 years old.
About the sonic… every new iteration of tech comes with a new bell or whistle.   I think, the sonic making “screens” was a logical upgrade to make.   I’m good with it.   My one small critique, is that the road stitched back together.   IMO this was a perfect episode.
i dont understand why they had to mention that "a male presenting time lord couldnt do" it feels a bit insulting to male presenting people :/
I am glad I found your channel...you are brilliant....
i love the new tardis, however it does feel kind of sterile, i think it needs some furnishing like the series 7b tardis got with capaldi, the walkways are amazing and i can imagine the doctor running around in gleefully as the tardis is throwing a fuss during flight, but it needs to feel lived in cause this is the doctor's home. maybe the doctor will slowly add things from his future adventures in like a scrap book, that could work pretty well
Love the new tardis set. The only thing missing so for for me was a scanner screen? I agree that beep at the end of the story was cut short. I really wanted the beep the meep song in the episode. Apart from that excited ❤
The man who played rose is trans. Dr Who might be truly dead.
im sorry but there was so many more downs  the amount of times i nearly turned it off because of the lecturing, preaching no problem with the actors but" you assume there gender" and no male doctor can let it go ! why didnt  jodies doctor go and tell her how to do it??
please make a video explaining the Binary non binary part. the binary part means 2 becomes 1 whole. it means human and time lord it wasnt about gender so i am confused about it. its been eating my brain all night thinking about what it all means! :)
the words the doctor was saying reminded me of the password the tardis gives to rory and amy to let them back into the control room of the tardis
I think it’s the best episode I’ve seen in years. I’m very happy with it.
Ellie, it was just delightful seeing you so excited, gorgeous, heart-warming and very genuine. From one fan to another massive respect ☺😄🤩
Overall it was a pretty decent episode but I think it suffered from a couple of pacing issues and contrivances which pulled me out of the moment. To be fair there was a lot going on in this episode and next week there should be a solid footing to jump off from now everyones been reintroduced and stuff like the metacrisis has been explained away
The line Donna says to rhe Doctor about wearing a tight suit over the age of 35 is not good, i thought was brilliant.
The line Donna says to rhe Doctor about wearing a tight suit over the age of 35 is not good, i thought was brilliant.
Garbage push right off the bat.  No.
I definitely disagree with the Sonic thoughts. I freaked out in a good way when the screens showed up.   And I loved the new TARDIS interior. I really hope 15 keeps it.
The whole time Donna was talking to the doctor about friends and popping by for a visit it’s like you can’t see Amy and Rory behind his eyes as she says it and it breaks my heart
Alas... it just wasn't for me. I know people will scream at me that Doctor Who has 'always been inclusive' etc. but I just don't think was very true for this episode. This wasn't made 'for me' and they didn't try to hide it.
All the years of referring to Russel as RTD2 has now become a thing 😁.
Pretty much ruined the show by glorifying a mental health problem about 7 times in an hour. Really disappointed with the outcome. They also tarnished the original rose character by naming a man the same name.
Okay, my ups and downs.  First the ups: 1- I LOVE the conversation between Donna and her mom regarding transgender youth and the difficulties of approaching and understanding.  That is a very real conversation happening in more homes than we think. 2- The part where Donna Noble finally remembers everything was a standout for the actress Catherine Tate.  Her full acting prowess was in ful swing. 3- I didn't think about the part where you said they used real special effects vs. CGI/green screen.  I agree with you.  My downs: 1- I felt the "what personal pronouns do you use, Meep" was a little ham-handed, came off as too instructional and slowed down the story.  I understand the good intention, but it didn't work. 2- Way too Disney-fied.  I'm not sure I have exact examples, but the whole thing was really, really overly-produced. 3- I am hoping we see more darkness in the stories.  This story was very light where everything came to a happy ending of "You just let it go".  (That's an example of being Disney-fied).  One of David Tennant's talents was going from good mood to dark in a heartbeat, and Donna having to say, "You can stop, now.".  One of the reasons Donna was his companion was because he needed someone to tell him when to stop before he went too far.  That is one of the best things about past Doctor Who stories, the Doctor could sometimes be morally ambiguous, both wonderful but at times scary.
The new Tardis looks amazing, but notice those are ramps, not stairs -- which makes me think Shirley's going to be going for a ride in the Tardis before this is over.
It's great to see doctor who being good again. That said, I have a few concerns. First, a minor one, as you said, I am ok with the screen but I really dislike the forcefield, it sets a precedent for the sonic to be a plot device to resolve anything, and I hope this is a one off. Then, the major concern. Im fine with the trans subject being brought to the table though, but it is poorly handled, even patronizing at the end with the "Oh you're a man, you wouldn't know!". That's not progressive, that's just sexism but towards men. What does the "I'm the real me" even mean? That implies a very simplistic view of the "self". I hope that if these kind of subjects do come up again they will be handled better. And I also hope Davies didnt forget that the core issue with exploitation is capitalism, idealism and statism, not some floating out-of-touch ideas the far right (even the "center" nowadays tbh) attributes to their "woke" strawman.
5:40 "My biggest question is: How is nobody seeing him". Simple: Perception Filter. The reason Ruth Madeley's character Shirly Bingham found him was because she was apparently expecting him to show up and went looking for him.
If the sonic can create a screen out of nowhere does it finally have a setting for wood
9 removed the energy of the time vortex from Rose Tyler with a kiss, at the cost of triggering a regeneration. Don't know why 14 couldn't have done the same to Donna, then just held off on regenerating (like he did before he turned into 11 when he did his "farewell tour") until after he faces the Toymaker in "Giggle", thus turning into Ncuti.  Anyway..loved the action scenes. SYLVIA deserves a HUGE thumbs up 👏👏👏👏👏👏for supplying a lion's share of the humor in the episode. She had me ROLLING. New TARDIS looks AMAZING. Glad they went back to a simpler, cleaner more original design. The last few incarnations were getting too "busy". Hoping to see what the wardrobe room looks like when Ncuti takes over, because it looks like he's going to be doing a lot of costume changes.  Overall?....7/10. The Technobabble during the Meep launch scene went on WAY too long. The metacrisis resolution , such a MAJOR plot point for FIFTEEN YEARS, was resolved in kind of a  weak way. But the look and the energy of the first 60th was infectious. Found myself laughing and cheering more than once. Looking forward to the next two episodes with great anticipation.  And for the haters that can't handle some aspects of the show because they're "woke" (which those people can't even define! it's just a buzzwoird that really means nothing more than "I have an excuse to hate" for some people), be reminded that in 1963, Doctor Who was produced by a *woman*, and directed by a *Gay Indian immigrant*, which, at the time, was INCREDIBLY "woke".   And here we are...60 years later and still going strong.
Imo the sonic screwdriver needs permently removing from the show now. Its getting too OP and was overused in new who. Especisllg matts era. It was used way less in classic but destroyed because JNT thought it was overused and too OP the so doctors 5 through 7 didn't have one majority of their stints
I'll be honest... I was disappointed by this episode. A couple of things didn't make sense to me:  -it's been about 13 years since we last saw Donna, and she wasn't pregnant then, so how old is Rose supposed to be?  -at the beginning the doctor runs into Donna and Rose, okay. But then Shaun is also randomly there. And he's calling after his wife and daughter, but they don't hear him, so he's like, "whatever, I'll just take this fare." Why was he there?  -at some point the doctor seemed to stop caring whether Donna remembered or not and just started saying stuff about having two hearts etc in front of her  -how did Donna know the doctor had returned to this face? She kept asking him that, but she couldn't have known what incarnations he'd taken in the intervening time. Didn't make sense!  Overall to me the episode felt a little rushed to include both the meep storyline and the Donna one. The Donna storyline, which is the one I was really interested in, barely got space to breathe. There was never a spot where the story slowed down and you really got to feel what was happening there. Then her remembering, which should have been a huge deal, seemed to just happen too easily.  I get that it's not the same doctor who as 2005-2010. But tbh I preferred when it had a small budget and did what it could with it! The new glossy look to it and high budget don't really do it for me. Also with the sonic creating that force field, it seems a lot more superhero-inflected than before.  And sorry... I wasn't crazy about David Tennant in this episode! He looked pretty haggard to me and undoctor-like. Him wearing the trainers (ie in the recap at the start) looked a bit wrong.  Lastly, I feel that we didn't really get much of a sense of Rose's personality. Would have been nice to get a bit more dialogue establishing the character's personality.  BUT: I did like that scene between Donna and her mum about how to approach Rose's transness. I wish they'd had more scenes like this that weren't related to the main plot and instead dealt with character issues (which largely felt glossed over to me).  Also re: the lottery winnings... I would have preferred if Donna had kept the winnings and we'd seen her living it large. Wouldn't that have been fun?!  Also: Donna just flicking some switches as a climax was kind of rubbish  Promise I'll stop coming back and adding points to this 😆 I was also disappointed that, for this important episode, they didn't create an original story but reused a frankly average story from the past. I hope I'm wrong, but I don't feel it bodes well
I too think the Meta-crisis was resolved too easily & I think this foreshadows that 14's final line will definitely & definitively be "I let it go" on the 9th Dec 😭..Then again 12's final line was "I let you go" soo maybe not??
For me the issue of the sonic screwdriver capabilities aren't necessarily that they go to far. The Doctor's a pacifist and someone who wields knowledge. I imagine these are exactly the kinds of abilities he'd want. And we've seen the sonic glasses being used as a heads up display, so the projection isn't entirely out of the question.  For me it's the fact they popped up out of nowhere. No exposition, no explanation, just suddenly two extreme capabilities of what the doctor once described as 'a door handle' (Season 7, 4th serial "Inferno"). If we'd had some mini episode with a realisation that The Doctor couldn't do enough to protect people, and a workshop scene like with the 13th doctor's building of her sonic, this would've come through better.  Though it now utterly confuses me with the timeline of this. The Doctor regenerated, crashed into Davros' lab, and the scenes from this episode makes it seem like this was his first adventure post-regeneration. He just got his new Tardis interior which is usually not long after regeneration. But he already got his new (vastly upgraded) Sonic Screwdriver?
In my opinion the "letting it go" thing was rather strange and easy. If that was an option why didn't Donna do it the first time? They give the reasoning that Donna and Rose can do it because they're women through the line "something a male-presenting Time Lord will never understand", but Donna was still a woman 15 years ago? It all seems rather cheap and messes with the emotional weight of the original scene where Donna's memory is wiped. It's like a less impactful version of them bringing Palpatine back, it just messes with the original sacrifice. I just hope that Russell T. Davies doesn't continue to go down the cheap and easy road at the expense of important moments in the series' emotional weight, and doesn't continue to mess with what is already written, even by himself.
The trans stuff was so preachy and forced in this episode
literally have loved doctor who for years of my life (especially david tennant) and i loved this episode too, but my only issue is it feels like it’s reaching for inclusivity. i am a trans guy, and even the bit about the meep’s pronouns where rose basically said the dreaded “you just assumed their pronouns” line was just a tad cringey (just my opinion, although it did have a valid point. execution was just a bit meh). it felt like it had no real reason to be there other than saying “look! we get trans people! we get pronouns!” and it’s just not needed imo. but i do acknowledge that even though i’m trans i don’t actually know everything lmao maybe this was a genius move for film writing, but i don’t know. overall a great episode, i’m always gonna love everything doctor who!  i especially liked the bit about rose where donna’s mum slipped up on her pronouns. i think that alone is a really good scene for realism and having it not be all peaches and cream for a trans character. the boys on the bikes making fun of her as well.
I think Donna started remembering when the doctor just passed her the sonic quickly whilst he’s in the middle of building forcefield with it 🙄aside from that… she took it without hesitation, but I found it odd that, later he started naming it by name in front of them and resonating concrete.  Surely that would trigger memories
The contrast is a problem, you still have the "clanky" but at the same time we have the sonic doing riddiculous stuff like creating a touch screen in the air and bullet proof shield.
you forgot one tiny easter egg,  when she called her mom, dumbo
It's fascinating to see a younger generation of Who fans embrace the "cheap dodgy CGI" the same way the older generation embraced the "cheap dodgy sets." After 60 years, we can all agree that being (to quote Top Gear) "ambitious but rubbish" is part of the show's charm.
I have to be honest. I was really disappointed with the episode. There was a lot of good stuff but i didnt like the opening, how overpowered the screwdriver was, the ending with Rose felt really forced which was a shame as the earlier representation was actually good. Mostly the letting it go solution was really poor. It was an okay episode but i really hope the next two are better
2 easy fixes for the "super" sonic. 1: Find some random monitor at the factory (maybe even a security guards old tv) and use the sonic to project info from the Tardis onto it. Like using your phone to cast a streaming service to a tv. 2: Instead of stationary shields, use the sonic to create a shield bubble around the group to escape the first floor. It's only temporary because the sonic doesn't have enough power.
Super charming episode ruined by the needless trans-pandering and "male-presenting" denigration.
All the Doctor Who writers for this episode - “Man, how lucky are we they decided to use the word binary all those years ago? This is perfect for us to shove the trans bullshit in some peoples face some more .”
I have to disagree with your "down" for the opening recap. The only thing wrong I found with it was with the visual aspect. Some of the compositing seemed a bit rushed - I'm guessing it was added late in the production process. But I think it was absolutely necessary when you consider that this is the very first episode being shown on Disney+ and thereby (hopefully) bringing in a whole bunch of new viewers and potentially new fans. This segment was made with the casual D+ viewer in mind, scrolling through all the content after they've exhausted all of another Disney owned property and looking for something "new". You can't make them go chasing after videos before they're hooked, that's not how it works. You have to give them enough information to be able to understand the storyline and you have to do it within the episode itself. Once those new fans are hooked, then they'll go back and watch the videos and past episodes where they can. No one will do homework on a subject they're not yet interested in.
This episode got my mum, dad, sister and myself to sit down and watch something on TV together for the first time in YEARS! Genuinely cannot remember the last time that happened.
After watching "Unleashed" I was stunned how practical "The Meep" was!! In fact I was convinced it had a CG mouth but it didn't 🤯   They did CG the animatronic to give it more life to an overused point IMO that the animatronic might not have been needed but it gave a good reference point for the animators I'd expect. The whole thing was sooo much fun    I'm gutted we have to say goodbye on 9th Dec, need a bit longer 😭 I'm still excited for Xmas Ncuti & Millie though!!
Ellie Almost said: "I've got a warm and fuzzy feeling in my Tum-Tum"... It was the Cross0ver with What Culture Wrestling I didn't know I wanted.
There were things I like, and things I didnt. It hit the right beats at times but I wouldn't say it was perfect. Im not gonna nitpick, just my opinion is all
The actor who played Wilf passed away in 2022 and I think it would be in poor taste to recast the character, so I don’t think we’ll see Wilf again, but I love that they made the creative choice to have his character live on in the world of Doctor Who. It’s a huge tribute to Wilf and to Bernard Crimmins.  I suppose there is a chance that RTD secretly filmed one final scene with him before he passed away and that would be an incredible conclusion to this trilogy of episodes, but I am not setting my expectations too high.
Didn't it feel a bit out of place, that when the Master died he was sadder than when Donna did?
My big/unanswered question:  If the Doctor was so against Donna remembering and causing her death, why would he have created a trigger to release her memories?
How have people seen the latest episode of doctor who when it's not out yet? Is it already out?
Why? a Man in a dress? With manly features. I turned it off after the first time Rose was introduced, Thanks for the recap.
meep is chucky
The most unrealistic scene in the whole show was a teenager (Rose) not being with her phone.
I wanna comment on the screwdriver stuff cause if I get into anything else I won't be able to stop myself from writing a whole dissertation. I too got worried about the floating touchscreen thingy cause it felt very Marvel, very modern sci-fi and kinda bland. BUT it's a way more visual representation of the type of analysis the sonic always has made (except it usually kinda "whispers" into the doctor's ear and they retell it to the audience/companion) and in that sense I think it's kinda cool and even a smart way to show that process without words (tho the doctor has never been adverse to speaking to himself, so they could've gone the traditional way, but the fact that he can be quiet and contemplative while investigating gives the whole thing and this new incarnation a distinct vibe that I kinda dig). And then the forcefields... They were a lot more jarring and I don't exactly like them in the same way as the screen. But I appreciate that they took time to set up, so it's not something that is readily available for instant use, instead they feel very specific for the kinda of situation they were in at the moment (which you could say it's a bit of lazy writing, but at least it's not exactly a superpower that can get the doctor out of any sticky situation). Ultimately I'm hoping these are just features of the 14th doctor's sonic and they don't carry over to the next incarnation. Tho I won't be too mad about the screen, I feel that as soon as we have a companion by the Doctor's side and more immediate danger in the adventures it will be best to go back to interpreting the sounds of the sonic without the visual aid.
I enjoyed it thoroughly, actually watched over bits and pieces while watching it which I haven't done in a long time.
I loved the show. I was so emotional at the start before the end of the opening credits. My only "down" for this is would be Rose. Don't get me wrong, she is a strong character but I am not sure how she can be the biological daughter of Donna when she is clearly older than 14-15 years old and they make reference a few times that it had been 15 years since the Donna had her memory wiped and got married.
Donna didn’t spill the coffee, she threw it
I sat down to watch this and I literally spilled my coffee on my laptop as Ellie was describing working around her house. Not on purpose, obviously. And happy to report that after some hasty work with paper towels,  it works. And now is a pumpkin spice laptop. But I'm still gonna blame the lovely Donna.
I actually thought the whole thing about Donna not dying at first because the metacrisis had been diluted by her having a child was clever, but then the writing just became totally ridiculous. First of all, it all went too fast for me to follow everything they were trying to jam into the last minute of conflict, and then the resolution was the stupidest thing of all: “Oh yeah, this has been an unsolvable problem for the last 15 years or so but no problem now, because we’re both women (and you, Doctor, would never know what that is like 🙄) and therefore we can just let things go”. Now, I’d like to preface my next statement by saying that I haven’t watched past the end of 11’s run in New Who, but geez, this ending was the worst writing I’ve seen from Doctor Who. It’s just pointless empowerment towards women that is in no way earned by the female characters (seriously, the doctor’s female companions were doing cooler and more empowering things back in the 2000s and guess what, their achievements then weren’t nonsensical, so they didn’t need to be spelled out for the audience). And to top it all off, and I say this as a woman myself, the absolute stupidest skill you could say that women have and men don’t is the skill to let things go. I’ve been a woman on this planet for a long time, and I have met a lot of women and a lot of men, and guess what, a lot of people (of each gender) can let things go, or they can’t. This isn’t a black and white “women can and men can’t and that’s all there is to it”. Everyone has the potential for everything. However, in my own experience the tendency is actually the opposite of how this episode painted it. If someone asked me to point out which gender typically has a more difficult time letting go of things, I would say women, and this is because I am like this, my mother is like this, many of my other female family members are like this, and many of my female friends are like this. In fact, one of the things I appreciate most about men is their ability to let things go and keep moving forward. So yeah, this ending was badly written and dumb, and even as an attempt at female empowerment it fell flat on its face. Still crossing my fingers for the next two specials, and there were many parts of this that I really did enjoy, but my overall expectations have now been lowered.
I think the Dr uses the old ‘ the more obvious and less skulky you are the less people will notice’ trick 😊
I honestly feel like it was a meh episode, and felt really janky and didn't flow as well as it was supposed to
A tad overgenerous I think.  The downs were delivered so apologetically, but I thought were good points.  Overall I agree it was good, just not that good, doesn't leave you anywhere to go next.
I think the whole Metacrisis thing "letting go" would have worked so much better if it had been "find someone to share it with, and let go together". That way the emotion of the series 4 ending of the situation is still there, and it makes sense why she couldn't let go until now. Maybe even add the rest of the family and the doctor to the letting go group, Rose and Donna in the middle.
I loved this episode - it was magical to see a comic strip I read as a kid brought to live action.  My only "down" was the heavy-handed way some of the social commentary was handled. I think those sorts of messages are more effective when you create a thought provoking situation and then let the viewer draw their own conclusions later.   RTD does have a tendency to tell the viewer what their correct conclusion should be. When he resisted that urge (with the "dead-naming" scene ) it worked, but the whole binary thing at the end was needlessly didactic.... It also ruins my pet theory that Donna was going to give up that regenerative energy at some point to help Ncuti complete his regeneration.
An up was asking Meeps pronouns
Sonic screwdriver has evolved into The Doctor’s magic wand.  Period.
Is it able to do wood now 😂
Overall another disappointing episode   The tardis did look great. Wonder if they’ll keep it after these specials or change again…  I thought it was a bit insulting when Donna said the doctor couldn’t figure out that you can let got if the meta crisis because he presents as a man.   A - I don’t think one’s problem solving abilities depend on sex or gender  B - even if it’s true why didn’t Jodie Whittaker figure it out during her time as the doctor.
I do understand how you feel about not being able to watch the next episode live as that was me last night. I was on the bus home from work when it aired and then I had to wait for my son to come home and be ready to watch as we were watching it together. It was an agonising wait. I really enjoyed the episode. Donna and Rose being able to just let go of the metacrisis energy because they're female was a bit iffy, imo and it felt a bit easy considering we'd had hammered home Donna would die, when she was all, in I can just shrug it off. Don't get me wrong, the idea that Rose had inherited the energy and so shared the burden was brilliant. Loved the Meep. I know he's evil, but does anyone else think he was being genuine with Rose when she was explaining how she felt and he says she's lonely? Can't wait for next week's episode!
Davies is gonna break our hearts and I ent ready😢
We also have to allow new things to add to the DW lore to keep it moving forward and not being stuck on RTD1 era and to be excited for the RDT2 era😉
The Doctor and Donna on opposite sides of Glass is similar to Partners in crime. But also like Wilf and Doctor or Spock and Kirk
With all the buildup and hype around this special I wish we could say there were no downs at all. But that's not realistic. Still, the ups massively outweighed the downs, so I'm happy.
My heart melt when, The Meep, is in the shed, asking the toys, be my friend, why won't you be my friend.
For years my favourite TARDIS control room was Matt Smith's second TARDIS set but as of last nite after watching the star beast just like you Ellie this new control room has become my favourite it's a really cool set can't wait to see Ncuti operating the console  😃
About the TARDIS... I rly like the design, but it honestly feely a bit empty right not. I have the feeling (or hope) that this will change afterwards but for now I am not sure if it's part of the story to symbolize something for example or if they just said, "yep, that's it!"
It was good... Till it wasn't. I appreciate the effort of inclusion but they didn't need to shove it down everyone's throat. Like the opening with Rose was enough. Now she's trans because of space magic... Woo?
40-somethings.... not bad eh? 7 or 8ish out of 11. EDIT: Give no other one hearted human these reviews please. I was cutting onions.
As far as the sonic gose the thing is over 2000 year old probably colder to to 3000 as a conservative estimate, I think it was well do for a firmware update rather than just a aesthetic one. One thing I also loved is the show runner and writers are not afraid or have other characters take the piss out of the Doctor. Something that I think really hurt J.W. Doctor.
2 things with me....1 when he goes in the tardis at the end he acts like he's never seen it. ie it changed when he left it when he landed. So when he landed when he opened the door. Why couldn't they have a orangeish background just to show the transition from jodies to davids. 2 where in the world did that sonic come from haha
I have been an avid Doctor who fan for decades, never missed an episode, until Chris Churnbull took over, I tried hoping it would get better but it was terrible, and now RTD is back with David Tennant, and it was amazing.
Couldn't Doctor Donna just let it go all those years ago? It seemed too easy, but at that point in the story, I was too happy to care.
Not gonna lie, never watched any of Jodie's episodes, so going straight from Capaldi into this. The writing was so bad.   The resolution of the Meta-crisis was really poor for me as well. I like the Idea of the effect being nullified by her having a child, however the daughter suddenly becoming non-binary when she had been referred to as She / Her, not they them, proved to me the writers don't understand how transgenderism works at best.
I loved this episode because classic Nu-Who is back.  This felt like an RTD episode and I'm very very happy about that.  My only down of the episode is that I think The Doctor should know that the Meta Crisis can be let go.  He's a Time Lord and he would know what's involved with it.   They could've had a scene where Donna asks him why he didn't just tell her to let it go before and he could've said he thought she wouldn't let something so great go.   It just seemed weird to me.  If you look at the scene where Donna spills coffee on the TARDIS controls, it really looks like something made her do it, it didn't look natural so maybe The Toy Maker is getting started and maybe it's whatever villain we'll meet in Wild Blue Yonder.  Overall great start back into the show.
One of the biggest letdowns for me was, of course, the sonic screwdriver. It felt like they just received a large amount of money and decided to squander it by making everything overly sci-fi. However, I despise it. I believe the sonic screwdriver's power lies in its simplicity and straightforward concept.
I still believe that all Doctor Who was programmed and designed from the very beginning, and this is all a great Russell T Davies Masterplan. But still, if you take away the emotion from Davros (no more chair means no more pain and no more rage), I believe Doctor Who will still be interesting and cerebral, but the emotion is gone for me. That's why I don't mind for spoilers.
The sonic is the craziest part
I knew some people wouldn't like the new "super" sonic. I dont mind it too much, at least for the anniversary specials, but i wish it had been kind of acknowledged by the Doctor going "huh that's new"
Another down for me was the apparent misandry that happened towards the end and the male bashing that occurred, the gender assumption earlier in the episode seemed a little forced, but this on the end was just typical Disney 'wokeness'.
It's not just Tennant and blowing up Tardises, it's also Tennant and hot drinks getting into their machinery(maybe the whole thing was intended by the Tardis, it was positive before)
Rose should have been a real girl
I love the ups and downs, but we need to stop comparing everything to the MCU, DW should never be compared  like that especially since DW has been around way before these icon Sci Fi shows and films.   Great job😉😃🙏🏼
Agree about the sonic screwdriver - although it's a tricky call because technology is moving so fast that the fiction of the sonic screwdriver is in danger of being redundant and left behind. But as a 'get out of any fix' gadget, if the viewer has no concept of the limitations of the sonic screwdriver, it feels like a lazy writer's dream.
There is an unnoticed nod if you don’t know the place. Cyberdog ! And twice ! Bbrr 🫣😱
I absolutely loved this special. The tone and effects were stop on. All the actors did an amazing job as well. This feels like Doctor Who again.  Although, letting go of the Metacrisis was such a cop out. I’m partially glad they did it early, so we have original Donna back for longer, but be a little more creative. The Doctor, male or otherwise, has been alive for hundreds of years since then and never thought to just let it go? It could’ve been used as a clever way to take down an overambitious villain. Also, make the point that them letting go was due to their human nature and the doctor never considered it because he had a time lord’s way of thinking. The doctor donna or 13 could’ve come up with that solution if it was just gender based.
I don't have the nostalgia others have since I started watching back in the 80's. I liked it but had similar issues.  They had the recap and basically the same scene in the house. Word for word.  I never liked the overuse of the sonic.  I didn't like the end solution. Came off as we didn't really have a way to  solve it. Also, did Rose just say someone wouldn't understand due to how they present? So 13th would but after a big talk how  the Doctor is both and neither we are going to say Time Lord who prese as male?  Also was crazy about the end theme.   Did love the console room.  Bits of the best of all of them.  Didn't like the round doors though.  Too spaceship design.  They should always be door doors to me.
The worst part about the intro narration is that both The Doctor and Donna nearly repeat everything they are saying to other characters ten minutes later. That's 2-3 minutes that ccould've been used on anything else. I would have loved a scene where Doctor finds one of the stuffed animals and goes. 'AWE dats cute.... wait.... something feels familiar' and gets distracted. Something to make the twist later in the episode feel more organic.
A down was the deadnaming of Rose
Take a down Ellie for not calling out the blatant anti-male sexism that went on throughout this episode. Diversity is great when it's natural, but we're supposed to be being supportive of all races and sexes. This hating on white males has to stop. Shame on RTD, shame on the BBC and Disney, and shame on you.
No it is not the nastalgia.. The actors have great chemistry with each other and makes everything believable.  The story written much better than Jodie Whitaker run and the showrunner should not be mentioned.  The Metacrisis is what I really didn't care for.  I did like the fact half of Doctor Donna went into Rose.  That both have latent or suppressed memories of the Doctor.  I actually thought the sequence of trigger words worked better than some telepathy.   I don't care where some ideas come from even if they come from Marvel as long as they work in the show. The reason why Rose chose her name.  That actually made sense.   Then Rose is Trans due to the energy of the Doctor is the real part that I have a problem.  Both Rose and Donna letting go of the Energy and what looks like regeneration and some how I feel it doesn't fix the problem of them burning out. As for Sonic Screwdriver well I think of it as a modern day cell phone.  A computer in a person's pocket.
Just had an idea about the new TARDIS design. What if they have made if full of ramps so that they can have a scene of the Doctor and Donna pushing Wilf through it in his wheelchair as a sort of final goodbye
@Whoculture hi there, my name is Kayleigh. The theme with all the colours made the Whovian in me very happy, it also made my ADHD very happy too.  100000\10 I loved it, though I do agree with your thoughts on the recap scene Ellie
For me the most nostalgic moment in the whole episode was that slightly awkward moment when Donna and the Doctor where shouting random tech words at each other(with extra points for the S4 finale reference). And of course Donna calling him Thin man.
if it took all the "code words " to get Donna to actually remember why so much fear of her seeing his "old" face that and "releasing the metacrisis " were big misses imho and the whole coffee thing was just silly -- this episode feels too rushed and would have been better as a 2 parter me thinks
I love the idea that wilfs “silver cloaks” help unit find threats or information often and that’s the official reason he’s being taken care of by unit, and that he’s not the only one.
The new controle room remids me of the classic TARDIS, and the roundals are back.
Didn't like the binary non binary part thets put in to please the trans agenda woke movement weirdos but Tennant back as doctor who amazing
Gotta be honest... I thought it felt rushed in parts and way too long in other scenes. Didn't really like the binary / non-binary reveal, really hated the exposition at the beginning and never felt anything for any of the characters. Callbacks and eastereggs alone don't make up for that, I think. (Now THAT is what feels Marvel about it.) Wasn't for me, at least not on my first watch. maybe it grows on me over time.... I hope the next one is better.
I saw it the moment it was aired at disney + & it was Fantastic.Also ,WhoCulture  I believe the 11th made a shield on his first adventure with Victorian Clara but not enough budget those days to be fully visible.
Yeah it felt a very anticlimactic resolution to the whole thing.
I also loved The Doctor invoking articles of the Shadow Proclamation again from the get go.
During the truck scene and the "the sort of thing he would do" I was half expecting Donna to clarify she means Wilf
Thank you!
Disney ruined the ending with that completely unnecessary pronoun crap. I'm glad it was full of action and had a decent story line though.
I 100% agree with you, about the new Sonic abilities.
I'd have liked to seen Donna and Rose in the next 2 episodes and then at the end the Dr taking the metacrisis back from the both of them. Giving their lives back, but forcing his regeneration into the next doctor.. but I'm sure RTD has a better regeneration planned 😂
The very second I saw the Meep, I knew (predicted) it would be the villain.
David Tennant pulling out random props out of his pockets is peak Dr Who.
I have been watching Doctor Who for, pretty much, 60 years, and believe me, The Star Beast was a fantastic episode, and Ellie, I love your enthusiasm 😊
Another up for me it the callbacks to previous music. A bit of the Doctor's theme from series 1/2, a bit of 'a madman with a box' from series 5 (though because of the scene that was in, I feel 'a good man' would have been better. And of course, Donna's theme
It felt like the show I loved was back, and it made me even more excited to see Ncuti. You are going to have people cry woke just because of Rose being a character at all in it, and adressing anything to do with current day. So you should not write around those people to stop them from getting mad. There was just one line that made me raise my eyebrow, something I wouldn't have done if RTD hadn't said in some interview. That he is of course well aware and thrilled by the fact that the show has a dedicated adult fanbase. But Doctor Who must be written for children in mind first and then you can add elements to where an adult watching will understand it on a different level than a child. A sentiment I agree with.   Which is why I think this one comment before Donna and Rose let go of the metacrisis energy was strange. When she says that it's too bad that he is no longer a woman because as a man he can no longer understand that they could just let it go. The Doctor and Donna relationship contains a lot of ribbing and making fun at the others expense and whenever we saw that on display it worked perfectly. It's the sort of sibling rivalry thing that a lot of people can relate to. With the mind set "we can make fun of each other but I will have your back if someone else comes after you."  Being and adult, I understand that the line about letting go is a jab at the anti-woke people who can't stand a joke being made at their expense. What I don't think it took into account is you are going to have young boys who are watching the show, maybe some who started with 13 and is their Doctor now getting used to a new one. But I'm also sure it will bring in a new young audience because it's now easier for people to watch through Disney Plus. What you have just told those young boys who doesn't have the context or any ill will, is that they are lesser.
Yeah that new sonic have to agree. First time I’ve been like okay what?
I felt the same way about the new use of the sonic. It seemed at bit out of place. And how would this doctor even know how he could use these new features?
Why do the insists on wrecking every thing with woke crap even doctor who is getting f**ked
I think with the realism of Meep it also helped that they probably pulled a trick similar to Grogu(Baby Yoda) by designing him purposefully like a puppet(which also serves the plot) so they could use CGI and props interchangeably better without it being noticed.
Funny thing about the opening credits: there are vibes and callbacks to previous credit sequences. The tunnel cloud of the Matt Smith titles combined with the round pattern reminiscent of the cog clockwork of the Peter Capaldi credits.
The 13th Doctor needed them some RTD scripts!  His pacing, plotting, and economies of character make his stories very tasty.
Loved your Ups and Downs, It pretty much matches mine.  I do have a suggestion about spicing it up a bit.  In TrekCulture you have the dilithium Up and bits, how about do something like (Sonic Up/Cloister Down) for your favourite bit and least favourite bit.    Also was just me but from the moment I saw Donna’s family Bernard Cribbins was on my mind throughout their scenes? Up until the Doctor mentions him in the living room 😢 and the joy I felt when they said he wasn’t dead and that UNIT was looking after him 🥲
Has anyone mentioned the Cyber-Dog yet?  At the start, blurry, looked like a Cyberman in the background, then at the end, very clear, is it a hint of things to come?
I really didn't like it and I'm so disappointed that I'm saying that.
Absolutely agree- that intro sequence may have been deemed necessary but David’s part looked so bolted on? Why floating in space- with all the effort in special effects  for the series, why like this? I also agree the new sonic abilities were just not Doctor Who - it was using effects for no good reason- running away was always good enough previously. I hope this doesn’t translate throughout the future episodes. I had to laugh, those screens could easily have been shot around too. I loved Donna, her hubby, Sylvia and in most places The Doctor but he is so in-Doctory in so many places. Whether this is purposely done, he keeps saying he doesn’t know who he is anymore but one thing about using the same doc twice, it’s just not the same but in an uncomfortable (for me) way. I’m giving this all a chance until I’ve seen the next two episodes and the new Doctor. Great to see Doctor Who back, (so happy!) having so much attention for a change.
This might be unpopular. But I feel like Disney sort of infected doctor who, with a lot of marvel sort of stuff, I don't know if marvelesque is a word. It just felt a bit weird.
Rose could only have been 13 ish at most (as they talk about it being 15 years since everyone happened). It was weird that she was mates with the little kid as a fully grown adult.   Plus RTD with his ‘male presenting Timelords don’t understand…’ what sexist nonsense.  Still, it ticked all the boxes intended I suppose
Terrible episode, worst in the 50 yrs u have been watching 😊
Welcome to the Disney TARDIS!
I really liked this episode except for the resolution of the Donna arc which (and this can be a rtd issue at times) felt a bit cheap and cheesy. But damn, it worked, but it was far too easy.
OMG Ellie! I love the thing you do with your hands every single time you say the “Wrawrth” ! Absolutely love it my friend!😂
for me i wondered why the sonic wasnt able to do the screen and shield sooner, however it makes sense as every new sonic had upgrades, and is supposed to be way beyond our tech. and i completely agree about the Rawoth, while a bit hokey they were absolutely brilliant,  and the scene about Wilf had me tearing up.
I was surprised about the new sonic screwdriver capabilities. I assume every function of it is clearly going to be passive, I don't know how I feel, a bit undecided. If they wanna tone down it's capabilities in the future they can easily have it damaged by something.
I hope the new Tardis gets some stuff in it. As it feels a bit too big & empty at the minute. As it hopefully will end with the same amount of stuff as we saw with the Capaldi Tardis as it feels empty at the moment but I am sure if they have built such a large set they'll fill it with a bunch of stuff.
How did Donna know her family were trapped & at risk? She should have thought they were miles away!
Another additional up for me was Roses neighbor kid pal, Fudge (I love it---his name was FUDGE! From the OG strip!!). I hope we see him again, I really liked him. He's got an open, inquisitive mind & accepted Rose for who she is right off the bat, no warbling on about her being different or anything. He's just a good, excitable, energetic kid. We need more like him. 😊  Also, in NO WAY is the peril of the Metacrisis over. If you thought that was too easily resolved, you're right! I'm calling it now... By episode 3, the Toymaker will be taking advantage of it for SOME reason!!!  (ValeyardValeyardVALEYARD!)  Also, take an up for the shiny hair. (You didn't think that I wasn't going to make that joke again? HA!!) 😊❤
The Meep. That is such a Mote in Gods eye moment. To just use a classic sci fi concept. Horrid.
For me the sonic worked fine because it was slow and limited , not just one button magic wall
I feel the recap could have been done so much better if it was like the doctor talking to someone in a club reminiscing about donna
The only part I really had a serious problem with was that incredibly sexist line toward the end, saying The Doctor - being male-presenting - was unable to let go of things.  Sexism is sexism, no matter who it's directed at. You're not being an ally by demonizing a different group of people.   And a friend of mine pointed out that the obvious line SHOULD have been: "Doctor, you've been gone all this time and still haven't learned how to let go."  Bam. Perfect line and fits the story they are actually telling much, much better.
I loved it but would have been nice to see him get his new Sonic, everyone I can remember gets a new sonic from the tardis
About the Doctor-Donna-Rose metacrisis resolution. I think that no matter what the fandom have speculated all this years, it would never live up to the expectations we put it on.  I honesty like the ideia that the metacrisis energy has passed down and Rose can take part of the load, so in a way she saved her mother. But I also see the fact that it is incredibly fast given the runtime of the episode.
I mean people upgrade technology all the time so it adds up to me that the sonic would eventually get an upgrade.
The whole episode was brilliant.
Can we appreciate the music when The DoctorDonna showed up and the Doctor and Donna just pop off?… it was 11’s theme and it made me SO HAPPYYYYYYYYYYYYY
It was nice. I even tried to watch it in Slovak dub, but that was a bit out of place.
If the rest of the "specials" are like the first one, I'm not interested anymore.
Sadly, Bernard passed away on the 22nd of July 2022, but I'm glad that Wilf is alive and well in Doctor Who.
I wish they'd credited David as "David Fourteenant", but perhas I'm the only one who thinks that's funny.
I’d like to add a couple of things the first just a passing note in regards to the sonic screwdriver. I also thought it was a bit OTT than my left Britain kitchen and said possibilities for technology used in the past and present and he’s come into a world.
It was a good episode nothing too special for me, was enjoying it mostly for the first 2 acts but the final act just felt so rushed and anticlimactic. And that whole "I'll just let it go" is one of the stupidist things they could have took that story and kinda ruined my feelings of the episode. Dr who is back is still pending
The cinematography is filmed like the start of series 11 giving it a more movie like feel and I was hoping they would have brought back the more generic feel they had. Something felt off and didn't enjoy it like I did when they last aired together.
Honestly, in terms of the new Sonic Screwdriver, as long as the running gag of it doesn't work on wood still applies, I'm fine with whatever it can do. Also, for me at least, I personally like the visual screen that the screwdriver can make now. I always found it ood that the Doctor could tell what the screwdriver was able to find, even though it had nothing to give them the ability to understand it. you lot can say that it's the same situation for the Tardis, but the difference is that the Tardis has a conscience, the screwdriver doesn't.
RTD writes supporting roles, families and minorities as no one else. They always feel real, not only symbols or archetypes. This is what I missed the most about the show after him, cause even when moffat did characters well (and I absolutely love Clara) they always felt a bit like tv / movie characters y'know?  And as on the nose as the conclusion of the episode felt, I think it was fitting coming from a female doctor into a male to acknowledge trans people from what is essentially a trans main character. RTD always has a way to ground the representation of minorities into reality in a way that anyone with a heart (or two) can empathyze. I do think its because these characters feel like real people, and it is rare for media to get "real" people.
they made the little sh*ts on the bikes realistic, they'd ride past on the other side of the road insulting Rose and dead naming her but are too scared to actually stop in front of Donna and say the same cause they'll get the bikes thrown at them an up for me, it made the racist, transphobic, homophobic, hateful and idiotic people mad which makes me happy 🤣
Overall the ep was great but it was so heavy handed with the trans stuff. I thought RTD would've handled it better like in his original stint of the show. All up for having diversity but not if they make it front and centre of the episode
Binary, really 😮 woke crp.
The sonic screwdriver isn't actually doing anything it couldn't before... They're just using some of that Disney+ money to better visualise what it does.
Its "The Meep"
I loved the episode, and I think they addressed the trans / non-binary well AT THE START. i do think the "non-binary" part was so on the nose and almost shoehorned in to show "Look, we at BBC are inclusive!", and then the "Let it go" part at the end felt like a male writing feminism unfortunatley. Which is Woman > Men over equality. I was hoping the three of them would be able to think of something between them all. Apart from those parts it was super refreshing coming back to RTD's writing over Chib.
I like the new sonics capabilities it's Dr Who after all this episode was great cant wait till next weekend
The new screwdriver *mechanics* are an up and down for me. Holograms, i could imagine that. Doc12 had sonic glasses, and the holograms is just a way for us to see more of what the doctor would seen through his sonic glasses, effectively an extension of an already existing gimmicky sonic tool. Sonic forcefields? yeah a bit too much.
I thought the episode was OK, a solid 7/10. Unfortunately the representation stuff felt really on the nose and didn't really make a lot of sense when it came to the plot. Rose as a character was fine, no problem there.  Visually and in terms of fun factor it was a winner. It was just pretty clunky in some pivitol areas and I'm not gonna be surprised if next week's episode turns out better since we won't be dealing with certain elements again.
It was laughably awful, every thing here is cope.
You have got to be kidding.  This is exactly the stuff that made most of the UK switch off from something they'd look forward each year for 60 years!  This is the stuff that made it such a basket-case that it had all but been cancelled by the BBC, which allowed it to be sold off so easily in a hostile takeover business deal.    You'll eventually get past the psychic-paper of 'oh, remember Tennant and Catherine' and realise that it was a con-job. That attitude and messaging that tainted everything (starting with Capaldi - and its not his fault) is still there.
Is nobody going to mention that the Wrarth are just straight up Gromflomites....?
Loved the episode and I adore the new Tardis look definitely the best yet. I do agree that I didn’t like the opening, I get that new fans needed a catch up but  a lot of that was covered in the Doctors chat with the unit lady and it could have been done better surely? Maybe it could be a nightmare the Doctor has that we get to see, it would have worked quite well with him having a old face back, that bad memories would be intensified and come out as a nightmare.  The new use of the sonic I have no issues with yes it can now do way more than it could do prior, but the tech in long running shows, and Star Trek is prime example of this needs, to update to reflect a level above our current technological advancement because the Doctor is supposed to be a Alien from and advanced race I need to be wowed and impressed by it’s abilities.
22:20 how is this an up this is godawful writing, not only did they not explain anything about what happened and how but they forced the fact she is non binary with no real reason it was horrendus
So, the sonic. I feel like in the past that maybe once every few episodes it will do something new and exciting. In this ep it seemed a comoletely new tool and im not sure i like it. Drawing a full on shield?! Cool, glad the budget allows it, looks great, but just doesnt feel right.   Also the binary / non binary moment. Im not totally onboard. I loved Yasmin in the episode and I loved the earlier moments of donna standing up for Rose and the discussion of "what do I say". The ending deus ex maxhina just felt off to me.   Overall though, really enjoyable episode.
I'm scared for Donna's daughter as if Donna married in 2010, she can only be at the most 13 years old. Obviously she looks a lot older than 13 - so what's going on?
Meet meep
ha! As an American I always watch with captions on. Even your team’s videos. Sometimes my ear can’t make out the accent.   I felt the same about the sonic shields. What is it made out of?  I could maybe get behind the display screen. Like it’s a visual representation of what the Doctor had been listening to/reading all these years. But the screen felt a touch too far. It was cool, but felt like it needed another tool.   Up- the Doctor getting to know meep & how they both had two hearts.   Down- DoctorDonna suddenly knowing everything about the Doctor. How’d she know he used to be a female? It wasn’t discussed in front of her. It wasn’t something from her past to remember or infer. The doctor doesn’t know everything so why should DoctorDonna? Maybe it’s a time skip since the audience already knew. But it felt unearned.
The wilf thing actually killed me. I had to pause the episode right there and then lmaooo started thinking about 10 sacrificing himself just for Wilf to live a couple of extra years and that nearly broke me
The bulk of the Meep scenes and the bottom legs of the rocket were also practical efffects :D
With the sonic "drawing" the screen i think the story telling could have been done the same way by the doctor sneaking a look at some UNIT screens then using the sonic to enhance the readings.
the ending was some of the worst writing in doctor who history
I hope at least Rose likes Caucasian men, with the exception of Rory(not including the Dr he does not count, he's an alien) they never seem to get any love from the girls on the show, Martha, Rose, Donna, Yaz, Bill and Clara either liked girls or black guys.
My only issues:  1. Excuse me where is my middle 8? I guess I'll take the end credits (I really want it in the opening).  2. The sonic screwdriver shield. I hope there are more limitations of the revealed or maybe only 14's sonic will have it. I'm fine with the screens.  3. As a non-binary person, I wasn't sure about the "non-binary" line at the end. Felt a bit clumsy for RTD but also I think that could be down to the fact that this episode really needed 90 minutes I think. I think maybe Rose is a non-binary trans woman and they didn't have enough time to convey that properly. Idk. It seems to have confused a lot of people who don't know a whole lot about different gender identities.  4. The "letting go" thing. I hope that's not the actual solution and it's all part of the Toymaker's game or something.  5. I'm worried that the line about the Doctor and Donna being there to save London is all the explanation we're gonna get for his face. I hope not.  Those are my only issues. Still the best Doctor Who's been since  Series 5. I love the music (epic classical music is what I mostly listen to so I really do love it). I loved it she Sylvia misgendered Rose accidently. It felt very real and natural. No hatred behind it, just someone from a different generation learning. It was very real.x
In the Doctor Who Unleashed video Tennant said he snuck onto the Tardis set while Ncuti was filming. So either its the regeneration scene or Ncuti is keeping the new look.
Excellent review I love your enthusiasm it’s quite contagious.  It makes me happy to see people love Doctor Who as much and more than I do.
The Tardis is now wheelchair accessible.
I could have done without the woke lecture on pronouns otherwise it was pretty much back to form, thankfully.
Whoculture, you don't have to keep saying "The situation with Rose" "the binary thing". Rose is trans. It isn't a dirty word
Loved that, had a massive smile on my face most of that episode, haven't felt like that in a long time watching doctor who  I'm 50/50 on the sonic screwdriver, the doctor has basically listened to it to receive similar information that he got through the screen that we see, it was perhaps a way to show it to the audience rather than just tell us and the shields I think are an ok progression for it's capabilities. It's a tool to protect and break into places, not to kill. The meep was so cute, it both melted and broke my heart with the look and the voice
Hope the TARDIS gets filled up with junk and trinkets as the seasons go on. Make it feel more homely.
It was actually quite good.  I liked it a lot. One of my favourite things about the Series was the music, withing the episodes.  Esp. with 11, the build up, as he's getting on and doing what the Doctor does.  My only 'eh' was the music was more Disney than Doctor Who.  I loved the cast and can't wait to see Wilf.
Wish they were back fore three four seasons, RUSSELL T DAVIS BIG MISTAKE NOT GETTING THEM BACK FORE GOOD, LOVED THE EPISODE , BACK TO WHAT DOCTOR WHO AS ALWAYS BEEN WITH THESE TWO GREAT ACTORS , AND COMEDY, TEARS TO MY EYES SEEING THEM BACK AGAIN
Absolutely brilliant episode! However not perfect. I didn't like how the cracks in the earth were completely reversed and didn't like how Donna and Rose could get rid of the meta crisis just because they're women and that men wouldn't understand. Just felt like I was being made inferior
This woke agenda will destroy Dr Who. Viewership under Jodie plummeted and it’s going to crater with this tripe.
BEST DOCTOR EVER, GREAT CHEMISTRY WITH KATHERINE TATE, AND THE COMEDY THEY ALWAYS HAD TOGETHER
I absolutely LOVED the 'Tuna Madras' moment!!!! There were lots of hugely impactful moments in the episode- but as I drifted off to sleep last night it was to the refrain of  'Tuna Madras' playing over in my head. Jackie was absolutely desperate to wrench things back to the mundane and normal, and this simple exchange with Shaun played over everyone else's stunned silence was just brilliant!
You mean warm and fuzzy in you tum tum
Massive down for the Binary stuff, sooooo bad and unneeded, it was like oh ffs why!! It was pathetic
It was really rather poor tbf, a million times better than anything Chibnal put out. However, I wasn't exactly 'silence in the library'
Woke garbage, that's what this episode was. I'm not touching the rest, I don't want to see them ruining my Doctor.
I actually think the sonic was used appropriately as previous doctors have been doing that kind of thing - but a quality show in previous decades doesn't allow for translucent screens to be portrayed - but as an audience we could believe that is what the doctor was doing.
Thank you for making the episode feel better. I was left crying with the way they went with the story but now I am feeling better. Kudos
it would of been good if donna died and regenerated in to the new guy....... with the "what the hell is going on" line.... thats a very donna thing to say.
I don’t think the rawth warriors looking janky, the spaceship having a very “toy spaceship” shape and the meep being confused for a toy is a coincidence.
Another lecture of The Message! Making a whole show about trans people. I wouldn't have minded so much if the trans actor could act. Ive seen more emotion from a plank of wood. David Tennant is so good. can see why they brought him back again. got to get those ratings up to indoctrinate more kids with The Message!!
the intro was because of the mess left by the previous season an show runner... btw Doctor who wasnt always crap intro
I was giddy i laughed and i cried a tonnnnne when they mwntioned wilf
we still got a woke telling off.... "just let it go.... shame you're not a women or trans cos we can let it go unlike you.... let it go... an let us abuse ur kids etc etc"
The most Doctor Who thing in the episode for me is when they are all in the industrial lift going up and you can tell the lift isn't really moving, it's the camera moving simulating going up with all the actors pretending to be jolted when it moves.  That made me smile a lot.
"the message" is strong and transmissions are key
I really really liked 80% of the episode but I just couldn't get behind the wrap up to the doctordonna situation. I just wasn't as attached to Rose as I was the pre-existing characters so her being the solution at the end just felt like nothing.  And as for the rest, I can accept that the metacrisis was averted by sharing it amongst multiple people. There was no need to re-introduce the stakes of -oh no it's only slowed down, now we need another solution. Just pick one! Either the metacrisis can just be dismissed by force of unwill, or it can be diluted by being shared. And also, as someone who does not identify as a man (a woman), I am not especially well versed in letting things go, but thanks so much Dr Who for implying I should be. Love that.
Great review 👌🏿
Loved the episode. Have to disagree with the down on the meta crisis though. Donna's comment that letting go is not a solution the Doctor would have considered, is totally true. Especially at the time the crisis happened. Would have made more sense with a single line like "since its half in two people we can just let the rest go" or something like that. A one liner would have made it clearer and better.
Woke trash. How dare that male actor steal an acting job from a actress 😢
I'm fine with the Sonic making barriers, as long as it's the only new big thing the sonic can do. And maybe they had so sacrifice some other features to do that. If we see more logical and creative extensions of the Sonics capabilities like what he did to the bricks then it will work for me.
I admit, I wasn't hyped going into this due to a multitude of reasons...not a huge fan of RTD nor 10 really ... But this entire thing felt off in terms of post Regen story this is worst since twin dilemma...throwing non stop shooting and explosions and stuff was so jarring the scripting was off, the best bits were the initial scenes with Donna and rose ...and I appreciate the puppetry of the creatures too ....but the sonic makes everyone bulletproof now, and magically be like a wand again, the gold music is too loud bombast and repetitive makes me appreciate Segun even moreso ... Jodie presence I felt was missing here Tennant didn't have the charm of Whittaker imo , he just felt...there hiding behind walks and skulking about then jumping about with 10isms....for a start if an entire new era (before people say I've already seen ....wait til church of ruby road that's the real beginning excuses) no for an opener it needs to be great! Every previous era had a fantastic launch pad this felt m...very disneyfied
Also wasn't a fan of the new Sonic.  Especially the teleporting feature as things like that will have fans wondering in future episodes, 'why not use it?'  Also, (and I know some features aren't screwdriver-based) when can screwdrivers draw?  If they are going to alter its function, they need to alter its name.  Sonic Multi-tool for example.  As for the episode, it was alright.  The only main issue relates to the wheelchair user.  In one scene, she crosses her legs, using her legs.  Now, I understand she may not be paraplegic but it did look odd and made me wonder if the toymaker was using her as a disguise.  (as his involvement was theorised)
Simon miller you seeing this she stole your gimick haaa well done on this
Actually, especially the projecting of shields of the Sonic is something that fits to the Doctor very well. I know it has become sort of a multi tool by now, but at least the features are fitting to the Doctors personality...
No they ruined it they just had a bigger budget
Absolutely loved it and with it being back.  Only disappointment (obviously, few things I didn't like but no disappointments apart from this) was that when they entered the TARDIS, the doctor didn't exclaim l, 'the round things' as a cool back to the 50th
Well on the positive side the new Tardis was fantastic, great title sequence minus the music, quality of writing hugely improved. The production value was far higher, which I assume is down to extra money from Disney. Some great scenes like the journey through the attic and the sonic forcefields. There was something about trying to recreate the 10th Doctor and Donna that did not feel the same though. The court scene in the car park felt like an attempt to recreate the magic but fell a bit flat. My main problem though was RTD seems to have wanted to create a diversity promotional episode, and then added the sci-fi adventure elements to it afterwards, rather than the other way around. When Rose said pronouns, binary etc. I just thought, give it a rest Russel, this is supposed to be escapism and entertainment, we have this in the media constantly nowadays. I have no objection to a diverse cast, Doctor Who has always had that, but cant they just play their parts without always drawing attention to their attributes. It distracts from the plot.
This is gonna be Ncuti’s TARDIS too David Tennant has said so himself talking about visiting Ncuti on set so don’t worry lol. Phil Colinson saying RTD please don’t do this to us when he read the script about making them spend loads of money on a TARDIS and then immediately blowing up the console was pretty funny though.
I agree with the sonic, it’s already become too powerful (I love the sonic and always want it to be involved, but as a tool not a wand) and when you add more extravagant powers to it, they’re sort of stuck there unless you find a way to explain them away and you’re left with, in the future, questions like “wait, the sonic can do this why didn’t they use it here”. I also agree it felt too easy getting rid of the meta crisis energy, and felt like a bit of a jab at men (which I’m usually more than fine with, it’s about time) but I think there should’ve been more to explain it than “something a man wouldn’t understand”, even just some technobabble!  At the same time as that scene maybe being a bit too cheesy, I saw someone comment on Facebook about it something like “trans power saved the world!” and I thought, well it was worth it for a feeling like that! If that’s the feeling it’s giving people then it’s so so worth it.  I almost cried when Wilf was mentioned, and then when Kate was mentioned felt a wave of love. They said the TARDIS would be wheelchair accessible and yesh, it would seem it is! 😀 Also the way 14 was so giddy around the TARDIS, I don’t think you’d have seen 10 do that, at least not in the same childlike way. It feels like we’re seeing what 10 could have been were he not burdened by the time war.   Basically, WE’RE BACK, BABY!
Loved The Meep 😄  A cute  and cuddly creature that will become the biggest threat of the story. After this episode "Moopsy-ing" should really be a adjective in pop culture!
So first things first: I am Transfemme Nonbinary (She/They Demigirl). The handling of Rose is one of the most damaging depictions of nonbinary people I've seen from recent media.   Transgender and Nonbinary people _are not fucking aliens._ The connection between her being Transgender and her having the Metacrisis plays into dangerous and unhealthy tropes that even your own commentary proves leads progressives to misunderstand what it means to be nonbinary.  Saying "Rose is confused on who she is because the Doctor and Donna are male and female" completely takes away her agency as an individual and plays into the "Nonbinary people are confused" ideology.  Metacrisis should have had nothing to do with Rose's Trans-ness and this video is evidence of why that's so damaging.  We're not aliens and we're not confused.
As a non binary person I found the whole binary non binary thing a bit embarrassing but I can see what he was going for
Kinda feels like you avoided many of the controversial scenes
The chat Donna and her mum have about Rose is great cos it's not just about Rose. It does triple work to help flesh out Donna and her mum for the years we didn't see. Nice efficient character moment that fills in blanks in the history as well, good stuff.
Personally had no problems with the whole episode.  I loved it and in regards to the sonic screwdriver the technology we have now is getting close to the old sonic capabilities. The new additions  add alot to it and make it still seem futuristic
that was the best episode of who since 2015....
All the small hints throught the episode to what The Meep is was brilliant. Meeps pronouns "A Definitive Artiact". The Wrathe mostly are repeating "Stop The Meep". The Criptic message of some higher being to the Meep, despite the meep being the leader. Assuming the toy maker is behind it... I cant help but question the connection between Rose being a Toy Maker and the obvious (seemingly) main villian of the Celestial Toy Maker.
I quite enjoyed this episode. I know the original comic series -yes, good to acknowledge the original writers, upfront.  I was at home, with my Cat, drinking some alc’ Cider. I watch Disney+ on my big desk Mac’. When BBC America ran the series, frequently with commercials, and they would put a “upcoming scene” clip, before you got to that point in the episode -was getting really annoying to view new episodes. I haven’t rewatched all of Jodi W’’s era, but have on Blu disc, partially as I often felt annoyed that a 50 min’ episode was stretched to hour+half on BBCA. Seeing this on Disney+ without breaks, such a fine experience!!! Like Wild’, my Father is now physically disabled, and he lives with Dementia. I share care, with paid Care. That I had some hour off, at home, with my Cat, George, to relax, drink a Cider, and watch ‘new’ Who, was a stress relief.  Thank you, Ellie for your critique, and your joy.
Thanks Ellie. Missed the ups & downs. Thank you sweetie ❤
I'm not that fussed by the Sonic Shields to be honest, as sound waves can effect solid objects so it doesn't seem to much of a stretch that it could be channelled into a short term solid barrier made up entirely of sound & light.  The floating interactive screen's a tad less believable IMHO.  And yeah, the "Let it go" thing was a cop out IMHO and deserved the "Down"
So happy Donna has a child. I've seen too many examples of legacy characters lacking forward progression off screen, so it's really nice to see that her life continued and changed as the years went on so she isn't just the Donna we left all those years ago.
Hail to the most high! I was wondering, thank you
I want to do a teensy push-back on the first down. There are going to be people who aren't watching this Day 1 and don't really watch trailers when the thing they want to watch is *right* there. So as clunky as it is, I think there's not really a better place to put that recap where it's visible to everyone viewing this, now or in the future.
I agree about the sonic screwdriver way to far especially how much of a big jump its taken.  I mean it's been known for a long time that it can't open wooden doors but now it can do all this making forcefields and see through interactive screens and teleport people. If this is what they really wanted to do with the sonic screwdriver they could have at least brought this kinda stuff by doing it gradually by maybe being upgraded by the TARDIS ect. But not everything in one hit.
Was it growth though to turn down the Tardis trip? That was what she decided first time round initally.  I would have added an extra down for the point of Donna being angry that he had taken her aggression once she had had the metacrisis woken up.  Wasn't a major point of the final parts of series 4 (and rhe 2009 specials) about how much being around Donna and humans in general had helped the doctor to let go of his war instincts? Also that he had a habit of making those around him more dangerous rather than less? "You take those around you and you turn them into weapons!"
The intro had to be IN the episode for Disney.
Hiya, I was up for the watch but sadly my expectations are too high. I just want an out of body experience, that good. 😭
Totally with you on the Scenes at the noble home (hihi). The wandering trough houses, the fight in that random english street. It's not only about effects. It's Lack of cgi AND the location brings that "could happen as we watch in out neighbourhood". Even if i'm german, that's what i liked about who in the rtd years. Spot on, again. Too much cinematic is bad for who. Little down: I was initially a little bit disappointed that Rose is not just a woman. Would have felt more "normal" (sorry, no better Word). A little bit to forced and a bit "flat in the face", as we say it here. But i see how it contributes to the Story and it was such a match as mother and doughter. Brillant.  Curious if Scuti gets something for his own. Tennant has the New tardis, New sonic. What's left?
I literally won’t be able to watch journeys end again thinking this massive big dramatic emotional event is going to be resolved in 15 years in one of the most ham fisted ways just to insert some non binary crap into it 🤦🏻‍♂️
2:20 i see quite a few people saying they didn't like this recap as it just didn't feel like doctor who. However i think alot of people forget how long ago doctor and donna was. It was 12 years ago, so there will have been kids born and grown up to be 12 and never even watched a single episode of doctor who and even if they caught the odd episode here or there when growing up it won't have been david tennant and catherine tate on the screen. I feel there could be kids tuning in not even have watched a trailer or anything there parent just stuck it on as a big fan of doctor who when david tennant was doctor. The whole episode is tied around the meta crisis aswell so they really needed to show some kind of recap and i think this way is much better than "LAST TIME ON DOCTOR WHO" with a corny montage
As a mixed Asian male, the alienation that RTD has gone with that all white men is bad still baffles me. This episode felt like RTD wrote the first half of the episode then asked Chibnall to finish the other half. I hope this is just writers rust as he havent wrote for DW for like 11 years. Hoping he gets back to form for Episode 2 & 3 and Gatwa's debut
Having watched Dr Who off and on for decades, this story actually blew away tyhe feeling that Dr Who had lost its way.  I literally felt as if no time had passed and we were back at it again by the end. Tennant was brilliant, Catherine Tate should get an award of some kind, and I feel like RTD is doing The Right Thing for the show! Meep the Creep was pretty cool, those nasssssty sharp teeth were wonderful - all the better to eat you with! I can't WAIT for next week, Disney+ did a good job streaming it (I was refreshing the page every 20 seconds until 'PLAY' showed up, lol!), I have a few minor whinges (the metacrisis solution was a tad cop-outish, for sure) but this is the BEST DR WHO EPISODE IN YEARS!!!  Still haven't wiped the grin off my face, I'm proud to be a Whovian again!
The Tardis is terrible, it's spose to be like the Millennium Falcon, live in for years, constantly breaking down.  The new one looks like the Abrums Enterprise Bridge, i was waiting for the lens flairs. Its just way too clean.
As long as they dont get rid of the *destiny is falling upon Donna* type of thing im completely fine but i agree with the getting away with the meta crisis is far to too easy.
I don’t mind the sonic having new powers and the doctor evolving his abilities, as long as the sonic stays for defence and escape not attack
I think the episode was something only a female presenting time Lord could understand
Sonic Skrewdriver has always been a plot device, now it is plot armour😅
With the Sonic being able to do things like the holograms and shields, I think the fact they actively showed that The Doctor can't just whip those things out in an instant, he took a bit of time to draw out the shields and holograms made it a bit better for me, means we're not standing there thinking "why doesn't he just create a shield?" if they're in a fast-paced situation
With the sonic, what happened to Jodie's, the one 14 is using wasn't the one 10 ever used.
My fav doctors are 9, 10, 11 because of their goofy stories, and seeing it again is amazing
Bouncing around like a Littlechild.
The writing was great ofc ,but some parts of the story were too much .Like the letting go of the metacrisis or the rockets coming out of the wheelchair and the whole pronouns thing is too much like american shows today. But other from that good episode, like the tardis and its just great to have tennant back.
Russel delivered EXACTLY what i expected....
The part that I hated was using the sonic to build blast-proof laser walls. Is it now a magic wand?
When the Doctor said "I don't know who I am anymore." Is that hinting that he has severe trauma from the Timeless Child revelation?
This episode has a lot of anti-male agenda in it actually, doctor who has done that a lot recently and it is just rude to a huge majority of the audience and cringe to say lets create equality and start genderwars for fun
I liked it overall, i just didnt likebthe recap, didnt feel very doctor who like, i also didnt like the two random times where roses accent suddenly switched to american, majority of the show though was great, seeing the doctor and donna together again felt right, was like putting on an old pair of slippers you lost a few years ago, just felt right lol, oh and the new music, opening rocked, music over the end credits though felt way too cluttered, like they tried to mash two pieces of music together that just dont work together
I'm also not much of a fan of the super sonic but overall amazing episode
I got huge 2005 vibes from this. Not the episode, but Ellie's ups and downs! "I like x because it called back to y" or "reminded me of y" and just little bits like the super-powered sonic - which was one of the big downs about the first return, that the sonic was overpowered. 😁  If Ellie's take is pretty representative of the NuWho generation then welcome to 2005.😂❤
Great review! I love seeing your excitment over it!
Of course Murray Gold is an up. If you listen to the music in this episode, he used his old themes here and there. When DoctorDonna wakes up there's 11th Doctor's theme based melody and that is fantastic!
It was a really bad episode!! Its a shame they had everything to make it work and failed. Story of the show. Lets hope 15ths run is better
They now always need to explain why he doesn’t create a shield when it would be useful.
The intro narration audio was hard to hear in comparison with the following audio. The woke script was forced.
Prediction for Blue Yonder: Daleks. Maybe that Marvin the Android looking thing is tied to them. Maybe it is one. That third eye on its forehead sure seems suspicious.   Prediction for The Giggle: Rose Noble's customer in Dubai? *That's* the Celestial Toymaker.
Very disappointing episode
Can we give a massive thank you to the editor of this video who clearly had a very late night / early morning to get this out so soon?
The rose donna metacrisis felt very tacky and lazy, not to mention the sexist jabs saying "you wouldn't get it because you are a man now" and them desperately trying to convince us that jodie was the best version of the doctor because she was a woman. The line "I finally feel like me" doesn't fully work because understandably rose has internal conflict and confusion but its not addressed that even after transitioning for her that she also feels something missing. There was far far to many monologues especially one that made me roll my eyes using the stuffed plushies to explain the memories right at the end, but we dont see much of them as hints we just see them as some weird things a woman in Abu Dhabi likes and is brushed over, same with the shed. I also didnt like that she could just let go of it, like that was always an option. It ruins the entire reason she had her memory wiped. Rose looks late teens nearly an adult in this episode but they mentioned her memory loss being 15 years ago and we see her a year plus later getting married without a baby yet rose looks far to old to be 14 or younger, i wish they set the episode a few years later or hired someone younger if they desperately wanted to set it at that timeframe
Do not break the fourth wall in doctor who cannon
My ups and downs not mentioned in the video and comments :  Up : after << Allons-y >> Shaun responds with << Oui, Monsieur >>  Up : While the DoctorDonna is shutting down The Meep's ship, the 'I am the Doctor' theme plays in the score  Down : UNIT scientific advisor n° 1 would have been Liz Shaw, who was already working there when the Third Doctor came to work
Re Spoilers... TURN YOUR PHONE OFF!!!!!!!  its easy.
For me a concern was that Disney would be busy making sure 'the message' (woke, gender stuff) would be shoved in our faces. Which I felt it was. I have no issue with anyone's pronoun, but given the Doc has been through all of human history, you'd think he'd know how pronouns work on Earth. The idea that pronouns are something other cultures worry about was a bit weird given an alien species could easily have as many genders as one can imagine, or have only a single universal everyone is the same version of gender (like amoeba for example).  And I felt the comment that the Doc (recently female, previously female, male young, male old, Scottish, etcetera) wouldn't get it because he happened to be a bloke at the moment was shallow, and also a waste of a perfectly good bit of stuff that could have been explored later. Metacrisis material could have been used as part of the arc going forward. It isn't like DW isn't happy to leave threads hanging loose (Clara, Ishildr, Doc's daughter, etcetera) so they could have left it hanging. Saying 'pffft, we just let it go' as if being a woman is superior to being a bloke I felt was very shallow given 'superior' is driven by context and is thus quite subjective. The TARDIS putting coffee there was totally on purpose. It knows all of time and space. It know what has been and what will be. Knowing that a coffee would result in Donna going not where the Doc was going was clearly important. Overall, I'm happy with the show being back. Oh, and I'm happy to see the Sonic getting some extra skills, like space crayon and Augmented Reality system.  So that's a goodnight from me, and a goodnight from him. (ref The Two Ronnies for the youngens).
The TARDIS doesnt have ANY steps.... it's all ramps. (Shirley Ann Bingham accessible I imagine). And NO - this is the new console room going forward.  Clearly they wouldnt build that for 2 minutes... obviously not.  Its a bit too big and very sparse but I hope they add to it like they did with Capaldi.
The recap bit at the beginning was a mild bit jarring and can probably be stripped out for the iPlayer version of it but I’m overall very jubilant. It felt like for a solid hour, I was 12 years old again watching Doctor Who back in 2008. They tugged my heart strings over Wilf(we know the cameo is coming and I think he will be the last face 14 will see and he will say to him he is ready to go) and I liked the casting for the episode overall. The prospect we will possibly see the Meep again is quite exciting.   It had a few bug bears, mainly it felt like there was an intro sequence there that felt like it was missing. Wanted to see more of David questioning why he is back with that face. I had the impression(possibly wrong now) that the Toymaker was the one who did this and would be hinted early on. Now it seems like he is going to come abruptly into that final episode.   Either way, this is a long time Whovian(since 2006) who is excited for the series for the first time since the Capaldi era
Good work folks!
All up
22:54 first of all this isn’t my account my other device is undergoing repairs but I thought the statement that the doctor was more brilliant as a woman really insulting to the fans who actually care how other people feel 😢
As far as the sonic screwdriver goes, I don't mind it creating the little display of the rocket - the Doctor reads things off the the sonic enough that it's nice to get more of a visual to that, especially as it gives the Doctor chance to share those readings with others... but the physical shield, however cool it's execution, felt like a bit too much for its capabilities Loved the episode overall though!
I feel that the Tardis can either only be white or big (by big, I mean that the main room being big like in Capaldi's Tardis, not the whole Tardis).
Is it possible that the scene of Donna collapsing     during The End of Time was after Donna's wedding and she had had Rose, and the Doctor then went back in time for her wedding that is why she didn't die but passed out in the last Tennant special.
"the sonic can do anything" except work on wood
I’m so glad I’m not the only one who thought the sonic screwdriver has now become very overpowered. But this episode satisfies my inner child so much 😂
About the first down, I thought it was a necessarily evil but then Doctor recaps everything for UNIT's scientific advisor Shirley anyway. So in retrospect I dislike that bit in the beginning a tad more.
It was awful.
It was an awesome episode. It delivered. I can't wait to see the next two episodes.
The Tardis interior. MASSIVE nod to the original 60's version with the circles. And THE DOCTOR IS BACK! This is proper Doctor Who. None of that Chibnall era bollo*ks that stopped me watching it. Good writing, good aliens & UNIT, the whole thing going at breakneck speed in a way that the show hasn't done for a long time imo. Slightly disappointed with the "let it go" resolution to the meta crisis, but other than that, brilliant. I think RTD has saved the show. And I've been watching the Doctor since 1966. I am a very happy man.
Ok, ok, but that Miriam margoles meep impression was spot on
In the next Doctor Who, Sean Bean dies
My only gripe was Rose's age, I couldn't figure out if she was supposed to be a child or a young adult
27:22 I'd say that considerng how expensive the set must've been, the most they'd do is redecorating the existant set like how Twelfe made some modifications on Eleven's seonc TARDIS.
Butttttt the new tardis is beautiful
Weird talking to people over in America about this.  They were watching it after the show aired and I was doing my level best not to spoil it for them  My opening comment was 'Who knew coffee could be so dangerous'.  At the end I said to them.  'Now you see what my opening  comment was about.'  I do wonder if the Tardis still has the Custard crene dispenser, to go with the coffee maker
I found the trigger words a bad version of winter soldier , nothing will work as well as civil war
The binary stuff made no sense. Why are you upping this… it was pure cringe.  Thats another channel i wont be watching due to ideogical bias towards badly written stories.
Another thing I liked was how Shaun was written. He’s a good husband, a good dad, he’s not an idiot. The whole trope of the companion’s boyfriend/husband being stupid, comic relief, being shown as a neglectful partner or super jealous and possessive to make the Doctor look even better- it’s incredibly tired and I’m so glad they didn’t do that again!
Sonic screwdrivers are now being manufactured on the planet Ollivanders?
I love the screen in the sonic screwdriver. It allow us to see in the doctor's head when he is using it. He is basicly using it without the screen all this time. My heart is going break once we say goodbye to David Tennant again.
Wasn't the new console room awesome! 😀
I am sure I heard Nerdrotics brain explode.
My favorite part was Donna waking up and the first thing she does is being piss she gave up the money that a plus 10 me
One of the biggest issues that isn’t heavily discussed like the obvious “Let It Go” moment and the super sonic screwdriver, is the scene in the attic where the Doctor is telling Donna and co. about how the sonic screwdriver is good at resonating concrete, like why are you telling her this? It’s going to cause her to remember…. Just seems janky and out of character considering the conversation he has with Shirley Anne that he “will not be responsible for Donna’s possible cause of death” (paraphrasing). I know the Doctor after regenerating can be a bit “dumb” at times but I don’t know…. 🤨
"Woman magic" is contrived and having been both male and female, the Doctor should have known about this. Thus the Doctor could have saved Donna years ago.
To the point of them letting go being easy.   They couldn't let go before because they couldn't sort their memories given by the TARDIS. Once they could remember, they could move past it through emotional and mental fortitude.   A meta crisis deserves a meta solution
The weird fourth wall break in the beginning would've been done better as a short "previously on..."
Tuna madras ? Curried Fish
I don’t like how all stakes disappear thanks to the power of women Feels like extremely lazy writing  Cheesy at worst okay at best
I like that they have brought back the behind the scenes on bbc 3 too
David Tennant and Catherine Tate were fantastic, they have a genuine chemistry, that has been missing for the last two doctors. There were plenty of other good acknowledgments to previous episodes. I do think the Rose character was poor though, it felt like a plot device maybe even deus ex machina. I really wish we had seen Bernard Cribbins...
Same vibes :)
The Sonic seems very Tony Stark. After the massive overuse of the sonic in Jodie’s era I kinda wished it would’ve been toned down. Big down for me. Doctor Who has always been better when the Doctor has no sonic or Tardis.
Hello Walt Disney! 👋  yes you need a recap as you have a load of new viewers 😉🇺🇸 🌎
I really liked this episode, even if it was blatantly obvious from the outset that Meep was evil. However, it did not have the feel of an anniversary special - it was like an exceptionally good episode of Doctor Who. It also felt like Tenant was 10 again, with no real personality development to reflect he is actually 14.
Ellie, you should rewatch every special episode. I think they get no holds barred to break the meta with a quote or plot device in the specials you wont see in regular series. Like River Song turning off the dimensional parking break to stop the groaning we all know and love. Or how she tells capaldi shes borrowed the tardis while the Doctor was preoccupied in his adventures.
Wrath is just a normal English word, and it is pronounced more like wroth.
New New Screwdriver.  And it still doesn't do wood.
In the DWUnreleased TARDIS reveal watch-along, David Tennant said that he had watched Ncuti and Millie filming on the same set.
Woke/Cliched beyond words....the Meep was the perfect incapsulation of the Trans community-a wolf in sheeps clothing/someone PRETENDING to be something they are not...i`m surprised that RTD did not make at least one of the characters gay,maybe he was too busy trying to shoehorn "The Message" into every speech made....RIP Dr Who.
Not the worst episode but I think I hyped myself up a little to much for it. Enjoyable but not without flaws. The slight dig at men and male presenting people was just...unnecessary.   Bit weird seeing a lot of people thinking Donna was perfectly safe as long as she didn't hear those words though. We've seen in the past that that isn't how it works. Donna could remember even without the Doctor being around if enough alien shenanigans was going on (The End of Time). The words purposefully brought forth the memories (and perhaps disabled the failsafe the Doctor had embedded in her that also triggered in The End of Time) but she could still accidentally remember.
I started with new Who so I know exactly weekday you mean when your day doctor who is back
Best doctor who ever. Ioved it. And my two favourite characters
wish they would include peter capaldi's Dr. really loved that incarnation of doctor, especially after he lost clara.
I loved the episode but I don't think it's quite as it seems. There were hints throughout that Donna actually did remember him. Skinny man, saying something he would have done re the lottery, calling him the Doctor when shutting the gate on her family and going back. The hit you in the face part for me was when she was supposedly dying she knew his face was a return not just an aged verion of the Doctor she knew. She shouldn't have known that. All the memories from the metacrisis go up to the point the Doctor wiped her memories. His regeneration came a long time after that. She said in the 'letting go' scene he had been a woman so he should have realised they could do it but again she shouldn't have know he had been a woman. I can see how Donna having a child the metacrisis would be inherited by the child however just letting it go no Russell isn't that clumsy or kitsch that itself is a hint to me that all is not right. As for the coffee she did NOT accidentally spill it she did it on purpose watch her face closer when it's happening. I think either a)Donna was offered a deal by the Toymaker to give her her missing year back because it would give Donna the power to help her daughter or b) it's not a real situation and that is not really Donna. I think in the Giggle thats going to be a part of the reveal. It won't be Wild Blue Yonder I think that will be a new situation created by the Toymaker to make him suffer again. He suffered having to supposedly return Donna's memory in Star Beast I think more is to come. Bearing all that in mind I absolutely loved the episode and as a Wheelchair user I loved the tardis new look, I also pove that the round thingies are back 😅
I saw the behind the scenes and I love how Meep was a doll, a costume controlled by a ballerina AND CGI. I also loved how much was sfx makeup too :) It was such a fun ep even though it had some issues too
Absolutely loved the episode! I feel like Dr who is truly back with us. I can see a lot of people are complaining about the trans/gender/binary-non binary thing, but as a white middle aged man, i don't know much about this, so i found it really interesting and enlightening. I think RTDs writing is always fantastic and inclusive, which for all the flavours of people out there can only be a positive thing.  Great review, couldn't wait for you to do this!
A brilliant return to form, if I had one criticism it would be the handling of the Meta-Crisis being able to be just let go because they're women. It just felt a cheap get out of jail card that they muddled up with confusing messaging about gender. While arguably even more anti climactic it would have simpler and cleaner for the Doctor to just cure them.  That was my one flaw really, the rest of the episode was great, practical effects were great, the writing was solid, the oppening title sequence was gorgeous, and the new Tardis while a bit empty and lacking individual flare was still a beautiful design
After being incredibly excited about the 60th anniversary, this was a huge disappointment and a let down.  Many of us were looking forward to watching DW without having "messages" rammed down our throats. Don't get me wrong, on Twitter I've frequently been called "a woke lefty" and I wear that badge with pride, and I know DW has always dealt with the issues of the day, but this felt clumsy and patronising, with the alien being interrogated about its "pronoun". Then the ending, Donna not dying because she is a woman and women "can let go". So presumably no females in the armed services have ever suffered from PTSD..... Then there was the gremlin, sorry, Meep, reminiscent of the CGI cartoon character from the Chibnall era. Can't be bothered to google its name. Ate metal, or something 😴 Power of the Doctor was more of an anniversary special. This was a lecture in Sexual Politics.   Final nail in the coffin for me was the beautiful new Tardis, which immediately caught fire because of a spilt coffee, which landed nowhere near the console. A Cyberman zapped the console at point blank range and it didn't blow up. Mickey forced it open with a tow truck and it didn't explode. Now it's allergic to caffeine or maybe lactose intolerant.  Btw, the Tardis has long had coffee making facilities and a food dispenser. The First Doctor showed Ian and Barbara how to use them
People need to remember its not just a sonic screwdriver its The Doctors Sonic Screwdriver, he’s had it for billions of years and constantly upgrades/tinkers with it and the TARDIS does as well, its perfectly understandable that at some point after being shot as much as they have that the doctor would add a feature like this
A down for me was Rose's acting. I loved pretty much all the episode, but that actress wasn't on the same level as even the other kid actor. It pulled me out of the episode at one point.
The recap before the opening credits really wasn't necessary considering they recapped the same stuff two more times in that same episode
Up: Telling the psychic paper to "catch up". Down: What's with the sonic screw driver now?
Think of it this way.. Maybe the new capabilities of the Sonic Screwdriver comes from the fact that this iteration of the Doctor clearly is around for a different reason than usual.. Also.. Wow for Miriam Margolyes for her performance as the Meep.
I personally wasn’t very keen on this episode. It didn’t feel very 60th anniversary like. The anniversaries are supposed to celebrate all the 60th years of the show and there was hardly any acknowledgment of what came before except series 4 and the meep comic.  Also the  new tardis design is too retro and I felt the screwdriver was overused. We also never got an answer of why tennants face was back.
I agree about the sonic screwdriver. I recently watched the Patrick Troughton episode where the sonic was introduced and it was just a screwdriver - to remove screws with sonic waves. I think Troughton just used a penlight or something similar (he dropped the first prop he was given into the fake gas pipeline of the episode).  I also feld we didn't get an explanation as to where the sonic came from. In new era Who, the Tardis has manufactured the sonic for the Doctor or, as was the case with Jodie's Doctor, she made it herself. The less we say about sonic sunglasses the better. 14's sonic must have just been in the clothes that he regenerated into from 13, which itself has not been seen since the first Doctor regenerated.   Having said that, I was wondering if the new visuals for the sonic are a way to show what the Doctor sees when he uses the sonic. Matt Smith's Doctor would often point the sonic at an object and then flip it sideways to look at the shaft, as if he was looking at a read out or something. As the sonic does not have a physical screen or even LCD type panel on the shaft, there must be something the Doctor saw/sees that the viewer does not.
All of it was a UP. I just love tennant is back ❤
29:10 AIRPLANE MODE! People claim it was invented for aeroplanes but really it was created to avoid spoilers 😀  I couldn’t watch The Star Beast live yesterday and I’m a nobody on the internet who was never going to get messages about it and I STILL put my devices on airplane mode, just to stop myself loading tumblr on autopilot and getting accidental spoilers.  Your situation sounds wholly untenable.
The set design is amazing in this episode the ship interior and omg the new Taridis was huge and brilliant
I agree with your option re the new sonic ability. To use video game terminology, it seems a bit overpowered
Ellie we’re not even 5 minutes in and I’m going to have to stop you there. The Doctor doesn’t sneak he saunters around like he’s meant to be there, he’s explained this before.
I quite enjoyed the sonics new capabilities. I feel the tech was stagnant for some time aside from Capaldi’s sonic sunglasses. RTD may trying to advance it’s capabilities so that it can help the doctor preform in this new age.  Since David has now introduced these capabilities, Ncuti can build off of these tech advances going forward
Ok so rose is 14-15yrs old.
Guess what? Unraveling the plot doesn't ruin the magic for me! It's like knowing Romeo and Juliet's story and still getting swept away by a production. These episodes need to bring more than just the plot to the table, right?
My Dad sat down and watched it with me for the first time since 2005 he seemed to enjoy it but also said it was silly until I pointed out it’s Doctor who what does he expect?
I mean, the doctor has a delete anyone from existence gun. Why can't his sonic make a shield
I initially wasn’t sure about how I felt about how hammered home the “progressive” message and references were. Given a second I’m completely cool with starting off with a big 🖕to the bigots. Some of us are fortunate to live in communities or have relationships that don’t expose us to the vitriol and hatred that is out there, so we will react differently than someone else. This sort of messaging is praised (in hindsight) when mentioning the themes addressed when Star Trek 1st aired. Sometimes you need to be subtle. Sometimes you need to be ham fisted. If you have seen the discourse in the States (& maybe elsewhere) you know some people need a thwack.
Hated the 4th wall breaking catch up at start,  and aside a few eye rolls regarding gender politics, it was the best Who in years! Welcome back David Tennant and Doctor Donna!
Who’s the villain in the second episode  Any suggestions
Loved the episode! Amazing nostalgia moments but good for moving the show forward. Having friends = Martha? Can’t wait for Wilf. Only down for me was the male presenting part, Rose felt well written right until that point, unnecessarily added in.
Question how does the Doctor not recognise the Meep when he's seen it before?
Loved this episode, I wasn’t sure at first but after a rewatch with subtitles I just loved seeing Tennant and Tate together again and all the jokes and emotional beats and I don’t even mind the ending anymore even though it’s a bit rushed and ham fisted.
This video might’ve been posted at 3:30 in the morning but I waited all day for your review Ellie. I’ll definitely watch it at 5 o’clock in the morning when I randomly wake up. 🥹
I love the parallel between donnas 'death' and the masters death at the end of s3.The scenes are so similar!
Been looking forward to seeing this all night. Yay❤
I thought the scene with Donna saying it’s what “he” would do, that she was talking about her dad.  In Series 4 I believe they gave the impression that he did a lot of philanthropic work.
After the Chibnall crisis, this wasn’t just a breath of fresh air ~ it was a full blown gale force wind of clearing the decks. Excellent…mostly. Including the identity stuff made me cringe at first, because some of it felt forced, especially accusing the Doctor of never being able to understand because of his ‘male’ viewpoint being  totally unnecessary since we know ‘he’ can be a full biological ‘she’ plus he’s an alien of, well I’ve lost track of his age. Run out of numbers which are now almost meaningless given how long he was stuck in the confession dial ~ 4.5 billion years! He’s way beyond all this currently faddish proselytising. BUT. Rose’s confusion about herself proved to be just that. Admittedly it’s a BIG that, since she’d inherited the meta-crisis, but dealing with the problem by realising the underlying reason for her confusion? That was a great idea. Clear the mind, clear the confusion. I hope that’s the last we see of it, otherwise we could end up with the Tardis ‘identifying’ as, I don’t know, ‘Sid Rat’ when we all KNOW she’s really a beautiful female.  The sonic. Actually I was delighted to finally see its capabilities, although ~ and I’ll have to rewatch it to confirm ~ didn’t Donna do something to it at one point? We know she’s clumsy with tech, so It may no longer be able to do what we’ve seen. After all, look what she managed to do with just a cup of coffee……. Overall, the characters were great, the acting was mostly on-point and the writing, even if it was an adaptation, was some lovely to see classic RTD. Excitement. Concern. Comedy. Action.  David back with Catherine is truly wonderful. There was quite some denigration when Tate was first brought into the fold, but I always knew from day one that she’d be a truly great companion. One of the VERY best.  Can’t wait for the rest.  Bring. It. On.
I really like this presenter (Ellie) she does the Job really well and genuinely loves Doctor who it shows in a big way!
The Routh creatures in this remind me of that robot creature the Capldi Doctor fought without help from Clara and Danny am I alone in that? The creatures in this remind me so much of that robotic warrior mainly the head thing but who knows
the new tech of the sonic, personally, i felt the doctor has long needed a bit of a tech upgrade
27:42 This was HEARTBREAKING! Because it was the very next companions after Donna that The Doctor tried this, and had it end in tragedy. We forget that it’s been 15 years for us viewers and roughly that for Donna, but THOUSANDS of years for The Doctor. The Doctor was only in their 900s (excluding Timeless Child) when they travelled with Donna, who I believe had the fewest travels with The Doctor (of the core companions), yet they still know the trigger words off the top of their head. It spoke to the depth of their connection to Donna, but also how much she’s missed of The Doctor’s life.
Here's my problem with the 'letting go' of the Metacrisis ordeal:  If it happened within the same series, let's say they resolved it in the End of Time, I'd probably be okay with it because it would have only been about a year between those events happening.  But this was a 15 year wait. I was 8 years old when Donna's memory was wiped. I'm now 23 and yesterday I watched her and Rose just brush it off.  I feel like if I go back and watch Series 4, there's gonna be a reminder in the back of my mind telling me that all the danger, threat and emotion of the Metacrisis just won't pay off.  Edit: also, if you remove that whole bit of Donna remembering the Doctor again and how much they amped it up, it really was just another RTD 'undo button and everyone is saved' story.
I like the new sonic. Considering how old the Doctor is it makes sense for the updates. Was she ok when the 13th Doctor used the Sonic Screwdriver as a tricorder?
I feel like it would have been ok if they wouldn't do this letting go thing
I am a handicapped, asexual, Asian, hermaphrodite, little person who cross dresses and am very angry we were not represented in this episode.
Loved it, new tardis was nearly as cool as classic one from the eighties. I grew up in the Pertree/Baker years. Fell in love with Liz Sladen. Lol. Though I think Eccleston is my favorite Doctor.  As for you hoping to see Wilf again, you do realise Bernard Cribbins sadly died last year right. Great as both Bernard and the character of wilf where I hope they don't bring him back. Another actor playing him just would not be the same and if they could spring for a CG Wilf we'll that would just be wrong on so many levels.  Finally just like to say watching your excitement as you present this video was nearly as delightful as watching the episode.
Glad you got your doctor back❤❤❤
@15:41 Please be careful with saying "it's all practical", because yes whilst there were clearly a lot of practical effects, it ignores the fact that often times there is a great deal of painstaking invisible vfx work to clean up and enhance this stuff that you would never know was there. CGI is not always the big obvious in-your-face stuff. These claims also feed into this new problematic trend of Hollywood vfx-washing their movies in the marketing, saying there's "No CGI" when in fact there is A LOT of it.  It's true we work hard in visual effects to make our work go unnoticed, so in many ways it's a compliment when audiences think it's all for real, but it's nice to at least be acknowledged that we were there, somewhere 👀
The ending was absolutely ridiculous. Hard to understand how you found it so good.
When the doctor regenerates, they usually have an episode of them "waking up" because they're lost, they've forgotten who they are.  Why is this not the case for 14? RTD seems to also be ignoring the rules.
Who is dead.
Considering we’ve had the Daleks and Davros conquering the universe on wheels for the last 60 years it was disappointing to see the inclusion of a wheelchair user being done in rather a clumsy way. The issue over the stairs was very contrived and the line “don’t make me the problem!” made me cringe. I liked the character, just wish RTD would rein in his urge to always ‘make a statement’.
5:52 Why are you avoiding the word "trans"? Why are you calling it "the situation"? Will YouTube censor you if you say that?
What makes the TARDIS stairs even better is they're not actually stairs so accessible TARDIS for the win!!
I watched it twice... The episode recap was probably something Disney wanted, it was ok but most whoniverse fans didn't need it. Loved the new intro... It was great that Donna survived, but was the way it happened an idea by Disney to turn this into diversity empowerment? The whole binary and nonbinary was one of the two downs for me in the entire episode, the other was how the destruction from the dagger drive was rewound. Are we going to see Wilf during this 60th special event, if not that will be a major major down?
Lots of ups for me. A few dawns, but only minor: -Why is Fourteen suddenly using a new sonic screwdriver? What happened to Thirteen's? -Where exactly IS Fourteen in that recap scene and is it meant to be for us only or is it literally happening somewhere in the canon? -The opening titles look TOO good and make what preceeded it look bad and I'm kinda tired of the 'bad writing' discussions, so this isn't helping. -Lastly, is Rose's line of finally being who she wants to be. I felt this what a bit too on the nose about the fact that she was transgender. I don't mind transgender characters, but I'd rather have it be suitable than the show literally pointing at you and saying: "HEY! THIS CHARACTER IS TRANSGENDER, REMEMBER?!". It's the same issue that I had with Bill in Capaldi's era where they were always reminding us that she was a lesbian. Again, re-iterrating, it's the LINE that bothers me, not the fact that the character or actress is transgender. I'm totally fine with that.
Show: Cheeky jab about how men can’t let shit go. Men: Not letting that shit go for one fucking second, typing paragraphs about how unfair it all is through gritted teeth, saying the show is ruined, and crying “sexism” of all things   Funniest shit I’ve seen all week.
The dr who special was great until the last parts. Not even kidding, they had a line of Rose saying “something a MALE time lord will never understand” then Dana replying “letting go”. Like wtf is this bull shit. This is supposed to be a kids movie, not a political gender war zone. It kinda makes sense why Rose is nonbinary because of timelord gender swapping thing mixed with human DNA, but why add those lines? It’s hypocritical because she’s technically both male and female. Anyways. As a male, Imma “let it go”.😂
I think everyone is missing the eater egg back to Tennant’s final episode, when 10 and Wilfred are trapped on two sides, and the Doctor can only save everyone if the other person sacrifices themselves! WOAHHHHH
3:20 Wait, it's pronounced "Davis"? I always thought it was pronounced "Daveez".
The pandering lmao such a shame to DW going full tard. Also it seemed a little Americanised, we call that the 1st floor - not "second level". Americans start at 1 and count up, we start at ground and count up.
27:03 I liked the joke but I’m hoping there’s more to the lost job story because it was one of the parts I was really curious about earlier. When Donna tells Sylvia it wasn’t her fault she lost her job, then the pause, look, and admission “okay, it was” I was convinced there was a Donna’s-not-gonna-stand-for-your-bullshit story behind it, rather than oops-I-spilled-coffee.
Love me some Ellie on a Sunday morning ❤️❤️❤️ what a ray of sunshine you are 😊
it was woke shite
One annoying thing that bothered me: the audio description narrator keeps saying „the Tenth Doctor“ when it’s actually Fourteen! That’s the danger of casting a former actor! Because people who aren’t fans won’t have a clue! And blind viewers could be confused why it is Ten and not Fourteen!
The binary nonsense and what pronouns does Meep use ruined it for me, I guess i dont like my shows being preachy
I loved the new sonic functionality!! I am surprised they didn’t go in this direction sooner
I guess almost everything has been said already, but something that threw me was when the lady in the wheelchair was talking to the doctor for the first time ..... she crossed her legs while they were chatting. For the rest of the episode I was trying to work out if she was truely wheelchair bound or was going to suddenly get out and run up stairs .
HEY BBC/DISNEY!!! If you give ScreenCrush early access to the videos for Ryan to vaguely take a stab at why don't you give it to Who Culture too who love the material and are hugely respectful? They've had early access to Star Trek over on Trek Culture with no spoiler leaks, these guys can be trusted and will help promote you far more than dear Ryan will (no offence to him or Doug).
It was SO GOOD
I decided to rewatch the first 5 and last 5 minutes, but I did it in japanese audio it was so awesome
In Classic Doctor Who, the sonic screwdriver was just a tool, it wasn't until NuWho that it basically became a "magic wand" capable of almost anything, so it's new capabilities aren't that surprising to me. - Chris
I enjoyed most of the episode but the end was heavily cringe beating you over the head with a sledgehammer
I hope the fact that the anti-climatic splitting of the metacrisis 'letting it go' scene is somehow retconned in the next 2 specials - like its not the end of the doctordonna story - like all the storyline of it splitting into her daughter is continued, because I agree - it did feel a little bit confusing and underwhelming and for me it feels a bit like its been squashed in to the story, because something needed to happen. I loved the rest of the episode though
I really want to know if I was the only person bothered by the line that male presenting people could never think to let it go.  I believe no one is limited by gender but that made it sound like males and naturally inferior.  It just bothers me when a show thinks the only way to hype up women is to bash men.
Well done Ellie!
All the wokeness was annoying binary pronouns etc.
It's a crime that BBC didn't allow you to watch these episodes in advance, what's more, allow you to present the Doctor Who podcast. They really missed the mark here, you guys are the best when it comes to Who news and reviews!
0:11 Well, Ellie live up to her surname. ☺
Great writing by Russell T Davies I knew he wouldn’t disappoint
😮give an honest review it was shit it was over hyped to be woke nonsense with a shitty actor, I've lost all respect for you I can't stand liars
24:52 I almost entirely disagree 😀 I adored the idea that you can just let it go, and I felt like it fit the themes, particularly with Rose, and the whole idea of this soft reboot of Season 1.   I love the idea that you can struggle for OVER A DECADE with how to hold onto something, whether that be power, or your gender, or your worldview of aliens existing or how many genders there are and that actually the easiest and safest thing to do is just 🎶let it go🎵 but also acknowledge how brave and scary that can be. How brave it is to acknowledge your gender, to give away your millions, to accept your death for your family exactly as The Doctor did for Wilf.
I did laugh when their female solution was to just let it go. When have women ever just let it go?
Oh and wheelchair accessible Tardis! We just know a certain co star will be there soon.
The sonic SCREWDRIVER was  tooooo OP
I think for an episode that is trying so hard to be sending the right messages, The Doctor getting slapped across the face as comedy definitely deserves a Down.
As a guy i have to say... "just give it up" is not a resolution as a guy would occur to me, but women, absolutely which is why youd make better world leaders...
One EXTREMELY tiny down was I was hoping to see a little bit more of the “regeneration mania” from Tennant. Not that he wasn’t brilliant, I was just hoping for a little bit more wackiness at the beginning, just because David is so very good at it.  I still adored the episode though, especially the relationship between Donna and Rose. I am the mother of a 15 year old trans daughter and seeing my favorite dr who companion wrestle with the same things I do literally brought out the tears. Bravo RTD, Bravo!
I don’t know why The Doctor could never figure out have to save Donna. He had hundreds of years to figure out a solution. I agree the new Tardis design is awesome. 4.5 stars out of 5.
Another victim of Disney 🤦 the desperation of Disney to bring back Tennant in a fan grab couldn't work on this monstrosity! The doctor, who's over 2000 years old is told by a bloke named Rose about preferred pronouns when he himself called the doctor a man and he 😂 Donna said it herself, Rose can't act! Yep! Hit the nail on the head there 👍 an absolute cringe fest. Anti climax of "letting go" of the thing that was supposed to kill her 😂 what a shit show. RIP STAR WARS RIP INDIANA JONES RIP MARVEL  RIP DOCTOR WHO......?
26:51 they're not even stairs too! Maybe Shirley can become a companion since it's more accessible?
I mean... in a sense, when it comes to the screwdriver's new capabilities.. we have been made aware this tech is plausible back in the sound of drums. The master explicitly one-ups The doctor, mentioning "Laser screwdriver." Which uhh.. definitely seems to apply to this variant of the sonic better, what with the apparent new EM-based abilities.
I love River Song's salutation, too.
Thanks for explaining what the non binary scene meant. It was terribly explained in the moment. Just felt like they suddenly stopped and started taking about Gender identity for no reason.
Hated the pacing in the episode, the horrible cgi, the downright hilarious boring villain and his plan to destroy london, the boring end of just bringing Donna back and keeping her alive because her trans daughter has timelord whatever, the sonic screwdriver being a clutch to make walls and open fenses. In my opinion this episode is bad and maybe it's because I haven't kept up after season 8
I personally thought the real world issue about Gender/sex didn’t need to be included as we watch these shows to escape our real world issues.   Yes we were warned by the bbc about the slight preachy nature of this. And is always unfortunate that it’s going to be like a carrot on a stick for people who disagree with the issue.   And I thought personally it felt a bit too chibnall esque with how it was written.  And this is coming from a bi man   HOWEVER it was done in a healthy way and I felt some sympathy for Sylvia in that scene with her and Donna addressing that issue.
On your point about the recap, it definitely did feel a bit weird BUT we also aren’t the intended audience from it. I think for casual fans who maybe haven’t watched in years and don’t consume all thints doctor who like we do it was very effective, my mum for example loved it and she hasn’t watched since Matt Smith.  And regarding it going out on social media or online or as a separate thing, I think that wouldn’t have gotten it out to the people who need to watch it. The casual people who it’s intended for don’t follow doctor who on Instagram, or watch minisodes on YouTube. In fact the doctor who social media did an entire breakdown of the entirety of series 4 with Catherine and DT on social media as well.   I think it’s just one of those ones where it didn’t work for us but it was definitely a positive for a large number of people
the sonic screwdriver has always been a sonic multi tool, the creation of touch screens and force fields IS BEYOND WHAT A SONIC MUTITOOL CAN DO therefore why the hell can the sonic screwdriver suddenly do this? that was a step too far for me.  well spoken insectoid warriors who have wings and therefore can fly totally believable and it made sense to me. but not the sonic making screens, that took me out of the story.
The only thing that I didn't like that would be a thumbs down in my opinion was it reminded me of Rick p But I didn't like I said it reminded me of Mr meek from Rick and
The Doctor and Donna were great together, levels above previous series. The ending was a total arse pull and I feel the pronoun stuff was way too heavy. Felt unnatural.
Man I watched this episode on launch, alone, wife was out for the day, my brother, who also grew up watching Who and Red Dwarf with was with my nephews. It's not enough to say I cried when I watched it the first time but I totally did. Thank you for a quick ups and downs on this, it feels vindicating honestly.
What a great 60th episode. Even spotted the  disney music easter egg. In the tardis revealed. If listen close theres   elements from part your  world song from the little mermaid.
The endless gender propaganda ruined it for me.
The 11th Doctor’s first Tardis has always been my favorite…until now
I really liked the sonic's new personal shields. It fits the Doctor's pacifistic nature rather than fighting.  Wheras the Master carries a sword to kill, the Doctor chose the shield to defend.  (Though a bit of explanation is needed.)
Sorry I love you but I have to disagree I saw this one and I was so is very impressed with Catherine Tate's performance and David Tennant's
How to tell everyone you have ADHD without saying ADHD "did anyone else want to touch all those buttons?" Yes Ellie. Yes I did. Just like i touched evwrything on the Tardis console in Longlete back in the day
Surely it was an episode to bring back viewers theyd lost after Matt Smith but it was a filler episode. And then they made it really really woke, which turns people off again. It didnt make any sense and was poorly written. Which i can't believe came from RTD. It was cringe but not the kind of cringe you get from watching old episodes.
Loved it!  So glad the show is back.   After some thinking, I think the solution would have worked better more as "before I had too much sensory overload to even think of a way to let go. Now with it split we had time to work it out."
I actually really like the recap in the beginning it really helped my dad he hasn’t been caught up in the modern version of Doctor Who when I showed it to him
ALSO the small joke with the psychic paper "that says Mistress" "oh catch up". Hilarious and subtle😂
I thought the episode was good overall but there were definitely a few problems with it. The first minor gripe is that I thought it kinda looked TOO cinematic which sounds odd but for me at least I always liked the slightly low budget aesthetic where it never felt too polished, but a few scenes looked a bit too polished imo, although I think that’s sth we’ll get used to in the future especially if the episodes continue to be this good if not better.  The first big issue was that I felt Rose being trans as a PLOT point at the end was handled kinda clumsily. Towards the start with the deadnaming and the bullying and Sylvia was genuinely perfect and incredibly realistic and held a lot of weight. However at the end it felt really clumsy. I gotta disagree with you, the “binary…. Non binary” bit felt so clumsy and if it was written by anyone other than RTD who we know is a massive ally, it may have felt insulting I think. Then again as a straight person I’m not the target demographic, but it just felt clumsy.  Finally I think the ending felt a smidge rushed and I wish they put more weight on the excitement of Donna getting her memories back and being able to keep them and her being alive and whatnot. Also the “just let it go” did definitely feel anticlimactic and way too blasé. I can understand why she never did it 13 years ago as her head was probably way way too busy with too many thoughts and adrenaline and it probably just needed the time that was afforded to her by it being slowed by Rose getting some of it, but even so it felt way too casual and not momentous enough.  Generally though, aside from those gripes, the episode was definitely good and it feels really nice to finally feel genuinely excited for future episodes and more importantly to TRUST that they will be good for the first time in years, can’t wait for the next two episodes and for Ncuti’s doctor after that
A brill story and my personal biggest up is that, representation matters, but well written representation matters more. And this was well written!
Loved the moment Rose challenged the Doctors assumption around the Meeps pronouns and the meeps response
We need a video of Ellie jumping and dancing around her house like a five year old.
Terrible writing. Enough with the agenda. Im an ardent lefty but this was just beyond silly. Being non binary solved everything... riigggghhhhtttt
The Donnadoctor scene was perfect. I was wondering the whole episode why the Doctor wasnt nearly as concerned with hiding all of the space/alien talk from Donna. Then the sleeper agent words came out and it all fit PERFECTLY. Then when she was so quick to sacrifice herself. Immediately took me back to the Pompeii episode. There too, Donna said almost exactly the same thing "who cares about us". Donna has always been ready to save lives above her own. God i love her. 😂
This episode was brilliant. It was amazing to see Beep The Meep in the flesh so to speak. I thought the resolution of how Donna can remember the Doctor was brilliantly thought out. Love the new opening titles and the new version of tge classic theme. As a Transwoman I loved the portrayal of Rose. I hope we see her again in the future.
My only problem with the sonic screwdriver, is that it may become the new K9. Don't get me wrong I loved K9, but K9 used to always come in when the Doctor could not solve the problem, so it started to become K9 saves the day, not the Doctor, which is the reason they dropped K9. I worry that the sonic screwdriver will become, to powerful, so I was happy when it went bang.  I don't know if you noticed, but Ruth Madeley/Shirley Ann Bingham, tried to suck in some of the energy that was released by Donna/Rose, so I wondered if that will turn out to be something. As RTD has a habit of throwing in small things like that, then references it at a later date, when something happens to a charactor.
The battle scene, the other great thing for me was that big pull out and crane shot so we could see the whole street, where everyone was and all that before we got street level.  My issue was that the big cracks got healed. Sorry, no... put the lava out but no... not heal it all too.
I loved it, it felt so good to be excited for Saturday evening to watch Doctor Who again for the first time in years. Catherine and David were amazing. Sylvia was a standout too.   I do agree with a lot of comments on here, whilst the beginning of the trans storyline and Rose was touching, with Donna protecting her and Sylvia feeling clumsy, the pronoun part felt forced and like a lecture, also the non-binary part (im a gay man) it just felt uneeded and cringe worthy.   Looking forward to episode 2, but lets hope we dont get anymore lectures from RTD 😂
What if…this is all part of the Toymakers design and everything we think we know about this is part of his game…
🙂👍🏾🎥
Same face back twice, learning from their mistakes to make a more functional sonic?
The "letting go"  at the end has several issues.  Donna explained that they were able to get rid of the meta crisis because they could just "let it go" because they were women and the doctor wouldn't understand because he was "male presenting".  The messaging in this scene was very confusing.  Rose is non-binary female presenting, but for this scene, she is just a woman.  How about trans people who are male presenting.  Would they not understand because they identify as male?  Instead of just being a jab at men by saying it was because the doctor was a man, they specifically used the line "male presenting" which seems like a jab at trans men as well.  This was all after making the point that the doctor himself was non-binary and could be a man, woman, whatever and wasn't someone who could be defined as one or the other.   It seems like a cliché line making fun of men somehow ended up roping in trans men in the process and was directed at the doctor who was literally a woman not too long ago.
Stuff like sonic screwdriver creating a shield is dumb because now anytime they need to get out of any situation involving guns and don't use it then it creates dissonance within the audience. What's the point of coming up with a clever way out of a jam when you always have the answer in your pocket.
I know there were no “UPs” for actors’ performances (otherwise the UP count would have doubled). However, in amongst all the “I love Sylvia” comments should be at least some acknowledgement if just how BRILLIANT Jacqueline King is in that part. I guess some things are just so perfect that people don’t notice the work. I always thought she should have received an award for her performance in “Turn Left”. Her portrayal of the disintegration of a personality was stunning. Just go back and rewatch it.
*squints* there's... there's a lot of avoiding outright saying saying particular terms. A lot of dancing around it. Is this for the sake of not displeasing the algorithm? or is it because of whatculture policy?
Thank you so much loved this
Enjoy next 2 episodes because it's back to awful watching when this new nobody becomes the doctor.
Are we gonna talk about the amount of gay agenda pushes? It was too much for me. I rate is 2.8/5 because of it. Look at the scene with the doctor asking meep it’s gender, rose being non binary, rose saying she is other. Rose was also not scared when she saw meep. It was like oh I see a cockroach in the carpet, next…   I do agree that the sonic is too much overpowering and the CGI was overused in my opinion
I've been waiting for your take.  I'm glad you enjoyed it.  I can't wait to see Neil.
First i would add another up. To the "meta"ness of the production design. I mean we have this big creepy green bug-monsters and as soon as it talks, you hear an actor behind a rubber-mask. So muffled, so obvious an actor tying to work from inside that costume....the good ald days.  I know its been commented before, but i would give an extra down to the Meta-Crisis shaking of, for symbolism and male bashing. I mean rellay??? All that build up was for the "No matter the face, the Doctor isnt male or female" and BOOM you have three minority women (a trans, a readhaired and a disabled) next to each other telling the doctor "You cant let go of power, because you are male" WTF? That was really f*up. I get it, BBC and Disney in particular have that to be shoehorned in at one point but really....why doing it in the first place and why say it doesnt matter 2mins prior
You can't keave a recap yon can't leave and social media. Even now, many, if not most, don't pay attention to them.
The screen sonic was a shock but i liked it... the  forcefield... nah. Shirley ... oh yeah!
Words RTD and the BBC don't seem to have bothered to take the time to understand this week - Trans & non-binary.  This on top of RTD telling me he should be fixing my disability.  Thanks BBC, thanks for making the world harder for us LGBTQ disabled people to live in.
I thought the openings to camera had been a trailer, I'm pretty sure I'd heard most, if not all, of the speeches before last night.  I thought "oh really" when the soldiers got the acid rock eyes that their helmets conveniently had very dark visors to cover them up.  I think you missed commenting on the pronouns exchange while in Donna's house.  I definitely found it clunky, which could be that Finney seems a bit limited, but I felt it pointed at scifi (not only Doctor Who) assuming alien's are gendered in a traditional way was quite important, also I think it was foreshadowing that the Meep would be something other than the meek harmless creature it had been pretending to be.
David Tennant confirmed that Ncuti Gatwa and Millie Gibson are filming on the new tardis set
Rightly or wrongky, a fair amount of classic Who fans were making the exact same complaints about all things Sonic when Who came back, so its kinda just the evolution of them for me. Its kinda logical.
ngl the sonic matter creation is cool just wish it had more of an explanation instead of just oh the sonic can do this now
I am sorry. But I feel like the ending of the donna situation was a bit woke. Essentially she was saved from death from her being woman? I don't want to sound bad or anything, I love that they are including people of other races, sexualities, genders, non binary people ect, but I think docter who shouldn't focus on it, make it a thing with the character, not their defining trait.
I actually thought the recap was a bit short for new viewers
The Doctor does have a sex male or female depending on which he regenerates in to plus  he said he had children once so he can prorate he is NOT binory ridiculous.
If it hasnt been said, theirs a toy story easter egg with the dude passed out with cheetos xD. Unsure if intentional but definitely 1 for 1 to the scene in toy story two. Now back to watching haha
Also Crimmins was a war vet so that’s another layer
The storyline was a bit rushed. But overall I enjoyed it.
I, and probably Capaldi as well, are glad they found the "round things"!
That “Meep Meep” impression was on point tho. You sure you aren’t the voice actor for The Meep lol
Glad you loved it as much as i did. Ive seen a few naysayers online that must have been watching a different show. This show was FUN.Thats all i wanted and it delivered in spades. Ive watched this show for 60 years and this was everything i wanted
Without even watching this video, I’ll start with my two (and only) downs: 1- the Doctor’s new “holographic” sonic screwdriver. I appreciate Disney giving Doctor Who a higher level of production quality but that was a little too much on the nose, almost felt like giving the finger to the Beeps previous “jankyness”. 2- the Doctor is TOO much like 10. Although I’ve always imagined the Doctor having all the memories of his previous incarnations, 14 has regenerated with the face of 10 (but not the style) yet has retained a lot of 10’s character (alonsi, anyone?). This has never happened before. Sure, there are production reasons for bringing back David and I’m also sure there’ll be a in-universe reason given to why why 10’s face is back, but 14 not having his own unique personality? Missed opportunity. Ups: thank you RTD for the Wilf reference (I’ll say no more, spoilers sweetie). Finding a way to bring the Doctor and Donna back together that made sense (and was given a lot of  credibility to the point you could pretty much see it coming but still punched the air when it all tied up).  I was 🥹😃😢😂😮😅🫨 throughout the entire episode and that’s far too many emojis for a 41 year old man to be expressing himself with!
21:09 yeah, that was VERY Winter-soldier-y. XD I didn't hate it but it was a tad weird. Lol.
I thought the episode was really really great. I had a lot of fun with it. Not a fan of the slight implication that the meta crisis is what made Rose trans. Also why did the Doctor not tell Donna's family that she has an elaborate sleeper agent code phrase needed to trigger her memories?
5.5/10  bit disappointed some things seem forced and rushed but honestly the hole Donna stuff is so convenient to the plot it would of hit harder and make more sense if she died but I understand why she didn't I've watched it twice now and the second time it seemed worse with the nostalgia aside my brother and sister cringed watching it but we didn't find it bad good middle ground episode I'm not going to talk about the good things I like it's ovi what's good. Love the acting, aliens, lore, tardis and a lot more hoping my opinion changes after watching a few more episodes
I found it somewhat middling. Not bad but hardly felt like an anniversary special. Just felt like a normal episode.  It was funny, looked good ( tho arguably not as good as chibs era) the meep (all hail the meep) looked great and was well done. Donna and doc were great and funny. Unit were cool and (I forget her name) but the science advisor was cool (the wheelchair guns were funny af)  I found rose a bit wooden and didn't like her gender being used as a plot point. I liked it initially where she is getting bullied etc and the grandma struggling with what to say. I just don't see why it had to be a somewhat forced plot point to solve the doctor donna The opening recap was weird I agree floating doctor was odd. I didn't like any of the music much tbh. The title sequence visually was great but just didn't really like the music (after 13s all time best title music it felt a let down) Good episode just not what I'd call special.
It's rather nice seeing what the original Tardis interior would look like on a 2023 budget. Stark white with roundles? Please & thank you. After seeing other reviews & reading these comments it seems I'm not the only one who thought everything was somewhat too easy & ended a bit too neat. I'm thinking all of the events of the episode were orchestrated by the Toymaker.  TheTennant regeneration, reuniting with Donna, the whole thing.
One thing that i noticed when the meep got defeated was that it said THE BOSS. Considering who was hinted at in the trailer, im genuinely terrified. You got wild blue yonder being a very horror centered episode supposedly, and then you got the toymaker reappearing, and the tardis RUNNING THE F*** AWAY!!! That implies some serious chaos is about to happen giving what happened last time
It is funny to see all-right channels being pissed off about Rose :D I would also loved if next time we see TARDIS interior it is dirty with lots of cables and broken lights looking like Doctor had to cobble some stuff for TARDIS to work at all, reminding 9th/10th Doctor one.
I agree with you so much!! Its was so good, can't wait to see wilf!!
I'm getting a lot of Charlie and the chocolate factory vibes from the new TARDIS interior. IT'S GOT THE ROUND THINGS ON THE WALL
I like The Star Beast
Im just a little tired of political corrections. In a show,  even if its wrong or right... I just want to see the doctor and donna on adventure.. i think there was too much of... Say the right pronounce. Wich is fine irl... But i dont want any kind of politics in a show like this
Episode was decent, just could have used less clearly forced trans stuff that added nothing to the story. I really hope Doctor Who does not turn into another show that kills itself by becoming woke propaganda.
I liked the Tardis consol the rest of the room look rubbish, far to much iphone polish with no substance or feel
Mixed feelings about the sonic, for me I feel like they need to explain it as "sonic rearranging air atoms" to create the screen and shield rather than "ooo I can spawn a shield and I've never used this before" it's more of a "I've come up with this new idea on how the sonic's ability to resonate with atoms can be useful"
I love the new tardis but it has me concerned because it’s too open. Implying to me we may see a cast with lots of companions which didn’t work for me
My big down on the episode is when Donna regenerated. I kind of feel like it is being overused lately. You only saw it in the classic who when a new actor took over. Now, 10 used it to heal, 11 used it as a decoy of his death, 12 used it to test Bill and 13 was forced into it several times by the Master. That's not counting the other characters that regenerated on screen. When Donna entered the Tardis, I half expected her to do the "Oh, you redecorated. I don't like it." Ellie, if you are worried about episode 2 being spoiled, best advice is don't click on anything related to the episode until you watch it.
I think if we’d been shown where the screwdriver came from e.g., the doctor designing it and intentionally giving it some new features (but still forgetting to give it a wood setting) then i wouldve loved the new features. As it stands im more neutral-positive on them.
I loved this episode- could have done with being 90minutes as the ending was rushed, however it may do with the overall destiny theme.. it may pay off.   I kind of hope they overload the sonic so much during the specials make it Intentionally far fetched and overpowered and not have Ncuti’s Doctor have a sonic for a while..
I felt like the new sonic capabilities are the literal embodiment of “what are you gonna do, assemble a shelf on me?”
Why couldn’t you say that Rose is trans? It’s not a a “situation”.
The reason it was better than the last couple of years is Jodie Whitticker isn't in it should never of been cast as the doctor awful awful 3 years 😮😮
Hmmmm seems like you enjoyed it a lot more than me. I thought it wasn't awful but it wasn't great either. I enjoyed seeing Tennant and Donna bouncing off each other again a lot more than I actually thought I would. I truly hated the sonic shields as if the sonic could do that The Doctor would have used it a hundred times before and it made it all a bit easy...in fact that sums up the episode for me. Dealing with The Doctor Donna crisis....easy, oh it went in to her daughter....ok but not very satisfying after the build up. The initial handling of Rose being Trans was brilliant loved the conversation between Donna and her Mum but then the Binary bit was forced and massively twee.  Then we had the let it go bit which was also naff. Overall I enjoyed it but I didn't love it like I expected to after such a long wait. Ok but disappointing
About the sonic Ellie completely agree
14:31 I agree!
Serious question here (I absolutely loved the episode BTW), did Ellie avoid the word Trans because of the YouTube algorithm? On a positive note, a friend of my wife has a Trans daughter who came out recently and apparently they were running round the room high fiving each other in excitement over such positive representation on a mainstream TV series, how wonderful.
Binary Binary Binary....NON Binary! 🏳️‍🌈❣️❣️❣️❣️❣️
When Donna mentioned being fired for spilling coffee, my first thought was, that's going to happen again in a moment. It was predictable and silly but I still loved it. Perfectly pitched for family entertainment.
I think wirh the beginning it would have been so much better to have the recap without the 4th wall break, they could have shown the past clips with just the voiceovers.
"Once upon a time. Once upon a timelord" was cringey and jarring. Like what even was that? But everything else was fine.😂
Disney+ and woke mafia got to Doctor.  Nothing about this episode was "60th anniversary special"
I liked thr episode felt like RTD was pandering to the NB/Trans community. Emphasising pronouns.
I loved this to no end. When The Doctor put on the wig I had to pause the episode and just laugh uncontrollably for 5 minutes. I have not had to do that in a long time watching Doctor Who!
Donna did say to Rose earlier in the episode that [paraphrased] she would descend like fury if anyone/anything threatened her daughter! Then she did!
David and Catherine where great but it was absolute trash preachy as hell
Everyone if we see Bernard cribbins in blue yonder then we all HAVE TO SALUTE OF WILF
Not trying to sound homophobic but I had a bit of a problem with the whole transgender parts of it. When the Doctor was treating the Meep and Rose goes all Karen by saying "Are you assuming it's gender?" I just thought 'Really?' Even though I knew what they were trying to point out and then that whole speech at the end about non-binary and women (not that it was bad or anything) just felt as if it was being forced onto people out of the blue and as you said the "Letting go" was kinda easy because I thought Donna was gonna have all the Time Lord stuff again and then find out what would happen. Overall though I loved the episode and can't wait for next week. My sister didn't like it though and thought it was pointless but it's basically the setup episode to catch you up and introduce you to everything and then the follow up and conclusion
The sonic screwdriver has all ways been OP ot does any thing the plot requires silly then and silly now come up with different technologies that the doctor uses lazy writing ✍️.
I absolutely loved this first episode of the specials!!!! But watching Miss Ellie review of it and seeing her excitement made me want to rewatch the episode!!! The episode was “Fantastic!!”
9:38 I agree. That was a tad weird.
Felt like a good filler episode, wouldnt be the best of a season so why is it an anniversary episode. Felt more like a celebration of RTD and Tennant rather than the whole of Doctor Who
The line that really got me was Rose saying "After all these years, I'm finally me." I relate to that so freaking much.
This episode was amazing. I thought the whole 'what pronoun is meep' could've been left out. I'm willing to say that the whole gender thing is just an earth thing. I would doubt aliens would give a f about pronouns.
Tell me you finally have an answer about Ireland! I know Sean was in America for this one but he's presumably asked his family!
Why use Yasmin the girl can't remember her lines and can not act awful casting 🤔
My favorite joke was the psychic paper calling Tennet a mistress and then he tells it to catch up.
I just kept wondering why the doctor has a wig in his backpocket. Says a lot about me probably....But I agree with most of the ups and downs. Except for the fact that the slightly better special effects don't bother me at all.
I do agree with you though that the opening should have been a trailer like the series 4 campfire trailer
So glad you mentioned the sonic screwdriver new abilities. Ruined it for me personally....it seems lazy because it gives them an easy way out of situations that woukd classically take some thought which is why Dr Who is great. Please revert the screwdriver 😢
It dropped around 11AM where Im at. I was at work, wouldn't be home for at least another 8 hours. I had to dodge spoilers like it was an olympic sport. I always work Saturdays, so that's just gonna be my life for the next few weeks 😂. I feel for you, Ellie, hope nobody spoils the next one for you.
As 8f anyone would give 166mill to charity absolutely ridiculous 🙄
Yeah, those new capabilities for the sonic were a bit... I mean, I know The Doctor is always upgrading it, but with all the times in the past that a shield would have been handy. They should have at least shown us him finding a shield that he could canabolie and put parts of it into the sonic. A bit like they did with the extrapolator adding a force field to the TARDIS. And, as for the screen thing, they could have thrown in something like, "I don't know why I never did this before." Towards the end, the 10th Doctor was always doing funny little upgrades, like adding a car alarm to the TARDIS.  Even the resonance with the mortar was bit much due to how long it took the sonics to calculate the resonance with that door between the War Doctor and the 11th Doctor. I'm not saying it shouldn't have been able to do it in a timely manner, just, maybe the should have shown him scanning it and then waiting a few seconds for it to do the calculations. Maybe stretch the awkward silence of waiting for the calculations bit.  Also, I have to agree, that solution to the meta-crysis was just to easy. It's the kind of solution that, if it's really that easy, then they should have done it the first time around.
The conversation between Donna and Sylvia in the kitchen about Rose completely baffled me and i have no idea what was meant by it.
The space ship didn't crash it landed lol
What a joyful episode!! I think the sonic-screwdriver's new abilities have more to do with what the new expanded budget and special effects capabilities can now make possible.
Personally I was wondering if the original plan was to have Benard Cribbins as Wilf do the cold open. Perhap as him  wilf telling a story to rose, but they weren't able to get it finished, and so had to quickly reshoot something and this was the best they could do in the time frame?
Really enjoyed the whole episode apart from the cis male reference didn’t need it  Are they going to gender the ood next?  None binary darleks?
Come on ellie! If we can believe that a police box can fly through all time and space and gets even bigger on the inside, why can't we believe that the Sonic has even greater evolving capabilities than we've previously seen?
Since before the premiere I've maintained a theory that either Donna or Rose will regenerate into Ncuti. I still maintain it.
Surely the reason the Doctor can sneak around in the open without being seen is the same reason that the entrance to Torchwood can't be seen unless you are specifically looking for it?  Ie a portable perception filter generated by the sonic.
for your easter eggs video, just want to mention that 14 putting on the judge's wig is the same wig from season 16's 'the stones of blood' that 4 wore
It is very much imperative that all people get to see themselves in the way we represent ourselves in art and I was glad to see more trans representation here.  As others have mentioned, the dead-naming scene and the grandma scene were spot on realistic to situations I've wittnessed.  But I also kind of felt that contributing Rose's nature as a trans individual to the meta-crisis in the manor they did was akin to making an "excuse" for her nature as a trans person.  I am a gay cis man, so maybe I'm reading it wrong since I'm not standing in the shoes of a trans person, but it did feel to me like they used the meta crisis to make an excuse for a part of her nature that I think doesn't need an excuse or a reason beyond it just being who she is.  Am I reading too much into it?
I genuinely loved this episode! It was such a big improvement from the episodes we've had over the last few years and it was lovely to see all the returning and new characters! I'm still not recovered from seeing beep the meep finally show it's true colours! Although it's still pretty adorable! 😂 I'm relieved they've found a solution that allows donna to remember the doctor and not die. Rose was a lovely character and I cannot express how much I've missed sylvia noble! There's still a way to go but this episode was a strong start and I have faith in the future of doctor who! ❤️❤️🔷🎉😊
The over politically making of binary rubbish really was over played and made the episode overly woke. Pushing political messages to a child audience is strange
I loved how Tennant was playing 14 with some of 13s mannerisms and vocal inflections. Even the way he crossed his legs while driving away from Shirley was SO 13!!
Yeah, RTD has a history of using Deus ex machina to save the day and now he's created a super powered sonic screwdriver that can save the day anytime he likes (I mean seriously, some previous episodes would have been 10 minutes long if the Doc had used it to escape stuff 🤷🏻‍♂️)
Good on you for taking the time to review, my opinion was that it would score an average, 6 -7, however I'm so disappointed and fed up with the "Message" that I'm out, this continous indoctrination will not end well, you've been short changed 😮
I'll be honest at the part where you got to the DoctorDonna death, I was expecting a Horrible Histories style "but not for long!" 😂  Icl, the metacrisis bit seemed a bit of a conveinient cop out. Also I don't understand how the DoctorDonna knew the Doctor was a women. 14 never mentioned it to her on screen and she wouldn't have known via the metacrisis so how did she know?
No the Sonic grows like the TARDIS and the Doctor
It was a stupid episode and waste of everyone's time, with plenty of panderversary to make everyone hate it. This is NOT an improvement over 13.
Before watching,  I thought  "The Star Beast" was an entertaining affair. As a celebration of everything that had come before it worked brilliantly, marrying classic Doctor who sensibilities (unsuprising given the source material) with the tight witty dialog and well drawn characters which helped a whole new generation fall in love with the show in RTD's intial run (seriously, I felt the impact of Zogroth and Zreeg dying  within a few minutes of having met them) The whole thing looked amazing too, with both  the pratical effects and the visual effects being some of the best Doctor Who has ever had, Beep the Meep in particular being brilliantly expressive. Additionally, the pace plotting and direction were on point.  There was a lot to love. The performance from tennant as the 14th Doctor was outstanding, and he really showcased his talent, making it clear that whilst they share a face this was a very different doctor to the 10th. More subdued and sutble. Sneaky rather than overt. Taking his time, figuring things out before rushing in. Three lifetimes of Experience has changed him.  The entire Noble-Temple family were amazing, every scene telling their story or moving the plot forward naturally (this is how you write  exposition Chibnall) And the final scene on the spaceship was  extraordinary, both Tennant and Tate hitting every emotional beat perfectly. The only negatives, for me, came from another hallmark  of the RTD era; an over reliance on the Deus ex Machina (Sonic forcefields, anyone?). Their were 3 seperate uses of the crutch in the finale the first was inevitable and as I said, expeptially well acted and incredibly well written. The reveal of Rose's true nature, was signposted pretty well and tied things together quite neatly. It was the resolution to that, the third Deus ex Machina, best summrised by "Let it go" that I took issue with- I Just felt that the whole sequence felt incredibly pratonising and a little too rooted in unhelpful stereotypes. A dissapointing resolution to 15 years of speculation. I feel it could have been resolved in a better way, perhaps even hinting towards the Celestial toymaker's influence or giving them a reason to travel on together (also. Why did the damage magically revert?).  However, minor gripes aside, The episode was really rather good.   I'd give it a solid 8/10.
Loved your review. The only thing I disagree with is the interior of the Tardis. To me it looked too clean and too white. And I partied when donna's coffee made a mess out of it.  By the way, as a nearly 60 yo woman I was fascinated how easily David was able to run and jump through the Tardis, that was amazing!! ❤  And thumbs up to your videos, I enjoy them a lot.  Greetings from Bochum, Germany.
Don't stress over the upgraded Sonic Screwdriver, The Doctor simply downloaded a couple of new apps. 😁👍
I don’t really like the new tardis, I just wish there was some colour because it ultimately strips the tardis’s personality away by making it look like a clinical machine rather than a living, conscious being. Idk just add some colour beyond some rgb light display or decorate it with random stuff like capaldi’s tardis just something other than the barren white void
I hated the "twist". Sorry - felt like another marvel/disney disaster woke b@llsh!t
I wasn’t a fan of the new sonic ability to make those panels. I thought it was a step too far.  There was some in-your-face messaging that bothered me a lot as it didn’t feel organic.   When Donna comes out of her memory-block, I laughed out loud. “I gave away £118M!”   The TARDIS shorting out was stupid, IMO. I mean, if it’s going to short out when spilled, then why have a coffee maker in the panel? Illogical.  The shadowy figure and the person Meep answers too is clearly NPH.   The episode was OK, but it wasn’t my favorite.
I feel that the TARDIS put the coffee machine there on purpose so that Donna would spill the coffee and force them to where they needed to be.
Name beep Species meep
I don't mind the sonic screwdriver's air screen, as that's basically just a more visual way to show the capabilities it already had... The forcefields seem like an unexplained story breaking upgrade though!
They keep saying it like "Roarth"
I agree with you on a couple of things. You're right - it felt like a bit of a cop out the 'just let it go' part. Especially after all of that build up. Oh & the new TARDIS interior is beautiful, so beautiful. It's such a nod to the interior of the classic era TARDIS. Yup, overall, I was pleasently surprised by this episode. I really enjoyed it as it was so cheesy & great fun. However, I felt like the over sentimentality at the end spoilt it a touch though. I can overlook that though as I'm just pleased to have enjoyed Dr Who again after the last few miserable years. 5 years is a long time to go without watching one of your favourite TV shows. Far too long. The Doctor is back in the house, baby!!
So I decided to do a rewatch, starting with the end of time. And because I haven't seen that in years, I forgot that it follows straight on from the 60th... Which means! If you watch, The 60th, the end of time and the star beast, you get  a movie marathon, not only that, they link even further because you get the curator in the 60th directly linking to the star beast! (I may do another rewatch with all three!)
The logo in title felt out of place
I'm definitely up for a "What?" Drinking game....sadly I'd lose.
Doctor: Let me in! Sylvia, with the rage of a thousand suns: *YOU* Me: Run, Doctor, run!
I agree with the screwdriver issue. Seemed weird how all of a sudden it can do all this new stuff. Wasn't even a passing comment from him that he has a new screwdriver out of nowhere. That new tardis though...... stunning.
Sylvia was the best character in this episode, loved her!
The Doctor ‘belted’ by a character’s parent once again! 😂  Good on you Sylvia, I loved this! ❤  This should have gotten an up IMHO. 👍
I think the meep character is almost similar to the creature in MIB International... Don't you think?
Am I the only one who did not like it? It did not feel like a Doctor Who anymore. :(
I am trying to be so careful with spoilers.  I've not been able to watch it yet. But I really, really want to her the ups and downs.  OH the dilemma!
i feel like the pronoun stuff with meep was really badly executed. I feel like they wanted to have the trans girl say something about pronouns but they forgot that the doctor is litterally a genderfluid alien. i have no idea why the doctor had to be the clueless one instead of donna or sylvie.
I really wish Murray's beautiful music and the sound mix deperartment could tone down the volume levels because OMG I hate how they force the music to be so loud and have since 2005.  That's my only comment to make on these beautiful ups & downs. <3
Meep's a costume
What's the lesson for the boys? Don't beep your meep!
I actually like Meep's hands, they make sense in context of the whole story. The hands "look" evil, which is a sharp contrast with the cuteness of Meep as a whole, hinting that Meep is not all what they seem at first glance. It is also quite brilliant that Meep spent most of the pre-reveal time hiding their hands.
I would talk about it but there’s too much to say I just loved it
We’re here, and it feels great!
I got a feeling that there's a side effect with the let it go a bit. I do love it but at the same time it does seem a fairly easy solution. I rate it a great 8/10. Slow start and does not have the best pacing (slow start and quick ending). But I found the episode so silly (good silly) fun and Meep was great both good and evil. Miriam's change in voice was excellent. Rose was also a fantastic character and they dealt with them being trans really well. The tardis was a bit too bright and clinical but overall layout is fantastic. Overall a great introduction episode and I can't wait for the next special
They should redo titles sequence were thry show the face of the doctor to call back to the 60th anniversary
I'm sorry to say that I disagree with you on a few things.  For example, the bit where Rose interjects that the Doctor shouldn't assume Meep's pronouns felt wrong.  He speaks baby for goodness sake, he should be able to sort out that on his own and I felt that it was a little pushy, unnecessary and disrespectful for her to go there.  The scene could have been written differently if they felt they needed to make that point.  I'm not a big fan when the show gets preachy or political.    My next disappointment is that the Doctor showed almost no concern for Donna remembering him for the majority of the episode.  Donna's mother was so much more concerned for Donna's life than he was.  He seemed to be too busy showing off to care if he triggered a memory.    The next part that felt flat was the resolution of the huge cracks that tore up London.  It's supposed to be science fiction, but what part of streets restoring themselves has any science involved?  He's the Doctor, not the Magician.  That ties into his sonic screwdriver as well.  The Doctor has had other tools in the past for different occasions, and though I understand that he really can't carry a tool box or wear a tool belt, if he has room for a wig in his pocket, maybe something else besides a screwdriver would be nice.   I'm holding out hope for the next two episodes, but I'm really underwhelmed by this one.  I'm so glad you enjoyed it, but I don't think it's going to hold up well to the test of time, pardon my pun.
well that was just about bang on well  done
This episode had so much potential…Jarring and forced gender ideology that made no sense.
The new desktop theme?  Hmm they've redecorated... I don't like it 🤓
I would have liked the Doctor Donna to be resolved by them thinking by sharing the metacrisis they would be okay. And at the end of the 3 specials, Donna & Rose started burning up again. The Doctor worried this might happen and so prepared--now had more time which he didn't when it was just Donna. And the Doctor is able to absorb the metacrisis from both of them which kills him, forcing him to regenerate. Solving the problem in a more satsfying way that doesnt deminish the stakes & is a real sacrifice. We know how much the Doctor loves being Tennant (this is his 3rd time) but of course is willing to sacrifice himself for the Noble family. He did it for Wilf. He will do it for Donna and Rose.
ive just had a thought that shirley-ann bingham will enter the tardis if they keep this interior as the stairs are all smooth may be   wrong but just seems like it to  me cannot wait for next week
The sonic really bugged me as a sound designer. It's a sound-based tool. It shouldn't be able to make holograms or bulletproof surfaces appear. So many ups for the episode though!
We need a video of the unfiltered recording sessions of Miriam Margolyes as The Meep, Miriams vocal work is exquisite, its a character all of its own, All hail The Meep!
I promise eli this is the last one! Don't hate me. Eli I 100% agree this is also one of my favorite Tardis designs as well! And also the same here Matt's was one of my favourites so this is a big up for me as well!! And people tell me that my 99% thought of Nucti using the Tardis is gonna happen!
Sorry Ellie, but those weren't stairs in the TARDIS. They were wheelchair ramps.
Loved the new sonic features, generating a holographic screen when scanning something so we can visually see what the doctor is looking at rather than just blip, and exposition technobabble. And the holo shield not being silly broken by taking time to setup, and not invincible.
I thought the episode was brilliant. And Chris Chibnall to take note, this is how you show support for certain issues without using a battering ram to make your point.
I don't often or ever like to use the phrase 'woke' but the whole non-binary thing as a plot device was extra lame cringe of the highest level. I actually respected/enjoyed the scene with Donna and mother addressing the sometimes awkwardness of pronouns, but when they then weaved that into a plot device for the ending, I winced.
My biggest issue is that Yasmin Finney was a wooden actress. I mean, she was so bad at acting, Donna made a comment about how Rose couldn't act at a school play. That comment literally made me wonder if RTD knew Finney couldn't act and tried to find an in universe way to justify Finney's wooden deadpan acting. I also thought the "male presenting" comment after resolving the meta crisis in less than a minute was so cringe. Why does feminism have to tear down cis men rather than just build up femininity and women? Aside from those negatives, the special was really great! A great improvement from the insulting & boring writing of the Chibnall era.
I loved the episode. The Doctor Donna forever! It was action packed, funny, fun and heartwarming.  I love the family dynamic.  I like the inclusion in a simple and realistic way. It was not slamming over the head, and it was a simple statement of the struggle to be different but not wrong to be different.  They had just the best male character as a husband and father.  He was understanding, accepting, and willingness to make the effort.  Then they destroy it all with the statement "in your male presentation but if you were still a woman" you could not do it which blew the whole inclusiveness out the window by excluding someone based on gender presentation. They basically stated that a man or male presenting person did not have the capacity to understand, change, or be empathetic.  It was a statement on gender and could have easily been a statement of The Doctor's current perspective because he was a woman with the female experience he should be able to have the perspective so he is non-binary.  Otherwise, I love this episode.
The opening recap was weird, considering it was essentially redone when the Doctor was talking to Shirley and Donna talking to her Mum. It could have been done differently or just left out. The new sonic wasnt even explained how he got it, hopefully it's covered at some point and has The Doctor wondering why he hasnt questioned it.
I didn't like the optics of The Doctor floating in space but I liked that the opening in its form was there. I think the long recap is needed at the start of this episode. Not everyone watching it will have been through every trailer / teaser / extra before. If this episode is your starting point, the opening does a good job picking you up and bringing you up to speed about the Doctor / Donna history and for me as Doctor Who fan, it was a nice trip down memory lane.
our Noble clan, very nice word play there Ellie
I wasn't sold on the sonic screwdriver upgrades - hope it gets nerfed even though it's cool in concept? Like I believe in experimenting and pushing things but this feels like it could cause questions abiut why he doesn't use his bulletproof shield capability every time now
I really enjoyed your video!! I also adore that you are a hardcore fan and that you love the “janky” stuff about the show! I loved this episode, David Tennant is my Doctor!! But I was kind of iffy about the new super sonic feature things too! DoctorDonna will always be my favorite duo, they’re so great together!! Basically, I’m thrilled they’re back, Incase you couldn’t tell! Anyway love your videos!!💜💜😊😊
For me, everything worked except "let it go". I loved the whole Rose thing, but I presume at least 2% of the Daily Mail readers have already died of a stroke. I loved the new theme and the musical callbacks
My only real down was the "male presenting timelord" line, just felt unnecessary and kind of against the theme of the episode
Yeah I agree about the letting it go thing, I think it needs RTD to explain a bit, have they just released all that Time Lord knowledge? Are they back to full human?
About the sonic probe protecting a shield, too much. Make it a sonic blaster too, more useful than using it to write in the air.  Too much sonic, it was a lockpick. Also it blew out mines, which already seems to be enough power to hurt people. Then a super computer 🤔  Use it as a shield and a gun, listo!
The meep is cute regardless
Take a bit UP Ellie, great review. It was great to see that while I was watching, the likes went up from 100 to 500, so deserved.
I love the sonic's new functions. It lends more to the sonic being a magic wand from the concept of "any sufficiently advanced technology is indistinguishable from magic".
When Silvia said "then you got better" made me think of Dr Moon
When Donna said "something he would do" I had to pause, rewind, and put subtitles on to make sure that's what she said. That line was such a good reveal that she was starting to remember
The thing to remember with the Sonic Screwdriver is it’s like the Tardis it is forever evolving and trying to improve itself
I like the new Tardis, I just think it's a little too big, only because it really gives me liminal space vibes
Doctor Who scripts, especially RTD scripts were never so... forced in the past. I wonder how much of the episode was Disney and how much of it was Davies, because Disney has been the one with the whole "shoehorn this and that in as clumsily as possible, because our audience isn't smart enough to understand subtlety and nuance" style of writing in recent years. I hope the subsequent episodes don't have the same amount of megaphoning it all.
Finally,  Doctor Who was entertaining and fun again.  The doctor was actually the doctor in more than name only,  and the writing,  well most of it with the exception of that meta crisis let it go thing, was actually pretty good. Despite its problems,  this 1 story was better than 3 seasons of Chibnall.
It was a dream or a simulation. It explains a few things. But who's ? Which doctor ?
I’m sorry but me and every one of my friends hated this episode
WARNING, The STAR BEAST is filled with WOKE NONSENSE: * Rose (Donna's trans daughter), literally tells the Doctor to not assume an alien's pronouns; this scene isn't treated as a joke, or anything. It's literally a "look at us being woke" moment where the Doctor goes "oh yes, valid point, I'm sorry" (which comes across as ridiculously OOC for Tennant's version of the Doctor, incidentally) Yes, this literally happens.   * Rose, once again, near the end of the episode, tells the Doctor that as a "male-presenting time lord" he cannot ever be able to understand how to control himself the way a woman can. Again this is not treated as a joke moment, it's supposed to make you go "yeah! You go girl!!" and it's really in your face.   * But probably the worst one of all (and SPOILER alert)... In order to safe all of London, the Doctor is required to make Donna remember him by activing her Doctor-Donna state. When he does this, Donna repeats "binary, binary, binary" in a glitched loop, like she did in Journey's End. It looks like Donna is dead, but then it's revealed she isn't, because her meta-crisis state was passed down to her trans daughter Rose. So when Donna glitched and repeated "binary", her trans daughter (and I'm not making this up) said, "non-binary", and that activated her own meta-crisis. Donna's daughter literally saves the planet with her trans pride   *  I wasn't going to touch on the difference between "trans" and "non-binary", and how the episode doesn't seem to grasp this difference whatsoever, but I will since it dives into a deeper issue with this point. They were clearly going  for a very blunt gender ideology allegory regarding Rose's non-binary status as the Metacrises version of herself. But as a result, the episode's entire moral allegory ends up becoming "non-binary is superior to binary-transgenderism". Or, at the very least, that binary gender view is an issue, and that it needs to be resolved with non-binary gender. I mean, what else is a transwoman turning into a non-binary version of herself supposed to be implying? It's actually insulting to the transgender community if anything. It's also insulting to the non-binary viewpoint, since its going to confuse viewers into thinking "non-binary"AND "trans" mean the same thing. They tried to pander, and as a result, they just insulted everybody; and the worst part about it is that the only people who cannot see that are going to be cis people who think they're moral saviours.  No non-binary person--I guarantee absolutely NONE--wants this stuff shoe-horned into the episode in a way that makes it feel so much like their identity in Doctor Who is "transgender" and little else. I know this for a fact, since I happen to be non-binary myself.   The main problem I have is how unnecessary it was. I didn't mind Rose being trans (in fact, I like the general idea of representation in media), and there are moments in the episode that were also related to her being trans that I didn't list above, because they're okay moments. The above three moments just completely spoiled the episode for me, though; it took what would've been an amazing episode, and turned it into another example of Doctor Who being politically-partisan and virtue-signelling for no good reason. They were entirely unnecessary--especially wit the other moments doing a good enough job by themselves of representing natural trans struggles--and only existed to annoy people who didn't wanna see it, while cis-white people who have saviour complexes can feel good about themselves. I would've been able to tolerate the first two moments alone, but the third one is completely episode killing for me. It's just useless, unnecessary, and comes across as ironically insulting to the people it's trying to pander to; aka people like me.
I loved the new editions to the sonic screwdriver. It's great that they finally got a budget that allows them to show the capabilities in a physical way. Rather than the audience, just watching it light up and then having to accept or just imagine what the doctor is doing.
The only part about rose inheriting the meta crisis, to me, kind of implied that that was the "cause" of her being trans, and watching it, when she said "I finally know who I am" It didn't really connect that she "picked a gender"
I saw a brief clip of Tennant reviewing the entering the TARDIS scene with people I likely don't know through not being British. :P He quite freely admits that scene had very little in the way of acting, and it was simply him going nuts over the new design. :D  There's one guy on Yahoo who complained about the "multiracial couple" being featured just for the sake of being inclusive. Had to give him a talking to about the show's history, both of promoting social changed and simply what had happened before. Claims to be a fan but really doesn't seem to understand a thing about the show, and I wouldn't be surprised if it was done simply to poke holes at what he called all the "woke" elements.
Agree about the intro, bit weird. Even Tennant seemed a little weird. But it passes quickly. Agree too about the sonic, felt a bit much, but hey if they have the tech, so must the Doctor? Not a hill I’m dying on 😉  Love the plasticy Wrarth warriors, and the fact Meep was practical pre-cgi. Nice.That stuff doesn’t just happen, takes a crazy amt of work (see Unleashed, it’s something amazing)   Ellie, I love your videos. Just want to add that instead of “the situation” you can go ahead and say the fact the Nobles have a transgender daughter is fascinating or interesting, or the family is dealing with that in positive ways. The term “transgender” is really and truly ok to say aloud. I’m in the US, and I have a transgender daughter, so I’m more comfortable than some perhaps, I get it.  But that’s why I’m mentioning this. As a mom, I’m feeling seen today myself - by Doctor Who! - as well as so truly inspired by Donna. Ready to descend!   In that vein, I’m simply asking, please go ahead and use normal everyday terms. There’s no need to tiptoe around. Nothing to hide here, some folks are already upset by the ep, and they just will be. Nothing to be done about that except to be very clear. Y’all owe Donna and Rose that much. Thanks!☺️
Awful episode in every way. Badly written, acted, and RUINS Journey's End with one of the worst plot conveniences in the history of the show. Go back and actually watch some of Series 4 and then tell me with a straight face that this was acceptable
I’d say that if the thing about slipping up was supposed to be an important/ obvious thing, as someone not familiar with the actor and having avoided all spoilers from internet and tv (tv is easy since I don’t live in uk) I almost didn’t even catch it at all.
I thought it was good, wasn't a fan of rose, I think the she can't act line was a joke because she was really bad and to me it felt like she was just there to fix the metacrisis which was underwhelming and the over powered screwdriver I'm undecided on, I hated the sonic glasses, so I don't think I'll like this, but other than that, it was a good episode, next week is back to what doctor who should be, doctor and companion
The fact the The Doctor heard Donna over all the soldiers was such a wholesome moment
I want to know more about this random person in Dhubi buying all of rose’s doctor themed plushies.,,, 🤔
Parts of it felt like they were written soley for ham fisted message delivery rather than the message being a subtle, natural part of the plot.
Kill jester
Agree with everything exept Tardis
Videos next time Ellie... lets see you watching it.
Ellie might have to Uninstall Twitter and YouTube for a few hours next week lol
I think with the Sonic Screwdriver, how it's handled going on will make the difference on whether it's a good change or not. As it stands, I don't like the dissonance with its theme (it's a SONIC screwdriver doing LIGHT projections), but I like the time and care it takes to perform these tasks. Maybe if it's handled like Captain Jack's old Sonic Disruptor in that it only has a limited amount of charge for its more energy intensive features, it could be a good option in a pinch, but for the most part it could be used to do things like building a hard light step stool or being a makeshift computer screen. The holographic monitor is definitely a step up from them peering at the side of their Sonic to read a detailed analysis of whatever they waved it over, though.
27:35 yes… but I hope no because I love that destine
And yes! So sorry for commenting so much! But yes i was half crying and half not taking this all in with Donna's death! Right! Me and my sister were both thinking she's dead and the toy maker was going to mess with time.
im trans, im them! repeat
The doctor talking about Wilf was genuinely heartbreaking - probably my favourite part of the episode along with right when Donna got her memories and complained about giving away the lottery winnings
I don't believe that this is the end of the Metacrisis situation. For all we know, the next two episodes may further explain what's going on and who else may have a hand in pulling the strings.
I hated the woke bits but really enjoyed it overall. No where near chibnall level woke
Also! Am I the only one who thinks when the doctor remarks on his past faces that he comes across as if he is a different incarnation.. because yes it's the same face! Any incarnation  would care the same for Donna!
13:43 you could say the sonic is good for protection but not for action.
I didn't like it that much. Good to see the Doctor and Donna together again. Even tho she'd die! if she remembered him? A bit of a 'out' of all that. I didn't like the Meep, wtf was that!  Jf people liked it, that's fine, I can sorta see how many do, tho, for me personally, disappointed😔 I did like the tardis interior 👍
I took the sonic to be like these small projectors which exist..
THANKS for this!!!! I'm relatively new to the channel (I think I discovered it during Picard 3, the "TNG" reunion) and I *live for* Sean's Trek Ups/Downs!! This is my first Who one!!! All hail RTD, Mark II! :) Yes, it's clear RTD has seen an MCU film or two :) ; I loved, loved, *LOVED* the Tony Stark sonic!!! I need to believe that Slyvia has mellowed a *tiny* bit with Donna. I hear what you're saying about the anti-climatic, but we all know a quick-and-easy wrap-up is an RTD fairy-tale-style staple. The (Disney-funded?) TARDIS alone was worth watching this for, take a big UP! As an American, we must disagree on the pre-opening sequence recap; it's *so* necessary for the new, global audience. Like its Amy-centered CWish-title-sequence cousin when the show went to BBC America during Matt's tenure, the recap is clearly for people discovering this on Disney+ first the first time (many people here have *heard* of the show but never seen it) and going "What the hell is this?"  or "Oh, yeah, that thing my geek/nerd cousin is insane for and won't stop trying to sell me on; let's me take this taste and see what the hype is about." :)
100% with you on the practical/VFX balance, great to see so much being done as practical with just VFX to enhance. As for the sonic, yeeeeah it is bit over powerful, but … it was done right and in an interesting way. Plus it did reeeeeeaaaly look cool especially how David wielded it.
An Up Donna named her son Jason. Jason means Healer or Physician so she named her son Doctor. Then her daughter named herself Rose. 🌹 Maybe The TARDIS helped with that. Actually I would have to give this a GOLDEN UP.
Although they said Disney wasn't involved much in the show itself. Between the marvel and the "agenda" pushing, I can see clearly why this was on Disney+. Hope it goes back to just being a fun show without the extra.
Great ups/downs video 😍 I loved the new abilities of the sonic which has changed over the years anyway, and perhaps it makes sense that with each iteration the technology improves?
cetacean observations?
When me and my sister were glued to the screen last night subtly eating our popcorn 🍿 we both said we liked the Sonic's ability. Now when Elie said she personally didn't like it I did gasp..but! Now I do understand that even tho Doctor Who is the original of sci-fi I do think it should keep its own original idea instead of being influenced by other consepts.  But me and my sister will rewatch it to find as much detail
Now, I haven't memorised all of the ups and downs scores, but is 27-4 the best up-to-down ratio we've ever had?
This episode was very fun, I had a great time, but unfortunately it felt rushed, everything happening so fast so the most of the characters felt very flat, no time to breathe, it's hard to tell who the characters are, we know who they are for Donna or for UNIT but it doesn't tell much about them, I wish we could have more time for establishing them before it went full into the plot, even the Meep, he's cute then scary but that's it, barely had time to fall for him, and except for excitement and the adrenaline of the situation I didn't feel much else when Donna recovered her memory and her fake death :/  It's the same writer who on his last DW story paused the plot and put Wilf and the Doctor on a coffee place and on a spaceship to give them time to reflect on who they are and in what situation they're in, I like these moments it's a shame, it felt like he was afraid to lose the audience, maybe it's a question of runtime, it still is TV after all
I personally loved the fact that the sonic has new abilities.  I did have a problem during the 13th doctor era where I felt she used it way to much. Literally walked out the Tardis and immediately scan random things. I definitely enjoyed the sonic abilities and the new Tardis is amazing. Saw leaked photos of it last year but still loved seeing it especially seeing 14 run around crazy loving the new interior.
I disagree with the recap should have been somewhere else, because a big thing is that this is supposed to be for everyone no matter how familiar they are with the show. And people that don’t know the show won’t have looked for a recap/trailer on social media
Totally agree with you 🤩 the major downer for me were the too evolved abilities of the sonic screwdriver… But overall I was smiling throughout the whole episode 🥰
Anybody else notice when the Doc opened the door of the Tardis at the beginning, the usually lit background interior was absent? Made the reveal at the end better, IMO
I loved it so much.  The mix between the 13. and the 10. doctor was so great. And the many eastereggs and the great adaptation of the original comic was so great. Espeacily the time in which Donna became her old self was so tear jerking.
Meep's final words were foreshadowing for sure
The Rawrth ! ;)
Maybe Disney aught to consider a cartoon where Mickey goes full on Super Villian and Donald Duck has to stop him.
Disagree with you right off the bat. People shouldn't need to watch a trailer or other video to get a recap for the episode. For someone unfamiliar with them, it gives just enough.
Too woke; unfortunately.  Ruining the series from here forward.  A shame.☹️
The woke bits ruined it for me
The powdered wig is a call back to Episode four of the Stones of Blood from 1978
Ellie channelling the Doctor running around the new desktop 😂😂
Betcha the Sonic, for all its new fangled skill"s, it still cant handle wood?!?
I loved seeing David Tennant & Catherine Tate back, as well as all the callbacks! 🙌 Overall this was a good first special, even if they were some downs. I love Doctor Who! 💜
As i mentioned on Twitter before, my love for this special started with the Opening Sequence, very Series 4 but dialed to 11...14. The Tardis interior WITH THE ROUND THINGS it, is so MASSIVE and it has door, probably to the Library, or the Pool....the Pool is still there right? Living Rooms? Bed Rooms?  Something that was - for me missing during Jodies run was humans just being humans, having conversations about daily stuff, life. Just seeing Donna and Sylvia talking for a bit was very refreshing.  The only thing that they could have kept - till the 3rd Special - the Meta-Crisis. I think it was gotten rid of a little to quick, but no problem with how.
Love it, only Donna can make a mess at the end.
Loved it. Only problem I had was Donna & Rose "letting go" of the meta crisis. Feels anti-climactic. Like why didn't Donna know to do that in 2008? I would have liked the Doctor Donna to be resolved by them thinking by sharing the metacrisis they would be okay. And at the end of the 3 specials, Donna & Rose started burning up again. The Doctor worried this might happen and so prepared--now had more time which he didn't when it was just Donna. And the Doctor is able to absorb the metacrisis from both of them which kills him, forcing him to regenerate. Solving the problem in a more satsfying way that doesnt deminish the stakes & is a real sacrifice. We know how much the Doctor loves being Tennant (this is his 3rd time) but of course is willing to sacrifice himself for the Noble family. He did it for Wilf. He will do it for Donna and Rose.
I honestly enjoyed it and in my opinion a heck of a lot better than the show has been for a while. Loved the new tardis interior, a nod to the classic era but with a modern update i was just not a fan of 13s tardis as it felt too small and was too dark. One thing i didn't like was the slight force of the gender stuff, like i know doctor who is pc but it should not matter what gender someone is as it was never a issue in the past. It was handled good but again i think gender just should not matter
Meep was an animatronic but CGI.
I like it I think but I have mixed emotions.  And for the big 60th I kind was off
Love how Ellie now seems to subconsciously do the hand movement every time she says Wraith lol ❤
9:25 YES YES thank you I felt the same way… down away
Absolutely loved The Star Beast! It was nice to have brand new Doctor Who episodes once again (made even better consider that it aired a day after my birthday).   As for the episode, I can understand the gripe that some would have about the hard light hologram projections that the Sonic Screwdriver can now produce, but I'm honestly okay with them. The only thing I would say is that the writers need to have some retraint in how often and where its utilized to not make it become a bother.
What😂
So, the sonic can literally do anything now…also, the family’s concern when the Tardis dematerialised..how did they know that’s not how it did it?
The Doctor actually said 'let's allons y' which of course means 'let's let's go'
enjoyed this far more than every Jodi Whittaker episode combined and my only gripe is once again with RTD shoving PC down our throats.  First he took Davros  out of his travel machine with a lame excuse about "you can't depict disabled people as evil" now its the whole he/she/it sketch with the Meep, it wasn't needed.  (And yes maybe I am a dinosaur!!)
Just felt like we've seen this plot before with familiar twists, with Smith & Jones in series 3. Where the Meep (Cute innocent looking Alien) substitutes the Granny Plasmavore. So personally, it felt underwhelming imo.
As someone who identifies as non-binary and has asserted The Doctor is NB for years now, this episode was obviously everything to me. Also the call back to 10's "It's not fair speech" from The End of Time absolutely shattered me
Sorry but for the 60th anniversary it was such a let down
Was ok. But I think the next two episodes could be a bit better. But seeing Ten and Donna back together was brilliant. First of I have 2 problems with Rose... 1.I love doctor who for being a diverse show. I like that we have characters who aren't straight quite often. But Rose was too much tbh. Remember Bill? Great Character. But asking the meep for pronouns? You ask a alien fur ball about it's pronouns? Just felt tagged on. And the melodramatic I'm non binary... idk felt a bit forced. Would've been fine if the episode was about her and the ending was that she finally felt like herself. But the episode really wasn't about her. They've only scratched the surface of a character development. (Gives me the same vibes as Davros not using a wheelchair... just unnecessary) But it's still not bad enough to not look past it. 2. Plot Armor for Donna. Oh yeah... Donna could have just let go of the metacrisis the whole time? Or what the hell was that? Wasn't the point that you couldn't let it go? Edit: I forgot to say I'm a bit concerned about the usage of the sonic screwdriver. It was already a device that could do way too much. And now it can... make bulletproof shields... It wasn't overused in the episode but I could see that happen in the future. Edit 2: I've seen a lot of people liking Rose and the things I've criticised... and if people who are going through that can identify with that story more I think it cannot be that bad. Maybe not for me but that's ok.
I’m still flying high from the episode. Love watching your content. *Skips away!
The Doctor walking around the site without being noticed. If you look confident enough, like you’re meant to be there, you can get away with it. Done it myself. Loved that.
I hate Disney. Looks like I’ll be getting a VPN🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️🤷🏻‍♂️
Ellie!!! We made it! It’s finally here! And it was soooo good! Doctor Who is back with a bang! 🔥
The down on the opening. Spot on, everything that was in it was mentioned at least once during the episode.
I was so hyped but that was super disappointing for a first episode
Also why there isn't honoring of wilf ?????????
only problem i have is his screwdriver making hard light in donna nobles house like when was this a thing?
I love your enthusiasm with Doctor Who! Keep it up!👍🏿👍🏿
I don’t know why they made David tennant float in space during the recap. Felt like a bit of a strange start to the episode
I was 5 seconds before meep turned out to being bad like „Omg! It’s so cute! I want to have one!“ Yeah… not anymore 🤣❤️
At the moment when Meep changed expressions, all I could think was Ellie was right!
Totally forced Trans plot that ruined Donna's arc
Absolutely loved this special. Excellent coverage of ups and downs. So much to cover  Love the banter, witty, and feels from key moments. Plus all of those memories.  Sonic Screwdriver: I love the new stuff it can do.   Plus that intro. A nod to the past, but also the journey throughout
15th comment
I don't really care about easter eggs. I prefer my eggs scrambled.
I'm on my second view. I'm very curious about who the shadowy figure was when the soldiers were hypnotized but I haven't seen anyone mention them yet.  Edit: Sylvia really was the heart of this story. Like, it was really her story this time - showing how much she's grown and even the Doctor got to her.
And the opening shot was so lame sorry
I liked most of  the tardis is impressive as words can't describe it so far and I I sure will see more of it soon .  But was I the only one who felt the explanation of saving Donna and the whole Trans plot was a little bit ( underutilized ) or for a better term ( tiny bit forced)
i loved it. Good episode and I don't even like Donna as a character.
That opening was to me the only big whiff!! You were correct itd been better as a promo or such.  Also, donna was the SMART person you KNEW she KNEW that the huge $$ would ruin her, so i liked the donation line! overall pretty good but i wished theyd honored wilfs passing!!
Your amazing Ellie 🤓
Hello from Vegas...im just gonna watch this before i hit the hay.  Gnight everyone. 🛌💤
I loved The Star Beast! It was great to see Tennant and Tate back again. Yasmin Finney is a great edition. I had a smile on my face the entire episode! It was just so much fun! I do wish Fourteen was a little less like Ten. He’s supposed to be a different incarnation. I thought there was something fishy going on with The Meep and the Wreath Warriors. But I didn’t call The Meep being the villain and the Wreath Warriors being like intergalactic criminal court police. Miriam Margolyes was excellent as The Meep. I really like the way they both reactivated the meta-crisis with the “binary, binary, binary” glitch repetition and then solved the meta-crisis with it being male, female, binary, and non-binary. And that Rose inherited the meta-crisis. It was very reminiscent of River having Time Lord powers. But the meta-crisis solution of “let it go” just felt a little anticlimactic. The new TARDIS looks a little too clean and clinical. The TARDIS is alive. It should have a personality. And they are putting that Disney money to work with those fantastic VFX. If we do get that UNIT spin-off, I hope Shirley is in it.
Hello
CM PUNK IS BACK!!!! WE'RE BOTH ON A HIGH
I loved it but.......
im so early
