Handsome devil.
Lwouldwipethefloorwiththatweakset.
He sounds like Trump!
He is the only comedian that I ever saw that enjoyed it when he didn't get a response from the audience after a punchline. He would have that long pause and just smile.
“You know”
He sounds like the boys in The Great White North.. take off ey...
Norm had small hands. Once you see, you can't unsee.
The way he keeps mentioning a pork sandwich in every joke is hilarious.
@4:53 my favorite sound norm ever made
This was incredibly stupid and dumb !!!!! I mean i get it everyone liked this guy but come on this was seriously terrible  !!! People just laugh to be laughing  because this wasnt funny at all
"I got no ending to that" Hey Norm, you killed it!
The more I hear about pork sandwiches, the more I want one
No jokes were told in this stand up. And then some of you will say "you just don't get his jokes" 😂😂😂
Funniest man in the last 1000 years.  😂🤣😂🤣😂🤣
A bowl of plaque Yeah, a fish sandwich with tartar sauce will do it too.  You gotta watch out for that.
Pretty decent bit, but it would've worked better as a B-plot in a scripted series than as a standup routine
Its like Norm took a bet he couldn't do a whole set on dental hygiene and he said your ptobably right but did it anyway.
Sometimes his humor makes me cringe but I've come to realize that good humor does that sometimes.  And this guy can tell a story that lasts for 5 minutes and just slips in the dumbest funniest ending that leaves you chuckling for hours.
We love you Norman!
I’ve gotten to the point that I don’t know if it’s just that I’ve heard all of his jokes or that I’ve just learned how his mind works, but I almost beat him to the punch line and I’m not even mad about it
the audience is sus
Huh. Until seeing this video I thought Norm Macdonald was funny
He can make a joke as long or as short as he needs to.
If Norm never existed and I went up on stage with the exact same mannerisms, the exact same cadence, and the exact same wording, I would get booed off stage. This guy had something magical about him. Always love and respect to you, Norm.
“On my way over here to the dentist office, on my way from the place where I was” I’ve gotta remember that
This might be one of the worst sets I've ever seen, but it's Norm so it's ok. I think he was there just to entertain himself.
Such an old soul. He feared nothing except driving a car. RIP norm
TO HELL WITH FLOSSING I say, ya know?
Very supportive audience
I can't believe he has been gone so long. I hope that AI bullshit uses the ghost of Norm somehow to make our future brighter.
this was before norm had f u money.
"stalk a gazelle" lol
Applause break for lying to dentists
DEAR GOD GIVE US BACK NORM MACDONALD AND WILL GIVE U RANDEN MONTALVO !!!!
Man, that was pretty dry, even for Norm. Lol
His teeth are perfect.
This is after the Xanax prescription came in.
i love listening to norm
Conan called him to come fill in. Norm was at a restaurant and worried he might have food still in his teeth. This is the result.
I named my cat Turd Ferguson . Everyone goes where did you come up with that name. ? Lol
Norm never cared if you thought his jokes were funny, and that made every joke funny.
Thank you to the Conan deal for uploading this you know ? yeh yeh yeh.  Ok.
Always a laugh out loud experience with Norm MacDonald.
and god bless you, Norm
He was a meta-comic before there was such a thing. His best jokes were the worst jokes he could find
I wonder how many people flossed their teeth as a result of watching this.
He delivered the ending himself, floss/avoid pork and you’ll avoid leukemia  “Call me old fashioned but I do not believe you have to shock people to get a laugh”
Norm Mcdonald: "To hell with flossing."  Also Norm Mcdonald: 💀
*Probably the only comedian whose timing could be a little ... off, and THAT was funny! Complete original. Thanks for sharing.*
It’s amazing how far white mediocrity and a decent jawline will carry you in this country
Well but it is love
That was his worst routine ever.
Darn I miss Norm so much.  The best Canadian ever.
You know, I didn't even smile, you know?
He was so handsome 😊❤
I tuned in to SNL for one thing only- Weekend News with Norm MacDonald.
Who couldn’t love this?
I love Norm. That was not funny.
What a gem.  ❤❤
Is that what Ricky Gervais is doing?  Killing gazelles?
Early norm vs final form norm
This is amazing. There isn't a joke in it except for "big bowl of plaque." A third of his sentences are unfinished, three of the punch lines are literally "uh ah uh yeah" and "YAAAH! AAAAAH" and "oh aaa ha," and the ending is "okay well I got no ending to that, but ah...God bless you folks!" If you had a gun to your head and had to explain why this is hilarious, you couldn't. It's all delivery.
Only Norm can spin a yarn without any rhyme or reason and its still funny😅
This isn't medical advice but a dentist told me about 6 years ago that if you don't smoke, don't eat candy or aren't a diabetic you really don't need to floss.
you're an anti-dentite!
It's hard to believe that this is the same guy that did norm Macdonald live
Jesus, this is so actively unfunny it's unbelievable
Not his best work
I'm sorry, is there anything funny coming from this guy? Not funny at all and sounds mentally challenged.
Master of his domain. Just classic
Underrated moment when he asked the crowd if they ever bit their tongue and they went crazy
Yeah that true and deep thinking right! about no tooth in the front considered as some fool or idiot. Joke but it make us to think too bravo
The smart guys gathering for their smart guys meet up 😂
"man that's bad" 😅  Why am I laughing out loud instantly him saying that. What's so funny about that??? But it is! I reckon he's simply a clear case of funny bones.
I'm using "i had a bowl of plaque in the way here" next time i go to the dentist
Sorry to be a smidge controversh, but I just don't get this guy. Sometimes he'll say something funny, but generally I feel he was always playing to an audience of himself, in his head.
God he’s so cute and hot
1 out of 5 dentists recommend listening to Norm
This is the only lousy bit he's ever done.
I've never seen any of these lol. 5 minutes on teeth haha.
Oh man, his commitment is something else
"Don't call me Norm, its....um.....Turd Ferguson."
That was so stupid. Why am I hurting from laughter? Damn, Norm! You’ve got me again!
A BIG BOWL OF PLAQUE
What a crack up!  Certainly knows about his 50-100 teeth.
Not his best material.
This played on autoplay right after I finished flossing 😂 Just came from his weiner dog standup
I find it so hilarious how he asks if people ever bite they tongues and someone in the audience is like YEAAAAAHHH man he was really loved and still loved till today
😬🦷👅😝🦷🧛🦌🐺
So it's clear that Norm was making this up as he went along right? He could've gone up there and recited the ingredients of a can of Dr Pepper and it would've been funny.
"I had a bowl of plaque..." Set ends. He really didn't know how he was going to end this one. But you know what? That's Norm.
lame.
Fashion was not his thing 😂❤
Is this mf rlly going on Conan to try out new material? 😂😂😂
You ever bite your tongue?  Audience- YEAHHH
Is the cop Norm Mcdonald
This guy was a silly goose. 😂
Good ol Norm.  The only guy who can be hilarious while simultaneously not saying anything funny.
Handsome, Brilliant, Comedic Genius; he is terribly missed 😢
Who are these people in the crowed that are laughing and shouting "yeah"  This is terrible comedy.
God he was gorgeous, what a hunk 🥰 and damn funny too. Rest in peace Norm ❤️‍🩹
His wife must be a real battle axe.
you know
It's hilarious but WHY DOES IT WORK
I never heard of the guy before, but that was pure gold.
He’s just riffing on teeth. It’s great.
They don’t make people like this any more
3:42
Not the teeth’s fault they do what they do just don’t take it personally
I thought he was done with the bit after he first minute but no 😂
"as i was saying, those dentists just don't know any better, i mean what restaurant serves plaque?"
Big fan of Norm, but this sucks.
I love how all his talk show bits start with him musing about some random mundane thing and intentionally wasting the unwitting audience’s time for his own amusement lmao
look at him doing cigarette motions without a cigarette.... he had an oral fixation.... which is not good!
Norm doesn't care. He'd bomb on purpose.
Not his best stuff lol I mean classic Norm focuses on a mundane thing for six minutes but I was expecting some corny, long-winded joke at the end, and instead he says he's got nothing lol...like maybe something like, "But you know, the dentist will know you are lying, you know? Because that's their job. They can only tell the tooth. Ok, goodnight everybody!"
Norm could never bomb, because when it wasn't as good as his other bits it just looked like he was trolling the audience.
the world is a colder place without him
What happened, did you bite your tongue?  Ehh, no. My... uncle died. LOL.
I love how, 'Well, I got no ending to that.' is the joke.  And the best one.
Nobody ever asked me or even looked at me when I bit my tongue,,,,,only  when I bit my foot off.
When he started talking about pork sandwiches I immediately related to what he was getting at with the whole getting stuck in your teeth thing.
Imagine the thousands of hours he spent perfecting this routine.
Doodilydoo doodilydoo      AAAAHHHHHHH!
Gosh, he was handsome. ❤
Looking through these comments...hard to understand how even Norm fans don't get this set. This is pure comedic genius that goes over the heads of even seasoned comedy fans. Maybe watch this again and really pay attention to comprehend how brilliant this is. The best comedy does not hit you in the face with obvious humor.
Lol @ that guy yelling "ALL THE TIME!!" when Norm asks if anyone bites their tongue
thanks Norm
Norm always thought Conan as his brother and Letterman as his dad.
He really practiced his nervous laugh for this one, didn't he?
His death was a sad day miss that man the funniest comedian ever and he was also Canadian🤣
People that like GRAPES…
What's amazing is how much funnier his delivery is now in retrospect. People didn't get it back then as much. They weren't ready for it. Now it's absolutely hysterical! 😂 And the audience back then is barely laughing. And yet he kept it up! Legend! 👊
SO BORING. And he aged terribly
Loved Norm but this was the worst I have ever seen.
I ate a big bowl of plaque lmfao
Watching clips of norm is a therapy for me. I was mad and now I’m not mad.
This was not a year ago
So many jokes unsaid. The 80’s?!
His jokes are so bad that they become hilarious and his voice contributes to his comedic style!! RIP LEGEND
That's the only time I've ever heard the phrase, purplely thing
Later he would find, that pausing for longer during the delivery - if having good material - is the way. Like any wedding speech ever.
It’s like he had no plan and was funny anyways
This has ripened so well that I'm laughing 50, 100 times more than the old dumb audience.
First two minutes is rough, he was dying out there. Once he said no one listens to you when you have no front tooth I was back in
I got no ending to that
He's in Heaven  taking his million year nap
It's been almost a year since he passed but I'm still here watching his legacy. Thank u team Coco for saving all the good memories.
Rip legend
A bowl of plaque
You know
This didn't elicit nearly the laughter it deserved!
I don't think Norm was Jewish enough for observational comedy
For a guy that often commits to poor material (like in this case) he is funny.
Thanks to Norm I don't waste my time flossing anymore!
Most often he was funny.. but not this night...
I don't remember hearing this before... New Norm material that I somehow missed
Not Norm’s best stuff.
The hardest I laugh is when the crowd doesn’t get the joke  They’re waiting for something, anything
The best comedians are funny for a reason you can't quite pin down. Someone less talented could bomb with better material than this
Thought Norm had come back to complain about Fortnite before I clicked on the vid 😞
"I uh...have no ending to that." Such a Norm ending
Norm is like a box of chocolates.
No one could say this and make it funny but him
Be true to your teeth or they will be false to you.  -- Soupy Sales
I love Conan but I subscribed for Norm and his love of pork.
The master of akward
You gotta admire a guy who is only there to entertain himself, and is genuinely entertained.
I brush 'em, you ever do that?
What a strange, awkward set. Any other comedian and I would have been bored out of my mind, but Norm has this demeanor that makes it hard to look away...and especially hard to get a grin off my face.
When does the funny start.....you know.....?
I always wondered what his IQ was ?
Larry King: "That's what makes English the worlds toughest language"  Norm: "To me its the easiest."
He was a terrible stand up comedian.
A bowl of plaque is genuinely vomiting deucing
♥️
Painful
People say Norm didn't care, and I don't think that's right. Norm cared. He wanted laughs, but he was willing to experiment and play the long game to get the bigger payout.
wow this set sucked by norm
I’m so disappointed in this audience.
i love this guy but my god ease up on the ya know ya know ya know
Norm once again took us to a 40-mile hike to show us a pile of turd.
I swear, Norm was only ever telling jokes to entertain himself. The way he constantly look like he's holding back a laugh. I genuinely think he was at all times, and personally just found himself hilarious. RIP to an absolute legend.
Fucking Norm. Doesn't even need to finish it
Had a bowl of plaque.
He was so handsome..but that voice lol.
Love you to death Norm but I must say, I can see why Bushman won back in the days
He's just playing with his food right here
That audience had to digest this moment for 20 years until realized they were in the presence of a comedic savant.
Only norm could do a whole set about his teeth
5 mins of rambling about teeth. Haha
there's one very supportive audience member
I don't know why im laughing
His style is something else. Like jazz, he has an odd rhythm that's almost as unexpected as that of life
Norm was the drunken-fist style of stand-up. You let your guard down because he's just rambling and before you know it the jokes already happened.
As the other guy in the comments said: I never understood the love for norm or hes comedy. Forced myself to watch 3-4 of his most popular videos and NOW i kinda get it. And BOI have i been missing out...rip legend
This is one of Norm's worst standups of the many I've seen him do, and I still liked it.  Even at his worst he had such a likeable way about him that you still get joy just from watching him - that's the Norm magic.
Norm Macdonald —> Andrew Schultz A comedic genius every couple generations
I never get tired of watching these. After countless times I still laugh until I have tears in my eyes. May God bless Norm.
🌬We miss you, ♥️♥️Norm MacDonald♥️♥️.
"What happened, did you bite your tongue?!" "Ahhh ... NO.  My uncle died."
Best comedian of all time
he sounds stoned
How many dentists die inside seeing this clip
I need more norm in my life. I love how every joke sounds like he made it up on the spot and he just stumbled his way through it.
Genius who disguised himself as a jackass
Who's the idiot in the audience that keeps shouting out? Does he know he's not watching a sporting event?
100 teeth!!
Norm’s genius was that he acted like he was mildly mentally disabled, and so you wanted to like his purposely flat punchlines and dead spots, as well as him, in general. Some of his lines, delivered by any other comedian, would bomb. He was wholly unique. Like Andy Kaufman, in a way.
This was a great thing to watch while I eat my breakfast. Gaaah!
Can’t thank you enough Team Coco 🙌  Norm = funniest man ever.
You can tell it’s an audience of true Norm fans
What an absolutely classic 1995 suit. RIP legend
He just funny..his jokes are average..but he is hilarious
Ahaaahh
Remember to floss kids. You'll die in 25 years.
Doctors close to the case say that’s what did him in.  He didn’t floss.  He didn’t floss.😢
So good. There will never be anyone like Norm, he was one of a kind. Just knowing he's gone makes me sad. We miss you Norm.
“I had a bowl of plaque”!😃😃😃😃😃
That must be the best audience anyone could ask for
This is the weirdest set Norm has ever done.
I miss Norm so much.
To those saying this was funny, stop lying to yourselves… what a terrible bit.
I want to know the number of dislikes. Dangit YouTube!
Half a pork sandwich and a bowl of plaque. This guy. Amazing.
I can't stop watching Norm 😵‍💫
What about his uncle?
Funny guy.
Mark Twain was a public speaker who could ramble a story on for quite a while before the punchline. It's said his delivery was slow and deliberate, but he didn't stutter around. Both gentlemen managed to fill a lot time with few jokes. Storytellers, really.
his early stand up was so bad lol
Waterpik sales skyrocketed after this routine.
I might not have more than a brain cell to not get the jokes
Norm you ole S.O.B! You're the only one who could pull this horrible set off! 🤣🤣🤣
Norm's stand ups always sounded like he found out he was performing 5 minutes earlier
Was he bad on purpose right here or just unprepared?
❤️
Holy Lord, he’s gorgeous 🥰
I loved him. Goddamit.
Not doing great here, but you can see traces of the genius.
Watching this while literally flossing!😬 R.I.P NORM!! 😭🥀🤧
No one like him so funny. Miss him 🙏💙
One of the most awkward and poorly conceived standup bits ever, and I was smiling and giggling all the way through it.  The joke isn't the words themselves but just that it is Norm Macdonald delivering it.  It's like the more unfunny and harder it flops, the funnier it is with Norm.
To hell with cancer
He can't not be funny..."ya know?" RIP Norm!
Whoa, that was rough. Love norm but that stunk. I haven't seen this one on, I'm Not Norm.
So refreshing after having seen Chappelle’s latest bitching tour
Hate to say it, but that is the worst Norm Macdonald performance I have ever seen. I love Norm, but it's like he always either killed, or stunk the joint up...sometimes on purpose
Hes fricken bombing here. Best moments lol Norm was only funny when he had writers and read his lines.
Tough crowd. Needs a fluffer or some viagra or something.
This man is so lovable even when he bombs.
Still crying over this loss
Why do I tear up with love for this man even when he bombs
You're killing me Norm.    Fangs .
Plaque Plate. Right between the Jamba Juice and Playa Bowl up on the Boardwalk.
He was just proving that the more famous you are the harder it is to bomb....
Imagine being a dentist listening to this. :)
You know you know my favorite comedian you know one of the best you know grew up with him most of my life you know. You know just can’t believe your got you know RIP big guy best wishes to Farley you know.
I was looking for something to keep me entertained during my evening dental care routine. Now I just feel silly.
I love Norm but this was thin gruel. Anyone else and they’d be laughed off stage.
The Legend. Love how you can see his dental work. Obviously a real interpretation, so sad there will. Never be. More
Norm likes his pork sandwiches. I remember him saying how delicious a pork sandwich is on Dennis Miller.
I was just at the dentist, and the assistant kept asking if I went to church. She was explaining how she found God and I just lied and said “Yea I go to church” she was so happy a “young person” had faith😂
Nobody can do it like Norm, no one would ever get away with what Norm did he was a legend!!
I love how he always talks about a pork sandwich 😂
I love Norm.  This was truly not good though.
o i love Norm
Boy was he handsome
His hands weren’t small here
Love watching the YouTube there
Does nobody mention how genuinely handsome Norm was?
I think there are only a few people who can pull off a bad stand up routine worthy of tomatoes thrown at you and STILL come out winning. RIP Norm.
Most people have no idea how hard it is to write jokes that are specifically not funny on purpose, then deliver them in such a way that people laugh at the delivery paying no attention to the fact that it's not really funny and they love you.
norm had something planned out and probably with an ending and then he bit his tongue and was like ya know what I can use this and just winged it. "well I got no ending to that "  hilarious
Plackers handle floss is a gift from God. Js.
Norm looks like movie star🤩 then he starts talking 😂😎 Today he looks and talks like a wonderful beautiful child of God.
"They bite; that's all they know"  What else are teeth for?
Y'know?
Hope you give the money from YouTube off Norm to his family..♥️🙏
Lol Norm lied to his dentist! Norm was so legendary!!!
I lie to my dentist too but he sees right through my lies cause he went to the University of Science.
He was always putting his fingers to his mouth.Not hygienic .But he was good looking
Not Norm's best.
Love Norm.  Very sad 😥. ❤❤❤
Norm is always the BEST!!!🤓💘❤💙🤍❤🤍
Great bomb here. Thanks for posting.
"'Flossin'? Where did I get 'Munson' from?"
Classy dude. Didn't have to cuss! 🙏 for him. Repeat class act.❤️
My uncle died and this is offensive
I HAD A BOWL OF PLAQUE 🤣🤣🤣🤣
"remember back when you had to stalk a gazelle and rip out it's throat with your teeth? Remember that?" 💀
LOL
I'm at a deep loss snd missing Norm.
The purple Listerine shite helps too!
Good grief - there are very few comedy bits that I find hilarious closing on 30 years after the fact. SNL during the mid-70's was kind of lame and Norm was *the* only reason I'd tune in - then they fired him. I thought at the time why would they fire the funniest person on SNL?
"yeah, they were offering a pork sandwich and a bowl of plaque, it was the special... and, I got no ending for that"
This crowd is trash.
Oh well, I've got no ending to that... is one of the best endings to a joke ever.
This is deff one of those times he filled in for someone who cancelled.. god bless em and rip ya beautiful bastard
God, he was SO freaking cute.  Just adorable.  And funny as hell.  Such a loss.
That was brilliant.
"back in the old days" for Norma means anywhere from 1970 to 15 million years ago
that dudes delivery just made everything funny, an absolute legend
he's bombing.
I think the dentist saying “okay fair enough” was supposed to be the ending and was supposed to get some chuckles, but it didn’t, so he made a new ending on the spot based on NOT having an ending and people laughed.
I can't believe when I was a kid I thought Norm was awkward and unfunny. Watching his routines today I realize he was actually awkward and hilarious.
Since his death I've been watching a ton of his videos...and I find myself thinking that he really wasn't all that funny. Anybody else?
Is he just riffing or is his ‘lost’  look part of a carefully practiced routine?
Is anybody with me in believing that Norm bit his tongue prior to the show and decided to just riff about it live? Whether it worked or not was typical Norm. This felt perfect.
Truly a legend.
Thank you, Conan and Team Coco. This is my first time hearing this bit.
"That's all they know..."  Only Norm could make this routine work. He was _that_ good!
This guy literally just stood up there and talked about dental care…and still managed to be funny. How the hell did he do that XD
Sorry - not funny
I call your bluff
"You know, you're walking down the street, minding your own business, you know just.... doodley doo, doodley doo.... ouu!" @0:33
If there is life after death I hope norm can see how many people still enjoy his material and will for years to come.
Take a drink every time he says “you know”
One thing about the Legend Norm MacDonald he was Never a Jerk maybe a Beloved Buffoon but Never Ever a Jerk
"... you needed them back then so you could whatever you know?"
Sorry, but he just wasn't very funny.  He starts out with this routine about biting his tongue and awkwardly waits a couple of beats for something like laughter, but there was no real comic line.  It's more weird than funny.  Awkward, straining and ultimately falling flat.
good ol' bowl of plaque.
The wizard,thanks Norm and his friends!
“I had a bowl of plaque.” Dead.
There will never be a genius of comedy like Norm.
The man's hilarious.
He was so hot too
This had me rolling
I don't understand why no one ever comments on how handsome he was. Is that not pc any longer or??
😂😂😂 So true about flossing - it does suck.
RiP norm
I've got no ending to that
Why was this funny to you boomers? flossing is annoying... ok. why is that funny?
I have never bitten Norm's tongue - and never will now.
As a dentist i know yall are lyin when you say you floss. There is no way 90% of people floss
"Anyway, I've got no ending to that."
this looks like all improve. I love it
He was adorable when he was younger.
Irony is he's got a gorgeous smile with his cute cheeks and blue eyes, but I still laugh at his entire joke
He was such a goof. He will be missed
Take a shot every time Norm says “you know”
There is no way any of this should have worked. What a genius 👏 😂
oh man the memories.. I haven't stalked a gazelle for food since 1994, them things is fast!! so if I brushed them the taste of blood would be gone..?  Thanks Norm, you are and remain  the main dude.
Never found him funny
Haha, he was absolutely crazy from the start. How lucky I am having been alive at the same time as this legend.
Infinitely worse: biting your cheek.  Get ready to bite it over and over again after it swells for the next few days.
Love Norm but this was far from his best R.I.P
A pork sandwich and a big bowl of plaque.  Just like mama used to make.
The funny thing about Norm was that he would go for the traditional relatable comedian stories routine, with jokes that actually weren't relatable at all. I mean, who actually bites their tounge, gets embarrased, and then pretends that they didn't bite their tongue and are actually in pain because their uncle died? He was a character. RIP.
Is Norm making up this routine as he goes or is he just really good at making it look that way?
You knoooow he was just riffing...
It was like he just wandered in to find an audience and just started meandering through his thoughts.
THE LATE GREAT WILD AND WEIRD.... NM 💎😂💎
Here’s to you, norm
"and I got no ending to that." Only Norm Macdonald can tell a joke without a punchline, and it's still hilarious.
This reminds me of all those times at school when I had to do a book report in front of the class...
Thank you, TeamCoco. The legendary Norm Macdonald. The real deal.
i got fifty to a hundred teeth
Good ole Team Coco, cashing in on Norms death. Couldn't have posted these years ago?
ILL BURN A FAT OL BOWL OF PLAQUE FOR NORM
He just about never told a funny joke, and was hilarious the whole time, every time.
Most adults have 28 to 32 teeth depending if they still have their wisdom teeth.
Man norm is brilliant…* I say “is” because he still lives, this vessel… this broken meat puppet we inhabit.., it dies, but we live on. Cancer can break your chariot, your body… but it can NEVER kill “YOU”.
I think sometimes he just tried to bomb just  for the hell of it. And even then he was funnier than most comics. The guy was so brave.
blow of plaque? lol
It’s like he was just making it up as he went along. No preparation.
Look at the man's face! He was so incredibly handsome.🥲 My favorite comedian ♥️ may he rest with a smile
Thanks team COCO for posting these old clips. Norm was just amazing.
God DAMN this is classic
Is this a joke.. or just an observation..
Norm says he has 50-100 teeth and everyone just said "ok, continue"
Norm was funny even when he wasn’t. Great to see him in his younger days. The comic world has lost a great member way too young!He will be missed a lot!
This sucked
This guy probably went to the University of Science. I’m pretty sure he has a dog house too.
0:41 Right on!
One of the best to ever do it, one of a kind. RIP Norm.
Can we talk about how handsome he was?
What comedian could get away with 5 minutes of teeth material?!? A fearless, unassuming comedy God. RIP Normie! ❤️
"Got the bit tongue goin there"  "Kojak had the lolly pop goin there"
Damn now I want a pork sandwich and a bowl of plaque.
It's like he's just making it up as he goes! 😂😂😂 Just a naturally funny person.
Norm died? I didn’t even know he was sick.  RIP you goddamn genius 😩
how can you even be born so perfectly funny? he was THE greatest comic of ALL comics, ever. he was a philosopher too, honestly. god rest the soul of Norm Macdonald. his being made the world a better place.
"God bless you, folks!"  And people claim they didn't know he was a Christian.
I feel like the crowd was too dumb to know that "50-100" teeth was too many 😂
Norm is an ass. I love him.
MORE!
YES! MORE NORM! MORE
Ah, yeah, teeth, remember those things? Classic.
RIP Norm you will be missed.
I also really appreciate what you are doing for Norm unlike SNL saying how great he was but they fired him and I think that’s shameful
Norm, Chappelle and Seinfeld can all just say hello and have you in tears laughing.
It’s all about delivery. On paper this wouldn’t be funny at all
he had nothing and still didn't totally bomb. big balls.
Boy, he was good looking .......
I hope Norm realized how much respect and admiration he garnered from all the best people.
Love Norm Macdonald
In my late teens or early 20s I recall a dentist calling me out for not flossing. I admitted that I had only flossed a couple times in the last year, and usually only because I had something bothering me that was stuck between my teeth. I didn’t change a thing and yet the next time I went there he said “looks like you’ve been flossing well.” To this day I still wonder if I genuinely pulled one over on him or if he was being sarcastic. ;)  That said, 15 years later another dentist said he wanted to trade teeth with me after saying he couldn’t believe that my I had never had braces. My natural alignment is almost impossibly good.  The thing is, I don’t really take care of my teeth. I rarely brush more than once a day and often skip a day or two, especially if I have mouthwash (maybe a couple times a month). I know, I know: I’m disgusting, but I just don’t seem to suffer for it. Some people are just gifted. Maybe it’s my micro biome. No cavities. No fillings since they fell out with my baby teeth. No halitosis or receding gums. Worst I can say is that they aren’t as white as I’d like. If I have to floss and I see blood I might carry a flosser for a couple days and floss regularly until my gums stop bleeding but then I go right back to my usual “several months without flossing” regimen. What can I say? It works for me and I still get compliments on my teeth.  Yes, I skipped brushing this morning too.  I have a twin brother who thinks he has to brush the recommended twice a day and thinks it’s gross that I do not when we are a walking, talking, case study that shows that not everyone needs to. You know who does though? Frank Stallone. That guy. Yeah.
RIP! You were a good guy! I'm sad you're gone!
I just want to agree with everyone that it's awesome you're uploading these videos. It's great to see them in decent quality. Thanks.
He probably looks like this in Heaven right now  🙏💕
Is Norm's jokes always boomer humour? I must already be old if this is what I find funny.   Old people can be funny too. I'm not dissing boomer jokes.
He's like Johnny Carson
A bowl of plaque 😂 RIP Norm ♥️
I have been searching online to find a video where Norm was funny. The Only joke I ever loved from him was " The #1 band in the country is Better than Ezra. The #2 in the country is Ezra." All this time and that was the only joke I ever laughed at and I grew up watching SNL in the 80's. I think him and Hannibal Burress wen to the same comedy school. " If your friends tell you you are funny, you must be."
He always had that grin like he knew an inside joke the rest of us couldn't see. And that twinkle in his eye like he had a secret that would blow your mind away if he ever told it, duty bound never to say. And he'd stand up there like that secret was the simple joy of being with you. "Hey there friend!"
HOPE IN LOVE 🙏🙏🙏 Salvation is found in no one else, no other name under heaven given among men where by we must be saved.  Saved from the punishment of sin.  I’m trying to offer people Hope in absolute perfection !!!  No more pain, dying, lies, decay, depression, anxiety, crying, sickness, rotten food, broken things , etc...  offering the Hope of Eternity in heaven with Jesus Christ.  We must be willing to turn from sin and to believe the Gospel, Mark 1:15 to receive Jesus forgiveness.  He who does the will of God abides for eternity 1 John 2:17 Visual Bible movies on YouTube. Matthew, Acts, Luke, John    💜👑✝️📖nkjv 🧎‍♂️ 🙏🙂🇺🇸
RIP
Norm "fifty, a hundred teeth" Macdonald ❤️
I never really got Norm as a kid.  As a man approaching middle age, however, I'm mesmerized by his ingenuity.  His commitment to the obtuse - and to the long game - is so fascinating, discomforting and sublime.   RIP to a master.
stunning disregard for the rules.
😭
Thank you Team Coco. I thought I had seen literally all Norm content on youtube, and now things are cropping up that I've never seen when they first aired. It's almost like still having him around. RIP Norm..
With all due respect, is this supposed to be funny? Or is this a parody of standup?
Norm is a legend, his comedy was original and unique, most comedians these days lack both. RIP 🙏
You used to wake up in the morning and have to stalk a gazelle, you know rip its throat out with your teeth. Glad those days are over, arent ya folks?
Man he is hell of a handsome guy..... 😍RIP king
Who was the d-bag in the audience?
A classic "bit" by Norm...
THANKS Team Coco! So cool you're sharing your high quality archives to help us stretch time & digest his passing ~ Norm caught us by surprise again! Damn he was good at that 👍
Bite, that's all they know.
I think this is one of his intentinal bombs, its funny though everyone is so jazzed up to be there that theyre just cracking up at random stuff.
This guy can tell the longest and most boring story and make it hilarious at the same time. Canadian Legend!!!
He is so good at telling jokes you feel as if he is your friend and truly enjoys making you laugh.
RIP Norm.
Man talked 5 minutes about flossing i laughed more than i did in last wekk
Steven Crowder was honoring Norm Macdonald back when he was still alive.  Just sayin'...
Much like this joke,  he leaves you thinking, "well that ended abruptly."       Worst gimmick ever!
Thanks for these clips and thank you Conan for the podcast about Norm. I knew you'd make one and say all the right things, and I needed it.
Legend
Biden is a crooked SENILE FAILURE
3:06 stavros halkias is reeling
This is the ONLY time I've seen him where he's not funny.
Ever since I was a kid I used to watch norm Mcdonald on snl or stand up and always thought he was hilarious when others my age didn't, I guess I understood him better than most ,,,,R.I.P
Thanks for the new posts team Coco. Some interviews I've never seen before. didn't think there would be
his ending made me laugh even harder. absolute legend, i love norm
Never seen it before
Loved Norm but this bit was certainly a poor choice to honor him
I’m missing a front tooth & I used to be really self conscious about it, now I’m living in Guatemala & it’s like “oh, you’re only missing *one* tooth, you sir are doing _alright_ “ 😏  But this emoji always makes me feel self conscious again 😬
Norm Macdonald was a great comedy legend and a pleasant face to look at everytime, he put a smile on your face and warmed your heart with his jokes.   Rest in Peace !
His jokes never missed, every time there was an awkward silence and a pause, you just knew the crowd was about to bust out laughing 2 seconds later. It always had a delayed effect.
What a hot piece of ass.  I was hoping to meet him one day, but I guess never meet your heros.  Since they're all dead
Beautiful. Norm Macdonald. The man who put Canada on the map.
Norm, your jokes are meant for a kindergarten, but your delivery is meant for the Hall Of Fame
I would have loved to see his take on being the joker at this time in his career. It would have been interesting, maybe weird but interesting.
He either prepared really hard for that set or not much at all lol either way it’s great
“You got no tooth there what the hell are you talking about?” 😂😂
International treasure. We will all miss you, Norm.
This is excellent! Thanks for posting these!
I've been looking for his plaque joke.
What at treasure this man is/was, that was thing is heartbreaking
He actually has really good teeth
"Hey other smart guys..." HaHa!!!!
RIP Norm Mcdonald, I mean we lost alot of people this year, but this one hit the most, i was hearing my favorite film podcast, film junk longest running movie podcast, and they mentioned norm mcdonald passed away, and i was like that cant be, and he did, and they were canadians, so i think it hit home for them, but, even though they were talking about other things, i couldnt get norm out of my mind, cause he was my favorite comedian on the planet, and i only knew about him from the start of the pandemic. I never knew of him before now, but i watched all of the SNL from the 70s, till now, cause of boredom, and i was fascinated by him, i felt he was the best my first pick of SNL anchors to genuily be funny, and i wish he had done more, but the backstory of why he was fired is outragoeous and i hope that executive who told him is now fired or has a bad life, im sorry, but, hate that executive coorporate P.O.S, and then i went on a rabbit hole of norm watching his film dirty work, and i watched the movies he was in before like in the early 2000s, when they came out, but never knew him, you know, i might have to watch them again, im gonna be a norm mcdonald completist, so i went on a rabbit hole and saw his videos on youtube he was in the dennis miller, another good SNL anchor, and just them laughin and having a good time, put me in a good mood, but even hearing norms stories are just funny, so im glad to have witness him, before it was late, and to have the realization when someone dies, to know how much they meant, is great, and really puts life in perspective, i hope his family is coping okay, its hard that he wont be with us anymore, but just check his stuff, i then saw him on the norm mcdonald show all available in youtube, and then howard stern classic interviews, so check those out, im a big comedy fan, so would like to hear what other comedians say about him, but awesome person, i might put this comment on various videos its not a scam, im a hardcore fan of his at this point, and i want to hear the youtube communities story with norm mcdonald, I know Norm is a big weed smoker, from stories i heard in comedian podcast, there was many who gave him weed, so there should be a weed strain of famous people who smoke weed, like him, robert mitchum, many others, i am one as well, will miss you thanks for makin me laugh, cause man i needed it
Norm Macdonald sucked as a comedian and an actor
Norm and Mitch Hedberg are the two comedians who could tell the lamest joke and I'd still fall out of my chair laughing.
I’m laughing so hard I’m crying
He probably died of COVID. These media liars want us to think only we get this and die but it comes for the rich and powerful! The GREAT JUDGEMENT is at the door!! Knock and it will come NOW!!!☀️⚡️⚡️⚡️🔥🔥🔥
You're going to be missed Norm😪 RIP🙏
Love u NORM
Norm really thought hard about teeth so we don’t have to. Thanks Norm!
Miss you, Norm.
Good God that's about actual teeth 😄
You will be missed.. Rip legend..
damn i think i'm still too sad to watch these
Who are the jerks disliking these Norm videos? I don't like it.
Thanks for putting this up. RIP beloved Norm
flossing after revery meal for Norm
I never saw this one. Thanks a bunch.
man, the giant balls on this guy. 5 min to say absolutely nothing. love him.
I only get this feeling from Norm. I know when he thinks up a joke it's funny complete it can sell, and then he finds a way to make it weird, uncomfortable and hilarious in the way he only can. Still remember the time he came on Conan's show and acted like Rodney Dangerfield. He will be missed
" I had a bowl of plaque on the way over " Hilarious .
Hello every body  I'll be really happy if you see our movie 💜🙏🖤..
I love you Norm, funniest man ever ! Team coco keep em coming !
He looks like eddie vedder here...without the stick up his ass
I could swear he's just making this stuff up as he goes
Had that delivery from the start! Love it! Been watching clips I've already seen 50-100 times these last few days. (I like to round up to even numbers) 😉  Will miss you Norm. RIP 😔
For a dumbed-down, think every brain fart is genius culture, Norm was a god. Overrated beyond measure. RIP
متاسفم ولی خیلی کسشر بود
His jokes are timeless
this stuff is gold
“Ah ok, we’ll… I got no, uh, ending to that… but uh.” 😂 💕
Why is this funny again?
Norm thought half of that up in the green room and the rest on stage and he’s still funny. I was looking forward to growing old with Norm but he left us so many laughs and it will have to do.
will miss you norm
It's a masterclass on delivery and character
I wonder if Norm ever realized how many people loved him, or how very much. As popular as he was, I've often felt that he was kind of underappreciated, that the powers that be tried hard to hamper his career, because he wouldn't bow down to them. But that very stubbornness, that refusal to censor himself and do as he was told, those qualities that made the ladies of the View and the producers of SNL glare at him disapprovingly, made US love him all the more! I hope he knows that now.
He was so handsome 😍
Still can’t believe it…..he became one of my favorites when I saw him in billy Madison
Thanks for the laughs and the stories we can listen to again and again. Norm was a great comedian but an even better human.  🍁
I loved how his stand up wasn't completely polished but more raw, like a friend telling you a funny story.
There was a time we could just laugh at teeth for 5 minutes and it didn't matter who you voted for?
Dear Team Coco:  Thank you for posting a Norm clip I'd never seen before (I thought I'd seen them all).  Please unload the entire Norm Archive on us.  We will watch, like, and subscribe.  TYVM.
https://youtu.be/v6tpl4VkZeY
What a handsome guy he was.
The more I learn about Norm's passing, the more I don't care for it.   If it's true, it's not sentimental. I love you Norm. Rest in peace.
Thank you Team Coco. That brightened my day.
Here come all the tributes... 🙄
Solution to global warming: a pork sandwich
Am I the only one who's confused when society chooses to shine the light on deceased people? Why do they wait until they are dead to show respect, seems like it kinda defeats the purpose.
I know norm is my favorite comedian, but I'm always wowed at how he really is all delivery, his repetition should be negating the variety of the joke, but the way he works it in and says it keeps it fresh, it even makes it funnier. If he used other foods besides the pork sandwich, it wouldn't be nearly as funny, if he said other numbers besides 50 and 100, it just wouldn't work. Take notes, future comedians 😣💉
Yeah coco ur the best. R.I.P NORM
I do this every time I get my teeth cleaned...any my dental hygienists says she can tell. She's so sweet. It's about time we got more gals in the field...
Thanks conan 《3
I really really respect Conan and his team's approach to Norman's passing. RIP man.
Kinda feels like me standing in front of a mirror practicing for a first date
Flossing to get food out that only became stuck in the first place by the extra room between your teeth and gums that was carved out by the flossing string in the first place.  I smell a conspiracy!
norm was one funny man........we will miss him
One of a kind
"You gotta take care of your teeth.  I brush them. You ever do that"
“If only the cowardice was stronger, then perhaps, then perhaps I can bring myself to reach over to that cocked and loaded gun that lays on the bedside behind me, and end this hellish façade once and for all.” – Norm Macdonald
Thank you Norm!  You were an extraordinary human being.
Good stuff
I don’t know about you guys but I didn’t find this funny at all not one bit
RIP Norm!
I love you so much for this thank you Conan
Always thought he was quite attractive. Wins the best smile award.
2:03 "You needed 'em back then to like whatever, you know."  Norm always knew how to paint a picture.
-->https://youtube.com/playlist?list=PLzAUj5DNHXSkV2jxoRVVlyohxphQK-S9R
Canada
Funny    /   missed
Norm is a handsome guy. His only apparent physical flaw are his weird, short teeth. That’s why it’s cool he did an entire sketch drawing attention to them
😢
As a music fan, when I see young Norm my mind goes straight to Jello Biafra  Weird look alikes  Anywho RIP Normy
Norm's right, I literally only have 6 teeth and I'm making due. Dont know why Id need 50 or 100, let alone 200...what am I...a shark?
Only Norm could make these jokes funny
Cancer sucks.
Why do I feel like he decided as he was walking onto the stage, "hmmm, let's see if I can pull 5 minutes of jokes about teeth out of my ass"
"I just lie to the guy"
I never met him. Never saw him perform live but I kinda feel like I knew him. I was crying yesterday. Reincarnate in peace.
Thanks team coco for this, keep em coming
I've never cried about a celebrities death, until now. Is it possible that norm was the only stoic comedian?
Truth: Statistically only a small percentage of people floss regularly, and of those people only about half actually do it correctly.  RIP, Norm.
Thank you Team Coco!
,thanks Norm for all the hard hard belly laughs.
Norm Macdonald -Breast Endpiece, D.I.E. Eye Owe
What I will always remember of him (As a performer) is that he always seemed both happy and confident when he was doing his act. Even with his weird sense of humor he didn't seem to care if others found his jokes funny as long as he himself did. I cant think of one time he wasn't smiling or slightly laughing himself. That's confidence. Good job Norm. We will miss you. RIP.
RIP Norm
"Okay, well, I've got no ending to that."
deep meditation Binaural beats for sleep/meditation 🧘‍♀️🧘‍♂️ https://youtu.be/B6ZVH8fKlX4
Norm really liked pork sandwiches.
the commitment to insanity in unreal.
i always thought this was team coco pebbles
I've seen Jesus Christ. Believe, he is, all these things are happening before him and the end draws nye. Soon the dead will be called to life. But not until the messiah returns. Behold he comes quickly. Repent of your unbelief and call upon him that you may be saved. Jesus Christ is LORD. All Hail
An incredibly funny and handsome man. He was a true talent. I will miss him greatly.
He looks like a young Frank Sinatra here.
Thank You - This was the 1st time I ever saw Norm. I'll Always Remember thinking of eating a bowl of plaque & Thought it was Fantastic.  Cool to See it again Here Today. Norm Will B Missed like No Other! A Sad Day That Needs Laughter - So Thanks Again!!
Man Norm was the genious of comedy. He is missed.
Only Norm would come out and just riff for 5 and a half minutes on teeth LMAO
What a stallion
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love; so 2000 years ago, he left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, and your Savior. ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do this, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife .  You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make .  Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 );  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’.
We’ll always love you Norm
Norm made babbling into an art form.
This shows Norm was well aware of his Uncle. And was well aware of his own mortality. So Enjoy being Mortal. ...and keep your 💩 to yourselves
I asked my dentist what i could do about my yellow teeth, he said "wear a brown tie"
🌎🔜🔥B.C. and A.D. are timemarks everyone uses. Jesus Christ is the one and only Lord and Savior who Rose again. There is no peace without repentance and resurrection. ⏳⚰️🪦✝️
“After Job had prayed for his three friends, the LORD made Job twice as rich as he had been before.” Job 42:10 CEV
I just lie to the guy LOL
I watch him mostly because I am fascinated why someone is laughing.
This is a proper tribute, every other late show just did a one minute tribute. You can tell conan was  close to norm
I’d forgotten how handsome he was back then.
This is the only time I've ever watched a comic mostly bomb and yet I still laughed the whole time. Norm is truly the best ever.
https://youtu.be/eZtZKkT50e0
He was so gorgeous back then
norm saying he's got no ending ends with you know what..a roar from the audience!
RIP Turd Ferguson.
He was so absolutely captured in The Mike Tyson Mysteries. Pigeon 🐦 RIEP, Norm
The clean waitress distinctively bore because dredger tinctorially warn apud a obsolete believe. agonizing, cute flavor
It’s like sometimes I feel like this guy CANNOT bomb!!love him so much..RIP legend!!
Keep uploading these please!!
You should have done more with him! Such a shame you listened to cancel culture 😔
the most unfunny comedian ever
I wanna be friends with everyone in this comment section, everyone is so pure and kind. There’s not a lot of people out there anymore like all of you. Thank you all for being you! :)
We all lost a friend but Conan and Andy lost a brother.
I loved this man. You could spend hours on YouTube watching his comedy, sometimes hearing two or three whole jokes.
Thank you Team Coco for preserving Norm Macdonald's best moments with Conan. Those two together always created magic.
I feel like my next dentist appointment is going to be pretty funny
1 Corinthians 15:3-4 For I delivered unto you first of all that which I also received, how that Christ died for our sins according to the scriptures; And that he was buried, and that he rose again the third day according to the scriptures:  1 John 5:13  These things have I written unto you that BELIEVE on the name of the Son of God; that ye may KNOW that ye have ETERNAL LIFE, and that ye may believe on the name of the Son of God.
comedy warrior
Thank you. LNE.news for kids was very sad to hear of Norm MacDonald's passing. https://youtu.be/USP5lAxTz0Y
Is he pissed.....🤔
Thank You Team COCO for these great memories!
#3 on trending. Norm and CoCo have taken over Youtube. They have many of the top spots on trending today.  A legend was lost yesterday.
People are calling this guy a legend?? He was terrible. Not funny at all. Oh but it’s on the delivery right??? Yea ok
Thank you for uploading so many videos of Norm on your YouTube.   He was a God loving comedian. A rarity. A gem. Might his soul be adjoined with the God he so clearly got his strength from. 🙏🏽❤️
"I do the next best thing - I tell my dentist that I floss.    I just lie to the guy - what the hell do I care, he's just a dentist".     RIP, Norm.     Miss you already!
I do the next best thing, I lie to the guy. Fantastic
Sucks he didn't have him on as a last guest. Rest easy buddy
https://youtu.be/yBTRJ2SHTl8
He really still has the Ottawa accent here.
Just lie to the dentist. They have no clue. LOL
https://youtu.be/JO9ZvFhks98
Nobody will ever be as good as Norm, EVER
Still can’t believe he’s gone. RIP Norm MacDonald ❤️🙏🏾
he is the best story teller of terrible jokes
3:36 _“I brush ‘em, you ever do that?”_  Just a perfect delivery on that line. Hilarious.
*Rest In Peace.*  *O.J. is still guilty.*
You know, young or McDonald's kind of looks like young Eddie vedder
RIP Legend! Your words will always be bringing smiles to people in dismay. Love uh "teeths"!
I couldn't watch past a minute and two seconds. This guy was funny? 🤣
Classic Norm.
“Naaah! My uncle died!”
Having half a pork sandwich and a bowl of plaque in your honor today, Norm. ❤️
"We needed him back in the old days for...whatever, you know?" -Norm's Epitaph
This is absolutely hilarious, and I feel like the audience is barely making a sound
"ya wanna feed that Donkey🐴 some beer, get it all messed up?" -"maybe later." "😁I'm gonna go put some beer in a bucket.👍"
Conan is one of the few hosts who was able to vibe perfectly with Norm's humor. Its always gold whenever him, Andy and Conan get together,. Like old buddies sharing banter.
Tribute to one of the greatest comedians of our generation. In his own words, his battle with cancer was a draw.   “I’m not a doctor, but I’m pretty sure that if you die, then the cancer also dies at the same time. “That to me is not a loss. That’s a draw.”  RIP Norm...
Sucks when a legend dies like this. Problem is fans are not prepared. With family and friends you come to terms but can’t believe he was so sick. Apparently his last appearance was a YouTube video way back April 20, 2020. That’s almost 18 months ago. Out of sight out of mind I guess. Didn’t hear anyone question, where is Norm? Probably close friends in the comedy industry keeping his secret, but it sucks for the rest of us because it’s so sudden. It’s important because you wish you had time to say these things when someone is still alive. Rest In Peace, Norm.
It’s like someone challenged him, last-minute before going on camera, to just ramble about any topic and he said “teeth? How’s that” and then just crushed it
I never cried before in my life for a person who i dont know. Love you norm i was Binge watching your videos when i found out. Hurts alot.
I just love Norms voice RIP legend
The punchline is, “I didn’t even know he was sick.” Norm spent 10 years on that joke ... and it killed.
RIP Norm. I'm sure you're serving a 'youthful porpoise' in heaven.
Never seen anybody who can deliver the way he delivers
Delivery delivery delivery
You guys hear Kobe died too?
Keep these uploads coming! norm and conan fans rejoice to see these finally without being a super grainy bad audio capture of 90s and 2000s TV
Only a king can bomb so well
too much talent to live.
Hello waiter I'll get the pork sandwich
Anyo else does this, I ain't laughing!
The Flossing industry is behind it. (With their huge factory landscapes and an evil overlord, as well as super-rich economists in New York and lobbyists in Washington, and their own secret agents and immoral science labs. You know.)
Keep em coming!!!!
Thank you for posting these team coco!!!
Legend!!!
Norm, continue making the angels and God laugh in Heaven.
Norm is one of my all time favorites!
The world according to Norm: The next best thing to flossing is lying to your dentist.
"I don't floss, I do the next best thing. Lie to my dentist about it."
Norm had some great moments but this was unfortunately not one of them.
Never seen this one! Thanks for the upload and high quality capture! 😌  RIP Norm
Rip norm  u were the best.
Still can't believe it
The oldest chunks of coal always burn the brightest.
Rip norm you were the best
Dentists hate this man
Norm created a whole new genre in stand up and comedy. It’s the «I don’t tell jokes for you, I tell em for me” genre, a tough act that needs tons of confidence and talent to pull it off.  The dummed down old man rambling is Rodney Dangerfields and Mel Brook’s style though, but Norm was the only one that could pull that off as good as Rodney and Mel did.
This guy was very corny and not funny.
He would've been 36 here, never knew he got into comedy so late really.
His sense of humor kills me
Well I see by the clock on the wall. That it's time to bid you one and all. Goodbye (Goodbye) So long (So long) Farewell (Farewell) Adieu (Adieu) Be good (Stay Well) Bye Bye (Keep Warm) Relax (And Eat) Take Care (Stay Loose) Adieu mon vieux. A la prochaine. Goodbye 'til when we meet again!
Is this funny tho?
Damn, in few days we've lost Sean Lock and Norm Macdonald  Very sad times  R. I. P.
Overrated.
For Gods sakes !!! , I hope Conan is not involved in the murder conspiracy of Norm MacDonald..??? Conan always called him crazy Norm , but was he secretly Jealous of his success as one the most funniest men on earth !!!??? He had to be taken out !!!!???
This is probably the worst stand up I’ve seen him do and it’s still better than most.
I've been crying over his dead like he would've wanted
When he says "My uncle died." Thats exactly how I feel, RIP to one of my favorite comedians ever.
It doesn't feel real that he's gone. I'm glad we get to remember him through all this great material.
“Germans love David Hasslehoff”. He made that line funny, then annoying, then funny again. Then David Hasslehoff came on weekend update, longest setup in comedy history, it was hilarious. Norm MacDonald will be missed.  The dental assistant I saw for years would say “you can tell me anything about your flossing, your teeth will tell me the truth”.
RIP Norm MacDonald
Want to make sure I'm accurate. So, the new NORM is that if someone passes from AIDS,  we sell that they died from cancer? Ha.
Glad to see Conan pulling these old clips to keep his talent living. Was so sad to hear about Norm's passing, his comedy was so unique to him and could listen to Norm talk about random stuff for hours and laugh every minute. RIP Norm McDonald, another legend gone too soon
Can't help it but to watch it with tears in my eyes. Thank you, Norm. R.I.P
RIP
He looks very handsome here, almost as if he didn't own a doghouse.
..I just lie to the guy.."
If Conan would release "The Norm Collection" it would sell millions.  Letterman could too.
Cancer is a real jerk you know.
Didn't Conan cancel Norm's last scheduled appearance? Way to cash in...
I think that Norm just had a very vague idea on what he was going to talk about, and just went from there 😅 teeth.. throw in a pork sandwich .... Norm Mcdonald was born..  God I will miss him immensely! Rest in peace you old chunk of coal.
After watching this you can see what vibe Rogan was going for.. just the ramblings/amazing convo from/with vets.. rip Norm/Death himself 😎😈
Even young, his rambling delivery gave off a funny old grandpa vibe that made him seem older than he was. This man was born to be an old silver-haired raconteur, spinning stories on a porch somewhere...he would have been such a cool old man.
Pork sandwich and a bowl of plaque? That’s a good special.
There is no better tribute than simply watching Norm be Norm. His chemistry with Conan especially was remarkable. Well played, team coco.
I'd be in favor for team coco to just upload Norm clips for the rest of the week in celebration to this great mans legacy. While it is very sad to witness him leave us, he gave us hours and hours of laughter and happiness and everybody loved him, except Chris Kattan of course, who I heard, doesn't even own a doghouse.
I'm laughing and crying at the same time, and they're both tears of joy and sorrow.
What
'Beastiality -  its so unfair on the animal,  I mean ,  say if youre a pig and  you've just f'd a beautiful woman and then youve got to go back to f'n a pig  .............
I swear, This Guy was gold. Sometimes the material was just absolutely like huh? But other times you're laughing so hard it hurts. He clicked with all walks of life in comedy.
🙏🙏
Still doesn’t feel real
Ok but like... kinda not that funny?
Bombing as a genre of humour. Hilarious
His delivery is perfect, I'm so bummed he's gone..Ty Coco for revisiting his brilliance for us <3
Note to self- watch more Norm!
Bombing Norm is the best Norm
I was wondering why this was in my recommended. Sorry to hear about Norm.
RIP
Norm intentionally bombing. RIP
I didn’t even know he was sick.
You know
Norm existed outside of the matrix. This is a huge loss for comedy and originality in general. Prayers to his family and all those who knew and loved him 🙏🏼💔 I sure feel like I did. Love you Norm, thanks for everything
Damn, thought I had seen all his appearances, thanks!
My favorite Mitch Hedgberg joke is “I know how hard it is to quit smoking. . . It is exactly as hard as trying to start flossing”
Man. 😭💔
The real tragedy is that the masses are appreciating him after he can't be around to see it
he was never funny
Well, at least he doesn't need to floss anymore...
RIP you absolute legend
"Remember back then, when you had to wake up AGH! GAHHH!"  Thanks for the memories and laughter; we'll miss you, Norm Macdonald. 💖💖
🥰
Rip sir. Love frm india
Sleep tight, Normie.
Wait for my favourite norm gem…the classic German Swedish bit 😂 RIP Norm
Stormin Norman will be missed
92 thumbs down are dentist
Around the middle I start to get this eerie feeling...
Gosh, he literally just talked about teeth for 5 minutes straight and it made me laugh so hard my stomach hurt. RIP Norm
rip norm
A world without Norm isn’t a world I want any part of.  I’m crying and laughing at the same time as I watch this - missing you already, Norman ❤️😣
Thanks for everything Norm, God bless you!
RIP, grandmaster.
I hope Team Coco releases the full interviews of Norm along with all the segments of other guests when Norm stuck around and made everyone laugh with his funny interjections. Every minute of Norm Macdonald on Conan's show was gold.
True Comedy.
Gonna miss this great.  Just loss of words.
He looks like “The Wiz,” from Seinfeld. RIP Norm. The goat.
He owned the awkward so well. I love his comedy so much, now he's with Rickles and all the other greats. RIP Norm, at least you got the draw.
Always thought he was Eddie Vedder's older brother. RIP Norm.
I know he just died, but this routine wasn’t particularly funny.
Literally wasn’t even telling a joke just went out and spit balled. RIP possibly the funniest man to ever live.
The guy who never pandered.
Not his strongest bit...
This is not funny at all.
Yup, lie to 'em. Growing up 40 years ago, I had a jerk of an orthodontist who'd savagely berate me for not properly wearing my chin guard while asleep (I was taking it off at some point early in my sleep w/out realizing it, and had disclosed this to him). Finally I'd had enough and just started lying to him, telling him I was wearing it every night, through the night. From then on he was all positive and supportive of me about it- so- yeah- it was better to just lie about it.
How is it the man we need most is gone.
RIP man. I don't get his comedy or ever found him funny. Am I alone?
How special he is/was...Well I don't know, something about the guy...
Jesus Norm, you just had to bomb in the funniest way possible, eh?
3:00 Stavros in shambles
now I can't see any more norm clips with out tearing up
Not flossing: it won't be the thing that kills you!  Thank you for being Norm
My favorite Norm times where always when he was with Conan
God bless Norm McDonald! May he rest in peace. He made me laugh everytime I saw him. He will be missed
@Team Coco I thought I have seen everything or at least most of everything Norm had on YouTube but I can't say I remember this one, thanks for sharing it.  If you could, please give this week of posting videos to this man.  The hearing of his death cut deep for me as it did for so many and it would be so fitting for Norm to have a week of celebrations for his talent not just as a comedian but for his remarkable talent as a talk show guest.  Norm was truly one of a kind.
I'm going to miss norm,  such a funny and original comedian.
Unpopular opinion but his standup was terrible
Yesterday I immediately came to this channel just cuz I know
I hear Norm will no longer be appearing on Conan.  What's next for Norm?  DEATH.
I know that Norm smoked like a train since he was about ten, but I was so shocked to learn of his death. It's so sad. 61 is too young. His poor family...😢😢
This was terrible. But he did it.  RIP Norm.
Comedy legend
dam bro he did the whole set about his mouth and his teeth thats like some juicy j level writing
😥
Keep these videos coming! He’d want us to laugh 😂
It's been a long time since I've found any Norm material I haven't seen already. The bit on eating a bowl of plaque before seeing the dentist had me laughing hard. I'm thankful for norm's contribution to the world!
No one else was like Norm. This set reminds me of his set at Bob Saget's roast. He just did his own thing, the laughs were a bonus.
May Team CoCo and Norm Macdonald live forever through us and our 💕. You will be missed Norm..
I was literally one month old when this aired haha
Love you Norm
RIP Norm! Hilarious 😂
RIP Norm. Such a legend, will always be one of my all time fave comedians.
Holy lord I've never seen this one before. Thank you for acquainting this ol chunk of coal with a fresh Norm clip to re-watch over and over again
R.I.P legend!!!
Gotta get those likes
Never in my life have I spent more than thirty seconds thinking about the death of someone I never met, but I’ve been thinking about nothing but Norm since the news came out. I loved him so much and I was so blindsided by it. He was just such a momental tribute to everything that can be good and decent and fun about being alive on earth.
is it just me or does he look like benedict cumberbatch
RIP Norm macdonald 🇨🇦
NORM!
I stopped watching weekend update on Snl to this date  RIP Norm
R.I.P.
I suppose this guys a damn ghost
He will be missed. A real talent
There was literally nothing funny said that entire time...yet somehow, I just laughed myself an eight-pack over the past six minutes.
A True influencer in my life
This is the best standup bit by him I’ve never seen since I binged them all during quarantine… so many “comedians” could’ve gone instead of him.
Clean you're stastrol. Rip
This feels like the most unprepared, last minute, get up and go stand up act… and I love it! RIP you, legend!
R.I.P. Norm Macdonald.😢
#747NormMacdonaldAppreciationDay
I miss his comedy!!
At least he didnt die of gum disease
RIP 🪦
Young Norm looked like Paul Rudd. RIP kind sir.
This is so good. The audience seems a little stunned at the sheer brilliance of his humor. They are all looking at each other, thinking, "I have 50, 100, perhaps 1,000 teeth, all surrounding my unsuspecting tongue." It's amazing we still have tongues with the array of sharpness, the forest of horror our tongues dwell in.  I love Norm. How dare he abandon me. The only person that can cheer me up today is Norm.
This is almost as bad as that tragedy 9/11.  I looked for my brother in the streets of NY, walking through blood and bone. He was in Northern Canada.  *RIP NORM*
The irreverence is palpable. The man was Kaufmanesque and patently a punchline machine simultaneously.
Only The Great Norm could pull off talking/joking about teeth for five minutes. I always thought his delivery on everything was epic. Rest In Peace. May God be with him.
🤣🤣🤣what is he even talking about 😆
I'm pretty sure it wasn't cancer that got Norm.  I think it might have been......              you guessed it, Frank Stallone.
Keep them coming!!! Love you norm
This dude is kinda funny.  I think I'll go see him perform live some day, provided he doesn't undergo an abruptly sudden and all too unexpected, horrid, untimely death.
RIP to the LEGEND Norm Macdonald 🙏✝
Goodbye Norm. Thank you for lightening our load all these years with your comedic genius. Rest easy.
Ah, well. He's with Barky the dog now.
Please upload the Professor of Logic joke!
I miss his original take on timing of humor and delivery.
Here is a full video in hd https://youtu.be/P-ZrOzEqLTI
The man knew this nitch of the humor section. Damn, what a loss but so glad he walked with us and shinned as he did for the world.
Buy Shiba Inu (SHIB)
He looks great for 36, also his teeth routine kills
Feed me more Norm , Conan
Never heard this one from Norm.  Got sweaty eyeballs and I'm not sure if it's because of his passing or how funny a big bowl of plaque is.
Conan knows how to truly memorialize Norm. He wouldn’t want some long sappy speech. Just show people what made Norm special.
He was a good looking guy. ✨🙌✨
"I brush em? You ever do that?" LUL
😪
I can’t express how fundamentally my reaction to Norm has changed. Norm makes me laugh in a way that makes me feel better about life. Now I just think about that beautiful mind and face being gone and what he must’ve went through. The death of this man that I never met has broken my heart. It’s crazy. Love ya, Normy.
Anyone else feel like this is a very respectful way to honor Norm?  Instead of Conan just releasing a message like, "He will be missed," they're simply releasing videos that Norm would've loved for people to see. It feels just as subdued as most of Norm's comedy, and all the more authentic for it
keep these coming and stick em directly into my veins
I'm Dutch and love American comedy. And I learned about Norm Macdonald about 10 years ago. He really reshapes comedy and stays true to himself. An American comedy treasure who I hope inspires a lot of people not caring too much and be themselves. Norm could completely take over shows. Only a true king of comedy can do that.  Sadly it's too late for him to make another O.J. joke.
RIP
That smart guy missing a tooth bit had me dying.
This one hit hard n made me feel old. RIP Norm. Legend who never got his proper due from enough but comics always call him one of the greats n thats what matters
The end is….wow
RIP: Safe Journeys Legend
RIP you ol' chunk of coal.
rip norm 😪
Could be a pork sandwich...
THIS ONE REALLY HURT!!!!
"I got no ending to that" 😂😂😂
Covid vaccine...
Very sad   R.I.P. man
RIP
Norm was so handsome back then. Sort of a cross between a young Paul Newman and a young Sinatra.
Rip norm
Oh, my WORD, I'd forgotten how gorgeous he was in his younger years. Always handsome and charming, but oof! Those dimples!
Poor Norm  Battle cancer for ten years
A Louis CK bit was born…
He once said when someone dies from cancer people say "they lost the battle" makes em sound like a loser. I like to think it was a draw. RIP Norm
So sad, another great comedian taken from us too soon. RIP
He was awesome, and the one thing I remember most about him is ....O J SIMPSON MURDERED TWO PEOPLE! Norm McDonald was one of the absolute best, and I'm sure if there is a heaven he is looking down and saying "Seriously, O J Simpson stabbed two people to death".
God bless you Norm. thank you for the laughs
RIP Norm..A comic genius….God bless his family….
I've trained my teeth to do flips. No cap.
Listen have you heard this... I am the way, truth & life no one comes to the father (God) except through me.John 14:6 Please believe that Jesus died for your sin & rose again. Then confess your sins to God today! Dont be left behind. Love Y'all
Usually when a celeb dies Conan will post one interview and that's it but for Norm no we are getting a hole series of videos. RIP Norm we will miss you dearly. Thanks for all the laughs
So not funny.
I’m glad I grew up listening to and watching this comedy legend. 100% original and he could never be recreated. R.I.P. Norm
Norm is gone, but at least Amy Schumer is still with us!
the funniest, most misunderstood comedian, his cynical, ironic flair for jokes , epic.  i ll miss him Rip my dear Norm ill be sure to get a van and fill it with cheese sandwiches
The absolute greatest. God Bless Norm.
The balls of that guy. Nobody loved awkward silence the way Norm did. Most comedians die in those situations, he just fed off it.
❤❤❤❤❤😥😥😥😢😢😢
I love how he actively tries to confuse the audience about the punchline. We're all in mourning. Rip norm
This was the least funniest thing Norm has ever done, please take this time in his passing to remove this Garbage from the archives. RIP Norm.
Awesome! So many great Conan appearances to upload; first to come to mind: - Professor of logic - "congratulations" gift basket - real battle axe/"doc she's chokin"
thankyou team Coco from Canada
Rest in peace legend🥺❤️
*Investing in crypto now should be in every wise individuals list, in some months time you'll be ecstatic with the decision you made today.*
I’m convinced this is all improv’d and he never performed this bit before.
Dude had  a whole set based on his mouth lmfao an "Oral set " if you will
I'm bummed out Conan stopped inviting Norm 5 years ago
I'm going to miss Norm and his comedy!! So talented!
So he’s been rambling like a 60 year old man with dementia since he was in his 30s. Lol No one will ever be able to recreate this style of comedy. Brilliant stuff. It’s amazing that he wasn’t booed off stage every time. Lol
Haha 😄 I just laugh when hearing Norm's voice 🙏
Rip you legend
RIP Norm AKA Turd Ferguson
biting ur cheek sucks as well
According to the thumbs down, I have 42 people to fight
More norm Conan
RIP Norm. What a wonderful man. We'll miss you indefinitely.
That was painful.  Glad he's gone.
Post the Full Interview where he plugs his book.
be true to your teeth, or they will be false to you
Laughing for almost six minutes, and crying as soon as the video was over. I’ll miss his jokes.
it's really sad when ur usual Norm videos binge session comes with a different reason; to remember him by. No one but the greatest could have a draw with cancer.
Shart
Very disrespectful move by the all dentists to come down vote the video. The man just passed, have some class.
So sad he's gone, i'm as sad knowing no other comedian will make me laugh as hard :(
We'll miss you Norm.
Hes still not funny. I dont wanna be insensitive but holy crap he was never funny
Love ya norm.
RIP Norm. Thanks for all the gut busters and brain food. You are forever the greatest.
RIP to a hilarious man
I don't want to believe it! This one really hurts!
Even when he bombed, he did it with charm. Adios, Norm.
"OK, well, I got no ending to that." LOL!!
"I got too many teeth" -some weird uncle.
One of my only regrets in life will be not seeing Norm perform stand up live. RIP Norm.
i would have been happy to teach him to floss. RIP Norm
My grandpa's a dentist and he *LOVES* Norm, I truly cannot wait to show him this and watch him laugh his ass off 😂😂😂 RIP to the greatest to ever do it
I feel like the audience never really got the 50-100 teeth joke lmao
rip
Would like to hear Conan say something about Norm, but won't be surprised if his tribute consists entirely of old clips that really just simply speak for themselves and are an absolute treat for all his fans
I hope the Swedish German Andy Richter is good. Love Norm!
Another one of our heroes lost.
Hehehe - thanks for the fun set, Norm.
I'll admit it, I wasn't a fan of Norm's humor. But it's really great to hear such great tributes to him from the best in the business. RIP Norm!
rip Norm Macdonald
First comedian I ever saw live. He was so great. No one like him.
♥️
THANK YOU CONAN! RIP NORM!
Saddest day since Farley and Hartman. God bless Norm. 😢
He was a real jerk! Nah...he was a good guy...or so the Germans would have you believe. He’s no...you guessed it...FRANK STALLONE.
Goodbye, Norm.  We love you and thank you.
Working on some new material on network tv; funny and bold.
Random. But I always thought younger Norm looked like Michael Keaton
god im gonna miss norm i still cant believe hes gone
Norm Macdonald, the man with 50 to 100 teeth.
I miss him already.  The world is now a much less funny place...
RIP.
Can't believe you are gone. And all these talk show hosts talking about your 'battle'. Man your jokes are what keeps things flowing over here. Thank you for the comedy Norm.
You know when Jonathon Winters passed , I spent 8 hours watching YouTube clips feeling sad but laughing endlessly........just did the same with the news about Norm.
I'm really gonna miss him, I hope he's not with the grey man🤣
😥
He lost his battle with cancer…that’s no way to end your life. What a loser that guy was, the last thing he did was lose! RIP
This guy just did an entire bit on the contents of his mouth
I don't know why everyone's so upset, this guy seems like a real jerk!
He talked about teeth for six minutes…and had it been his special it would have been twenty…I love this man, and I miss him already…
rip, norm.
Rest in power King.
🐐
Rip
Thank you team coco. Good tribute for the best of the best ❤️
I miss my wife.
RIP Norm. You made me laugh when I was going through some difficult times. Thank you. 🙏🏻
it's like an Andy Kaufman bit
😪 thank you Norm 💚
Norm here’s to you a real human.
We're gonna miss ya Norm.
"Hey you got no tooth there, what the hell are you talking about!" Choked on a grape thanks to that one, I'll miss you you old chunk of coal!
R.I.P.
Thanks for posting these. Rest In Peace Norm.
God he was handsome in his youth.
Not funny at all
One of the best standups ever.  RIP
😞 why do all the good ones pass away.... R.i.p, a true legend
like he just made this up on the spot. just keeps you guessing. because it's none of our business. we're the punchline. shaggy dog comedy artist like no other.
Imma toothpick man myself miss u bud
I just wanna rip out some teeth... but I take good care of them- N.M 😂
Yes yes coco nom nom nom, keep them coming. RIP NORm❤️❤️❤️
I don't get it.
Oh hey Norm! been a while since I last saw you on Conan's show! Wait what? You're dead? Cancer? Of the Blood!? LEUKEMIA!? The people at Conan are now farming the news of your death for content? Hey people at Conan! Quit stealing Norm's Move!
I love that when they pan out he's wearing what looks like hiking shoes. Rip norm.
This old chunk of coal is a diamond now. Rest in peace Norm.
Norm is irreplaceable, hurts to hear he's gone now.
RIP
Such a legend. Please dig through every appearance, interview, or podcast with Norm. Every bit of it is gold. Such a genius comedian that’s death is still surreal and unbelievable. Rest in Peace Norm, I hope you know the impact you’ve had on the world and the legacy you’ll leave
No one could make you laugh with an old man's incoherent rambling like Norm did.
Thanks for posting these
Pancit kanton
Just keep them coming.
So young. Cant believe you are gone Norm. We love you
Salute to the Chairman of the Bored
Man was he on fire on stage with the jokes humour and that kickass voice.
RIP Norm.
Not his best performance
Norm was not welcomed on Conan, after cancel culture got him, and Conan is now late. Sad.
RIP! :(
Rest well Mr. MacDonald. Cancer sucks!!
R.I.P
R.I.P.
Bless Team Coco for all the videos, and Norm Macdonald for all the jokes and stories.
Never seen anybody relentlessly believe in himself and his jokes as much as Norm did. He was an inspiration and a once-in-a-lifetime talent. He will be missed dearly. Thanks for these clips, and for giving him a platform over the years.
RIP Norm.  Jay Leno said he was every comedians favourite comedian.  He said Norm could take a normal everyday non-funny word and make it hilarious.  You will be missed Norm.
RIP King
5:27 XD
On a lighter note... OJ still did it. 🤣
LMAO
So sad that he is gone. He was the best!!! We are so lucky that we have the internet so we can watch him forever. RIP Normie.
callback to the pork sandwich is brilliant ive never agreed more with anyone about anything.  Norm forever.
his cadence is so David Letterman inspired
Rip Norm. I stole the moth joke.
I do the next best thing, I lie. Lol
ICE Nerves riding that bomb of that first joke out
61 is too dam young.
A clip I've never seen before.  Unbelievable
even "I'm not Norm" doesn't have this one. and i have never seen this bit (pun intended). Whoever uploaded this, you're a scholar and a gentleman. Thank you.
He's cute. No homo.
this might of been the worst stand up i have ever seen and it's hilarious
If you floss and it is bloody, keep doing it for a week, maybe a month, and the blood will stop. Blood is there because you weren't flossing enough and the gums were dying. Healthy gums don't bleed from floss.
RIP NORMIE!:(( ..you were the best.
Good thing he found a light to go to… he was a moth after all
Paul Newman said "You'll Never Get Over It"  boy was he right... RIP Norm. :(
Team Coco coming in hot with the Norm clips 🙏
Cancer was the real jerk all along...
RIP king
"14th September 2021 was the worst day ever"  - some Hiroshima and Nagasaki survivor.
Hands down one of the best comedians of all time. One of my favorites anyway.
“I brush ‘em, you ever do that?”
It used to be Post-Sasso, but after 14th September 2021, now we are in Post-Norm. And it frickin sucks!!!
Can't believe he used to be young, that's crazy
I wonder if someone will copy-paste the same "That’s not a loss. That’s a draw." comment here as well.
Norm macdonald bought the farm, he I he I owed. And on that farm he had a vole he I he I owed. With an upchuck here and an upchuck there, he I he I owed.😀☠️👠
I find myself binging every Norm video that  YouTube has to offer today. Oh crap, Ive been doing that for about a year and half now.... R.I.P. ya old chunk of coal.
My favorite Norm quote:  "Death is a funny thing. Not funny haha, like a Woody Allen movie, but funny strange, like a Woody Allen marriage"  You're terribly missed 💔
losing norm is a national tragedy
Now Conan is Proud of Norm all of the sudden. Treated Norm like crap and ostracized him for ZERO reason. Now milking his death.
What a handsome fella
I’m really sorry. I know it’s really bad to speak ill of the dead, but I have to ask: While the jokes and delivery were awesome, did anyone else think he kinda had an annoying voice?
Thanks for posting all this stuff Conan!
That’s a handsome, handsome smart man. I will miss him.
Bring it on, show all the Norm clips. I have to fill the Norm-shaped-hole in my heart. 😢
We love ya Norm ol bud
Can't believe that he is gone😭 RIP legend
What are the downvotes for? The guy was an international treasure. I'll never understand people.
Norm perfected the awkward long form story joke that you never see coming
Team Coco Thank you for these vids of Norm. Keep them up! RIP
RIP funnyman
Rest in peace legend! Gone but not forgotten, will miss ya big man. Thank you for all the laughs.
Bowl-O-Plaque coming to a Supermarket near you! 😄💕👍
2:21 Norm's first attempt at his Hitler impression
A true comedian. All about making you laugh.
Coco putting all this amazing Norm Content, thank you:(
I'm glad Team Coco is digging into the archives to find all of these high-resolution Norm videos. You know a comedian has mastered their craft when they can get hysterical laughter out of the simplest of jokes. RIP to the best in the business.
2:03 "You needed em back then to whatever you know?" 🤣💕👍
Rest In Peace for Norm Macdonald.🙏
Great performance, but he should have explained to the folks at home what a gazelle is.
This one surprised me , sucks.
"Well I got no ending to that." One of the funniest guys ever.
When you Live watching and rewatching, People and growing with their humor and then they are gone and you'll never gonna see something from them no more , it's such a WEIRD FEELING... #ForeverNorm 😔
RIP Norm, ya broke my heart boy, leaving me and the world behind without a Norm. The world needs a Norm, and not just any old normie Norm.
He was a legend. RIP Norm
Authentic. Thats the way I'd describe him. And brave. 90+% of comedians out there are neither of those things.
Thanks Team Coco for uploading these. Norm always connected with the common man.
R.I.P. Norm
"I bit my tongue, you ever do that?" Overexcited guy: "YEAHHH!!!!"
It was O.J
I’m loving these Norm clips. Please keep them coming.
The one and will only be ,I hope there enjoying you Norm , lucky bstrds .
keepp the norm videos coming plss
Thank u for this
Never seen this bit before. Legend
Thanks Conan 👍
I could go for a big bowl of plaque now
RIP you magnificent, funny and kind human being
Great man, always had his own look on life. Rest in Peace Norm.
Rest well Norm, never did I ever see or watch anyone that just had balls of steel and said EXACTLY what was on his mind.
The World is now a place a little less funny 😔😔
Cue the 1,0000th Norm binge ❤
Him going after OJ and Frank Stallone will forever be favorite thing on Saturday Night Live.
Ty for all these years Norm.
Not picking on him or anything. RIP cause i think he had a comedic mind, obviously as a writer an things! But i Never really found him funny. Not unapologetic about it. But RIP seems like a great guy an very like-able.
Norm was one of the few people whose comedic sketch acting was as good as his standup. RIP Legend 🙏
Norm Norm Norm! Norm Norm Norm! Norm Norm Norm! Norm Norm Norm! Norm Norm Norm! Norm Norm Norm! Norm Norm Norm!
The greatest comedian ever
Man, he looks so young here. Still can't believe he's gone.
The best
Love you guys
RIP Legend
Truly a legend. So sad to see him go :(
RIP King
Keep those Norm videos coming! Fantastic tribute.
RIP. True deadpan legend. His rambling style will never be recreated
RIP Norm
F
RIP Norm
Second
Rip norm
RIP
