By far one of the absolute best seasons.
Late to the comment section, but I wish we got another one of these sort of seasonal story's when it came to DLC after light fall. A little break from winning against Callus before we encounter the witness.
worst season from the witch queen era
This season launched while I was a new light, and I had finished Beyond Light for the first time the day before. I was. Less than thrilled, to see the villain I defeated not but a day prior escaped.
Wait i just realized something is that Hunter move an actual power or just the raidiant dodge with arc?
Still one of my favorite seasons of Destiny, and the only one I've gotten every single triumph for: 77/77. So much fun to just chill out and be a pirate for three months, r.i.p. Ketchcrash, I will never forget you
Best season in my opinion
We had such a good season bracket last year. This was probably my favourite, just above Seraph. What boosted the seasons last bracket too was the light super revamps and the light level increases. Still don’t get why we haven’t got one, can’t think many people were shouting for them to remove the power increase, absolutely kills the motivation to play pinnacles.
It’s been a whole year, and I’m still glad this season is over.
Looking at steam charts we are now at a lower point then in season of the plunder
Perhaps one of the best Seasons in D2 😁
DAMN THIS SEASON SUCKED
If only it was as good as the trailers made it seem
Season of Plunder may not have added much to the story. But it was a hell of a lot of fun.
I got a jar of dirt, I got a jar of dirt, and look what’s inside it. - Captain Jack Sparrow
I know it's easy to say in retrospect, but I feel like we should've seen Taniks again because this is kinda what Taniks did, pillaging treasure troves for powerful artifacts
My 2nd favorite season
This was my favorite season besides season of the risen
Wow half a year already 😳
The only 2 things that redeemed this season abit: Kings Fall Arc 3.0 (Fuck knockout shotgun apes)
For one of my least favorite seasons playing destiny 2 this trailer really captures that fast paced pirates of the Caribbean type music, loved it, hated this season.
All that Grind to see my favorite misterious character become a fucking tea set
YOU EVER EAT A FALLEN BABY !!!!!?!?!??? TRANS MAT FAIRING !!!
when is this season coming out?
Anyone got the soundtrack?
I want treasure planet DLC
stumble guys es mejor que destiny
pedazo de pyta
Return srl too d1
Just wanna say shoutout to all the survivors of this season. It was a…horrific and stressful time to say the least but we made it. And let us remember those who we have lost along the way. Ur uninstalls will not be forgotten
Is Destiny2: getting a collection? For the ps5.
What the hell is this stupid indie game company doing properly? Are you selling games or selling bugs
I’m a new Light. Started playing 4 months ago and though I’m not an avid gamer, I have fallen in love with Destiny 2:The witch Queen!!! This is so much fun!! Incredible gameplay and Gun-Play. Art direction and graphics plus level design is insanely good!! And it can be so rewarding. In 4 months I have reached light level 1594 (just flexing ) because it’s so damn addictive. Yes, the microtransactions has its complaints but hey Bungie has to make money and if it means this is the product we get !! I don’t kind at all.  Thanks a ton Destiny 2 and thanks a ton Bungie !!!! I live Destiny 2: The Witch Queen and after becoming a Ghost Writer this season ; I’m enjoying the season of the lost too!!!
I just realised that the sword eramis uses is the deep stone crypt sword bequest
"Do what you want cause a pirate is free. YOU ARE A PIRATE."
fuck it im paying dose 10 buckaroos for silver
0:13 I just realized eramis is using the deep stone crypt sword
The Captain Flint agreed. (Treasure Planet one)
hey destiny i got a question can you try making our characters change mask because i need to change my character mask.
Does anyone know what the theme music is for ps5 user on home screen for season of plunder?
Remember when Destiny was focused on exploration and shooting mechanics and not loot and rpg elements?
Eramis wielding a sword is hot. I'm not taking criticism.
I just want to see that swashbuckling between eramis and mithrax
Huh, looking at these comments, it's just like the game - mostly bots. It must absolutely kill you guys seeing yesterday's Cyberpunk trailer get a million views in one day. Keep up that sad fantasy bubble where this franchise is popular & well-liked. Further proves that players would much rather play an inferior franchise with a studio that owns up to their mistakes instead of with a studio shitting on something great and actually bans anyone who points out glaringly obvious flaws and takes actual *YEARS* to address basic ass issues.  Oh I know, try bragging about 37m total accounts while struggling to break 1m players (less than 3%) in a day! Then paywall your fireteam finder because you say there are too many spam & bot accounts! Oh, that's rich!!
Spider is backk!!
Homies really have 4 arms and are only using 1 sword.
Bungie, please hear this request. Make abilities more unique. Many of them have almost the same function. Please do more with pure fun and excitement and less repeatable activities.
Pirates of the Tangled Shore: Plunder of Spoils
Why was the eramis breaking out looking so bad?? Felt like I was on a ps2 or something
I really like this season with the return of The Spider plus The Drifter and being a pirate! :D
you can take the game and stick it in your ass with the broccoli error, if the game had been optimized it would have gone normally, but not after 4 hours of which I was fine, an error had to appear, I installed the game 3 times and I I updated all the drivers but nothing, take the game and put it your ass, jast wait for me to get another expansion for this damn game !!!!
Lol destiny is still ripping people off and giving them nothing. God speed
Anyone one miss the arc blade from d1
Bring back dust rock blues
All I ask is that ketchcrash stay in the game kinda like battlegrounds did
Why does the pirate look like Hanzo the Scorpion from Mortal Kombat?
I still don't like the fallen..
I'm just realizing that The Traveller is further from the Tower lol.. hope Bungie got something good!
Now all we need is a Scorn crew, and we can fight undead pirates... Hang on, aren't we, Guardians, dead people reanimated by the Traveler? *We* are the Black Pearl right now!
FIX YOUR FCKING DUALITY BELL GLITCH FIX YOUR FCKING DUALITY BELL GLITCH FIX YOUR FCKING DUALITY BELL GLITCH FIX YOUR FCKING DUALITY BELL GLITCH FIX YOUR FCKING DUALITY BELL GLITCH FIX YOUR FCKING DUALITY BELL GLITCH
Avast me maties! Time to plunder some Fallen Booty!
season of the splicer part 2
I need the ost
I GOT A JAR OF GLACIAL STARWORT
eramis is on the search for the one piece
From the way I see it you have two music options you are required to crank up while playing  The grasp of avarice theme or you are a pirate
Haven't played in months 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️.  Feel horrible. Will be playing soon to catch up before light fall
Yes! We can finally throw our staff like a spear (still waiting for the warmind javelin as a heavy exotic tho...).
So a season Drifter is a big player in and it’s about pirates. Yeah this is going to be fun.
I will only come back to this game when Bungie keeps their promise and gives us back the Red War its bs that it was removed because it was the heart and soul of Destiny 1 and gave players an idea of who each of the Vanguard was now if someone starts to play the game they are forced into a game where they dont know who is how....the new stuff is awesome but im all for the old and the new and removing stuff hurts us players that enjoyed it
I was in a chat with my friends during the showcase, and the first thing I said when we saw this trailer was "SHUT UP, SHUT UUUUUPP WERE GONNA BE FUCKING PIRATES YEAAAAHHHHH!!!!!!!"
If Disney allowed it seeing Jack Sparrow in this season as a pirate guardian that would just be awesome and which class should should he be hunter,warlock or titan  and which subclass would he use solar,arc,void,stasis or strand
YO HO, ALL HANDS
The only thing I am a bit disappointed at is we did not get a cutlass as a one handed sword… otherwise anchors away!!
Season of One Piece :D
Damn even the guardian got tired of waiting and decided to look for the One Piece themselves
Drink up, me hearties, yo ho!
Okay but like where is my jack sparrow running emote or my jar of dirt emote.
this looks fun I mean the guardians will enjoy with their ghost and th drifter and the spider gaurdians
ias this game good for singlev player content? like story content ? or is just mutiplayer>?
same shit as always
Fuck, now I have to return to D2
THOUGHT THEY WOULD ONLY HAVE THE ACTUAL FRIST GAME NOT THE FUCKING REMAKE OF IT.
Has a lot of potential for being one of the best seasons since Arrivals.
I stopped playing Destiny 2 years ago. I'm a Hunter main is it worth coming back?
Looks like I’m going after the One Piece in Destiny
When will Bungie ever make another Game? Every Expansion they have done for Destiny is the Same.
Ew burst weapons
Yar har Diddly Dee
Season is dope and all, but Im just happy to be spending time with Mithraax again. Such an awesome character.
Now that the season is out, I can safely say that you guys butchered arc warlocks… I honestly prefer arc before the rework. Good job shafting warlocks as usual 😒
The time for judgement is here. Repent of your sins while you can. Soon it will be too late. I have warned you time and time again. This time is the last..
Treasure planet 🔥 space pirates 🏴‍☠️
Hammer Geil!!!
My cat was just sick on the carpet, I don’t think it’s feline well.
Destiny went from a serious and fun sci fi FPS-RPG to a CW FOMO casino version of fucking fortnight. God have mercy on your boarder-line restarted soul if you are still paying for this and defending it.
tarumlüg rutangisnetauq   Programmierer  der  Master K. I.   .!
yo-ho-ho and a bottle of ether
OHH GOOODDDD A DESTINY PIRATE ADVENTURE??? I MUST PLAY DESTINY 2 NOWW LETSGOOO  this looks really fun and good  also i would love to kick eramis ass again and she looks so cool and badass with that sword
So I went to watch TTK trailer, that sound- the one we keep hearing at the end of these vids- half of that little sound was played in TTK trailer. Has to be connected some how.
“Jesus replied, “I tell you the truth, unless you are born again, you cannot see the Kingdom of God.”” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:3‬ ‭  “But the time is coming—indeed it’s here now—when true worshipers will worship the Father in spirit and in truth. The Father is looking for those who will worship him that way.” ‭"For God is Spirit, so those who worship him must worship in spirit and in truth.”” ‭‭John‬ ‭4:23-24‬ ‭
Such a good looking trailer for literally 1 new activity.
Nobody cares about Joe Biden 😂
Trailer song? Sounds good
love the blunderbus looking weapon
I can already tell I'm gonna love this season just by the trailer alone!
Imagine pirates of the Caribbean playing in the background
The tonal whiplash from last season to this broke my neck, but I’m all for it. Yo Ho I’m an arc empowered pirate
One doesn’t experience self transcendence, the illusion of self only dissipates 🔴🟥
Season looks cool but after coming back to D2 and playing 3 seasons I just can't no life this game like I used to nor do i want to
0:53 that weapon looks DISGUSTING!    I want it
AVAST YEE FILTHY TELESTO LOVERS!!! ALL HANDS IN DECK!!!!
For God so loved the world, That He have His only begotten son, so that whosoever believes in Him would be saved. (John 3:16, Bible). We have all broken God’s moral law and have gotten the death penalty. However, Jesus lived a perfect life in order to take our place and endure the wrath of God. He did this because He loves us so much! Repent from sin and trust in what Jesus did for you so your sins can be forgiven and forgotten. <3
Season of the filler
I need a jack sparrow run emote to go with this season 😂😂
แสดงวีดีโอกนังโป้ให้น้องฝ้ายได้กูอย่างจุใจสุดยอดมากครับ
Looks neat. I'll come back when you start supporting Proton/Linux.
I need that trailer soundtrack. It sounds so hype.
Yep, watching my toenail fungus melt before my eyes was such a relief, I went with what I pointed out and within the first 24 hours or so the fungus was barely visible! I just go'ogled the latest in Sammy Rokernal’s Fungus Key and after 2 days my feet have never been healthier!
Destiny 2: Black Flag looks sick
Ffs why didnt we shatterdived Eramis
Bro this looks fucken awesome I can’t wait to be a British Navy Soldier😩😩
I’m gonna be the Pirate King! - Spider
MedMen Stock now offering Franchising with Tilray backing. Support Legalized Marijuana. Buy MMNFF stock today!!
why do arcane armor always have to be ugly and uncreative?
destiny 2 gets love now
The franchise that can't miss!!!
Finally my favorite subclass being updated, I just started playing again and bought the witch queen dlc after seeing what they did. I still don't care for seasons, but I can look past that with all the changes I've noticed.
every reveal since i left playing destiny has been so lackluster..i think this might be the one to pull me back in..
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteousness. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
I feel like making a song about how epic this is, goddamn
Took them five years but Bungie finally let Arcstriders actually just throw the damn thing
AFTER THIS TRAILER YOU SEE AL THERE IS , NOTHING MORE AFTER THIS ! They make good TRAILERs but for real this was all !! and grind again for a 10 extra power points
New season 1 mision of 10 min for real and then 2 new things ,realy whe need the next dlc ,i have 1% hours playd in destiny2 in the world but man im getting bored fast of the game now
_“...And really bad eggs... Drink up, me hearties, Yoho”_
All rinse and repeat in 1 month will be board as hell did not even Finnish last season bought season pass just a waste of money. I instead of just building a new destiny....... Oh no there new ip matter is more important instead of recycling old content passing on as new........ Shame but true
PREPARE THE SEA SHANTYS
Lol. Imagine playing destiny 2 in 2022.
The King and his men stole the Queen from her bed…..and bound her in her bones.   The “Sky” be ours, and by the Powers.   Where we will, we’ll roam.
can somebody explain to me the story so far?
Did she just now realize she could double tap her class ability. No wonder she got trapped
Is it a dlc or does it have a free campaign?
Sorry guys I'm late to comment. There was too much traffic in the sky and it was even hard for my private jet to land. Where should put my bags to start comment Session
THIS IS HOW DEMONS  enter people who don't have Jesus Christ in their inner being. THESE ARE NOT HARMLESS VIDEOS.
Wanna make thousands of dollars BUY & HOLD GME 🚀🧨 it’s going up thousands a dollars a share in the next couple months don’t miss out
Season looks like it will be taking a step back from being a save the universe style season and just focusing on having fun. Sorely needed a more relaxed theme for a season for once and honestly cant wait to jump in
We went from a season revolving around loss, family relationships, and identity, to yarr-harr pirates. Looks fun!
great season, but why replace arc 3.0 eververse sets with fortnite? a bit rude dont u think. we got shafted.
what's the point of making a trailer if you premiere it the day of the release?
"Take what you can" "Give nothing Back"🍻
Eramis: Amber Heard Mithrax: Johnny Depp
Any season with Drifter is a good season. Rejoice
When I heard pirates and saw the ship....pirates of the Caribbean anyone?
I…Aksis, Archon Prime. Hate Eramis.
Jesus Christ called people everywhere to repent, therefore, if you confess with your lips the Lord Jesus and believe with all your heart that God raised him from the dead, you will be saved and inherit the Kingdom of Heaven and eternal life. told other people how good he is, how he saves, heals and liberates and gives eternal life. 72
Did you hear that the police have a warrant out on a midget psychic ripping people off?      It reads “Small medium at large.”
1237709.?4€70644💰
Grasp of Avarice: The Season
So many reused D1 armor sets
Never forget God loves you and is our lord and savior
Not gonna lie, this has the potential to be one of the best destiny seasons! This trailer looks amazing!
We have truly entered the great pirate era!
Still 4 only different sets of enemies...
Was very excited for arc 3.0 armor, very disappointed when finding out there isnt
ooo did someone say Pirates rrrr you mate welcome to the crew time to go on the high sea and plunder till your drown in gold and silver, and drink till you pass out
My gaming channel please support me My channel ko 🙏🙏🙏
Zavala to the Drifter: You are without doubt the worst pirate I ever heard of.
Shouldve started work on destiny 3 long ago game engine is so outdated
Warlock : ARRRRR!!! I'M A CANONBALLLL!!!!
Really how about a season where you get some dedicated servers and actually make a game worth playing
Can someone elaborate because I used play destiny before it got a pc release; do we have to buy season passes with dlc's? or how will my experience be if i only buy dlc'c without any season passes?
We went form a season revolving around loss family relationships.and I'd entity..to yarr.harr pirates.Looks fan .?!
Spider/elisksni/pirates I can’t wait to play 😆😆😆😆
Haha yeeeees. Perfect season name as well
Can y’all show my friend “DirtInMyBeer” channel some love? He’s been going through a rough patch lately and y’all would make him smile😊
Yo ho, yo ho
ok bungie, stop it already. that weapon, whatever it is, is a needler in disguise
Looks sick but why does the Drifter have big ol Disney eyes 👀 😂
Destiny sucked. The whole game is just traveling from point a to b.
Let’s see   . Blunderbuss, check . Shanties, check, . Getting a drink with drifter, check  Ok this is looking to be high time to shoot and loot some fallen crews
Mithrax is back, Eramis is back, and even the Spider is back. Now all we're missing is Variks. If Variks return as well then this would be a full Eliksni reunion.
Destiny equals a waste of f****** time
Warlock ability oc with let’s go
argh me harties! shiver me timbers! today we be plundering the good ol loot and face old enemies. Adventures we be having, drink good ale we shall, sing some shanties like there's no tomorrow, argh!
☝
_Yo-ho... yo-ho... a pirate's life for me..._
Has Borderlands vibe on it.
Number 2 on trending BOYS YAHHH!!!
Season of Everything's Broken
I like pirates
I solo flawlessed grasp of avarice, fell in love with the emblem, and this… this has made my character complete.
Let’s fucking goooooooooooo  A season worthy of cade-6
This is gonna be great
the trailer team never misses
Drifter, Mithrax, Eramis, Spider, and pirates....Bungie, shut up and take my money!
I LOVE the Chris Foss paintjobs. Oh my god, how did this not occur to me before?
And I quote,  Yarr har fiddle dee dee Being a pirate is alright to be Do what you want cause a pirate is free You are a pirate! You are a pirate! Yeah! We got us a map (A nao!) To lead us to a hidden box Thats all locked up with locks (with locks!) And buried deep away Well dig up the box (The box!) We know its full of precious booty Burst open the locks And then we say hooray! Yarr har fiddle dee dee If you love to sail the sea Weigh anchor! Yarr har fiddle dee dee Being a pirate is alright to be Do what you want cause a pirate is free You are a pirate! Arr yarr ahoy and avast Dig a deep and youre digging too fast Hang the black flag at the end of the mast! You are a pirate! Yay! Were sailing away (Set sail!) Adventure waits on every shore We set sail and explore (Yaar har!) And run and jump all day (Yeah!) We float in our boat (The Boat!) Until its time to drop the anchor Then hang up our coats (Aye, aye!) Until we sail again! Yarr har fiddle dee dee If you love to sail the sea Land ho! Yarr har fiddle dee dee Being a pirate is alright to be Do what you want cause a pirate is free You are a pirate! Yarr har! Wind at your back lads wherever you go! Blue sky above and blue ocean below You are a pirate! You are a pirate!
Yessssssssssss.
Cool, theme change. Do we get any mechanical changes that don't feel the same in all the other seasons?
After great Wich queen and good story of 17th. Pirates kinda weird in late d2 .. meh
destiny fell off so hard
I see miisraks, i happy Simple
Pirates, Drifter, Spider, Fallen, and NO crow?? Amazing
Wait not all pirates are bad ok 😊🌹💖😃💌✌️
Bungie is like my wife at this point.  "Babe I need some money to-" "Take whatever you need."
“Misraakskel! Draw your sword! We shall duel it out on my barge! My home turf!” - Eramis
Season of the plumber 🤓🤓
On jahseh
The music is pretty awesome, especially around 1:10.
Loving all of the pirates of the Carribbean references
Have y’all seen the fortnite x destiny 2 collab😔😔
"We're troublesome corsairs! And we've come to steal your treasures! We would shoot you on the downbeat... ...but we gotta rest five measures.   	 A pirate I was meant to be! Trim the sails and roam the sea!"  If there's zero Monkey Island references, I'm boycotting Bungie.
Time to get the pirate playlist out for the season.
Welp. Time to assemble my Eliksni style gear again. Bring it on!
DRINK UP, ME HARTIES YO HO!!
Getting us ready for a life among the stars I see.
I really hope trust comes back
Anyone know what the music for this trailer is called it sounds epic
Looks like a lot of fun. Couldn't really get into last season but might jave to check out the Season of Plunder.
Let’s go!!!!!
Can't wait to hear the drifter say "Why's the rum gone?"
I honestly feel sickened by the new mod crap for arc.   This is the new meta?   Is this a piss take?   Like, we had fun with solar 3.0 and actually got to do stuff thanks to classy restoration so now we gotta be punished???  Does anybody at bungie ever think about new or returning players who don't have access to certain mods?????????     UNINSTALLED.
I would love a character voiced by Johnny Depp for this….
A season about pirates and no cayde-6 sadge
Space Pirates! Let's go!!!!!
HEATTTTTTTTTTTT
Nah, not impressed at all.  So, now we are on arc and of course, all the artifact mods are just shit.   I play mainly as hunter and now i get to move a little faster for a very short time and I have to punch things for some reason. Also, classy restoration is GONE, so, no more solo anything and back to dying constantly.  Thank you bungie for screwing it up again and somehow making the game worse. Arc is a joke.
This is all i have ever wanted from this game, the ability to be space wizard jack sparrow
Another season of cheaters nice, so no reason to come back
So basically Bungie is taking the Blizzard "Pandaren MoP" route, saying fuck it lets screw around for a few months and giving us spaceships with Jolly Roger sails?!?  I'm here for it.   Yo ho, yo ho a pirates life for me! Now walk the plank bitches...
Lost interest after last season, looks great but Bungie have extended everything into,the biggest grind ever!! 4 of this & 8 of that is now 8 of this & 16 of that repeated weekly. Maybe 2023 if I have toms of time to spare.
Of course ermis broke free
You can throw the arc spear!?!?!?! I've been wanting this for so long
Whether we want it or not,we have stepped into a war with the pirates on ships...
what im wondering is why spiders head still sits on his shoulders
You guys should really drop the seasonal content crap. Frankly a hell of a lot of people find it annoying that in order to play anything in the game you need to spend real world money is really ridiculous. Now if the season pass was just cosmetic items and not a pay wall preventing players from playing the story and getting weapons/armor. My personal opinion is that the dlc yes should be payed for because it’s a massive content drop makes sense to be payed for, now the season pass is a waist because you pay for something that if you don’t complete in the time frame given you don’t get what you pay for is frustrating, and makes the game more stressful than enjoyable.
Yo ho ho mother fuckers
add back the old destiny 2 raids now please :D alteast scourge
"Take what you can."
Did stareater scales got nerfed? Its perk now only Stacks to 4x instead of 8x
This went from ghost and phantom fleet to pirates of the Caribbean REAL fast…… I’ll be logging on this afternoon 😂
No listen to me, James Hawkins Youve got the makings of greatness in ya!
Is this on Xbox to ?
Gosh darn you bungie. Whenever I think I got my look on lockdown, you release new gear that I want
Coorrrrrnnnnnnnyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
Someone at Bungie has been looking forward to Spelljammer I see...
YEEEEEEEEEES. Our Eliksni Husband Mithrax is back !
It ain't a pirate adventure without Captain Jack Sparrow
And now I got a new reason to play destiny
Big titty space lady is back
Eramis: Everyone stay calm! We’re taking over this ship.
Exciting
I just wanna be Zeus with Titans
Eramis my beloved
BLLLLUUUNDERRRRBUSSSS
Filler before the actual story starts again. Definitely happy I quit. It looks like shit.
LETS FUCKING GOOOO
Blunderbussy?
looks epic but ends up just being kinda cringe, and arc 3.0 is really underwhelming
So far, we're 3 for 4 on the Vox Obscura prophecy as of this and the Lightfall reveal.  Leviathan reborn - check.  Shipstealer revived - check.  A city under siege - check.  Now all we need is a Traveler infected with Darkness, which will likely be the plot of The Final Shape.
Eramis got shanked by the Darkness and her first backup is piracy? Bruh... give me back my pitying of mate and lost hatchlings.
I’m eating for a celebration to my first day of high school and I found my favorite game had just posted the trailer and I’m super excited to when I can go home and log on!  Edit: Jesus man this session was amazing even 11 months later the first day of high school was difficult but I had joy when I saw this trailer and now I’m onto my second year can’t wait to see what the next season has to offer!
It's always the seasons with the fallen that get me hyped up
This is either madness, or brilliance…
Kick ass, Bungie.
This makes my heart pound with joy… Although as an Exo, I don’t have a heart! YO-HO-HO!
I get to see again one of my favorite destiny characters: Mithrax.
Im rooting for Mithrax
YAAAAAAAAS
Are we in the reef?
Good. A season with Drifter
wrath of machine coming
Not enthusiastic about working with Spider again, but anything is worth doing with Mithrax
I swear if there aren't any Pirates of the Caribbean references this season I'm going feral
Storm the fleet ha
SPIDER MY BELOVED
mid
So the rumours were wrong about a Rasputin season. Anyway glad to see spider and Atraks back
ME WANT WAIFU FALLEN WIFE!! ME WANT NOW!!!
God sakes BUNGIE stop pulling me back,I'm trying to quit D2 jajajaja
No one is seriously gonna talk about Mithrax fighting Eramis? alright
So...... Question:   What paid/bought content are Bungie going to steal and rip away from us (oops.. sorry, I mean 'vAuLt') in order to so-called "make room" for this?
THANK GOD MORE MIZRAKS
It’s gonna be a long season
Yo ho ho and a bottle of rum!
Bungie sure does know how to make a damn good trailer
Be a pirate become a space pirate!
Seein the drifter worries me, they will not trick me into playing gambit damnit!
Bet Eramis escapes the season, basically leading to the meme from a while ago about the big showdown. Caital vs Calus, Mithrax vs Eramis, Savathun? vs Xivu Arath, and then for humanity all I can imagine is the vanguard and their more dark advocating allies have a dispute or Lysander makes a return
I’ll pass
We become Raiden this season!
ngl i kinda hope we gon fight a space kraken or something
A season featuring Drifter and Mithrax my two favorite characters! So hyped!
Sea of thieves lessgo
lets fucking go sea of thief !!
Chris Foss meets D2, cannot wait!
This is going to make me reinstall just to get more of drifter
Why does this reminds me of Pirates of the Caribbean: at war's end
Hate that I am currently at work right now
oh guck the hells yes! back wit our boi MisraaksKell!
this is going to be awesome XD
*Pirates of the Carribean intensifies
Just when I was thinking why aren't there more space pirate games
"A Stranger I Remain" intensifies
wait this actually makes me want to play lowkey
If Drifter does not, at some point, start a Sea Shanty….we riot.
That’s crazy
Pirates AND kingsfall before lightfall? Lets gooooo
*EXCUSE ME? BUNGIE- JUST DROPPING THIS ON US- EXCUSE ME?*  *WHAT FUN AWAITS US?!*
Tried the new activities and got bored after playing twice. Just recycled content from the previous activities
I knew that bitch wasnt dead
Does this count as the Destiny Beach Episode?
So I take it talk like a pirate day will be in full effect on September 19th in destiny?
you wanted me back ,well i am thinking i am back
"In a world without glimmer, we could have been heros!" - Fallen Captain
This looks like one of the best, if not the best, seasons... damn...
Fuck yes pirates
My inner pirate is ready to loot 🏴‍☠️💰
Okay... But did anyone else get whiplash cause they thought the 'bum-bum-bum-bum' from Drifter sounded like Cayde?...
Can’t believe Bubgee has publicly shown their support for our boy Jonny Deep. Y’all are the real legends.
Love the Chris Foss inspired ship designs!
Dope asf
NOTHING A DESTINY PLAYER LOVES MORE THAN STEALING LOOT LETS GOOOOO
Love the pirate shit. Not a fan of the armor sets though
Destiny 2 Sea of Theives
Let's get started Guardians.
We're going to need Captain Jack Sparrow
“We don’t have plans to bring back twilight garrison”… those bastards lied to me
Well, this actually looks very fun. Also glad erimis is back actually
Eliksni seasons are always the best seasons. this looks FANTASTIC!
My Hunter: Arr! Avast, ye salty dogs! It's time fer plunderin'! The Warlock forced to put up with them: please for once in your life speak like a real person
Holy shit it’s treasure planet 2 electric boogaloo 3.0
Yes! I can’t wait to be disappointed by this!!
I think this is the most excited I've been for a new season.  Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me!!
Dude pirates is such a good idea and the music is so good
Destiny piece
SPIDER
Ima wait to see if this season worth playing or will I be bored out my mind and waste money.
‘Me yeating the boss with Gjallahorn’  Everyone around me: “That’s got to be the best pirate I’ve ever seen.”
oh    shit
Space ninjas, space cowboys and now space pirates. Sweet
I really hope mithraxx dosent die in that swordfight
0:32 “Stop blowing holes in my ship!”
MISRAKKS
ship-to-ship  ...bungie dont tease us, thats just cruel
D2 meets Treasure Planet
Yo ho yo ho a pirate's life is for me
Another drifter season??? 🙄🤮
Spider: "Hope you've got ammunition, Guardian" Bungie: *Has already added infinite ammo*
Ok a season about pirates has to mean we get a saber/cutlass sword RIGHT?
RELEASING TODAY, ON MY BIRTHDAY LETS GOOOOOOOOOO
This is the day you nearly caught Captain Jack Drifter!
spider vs eramis? space pirates? yes please, ty
SPIDER!
Bro wtf they running out of ideas
Cayde would’ve been a great pirate🥲🫡
Shiver me stasis timbers!!!
Necrotic grips with arc is cheating 😂
Welp, time to dive into destiny 2 again
"Hey guys incase you couldn't tell we were pirates!"......
Start practicing your shanties, Guardians.
Not impressed
creo que esta temporada ala mejor me gusta
I feel cheated. Just checked the store all hyped for arc themed armor and it was just the Fortnite armor. The one set I was gonna get because arc is my favorite, and it doesn’t exist. Not even a ship or sparrow. Rip 😔
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
Holy Shit!!!! Bungie read my mind that's exactly how I envisioned the new hunter arc super a Spear throw Thundercrash and is embedded it the ground turns into a shock pylon. Good shit right here!!!
Eramis vs mithrax! he better not die
And thus, a new age of piracy has begun!
Weres jack sparrow
I am currently having an issue.  I'm one of those people stuck on Destiny 1. I just got Destiny 2 now because I wanted to get that old feeling back. I wanted to get back in my ship and fight other Guardians and experience the story.  But somehow... I don't feel that about Destiny 2. It feels like any other game that's stuffed with DLC's and more and is super complicated for new gamers.  That's why I'm sticking with Destiny 1. Because it's simple and this feeling when you play it is still there after all these years.  So sry but not sry 😂
Actually looks really good tbh, I think it's better than the last season
Eramis is revived it was true!!! One of savathuns truths!!
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirates life for me 🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️🏴‍☠️
Say what you want about Bungie and Destiny 2....But their trailers are 🔥 🔥 🔥 🔥!!!!
is this teasing a space flight mode?
Eramis: *Breaks free* Every guardian in the galaxy: How many times do we have to teach you a lesson old woman?!
ALL HANDS ON DECK YALL! THIS SEASON IS GOING TO BE GOOD!!
Well shit.... despite everything it looks like spider is still technically, on our side of things.... God dammit. And here I was hoping we'd get to put him in the ground.
Be careful, guardian. Here be monsters.
Yar har har and a bottle of pain
Hell yesss
I have always dreamed of having the Hunter throw the arc staff 🤘🏼😤
Destiny 2 : Guardians of the Caribbean
Bladedancer Pls
Captainnn Lookkkkk
FINALLY, MITHRAX KELL OF LIGHT VS ERAMIS KELL OF DARKNESS
I can’t wait to get my own ketch I’m so happy my warlocks lore is like beging completed rn 😭😭
Sh*t, why do Titans and hunters always get cool looking helmets when warlocks always get fugly ones? Goddamnit bungie
Spider Strike maybe???
An season based about pirates and get to see more of Drifter? This is gonna be a great season.
Yo Ho Bro 🏴‍☠️
Man the hand cannons
Destiny is lame and not worth buying
@ literally all my friends that didn’t believe me when I said Eramis was coming back
I miss the Cayde 6 Finisher the Silencing shot I would love to have it so badly but now with this season finisher in the season pass I feel it will kinda satisfy me
Can't wait to blast the Pirates of the Caribbean theme while playing the new activity
Oryx really gonna rise up in the last encounter screaming "shiver me timbers lightbearers, yarrr"
So, when does Tankis show up?
YAY, PIRATES!
So who is suing the vanguard and guardians for negligence in not shattering Erimis when she was frozen?
Happy Drifter is back!
alright, alright, alright
Crap.
Soooooooo... is the tangled shore returning?
awesome!!
With my re-immersion into Sea of Thieves lately, I approve.
How new light vs darkness (house of light vs house of darkness)
Deleting campaing that we bought  in the original Destiny 2 game I won't buy this never ever!
Well I guess I’ll be removing the dust from my D2 disc
Imagine the season being called plunder and Bungie being stingy with the loots and drop rates, I can’t help but fear such irony
YAR HAR FIDLEDEEDEE BEING A PIRATE IS ALRIGHT WITH ME!!!
If we don’t get to use our ships for some space pirate shit I’m uninstalling but that’s COPIUM I’ll still play even if I get let down every season/dlc
God this looks awful 😞, is too late to ask for a refund.
It is a real shame that Cayde is not alive for this He would be having a blast 😭
Space pirates?!!!!?!!!!!
Somehow... Eramis returned
well, shiver me timbers, this be a fine adventure we're gonna have, lads and lasses.^^
Hell yeah, we got bloody Albator season !! ALLLL ABOAAARD
Yo ho yo ho, a pirate's life for me.
UNLIMITED POWAHHH!!
This looks GREAT. However... I find it very odd that Eramis would go from a "higher purpose" type motivation to "let's go steal stuff".
Being a one piece fan, this season looks fun
Drink up me hardies yo ho!
Game is very good but its like a second job 4-6 h a day if u want to have everything and thats a way too much for me 😞
Every trailer look fire but actually season like 6-8 missions milked for 8 weeks and first one the only unique one
Omg I can't wait to get home and play this
Kiozkoon
Another fight for the title 😏
Do what you want cuz a pirate is free, YOU ARE A PIRATE
Every single season bungie releases is essentially polish over the existing turd of the game. New shiny stuff polished onto a game with  the same crucible maps and the issues with crucible, same old strike and pve playlists, abandoned gambit mode, a fatiguing and repetitive grind.
This is my own opinion here, my thinking is that this season and the next will build up the witnesses disciples. I believe Eramis will become one by the end of this season. Whoever is the next disciple though I’m not sure.
When Captain Jack Sparrow is rezzed as a guardian.
YARR
One of those armor sets literally looks like Nekros from Warframe
MORE. DRIFTER. HES MY FAVORITE CHARACTER AFTER CAYDE DIED.
Iido is cute AF in that trailer art…. Maybe we should give her back truth?
How do I buy the season oss I don’t see an option for it
It HAPPENED I knew she was not dead this fucking story continues! Possibly Eramis might joint Callus
Get ready to sing your favorite  shanty guardins: time to be space pirates!
Looks fun I look forward to playing once I re download the game after the update corrupted my entire game data requiring a re download of the full game 💀
Eramis getting unfrozen.. Proof climate change is real guys
"Somehow, Eramis returned"
"Runeth thy pockets"
So this releases right at the same time as Spelljammer? It's a good time to be a space pirate, I guess.
Bungie stop throwing players directly into the first mission of the new season!  It's so frustrating and annoying.   Just let players decide by themself.
why wasnt someone watching eramis or keeping her locked up???
MA! I'm a space pirate!
hope that this can compensate for the previous season because that was awful! btw, Zavala's past was great. I'm talking about the gameplay in general.
SEASON PASS BUAGHT
Cant wait for the dungeon next season with Taniks as the main boss
hey this is the perfect opportunity for dregs promise or zalo supercell to come back
Welp time to blast some pirates if the Caribbean music obnoxiously loud.
Why is my wallet crying
Hell yeah pirates!!!!! Such a perfect storyline for the Eliksni. I hope this season has good Mithrax content!
I don't see the season of plunder, but I do see season of Jack Sparrow.
That effing dodge was glorious!!!!! 1:01  Edit: I just finished a book narrated by the Drifter’s voice actor Todd Habercorn called “ Dream Stream Reality”. It’s an litRPG and man you hear him do so many voices but Drifter’s voice always comes through. Makes me think Drifter is in that universe. Pretty good. Give it a listen. On audible for free with a membership.
Pre Season: Queen's Hunt Season of Risen: Queen's Hunt Part 2 Season of Haunted: Summer Halloween: Dark Leviathan Raid (Big Early Halloween Season plus not so raid) + Need a Therapy... Season of Plunder: Pirates of the Caribbean, Skull and Bones, Sea of Thieves, Assassin Creed 4 Black Flag, Captain Jack Sparrow... (Sorry, this season is full of reference of every pirates movie, even Captain Jack Sparrow made me remind)
DESTINY COLLABED WITH FORTNITE?????????????????
Does this mean we're getting wrath of the machine raid back?
The only thing that would make it better is the Grasp of Avarice soundtrack.
This has got to be the best shipstealer I've ever seen
SEASON OF THE SPLICER PT.2
So... were teaming up with the Ninja Turtles?
Guardian gets surrounded by fallen "Guardian:"Parlay?"
Drink up me berries yo ho
I was not expecting a pirate season. AND MY BOI MITHRAX RETURNS!!! HELL YES!
Us: "You're the worst Guardian I've ever heard of."  Drifter: "Ahh but you have heard of me."
Space pirate season? Ooh BOI.
OOoO tHiS loOKs liKe tHe BesT sEaSoN.    Ive heard that almost every season.  Hopefully there is better content instead of just doing a repeat of sever/containment mission over and over to progress the story.
1:39 - <===================>  !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
She a pirate now?
Destiny Season of Grasp of Avarice
Forsaken + Beyond Light + Season of the Splicer + House of Wolves = This new season
onle care about 1 thing. will we get our 10 billion damage thundercrash back ?
Destiny is going in a direction that a lot of people seem to like but I am not one of them. All of the side quest seasons are dealing into backstory and details that add little for me. I am glad so many other people like it but I think its time for me to find another game.
I bought beyond light but never finished the campaign..I started playing again when witch queen came out..how do I get access to stasis? Finish beyond light campaign?
“They gotta be one the worst pirates in ever seen”
As a titan main IM SO FUCKING HAPPY FUCK YEAH THAT ATMOR IS SIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIICK
"You are without a doubt the worst guardian give ever heard of"  My shitty warlock "But you Have heard of me"
You had me at Eliksni pirates.
I will return to worrying about the fate of the universe and existential threats of oblivion later For now, it's pirate time
My only complaint… sails on a spaceship…..
Loving the potc comments
I'm not usually one for pirate stuff, but I love the dueling between Missraks and eramis.
god this looks awesome, what a flip from last season tho lol
I'm gonna be king of the pirates
This looks like Guardians of The Galaxy Ravegers edition
It’s almost certainly because I’ve been playing destiny since 2014, but I am just not excited for anything to do with the game. Which really really sucks, the game is amazing, but I just don’t care. Lots of love Bungie, keep it up, hope you guys get lots of new players!
This looks like GoA should have came here with a different exotic( not gally)
Yo that titan dodge looks like twighlight garrison move. Titans with dodge- can’t wait.
Cayde would’ve loved this
Eremis again? So dumb. The fact that we didn’t kill her ass when she was frozen is dumb as fuck. Recycled content.
Arrrrrr fallen on the field
Heck yeah! Been a while since we had some good Eliksni action!
I love Destiny trailers, Bungie never fails to deliver an action packed, hype inducing trailer!
YESSSSS
Drifter: take everything.... Guardian: give nothing back..... *fist bump*
Eido my beloved <3
space pirates , this season in a nutshell
Terribly sorry mate.         Parlay.
Now all I'm thinking about is that one track from Forsaken. The one with that swashbuckler-type rhythm to it that played during the Prison of Elders jailbreak.
My unga-bunga, exotic-hoarding brain went nuts seeing those engrams being stolen
Hell yeah, Mithraks is back baby!
Oh wow. Who didn’t see Eramis returning from a mil away, huh?  Looks like we’re going through the recycling phase again, boys.
Brace up yards, ye cack-handed deck apes! Dying is a day worth livin' for!
Huh... the dark  priestess  was right  Eramis was asleep!
I'm even more hyped now. Too bad I'm going to miss it because of boot camp
Looks wack
Take what you can, give nothing back 🍻
Eramis?
This looks WAY better than last season!
What absolute horseshit! Collect and deposit, that is what this game has come to. Every season, hord of enemy's, kill them and collect what they drop and deposit to get some loot at the end.
this will be the best Fallen themed Season
Ladies and Gentlemen. Start playing the Pirates of the Caribbean Theme at full blast, because we are going looting
That looks really cool.
Wait so they brought back Eramis, the person who wanted to steal siva from the tower, in a fallen pirate themed season, and brought back kingsfall
you have no idea how happy i was when i saw Spider goddamn
Now we need a space pirate Captain Jack Sparrow
POV: HBO Max removed a show you like
That new fusion is gonna be siiiiick
Do what you want cause a guardians free You are a guardian
This was honestly The last thing I was expecting when it came for this season…..space pirates
I just realized that the new Eliksni character at 0:12 might be Eido. Her voice sounds similar to what we hear from her in Season Of The Splicer, but it doesn't sound close enough to be certain.  Edit: I was right, it's Eido. It'll be cool to see what role she plays here!
I’ve always said that I wished I could throw the arc staff for a big explosion. And bungie has made it so. So excited
Yar har fiddle de de Being a pirate is alright to be Do what you want cause a pirate is free You are a pirate!
BRILLANT
This pirate theme is a definite NO! 👎🏼
Lame
Aight looks like imma be listening to drunken sailor for the next month or so
Put Drifter in the Crow's nest so he can tell us when there's Fallen on the horizon.
Why is Ether gone?
Let's goooo
Hopefully
Proof of global warming
I miss Activision 😥
*sighs and clicks reinstall*
New Sea of Thieves update looks great
Drifter as a main character, already a better season then most
I don't care who the seasonal npc is, I am not playing gambit
I cant wait to launch a dreg 30 ft with a point blank blunderbuss shot
Let’s goooo
Drink up me hearties, yo ho! Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me! You know this song, parrot? Feel free to join in anytime. Aye, but we're loved by our mommies and dads. Drink up me hearties, yo ho!
Great now we just need thaniks to show up again Thaniks the loot hunter
I'm already level billion everything's trash might as well not even play I'm the greatest.
I am already seeing "You must complete 350 Gambit matches to continue" the season progression. Mannnn I hope this comment DOESN'T age well
We're Sea of Theives now boys let's gooo
Yes!!!
Seriuosly.. Now they should have added the Dungeon "Grasp of Avarice"... Bungie..😔😒
I want to stick drifter in davy jones locker
"Ya best start believin in Pirate themed seasons guardian. You're in one!"
Yea still not paying for it. It's now worth the money with how little they will add.
I like to imagine a titan running with a jar of dirt
Hu. WHAT İS THİS. A JOKE
So I skipped season of the haunted which I only really regret not getting the ornament set because the helmeted looked dope but this may get me to return
Pirates Life mate 🏴‍☠️
That’s gotta be the greatest pirate I’ve ever seen.
Is this the last season till Lightfall?
Do want you want cause a guardian is free! you are a guardian!
Of course hunters and warlocks get good shit cause they are lil bitches with no armour or health titans gotta do all the work
THROW. STICK. THROW. STICK. THROW. STICK.
What is the music for this I NEED TO FIND THE MUSIC TO THESE TRAILERS
Amazing Showcase! One of the truly best character defining seasons made so far.
I don't know who payed the top comments to spout lies but this trailer looks boring and bland, a lot of what was shown was already in the game, seems like another boring season.
Now this is fucking SICK!
Why 👏 didn't 👏we👏 smash👏Eramis
In the name of a great hunter. ALSO THERE WILL BE A TON LOOT.
"That's got to be the best Guardian I've ever seen."
Destiny has it flaws, but fuuuck i love this game so much
The ketch’s have some jodorowsky dunes influence.
Bungie had too much fun doing GoA 😆
Can't wait to see how Bungie fucks pvp up this season
And thus began, a great age of piracy
I saw the cutscene for this season, I KNOW MY HELMET IS OFF, but my titan is ugly as fuck, dont do this, nooooooooooooooo, WHY CANT I CHANGE MY FACE PLEASE
Titans have Ikarus dash?
Too bad you couldn't apply the update and play until Aug 28th though. Typical Bungo!
Eramis! Hide The Stasis.
I'm going to be king of the pirates.
A season with good old Drifter and Misraaks? Count me in
OMG TITAN HAS GARRY
yes. Yes! YES!!!
About to become the king of the pirates this season
This looks like it's gonna be the most fun in a season we've had yet
I love pirates! this is gonna be fun! but damn please dont waste Eramis
Omg he didn't mention gambit in the video
I guess this time rather than freezing Eramis imma have to thunder clap those cheeks boi
I heavily stomped away from D2 after last 2 seasons....But, Arhhhh, methinks that Cap'n Crunch will be back to loot those Ships of pieces of 8 Jimlaaaaaaad!
Oh the amount of pirates of the Caribbean memes this is gonna spawn...... Should be fun.
Pirates of Europa: The Curse of Stasis
Damn i really dont like pirates....this season gonna be a miss for me
Hope they bring back trust
So  Who wants to make an edit of this with Pirates of the Caribbean Main theme?!
People hyping it like it isn't going to be the exact same thing we've been playing for years. It's just gonna be the helm with some treasure chests dotted about and some battleground based activity where we shoot stuff and then put the ball thing in the bank thing so the season artifact can do the other thing.
turned grasp of avarice into a whole season.
*Intense Indeeding*
There had better be a Pirate hat or I'm gonna be disappointed
Got so excited I almost said "yee-haw!" Pirates don't say yee-haw for god's sake!
Literally the filler season sigh
Tangled shore returns?
Ah shit here we go again
55 mins ago so cooll
Does Eramis still have her darkness abilities? I’m just curious if the darkness “abandoned” her after her loss.
Oh what a horrible day to be a House of Salvation with Arc 3.0's drop
So the flavor of the season is pirates?  Aren't Fallen houses basically pirate fleets anyway?
Tangled Shore: _gets sunset_  Spider: *And I took that personally*    So how long before Telesto breaks the game again...
When Sci-Fi goes to swashbuckling! We never had any experience like this since Treasure Planet and the first 2 Ratchet and Clank Future games!
I hope we get to kill spider soon
Alright Guardians, let's kick Eramis's ass again
Titan and Hunter: Cool conquistador armor Warlock: "What if we reused the dogshit helmet design from prophecy?"
Finally, the Drifters front and center and he's riding with the Eliksni allies
gentleman hoist the colours !
Eramis- "Your mad" Guardian- "Well its a good job I am otherwise this probably would never work"  (Shoots from a canon and thundercrashes through the Hull of another ship)
0:59 I feel like the audio and the video weren't edited right here... maybe it's just me, but it feels like there should either be a fight scene on screen, or dialogue in the audio! Edit: Ah, because they added the end sequence in the wrong spot! 😂
Best selection for arc 3.0
still waiting for a no mans sky approach - being able to fly our own ship manually onto the planets. that'd really bring in players and make the game beyond incredible.
Woooo! Can’t play til 6pm! Gotta do chores and other stuff then I’m free! Good-Luck Guardians
Somalian Pirates We?
Yes season of the drifter on pirate stereotypes. I fucking love it
Wait so no Dreadnaught? 😭
we kill eramis and make her into a weapon. Savy?
Expected we gonna raid the Dreadnaught, instead we get fucking Space Pirates, i love it!!!!
ahahaha top sh1t
Is Spider back?  😁😁😁😁😁😁😁👍👍👍
PIRATES!
I’m excited! Season looks great! And light fall looks killer!
Arrghhhhh me matey. There she blows. Uh peg leg peg leg and a bottle of rum.
*Drifter is casually listening to "You Are a Pirate" by Robbie Rotten for the entirety of the season's events*
This is gonna be awesome!!!
Now I get to be Hondo Ohnaka this season
GOD DAMN IT FEELS GOOD TO BE A GUARDIAN TODAY.
Why does the Titan Armor look like the Marouder thing from New World? xD
Going to be alot of "That has to be the best pirate I've ever seen" memes this season
Yo ho yo ho a pirate life for me
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOO
0:26 alcoholism in destiny fuck yeah
My pirate name will be lightbeard
From Kell of Popsicles to Raider Captain. Quite the demotion there Eramis lol
I don't like getting swept up in hype, but this looks like it's going to be crazy and fun. Which will be nice after going through such dark and emotional seasons.
we better get to fly our ships
Arrrgh me mateys
Hello bestie
Destiny 2, Sea of Thieves Update
This season is looking so fu¢king good!
Now THIS is more like it!
So the New season is literally, Pirates!!!...... BUT IN SPACEEEE!!!!! XD, well at least it cant be boring!
are they making fun of Skull and Bones? lmao!
Transmat firing was just the words for firing the Canon
Season of the Booty
INTO THE ABYSS, LADS.  AFRAID TO GET WET?
🎵Oooooooh who lives in a pineapple under The Sphere....🎵
Out of everything that I thought we would get, this is the last thing I expected.
Awesome,  more recycled themes, enemies and locations from Destiny 1 and older Destiny 2 seasons
Destiny 2 black flag season
0:12   Eido, Scribe of House Light, Daughter of Misraaks?
FALLEN KETCH SPACE PIRATE SHIPS? IM IN
Too bad my monitor is broken and I can’t get my next one till September which means I’ll miss the raid and all the KWTD fireteams “sigh”
I was the only one who said the ship was going to have to do with the drifter LMAO
TO THE GRAND LINE BOISSSSSS
Drifter: "you've got to be the worst pirate I've ever heard of" Eramis: "but you have heard of me"
So excited but no plus to play sadly
Anyone else notice Eramis had the Bequest sword from Deep Stone Crypt Raid?
Oooooo here weee go
This looky goofy as hell but in a good "it's gonna be fun" type of way
And cue all the Pirates of the Caribbean references.
Cool. I feel like this and season of the haunted should have switched release orders though. lol
I started playing D2 2 weeks ago, got hooked after the initial massive confusion to where to go and what to do, im still not clear on many things in the game...and luckily i googled if i should buy the season pass, turns out season was just about to end, so im excited to buy a season pass now as it looks totally crazy :D
Shiver my timbers
sure would be a great time to use our ships in combat
where is the fortnite skins
whether we wanted it or not, we've stepped into a war with the IO in Fortnite, so let's get to taking out their command one by one. Doctor Sloane. From what I can gather, she leads a recon IO team in an underground drill inside of tilted towers. she's very dangerous. but with the right team, I believe we can punch through those defenses, take this beast down, and break their grip on the Zero Point.
Season looks like it will be taking a step back from being a save the universe style season and just focusing on having fun. Sorely needed a more relaxed theme for a season for once and honestly cant wait to jump in
they dont call her the ship-stealer for nothing
Kaizoku oni ?
*Yo ho! Yo ho!* *A Pirate's Life fer Me!*
Must be the treasure planet game we never got
Worst community in history. Facts.
FUCK YES. please
"We drink and we pillage and we do what we please. We take all that we want for free."         -South Park
one piece
Sooo dam stoked for this season and whats to come in the future with LightFall
Well I never expected destiny would be how we'd get a sequel to treasure planet but I'll take it.
You’ve got to be the worst hunter I’ve ever seen, ah but you have heard of me
Bungie brought Chinas social credit score system to Destiny. Idiots.
This game is so great omg
"IT BE TO LATE TO ALTER THEE COURSE NOW GUARDIANS HAHAHAHA"
...bungo
yohoyohoho
Spoiler: Cayde is back
BEING A PIRATE IS ALRIGHT WITH ME *YOU. ARE. A PIRATE!!!*
Why the hell did we not shatter her bruh
THE ONE PIECE IS REAL!!!
Yes
It's a pirates life for me
Eramis, Drifter, Spider!!!
Season of the banned
Sooo....Grasp of Avarice in seasonal form I see.  Good thing the Vanguard just left Eramis on that ledge without securing her or anything.
Theory: eramis kills mithraks and he comes back as a guardian
SPIDER IS BACK
Does anyone else feel like Eramis could possibly die at the end of the season? I don’t know, I feel like Lightfall already has a lot going on and trying to squeeze Eramis in there as another Disciple just makes the whole thing sound really packed.  Or she could become a Guardian. Another ironic fate like Crows.
Pirates!
Drifter: gets slapped by Eris Guardian: “Let me guess you didn’t deserve that?” Drifter: “No that one I deserve,”
You must be, by far the worst guardian I've ever heard of!
Pirate titans be like “Yo ho ho and a bottle of crayon”
The pirates of the Caribbean
MY BOY MITHRAX RETURNS LETS GOOO
I don't think I've ever been so excited for a season. This is a dream come true.
Will gladly play "You are a pirate" from Lazy Town, for this activity.
Love it. Splicer was my favorite past season. Love the fallen Aesthetic.
I miss Destiny 1, I don’t want this crap
Bungie has outdone themselves, this season, the new expansion and what's to come. I can't wait.
Unless you're banned.
W
Pure joy!
Ok so we have a pirate themed season with Eramis, Spider, Misraaks and Drifter (being Drifter) that looks to involve ship to ship boarding actions and a sword duel between the Kells of the house of dark and the house of light.  God I love destiny.
Where is the Black Pearl?
No me imaginaba algo mejor pero piratas espaciales ? Ya no saben que inventar 💩
Eido’s appearance seems so cuddly to me, anyone agree?
TIME FOR CRAB!
They basically added a charge up BLUNDERBUSS
I love no man's sky
As a titan, I be happy to storm that ship with my shotgun and friends.
Time to wipe the dust off my Geomag stabilizers
Hype af. This is gonna be an amazing season!
There better be rum!
What no sea shanty?  How can you have pirates and no shanty?
There's one thing we're missing to make this the bast season taniks the un perfected
Drink up me hearties, yo ho.
We went from a season revolving around loss, family relationships, and identity, to yarr-harr pirates. Looks fun!
That's got to be the best pirate I've ever seen.
d2 really just turned into sea of thieves bruh
Let's get that loot, baby! King's Fall too...oh man! We eating good!
One thing im finally excited for this season    FINALLY A CUTSCENE WITH OUR GUARDIAN HELMETLESS THE FIRST ONE SINCE SHADOWKEEP
1:01 YOU TELL ME THAT TITAN IS NOT USING TWILIGHT GARRISON AND I'M GONNA FIGHT YOU!
did that titan just icarus dash….
Cool cool... Anyway, when am I getting all the shit I paid for back?
Can we kill Eramis properly this time?
omg finally we can throw the Hunter arc staff
I love it and think it’s a cool idea, but my only issue is that it doesn’t flow with the story. We’re supposed to be preparing for the Witness, not looking for treasure and killing pirates.
It sucks that I just got banned on x box for saying smelly loser but regardless I'll have fun playing this
They really nailed the aesthetic of the arc subclass man  I mean we will see how it works in game... but did u guys SEE the beauty from 1:08 to 1:17? Each character had my jaw drop 🤤
after 9 years we get content about getting loot the ways of ol
Yoooooo the spider is back!!
*Insert Crossbone Gundam Theme*
SEA SHANTIES
HOIST THE COLORS!!!!!!
Hope we don't kill eramis off here. Just wouldn't feel right, the hostile fallen need a face. That and I love her VA and I'm praying she gets good lines. Unlike with beyond light
A pirates life for me!
If we don’t get pirate swords this season I’m gonna have a fit 😂
My poop deck needs to be swabbed after seeing that 😆
Best Destiny trailer probably ever
the disappointment that drifter didn't shout "Transmat Firing" at all :(
Oooooh I love the idea.  Just hope the event isn't as boring as Haunted's.
Imagine Doctor Livesey and the Gang being the final boss.
I havent played this game in about 2 years buy, after seeing this trailer and the trailer for next years expansion I think I might have to pick this back up because of how tragic POE new league is.
Dont forget how much stuff is being released today for those who haven't played in a while or want to play. This is the best time to start playing if you haven't been already, as far as content goes.
mithrax seasons are the best!!!
Yo ho yo ho a pirates life for me
Take what ya can!
0:46 I AM THE STORM THAT IS APPROACHING
Not exactly how I expected éramis to escape .  But I’m looking forward to her story being continued
Yay. More throwing balls at stuff that need balls thrown at it.
Well, Shiver me Timbers! This is gonna be FUN!!!!!
Drink up me hearties yo ho!
We need a one piece fashion showcase now.
You had me at space pirates.
1:00 noT ThE titAn idENTitY !!,11
Never thought I get to see Eramis and Mithrax having a duel. Talk about fan service!
DO WHAT YOU WANT CAUSE A PIRATE IS FREE, YOU ARE A PIRATE!
At last! My season of kells!
We gonna talk about how we literally get a blunderbuss?
Fuck just when I thought I was finally free from Destiny.
Glad to see Spider survived Mara Sov's assassination attempt after the events of Season of the Lost
Ayo whats the trailer music?
W season its got the drifter in it
Oh, this'll be fun.
Bungie somehow managed to make me fall in love with a curious bug...  Eliksni seasons don't miss.
Damn you bungie! Just when I think I've had enough yall always bring me back in
Spider? Drifter? Mithrax? Awesome!
So we're getting a new gamespace, we're getting the arc 3.0 update AND we're hunting pirates?
A pirate themed season for Destiny?!? LESTS GO!!!  *Pirates of the Caribbean theme intensifies
“Somehow…Eramis returned”  BUNGIE I KNEEL
Yarr
Do we finally get Bikini Bottom as an accessible Zone?
PIRATE SABERS
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for me...
Eremis: You’re mad….  Guardian: Thank goodness for that, ‘cause if I wasn’t this would probably never work.
Time to go find treasure planet men  Anchor's away
More Fallen stuff is always welcome
Nice it’s pirate time baby. 😎🤩
Release it now. I don't give a fuck about the showcase. LET ME PLAY
I knew she would break free
Bruh taniks is the boss fight
I better see Hydroid in that ship
Looks incredible
Mithrax's daughter is adorable, hope he lives up to being a great father
I’ve come for ye booty
1:02, bro, had to thunder fist his nuts, did him real dirty there bro...
Johnny Deep making any cameos and walking Amber Heard off the plank?
The homie drifter is with us!
do what you want cuz a pirate is free, you are a pirate!
People always said I was the worst guardian they'd ever heard of, but they have heard of me
Was expecting pirate jokes  Was not disappointed
Yarr! Drop and give me booty! 🏴‍☠️
OHHHHH WHAT DO YA DO WITH A DRUNKEN SAILOR
You just yarred your last harr, matey!
*”This is the day you will always remember as the day that you almost caught Eramis, the Shipstealer!”* — Eramis, Kell of Darkness to Guardian
The King and his men Stole the Queen from her bed And bound her in her bones....
Look at us! We are the Kell now!
YO HOO, thieves and beggars, HOIST THE COLORS HIGH
I'm so excited I could orgasm!
arr matey, we need to kill a former popcicle
They screwed warlocks again, they just made their super a different version of Nova Bomb but the strand version. But titans and hunters got orginal supers   Learn to be more creative it is pathetic.
Yo ho Yo ho a pirates life for me!
This has to be (imo) one of the coolest asthetics for a season we've had in destiny in a while, really exited to start playing it
I couldn’t resist mate!…
You know, maybe I’ll start playing this again
ERAMIS
0:17 PIRATES
So has the "Pirates!" line been properly memed yet?
Oh no. Meth woman.
SET COURSE FOR THE SEVEN REEFS!
Not gonna lie, this has the potential to be one of the best destiny seasons! This trailer looks amazing!
Johnny depp would be so proud
Looks sick
Pirates of the Caribbean music intensify
Season of the Riskrunner
Sea of Thieves but less fun  *great*
I give Bungie credit for their efforts as far as trailers go. However... As soon as you finish the 4 or 6 missions there is to finish and you are left wondering lifeless space they call planets or destinations...we are back to...so...when is that new drop coming?
Can't have a pirate themselves without space battles. No point in a crew if u can't man your ship
Okay... pirates... I'm not gonna be able to take this seriously, but it looks like fun.
So let's see. We become pirates. Drifter is with us Mithrax is with us MITHRAX'S DAUGHTER IS WITH US AND WE CAN FINALLY SEE HER Eramis is back (and I BET she will become a Disciple of the Witness in the end) Spider is back. And WE ARE FREAKING PIRATES, BOIS!!!!  Yeah, I'm buying it.
Leave her Johnny, leave her. There's loot to be plundered
Time for my Hunter to go full Jack Sparrow!
Alright Eramis let’s finish what we started 🗡
space pirates of the carribbean
guns on our ships?
Man the cannons guardians!!!!! We are gonna plunder all day long!!!!
eramis is out already?
So this is what "dead game" looks like for sure.
BANK THOSE MOTES BROTHER !
All we had to do just break that frozen bias Eremys while she was frozen.... But omg ICE MELTS?!?!?! who could have tought
Where's the titan in the cover art
Looks actually incredible
Arrrrg!
LFG FIANLLY! I'M FINALLY GONNA BE ABLE TO RAID FOR ONCE.
Time to blast some seashanties from your ships boys.
Can we least get a new exotic assault rifle instead 🤔
Drifter is the Captian Jack Sparrow of Destiny, and please let the title be captian
Not what I expected but damn am I excited nonetheless!
The second I heard Liz Sroka I bought 1000 silver 😭 I romanced Tali everytime
🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥
Stasis did her so  dirty so now she must be really pissed ..
Interesting.
Yo ho ho and a bottle of ether!
That's got to be the best guardian I've ever seen.
This season better have a ton of treasure island or pirates of cearribiean references
Impressive!
it's a pirate's life for me!
"The Vanguard Code is more what you'd call 'guidelines' than actual rules."
So would we be singing space shanties instead on sea shanties?
🎶What will we do with drunken drifter what will we do with drunken drifter what will we do with the drunken drifter early in the season🎶
You’re as beautiful as the day we lost you, Spider…
Yet again another pile of 💩 from woke bungie.
YO HO YO HO A PIRATE'S LIFE FOR ME
That warlock armor 😬
Its beutiful
I AM A PIRATE
To those saying that eramis was going to come back, *ya fucking called it.*
Shoutout to bomb vest titan 2k23
Taniks comes back once again in a raid
Plumber
It's time we summon The Black Pearl!!!
YEEEEEEEEEEEEEAAAAAAHHHHHH IVE ALWAYS WANTED A PIRATE SEASON!!!!
Im about to waste so much money today on the Fortnite skins in destiny+ the destiny 2 skins in Fortnite+ the season pass
Finally something to catch drifters attention
Somehow looks more interesting than the next expansion
Putting my name here as Spectator213886 as my destiny gamertag for historical purposes 😉
SPIDERS BACK?!  Wait, IS THAT THE TANGLED SHORE?!
Fantastico
BRACE UP YARDS, YE CACKHEADED DECK APES!!! DYING IS THE DAY WORTH LIVING FOR!!!
One piece but in space
LETS. CLAIM THE BOOTY AND KILL ALL THOSE APPOSED TO US
Ah Spider. Long time no see.
Oh no eramis has broken free who could have thought
YO HO HO
All fireteams better be singing sea shanties or they can walk the plank
AHOOOOOOOY!!!!
Drink up, me hearties. Yo ho, yo ho
The pirate ship looks like it was influenced by Chris Foss. Nice.
"L+plundered+no wenches"
Nononono, men no. Pirates…pirates.
Yo ho, yo ho, a pirate's life for us!
LET'S  GOOOOOOOOO
Woo! Drifter focused season! Lets plunder some fallen booty!
It's time for Destiny 2: Electric Boogaloo
Arc 3.0 + Risk runner = *Fallen sweating nervously*
ARGGYHHHHHHHH
Looks really promising
You best be believing in space tales Guardian, YOU'RE IN ONE.
Bro destiny 2 is evolving
All hands on deck, Guardians!
YO IT'S ERAMIS
I'm hungry for the new season
SEAson of thieves
Second
Season of Booty
WOAH
