Who is here now after today's news?
Dan Ashworth is awful, thank God he has finally gone. Wonderful news.
Yes, this is definitely the guy who should be sporting director of the world's biggest club - a man who can't even send an email correctly.
Our appetite is wet enough. We want the man in our fold
Take the rat ..we'll pay you 😂
Ayo is such a good host
If I was Ashworth I would sign the following players ASAP :  Alisson, Van Dijk, Konate, Trent, Tsimikas, Endo, Szobo, Jones, Salah, Diaz, Gakpo, Hendo, and Milner.
Why isnt anybody talking about southgate🎉
They will get him? And...when?
Eddie Howe is actually glad he's gone. Contrary to all you Man U fans, nobody at Newcastle is very bothered about him leaving. You hope we are, but we're not. We are more bothered about Amanda screwing you for £20mill.
No need for negotiations lol planned move easy to understand,😮
U can have him 20 mil and 2 years gardening leave NUFC forever,😊
Can we have better content please? Surely there's something more interesting to talk about than this ?
Who arraonged. This interview khere  ....WoW,,lol
WELL DONE , KEEP IT GOIN , 😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊😊TEAMWORK🎉
Watched sky sports! You know fuck all about football
*Pay up or shut up Sir Jim!* £20M and Diggy Dan’s all yours.
Roy Keane is right about Ashworth’s lack of loyalty. If ManU want him, pay up £20M & he’s all yours. Dan’s wages are small change to our owners, he can garden til 2026.
Dan the man
He’s going to United. Newcastle need to accept it and move on. Big babies.
The only fans that see Man Utd & Newcastle as rivals are Newcastle fans.
Assworth LOL
Love how Newcastle think they are remotely a rival to utd
Terrific.
Ashworth done what? He turned England into the most boring team on planet earth along with Southgate.  He refused to sign a striker for Brighton and left them with Maupay upfront. Brighton went from relegation contenders to Europa as soon as he left.  Newcastle we’re close to signing Maddison, Paqueta and Diaby and Ashworth decided Lewis Hall was a better option.  He never recruited brightons hidden gems like Mitoma, Caicedo etc, that was Sam Jewell, all Ashworth did was negotiate a price. All Ashworth wants is over priced British players.  If Newcastle get Rangnick, he will be a huge upgrade over Ashworth. Rangnick is the bloke who scouted Haaland, Mane, Nkunku, Gvardiol, Keita, just to name a few. Don’t think Man Utd realise that Ashworth is very stuck in his ways of British players.
must be joking if newcastle think they are on par with united as a club. deluded
Ayo 'at this moment in time' Akinwolere
My first time watching this channel and I can't help notice that there was alot of "We revealed this" and "We revealed that" talk, like you guys wernt just one of a thousand other reporters saying the same stuff at the same time 🤷‍♂️
He’s a great gardener
All this time i thought Laurie Whitwell was a woman😅
There is only one true United  Ineos will transform the club but we need the Glazers fully out!
Chris Waugh is trying so very hard. However UNITED have the whip hand over the barcodes. They get what they get...20 million is just an embarrasing request. They made fools of themselves in public asking for that.
Big up Ayo. it's called PSR in  the PL, not FFP. You got it right, while the other suckers/club fed sources refer to FFP. Guys when you become older, remember to check your personal  PSA values. ETH in.  No more random result, counter-attacking moments  FC, gone on for to long. In the modern game, you need pace and mobility. Fridges plays NFL. Bring on Ajax-style football, Gegenpress 4-3-3 Holding. Professionals with proven track-record in. Murthough out. Glazers out! United need more Vikings. Thanks Roy Keane..
Could he have gone because of Eddie Howe's relationship with the owners?
Surely as a Employee Ashworth has a right to resign with immediate effect. All employees have this right! Just like a employer can dismiss a Employee....UK employment Laws
Don't be scared. NEWCASTLE
Eddie Howe top class.
Newcastle will win big trophies in my lifetime.  I'm ancient
You must understand the PIF. They're absolutely gobbling yous up.
JOHN MURTOUGH WANTS TO STICK AROUND EVEN MORE HUH. SHOCKING. DARREN FLETCHER TOO THABK YOU FOR YOUR SERVICE BUT PLEASE LEAVE AND ONLY COME BACK TO VISIT.
This is nothing new, remember when Chelsea prized Peter Kenyon away from Manchester United just as Newcastle did with Ashworth from Brighton. Not even a Manchester United fan but Ashworth was always going to get the better job, Newcastle fans salty as ever over the loan fee Utd asked for but didn't they also ask for 50 odd million for Longstaff.
I fast forward whitell sections he chats sh*t
Posh boys calling him "Dan Ash-Worrrrth".  It's "Ashwuth".  There's no elongation of the "worth" part of his name.
First time I’ve been excited about United in years
I know and worked with Dan Ashworth almost 20 yrs ago in grass root football. He is, focused, determined and commited, and yet a gentleman
murtaugh and everyone else that has FAILED the last ten years can leave! failure DNA is not what we want!
If he brings in the type of player he brought to Newcastle I will be well happy. That is, injury prone players (Isak, Barnes, Pope, etc etc), players suspended for a year for off field actions (tonali), players that cant even make the squad (kual, Minteh ) and ones that make the bench but never get game time or very little game time(Lewis Hall, Tino). Only decent signing was Gordon and we did not really need Ashworth to sign him. He has been a total waste of time and money. A very expensive mistake by Newcastle. I am sure we will be great at Man U. lol
Lets not forget theres other PS Clubs interested and Manure are prepaid to wait ? Charge them Double ! Anyway I Totally agree M8 Who Bloody Cares ? ! As for Knowing our plans Who Cares ? Means Nothing, It;ll  have Sumic to do with money Not FootBall ! Take it with a pinch of Salt, Just Shite x
Lets not forget theres other PS Clubs interested and Manure are prepaid to wait ? Charge them Double ! Anyway I Totally agree M8 Who Bloody Cares ? ! As for Knowing our plans Who Cares ? Means Nothing, It;ll  have Sumic to do with money Not FootBall ! Take it with a pinch of Salt, Just Shite x
Man united is not a peer to Newcastle, please, we may be languishing, but Newcastle does not get media coverage for a sporting director appointment
As a Newcastle fan I don't really get why either Man United fans or fans are getting worked up over this. Dan Ashworth is employed by Newcastle. Man United want him to work for them. Newcastle are under no obligation to just let Dan go and work at a rival prem club, especially if there's a buy out clause in his contract.   At the same time Dan is a human and if he feels he's been given an offer to good to refuse then he'll accept it like we all would. This is just business.
January 2026 sounds good to me 😊. Fcuk the traitor Ashworth!
This process shouldve begun the moment sir alex said he was gonna leave
This was informative but hearing about the behind the scenes goings on at United makes me incredibly angry too. To hear that Alex Ferguson suggested Ashworth to Richard Arnold and we stuck with Fletcher and Murtough..? You have to ask why didn't this recieve more press attention at the time... As a United fan the club has done very little else except spend irresponsibly and let the fans down by doing nothing or sticking to what worked in the 90s. The very notion that Ashworth would be offered a role under Murtough!? That is a joke. It feels like a lot of the United correspondents drip feed information to the public about what is happening at United. We get the scoop 2 or 3 years after the event. What is the benefit to these journalists to covering up for the absolute fools involved in the mess which is United's recruitment department?  We have the worst recruitment team and structure and personel in the entire world and the recruitment plans we have enacted in the last 2 or 3 years have been an utter embarassment. They get worse each year! John Murtough is always being defended, always beeing given the benefit of the doubt - its enough to suspect he has some kind of hold on journalists who report on United. I can't wait for him to be sacked.  People often defend Murtough based on what he may have been doing before he moved into a DoF role, whereas they used to say he needed time before we judged him in the DoF role... it must be a joke. It is going to be revealed that he has been working for City all this time I bet. I can't see him as a professional, no professional can be that bad, he must be a saboteur.  Murtough is the one common denominator involved in every bad football decision made at United since Sir Alex retired, he was the one who started to promote Scot McTominay as the answer to the base of the midfield double-pivot.... its shocking really that he never has to face the music. He is the Ed Woodward of the football staff and he should be gone already.
Thwy are butchering Ayo's name in this podcast
When will Man Utd's fans that they are not what they were in the 90`, you cant just walk in and take him how you want, pay the damn money and shut up, wtf is all this noise on the media
Newcastle fans needs to realize where their club are in the food chain
This Ashworth approach is a good sign of whats to come for Man U, underestimating and eventually overpaying 😁 Radcliffe following on in the Glazer vision. 🤣
Can anyone tell me who signed off on sancho and Antony?  And why we employ John murtough? It’s been unsuccessful so clearly people need to be moved on,fletcher etc  Onwards and upwards 🎉🎉
Erik ten hag my manager 🟥
United quoted 15 mill for Lingard because Newcastle quoted 70 mill for Longstaffe ffs.
The toon dipped 😂😂😂
Great to see the faces of the names I've heard on a daily basis. Lets face it no other clubs or fans like to see United thrive that's why they always like to see us struggle.
This is only big news because it's man united any other club trying to get director from Newcastle no one would care
newcastle is Wee club,you have to be in your 80s to remember them winning trophies
The United are too big
Only one United and it ain’t the Toon. Toon have always been a petty wee club who want to be big boys but are ultimately only big in the NE postcode
Gg
I want to hear balance, not just United want him because he's World Class for working for New Castle while sitting at 8th. I'm not against securing DAshworth.. but I think there is a lot of media drive here which has me cautious. Seems most making connection between Brailsworth and then labeling him a massive Coux and Top Class. Hope he works out but United isnt Brighton.
It is absolutely mindboggling to me that Ineos are doing all of this work to appoint competent backroom staff but yet they are seemingly content with sticking with Ten Hag who is an absolute buffoon of a manager. I hope they aren't letting recent results fool them, United are winning despite Ten Hag and not because of him. He is well out of his depth.
Because Murtough is diabolical at doing his job.
The people in this video are lying: Newcastle approached Brighton first, talked about the deal and after they have set the price Newcastle contacted Dan himself. What are ManU doing is the no dignity approach - because Dan is close to the new ManU investors they thought they can talk to him and not to the club that he is employed by. Absolutely pathetic lol
Get them telt Chris!
You guys I just had a thought, and this may be farfetched and/or me being pessimistic because of how shite we have been and that has filled me with disbelief that United is moving like a big club. Won't this "galacticos" of executives mean a clash of personalities and stepping on feet? Everyone will want to be the "saviour" of the club? I mean sure they will act within their roles but how rigid is that really? I hope they find the synergy for the betterment of the club and not individuals.
Linkedin is the new Panini sticker album
Meh…… no biggie losing Ashworth. He’s not pulled up any trees at the Toon. The compensation sounds nice, though.
United as in Manchester United are on the way back to the top and rivals don’t like it 😂😂
Does no one want to mention the drug enhanced elephant in the room with mr marginal gains. The bloke has ruined his reputation and that of British cycling but everyone seems to keep lording him as a football guru.
I mean Newcastle can moan all they want about Ashworth leaving for Man Utd but this is exactly what Newcastle did to Brighton. Dan has an incredible opportunity to help re-build Man Utd without the constraints that he would be under with Newcastle.
What we can understand from things going around with #ManUtd is that, Utd is a bigger club in EPL than any other teams .
"Went through front door"... "Newcastle direct rival"... really... Fine live with ur Ashworth and PSR...
Great podcast but there’s just so many adverts. Makes for a really frustrating user experience - although I understand the need to monetise.
Newcastle, you are a one club city (we’re not counting fucking blue star). Manchester has two clubs in the same city in the top flight of English football, and they are the biggest clubs with United or city in their name, hence they’re united or city, and hence you’re Newcastle. This rivalry from Newcastle fans is so forced
Radcliffe has definitely made the right start but the club's success really depends on whether he can pull off a takeover. As it stands, I can see the Glazers eying Brighton's model of identifying cheap talent and selling on for huge profit. Unfortunately they're probably licking their lips at all that lovely profit that they can skim.
Howe is behaving badly in this and everyone knows it. Howe won't be at that club in the next few years anyway. He will be sacked and they'll upgrade to a newer and better model.
They put him on gardening leave and he works from home for man utd while getting paid by Newcastle. Or Newcastle can take say 5 million and let him go.
I love the whole Man U perspective of "C'mon, be real, we can use his knowledge anyway. So, just give him to us!" If it's really that easy, why bother buying him at all. Just leave him at Newcastle and poach his knowledge anyway 🤣
The fact that you nerds are even discussing this shows the state football is in right now
Unlike a player with a contract, Dan Ashworth can work behind the scenes on Zoom. This is over barring the screaming Newcastle are posturing.
Dan Ashworth has already decided to be with Manchester United .it's a challenge and United will get him.
This guy better not undermine Ten Hag!!
lol, you’re like a week late. This is maybe 20th video on this I’ve seen on YouTube 😂
Newcastle are still the losers in this even if they want to play hard ball, I rather wait a year than pay 20 million for a DOF.
Antony swap?
'Newcastle have ambitions to be number 1, the fans see it as a rivarly' - 1. My guy, you are now learning that money cant but you prestige and the issues with being a front for a humans right abusing nation state. 2. No united fan sees you as a rival, just a wannabe man city who gets their feelings hurt by being called your true name, newcastle.   Newcastle should hand full transfer control to howe it worked great for bournemouthe, they for sure didnt waste vast amount of money the would have them ;inged by the current finincial constraints. The PR work by newcastle to bried that ashworth is useless is amazing though. If he was then surely you wouldnt care about losing him like you are.
Chris brought up the Lingard situation but he failed to bring up the Sean Longstaff situtation...🙃
Jesus Christ it’s a suite.  Have we really got to this clinical boring stage in football where we are talking about executives and nerds like they are players? The “greatest football director this country has produced” what an utter joke. Have a day offz
Oh my lord, no Crafton.  Happy days.
If Newcastle push for 20 million when they inevitably try and poach someone else from a club they will have to expect a hefty fee also.   Man united will also be getting some advice from Dan ashworth whilst he’s on leave so they will be in no rush. For me United are in the driving seat.
Phil Giles at Brentford has to be our top target. He's a NUFC fan so wont FO at the earliest opportunity.
Eddie Howe make me laugh lol
Lol about Newcastle getting butt hurt about United being referred to as United is illogical. Newcastle is a one team city…their only rival is Sunderland who don’t even play in the same league. Top it all that with Newcastle, if not for that oil money would be still irrelevant and are nowhere close to the only United the whole world knows!
Potential Eddie Howe to replace ETH if MU dont make top 4 now with Dan Ashworth appointment - Michael P Jeremiah[Reporting]
Brilliant show
I don't know which is more disturbing. That they are happy with the job ten Hag is doing and want to move forward with him, or that they see Graham Potter as a viable replacement.
Only United could get football podcast have a whole episode about their management…
If Dan Ashworth scouted BRUNO G then i respect him
Great podcast but adverts every 90 seconds....😢
Dan on leave would probably give him a much dragon time to correct his mistakes at NewCastle and to master plan his next appointment. Take a peanut and let him leave.
Man U wanted a 2.5 mill loan fee + 12 million survival fee in the 21/22 season but let's not forget Newcastle quoting Man U 50 mil for Sean Longstaff in 2019.
Turned this off at 20.39. Waffle overload
Its only becoming news cause its Man United, when you big you are big.
Newcastle are hilarious, they aren't a big club.
Utd targets your cook it will be world news on SKY, ALJAZEERA, CNN and BBC. Other rival clubs who think utd is an overrated club have their answer. It's a curse in a way
I'd like to know more about how success is measured for a Sporting Director. If it is a long term appointment what are the markers of having achieved anything. In cases where they employ the manager the effects are perhaps more apparent. However in 1-2 years what have they done, hired some people to delegate responsibilities to? What is the talent pool like globally for such a specialist role?
They can pay or they can wait
If he's that valuable United will pay the 20m or they'll have to wait until 2026 😂
United cannot cave to this demand. Send the wrong signal.day one. This is nothing but a childish f you from Newcastle. If united pay it they will set up to overpay for everyone as usual under ineos just like before. This has to be a marker for a new chapter.
Not too sure Newcastle did too much to keep DA.  The Tonali fiasco and the failure to strengthen a fragile frontline in the summer had cast a shadow over his worth. Certainly worth no more than £21 million.
Not one United fan see's Newcastle as a rival.
Just loan ashworth the money to buy out his contract, dont approach newcastle
man u 1bn in debt they shouldnt be signing anyone
The movement of execs isn’t making news unless there moving to United let’s be clear lol   Ain’t seen one bit of interest in who city will replace Omar berada with.. and not one bit of news when Newcastle appointed Dan ashworth
How did they come up with the 20m figure? Interesting their was sounding out of similar amounts for Newcastle players in the transfer window ( trippier, Wilson, almiron)
Wearing a baseball cap inside like a true yobbo. Very unexpected from these poshos
Newcastle should just let Ashworth sit at home for 2 years, money isn't really an issue for them. They can sign a replacement and continue on with their project whilst causing united a team they see as a future rival to be somewhat stuck in limbo. Emenalo is already employed by PIF for the Saudi Pro League they could easily re-assign him to Newcastle. I'm sure Newcastle feel a bit aggrieved by the actions of other premier league clubs in response to their takeover.
This is about ego and hurt feelings, nothing else. Newcastle did the EXACT same thing to Brighton for Dan Ashworth, not 2 years ago. It's now happening to them. A bigger club wants him, he wants to go.  It's the natural order of things. Newcastle are bigger than Brighton,  man utd are bigger than Newcastle.  Newcastles feelings are understandably hurt. Que serra serra
