yooooooo
3 years late 🥀
Who's here in June 2025?
It's 2025 and we still watch this legend ❤
This just recommended to me today now this video is 3 years old I miss the good old days the dream smp "rest in peace" teachnoblade never dies
Came on my recommendation 😢
"Yoooooo!!!"  🗣️🗣️🔥🔥‼️ "Yoooooo!!!"🗣️🗣️🗣️🔥‼️‼️‼️
Dude has a genuine sense of a humor man. I miss him every fucking minute of the day 😢❤🥺
Fuck I miss him so much 😭😭
this is kind of depressing but he is at 20 mil so congrats to ‪@Technoblade‬ and his dad
Dream after the duel :
bell
Did noone else get the golden helmet reference
Who hear legend voice in 2025?
YouTube recommended me this 3 years later
lol
" I actually thought a hair was on my screen when i saw the thumbnail "😂
Netherite armour, Full set 🗣🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥
Mythical algorythm pull
Very cool of YouTube to recommend this after 3 years
Who gets this recommended 3 years later?
It’s nice to stumble upon these shorts again! 💛
Hii
Hi
Hi
Legends never die..:(
i thought the fishing rod on dream was a hair on my screen
Note for later, if they pay gold, give them ONE item ha ha.  Wait...
Oh I miss them so much
😢
Bro thats so funny (like if you see this video in 2024)
Yooooooooooooooo
The fact that Dream is on a leash just makes me think that he’s a dog.
Bruh
I thought the rod on the thumbnail was a hair on my screen
Rip tecno
🐖🐖🐖😐👑👑👑👑
It's been a year since technoblade's death but i still miss him...
Can't believe its been 2 years
I have a feeling a lot of orphans died owning those helmets...
he is missed too much );
What did bad do wrong 😂
Is dream Technoblades pet
Poor dream getting leashed
wait why is dream leashed up?
Seeing Dream on a leash reminds me of Waiting for Godot.
Infinite money glitch
And now he gets to keep his golden helmets & he gets a free, full set of Netherite.
lol dreams on da leash
☹️❤️
why awesamdude and antforst not join
Its so nice to hear technoblades voice again.
😂
Lengend never dies
why does tech have dream tied to him like a dog with a fishing rod?
Feels sad hearing technoblades voice again.
This is two times dream being a pet
😂😂🤣🤣🥰🥰
And they lived happily ever after.
I am still confused about Dream's role but after a year I'm afraid to ask.
... .....
😭😭😭 🐷👑⚰️
just hearing technos voice again makes me cry :(
POV: your watching this past july 1 2022
FIRST.JOKE.
I can’t be the only here, after the news…
!?!??!?!?!??!?!??!?!?!??!??!!?!?!?
i miss him so much
Oh gosh… the fanfics
Remember if you buy a store you own the money you used to purchase it
"it's so nice to hear Techno's voice again"  We are not going to hear his voice again anymore 😭
Dream is now Technos pet.
Rip technblade
Dude, just hearing Techno's voice makes me wanna cry. I miss him soo much!
Muy buen trade
R.I.P though our hero 😭😭😭😭
This is how Tecnoblade got so rich!
omg the golden helmet
what is happening with dream lol
Yooooooooooooooooooo
The blade using wooden swords I can see that he is useing them?
Why is dream on a fishing rod
The "YOOOO" won't be forgotten
I..I miss him
:) O7 Ppl who know what that is for.....they know who that is for
all I can say is  :(((((((((((((((((
Hearing technos voice 🥹 RIP king
Wait this was posted 11monfhs ago? TF I HAVENT EVEN SEEN THIS
I HAVE THE BLADE!
dream is techno's dog
0:48 yoooooooo
I miss him……
Why is Dream leashed?
Sailer
Rip tecno
Now watching this almost made me cry 😭
Awesome
Rip Alexander. You will be missed. A legend to the Minecraft community
This is my favorite short so far
Hearing technos voice after his death is just sad
What is the name of this music?
I like how dream was an a leash
Dream:
Also why is dream on a leash
I miss this man so much
Hearing Techno's voice again :((
I’m crying rn
so long potato king
Dream becoming his green man pet
Watching this in July brings a tear to my nostril
Rest easy Alex
Rip
Rest easy,alexander.
10 month before techno's death
Too bad that tehnobled died 🙁🙁
RIP🙏🏻
bye bye njgga
Nobody comes back to this
RIP
Rip
casually says “yoooooooo” while killing and stealing
0:44 *yoooooooo YOOOOOOoOOOOOoOO*
This is very but very late but dream looks like a bottom is he a bottom?
Why is Dream on a FISHING ROD- that totally doesn’t concern me what do ever 😬
Are we just gonna ignore the fact that dream is stuck on the fishing rod??
Why is dream on a leash?! 😃🫠👽☠️
That went from a nice shop to a stange scam to a murder
Ok but why is Dream on a LEASH?!?!?! Should we be concered?!? :{
Poor dream
Lol dream on a leash
Dreeaamm we need an explanation  why you were on a leash????
yooooooooooooooo
Bad doesn't know what to say😆
No bbh😢😅
I love the reference to the damaged golden helmets. Reminds me of the glory days of skeppy and badboyhalo.
Dream is technoblade’s pet
I love how Dream is pet.
The helmet meme
Lol
Everyone talking about dream attached to the rod  Me : Bbh's helmet  I miss those days😢😢
The damaged helmets lol
O Gui o Gui pode matar o irmão dele se ele conseguiu matar o irmão dele ele podia matar mas porque não vai matar aí esse pouco irmão dele hein eu sei que você tá vendo esse vídeo Porque você não faz um vídeo matando o teu irmão
Bro Digito has Millon followers and dream had Millon over then
Ez armour
Dream did not even talk lolololol
Bro I heard techno’s achievement sound
Why was Dream on a leash?
This video is still being talked about on tumblr lol
YOOOOOOO
Badboyhalo can smelt the golden helment
yooooooo thats good stuff yyoooooo
Umm  what happened to dream
ok
Love how dream is on a fishing line as like a leash, im dying
Why dream are pet?
A lash to the face perhaps??perhaps the eye
I  NEVER NOTICED DREAM HAD A LEASH IN🤣🤣🤣UNTIL I SAW THE ANIMATIONS
It'll be cool to be able to actually leash players.
0:21i didn't even notice dream threw it.
One question why is dream on a fishing rod
Why is dream on a fishing rod
DOES ANYONE REALIZE OUT OF EVERYTHING HE HAS HE KILLS BADBOYHALO WITH A WOOD AXE
Yooooooooooow
HOW MANY GOLD HELMET U GOT
And I’m sorry
Dream is tech pet
0:48 he literally meant every single stuff 😂
Hmmmm🤭
Plz
Invite me to your smp dream
he’s fished
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooo , yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
How is BBH died with only 3 hits of a wooden axe
0:01 oblivious npcs be like
Dream looked like techno’s pet cause of the fishing rod 😂
Dream..
So this happend after the duel
Is this we’re the coupons came from
The leash 0.0
I love that the fishing rod is on dream!?
haha!
E
Dream just watching: 👁️👄👁️✌️
the veterans will get the reference
The warriors he killed to get those helmets…
🤣🤣🤣🤣
And that's the story of how I made infinite money
I love how he have full netherite and a wooden axe
*yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo*
Technoblades pet do- dream
Did anyone noticed that technoblade's fishing rod'pole is on dream's face 😂
Dream is like thecno's pet lol
Dream is like thecno's pet lol
"yoooooooo"
did you know, this is a reference, in skeppy's videos, skeppy keeps on messing with badboyhalo's golden helmet.
I keep saying Tecnobubble
I love how dream is stuck to techno’s fishing rod
Dream pov: Why am I still here just to suffer!
dream is a pet now
why is dream on a leash
Wait why is dream on a leash?
AND he got his stuff back
So true
Rip BBH 🤣🤣
UwU
Dream is Techno's pet, you can see him attached by cheap leash
He just keeps saying yooooooo while killing bad 😂😂😂😂😂😂
yOoOooOoOOOooo
THE MERCHANT IS DOPE!💚
It's 2 am here      Whyy
Why is dream on a lead that's sus
that's a lot of people killed
The slighty damaged golden helmet thing is such an underrated meme but I love it <3
Why is dream and a fishing rod
:)
Yooooooooo
Can we all say that bad is the best at acting like a shop worker?
Is that a reference
Dream just chillin on the leash lmao
I love how dream gets most of the attention just because he does nothing
Lol
AND DREAM JUST WATCHED.....INTERESTING
That is not a good business
As you can see they got 1m views because of a pig
Yass I love thisss
*"yoooooooo"*
Poor merchant
Dead channel boi.
Please make new vid
Indeed very Nice
why did he stop posting shorts i miss them sm,,, anyone know the reason why or have a clip??
Why do dream stans exist. If your not overly enjoying other YouTuber and making weird genders out of them then why dream. It’s just weird.
DREAMMMMMMMMMMMMM YOU NEEEEEEEEEED TO MAKE MOREEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
:)
I wanna join the smp lol
Lol
Where video
He definitely forgot this existed (don’t worry Dream so did I)
why wow dream atached to fishing hiook?
Either Dream forgot his password or is really busy.
legends says dream is still on that leash
Did dream just stop this channel 😢
Wish he still posted on here
DEDDDD
Dream who is your fav in dream smp
What happened to this channel it just stopped
hello I'm just here to remind you haven't posted on this channel for 2 months
</3
rip forgor☠️ his password
come back
rip dream shortz
best way to rob someone
Pleaseeeeee Upload again
plss uplod vids again
it's been 2 months
Why no uploads
The low pitched yo
We want some regular vids bro please 🥺🥺🥺
Dream upload some shorts
When upload
Little did dream know, the merchant sold his channel and till this day, he still hasn't gotten it
What the hell this channel has been dead for months
Pls post more
Yooooooo...Yoooooo
Technically, every 81 helmets he gets is a gold block if he smells them.
Where new shorts?
When will there be another short?
I’m selling dream the god
You haven't post in 2 months
I’m on a mission, to put a :D in every YouTubers comment section.  Please donate simply by typing “:” and “D” these put together make :D   Thanks
so sad to see this channel dosent upload anymore :(
I am on a mission to put multiple “:D” in every YouTuber  Please donate by literally just typing : and a capital D
What happened to this channel? I miss it 😢
xD This is amazing
I JUST KEEP LAUGHING AT THESE-
Dream on the Leash XDDDDDDDD
Its been 2 months
Ol
pls come back dream
Little did we know it was probably the last one…
hmmmm techno's fishing rod is stuck to dreams chin hahah
2 months ago
hello everyone i'm from vietnam
He put on the netherite armour then kill badboyhalo to get back all of THESE?!
TECHNOBLADE'S ACTION WAS HILARIOUS 😆
YOU NOT LIFE
I save dream I SAVE DREAM
What dream?
I miss dream's shorts
I remember the time that BBH had an emotional connection with a golden helmet. I saw on a sleppy video
i need content pls
Who else here waiting for the next Dream shorts video
TECNHOBLADE NEVER DIES
*dream the dog*
ay make more
What happened to these shorts
Make more! UwU
So what happened to this channel??
Ig Dream forgot about this channel
Still waiting for new videos.:'>
Did this channel die?
If you don't get the meme, it's basically that Skeppy used to troll BadBoyHalo by taking his mostly damaged golden helmet and not giving him it back despite the thousands of times he asked for it back, this made one of the most funniest videos on Skeppy's channel. SKEPPY 2017-2018 VIEWERS RISE UP!
When are u gonna upload agin
So umm when are they making more shorts again?
“YOOOOOOOOOO”
there are 8 videos where the wallpaper is Dream holding a bucket of lava and a hunter digging the dirt with a sword
Why doesn’t he upload on this channel anymore
Where are ueuwueurgkebeks
Wait Dream was techno's pet? O_o
Bruh upload
Uploud MORE
I miss the shorts
Let Jesus Christ be with you all
Is no one going to say why is dream stuck on a fishing rod
I like the way that dream is just standing there and watching badboyhalo get murderd
This actually just remembered me about when skeppy is trolling bbh with the "mostly damaged helmet" and in that troll video of skep...the hemet is actually mostly damaged ...this is pog
RIP Dream Shorts
dream gave up on this channel?
can we apricated that this has been the last short in a month since no new ones have been made
dead ass channel
I Like how Dream is Technoblade's pet in this video
When the world needed him the most, he vanished.
woi cukk upload lah lagi anjg😊👊
哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈哈
Xd I like how he grabs a wooden axe and ends up 3 tapping badboyhalo
Y0o0o0.....
THAT'S A CANNON
U stop posting.-.
The only people that laugh of this is a five-year-old
This is kindergarten humor
What happened to them there is no uplodes
BadBoyHalo, Don't you even fing about 50$!
Lol
The only inconvenience I have when talking about Dream is that I have to add "the speedrunner" in the end because my sister will always confuse Dream with Dream Sans. Tbh I often get confused myself lol
I've waited for too long... maybe i should give up... no, No, NO! I shall not let such thoughts let my patience run out
Yaaay
everybody remember when dream shorts would actually upload vids? Those were the good ol' days... good times, good times.
Rudese, Reuse, Recycle has a new meaning
I watched YouTube videos for along time now, and I can say that almost every video has a comment by someone liking what the YouTuber did in the video and their reaction
yoooooo
I thought he was gonna buy a bell xd
*where have you gone*
When’s the next one 😭😭😭 I can’t live off of this
" And when the  world needed him most, he vanished"
upload
Yoooooooo
You better not rig the vote again or I’ll report you world wide
where content
Glad this ended
I'm a loser
My brother watch everything
I miss these, they need to record more shorts.
Aww I Hope You guys are bald too!
Techno’s just holding Dream hostage
السلام عليكم
I’m coming back waiting for the dream shorts to update again
That really cool man
Dream in corner be like: ummmmmm ok?
Mic up dream fans!
Hi dream your name is clay
Me laughs in bedrock
when i hear merchant all i hear is "what are ya buying?"
Dream play Hunter please
Why is bad always the merchant selling things lol
Omg lol listen to the "Yoooooooo       Yooooooooooo"
I feel so bad
Bruh dream a fish
AAAA
hello, why u stopped uploading ?
rip channel he forgot about it
I LOVE YOUR SHORTS DREAM
Hope he get well soon
I think dream forgot he had shorts channel too
This is good
Bargaining OP
He just stops uploading Thanks for liking my comment
Dam I late :(
Lol
Ded
omg dwream is so hot and gwogy is so cute uwu
anyone remember the golden helmet meme from skeppy?
I Think he is giving so many gold helmets because he speedran and there you craft a lot of golden helmets to go in bastians and now he is technoblades *assistant* correct me if I am wrong
Dream Shorts Last Words:    Wait What Are You Doing Stop
Anyone else remember when dream shorts used to upload like every day or 2 day
imagine getting full netherite armor with only golden helmets
New vid idea: (somebody) runs for president
month
Is this like the real DREAM???
I love how dream is techno's pet
What is Dream on a leash, Who knows.
nice
Dream is just watching
Uploadddddd
UPLOAD!
Revive this channel.
I read the description but I still don't understand why Dream is on a leash.
Foreshadowing the charity stream when he has full netherite and kills with a wood axe
Dream I wantch all your video's Keep uploading so you will have 100m subscribers😊😊😊
Technobalde!
MAKEMORESTUFFMAN
I want to say "'SANA ALL'"
bad boy：wtf
And Dream is *just there.*
I’m surprised he didn’t take *THE BELL* first!
i wish dream could pin my comment or love my comment
Dream please upload more shorts its been such a long time.
Is this what bad boy halo does when he has free time if so can I buy a crossbow?
Hi dream
Dream:  SUBSCRIBE! Lots of uploads coming this year!   Reality: never uplods a single video after this
well by smelting 9 helmets into nuggets at least bad can still get some gold out of it    if he wasnt dead
E
Wait i why dream is in a leash is making me think really bad things
They aren’t posting much as they used to
is dream a pet
Why does  dream have a fishing hook in his head
Aaaahhh I'm shuck I can't say a word about the video
Dream looking the bad killing and he’s like O_O
Pin?
Last video on dreamshorts                                             JK
Is this channel official?
I already miss these
Day 4 of asking for y’all to do an airplane one with George and dream fighting
Hi dream can you do a other video with drista
I love this channell
Alright, i guess dream on a leash is normal now i guess.
I'm pretty sure the golden helmets are because Skeppy trolled Bad with them like 2 years ago
All the helmets are his old crowns.
Poor bbh
Me when i forgot that i still have Half damaged gold helmets in chest
EEHEEHHEHEHEHEHEHEAAAAAHAAHAHAHHAHAAHAHAHAHAHAHAHHAHAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
waiting
Dream!!!! U can come back??  I want more dream short
it’s the fact I’m learning about merchants in history class 😭
NEW VIDEO PLISSSS, IAM WAITING NEW VIDEO 😭😭😭
Rip Dream shorts
🔥
Anyone notice he had dream on a fishing rod lol
So nice to hear bad boy voice again😌
When new uploads?
The fishin rod is just in dreams head
I like how dream is just on a leash
DId he said people
Why not muffins
I Love how he fishes dream
there are so many questions to be asked, and none of them will ever be given
W a i t-       *is dream on leash*
Lol
When is next short
Dreammmmm, i very happy for your new manhunt video. But it's been a MONTH since you post this video. But it's still good cuz he dont do it in his main chanel. 🙃
Techmoblad
Why is dream on the lead? 😂
hearing technos voice again is just amazing
Where’s the next Dream Shorts vid
Is this channel official from the dream team?
IS Dream dead?
Y was Dream tied to Techno’s fishing rod
Dream shorts upload schedule has been dead so many timess!
no troling
I just realized dream is on a leash
Technos like yooooo I want my helmets back
سدد يا جماعه الاخوان 👐👐🤬👎👎👎
Tecno is using wood axe and he has a sword next to him
I like how this is a actual dream channel
Is dream on a leash-
Yo when’s da next upload
It’s concerning that dreams on a leash
lets buy the bells . bells bells bells bing bing bing . bells are always good
dream pls Make a new episode pls
Hmm y no new vid
yo...
I don't know why but BadBoyHalo's voice, atitude and skin reminds me of deadpool
Golden helmet.... gold- helm- *remembers summer of 2019, when bbh had a damaged golden helmet he cared for dearly*
Helmet
I need to point this out, I like how the Dream Shorts channel icon is literally a short Dream.
One golden helmet is worth one gold nugget, through smelting. Sooo... Probably not.
dream is a prosoner
I am surprised that he didnt get the bell
This was a very entertaining video
Technoblades yooooooo
When you can’t handle his strongest potions so you axe him to death in cold blood
When the New Manhunt video is coming ❤️👍
Pet dream XD
Wh-why is Dream on a leash
Pls post
I did not realise that I have watched all your shorts lol
lol
914
I m sorry dream i have a you skin in the mincraft mobile sorry 😔😔😔😔😔😔😔😔
yoooooooooooo
S You have to make more videos
MovieClips #45 DSMP Season 6 (Pandora's Vault Post Breakout Sequence) "Commiting Some -War- Crimes"
ded channel again
i mean technically he can melt them into golden nuggets.
dream the whole time 🧍‍♂️🧍‍♂️
Hello
This is a robbery lol
where are u!!!
Hello Dream !
I feel like there was a script, and this was not it.
Hey dream my birthday is coming up it’s on the September 17
Ok so the thing is you can smelt golden helmets into nuggets so each helmet= 1/9 of an ingot
Yoooooo
yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
That's probably all of his Skywars kills lol.
The name of the channel Dream shorts hau many acuell shorts is hawe 1 xd
I miss hearing techno’s voice lol
Is this a Dream reference?
Those golden helmets, are the helmets he got from the great potato war
Hey what about me :(
Ah yes, the negotiator
Look up pigs scientific name
this is the dumbest thing I’ve seen since lockdown started
Remember When This Channel Uploaded Everyday? Yeah, Me Too
now i'm glad i never changed my pfp
Hahaha dream is being held by a fishing rod!
**me just know relising dream is smaller in the pfp cuz its Dream Shorts**
Dream is on a leash lol
pog
Stonks
Dream slave xD
Wow he killed bad with a wooden axe he just got scammed
I tought the hair on the thumbnail is real bRuH
How much will you invite people to the smp
NO MUFFIN
The "Yoooooooo"
WHY IS DREAM ON A LEASH-
dream on a leash                                why
Why is Dream on a leash?
Dream on a leash what will he do
“yoooooooo”
yoooooooooo
why didn't this channel receive verification? it should've been cuz it reached over 100k subs
Are you dream
Yoooooooooo
I can't believe im watching my shadow clone's videos
Why isn't tommy here?
if you kill the seller can you take anything?  test it does work, you just have to escape the pigs
I remember the golden helmet which skeppy trolled him with few years ago
cannon
Gold > Netherite Poggg
Now I take back my gold
Yooooooooo
Yooo yooo  death!
Yay thecno is feeling better :D
:D
Bruh i thought my phone crack but its just the thumbnail
Dream very cool (*0*) ❤❤❤❤
tecno using the fishing rod as a lead to dream as a pet
:0
Yooo
yoooooooooooo
Bro I thought the fishing rod line was hair
So nice to see bbh dying XD
Am I the only one who thought of Will's ant farm video lol
lol
Ok
Now that’s what I call a good deal.
Hope he is okay
Dreams probably just there as a spare Mobile inventory to carry more golden helmets making max two inventories full of Golden helmets up for exchange
I cannot believe this
yoooo
yooooooooooooo
TECHNOSUPPORT
You kinda look like bob
This gave me memories when bbh will search thousands of chests for a golden helmet...
"Now on to the next merchant."
OMG Bad Tech and Dream But where George not found and Sapnap
Piglin has wares if you have coin
dont ruin the mob vote dream.
This is just a Minecraft robbery and homicide
Dream: I AM HOLDING A GOLDEN CARROT AND ALSO ON A LEASH SMH
What having a zombie/skeleton spawner feels like
So is Dream Techno's slave?
He didn't even use the sword
eyyyyooo
RDM RDM RDM
"yooooooo" *starts attacking him* "YOOOOOOOOO"
Dream the leash kid
Yaaaa just robe hem.
WOULD YOU LIKE SOME CRAM?
Aww
Yoooooooooo
Why is Dream connected to a fishing rod like a pet or something?!
Technosupport?
Legit thought the fishing rod wire was a hair on my phone LMAO
I think I know why It's a gold helmet
Why’d dream on a leash 😭💀
How do you have time to do dream shorts yet you dont even get time tp do manhunts. I want manhunt not shorts.
YouTube is believing this came out a week ago
I will probably never get over the fact that Dream is on a leash-
I like how every thing bad always happens to BBH the bean
Those are the helmet of 1.2 million pigs from skyblock
Pretty sure this is filmed after he got cancer
Poor dream lmaoo
Those don't stack how does he have so much space
XD
Yooooooooooooo
The lyrics "I am a dog under a log" hit differently now
1 😱
Wait dream has shorts?
Technocontent poooooooooog!
Good to see techno.:D
The merchant of Minecraft By Dream Shakespeare
I really thought there was a hair on my screen cus of the thumbnail
Techno’s yo is in lowercases and you can’t tell me otherwise
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ
?
Dream in a leash
I am commenting to get this video into the algorithm
Hi dream
I hate dream shorts man they should just do funny moments
Dream was techno's assistant that time
When you realise he had cancer during this
are we just gonna ignore dream being stabbed on the head by a fishing rod?…. 😳
I THOUGHT THAT WAS HAIR ON THE THUMBNAIL-
detroit in a nutshell
For a good minute i thought the golden helmets were an ommage to a troll that skeppy did on bbh when he stole his golden helmet from a item transfer test
dream
He didn't even take the bell, that is an imposter
Why is nobody talking about the thumbnail. WHY DREAM
Yoooooooooo
yoooooooooo yoooooooo says while he mugs the man
yoooooooooooo yooooooooooooooooooo
Dream why do you do this? I am not trying to hate i am just genuinely confused about the meaning of this channel
Yooooo
Bien
I thought the leash was my hair at first xD
Dream why do you always make sapnap the kid in every short film you make
Bad got scammed lol
man this was trash ngl
Is dream his pet?
STO-🔈
Yohhhhhhh
The amount of helmets smelted down wouldn't be enough gold for the full netherite set XD
why do like none of the top comments understand the reference-
At the end you can hear a creeper hiss
yooooooooooo
this is literally crack for kids......
what even is the dream shorts cinematic universe @-@
ffffffffffffff
0:40 - 0:42 BBH be like: ay ay ay ay ay y
You cod have in slave him then pay dimond = stoccsssss
The dnb shippers are shook right now
The fact he had cancer while doing this..
Mm
Why do i heard muffin boy say "belt" instead of "bell"
Thank goodness techo dint want a bell agian
Ə.
yooooooo ded
Ah i see dream has joined the collection of orphans in technoblade's basement
Hi
So basically the Wynncraft blacksmith
Me leaving my mob farm
Capitalist at its finest
Hi, Whoever is reading this, I just want to let you know that these past 2 years has not been great for everyone with the pandemic, so I just wanted to say, that I believe in you! Keep chasing your dreams!! No doubts here ^) Best wishes for you ❤️ from a small YouTuber  - Please don’t hate if you see my comments on other videos, I am just trying to Spread some love and encouragement!! :)-
“Skeppy give me my helmet!”
Why is dream on a leash?...
Hi bro
dream why is he on the fishing rod
When I watched this I got tears
Me watching peacefully: ...... *realizes dream is stuck to a fishing rod* O-O
Bad is really unlucky with his jobs  Edit:**Gives golden helmets When he have a golden crown 👑**
Atleast we know he was good before the cancer and he’s still a legend
SMH, he has netherite yet he kills Bad with a WOODEN axe. SMH, I know you have cancer and all, but at LEAST get an iron axe.      This is a joke.
Can someone please reply to this comment it’s the only way I can watch YouTube shorts idk why tho
Me to my Skyrim merchant after coming back with everyone's gear and weapons
yooooooooooo yoooooooooo
dream vibing on a leash 🤡❤️
What just vappens
He pay for the kill poooog
Dream just being on technos hook is just amazing
If you know some BBH lore... The right Golden helmet could get him to do almost anything...
*not* gonna question why Dream is on a lead..
"We dont kink shame"
o7 to The Blade, he will beat the disease, just like he beat BBH in this vid
Dream is a leash child confirmed.
Why you quit
YOOO! LOL
0:49 I hope this wasn't part of the script that would make it more funny-
Is this terminator?
Watch the chewing gum
Yes yes crumbs yes please
Orphan in hand
the man with cancer steals before he dies yes thats true i guess
Im surprised bad didnt use his sword on his back
ah, the negotiator
I DARE YOU TO PIN ME
technos voice is so comforting :)
Everyone: talking about how dream is on a leash Me: *That's a fishing rod*
🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺 *After TechnoBlade’s recent video*
Killing bad wasn’t even part of the script
YOOO 😂😂😂
696 dislikes kinda noice
mans had dream on a leash
Why is dream on a laesh
*then he goes to the next merchant and the loop starts over again...*
Dreams acting was on point! Callahan would be proud
Honestly taking this as Tales of the SMP masquerade lore in which Sir Billiam and Hubert were traveling in their early days.
Why is dream on a leash 💀
YOOOOO TECHNOCONTENT
WHY IS DREAM JUST THERE LMFAO
Bad at the beginning: HiIii!
Ooooohhhh new vids love mr bacon 🥓 as always✨✨⚡️⭐️
*TECHNOSUPPORT*
Ooohhh dweaamm
I thought he whould seel dream
Hey you, yeah you read my name
What happens 97.9% of the time when you made a new world and saw a village
Get well soon tecno!!!
JESUS LOVES YALL 💘💖❤💕💗💓💘💖❤💕💗💓💘💖❤💕💗💓💘💖❤💕💗
I love how they purposly mentioned the bells
I love that dream was there for absolutely no reason 😂
LMFAO THIS IS AN OLD SKEPPY REFERENCE IF YALL KNOW
I thought the fishing line was a hair on my screen and I kept trying to get it off
All of these xomments mist be feeling really stupid right now
Lol everything's happening and dream is getting pulled around with the fishing rod watching all of it
It's a reference to badboyhalo wanting his damaged golden helmet back on a minecraft server.
He’s got Dream on a leash oml
After watching cancer video, even during cancer, he tried so hard ;)
Pray For the Living legend
♥️TECHNOSUPPORT♥️
Sooooo funny
why is dream tied with a leash
helmet saga season 2??
e
:(
Dream is being forced to give all of his golden helmets              Noice
Has a new level of importance to me now...
Tecnoplane (:
What is dream doing?
Technosupport <3
😬 interesting to hear this after the reveal
Despite having cancer, he still manages to get the best 1.16 pvper onto a leash and casually steal a full set of netherite armor  Thanks for 1k likes, but how? It's just a dumb joke...
Am I the one that thought the fishing rod was a hair on my phone?
after seeing technos new video im fine with just this
Damn, all the comments about crumbs of technocontent hit different now after his latest video as this is being posted.
Hi
HOW COME I NEVER SAW THIS UNTIL NOW ?!!?
Just realized he recorded this with cancer I’m very sad now
Damn to think he did this with cancer…
i literally thought that there was hair on my phone
"We've got the finest weapons and armour."
Well technically 9 mostly damaged golden helmets = 1 ingot if you smelt them down...
The power of golden helmets be like:
pov* a guy with cancer is trying to buy stuff with golden helmets
Who is here after watching Technoblade’s newest video 😬
*Dream on a leash*
Epic
A whole 53 seconds on Technocontent. Dream, how you spoil us.
E
in real life you can melt them to make many gold bars but because its minecraft u can make 1 nugget
Dream there dog now dream there slave
Casual murder
The Merchant is big vibes 😁
Yoooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Meow
Ah yes the negotiator
I wouldn’t be suprised if the last part wasn’t supposed to happen.
Lol
This is what will happen when tecnoblade breaks out
Dweam
I am your biggest fan
why is dream on a leash-
y'all omg i just remembered this is a reference to skeppy trolling bad a long time ago by putting his broken golden helmet into a chest but there were like thousands of other chests
YoooooOoOoOoOoOoO!
Is dream leashed—
NEW MIC?!?!!
Rringobosezav  razavya Vs Dravycvus Vs Draveveer Vs Bobshupuipme Krass Vs Ringertarpe  bardden Vs Bnoraptited
Wait why is Dream on a leash?
When Badboyhalo has so many jobs in this channel that he can afford to respawn
Dreams cool
Dream is technos bag he holds all the helmets
i feel like a desperate dying animal trying to lick the desert floor
Man, a community post AND a short on a different person’s channel!? We’re being spoiled with all this TechnoContent
… I’m not so sure mostly damaged helmets is a fair trade
I get the reference
Dream's just on a leash
dog
I see the Sir Billiam is coming out with this one XD
I must say its a nice trade!
This is so sad
yooooooo
so thats how techonoblade got so stacked on the dream smp.
I don’t give a fuck about this, post on your main channel
What minecraft block do yall think tastes the best?
Hi
omg he talks
⛏️🗡️👍👍👍
TECHNOCONTENT
ok
Emotional Support Blob.
just realized dream is on a leash 😭
Why is dream on a leash ?
Yooooooo I:0 0:44
YOOOOOOOOOO!
?
content
love the fact that dream doesn't say a word and we straight up don't get an explanation for him being on a leash
What was dream’s purpose????
dream just casually on techno’s pole 💀
Yoooooooooo  Yoooooooooo
WAIT RIVALS CONTENT I JUST REALIZED. THANK YOU DREAM
also dream in a fishing hook what he gonna do? nothing apparently
hearing techno’s voice again that isn’t from one of his old videos or clips is SO good. i shall treasure this moment
yooo
He didn't take the bells
you're the best YouTuber I've ever met: 3
Can't wait for the animeted vid
technocontent in the form of a dream short let's gooooooo
oprhans...
I thought he was going to ask for all the bells!
Nerver give thenoblade power
Nice
Idk what is the worse helmet or reduction tickets
at least we all know he's alive :") the crumbs
I love how dream is on a leash
I wonder what dream is doing in the background...
This was a good watch.
sayyeller  -BBH
Description: "...helpful assistant."   Me: yeah Dweam on the rod 😂
Its so accurate that bads the mechant because of the sick red black clothing
ONE OF THE BEST DREAM SHORTS TILL DATE
Dream is just casually techno’s slave or something. Yeah XD
We want Minecraft Speedrunner vs 5 hunters FINALE.
*bells*
Gay
Why did techo even have to pay he could have made the orphans pay instead
Yooooooo
technocontent
Technoblade's interrogation tactics
why the hell is dream on a leash, like they didn't even explain anything about dream being there, lmao!
robbed
When he says "mostly damaged helmets" does that mean it's from all the ppl he's killed? 👀
That 1 kid whos way too rich
Yooooooooooo
Techoblade.
Fever dream be like:
:]
ahh yes the negotiator
Yooooooooooo
Technocontent
*"helpful assistant"*
Technocontent
Puppy Dream. Or... wait a second isn't that Dream for real?
😂🤣
WoW
yooooooooooooo
Dream lost a bet and now he's Techno's pet  what did I miss?
Why is Dream technos Pet
when they said gold i took my shoe off
num num num technocrumbs
dream can u make more SONGS plz~~~~!!!!!!!!!!!!
are you sure there is a merchant ?
TECHNOCONTENT
This happen after the duel, now it all meak seens
TECHNOCONTENT
The BELL is most expensive 😀😀😀😂
ok noob
saler
Hello
yooo
Dream just sitting back… on a leash… doesn’t say anything for the entire video… watches BadBoyHalo get brutally slaughtered.
*Yooooooooo Yoooooooooooooo*
WIN HE WAS KILLING BADBOYHALO I DIED
Not surprised Dream is the assistant 🤣
Dream, blink twice if you're okay
I WANT TO BUY A BELT!…...
Mostly damaged golden helmets, THAT LEFT ME CRYING!!
Te-technocontent
This reminds me of the badboyhalo golden helmet troll skeppy did
Do a bedwars shorts plssss dream
i knew dream was a leash kid probably an ankle biter too 😒
The reason he hasn't uploaded, he took so long to get to the store, and got dream on a leash on the way there.
dream say tagalog "tubig" or water
wait... so Techoblade ISN'T dead?
So this what happened now that they’ve broken out
Bells 😂
i hate this
"SaLior" -Bad
A sign of the gods  Tecno in a shorts
😂
Aa yes very nice video very nice
Wat da Dream doin?
Dream was the helpful assistant because he had a single mostly damaged golden helmet but I don’t thing that explains why he’s on a leash :|
Dream: Buddy I didn't do anything here have more Golden helmets. Keep the change. ;)
Thank you, For the Technocrumbs WAAA WE MISS HIM 😔
Hmmm.... dream tastes like green bananaananananananananannannanNanaananNnAnnanNnannanNannanNnann
I saw people talking about leash and  I watched again---I thought that was my hair on my screen.
Nice 👍🏻 Nice
TECHNOCONTEEEENT
yooooo
The happiness I'm feeling now from hearing this man's voice again after 2 months will keep me up for a year
Pet Dream
When i tell you that i screamed in my pillow when i heard this pigman's voice again, i did. Exactly 14 times.
TECHNOCONTENT I REPEAT TECHNOCONTENT IM SO PUMPED AURGHHH 😭🤛🏃‍♀️💨
Wait but..... you get (damaged) golden helmets from piglins.. right?
Someone explain why dream is on  fishing rod
what can I say, Pigs like their gold.
I think all of the golden helmets were technoblades broken crowns
LOL 😂
Badboyhalo's helmet heheh
oh yes, nearly 1 minute of TechnoContent, hmmmmm the crumbs, THE CRUMBS
I want a pet dream, I hope I don’t have to run after him when he tries to escape
Uh Uh Uh Is like dream dream the horse ?
Guys, I can't believe bad is dead!
Technocontent!! I'm salivating
I was thinking he would get the bell cuz that's his thing.
This short give me "waiting for Godot" vibe with lucky and pozzo This reference will be understood by nobody XD
Sin3c12 please make the animation
He's alive!
WAKE UP LOSER DREAM SHORT JUST UPLOAD
*technocontent finally*
Poor Bad
Dream is there for moral support
RIVALS CONTENT YEEEEEEE
YOOOOOOO TECHNOCONTENT
no one :  technoblad : "HE NEEDS SOME GOLDEN HELMETS"
Look whose back?? Back again??
I don't see the appeal of dream
dream is just there so it can be called dream shorts
I wonder how this will be animated...
yo is the helmets a reference to that time skeppy trolled bad right them
this left me more confused than when i started watching
Technocontent
"I love it how Dream is on a leash like he is Techno's dog."
Yoooooo
Pls can I get all the references
Killed by his own wares.
Never let ya self get robbed -sunzu
dreams just on a leash
I’m surprised there weren’t more bell jokes. Also I would say this is Dream SMP cannon if Bad was wearing his corrupted skin (or a skin that is unrelated to his character).
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO >:D - he killed him
this is awful
...TECHNOCONTENTTTTT
is it ok to ask why is dream on a leash
Where- Where did the golden helmets go?
You've been mugged
😐
oh nO, we’re tiEd uP
POG
the dreamsexuals liked this
B.C. and A.D. are timemarks everyone uses. Christ is the one and only Lord and Savior. No peace without repentance and resurrection.
Yoooooooo
Dream the discord kitten
yoooooooooooo
now we know, when he hasn’t been uploading, he’s been techno’s pet
pls the cRUMBSSSSSS
I love how the fact that Dream is on a leash is not even remotely addressed 
Ah yes, the negotiator
Wait so all it took to stop dream from killing everybody on the smp is a fishing rod?????
Why do I feel like I know where he  got all of his helmeteds from
Ate a lemon while watching this  Life is good 😊
w-why is Dream on a leash-
my birthday is after 3 days
The reason dream is on a leash is so that he has constant clout
Wow I love your Manhunts
THANKYOU DREAM FOR THE TECHNOCONTENT
YeeeoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoooooh
I do not get it
The legend has returned
This is animal(dream) torture
This is perfection
Techo millionaires are content starved. We needed this.
Technos pet Dream on a leash
Canon: dream is technoblades pet
DREAMS ON A LEAD💀💀
Dream the whole time: 🧍🏼
and everyone is talking about dream even tho he didn’t even say anything… that’s the youtube comment section for you
S to the L To the A To the V -
Techno's gold is practically potatoes.  Dream's there as his walking wallet and gold and golden helmet bank supply---
Ahh yes...  Green blob is *S L A V E*
Dream is Techno's slave i guess.. I can't think of anything normal :D
Does anyone realise that Bad is always the guy who's behind the counter selling stuff
Y is dream leashed is my one question
Why is Dream on a leash-
OKAY😎
This is what it's going to be like when they escape prison
is the golden helmet an og badboyhalo reference..
Why bad is always shopkeeper?
so this is our monthly content
That's a murder and a scam
Best Trade
THE PERFECT MERCHANT
Potatos
I love how the fact that Dream is on a leash is not even remotely addressed 
Robbed lol
Ok
BUT WHY IS HE ON A LEASH. WE NEED ANSWERSSSSS
The golden helmet thing is for true mcyt veterans
What the hell Dream why are you on a leash I-
where is the funny
Dream is luke a pet and butler
Yooo technocontent
I love how the fact that Dream is on a leash is not even remotely addressed 😂
I love how the fact techo just sucks
Capitalism ladies and gentlemen
so nice to hear techno's voice again
yesss
I love that there is absolutely no context to the 'Dream is on a leash' thing
dream on a leash, as he lost the duel and is a slave now... (to be continued)
YOOOOOOOOOOO
Anyone out there, the gold helmets are a reference to when Skeppy trolled Baldboyhalo by taking Bald's gold helmet
Plot twist: these helmets are actually MCC crowns
See? The prison bonding is working. XD
Is that a reference to skeppys video on bads helmet
Techno's fans after not getting upload for months: *This is a blessing from the God*
The hell is this
0:09 I love how as soon he mentioned the elytra dream backed away because in the dream smp  end is disabled xd
aah yes, T E C H N O C O N T E N T
Ik the story why bbh likes damaged golden helmet.
Nice short Dream.
Mule dream
Dream go and break that obsidian in prison. Don't waste time
That monotone 'yo' as he's killing Bad had me rolling.
Hi
Ahh, so this is what happened after the duel...
sugardaddyblade 👹👹👹
hm
Absolutely brilliant! This has to be one of the best shorts.
Wayt batvoyhalo
#17 ON TRENDING
#17 ON TENDING
What happened to Phil's episode
TECHNOCONTENT
I thought a hair was on my screen
Why is Dream on a leash—
Man has tons of gold helmets
Who want 1v6 Video Of Dream ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️😂😂😁😁❤️❤️😂❤️😂❤️
I was expecting him to take the bell and leave
I guess we now know dream is confirmed to be into leashes…
dream?-
Dream on his dog arc
gang shi
Wait Dream is on a leash why? Is he Technos dog?
Dreams technos dog why is this not being addressed more
The fact that the description describes dream as a HELPFUL ASSISTANT......
Can someone explain this thing to me please?
R I P DREAM 😂😂
It took me 3 rewatches and like 6 different ig posts to realize that dream is on a leash lol
yoooo
GOOOOOOOOOLLLLLLLLDDD.
is dream a leash kid
Why is dream even there-
Im here to comment on the lack of taste you guys have ☺️
no what why did he just kill him wtf 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
TECHNOCONTENT LESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSGO
and no ones gonna help bbh?? wow some world we live in 🙄
I love how dream is just there
My dorm-mate is sleeping and I’m inhaling through my nose.
Haha 😐😐😐
Mostly damaged golden helmets sounds like the Minecraft equivalent of paying entirely in pennies, especially when you consider that you can smelt them into nuggets.
Yo mans was just emptying his piglin  farm
I always like dream meme
YOOOOOOOOO.  A wise man once said
Wow a dream short bids with dream. Super cool
The white eyed merchant
is dream supposed to be a pet
i always knew deep down dream was a leash kid..
0:04 i thought that was a piece of hair on my screen...
Thumbnail made me think I got a hair on my screen. SMH
dream is just there
Bro this is what’s going to happen if they escape
TECHNOCONTENT WOOOOO
a wise man once said     NO WITNESSES!!!
stonks when the videos come back
Those golden helmets are from all the kings he killed
Lol
Ooo look free stuff”
Well um these are starting to become concerning
This is the Minecraft version of getting a loan and buying the bank🏦
I was kind of expecting to hear a "Hello kind stranger"
bladers STREAM🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
TECHNOCONTENT!!!!!!!!!!
i love how bad said that bells were a best-seller
guys he's alive
TECHNOCONTENT!!! YOOO POGGG
"Yooo" casually commits murder.
The most powerful assistant ever
Why is dream on a rod though?
TECHNOCONTENT FINALLY IT HAS BEEN 1793 YEARS
Lol
Golden helmets?Damaged?? FEELS familliar
freak on a leash
LLLOLL
Plot twist: Dream accidentally shift click and crafted soo many helments
im starving thank you dream
Why is dream hooked on fishing rod
baldboyhalo is a muffin
i appreciate the reference to bad’s gold helmet from munchy in those old skeppy videos
The Teletubby and The Potato Boy
I had to watch this even though I'm in school.
The ultimate crossover since infinity war
Pfff
those golden helmets were from technoblade's victims
Content.
Yoooooooooooo
Dream is dog?
CRUMBS
He just rely wanted his golden helmets back yk
Dream just wanted to be a fan favourite with this video
Pog
Can I get pinned
Technocontent!!!
Thank you for the technocrumbs
Why didn't you just kill him in the first place?
This is nothing compared to Techno’s hypixel wealth
Oh no
And he even got all the golden helmets back
You motivate me to make videos thank you
poor bad, he's always being bullied
TECHNOCONTENT
Pls give me a shoutout it will be my dream
IT'S OUR CRUMB OF TECHNOCONTENT
those "mostly" damaged golden helmets were his crowns
The hair on the thumbnail 💀
now why the hell is dream on a leash
dream is a leash kid confirmed
Why doesnt anyone mention the single hair in the thumbnail
“Give too many golden helmets and stab the shopkeeper” Sun Tzu- The Art of War
That monotone 'yo' as he's killing Bad had me rolling.
I love how the fact that Dream is on a leash is not even remotely addressed 😂
yooooooooooooo
Dream's speech was motivating
Did he buy dream to go and do speed errands for him
lol
"yoooooo"
For every nine golden helmets that you smelled you get one gold ingot
TECHNOCONTENT
TECHNOCONTENT
Dream is bad prove me wrong.
Why do you put a hair on your thumbnail....
C R U M B S
A pretty popular saler
GIRL WHY IS DREAM ON A LEASH NOT EVEN ADDRESSED HERE
I love how Dream is completely irrelevant to the storyline and is just there because it’s his channel lol
YOOOOOOOOOOOO TECHNOCONTENT
Badboyhalo: Hello how can I help you? 30 seconds later… Badboyhalo: WHAT ARE YOU DOING, STOP WAIT PLEASE proceeds to be hacked to death.
I just wanna know the thoughts process behind this lmao
Wait… the golden helmet MEME OMG
Oh my god it's Korn reference  Dream On a Leash
why is dream on a leash XD
What is Dreams relevance in this. I need to know.
I'm surprised he didnt just take the bells-
He has a good piglin farm
I just love how Dream has Technoblade's fishing hook in his mouth the whole time
technocontent xd
Canon
I got the notification and read "The mechanic" and got trainwreck podcast flashbacks
wondered why DREAM did not speak.....???????? this was an interesting short.....look forward to seeing the next issue
I am falling asleep to this. I need techno's voice
Slapped in dream on a leash just for some extra spice 😂
Only the ogs remember bad's special golden helmet
Sam: fine you are both free to go... although you have to keep an eye on dream, so use this i guess *gives fishing rod* *not even one hour outside of the prison*:
WHY IS DREAM ON A LEASH THIS LOOKS SO WRONG OUT OF CONTEXT
I'm crying at hearing Technoblade's voice. Also why is dream on a leash, we may never know.
And this, kids is how economy works...
Why is Dream attached to Techno's fishing rod? 😂
Thats what he does with all the crap that isnt pearls
I don’t get this video there are supposed to be Potatoes
Love how dream is being fished the entire time
LOL
Sto--
Why is dream on a leash lol
Is it a helpful assistant, or slave.
dream was on a fishing line ? 😀
I thought it was going to be a joke about getting a bell like when DreamXD granted him one wish
Super
Dream = guard dog
Lol
Bells more like balls haha
Is Dream his pet?
Is dream a slave or sum 🥲
I'm confused but not surprised
Lol why’s Dream on a leash
TECHNOCONTENT!
Dream is a slave  confirmed
dogboy dream confirmed
I love how Dream shorts, profile pic is just Dream's OC but shorter
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO!
THIS WAS MADE AT MIDNIGHT????
These are gold
Finally a upload
Nice
Yoooooo
HES NOT DEAD!!!!!
I thought he would buy the bell, no netherite set
“Assistant” Yeah, he’s on a leash, I don’t think he’s there willingfully.
Fun Fact: Santa Pig and His Green Elf
It's #14 on trending....goes to show that Technoblade's popularity never dies
WHY IS THERE A FISHING ROD IMPACTED INTO DREAMS SKULL 💀
their back
Outer banks where u at?
Rip to the people that dont get the golden helmet joke i thought people would know
Ah yes give badboyhalo a golden helmet that he tested on muchymc for anything
Ahh, so this is what happened after the duel...
Dream is just standing there lol
Isn’t this video a reference from when skeppy trolled bbh by taking bbh’s damaged golem helmet? The damaged golden helmet was from bbh’s friend that no longer played Mc. Skeppy made 2 videos of the damaged golden helmet, and the videos were about skeppy taking the helmet and hiding it in chests. Correct if I’m wrong please, but I 100% this video is a reference to the golden helmet videos from skeppy.
Umm…. Dream?
yoooooooooooooooooooòooooooo
CRUMBS OF CONTENT
Lol too hilarious
Who loves how random and funny this channel is😂😂
Why is dream on a leash
So dream became his bitch after the fight lol
I like how the fishing rod is stuck to Dream’s face like he was hooked by his nose (if that’s where his nose is 😂)
Ok
DREAM IS STUPID AND DUMB STAY MAD DREAM STANS
DREAM IS STUPID AND DUMB STAY MAD DREAM STANS
DREAM IS STUPID AND DUMB STAY MAD DREAM STANS
Dream having him on a fishing rod
Keep it up
i feel badboyhalo
so thats what techno's been doin
goooOoOOooOld
Do a video about world domination
Why is dream on a leash? Hello?
why is techno's voice crystal clear?? WAIT--
Hello technotwt HE'S ALIVEEEE
The CRUMBS
leash kid
they couldn’t figure out how to include dream in the short so they put him on a leash 😭
I thought the fishing rod was a hair on my screen when I saw the thumbnail. 🥲
TY DREAM HES BACK
yooooooooooo
Dream has become Floof
Dream
hi can dream make a video abt me please
bruh
The blade
“YoOoOOOoOOoOOoOOOo”
4.1k comment and late.
HEHE
Crumbs Crumbs Crumbs TechnoCrumbs Technocrumbs!
Yooooooooo 0:43
i thought he was gonna buy the bell
Dream u are the best player in the world
I thought Bad would sell some of his muffins
Yooooo
………..
Trending!!!
Hes alive boys
Poor bad
Dream is the unpaid intern that Bo Burnham sings about in the funny
I was fine but now I heard his voice and I miss him
Why is bad always the worker?
YOOO TECHNOCONTENT
I just realized that those are the golden helmets of the piglins he’s killed
p o t a t o
_Dream on a leash, what will he do?_
Hello
Dream knows that uploading this is like throwing meat into a tank of hungry piranhas
Bruhhhh
CRUUUUUUMS
The monotone "yooo" is very accurate(also dream on a leash)
b l o o p
Dream being a pet of a living pig. 😂Hilarious.
Dream is just in the video chillin
They've done it guys. They've escaped prison. Now they are off with their first kill.
Oh god what happened to Dream
Random thing: I thought the fishing rod line was a hair on my screen I was so confused lmao
69k likes
Why is no one talking about the bells being a popular item
We all thought he was gonna spend it all on the bells didnt we
still confused why dream was on a leash...
I thought there was a hair on my screen 🙄
That is why merchants are mostly npcs in games
“Yoooooooo” “yOOOOOOOO”
dream was enjoying it!
That’s so true
They took all the stuff
I love that he is holding dream with a rod and no one talks about it.
merchant
When I've seen this rode I was sure he's gonna offer Dream in exchange for the goods
"So what happend?"  "I give him my golden helmet"  "Oh"  "And killed him"  *"Ohhhh. . ."*
The way bad is always the guy who's selling something
Ah, so this is what he’s been doing for the past 2 months
technocontent!!!!!
Yoooooooooo💯💯💯💯
Dam
TECHNOCONTENT
THE ONLY TECHNOCONTENT IN MONTHS
Wait there was BELLS
Dream is just on a rod lol
Hi dream im from phillipines do you love phillipines
Dream just casually standing there with a fishing rod in his head
dog boy dream..........
I thought he was gonna get the bell
Dream is on a leash, because as Hypixel has taught us. Slavery is the answer to everything
leashed up dream is just there for flavor
Dream watching like: bro you told me you had a few-
Brings back memories
i havent heard his voice in so long
When u realised that the fishing rod string is not your hair strand
He's still Alive !!! Bless the Blood Gods
GET SCAMMED NERD!
I mean what else do you after you buy things? You takeover!
HES BACK
I knew Dream was a leash kid... XD
like the video to stop bbh violence
why is dream on a leash
is dream like technos dog?? LOL
Love how the fishing rod is on dream💀
technocontent
dude, i cant belive it, techno's alive
Ok this is a hit and run
He didn’t ring the bell
Why is there a Hair on the thumbnail, it got me way too good
I guess tango has a pet lol
Ahhh, he’s alive. That’s good 😂
The description listing Dream as "his helpful assistant..." I'm dying
I’m watching this to cope
Why is Dream leashed   Is he Techno’s pet??
According to Dream, he's Technoblade's assistant
It’s calming to hear techno’s voice
Is this lore
Dream on a leash is the best part.
So I read the description is Dream really an "assistant" or a pet?
Wait why was Dream even there
RIVALSDUO CRUMBS
I didn't know orphans wore Helmets... the more you know I guess
Why- why was Dream… I-
I am happy and sooo confused rn
Why is dream on a leash 🥖
I'VE MISSED HIM       what's the deal with his voice Have i missed him that much?
"When you know the enemy falls for gold thats when you buy him with it to then get back your gold" - Sun Tzu The Art of War
hold on dreams on a leash-       *w o t*
Im so happy (,:
Why there is a fishing rod on dream sus
why he got his own pet Dream
Dream on a leash What will he do
Technocontent
Is this technocontent?
I love this short vid😁💚
Ya dream shorts season 2
you’re telling me he didn’t go for the bell?! :0 shocking
Nor the first one neither the last one 😂😂😂
0:13 “ That’s a very popular *sale-er* “
Is this Rivals crumbs???????
im a simple man. i see pig man, i click.
So many golden helmets
😂 this is Hilarious
Lol!!!!
wait a second, is this the opposite piglin trade? you give them gold, then kill them when you are done with them.
yoooooooooooooooo
TECHNOCONTENT POG
TECHNOCONTENT
THE CRUMBS
lol
is this lore
Why is green boi on a leash? dog moment
I love these
Dream’s on a leash because he just got out of prison and can’t be trusted to be on his own quite yet
*dream just there leashed and not saying anything*
ı am cruhs
DREAM
I’m dream in a leash I’m not tubbo  But I’m clOse
You have a whole vid about yourself on yhe film theory
You should ve made this with tommy,after all hes a scamer
I hate the fact Technos fishing rod attached to dream looks like a hair on my screen
Finally....... Technocontent
Damaged gold helmets for a netherite set seems legit
What are u doing st-
That is for hot much times he win in potato wars.
Something tells me if selling the gold does not work, selling dream was going to be the plan B.
YESSSS TECHNOCONTENT
Badboyhalo has Vietnam flashback from Georgenotfound in the super market
If he killed Bad sooner he could've gotten everything for 0 damaged golden helmets!
I want a pet blob too
I just like dream in the background
Nice
tecno: not only i bought your store  now i want to buy your soul!
When dream was born he kissed his mom and he taught his family to mlg all they way back home
Lol number 32 on trending
CRUMBS
I feel like this has something to do with the troll sleepy did with bads damaged golden helmet years ago
the real question is why is dream on a leash
ah yes... the negotiator
From baby zombies! I think-
GUYS TECHNOS MIC SOUNDS DIFFERENT  HAS THE DAY FINALLY CAME??
At long last, thechnocontent
Dream is now a slave
Dream is technoblade's pet clearly
Its so good to hear him again
The blade has hopefully returned. The universe is in balance once more.
So this is how to do business, *takes notes
t e c h n o c o n t e n t
y is dream in a leash
1 gold armor is 1 golden nugget, rip bad
Those are the helmets he took from orphans.
HE’S ALIVE
Dang, Techno's basically recycling. He's using the armor of his enemies as a currency.
Oh wow dreamnoblade
Hahah why is dream attached to tecno lol
Is Dream his pet?😂
Dark wear's?
The fact that Dream is like his pet on the fishing pole 🥲
so why is dream on a leash in this? i’m not surprised just curious
Why is Dream on a leash
Why did dream just not say anything, and just stood there with a fishing rod in his head?
Stonks
Dream got rod comboed
The fact he has dream on a fishing rod XD
I thought the fishing rod line was a hair on my screen 😭🤚
The slight, unacknowledged surrealism of all these shorts is peak comedy
Technoblade’s “yoooo” after getting netherite armor and killing BadBoyHalo is comedy *GOLD* if you ask me…  get it? because he paid….with..  never mind
Poor bad boyhalo
yooooooooo
this is great but why is dream just. on a leash
yooooooooooooooo
This is why you don't sell people the means to immediately rob you. At least get security guards if you do.
Why is dream on a leash
thank god it wasn't bird
… this solve all of life’s problems! LOOK OUT WORK HERE I COME!
Technocontent  finally
Ah yes, the negotiator...
I thought he was gonna sell dream
TECHNOCONTENT
Then he took over the store and made lots of potatoes.
This is why gta gamers say being merchant is the most dangerous job ever
JSJSKSKS
BadBoySeller
I understand everything else, but what was the thought process behind putting Dream on a leash?
Yoo finally new video :D
Just smelt the helmets into nuggets
I feel like a man that's been lost in the desert without water for months and has finally found some water, I missed Techno's voice so much
:O
I need to see this animated....
I thought the leash on dream was a hair on my screen and it wouldn’t come off
SUSSY AMOGUS!!!!1111
So confused about the fishing rod/leash? Blob pet? Is that what's going on there, haha.
Does he sell merch?
WE WON'T STARVE ANYMORE! TECHNOCONTENT
in the thumbnail i thought there was a hair on my screen
Thank you dream just thank you
Let’s go there back
there back 🥺
i love how dream saw a murder  lol
thats how capitalism works
Whoever gets the mostly-damaged golden helmet reference is a legend
Wtf is Dream doing on a leash?
T e c h n o c r u m b s
im a simple person i see pig man, i click.
The first time hearing tecno's voice 2 months lmao
“Yooooooo” while Dream just watching
When the last thing you hear before your death is 'YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOH'
I knocked my cup when i saw this LOL,  and TECHNOCONTENT!!!!
Dream: ._.
dream is techno's pet
O: The blood lord is here
That’s when bad knew, he fucked up-
Claim your “I love Dream shorts forever” ticket here.
He smelted them down for gold
The fact that people enjoy the dream smp is weird
OP
Everything is free now 😌
why is Dream Tecnoblades slave lol
This is like using all your spare change to buy a switch in store lol
Does anyone realize that they are referencing the Skeppy video where Skeppy steals Bad’s helmet
Everyone thought that the Teletubby would get a pig as a pet  But this time the pig got a Teletubby as a pet
Pig commits robbery and kills a homeless man in the process
why is he giving him helmets
Where is techno’s video every month or so
*My dreamnoblade sense are tingling*
XDXDXDXDXDXDXDXD This is SO accurate!!!
Lol remember when skeppy took bbh mostly damaged helmet
Guys, guys, he wouldn’t sell potatoes as his entire wealth   He’d sell flaming hot potato books, I’m sure that’s all he has lol.
Imagine them discussing these like pitch meetings
There better be another short explaining why dream is on a leash
Um-
Technocontent
Yooooooooooo
Call an ambulance call an ambulance  *takes out axe*  But not for me
TECHNOCONTENT
Dream can u pls make a new video on your dream channel we wanna see ur skill pls make a new vid
Yooooooo
Potato crown reference?
He was sold when he said bells
are we casually ignoring the fact that dream is on a lead
He spent all his gold on llamas
in the first 5 seconds I actually noticed that dream was stuck on technos fishing hook
this is great ahaaa
Can we pay attention to the Dream on a lead?
Unrealistic, he would ave stolen the bell first like cmon
technocontent
TECHNOCONTENT
They should make behind the scenes videos for these with like bloopers and stuff
Lol dream is a hostage
The techo subreddit at this moment:  AAAAAAAAAAHHHH
why is dream on a mf leash excuse
Finally technocontent
The lead connecting to Dream as Techno’s llama is amazing XD
I kept thinking there was a hair on my screen cause of the black line ,,
Hello
Okay i can’t be the only one who thought there was a hair on my screen at 0:24
A blessing from the Lord!
OoOOOooooOooo YooooooooOooooooOoo
Wow(wow)
dream  dogboy confirmed?
classic blade
he should of taken the bell
The way bad is so betrayed like dude who is sad about him??
hes alive thank God
TECHNOCONTENT FINALLY. WE CRAVE IT
Once someone said : *YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*
Your videos and shorts all ways makes my day and bring a smile on my face
I love Techno's yoooooooo
Just noticed that dream is on a leash 😳
Ok the fact that dream is on a leash is great but I think it's even funnier that its coming straight out of his face
I really read the title as the manhunt
Stonks.
Technos new dog dream
Casually has dream on a fishing rod
Dream just being there attached to the fishing rod is pure comedy, but I am concerned about the type of fanart this may birth.
Hehe lmao
yooooooooooo
The retail industry is brutal
yooooooooo
i love how dream is just standing there like 👁👄👁
Surprised he didn't go for the bell
TECHNOCONTENT
bladers STREAM!!!!!
Why is dream on a leash? XD
The piglin wanted he’s gold back 😂
Nice video dream
Yooooooo
Badboyhalo: *This is the worst trade deal in history, maybe ever*
YOOOOO
Had to get the crits
Just realized Bbh is like Larry from the amazing world of Gumball. Working every job like- 👀💀
A reason why I think teachno will not be in hermitcraft
Yoooo *Casually Commits Homicide* yoooo
This man has not uploaded in 56 days. We live off crumbs.
OMG he didn’t forget his YouTube password
omg is this like a reference to bbh's old golden helmet?
I’m surprised he didn’t take the bell to get members
So Sam Took a day off And those two already found a way out
He has enough time to be in dream's shorts but not enough time to update what happened in the prison
He should have put a helmet on if he didn‘t want to be murdered then….
？？？
WHY IS DREAM ON A LEASH
TECHNOCONTENT
This is so funny
Dream: *Spectator mode*
A through back from the golden helmet days with skeppy
Dream: probably acting as a pet as we can't leash players   But why 0.0
Me sitting here wondering why he didn’t take the bell
TECHNOCONTENT
😂
oh yes, nearly 1 minute of TechnoContent, hmmmmm the crumbs, THE CRUMBS
No dialogue for dweammmm
Why is dream on a leash
So everybody's going to ignore that dreams on a fishing rod...
who is that pig guy? i havent seen him on yt for SO LONG D:
**Politely scams and murders a merchant*
lol bad should have been wearing a gold helmet too Also why was dream on the fishing hook?
Plot twist: this was techno's grind in the SMP to get all those netherite gears.
puppy dog dream
BBH: "hi I'm selling uh a bunch of different wares"   also BBH: "well we have full netherite sets, some elytras, we we got *bells* "  oh good i was looking to wear a *bell* into battle
Dream do robocop
All right guys so they confirmed dream smp is sooon
Is dream the hostage?
Him 😩
doin some business
Bad needs some merch where dream is in a shirt and he has a muffin head lol thatd be funny id totally buy one
Step 1: Buy the weapon Step 2: use the weapon Step 3: Yooooooooooo
I love your videos
Cool
hes taking dream on a walk
ste-
Im kinda surprised that he didn’t want the bells xD
I'm surprised he didn't go for the bell and sell out ngl
Anyone noticed that Techno’s rods is going through dream’s HEAD
why is dream on a leash lmao
Yoooooooooooo yoooooooooooo Technos voice is like just…
BUT DREAM WTF AGAGAHAHAHGAHAAHS
What
Well that’s why he’s a War criminal
lol
yooo they broke out da prison
2At
"Yooooooooooooooooooooo"
"What'r ya buyin?"
Next time kill of the bat
THE CRUMBSSS
Hahahaha🤣
golden helmet from an old friend on munchymc who doesnt play Minecraft anymore :')  Ah these memories
The yoooooooo gets me every time
TECHNOCONTENT TECHNOCONTENT
The fishing Rod in dreams mind
LMAOOO
Mostly damaged gold helmets are truly valuable  'One mans trash is another man's treasure' - Sun Tzu, the art of war
The real question is why is Dream hooked by a fishing rod the whole time?
Not Dream on a leash
YoooOoOOOOOOOoOoOOO
Owo
Just- Why Dream was on a leash ??
Dream did a good job standing there and looking… green
👁👁
Hiya
that’s what the point of the mask is 🥺
Robbery.
dream can you give me your server ip please
The best way to get the goodies AND keep the money
No videos for months and he shows up here.
I just noticed dream is trapped on techno's fishing pole like a cow lol.
So this is what he has been doing
BadooyHaOl :>                                           Why are you still                                                          BadDoHalo
so... is no one gonna ask why is Dream in a fishing rod?
Not gonna lie, I actually thought he was gonna get the bell-
Is dream his dog?
Dream the slave
thank you for this, a blessing from the God T.T <3
Can someone tell Dream he's muted
Confirmed. Techno's a top Dream's a bottom
ooooh
TECNOOO CONTENT !!
step one: confuse your opponent step two: steal step three: kill them step four: congratulations
new menhant
It's made 4 hours ago
Is dream on a leash??????
At least bad had keep inventory on lmfao
TECHNOCONTENT
CRUMBS
Wait I'm still subscribed to this channel? Shot!
If Dream is not capturted in a fishing rod then he will speedrun.
Minecraft, but Dream is a dog
we just ignoring dream on the leash? alright
Dream when's the next manhunt ?
E
This is funny
Poor Bad.
Lol the yoooooooooo
TECHNOCONTENT  EAT THE CRUMBS OF CONTENT
i love the (yooooooooooooooooooooo)
TECHNOCONTENT
This is exactly what happened after they escaped the prison, and that is why dream was on a fishing rod
The syndicate leader needed new clean armor
The fact that I giggled and jump in my bed for hearing a pigs voice again truly proves my life is utterly boring
Hi👋!!!!!!
.
his deep voice is always a joy to hear uwu
We not gonna mention the fact dream is on a leash
CRUMBS
finally got dogboy dream content
In most of the videos Badboyhalo is the salesman Who Agrees?
I am so confused
TECHNOCONTENTTT
wow our technoade content for the month is great
Is dream techno’s pet or something what the heck is that fishing rod positioning// dogboy dream agenda
F what bad
4 hours
Oh god, is Dream the victim in this one XDD
Why is dream on a leash
only og skeppy watchers will get the "golden helmet mostly damaged"
He paid and killed
Ah yes the negotiator
Is this technocontent?
Rivals content!
When my streamer is alive 😻😻😻
I appreciate the technocrumb
Te...ch..techn...o c-c..c...cont...conten...t
Poor Bad :<
ah he uploads once again
Yes finally another videooooooo
He didn’t even need the armor to kill him lol
Almost at 2 millionnnn yusssss
Did I miss a chapter? Why is Dream on a… leash?
no but why is dream on a leash
Finally dream remembered that he has this channel tooo
Cool❤️❤️
So we're never gonna know why Dream was on a fucking leash huh? Yeah ok- I should've expected that honestly
Why was dream on a fishing line
I forgot this existed
I like the way that in that techno's fishing rod is going to dream's head
Wonder when we'll get a reveal of Dream's actual shorts
Bruh why'd you leak Dream and Technoblade's escape :/
YOOOOOOO MY OINK OINK
Flash backs to Wilburs ant farm
THANK YOU FOR PROVIDING TECHNOCONTENT
Technocrumbs
TECHNOCONTENY
initially I thought it was gonna be the bell
I thought he would buy the bell.
Dream, blink twice if you need help
Free stuff
Technoblade's alive, Thank you Dream.
Bad the muffin merchant
Give money take stuff take money back leave (advance stealing tactics)
I am here for the crumbs
I missed him so much ;-; Thank you Dream!
everything is now right in the world
TECHNOCONTENT POG
TECHNOCONTENTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTTt
YES FINALLY SOME TECHO BLADE CONTENT.....
Oop
Plot twist: He got the golden helmets in the same way.
are they just going to ignore Dream on a fishing rod...?
Is Dream his slave???
TECHO CONTENT
First technocontent in months, we take those.
I guess you forgot to make portrayed
I'm drawing the bladeee until he noticessss so show ur boy some support
Woah
Why is Dream on a leash
BANANA
Is dream ok? He has a hook in his head
I was like y r u posting vids at three in the morning but it must just be ur sleep schedule bc of George
Bruh is dream a slave here
YoOoOoO is the best
Dream, blink twice if you need help
TECHNOCONTENT!!!
King Tecno with dream as his pet I think
thanks for the crumbs
Instructions unclear: im now in prison with my arm cut off
Ayo why dream on a leash ahahahha
C R U M B S
This maybe a sign that a lore will happen in few days? Right?
is this the only tecno content we getting ?.... thanks dream
stonks
Back
YoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOoOo
Dream post a another vid on your classic channel
The fishing rod in dreams head tho-
Scams in minecraft be like:
Hello :D
I thought the fishing rod was a piece of hair
ااعب ابسيسبسيد رسان
why is dream on a leash?? 💀💀
Dream: "🧍‍♂️😶"
Ummm it's weird but who else thought the string from dream's fishing rod was a hair in ur screen 🤣🤣
“Give too many golden helmets and stab the shopkeeper” Sun Tzu- The Art of War   Edit: LARGE THANKS FOR LIKES Edit2: I was forced to do this from a anonymous source from BS wiki…….. DREAM FANS MORE LIKE DREAM SIIMMMPS
TECHNOCONTENT
When he said "yoooo" I felt that
dream just chilling as a slave to techo  dream pov: this is my life now
The blade will be back
The only issue I see with this is that he didn't take the bells
Is this a skyrim meme? AND TECHNOCONTENT
Dream shorts are canon. HAHAHAHAHAHA
TechnoContent!!!
I love how the fact that Dream is on a leash is not even remotely addressed 😂
HES ALIVEEEEE
TECHNOCONTENT
yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
So the blade is alive
Oh no bbh deeeed oooo
thank you for the technocrumbs
Hes practising escsping prison, no need to worry!
TECHNOCONTENT
What just happened?  Why is dream on a fishing rod? Why do they only have damaged golden helmets? Why did he rob BBH?
I like how dream just stood there and doing nothing
0:11 "we have bells"  dream: oh my gosh not again plz
I miss the blade. And is Dream Techno’s pet????
He was so powerful the acievement did nit show up witch means HE ALREADY GOT A FYLL SET OF NETHERITE
He didn’t want waste his potato’s bc potato’s are more wealthy then netherwrite
Cool
Vool
HALLELUJAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Dream do you remember me yosef from among us
omg hes ALIVE
Hey, at least he payed him first.
What the heck... I was waiting for months to see the worst video in the world
Yooooooooooooooo
Hiiiii
profit
Why is dream on a leash?
Technocontent
stonks
Lol
Dream on a leash like the good boy he is🤗
Um
Low durability golden helmet my beloved
︎
Dream on a leash what will he do
ah yess. another valuable lesson for mr. Blade. *Always pay before you rob*
Haha.
Clay click on this comment
Did someone notice the thumbnail has fishing rod wire that looks like a hair 😂😂😂🤣
Dream is hes pet lol
Thank you Dream
i think when dream doesnt upload for a while he's probably making so many shorts, and when he runs out of shorts he doesnt upload for like a month or so and comes out with a ton of more shorts
TECHNOCONTENNNNNTTRR
The dream shorts providing the TECHNOCONTENT
dream was like: 🧑‍🦯
Technocontent crumbs *Delicious*
Happy RakshaBandhan!
That Moment when you relise that dream is making Videos on his "short" acc and just let his full acc stay back
And dream just sits there, watching, and attached to techno's leash   Edit: why does people think the last part is dirty ._. , and also this is meant to be a wattpad summary or sumn
This is how you rob people in Minecraft
BRUHHHHH 5 MINS OF ADS
Ah yes, a 64 stack of golden helmets.
Why Bad is always the guy who sells stuff?? XD
it's the ant helmets
Why is dream on a leash o-o
I SCREAMED IT'S HE
Manhunt is what we want
If keep inventory is on
yep dream is techno's pet yep    he's gotta keep an eye on him just in case he starts speedrunning yunno?
Lol I love how he got robbed but he still has helmets
RIVALSTWT
Finally some content
pog pig
when is the next manhunt/
STONKS
I'm surprised he didn't start ringing the bells for clout
LOL
And now this is Canon
rivalsduo yaaaay :DD
nice
i love how Dream is just waiting in line, well fishing line
Plot twist: The Golden helmets are duped Potato Crowns from Hypixel Skyblock
It’s technos monthly appearance  Enjoy it
Bad is such a good actor ! I actually thought he didn’t know what would happen lmao
Why is dream just standing there
Well golden helmets could give a profit if given about 9x as many gold helmets as gold ingots. Because you can smelt the golden helmets into gold nuggets and 9 of those can make gold ingots
That monotone 'yo' as he's killing Bad had me rolling.
Is Dream his dog or something-
Dream just standing there 👁👄👁
Finally Technocontent
Bad was a merchant alright, but he didn't know that the person he was selling to was a merchant too.....  A MERCHANT OF DEATH!
Alternative title: how to do shopping for free
Dream if you reply to my comment..i will
Lol
Dream was like : just another day
Bbh just got ripped off
Infinite netherite :D
Have Dream silent as a pet on a leash Pay in a weird way Suit up with the best armor Shout gooooooold Kill with wooden axe Profit
i miss him
tEcNobLadE?!?!?!?!
Ytf is he on a leash… what’s been going on behind the scenes while technos been gone… is there something y’all wanna tell us 😳
hhey dd dream ..  👉👈 do you love me ....♡^♡
Yoooo I bought the hole shop
Finally A blessing from the lord
This man be robbin badboyhalo everytime
lol
I have so many questions
The duo had yet again Killed a mUfFin HEaD
dream on the 4 AM grind
if u compare pizza delivery and this video xD
Dream's getting weirder and weirder in his shorts videos, and I like it
2M soon...😇
thank you for the technocontent dream. why did he have you on a lead
Tecnocontent
Yooooooo
Yes?
So we're not gonna find out why dream was on a leash-?
Dream, wallbur is trying to kiss george.
why is dream on a lead
Funni
* Dream just watching while being attached to a fishing rod *
Too easy
Dreams acting in this one is super good
Plot twist:- The gold helmets are from dreams speedruns
Dream reply this comment if you are real speedrunner
I just came from Ranboo’s stream and I’m really tired I can’t comprehend this rn…
OH MY GOD I MISSED HIM SO MUCH
the fact that i got so excited for techno's appearance in a 53 second video shows how desperate we are for content😭😭
BadBoyHalo is the best seller
"yooooooooooooooo" Albert Einstein i think
TECHNOCONTENT
I’m so confused
How does dream get these camera angles?
yooooo
came here from ranboos stream, how's everyone
I thing u can make golden ingot from helmet
havent gotten a short in a while
That's at least 54 seconds of Technocontent POG
Technocontent :D
fun fact, verified people want likes so they post a comment in every dream short possible!
It's concerning where he got those helmets
Fun fact, it takes 45 gold helmets, smelted into nuggets and crafted into ingots, to make just another single gold helmet. STONKS
Bad could have just smelted the helmets down to nuggets and crafted them into gold bars from there
YO ANOTHER VIDEO OMG
I read the title as the manhunt and hot exited
dream makes a good land fish
whoever gets the bbh golden helmet reference
This is why I don’t want to work at a gun shop
BBH: ahhhh aw 'no' BBH: WHAT ARE YOU DOIN 'YES'
I'm beyond happy
Why did you kill tommyinit😡
So is dream, Techno's horse or pet????
Dream on a leash, what will he do?
🤩🤣
HELP WHY IS DREAM CONNECTED TO THE FISHING ROD
OH MY GOD CRUMBSS THANK YOUUUU
Badboyhalo is a good actor
I like how dream slightly moves in the end as he's being pulled by techs rod.
Its cool °w°
This is gonna be a good day for sure cause dream shorts posted :)
The return
Technocontent pog
I thought he would trade dream for the stuff.
Golden helmets for netherite ones... Doesn't seem like a good trade to me not gonna lie
Finally, Technocontent
Im shocked he didn't take the bells immidiately
DOES THIS MAN HAVE HIM ON A LEASH???! IN PUBLIC?!?
So true drea.
yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo'
Hello to all of you people, who are equally starved for Technocontent lol  hope you have a great time <3
I missed the Blade
TECHNOCONTENT
dream on a leash 💀✋
Trade offer You receive  I receive
yay dream shorts is back
"Yoooo" *kills Bad*
Lol
No I don't believe it, he didn't take the bells.
I love how Dream us Techno's pet.
Yes
when you barter with a piglin
yes the blade came back!
He didn't even take the bell...
it's time to watch dream content at an ungodly hour
Wait is dresm the camal?
why's dream on a leash
YOOoooOO
Well that was great. See you guys next month.
Causal upload at 3:am
I love how dream is just standing there leashed up throwing helmets. 😂😂😂
👏👏
Wow
Finally, you found your password
Its so odd hearing technos voice that isnt from four years ago- he. L p
Yasss
Yooooo
My name is Marchant
1 hour ago let's gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
Heh
this is like buying all the guns in a gun store and killing the store owner
you know its a dream short when its completely out of context
Lol
WALK EM LIKE A DOG
Badboyhalo makes the best cashiers
Shout out if can hahah char ;3
i need more context here..... particularly regarding the leash
Why is dream in a leash
Business tactics
Finally hearing Techno's voice gives me so much peace oh we all miss him don't we
Robber!
I feel like dream in the slave in this video.
Lol can't wait to show this to my little sis, she gets excited when dream shorts upload a video specially the one video " Step on the crack " she was playing it almost a week with her friends xD
finaly technoblade!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!1
dream on a leash
Thats technoblades "Dreampet" for ya
Ahahah
The fishing rod tho. What
''Hi would you like some girl scout cookies''?
I was just thinking about a horrifying horror movie I watched like last year thanks for uploading this fun fresh short dream
Dreampet?
There is far too much that has been left unexplained
We are not talking about the Dream on a leash thing ? I guess ?
lmao dream being the pet
Æ
Good job bad, now open a hat shop.
Dream shorts vs steveee?
Why is the fishing rod attached to Dream?
Anyone else's parent keep them on a leash when they were a small child?
Thank you very MUCH for the Technocontent Dream.!
WE WANT BLADEEE
Dream go to sleep
Bruh,that's call robbing.😁😁
Technocontent? Pog
You okay Dream?
Wow my notifications are late lmao
😂😂😂
o so he's alive
☏︎what time is it were you are? its 1:12am here☏︎
DREAM SHORTS IS BACKKK
BruUuUuUuhHhHh
I forgot what technos voice sounded like
TECHNOPO
Early
So good dream
for same reason I thought this was a new manhunt
Early gang before it hits 1 hour
the wobly yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo lmao
56 minutes ago and 2.6k comments?
What Dream is doing is he just there to throw the helmets?
YOOOoooo⁰⁰⁰⁰⁰°°°°
I'm genuinely confused as to what the punchline is here
u guys remember when skeppy stole badboyhalos golden helmet that was damaged. like a tester had it and he quit or something
.
Bro I thought there was a hair on my screen when I saw the thumbnail
.
i.. i do not NOT have this on loop
e
When u invite the no to carnivals or he sees stuff for death or bells
The fact that this hasn’t even been up for an hour and it nearly has 1mil views scares me
what is leash ? all i know is fishing rod
Oh, I cannot wait to see Sin3c12 animate this one
Just here to say Hello
TECHNOCRUMBS
Technoshort
FINALLY some techno's presence
When did dream turn into a orphan?
all the gold must be from the duel with dream in mrbeast’s gaming video..
Finally, Technocontent omfg
HES ALIVE
Even when wrong, Philza is right.
I thought the fishing rod was a hair on my screen
TECHNOCRUMB
why is dream leashed-
i want a pet dream too
Why didnt he pay him potatoes?
Is Dream like... Technoblades dog? He was on a leach the whole time
Finally early
Cool
..
i just remembered you existed woah ily?
My question is,   *what is dreams purpose here?*
He probably got the golden helmets from killing other kings...
Yooooow
why is dream on a leash,,
crumbs
Technobald:yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo yoooooooooooo yoooooooooooooooooo
The King has returned
Who else thought there was a hair on the screen in the thumbanail
💜💜💜💜💜💜💜
I love technoblades “yoooooooooo”
Dream is stuck in a fishing rod.. Everything is as it should be
Reminds me of the helmet saga with badboyhalo and skeppy back in like 2018-2019
Yooooo
is dream technos bait????
FINALLY A RIVALS CONTENT SMH
merch
dream u releasing this right as george got mass qtrt makes my day cause it’s funny asl
I wonder if the animatics will include the fishing rod lol
Posted at 3am
Why is dream on a leash?????????? Am i the only one who noticed this?!!1
Imagine some pig dude and a homeless green blob come up to you, a humble storekeeper, and begin throwing golden armour at you and murdering you. Ah yes, golden armour is the perfect payment for *m u r d e r.*
yow
Then what
the fact that dream is attached to techno’s fishing rod 😭😭✋🏻
Poor Bad 🤧
Bad: what are you doing step-
Dream Shorts is the gift that keeps giving
dream is a leash kid confirmed??
The fact that dream is techno's pet (attached to a fishing rod)
early
he's alive????
dream i just wanted to hear ur voice
LOL
HE IS ALIVE
Claim your ticket here :)
is Dream an S to the L to the A to the V to the V ??
Immensely damaged golden helmets. Someone send help, I'm dying.
yey rivals duo! thank you dream shirts!
Everyone:Talking about dream on leash Me:    Technocontent?!
Did you say bells I think I need them all sir.
Why is Dream on a leash-
Lets just ignore why this was posted at 3AM
lol
Ahh yes a legendary pig who once a pvp master is now a merchant that has a green man as a pet
YO
Dream posting his shorts just makes my day♡
Who said staying up until 2 AM wasn’t worth it.
TECHNOCONTENT
Imagine dream being your pet. 😂
It’s literally almost 3 am
Did  he took dream as hostage to get all the gold helmet for him? And why is bad okay with it?😂
Yoooooooooooooooooo  *Yoooooooooooooooooo*
This is a win for Technotwt
crumbs
There’s so much to unpack here
yooooo *kills bad casually*
i thought the fishing rod was a hair on my screen
Food
The blade
i smell technocontent
Technocontent will always save the day :D
Dream in the hook is so funny idk why
Dreams just chilling, like yea I know, you're welcome.
a moment of silence for bad😔
That just sounds like armed robbery but with extra steps.
My oinker is back POG!
RIVALSTWT WE WIN THESE
Breh
Sus techo fishing dream
Badboyhalo is a piglin confirmed???
WHY IS DREAM ON A LEASH
Pls can u post on the main channel I have been waiting for a long time
Did i just watch a murder???????
Lol anyone else wondering why dream is on a leash?
ahh yes the greatest negotiator 😌
dream silently watches.. no words no nothing
DREAM JUST SITTING THERE 😭😭😭😭😭
why is dream just technos dog
Poor bad just got ROBBED
THE BLADE RETURNS
No way, Technocontent? I'm all for it.
Crumbs, rivalstwt.   *Crumbs.*
I dont understand what just happened
I love how Dream is just.. there. Connected tot he fishing rod 😭
Dream is Techno's Pet!???????!?!!!????
scam
technoContent finally
I have several questions
So Dreams basically a leash kid in this😭😭😭
Tecnoblade is a richest person in minecraft Dream is the 200iq player
:D
E-early
I like how dream is just there
Me who wanted to be early but slept in:  *OK*
This video made my day
YO THEY’RE BOTH ALIVE
Happy Raksha Bandhan
He didn't spam the bell asking for subs, this is inaccurate
This reminds me of begging with firearm’s.
Technocontent!!!!
Technocontent poggg
Imagine getting robbed by a pig who drop kicks orphans
dream on a rod, he cant go anywhere far, so what he do?
The fact this was posted and 12 on the morning is amazing
simp dream!!!!!!!!
It’s 3 am🧍‍♀️
"Yoooooooooooo"
omg its technocontent
The thumbnail made me think there was a hair on my phone
Rip Bad 🤣
Now this is epic
I like your video
yessss another post
I LOVE THIS
Why dream is pet of techo 😂
Ok
The blade just doing his thing
Why is bad always the Seller?
dream dogboy confirmed
random thought, if everything in the dollar store is a dollar... *can you buy the company for a dollar?*
Rivalstwt finally got content
The most concerning part is when Bad only dropped 1 helmet, where'd it go stepBad?
꒐'ꂵ 𝙚𝙖𝙧𝙡𝙮 𝙙𝙖𝙢𝙣
Technoslayinnbb
I-
ha
The fishing rod tho
Dream smp 2 be like
Lmao poor bbh got robbed 😭💔😂
Techno's rod is attached to dream probably because Dream lost to a fishing rod pvp
yoooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
HAHAHAHA
😭😭😭😭
I am in tears rn
I cant, i just can-
yo why does dream keep uploading at 3:00 am
S to the l to the a to the v
I clicked on this video just cause I missed the blade
Dream is techno’s new pet or what? I am confused.
i missed him so much!! thank you for offering us crumbs dream. i am forever indebted to you!
Dream: 🧍‍♂️
when when early
when you have a zombie-piglin gold farm:
Is Dream teachnos pet   Wow....
Yoooo
I love that Dream is just chilling, attached to Techno's fishing rod. xD
Why is dream on a leash tho😂
Insomnio?
Why is this so funny😂😂😂
Dream is being held hostage
i came back from ranboo's stream lmao
RIP for that merchant..
0:14
Commenting for the algorithm
"STOO..." Famous last word
HERE WITHIN AN HOUR
Well, dream becomes technoblades pet. 🐶
Hi
alright then
Technoblade's 'YOooo' vs Dream's 'WheeEeeEzZZzzEe'
Really at 3 AM he posted this but I also watched this at 3 AM
w-what was dream's role? please. someone explain.
Great last video to watch before I head to bed lol
Imagine buying armor back then and your payment was gold helmet
TECHNOCONTENT
I honestly thought Dream was Techno’s, uh, unpaid labourer…
Niceee
The fanart is gonna be interesting
When he showed up with Dream on a fishing rod I thought he was trading Dream for stuff
Techno's "Yooooooo" really sold it for me
rip bad
I thought he was selling dream for a second
The helmets were merely a distraction!
Lol
yooooo
Techno's logic:Get the netherite and kill the owner for the other items.
Another normal day
.
the monotone "yoooo" is everything
not me getting an ad before this video About an ice cream called dream lmaooooo
Poor bad got robbed by a king pig and a green cube guy
HES ALIVE
OP
After you had 8 hours in the nether:
The ultimate yooooo
I feel like there's a story behind this or they aren't getting enough sleep
Its 12:34 AM
It's 3 am go to sleep
VRRRRRM
Why is the end of the description so ominous.
I miss him so much
TECHNOCONTENT YOOOO
This short is a commentary on the nature of capitalism. The merchant will try to make an honest living, but the rich man will always come and defraud the honest worker through dishonest deals, as represented by the damaged helmets, at first they seem good and shiny, but you soon come to realise that the merchant has been given nothing of worth. In the same way, workers strive to earn a good and honest living but are not able to receive the true value of their labour, instead of being given something of lesser worth by their employers to placate them.  Dream being thethered to the fishing is symbolic of the fact that we are all tethered to the wealthy under capitalism, relying on the rich to dispense their wealth through wages and payments, but so rarely do they provide anything of true value - truly a moving and masterful critique of society.
hi mr
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”....❤️
2.2k.1th haha
RIVALS CRUMB
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”....❤️
why is dream on a leash
yoooooooooooooooo
Is Dream as horse....?
Ah lol
Early gang
why is dream on a lead😭
sheeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeesh
Pog
Pig go shopping :b
yoooo 🎉
My mum when she tries to buy everything at a store with coupons. lol
E
imagine if he didnt break the chest, stare at badboyhalo, and give him shulker boxes with golden helmets and badboyhalo screams
bells
Techno's back at it again
Golden helment... BADDD REMEMBER YOUR HELMET-
Hi
RIVALSTWT WAKE UP WE GOT CRUMBS
yes
Yooo Tecno
So many slain brethren to get the helmets from
lmao poor badboyhalo.
He baccc doe
This is amazing 😂
RIVALS CONTENT THANK YOU
TECHNOCONTENT
Dream is a leash kid confirmed
These are better than I remember
Yoo
These clips always makes our days better
Is Dream like, Techno’s pet? Why does he have a fishing rod in his head 0.o
damn
The way he says "yooooo" is just chief kiss
wait I just noticed it says 15 minutes ago
dream ur awesome, please give me a shout out!?!!??!?!!
dream during a whole video: 🧍‍♂️
Hi
:)))
TY OUR LORD AND SAVIOUR DREAM FOR CRUMBS
This is slavery we need to help dream!
The way that Dream is literally on a leash
Now we know why tecno wasn't uploading right?
Bruh they just get better and better
35,116th
So this is what they did when they got out of prison like a week ago
skyrim in a nutshell
here within an hour. yay love u dream
who is before million?😊✌
I can't believe he uploaded this at 3 Am just for the grind
THE BLADE IS BACK AFTER 2 MONTHS
yOoOoOooOo
please the fishing rod is attached to dreams head 💀
Dream can't run away XD
lol
Here before an hour gang
So many gold helmets ✨Shiny✨
Ok
After escaping prison on the dream smp
TECXHNOBALDDE CONTENT DRWEAM CONTENT BADBOYHALO CONTENT thanks
Dream be like 🧍‍♂️
Cats are pog
yooooooooo-
so dream is a dog now-
TECHDNWK
YO
Download in dream channel please
Omg finelly I am early
If sapnap was selling instead of badboyhalo he would have said we sell super secret items for broken helmet ⛑ 🤫
Why is dream on a lead tho
geg
Dude it’s 3AM go to bed
early gang where you at?
TECHNOCONTENT YES FINALLY
PLS WHY IS DREAM ON A LEAD
He could probably make 1-2 gold blocks from that
i watch dream shorts to know what being high feels like
i am confused
Sto- 😭😭🤚🏻
TECHNOCONTENT
C R U M B S
Yoooooo
hi
THEY ONLY GET BETTER
POG
thank u for posting this my day is complete
*Lesh go*
it’s 3:26am est why are they awake
F
T e c h n o c o n t e n t
Insert tommyinnit laugh
MoStlY DamAGeD golden helmets
lol dream on a leash XD
why is dream being pulled by a fishing rod?
Is dream a pet or s.l.a.v.3
Early yey
YOOOOOOO
Hello
TECHN-
Why is dream on a fishing rod instead on boxed like a fish he’s hooked like a fish
Idk wtf just happened or why Dream was on a lead but Ill take it
We ain't gonna talk abt dream on a leash?
*goes feral for Technocontent*
LMAOOO I THOUGHT THERE WAS A HAIR ON MY SCREEN
This is what happens when Awesam takes a day off from the prison.
PLS I LOVE THESE LMFAO
A good deal indeed 😌
I'm still wondering why dream is on a leash-
Ahh this is gonna be good day
TECHNOCONTENT
Hm *I wonder where those golden helmets came from.*
Dream watching it in the back:    👩‍🦯
Why is Dream tied on a fishing road?!? Bruh HAHAHAHHA
Is Dream Techno's pet ? 😂
HE K!LLED BBH HE'S SO ENDEARING
The sussy baka
Claim your ”I was here in one hour!” -ticket right now! Costs only 1 like ;)
DUDE I THOUGHT THERE WAS A HAIR ON MY SCREEN SEEING THUMBNAIL LMAOOO
Golden Helmets = coupons? XD
THIS IS MY TECHNOCONTENT FOR AT LEAST A MONTH
Dream you good over there buddy?
TECNOCONTEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEENT
This could have been made without Dream on a leash but he’s there anyway
Noice
Am man here near close start yes (;
THANK YOU DREAM SHORTS
yooo
Claim this ticket before it's viral -------------------------->
Dream just stand there: 👁️👄👁️
Wait why's dream hanging on a fishing rod🤨🤨
It's like literally 3 am in Florida when this was uploaded
dremel <3
Omg this is perfect 😂💀
Nice
why... why is dream on a leash?
dream is just there on a lead... standing there... menacingly.
TechnoBalado
Technocontent whoooooooooohoooooo
FINALLY TECHNOCONTENT
yooooo
Oh sweet
Yoooo
Techno's "yoooooo">>>>
dang this is groovy
Lmao! XD
Damn is Dream a pet
dream on a leash in this short reminds me of the time sapnap called dream "techno's bitch"
HI
THE BLADE HAS ARRIVED
never fails to dissapoint
BACON BITS!!!!!!!!
Technocontent
bbh is just getting trolled by everyone
UHHH WHY WAS DREAM ON A LEASH
o o p s
they're the best duo
same
I was gonna comment first but stupid internet
Wait why is dream on a leash?
DREAM IS TECHNO'S DOG CANON
Why does dream have a fishing line in his head xD
e
Yep that's our orphan obliterater alright 😌👌🏼
Xd
What are you doing uploading videos at 3 am tf
The start reminds me of the shield hero anime
It’s 12AM and this is how I start my day
he's uploading again your honor! 🥰💖
bruh why am I still awake it is 3am for me
the damage control
I need sleep...
Poor badboyhalo 😂
Before 1 hour gang
Dream is kidnapped
its been 7 min and he has 8.9 k likes
I think I would be able to survive 3-4 months after watching this much TechnoContent
why did you upload at 3am? lol
I love how dream just stood there with a fishing rod in this head.
Nobody notice that dream is a pet
Day 84 of asking dream to heart me
24784th
LMAO
Yoooooo is so iconic
Why is dream on a lead?
YOOO
just straight up robbing bbh
Bruhh
OMG GUYS ITS LORE FORESHADOWING /j /lh
Claim your "here before an hour" ticket here
Scam 2021 😂😂😂
Is this fair?
Wow this blew up quickly- Its only been 7 minutes
hi
This is lore
He died
Merchant go brrrrrrrrr
why is dream connected to the fishing rod?
I love how we're just not gonna get an explanation for why dream was on a fishing rod
the blade is alive 😭😭😭😭
Bad keeps dying in the most ridiculous ways.
It's literally 3:30am for me rn I don't even know why I'm awake
Claim your "Here before OwO" ticket here
It aint crime if you don't get caught 😎☝
puppy dream
Why is dream on a leash?
7 minenutes ago
lol early
PLZ WHAT THE HELL  ALSO WHY IS DREAM ON LIKE A LEASH IS HE TECHNO'S GREEN TELETUBBY PET OR SMTH??
He is finally uploading regularly
:D
not Dream posting at 3am
No one talking about Dream on a leash?? Just why??? Genuinely asking
Technosteal
Is Dream on a leash?
"yoooooooooo"
Sound?
bruh
Thanks for the content friends ! T'was really funny !
Ahh yes beating up bbh.
SO FAST WHAT
We have some elytra isn't it some elytras
This is a little bit funnier than the stuff he usually posts on here.
OK BUT WHY IS DREAM ON A LEASH?!
I love techno's **YOOOOOOOOOOOO**
bad being an excellent shop keeper
21 thousand views and uploaded 6 minutes ago
He says “helpful assistant” but all he did was stand there with a smiley. I guess the leash was intimidating enough?
Dream be doing the most 🕴
Favorite one yet XD
TEHCNO CONTENT I NEED IT
Me: give me the cookie and dream and pig crown armor
same reason that I spent 20$ and got 10$ back
why does he have dream on a leash lmao
WHY IS DREAM ON A LEASH
AYYYYYY
Technocrumbs~
I came in under 5 min
it’s nice to see dream shorts back on the run
bElL
hi
Poor bad xD
Imagine having your very own speed runner with you at all times
Who's here before 1 hour
idk what to comment tbh
Yoooooooooo!!!
Dream : uploads*  Every dream stan animator : aight we back and good in buisness again
Dream:🧍*turns into Callahan*
*imagine bbh the merchant competes with a trader*
5 mins late but still early
Here early
imagine someone robbing a bank and being like “yoooooo”
dream is techno's pet? *REAL?!?! CANON??*
Kill the merchant
Always a good day when you guys upload :]
Why tf is dream on a leash LOL
"yo, yoo, yooooooo"
yoooooo
Never let your guard down when an anarchist is in front of you lmao
Oh this is great lol
Piglin trading be like:
surprised he didnt go for the bell first lmao
WHY AM I UP SO LATE  "we got bells, a lot of people that's a popular sailor" Who the hell buys bells, just go steal em dude.
ahh dream on de leash
Yooooooooooooo.....
Please never let bad be the merchant he’s too kind T v T
I have so many questions
A lots of golden helmets
theres another dream shorts but more importantly TECHNO’S ALIVE!!
Bro u still awake at Le 12 am
W-why is dream on a leash? 😭😂
Pin pls I’m early
THE FISHING ROAD— OH MY GOSH I'M ON THE FLOOR.
YOOOOOO
Uploading regularly again the moment we have all waited for
Is Dream leached?
R.I.P that BadBoy Halo ayyyy
What is Dream even doing there
Eyy earlyy
he returned yay
wQ
these makeup for the streams that never happen.
the best dream channel is back
dream dog arc 🐶
Technobabble and dream ark
dream is literally on a leash PFFT
why is he carrying dream around in a fishing fucking net just what
pin
Cool
why is dream on a leash
extremely innacurate: the bells would have been the first and only priority
Claim your “here within an hour” ticket here 🎫
Why was dream on a leash...?
I thought he was getting all the bells
Im early asf
Been waiting for dream shorts to post
why is dream on a leash
yooooooooooooooooo
WE ARE BACK
rip
I love how Bad is always the shopkeeper
Amazing
UH-
ALOT of stans up this late
ooo
dream did a great job in this one
dream it is 3 am
Very sad he didn't ring the bell
How to get free stuff:
dream shorts returns at 3am
dnf
POV: lots of golden helmets are being thrown at you by a pig who is also about to kill you
george super-spreader 😍
yoooOooOooooo
Haha 😂😂
how was i awake its fucking 4 am i should be sleeping just what
Wait lmao I just realized Dream is on a fishing rod leash lmfao what the hell
How about gold nuggets
lets gooooo
but why is dream on a leash?...
Claim your „here within an hour“ ticket here.
Guys we got our tecno content for the next year :))))
Here for technocontent
so many things were just not addressed -why is dream on a lead or something -why are they mostly damaged -where did he get all of those helmets - -WHY’D HE KILL BAD??? -why doesn’t dream talk  -what the hell of happening
Profit
Dream is a slave lol
He hasn’t posted in a month lol
Yooooooo-
E
ily i hope you're having a good day <33
go to bed
Why is dream on a fishing rod or
OH MY GOD IS THAT TOMMYINNIT
Yay! A new short :]
Hi
hello iam a,fillipino
It's so nice to hear techno's voice again after a long time. (This is the long way to say I miss The BLADE) 😁🙂
yooooo
Ok
This is what piglins do after they trade with the player
Idk why. But when i see the golden helmet. My mind just go to bunch of killed piglin 😭
The fact that Techno’s fishing rod is attached to Dream concerns me
This isnt scamming its business.
The whole time. Dream is like: 👁️💧👄💧👁️
Dream stood there like 🧍🏼‍♂️
😭🤟 а
69
Badboyhalo the piglin
The thumbnail led me to believe this was a shameless youtooz commercial
The *"dream on a leash"* *tm* got me
ello :))
Dream didn’t even get lines in this one. He’s just there to make sure it’s a “Dream” short. We love to see it
I love how dream is caught on the fishing rod xD
Bad shop is bad shop
You know it’s a super good day when Dream Shorts posts.
Why is Dream fishing rodded by Techoblade?
TechnoContent🤤🤤
Bad is always suffering for content
DREAM JUST STOOD THERE LMAO
lmao dream being a pet 😂
the assistant is leashed for some reason
uwu
damage control 😜
TEJXBJOBLADE
3:16 in the morning and I find this. Nice
These are so funny! I love them :)
Is no one noticing how Techo has Dream on a fishing pole? 📷 🤔
why is dream just on a leash lmfaoooo
Claim your “here within an hour” ticket here
Finally
Midnight, perfect time to post these videos.
im still straving for technocontent
DREAM SHORTS
dogboy dream c;
I was just watching a tommy stream and got a notification, geez
C'mon man, Bad is just trying to run a business here
Xin chào anh dream
that was pretty funny. Liked this one!
He’s finally uploading regularly again at his best
PLEASE,TECHO HAS HIS FISHROD ON DREAM'S HEAD I CANT
dream shorts my beloved
i’m 2 minutes late
Wow not even two minutes in and there's already 2k comments, a few seconds ago there were only two
It's 2 in the morning for me but I must watch this
Hello
TECHNOCONTENT
Fun fact : Elytra is pronounced elitra
Btw why would you trade gold for netherite
Ok
“WAIT- WHAT ARE YOU-?” “Yooooooooo”🔪
when it's 3:15 am and dream posts a video *speedrunning music intensifies*
What The Dream Doin ?
DREAM LEASH KID CONFIRMED????
He could have become more richer than Jeff Bezos if he picked the bell and rang it for a minute
You know its a super good day if dream shorts uploads
nice
IM EARLY
Technos “Yooo~~” just makes my day idk why.
dream was fished
Why is dream even in this video
Techoblade forgot to took the bell-
Dweam🙀
He finally uploaded
lmao that kill had to be off script
Lol i cant stop laughing lol
yooooooooooo
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”🔥🔥💕🔥💕🔥 this video is fire
Why is dream on a leash? What did you do dream?
Dream shorts is gold
*Bad open own shop everytime* 1 minutes later  *Bad got killed by his own shop*
Dreams just there like 🧍🏼
Claim your “here within an hour” ticket here
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”💚
Netherite pog
Techno's golden helmets are crowns
It been a while, he upload a new Dream short video
Why is Dream tied to a fishing rod? 🤨
WHY WAS DREAM JUST ON A LEASH THE ENTIRE TIME 😭
Tecno: casually kills bbh Dream: this is normal 😌
TECHNO’S STILL ALIVE????? Y U NO STREAM?
yoooooooooo
You know it’s a super good day when Dream Shorts posts.
Well claim your here before a minute ticket
dream shorts bring me life
Ok
Dream Shorts is uploading regularly again which is good.
Why not take the bells
IS DREAM YOUR PET? EXCUSE ME
Oh after a long time................ 1000 iq robbery 🤣
Perfect *chefs kiss*
Guess he didn't forgot the password
Oh my god an upload
No one, literally no one, Dream is Techno's pet
EARLY
i like how dreams just standing there like technoblades extrovert to introvert translator
We all know why hes soo rich right?
Yooooooooooo
╹▽╹
1min
Just i miss dream shorts
YOOO JUST KILL A MAN FEELING GOOD :)
He’s finally uploading regularly again at his best
"ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh ohhhhhhhhhhhhhh"
Early gang wya?! 👋🏼
I- is dream on a leash….so THATS how dream travels without getting away good to know.
dream it is 3 in the morning
“Ok so all those red helmets are the ants helmets”
didnt george and sapnap ruin dream shorts or something
Why is techo have a leash on dream 🤔😳😳
The helmets came from orphans---
I just know he took the bell after
dream shorts do be fanboying twice... coz' they're once in a million.
I want a......
Before OwO
YOO
Ok but why was dream on a leash??
А дрим просто стоял в сторонке :/
I thought he'd get the bell
the greenling has returned
I love how dreams just there on a leash
Dream on a leash 😳
Your sleep schedule is really messed up it’s 3:15am
Pog
This is so stupid but also funny
It’s like dream is techno’s pet
I like how Dreams just standing there, observing
wait wat why is the comments with bots
Claim your “here within an hour” ticket here
there is a one in 10THOUSAND chance this will get a like anyway,
so this is what they did after they break out from the prison
Dream is.... a slave or what?
Yoooooo
oh wow
dream just being techno’s pet lmao
Dream is just there lol
Dream on a leash what will he do?
claim if ur one minute late
Damage control
5k views in 1 min how
TECHNO♡♡♡♡♡
Is dream a purse or a wallet?
Dream is on a leash...
Lol
Dream just there in that scene: 👁👄👁
❤️Technosupport❤️
I bet that that ending wasn't originaly on the script
Fast than flash
Yay!!
Dream shorts are the best part of the day :)
Yoooooooooo
The speed of lighting
Not gonna lie but dreams shorts are actually pretty awsome to watch
Yoooooooo
1 minute ago:]
Why on a leash though?
My rivalsduo heart is so happy right now
If dream responds i am going to DIE
Dream Shorts: *posts*  Verified youtubers: “it’s showtime”
When u get to decide what piglins trade to you
HAHA WHY DOES HE JUST HAVE DREAM ON A LEASH
W-why is Dream on a lead?
Bro 14 seconds ago and there is over 135 likes omg-  Also feel i feel bad for bad, all he wanted to do was sell armor
lol
Why is Dream on a fishing rod 😭☝️
Nice
Minecraft manhurt vs 5 hunter finale.
I really wish this was a potion seller reference
does this have soemthing to do with lore-
The merchant: outerbanks, WE NEED THE GOLD
aw man too late
I thought he was just gonna grab stacks of bells and run off-
Why is Dream on a leash
Is this the first without Sapnap? :(
Lmao 21 second ago
Nice
10+ ppl were early just to leave a dislike, fan behavior lmao
Dream shorts is back at it again.
Henlo
Remember kids, if you ever feel useless.. just remember Dream standing in the back of this short.
OMG KINDA EARLY!
rip
3 am and i see a dream short notification ;-;
Yoooooo
I love how dream is in a fishing rod
Yooooo
I- is dream on a leash?
dream dogboy truther right here
Why is dream on a leash
Lol
1 of the first comments let's go pog
Thats one way to trade
Syriously 3 seconds
Dream’s just there like 🧍
Bads ded
i was here when yt says no views
dream is on a leash he’s a dogboy CONFIRMED?? /hj
dream just stood there-
Thats alot of gold xD
Dream on a fishing rod what will he do
How much gold did tecnoblade have???
✨GoLd✨
So... what is dreams purpose here?
E
HE WAS INNOCENT-
Why is dream on a leash...
what is dream's role in this?
Yoooooo
✨Arson✨
Early YAY, MY FAV YT EVERRRR   THE VID  IS 58 SEC AGO 💚💙😳
Technocontent finally
THE BLADE
When youre early enough you see bot. Bruh
early squad
is Dream Techno's dog
why is dream on a- nvm not gunna ask
I love Dream's just watching everything that is happening... XD
why is dream just there on a fishing rod lol
Its 12am why I am up watching this
i would like an explanation as to why dream is on a leash
Just saw it pop up
why is dream in a fishing rod-
Why is Dream sitting there on a fishing rod 🤨
I like how Dream was just in the background not talking this whole short
Legend says they’re dropping gold helmets on bads grave
But... why’s he on a leash
Plizzzz upload a video techo we crying for your next video
Why does he have dream on a fishing rod? What did he do?
I’m just laughing over the fact that dream is on a lead XD
Why is dream on a leash 😃😵‍💫
Hi um I just want to say god bless everyone who is reading this comment even tho I never meet you but just stay safe 🙏🏽
legend has it he’s still yooooooooing
Yoahhhhhh
Dream is a slave now. F for respects 😤
Pet Dream
Why is dream on a fishing rod?
...why is Dream on a leash
Yooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooo
IS DREAM ON A LEASJHH???
Yoooooooo
Yo was dream on a leash 😳
Why is dream on a leash?
I think he has golden helmets?
dogboy dream in his natural habitat on a leash
The way dream is literally on a leash😭
yoooooooo
I FIRST!!!
love how dream did not say a word
I enjoyed that
a month since the last upload and badboyhalo is still a worker of some sort in these shorts
his long yooooooo while killing bbh hdjdhd
Hi where is baldboyhalo
why is dream on a leash
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”............
yoooo
The fact dream is just on a leash scares me 😭
RIP that Badboyhalo ay
Mostly damaged golden helmets God you gotta love em
Why is Dream in a leash??
:0
Yoooo
Yo
LOL
is dream on a leash?
Dream is Techno's pet fr
I an fast as f*ck boi
B r u h h h h
he craved something we all know what it was
Skyrim in a nutshell
Is this stealing?
dream didn’t even talk wtf
CONTENT
YEEESSSS
Yoooooooooo
Can I talk with you dream 🥺🥺
Sooo… what was the point of dream on a leash?
And thats how capitalisim works
LMAO
:))
BELLSSS
Huh 1 min 1000 comment
why is dream on a leash?
no way
Here and it hasn't even been an hour YAAASS!!
why is Dream-
Ah yes murder😁
Claim your withing 10 minutes here
earlyy
j
BBH?
why is dream on a leash
Techno's  *Yooo* is so satisfying
Aaa
Cool I'm early 4 once ☘☘
Dreams just there with a fishing rod in his forehead 💀
I thought that black line was a hair on my screen 😭🤚
🤓🤝👌
That's a Lot of golden helmet
I love how bad own every shop in every ep lol
First
No views and 832 comments.  YouTube is good.
why is bad always selling stuff in dream shorts?
Dream is tecnos slave
P
Hello skedadudlers
Why was dream on a leash 😳
rip bad- 2021
Yoooooo
dreams a pet?
pov they broke out.
Lul
Bad is always the salesman
RIVALS CRUMBS
HEYYYYY
lol
Ok 😂
I love the dream smp it is the best!!
i honestly dont know what going on in this
The return of bbh’s golden helmet
Poggers
Poor bad😂
Dream is posting the best shorts ever make another video of sapnap pranking people
straight up robbed bad 😂
is dream slave pfff
Yessss
RIVALSDUO CONTENT??????
Imagine being 1st, could never be me
HAHAHZJJSJAHAHAHHAHAHAHA OMG
That was how stealing was invented
Hi
Lol
RIVALSTWT IS FEASTINGGGGG
Rivalstwt 😌🖐️
Ok
what
yoooooooooo
Top ten anime betrayals
No view : Video : 4.1k like
i-
Yooooo
Someone: potatoes aren’t that good Tecnoblade: What did you s a y? That same person: dies
Hello
what no views and 585 comments?
😎
Me:         BELLS flashbacks
Comment
it’s so hard to think of a comment
BBH: “yeah thats a popular sellyar”
ok
Yoooooooooooooooooooooooo
Yooooo, best merchandise ever
Is this the refund policy?
I have many questions
Thoroughly Decieved
That scream sounded so genuine holy
This damage control im crying srs
Dude, it's 3AM :'|
OK
When I am watching this there are currently 420 comments Anyways what do you guys think ab giraffes 🦒
**golden helmets are the only universal language**
These videos are just so wholesome (sometimes…)
yes
First comment!!
The blade!!!!
ANOTHA ONE LETS GO
Poor bad😂😂
Wow 855 ppl already commented
168 comments 2k likes and a whopping zero views
I am the first comment
Yooooo
Me: can I have a gold hermit?
:0
Amazing vid dream team can’t wait for the next one !
Cool
it's midnight wth
HEYY
I'm disappointed that they don't have underwear 😔
Ok
I believe in BadBoyHalo the Merchant supremacy.
It’s 2 in the morning 😫
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”........
Loll
good video my little woof woof
HII
L to the people who keep notifs on just to dislike the video 😂
They really bring a full inventory of golden helmets
Yoooooo
why was the fishing rod-  okay y'know what whatever..-
Plzz give ma a hart dream
Bruhhhhhhhhhhhh
Big fan, Love you guys, Love from San Diego ! [ Have a great day - Night to who ever is reading this ]
why is dream on a leash
ok
Rip bad
This shorts are getting bettet
TECHNO'S ALIVEEEE!!!
yoooo
Early
DREAM SHORTS IV MISSED YOU
Hey
Hello
Golden helmets for days
HELP
I love the shorts
dream its late
boi
Hello?
golden helmets
:vdream are you ok
Bruh, it’s 3:00 am
Lmao
Finally dream got to now about his youtube fans
Uhh................ok
What about golden helmets?
Ok
What
New dream shorts my beloved
TECHNOCONTENT!!
I clicked so fast that it lagged and crashed my phone
3am upload
I'm earlyy
Literal Crumbs
Why is everyone commenting ok?
3rd
2 dislikes when it was posted 19  seconds ago.. people really have notifs on just to dislike
Bell
WOO
Thank u dream
dream is officially techno's pet lmao
yassss
I've missed dream shorts, very good to watch them again!! <3
I was getting bored studying physics thanks for the upload
Who else is watching ranboo’s charity stream Rn
Yay we finally get another one :D
wooo
Oh yeah its a good idea to upload this video on 3 AM in the morning
o h
WOOO new video :D
Ffffg
The royal merchant….outer banks?!??!!?!
i’m early
Ola
Dream you should do a 100 days in Minecraft
I wish I was
what if i gave a clementine
honestly i thought mrbeast would be the merchant, cause y’know he has a lot of stuff….       *alot*
Hi im Mr.Cake would you like to be my friend?
Can we pretend that airplanes in the night sky are like shooting stars
u uploaded a short at 3:15 in the morning lmao
2nd Comment
Okay this is epic
Lol its the meme from bads gold helmet
Ok
THE BLADE HAS RETURNED
Can you take me in a video
Ofc it’s 2am
I clicked faster than badboyhalo could say Language
No views  36 likes.   Me - really normal
Omg Techno's alive
Sup
Ok
HE REMEMBERED THE PASSWORD !!!
Okay 🙆‍♂️
so cool
I'm just gonna start calling bbh Ms. Rabbit or whatever her name is
Bloody hell my volume was on full and I was just not prepared for that at 8am
Unrelated but, I just got finished reading “Flowers from 1970” and I am in Spain without the s :)
Nice
Ogey
Oh jeez
Yay new vid!!!
Hey dream, I lost my pins, can I borrow one
Helllllllo
Why is dream attached in the fishing rod
I am chick!
Ok
On time !!!!!!
Ok
Fun Fact: the person that’s first is not at McDonalds
Hi dream hope your doing well
YOOO TECHNOBALDE IN DREM VIDO?!!?!1??!!
wait is that dream on a leash 😭
I love you but it’s 3 am bro
Hello
:When u don't know what to comment-
the way it’s 2 in the am and i’m watching dream shorts-
hi
HI
A lot of people said first
the return of dream shorts.
short  green blob is back
ok
ok
👋
It’s 1:00 A.M here dang
hi
I LOVE these they're just so funny I can't even
Not the bell reference 💀😭😩
im the first one to find
ok
Ah hello. I hope you all have a good day!!!!
ok
hello
i missed these
728 likes no views and 7 comments, seems legit
Chupapi munyayo
Oh, this confirms my theory...interesting
3rd comment
please make dream the builder short 🥺
something doesn’t seem right...
23 SECONDS AGO
LOVE THE VIDEO
EARLY
FIRST!!!! 111
ok
Ok
nice
not first
Isnt it like 3 am for him rn lol?
Pin
TECHO IS ALIVE
OH MY GOD TECHO CONTENT
Ok,idk why everyone is spamming this🤣
Finally Dream Shorts is uploading again.
why is dream on a leash
i love this so much stay awesome❤️
Are u real dream?
Bruh
Oki
Never clicked so fast in my life
Ok
guys it's lore
I love bad
Lol
I’m here now :)
Ok
I love Night shorts because the stupid people that use prayers for likes aren’t here
yea
Lmfao
I just saw technoblades face as the thumbnail staring into my soul at 3 am
1st
Badboyhalo as Villiger🤣
THE RETURN OF DREAM SHORTS. FINALLY!!
SAEEELER
3 in the morning, thanks.
Hello dream ily and ur ding was the best
22 seconds ago:>
Ayy I'm early
1Bobux
1
:b
No views, 1 comment (not including mine) and 38 likes.
DREAM SHORT IS BACCKKK!!!
GOooOld
Ok
The Merchant
This is funnr right cuz i felt its funny
Thought i was first but not 😭😭😭
ок
in like 20 seconds this got 2.4k likes lol
ok
Early
Frist
No veiws but many likes and comments, poggers👶
lol
Ok
EVERYONE SAY "THANK YOU DREAM"
Hi come guys join the seconds group
O
first view😏
Dweam
Hi deam please say hi back
Early
Great vid
Hellooo
Npt first
Ok
30 seconds ago , wow
G O L D
Here from ranboo lol
Ok
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”........
dream on a leash
First view
dream it’s 3am why are you awake
I tot that fishing pole was hair on my screen bruh
Ok
Sup
ok
Drewd
O_o
I like Minecraft
pro tip: no views 4 likes
Hi
Ok
The fact that I was about to go to sleep 😭✋
100th?😃
I’m I the chill fan
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”🤍
This is so swag
ok
Ohp
tech no blade
.
ok
Here before views
This comment is hilarious
wow he's alive i can't belive it
Hi people of the internet! Hope you have a good day
Ok
alright
why is dream on a leash😀
THESE ARE ALWAYS SO FUNNY AND PERFECT
Wow just seconds ago
First lol
oink
Bruhhhhhhhhh
Early
First?
i was here
Its 2am here in Chicago wtf-
LETS FUCKING GO A DREAM SHORT !! BEEN WAITING FOR ONE :D
Bad be like we gut uhm. . . . .
27 second ago
Hi dreeeeeeeam
It
Bro it’s 3:00 am, why tf are you up?
Dream is a leash kid
TECHNOCONTENT
7 like
ok
Hhhhhh
new vid yay
Early
Dream
who else thought there was a strand of hair on their screen
ok
YEAHHHHHH
Finally
It’s been so long… return of the King.
Fany fany
Lol hi
AAAAAA
Pin me daddy dream
why is he posting at 3 a.m.?!?
wake up dream shorts uploaded
hi
Sped
Hi
Ok
Dream
:D
is that technocontent I smell?
THE RETURN
Yoooooo
Ok
20 seconds
okay
It’s 2:14 am rn wtf
😂
soooo when’s dreamnap happening?
why so early in the morning??
stream change my clothes
Dream,Dream,Dream...
Hi
Hi dream
Ok
Woof
One of the first
How
Ok
Dream is Love, Dream is Life
why are u posting at 2 am lmao
Ooga booga
ok
Ay
Ok
So we've finally met again.
wear-s yo mama?
THE HOMIES
Hahaha
a
Lets gooooooooooo
Dream shorts finally
Hi dream
Oh thank you dream
It’s 3 in the morning dude
Технооо!!!
the merchant
Hi:))
First
Badboyhalo is a potato
Its a good day when Dream shorts upload
ayyyyyy
Iam first one to see this video
I’m early okay hello dream loved the new song :)
Nice
I'm one of the first comments!
well hello, it’s 2:30 am
Hello
yes so hahaha
YOOOOOOO
I LOVE DREAM!!!
Dang
Literally just posted 😃
Kinda sus
FINNALY A TECHO CRUMBS TY DREAM
Ok
Hey
Pog
less than a minute
LOVE YOU DRE
Ok
YOOO EARLYYY
Best
First comment less gooo
First
earlyyyyy
Dream shorts I've missed you
He’s finally uploading regularly again at his best
Bread
Hi
Hi
I’ll sub only if u respond
Yooooooo
👁️           👁️         👃🏻         👄
ok
Uugghhhh the lack of dream shorts 😫😫
Pin This
Wow
Bells
The Crumbs
Oh he's rich😉
First
it’s 3 am dude
Drem
You know it’s a super good day when Dream Shorts posts.
ok
ok
In 15 sec baby
No views and 2 comments
Drem
Here at only 30 likes
YUHHHH
Ok
Elhamduralah
dream it’s 3am
Early as always
Ok
Pog champ am fast asf boi!!!!
RIVALS DUO :0
Early
oop in early
AYOO I GOT THE FOURTH LIKE
outer banks kinda??
Oh
IM EARLY
ok
This is the earliest I’ve been
First
Nice I liked it
Early
Holy this is fun amazing
Yes
know it’s gonna be a good day when a dream short comes out
Ha
Hi
Bro it is 3 am
EARLY
Damn it been a while
hello!
yes
Hi
OO
Yee earlyy
uhm
"Barttering techinqes"
Hi
Yay I'm first
E
Wow
Its 3 am?!?!??!?!?
Hi
Very cool
Yesss!!
ok
Pin plzzz
3:14 am
Hi Dream
👁👄👁💅
AYOOOO
Almost first but I’m one of the first! Pls pin it will mean a lot to me
woooo
LETS GO NO DISLIKES
Hi dweam
It’s 3am dream.
It’s been a while it feels like
Hi
Hi
dream. it’s 2 am.
Ayup
First
Merthant
woah
Fourth
Yees
i’m here hi
Furst
Someone donate robux
LMFAO
DREAM SHORTS WOO
I see pig man, I watch
✌️✌️✌️✌️
XD
Hey dream
ok
1st Pin
Hi
OMG UR BACK I MISSED YOU
UwU
Love it 😊
Omg they posted
Hi
nice
DREAM SHORTS WOOO
……
pin
The merchant
O
Hi :)
Yayayay
Love this
ok
Okay
dream is amazing
XD
EARLY
Thank god my sleep schedule is terrible
Huge fan dream
It’s 3am-
Wow
Ok 2
Ayyyy
8th
Nice
Ur mom ;)
'0'
uhh
e
Wow
Early Gang?
ITS 3AM I SO HAPPY IM AWAKE
Hi i love ya
Imagine a heart from dream shorts
Hi
Forsttt
Early af
Hi
Ok
Nice
Alright
Ok
1st lol
finally. a youtube short
YESS
ok
I love a good 3am dream shorts
im in AN AD ;-;
:O
hello dream <3
hiiii
Technobell.
HEHE
Lol I'm first
X  aqqqq
hey
Ok
Lol
20 second gang
Second lol
Earlyy
Nice
Ok
why am i up at this time.
Bro I’m early to a Dream video wtf
Hi
He comes again ❤️
Hi
oh hell nooooo
Secend lets goooo
One
pog
Lol
First
POGG
Hi Love your vids
ily
nice
hi
Hahahahah
Hi
"yoooooo... yooooooo"
Early!
boi
PFT
TECHNOCONTENT!!
1st
It has been a long time 🥺🥺🥺🥺🥺
wooo firstt
3th5
Baby
ez
sus
First lol letss goo
drem
Merchant
Poo
Say it with me   TECHNOCONTENT
Lets go
:0
Hello
Cool finally
20/10
hi
Finally, about time
First
E
Dream pls heart my comment ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Nice
Why
Early!!!!!!!!
E
:D
First comment
:)
Les go
:(
Hello
The merchant!!!
Boi
Nice
Yooooo
Xddd
First
Hello
1
hey 🙏🏻
POGGGG
Why is this posted so late
Resident evil 4
YEAAAAA
Lets gooooo
YESSSSS
i miss sapnap
Pig. Pog.
Eirly
Drem?
Ok
E
It’s 1:13Am
First
ok
Yo
first i think
Yoooooooooo
Hi
hiii
Yes funny of dream short
hey
Not first lol
Finally, after all these years… A Dream Shorts uplod
First love ur vids
om
DREAM SHORTS YES
:3
AWESOME 👹
I love dream
Hii
first lol
Hi dream
AYY IM FIRST
hi
“I’m ѕυвѕ¢яιвιηg тσ єνєяуσηє ωнσ ѕυвѕ¢яιвєѕ тσ мє αη∂ ℓιкєѕ тнιѕ ¢σммєηт”❤️❤️🔥🔥
first
Hi!
ok
Early
hi
First
Yo
Ok
Hello
First
Early
hi
BUT LOOK I MADE YOU SOME CONTENT
SO TRUE
Dream it’s 3AM IN THE MORNING
3rd
First
Language !!!!!!
Less go
Ok
Hi
Here
e
Nice
Dnf
OK
It's 2 am wtf
Lmao
hi dream
nice
First yes
2th
Hello
Ok
Lmao ok
WOOOOO
Early
Sixth
Early :D
Hi
Woooooo
Woo
Yes
YAYAYYATAYAYA EARLY
hi
Hi dream
TOUR BACK
Firsttt!!!!!!!
POGGG
TECHNOCONTENT
New meme
ok
First
Hahaha
Cool
Pog
OMG I AM THE FIRST
Early
Yuh yuh wassup
Ok
Third :D
Hi
First hi
O
Ok
Ok
wow finallh
ok
Pogggg
ok
gaming
First
Ok
yes
HI DREMA SHORTS
E
Ok
YEEEESSSSSS
Ok
.
2nd
EARLY
༎ຶ‿༎ຶ
Ok
Coooool
OwO
yoo
yoo
Same…
Bruh
hello
Dream why so early
Early
1st
Breh
Ok
Hi
Earlyyyyy
POG
Ok
First
Hello
Hi
Hey
First
𝑜𝑘
Yoo first
Daddy dream
hi
ok
Another video, finally.
Burrrrrrrrrrr
no
First
so true bff
Firsttt
Bruh
THIRD
Dreams gay
E
Pigs...
wow first
Ok
First
First
nice
Moo
HIII
First
Yaya
1st
Ok
Nice
First
ABOUT DAMN TIME
Hiii dweam
Hi
ok
Oh
when u been in the nether too long:
First
.
Love ur videos
Monke
Hi
First
Ok
😂😂😍
ok
OBX
YEAH
E
xD
Funny how the piglin has many gold helmets
ok
ok
