Correction: The Ford Dealership in Hastings, Nebraska contacted us and said they never had this truck in their possession but that it came from a dealership in Kansas. The dealership we purchased the truck from fixed the Raptor and now the mirror switch works.
Let’s not forget taxes out the door this truck was closer to 86 k. Please correct me if I’m wrong
“We’re not going to pay $111,000 for a Raptor” FAST FORWARD TO 2023… “We just bought a Raptor R for $112,000, we are so excited!!!”
Even though I have owned and loved Ford's all my life, my experiences with Ford dealers buying new cars have ALL been bad.
I've never had a positive dealer experience in my life.  The more ford corporate can bypass dealers and move towards a direct to consumer purchase cycle, the happier I'll be.  Yes, i can get my vechicle serviced at the dealer if I want to be raped for service, but I also have free market options as well.  The fact that dealers can sell 'used' cars as new if under, what 5k miles?  Is a ripoff, those are call used cars and should be discounted accordingly.  Sorry about your bad experience Roman, but that's that kind of crap that I've learned to also expect from the corrupt dealer networks in the USA.
When I went on the hunt for my Raptor (Gen 1). I went to a dealership who told me because the vehicle doesn't have a current inspection sticker, that I wouldn't be able to test drive it (a popular ploy in NH for reasons unknown).   I walked away.
My dealership canceled my order and proceeded to sell my new 2021 Platinum truck to someone else at a higher price. The dealership told me that my order was cancelled and moved to the next model year forced by Ford Corp, I have been going to this dealership for a LONG TIME and have never been treated this bad. Outcome... I got a lower trade in value, lost all my incentives and now I have to pay the newer model year mark up too... ... I waited 3 months for the 2021 truck to come in only to get the rug pulled out. Dealerships can really have a negative impact on a brand. If this dealership does this with the sales process, how can I trust the service  department, management, etc. SUCH BAD FORM!!
This should be called Romans rant . but yes you are right on this one . good video. 🤘🤘🤘🤘ps I in enjoy the rants specially at the airport parking garage.
I’m trying to get one but everyone is doing mark ups
The mirrors work you have to pick a mirror first and the light will turn yellow and then you adjust it
Do you still have the blue one
Never buy a car or truck in Colorado that’s one thing that I learn when I moved there
I have a 2020 Raptor and now beginning to wonder when Covid started and how that would have affected the build.  It just rolled over 20k miles.  With no issues  but I will be checking build date later today.
Where did all the Ford raptors go in the US?
That’s just tiny problems comparing to mine. Paid markup. Got engine replaced at 5000 miles. Whole transmission replaced at 28000 miles. Both under warranty repair. But the truck still drive like shit. Not even mention problems like sunroof didn’t open, rear view mirror not working, noisy frame....Btw al the miles were all normal city &hwy driving... Ford sucks!!
asking price and what it sells for are 2 different things
In Sweden this car cost $130k and you have to pay ca $2k in  roadtax every year and the petrol price is 3 times higher. You have to  be really Rich to afford this car.
Rich people problems
Wow... That's not good. Makes you wonder what else might happen down the line.
It's simple ford
Th Ats  Ford 4 u  Enjoy your used  truck
2 SECONDS after 2021 Raptor comes out Ford is gonna have a hard time in the factories
A covid truck ???? LMFAO, stop it with that stupid yearly flu shit already.....it's nothing but an excuse for laziness
Ford went way down hill after the 7.3 & 5.0. 6.0 mega issues, 5.4 issues,6.4 junk, & 6.7 issues. And expensive!
See...never think a stock StupidCharger is a game changer. I went Mallet and a 240km/hr with a Chevy under $65K
Wait so you drive the truck for 200 miles and didn't notice the mileage to begin with?  Regarding the broken switch, doesn't shock me.  I had a brand new Ranger with the bells and whistles and it lost 40% of its value and began to already show signs of wear (sunbursting paint/fading cloth seats) in the first 25K miles.  Never again with an American brand!  Can there be lemons with foreign manufacturers?  Sure thing but the percentage of poor quality between foreign and US manufacturers leans towards the US.
You guys put up with way too much shite,
This is the review I expect from a 60 year old CO vlogger wearing a flannel and fresh checkered vans!   Lemme guess... next week he will have a passive aggressive video about how the Raptor is a little too intimidating next to his son’s Tesla!!
I think i got cancer from this comment section
Hello TFL guys, have you had any cam phaser, timing or turbo problems. Seems like evryone i know who had one dealt with these three issues and eventually got rid of em.....17, 18 and 19s. Dont know about any 20s yet.
Broken mirror switch? Hold my beer. I bought a brand new F-250. The speaker in the pass door wasn't plugged in, the hitch receiver holes didn't line up, and the best one... They had to replace the entire front end. took a month before I could drive it home. Made them give me a 5 yr platinum warranty before I would drive it off the lot. Of course, it took a letter from my lawyer to get it.
You should have mentioned that dealer by name. So we know who not to buy from!
It's a Ford, what do you expect??? Ford's are notorious for lots of issues.  This thing is a ugly, overpriced truck. There is nothing manly about this truck. It's high priced, cheap looking interior, and full of plastic on the outside.  This truck just screams city slicker trying to be a country boy. The giant Ford on the front is tacky as hell. The thing is packed with so many electrical systems that it must have a mile of wiring... I have some serious questions.  1. Have the shifting issues with Ford transmissions been fixed? 2. How often does the oil pump drive belt have to be replaced? 3. Has the death wobble been resolved? 4. Does it have the startup issues like the Explorer have?  I am sorry, I would feel stupid driving such a high priced vehicle with the word Raptor all over it 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️. I am willing to bet all that exterior plastic will be faded within a few years.  When the warranty expires, I bet electrical issues will cost a fortune to fix.  In my opinion, people can buy a far better truck that costs a lot less. It also won't have Raptor written all over it 🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
Give it a few more thousand miles or so. You'll find the undercarriage starting to rust, including the exhaust hangers, rear end, etc. Then there is the history of engine issues, software problems and other items that'll make you pull your hair out, if you have any. Sadly this isn't the only brand and models with quality issues. It doesn't seem to matter what the price tag is, quality is not something on carmakers radar anymore.
I live in Canada.  My last 2 trucks were purchased out of town.  I don't mind driving 5 or so hours to pick up my new truck.  They get the down payment through an E-transfer. They get the balance when I get to the dealer and have seen the truck.  They're told that if the truck has over 20 kilometers on it, there will be no sale.  In other words it better not be the daily driver for the coffee run.  I also tell them to take off any dealer badging unless they want to pay me to advertise their business.
Same thing happened to me with a Jeep Wrangler. Brand new! At least that's what's the dealership told me before I made the 2 hour drive. Got there and the Jeep had almost 3k miles on it. It had a new sticker price on it, but it was used. It wasn't titled to anyone yet, so, in their eyes, it was new. Found out the guy who owned the dealership let his daughter drive it around for a few months. Dealerships are the worst.
I refer to them as stealerships for a reason. As much as I love my Tesla, the best part of purchasing one is not having to visit a stealership. Ordered exactly what I wanted online, paid a set price with no haggling or markup, and picked it up a couple weeks later.
Momma says "I am special too!"
It’s a Ford lol of course it’s broke!
Don't understand why are you surprised: It's a FORD.
I quit buying Fords years ago-the dealers are horrid--everything is a battle or lie.BTW--saleens and shelbies--many Fords will not honor the warranty and will simply state they do not have shelby or saleen techs.Ford gives the absolute lowest on trade ins--marks up vehicles--haggles all day--then if anything goes wrong they do not want to have anything to do with you.
Try being a minority at a dealership.
First world problems.
Love the product, hate the dealers. Ford dealers local to Memphis have been horrendous to deal with in Raptor service. Go do a group run and you will forget all about it!
Ouch. Now you have to get rid of this for the 2021 raptor that’s out this summer.
That’s your fault there job is to make money you should have checked
Now I know to never buy a Ford.
Sounds like you’re the one that screwed up by not checking all this stuff before buying it!!!!!
The Raptor gets a bad rap for a reason...think about it.
I thought  dealerships had to provide you with the odometer statement upon purchase?
Dealers are the scum of the Earth and the reason all these manufacturers will fail
Appreciate the Honest review as usual.  Buttons knobs and other parts not working or breaking on Fords is pretty common. It's probably a good thing you guys purchased at a local dealership, as the truck will spend a lot of time in the repair shop with Warranty issues.
dealers are garbage...any dishonest dealer should be reported to Ford.  I've seen Ford close down dealers or at least keep them from having access to special vehicles
Built during COVID makes a difference?  Any proof to this or you just like spreading unsubstantiated claims?
My Tacoma and my FJ are staying in my Garage...
Lol..Ford quality
Patience ..will saves you ton of money
The Stealership, parts and car sales. Don't feel bad the Stealership is scamming someone today as we speak, remember if they hide stuff from you it's not a lie or breaking of any laws it's basically your fault for trusting them👍
I always thought Raptors rode rough
You do not check a truck out before you buy it and it is their fault not yours. NOT
Hmmm, so now you pay before you see the truck, got it. Kind of your fault.
RAM
Built Ford tough, eh?
Ford stands for fix or repair daily.
I wish you and everyone else will stop blaming poor workmanship on covid
IF you see a price that is lower online take a picture and call the dealer that the vehicle is at, ask for a name and position while recording the phone call to confirm if the price is accurate AND for how long the "deal" will be taking place, Do this covers your butt if or when you go to look at the vehicle and if the vehicle is online and you want to purchase ask for a detailed walkaround video looking at everything.
How do you not ask how many miles it has? Also, how do you pay for something without seeing it? Even if its getting washed, I would have waited brother.
DEALERS ARE GETTING GREEDY I WOULD NOT TAKE IT
So over all Fix Or Repair Daily
Well, your first mistake was telling the guy you wanted the truck before you even laid eyes on it.
still better than the rover
I hate Stealerships , theyre all the same
Curious why you would not by from a different state and have it shipped to you?  Brand new Tahoe I purchased for rescue squad was in tx 10k under window sticker. It was about 600 to ship to NJ..
So you paid for a new truck and got a used truck, gotcha !
If that is all that happened I can't believe that someone would characterize that as "painful". Jesus get a grip. Ok, mirror switch was broken, dealership not paying attention to detail. Extra key gets mailed to the new dealer, ok, couple of days. "Painful"? dude, please re-think your description of what is really painful compared to a couple of small issues that were inconvenient at the most.  Mileage however should have been disclosed ahead of time. Not to the extent that it would be "painful" but dealership should have stepped up and told them the mileage, that's lame for sure.
Well... you bought a ford.
Stop complaining cheapest one around.  1300 miles  is nothing
GOooooo Ford........far awaaaay🤣
You paid cash or have payments ??
Look at the gas mileage!! Screw that!!! I’ll keep my corolla
You must be rich
Who could afford it?!!
I am glad You did this video.  This happens more than we think, it does.
Hmmmm, I kinda learn that lessen when I was 16 ....
Your a sucker dude. You spent $77k for a 1 year old truck it's just an f150
Was this a lesson about buying a used truck?
So why buy the truck?
For the folks giving Roman a hard time for not inspecting everything on the truck before it was purchased- that’s not realistic. Almost no buyer checks everything. You should ask why didn’t the factory find the problem? Most likely the connection came loose.  But I do feel for them having to buy a popular truck at the worst time.  I want to see the year long comparisons.
Are ypu for real or a you guys a fricking joke come on
Dealerships are crooks..nd marking up is bs...u should call out and name the dealership who practices shady deals..that way followers can stay away from them scammers
09:33 you got a little guest 😁🐿️
Disgusting, how they took you for a ride, literally! The most surprising thing is they know you have this channel, yet still didn't care how this would make them look in the eyes of those in the market to buy a truck. My second point is, I have a bad gut feeling regarding the faulty door switch for the mirror. It may seem minor now, but is more than likely a symptom of more problems to come. Especially on a truck with only 1,500 miles! Trucks are meant to last, take a beating, handle the wear and tear, yet keep going beyond the 200,000 mile mark while remaining mechanically sound. I get the sneaky suspicion this thing will have a catastrophic mechanical failure before it reaches 35,000 miles! Then, did I see that right? Is it only a 6 cylinder?
Seems like fraud to sell this as new with that many miles. However seems like you can flip it for 30 k profit and pay for something else. I’m guessing it must have been a demo vehicle.
Good thing there are state laws to keep dealerships in business. What would we do without them?
Dave Ramsey saying rn sell that crap rn lol 😆
Your mistake was saying thanks, but no thanks and cancelling the deal.  If you financed that truck, they have our second key just in case they need to repo the truck.  Theres no way in a million years wold I ave driven that truck off the lot.
u do understand AT MSRP the dealers make no money? Were you born yesterday old timer? And you dont know a scam when one presents itself to u
Every time  I get depressed and lonely, I'll go to a car lot so a salesman will come out greet me like if I'm lost friend.
I remember back in 2019 I was going to buy a raptor. I tried negotiating with the dealer and was stonewalled the entire time. After getting we don’t negotiate on the price on raptors. We get sticker plus on them because they are limited Producion and rare. I said well it’s not to rare, you have ten on the lot. You have about 60 other trucks so 1 in 7 is not all that rare.
Maybe its because I am getting close to retirement but collectively I think we have lost our minds. Vehicles should not cost this much. They are a depreciating asset. They are not even an asset really, more of a liability.
Thís channel should be renamed to : "Trouble For Long.."
Shady sales persons always lie.
Years ago I ordered a brand new Ford-150, navy blue, a truck I wanted since I was a kid.  I had the salesman write onto the sales transaction “no more than 100 miles on odometer”.  This is reasonable for a custom order vehicle. I placed a deposit of $500.00 during the sale transaction. When my ‘new truck’ finally arrived it had 250 miles on the meter.  I held the sales agreement about 4 inches from the salesman’s face, and asked him, “what does this agreement that we made say, in writing?” He would not answer. Told him and everyone in the area could hear me, “you breached your own contract, now the sale is void... “ It took six months to get my deposit back, but I got it back.    Listen folks, hold people in any transaction, to their exact words, and get in writing. God bless.
Moral of the story look at it, before you pay. lol
LOL that thing sat on showroom floor everyone farted in that one.
Car dealers are all the same. Just remember that. Don't kick a dog for doing dog things. At the same time, don't be afraid to give them the boot. Hold no loyalties when it comes to them because they certainly don't for you.... I don't care if your cousin vinny from childhood works there or not. All snakes. Treat as such.
I love this Land Rover Hybrid truck. How much did the dealer charge  for the seat impermiabilization, teflon paint protection, electronic anti corrosion module and nitrogen tire inflation??
I like the Tatraplan picture on the wall. When I was small, I could still see them on the road sometimes.
It was a dealer Demo truck. Meaning the GM or sales manager was driving it. That’s why it had miles on it.
Why in the heck wouldn't you look at the truck, take at least 10 minutes?!?!
You should make an OBD scan to make sure the mileage in the computer is the same as the dash display.
Broken switch? That's Ford.
That is a House in the South
For a real compare with the Dodge TRX you have the F-150 Raptor with more hp.
I like TFL but all this hate on Ford is getting super annoying
No matter how much research you do and verification, they always, always, always ding you, for as much as they can!
What?! Buy a new car without even checking its mileage?! I have bought 8 vehicles and not gonna spend a dime if my new vehicles crossed 150 miles let alone 1000 miles...
Sounds like a difficult customer : (   Most dealers are marking this up..they could have made another $10,000 on it but they are honorable..It has 1100 miles on it, so what..it's trivial really..you didn't really ask anything about it..or even look at it.They are to blame ?
November of 2019 is 2020 model year.  It's the showroom truck, that all of the tire kickers want to test drive.  Loaded Raptor, top of the line.  It bounced around, very few of your farmers and ranchers in Nebraska, Kansas can buy a toy like that.  But, will take a test drive on a rainy day.
you did buy this truck over the phone...
Normal usa dealership behaviors.  Your lucky they drudgery go race out at the track on first night before giving it to you.
Bought a new 2020 F150 4x4 I notice a chip in the driver side front fascia. Brought it to their attention and they said Ford doesn’t cover defects. Wow now I have to order the fascia have it painted and installed on my dime  They even said looks like it came off the mold defected. I thought the dealership was going to replace it they said no now they are sending the issue to Ford Motor Co. Looks like a lost cause. Thanks Ford
You're to nice with the dealerships. Start calling it like it is for the average Joe and their families.
I am saying this as someone who drives an F150. Paying $70k+ for anything with a Ford emblem on it is just silly.
Jack asses with C- reviews.
Nov19 surely is 20 model year  As for a 1000 plus miles that's a demo truck "  And should of been sold at a reduced price '  Or at least been informed '  That's sharp practice ' the exact reason dealers get a bad rap '
Simple: It's called supply and demand.
Should have checked out everything before signing up papers ...
Long story short - you would have been presented papers to sign - you either renegotiate for a demo or walk.   Simple process.   Buyer beware......trust but verify.  This is different - it is a business not his personal car.  When it’s your personal car - you verify the car is what they say.
So, it sounds to me like Ford is not only shady but also a pos product.  Just look at at your land rover for example.   There is a reason I'm only buying Toyota anymore.
So post the name of the dealer and the name of the sales person.  I certainly wouldn't use the word "nice" because they're fixing the issues.
Ơn the sales contract that you signed would have disclosed the actual Miles when you purchase the car. May be DMV could help.
How are they doing that,really. It’s called capitalism/the free market the dealership owns the trucks if they can get 110/120 kudos
Doesn’t matter it’s a Fix Or Repair  Daily otherwise known as a FORD
Quality is job one... Or was... Or should be...  Oh Ford, c'mon.
Haha this was a great story!
I just got my 2019 with the top 802a package with only 7,000 miles for $60,000....mint condition and they even had upgraded wheels and tires! I love it.
Americans love their Fords
Ford is about like Land Rover
Ford cars are crap 💩 from experience
I would be just as pissed off if I was in your shoes I hope they get everything fixed for you
Car salesmen and lawyers. Worst slime there is.
Good for you guys for sharing your buying and ownership experiences on the vehicles you buy. Hoping companies notice this and use it to make improvements.
Dealerships are so sleazy sometimes
why do always people try to stick you up?? raptor , LR, whats next. got to say these make killer content
I just got a trail boss 6.2 and I will never ever buying a truck from classic Chevrolet sugar land,tx lol
Try Turdyota . That is painful
I hate dealing with dealerships.
Your obvious bias against Ford is boring. Ever since you leaked info and they black balled you, you have been a male Karen towards Ford. This video was awful. Basically you bought a 70K plus truck without even adjusting your mirrors to test drive it or notice the mileage. Then you made a video to whine that it was all someone else’s fault. That’s fairly petty of you. Maybe get past your bias, or let someone else do the reviews. That way they won’t be tainted.
Look at my new Ford...it’s a 6 cylinder with piped in exhaust sound😂
1.Ford 2. Ford dealership Cannot expect less.
In wisconsin dealerships arent allowed to sell a truck as "new" if i has 500 miles or more on it
Funny I ran into a Chevy pickup ad on a heading about problems on a Ford product. Great timing you think?
Truck not worth what people  are paying!!!
too bad the GM, Ford, and Dodge dont have more control over dealership pricing.
I'm actually surprised that the stealership did this to you since you're pretty well known in the auto youtube platform.They just don't care who they screw
Are usually buy vehicles private party because most dealer experiences are terrible
My wife and I were looking at the 2019 Expeditions. We drove 3 limited trim trucks, all had issues. Interior trim coming loose, condensation in the head lamps, tail lamps. Very disappointing in a $70k truck.
need fed to step in to take down dealer associations .They are not to protect customer but to rip off. Seriously need a bill
in Canada you can buy a raptor at $8000 less than MSRP right now.
LOVE WATCHING THIS CHANNEL GROW AND BECOME EVEN EVEN BETTER!
The future value of the truck when you sell it won't be impacted by the miles that you put on it plus the approximate 1100 miles already on it.    The person that will feel the 1100 miles is the very last owner as it will  be short of going an extra 1100 miles  before it finally quits running.  I have bought many vehicles that were dealer transfers or demos and never really cared about the begining miles on them.   I got a better price at the beginning and got current market price when I got rid of it.  Someone down the road will feel the pain with repair bills that I never had to do.   Plate [C]
This is why you never trust the so called experts in most fields especially vehicles as everyone would throughly look over a vehicle no matter the price when buying this shouldn’t make people mad at the dealership people should be mad at this guy and the channel  by them openly ruining their reputation. Now ive been watching the channel for a little over 2 years and ive always been disappointed with it in my opinion it is water down unfunny top gear the new one not the OG crew
Wow what a horrible customer service. Literally scamming people. And I'm shocked you still say they are "nice guys" lol Come on are you kidding me??
I think the point of this video is that dealers drop the ball all the time. If it can happen to these guys, it absolutely can happen to the uninformed general public.
Did you just copied cars&bids from doug?
That's a jumping truck! Best make sure some of those initial miles weren't spent airborne!  🛻
"Sure, my offer is 0 because I just bought one at MSRP.  Must not have wanted to sell it I guess."
OK this is pretty incredible this is a car review person and he doesn’t know that cars are made a year or years prior to what they’re advertised as smh
That's Ford.  Bought a new Fusion a few years ago and the power steering broke at 75 miles  outside mirror broke at 2,000 miles. A/C went out at 40,000, in July in FLORIDA on a Friday. Service not open on weekends.  It was in service for 2 days.  Was not my first new Ford to have so many problems. I was a fool for buying another. Just shows you can't cure stupid!
I know it wasn't an option in this case, but if you really want an unmolested new vehicle you need to order from the factory.  It's a satisfying feeling knowing that your vehicle was only ever built for you and you alone.
This is why I'm about to go grab a Titan pro 4x.  61k sticker - advertising $45k .  I think the raptor is 20% cooler of a truck but not worth paying 60% more, at least not for me.
Imagine complaining about things that are wrong with a $70,000 without going to see it lmao or just checking the listing
You are so easy going, from the Defender to the Raptor. I hope this is the one and only necessary repair.  Merry Christmas
squirel
Over 1k miles , that is considered  a used truck . False advertising no matter how you look at it.
The current state of pickup truck development makes me sad for america. What ridiculous piles of gimmicky, gadgety junk.
You just pointed out it may have been a Covid truck. So, yea, you kind of are saying that COVID affected manufacturing. But you may not be wrong. Hopefully there are no other surprises.
How many cars do you guys buy and you don’t do basic checks?
What are the odds that as a mechanic, I fixed a window switch for a new ford & now I see a broken window switch on a new ford.
97% of the auto dealers give the other 3% a bad name.
well that's a good thing at least it's been broken in LOL or is that 1000 miles hopefully it wasn't thrashed by the idiot who drove it from there though.
Thank you, interesting report! If I may, for future videos, any thoughts on setting up a fresh division, "TFL Rebuilt"? To know the challenges with vehicles as much a possible, beforehand 👍
The dealer can’t program a new key?
Between this and the Defender you guys been having bad luck with new cars!
Man U bought a used truck
you should have terminated the sale.
..so much for built Ford tough.
first world problems! this is the problem with society
Love the show guys , you buy a Ford you're going to have problems.   They're crap
Sorry people in the comments are such b-holes y’all are doing a great job and this can happen to anyone. Keep up with the honest videos.
I had to navigate all that dealer markup bs when I bought my fully loaded ‘18 raptor. Also got it for sticker, but it wasn’t used for 1,000 or broken. Needless to say, I’ve already traded it in (last year). It’s a good looking truck, but that’s where the specialness ends. Tech is just okay, 10-speed trans is terrible, mpgs is horrendous for premium gas and the truck just doesn’t sound good like the v8. Love the looks, but it wears off over time. Hope they fix all those issues with the next gen.
What happened to full disclosure? 1100 miles on it and a year old should constitute a used truck
Why would you sign the papers before seeing the truck?
So for those of us who live in North Colorado, can you tell us which Ford dealers you like to work with, and why?
Wow. First world problems. Oh the agony
Demo truck lol
Didn’t want to buy a Ram TRX or wait for the next Gen Raptor?
We'll see in a year if this was a wise purchase. Dealerships are there to make money. If you get screwed, well, that's just the price of a new car. Hopefully there won't be any other issues. Wait until the paint starts to oxidize from the bad paint job on the aluminum.
Thats one way to make your name monkey!
Just found one for 59k with 13k miles
Well it's a Ford, I gave uo on them a long time ago.
I feel your pain. I learned over the years how to avoid being screwed by dealers.
Dealers / car salesmen 🤬
Algoritms slower outside your district. Google know your value. Test the algoritms by look for hotelroom online. And sheck with a friend.
It kills me that manufacturers spend so much money on advertising and trying to create desire for their cars and trucks in the public and as a customer, it’s one of our biggest purchases, and you want it to be a nice experience, but no. The dealership experience is almost always bad with their stupid games and lies. It doesn’t have to be this way, but nothing has really changed in decades. I guess it’s the best way for them to maximize profit, it’s a terrible customer experience and can be so bad that you might never by that brand of car again.
Really, who would be dumb enough to pay overage on a discontinued vehicle when they will be reintroducing the new model shortly?  These are leftovers and really should be discounted to move them off the lot before the new ones arrive. As for the miles, it was likely a demo or a dealer car (sales/execs drove it).
A COVID truck??? Is this a thing now??
Men another new broken car , is some kind of penitence ?
Why do people even want to take car/truck buying advice from TFL lol
Have to wait for the key from nebraska?!?!  Isnt that the one thing they could immediately do is get u a key from their parts dept?  Wtf?
Wow this does not give a good image of you guys. Who the hell buys a vehicle without prior inspection of it.
Good you are a spoiled individual.  Go inside your Raptor and cry. Get outta here.
dealers suck ass .. everyone hates the dealers crap. Tesla sailing model is coming.
I got one of the last 2020 SCABs with a 360 cam in socal for 1k over sticker. I hated  paying dealer markup, but after getting em down to 1k I was able to stomach it.
What i hate about dealerships is that they lie so much
At around 13,000 miles the raptor will need a new timing chain. The last two I’ve had an 18 and 20 models both failed between 13 to 15 thousand miles. They’re not even worth MSRP!
some people never learn ..last thing you wanna do when dropping close to 80 k to get what's available
It's good to remember why I avoid dealers .  And to realize you can still have problems with new vehicles.
Old man complains.
How does a guy who works in the vehicle industry for years not know to do due diligence? You’ll continue to be scammed if you don’t take control of the major decisions. $77k for a demo Raptor, wow. And you paid sticker for it.
Inspect the vehicle first, iron out all the details, and then pay. Honestly it’s disgusting that these trucks are going for 2X MSRP. I build a raptor for $52,000 on the Ford site, then when I view inventory the cheapest one is $105,000. I can’t wait for the Raptor version of the Bronco, at least I can sell my house, and move my family in.
I would see them in court!
congrats!  you bought a used vehicle
first you have to do this  1.Romans 10:9-10   King James Version   9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved. 10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation.   2. for your name be in the book of life.Revelation 20:15   King James Version   15 And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire.    3. be born again.John 3   King James Version   3 There was a man of the Pharisees, named Nicodemus, a ruler of the Jews: 2 The same came to Jesus by night, and said unto him, Rabbi, we know that thou art a teacher come from God: for no man can do these miracles that thou doest, except God be with him. 3 Jesus answered and said unto him, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born again, he cannot see the kingdom of God. 4 Nicodemus saith unto him, How can a man be born when he is old? can he enter the second time into his mother's womb, and be born? 5 Jesus answered, Verily, verily, I say unto thee, Except a man be born of water and of the Spirit, he cannot enter into the kingdom of God.   4. after you do all that then you have to put the full armor of God  Ephesians 6:10-18   King James Version   10 Finally, my brethren, be strong in the Lord, and in the power of his might. 11 Put on the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to stand against the wiles of the devil. 12 For we wrestle not against flesh and blood, but against principalities, against powers, against the rulers of the darkness of this world, against spiritual wickedness in high places. 13 Wherefore take unto you the whole armour of God, that ye may be able to withstand in the evil day, and having done all, to stand. 14 Stand therefore, having your loins girt about with truth, and having on the breastplate of righteousness; 15 And your feet shod with the preparation of the gospel of peace; 16 Above all, taking the shield of faith, wherewith ye shall be able to quench all the fiery darts of the wicked. 17 And take the helmet of salvation, and the sword of the Spirit, which is the word of God: 18 Praying always with all prayer and supplication in the Spirit, and watching thereunto with all perseverance and supplication for all saints;   5. after that you can do spiritual warfare. against any witch or demon or devil.
FORD wtf !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Gen 2 raptor is the best looking truck with good power/MPG ratio
It’s a ford, they will always break 😂
Caveat Emptor.
And people complain that new Land Cruisers are too expensive.
The dealer is really nice lol.
give him a free carwash and call it an even !!!!!
9:52 You got squirreled.
Every vehicle I have ever purchased has required an odometer statement at the time of purchase.  When you guys signed paperwork you didn't question this?
Found truck for $65,000, reasonably priced...  um, no.  No that is not a reasonable price for a truck.  Bought a truck sight unseen.  LOLOLOLOL
Sales Manager probably beat on it during a weekend out
Who wants an outgoing Raptor with a Junk Ecoboost engine
Why another Raptor 🥱
COVID = PLANDEMIC biggest hoax every told the world
I wouldn't of paid half that price for one of those
Could the Ford emblem in the grille be any BIGGER ?
Those turbo V6s are going to be the biggest POS when they start getting miles over 100K They are already leaking oil with 20K on them, and what a bitch to work on !!!!
Honestly you probably would have bought it happily without the $10k markup if they had just disclosed the condition. Still a great deal considering. Unfortunately as a repeat customer, there was a level of trust you showed them to buy sight unseen that they broke. Now you doubt what else they didnt tell you.. never pays to be dishonest.
Most dealers are just giant money “cream skimming” machines. Forget the “big 3”. Gone are the days of the buck stopping anywhere. Day was you could walk into a dealer and talk to the owner. All the people there are now “slave pawns”. Just buy a Toyota anything. They are not perfect either but they are close and the most reliable. Their trucks are geared 4.30 and haven’t changed much in years. The others will gimmick you to the poor house.
man that Rapid Red never gets old!
Gah!!!  So it was you that got that truck. I was looking at it for over a week. You beat me to it.
Damn, you guys are just not having any luck lately.
Dudes.... you have to watch this one, dudes..😁😂😂 https://youtu.be/rLwbzGyC6t4
what does covid have to do with poor quality assembled truck? Just mad you got hosed on a turd
typical dealership attitudes. Dealerships need to go away . Teslas model of buying online is the way to go and  hopefully one day these criminals are not allowed to sell vehicles anymore. Manufacturer to customer is what should happen.
Waah....
Ahhh 2020 the year filled with fakery  Fake news  Fake election  And now ...   Fake dealerships ( comon man ...)      Happy holidays TFL truck      God bless you      God bless our president       And God bless America
Same thing happens to me. Had a "new" Altima with 4500 miles  and they  try to sell it to me as band new vehicle. Nissan of mission hills CA. Don't trust them!
like your show, and the videos you guys put out ... for the truck lol I just came out of similar thing on my ram ... Have to say you are one of the very few people, like me, that still believe in honest repeat business xD
So you had to have the old Raptor, but you want the new TRX to compare it to? I know who is getting scammed...your viewers.
That's you're fault for buying something sight unseen. Sure a dealership should make damn sure you're treated right but we all know how car dealerships are, they're more than willing to give you the shaft without you bending over and asking for it.
I've read reports that suggest the 2021 model will be coming a few months after the 2021 F-150 lineup is introduced (Nov-Dec), which would mean Feb-Mar of 2021.  Why do you say it will be coming at the end of 2021?
Sounds like they sold you a used car... They are supposed to deliver those on a tow truck not drive the actual truck across state lines .. cmon man lol
Why did you buy it than!?
Never “assume” anything, it makes an “ass” out of “u” and “me” (ass-u-me). You never asked the dealership how many miles were on it. Never buy a car that you have not looked at before purchase. Just common sense!......
your fault for not going to see the truck in person
"Price Fixing" is illegal and dealerships do it regionally all the time.
That’s why I hate and I mean I hate buying a new truck. It’s just not a nice experience. And dealerships should work on that. Or at least MFGs should start putting rules on there dealers.
Next time buddy inspect the truck before you buy it. Always  Never assume everything is fine until  you do the research on the truck before you buy
I’m not really a Ford guy (nothing against them, just prefer other brands) but there is something about the Raptor. The size, the stance, the looks, etc. Everything is spot on.
Invoice them for .50 a mile.   Non disclosed rental fee for the miles put on your new truck.
A covid truck? Is that why the defender was faulty? What a stupid thing to say, and roman has said a lot of stupud things.
also.riding my motorcycle to work,past a work truck on I-75 at calhoun ga.in 2016,ladders,drop cords hanging from the bed rack,etc.when i got right next to it saw the graphics with the word raptor.i slowed and stared.i figured she got the house....sorry you guys got treated that way on the raptor.all my vehicles are always used.i do all the work on my stuff,n know what to look for ,or go learn what to look for.yall done better buying the used stuff.got me thinkin bout a disco..caveat emptor
This guy got a killer deal on a Raptor that you just cannot find... Stuff happens with the key and the mirrors, as for the miles that should have been disclosed but you still would have bought the truck at MSRP.
FORD Freakin Owner's Real Dumb.
its same as plastation 5 on ebay...hand sanitizer few months ago....just wait....
Between the Raptor and the Defender,  I wouldn't trust these guys to pick out a bicycle for me.
First a $55k Land Rover and now a $77k Raptor with issues.  What ever happened to that white Wrangler that died on you??
Welp! To be honest, most dealerships these days don't still have factory new car smell unless you specifically order the vehicle from the factory and tell the dealership not to clean it up. I know that from years of working in a dealership. But you also had an issue with the the mileage on the truck, many dealerships do what they call dealer trades, and whatever the distance they will drive them to the other dealer to trade for another vehicle that a customer may want. Another thing is, that truck could have been a demo at the dealership where a sales person or upper management was driving it until it was sold. Often times they drive them to 500 - 1000 miles then sale them still as a new vehicle.
Thats insane.
Disappointed with the Ford dealers again.  I love Ford and will always have a Ford truck but there is no good dealers in the Chicago area.
Get used to warranty work. Fords not the same truck from the 80s See if you can beat my record 13 times to the dealer in three years. at least it was covered.
Car dealerships are a time warp 1 hour becomes 4hrs and the pressure tactics are bad.
What a Shame by Ford Dealer!
Order your trucks when they are still in production.
I don't get this why is that every car u buy has problem, first I saw defender now raptor, then there is Tesla ,,,, something's fishy with u guys
Lesson learned is never do paper work till you fully tested drive and inspect vehicle. I always test every single option a vehicle has on a test drive.
Just clicked on to say no brand new Raptor is bad experience.
There's a lot of whining in this video. Roman didn't do his homework, and now is paying for it. He bought a truck that was likely driven by various sales people, hence the mileage. And the mirror switch was broken, which he would have noticed if he did something as basic as adjust his mirrors before he drove off the lot. And then he makes this huge fuss over "I was told it was a 2020", as if he'd somehow been lied to - and shows us the door sticker, that tells us it's a 2020, built in November '19.  And if this dealership is right next door, and they're great, then why didn't he talk to them first?  This is why I tend to ignore TFL posts with Roman. He's just gotten really whiny. I'll stick with the rest of the crew.
There’s a reason those lights stay on all night...  they are making money
I’m surprised seeing these comments.  There aren’t any left and you got it at MSRP.  Why are you complaining?  Ok it’s basically a demo you bought so they made a couple grand more.  Others are selling for insane prices.  Also, of course it was made in 2019, that’s normal and marked as a 2020.  You expect a fresh gorgeous perfect car but you know there are none left.  Maybe just be happy you got one for the cheapest price available??? 🙄
Shit wish I could sell second hand shit for brand new
Totally is a used truck ,return it and turn to brand new Ram TRX
Can we please get rid of dealerships?
Buy only a TRX you will get better service ! A raptor with a lawn mower 3,5 double turbos junks 3 radiators ,just to be seen ''woke'' to environmentalists crowds !
You never buy a vehicle you haven’t examined and tried out.
they saw you coming take it back
The truth is i cant blame them for wanting to get overage. If you owned that dealship would you do the same . Someone will buy it. The demand is there. The truth is you dont have to buy it PERIOD.
This happened to my dad's 2006 Ford GT. The Owner of the dealership apparently was driving it with dealer tags. My dad looked at it and it had 172 miles on it and my dad was pissed, since it was supposed to be special ordered.  My dad got in contact with corporate and not sure if it was because of this, but 10 years ago (4 years after) they closed that dealership down.
Noooooo, buy at Toyota because they are made in Texas. I bought a second F150 King Ranch in 2013 and the ac blower motor stopped working at 26,000 mile. No more Fords for me.
I'll never buy a new truck again...    3 months ago I bought a $44,000 (sticker ..didn't pay this much) 2020 Chevy Silverado,    3 days after owning it it needed service (error codes for brakes.. and brakes malfunctioned... antilock stopped working).        However the main reason I won't do this again... 3 days ago a drunk driver smashed into this truck while it was parked on the street ... the truck was pushed at least 12ft into another car.. the frame is bent (needs new frame)... However because it is supposedly worth $44K the insurance won't total it... they want to repair it (new frame ..etc etc damage..)   and stick me with a basically salvage truck while I'm paying for a brand new truck....        I'm fighting the insurance now... but I'm not sure what the other guys insurance is like... ??? who knows... the repair (if they do this will take months but the rental car coverage ends after 30days..)      I'll have to fill a loss of use claim on the drunks insurance (assuming he has it / enough)...         I hate this situation.... anyways.. don't buy a expensive new truck ..if it gets hit the insurance will try everything to avoid totaling it..    buy a 10yr old truck that isn't worth enough for this kinda bullsh*t...    anyone know anything / is a lawyer with any advice ?? (trying to find a lawyer local .. but nobody seems to much care unless you were in the truck and injured apparently) feel free to dm.  If i get out of this truck (get them to total it) ... I'm buying a old truck ...not worth it..
Yeah,never really cared for Fords,too many bad experiences with them(except for my dad's 1966 F100 Custom). But I do like me some Raptor!Too bad about the crappy experience tho.Caveat emptor?
Check the law. There's a cut-off mileage for new vehicles. Take the dealer to court.
Thank you for running this through.  You showed us what is on store for the rest of us as well.  Hyper inflation, crappy inventory choices, crappy services, not what was advertised...  take a good look America.  This of what you voted for when asking for Socialist Democrats.  Just a taste!   The attack upon and shut down of America is far from over.  Get ready for your vaccines that won’t hurt much but will only sterilize a few.   Get ready for your micro chip implants; for your safety and convenience.  Get ready for no more cash and very little choices.  But it’s ok really!  Nothing so wrong! Just relax and enjoy the ride.
Ford dealerships are notorious for using shitty tactics like this. I have stopped considering Ford and moved on the Japanese automakers. At least I know I won’t be having car troubles with the Japanese cars.
This video kind like in ram side...  Like make this video is intensional to make ram down
I would have driven the truck before buying it!
WILL NEVER PAY THAT MUCH FOR A FRIGGIN TRUCK.
Haha,ha! Be proud! You bought American! Jeezz..
Ford, Fix Often Repair Daily.
Nice truck , for almost 70 k ,   and 1 year old ,  is a robbery  Bad custom service  Ford dealership , TRX are beating  Raptors
Ford needs to do something about thier Dealerships charging ridiculous so called "Premiums" and not being upfront with customers.
Over priced used truck...FOUND ON ROAD DEAD...f**KED ON RACE DAY...FIX OR REPAIR DAILY.
I’d get that oil changed ASAP.
Those prices are insane
Those mirrors and switch that are broken within 1300 miles are used on every best selling truck in America.  Built Ford tough!
hhmm I wonder what kind of horror stories the average buyer is tolerating? Why haven't you junked the defender?
This is just typical Ford the overprice their shit to the moon when there’s a little demand for a product. I saw the focus rs going for like 70 grand, for a bloody hot hatch. Honestly glad I’m making the switch to gmc over another overpriced fragile Ford product that’s going to give me crank case pressure issues 3 times a year.
Expose Lubbock!
As a current F150 owner, I absolutely love this video. Ford needs to improve their QC for sure.
The amazing thing is had they told you up front you would have still bought it due to the lack of inventory and they would have had a much better relationship with you and maybe got referrals from you. It never ceases to amaze me how short sighted people are for very little $$. They lost a lot more in the long run.
Picked up a new Tacoma two weeks ago, it had 7 miles on it.  When you buy a new truck you buy it so you know exactly what has happened to it for the entirety of your ownership.  1000 miles is a used truck.
Going to say something positive, that’s one fine looking truck. ❤️❤️❤️
This is what happens when car company gets too big for its bridges!
I'm sorry Roman but I think ppl will agree but why the hell would you pay for something that you didn't see nor drive? Do you look both ways before you cross the street?? Smh...come one man...
Damn you whine a lot! I suggest taking your ire back to Land Rover, that purchase was a complete fail!
One of the usual domestic car dealers tales..!
Gez $111k for a raptor! The same amount of money you could get a Tundra for $41-55k and use the remaining $50-60k on upgrades would make it 10x better.
Just got rid of our 2019 raptor...same reason ! Biggest POS ever had . In 1 year was in the shop 8x !
Lesson learned: ALWAYS inspect the vehicle before handing them your cash.....  you just can't trust them.
They don't call them stealerships for nothing......
I think I will keep my plain Jane 1971 Ford F100 !
"At least it wasn't build in covid" - Roman Ah, but according to American Red Cross' stored blood bank samples, covid antibodies were found IN their blood as far back as November 2019. Ck out: https://www.forbes.com/sites/roberthart/2020/12/01/study-suggests-covid-19-was-in-the-us-weeks-earlier-than-thought-before-first-public-cases-in-china/?sh=6d55a2164bf8 Also, Tucker Carlson did a story on it: https://www.foxnews.com/opinion/tucker-carlson-on-chinas-global-fraud-coronavirus   But, Roman, I get your point and am in agreement with you that it should be a better built truck as expected. Nice find and purchase! Thanks for the content.
Just a FYI that this truck was never at Hastings Ford Lincoln in Nebraska. You should ask your selling dealer to recheck where they actually got that truck from. I can tell you that is was never in Hastings, NE and it originated in a completely different state. A simple Google search of the VIN shows that it was also at another dealership, also in that state, not Nebraska. Please stop referencing the Ford store in Hastings, NE as your video is creating an injustice to the wonderful people that work at that dealership.
It has more than 5X the miles you got out of your 1st Land Rover.
I wish if you guys waited for the new upcoming V8 Raptor...this truck is a bad decision in my opinion!
These dealerships are some snakes!!! Just hoping to prey on an idiot with no idea.
OMG! Rabbid squirrel on the fence at 9:35
I have never wanted a vehicle SO MUCH that I am willing to pay MSRP or above.  I get that you are in the truck test and review business and glad that you explained all the pricing shenanigans up front.
I passed on an F150 that was new with 1000 miles on it.
Ford - Quality is Job 394.
"NEW" is classified as NEVER being REGISTERED..  sadly, it can have even more miles in some cases.  The singer Chris Brown once said, "I don't know why you're hating at the club, when you can't even get in the club".   All these effen haters, it's their money, let them spend it where and how ever they want. If you're that good, go buy a Raptor/cars/trucks and start your own YouTube channel. But, probably you're the ones who can't afford it to begin with. It's called video content, they're making money regardless. Stop hating and just kindly STFU and just watch, key board warriors.
Dealers haven't been doing transfers on these trucks for montthhssss
In Michigan they can sell vehicles up to 4000 miles, I think it is, and one year and call it "new".  Generally they discount the price and call it a "demo" model.  The reality is you got screwed.
Buy Ford, you better bring a lot of lube to the party because they fully expect you to bend over for them.  I just talked to a guy at the local Ford dealer about a truck they can't hardly move (3.0L diesel).  The guy is nice. The dealer is low pressure (small town atmosphere). However, I was treated like a 12 year old that hadn't even seen any much less got any.  Unfortunately, the Dodge/Ram dealer (and Subaru and both GM dealers) are owned by the same company and all of them are turning into pretentious little tykes that don't play well with other kids.  Mind you, I am the kind of guy that pays nearly full price every time I go to the dealer.
What an incredible vehicle buying experience... NOT. 11 minutes I'll never get back.
I work at the raptor factory the final assembly building that truck didn’t leave with the mirror switch broken promise that.  Also are covid trucks are good as the ones before it lol
They broke it in for you 🤷🏾‍♂️
I find most people's comments a bit odd. He is buying a brand new truck from a Ford Dealer... What is the need for an inspection. I am not sure why one needs to inspect a vehicle that is brand new? Anyway this is the problem with the lack of honesty, integrity, and oversight from manufacturers on the dealers in this country. Basically we need direct sales, the dealership model is broken!
Stay with chevy trucks 🚚
You'd think a guy that reviews cars and such would look at a car before signing paperwork. I'm sorry this is your fault. Dealers will get you if you let them. You guys should have known better.
$77,000 for a pickup truck? With a 6 cylinder? You're nuts.
So you bought a 2019 truck for inflated 2020 model year price, with broken parts already over 1000 miles. Who knows how it was broken in , but you sure know it was broken. Unscrupulous dealer and you should not have signed anything until you did thorough check of the vehicle.
Either your plagued with lemons or vehicles today are made like crap! Just bought a new Explorer, hope I don't have your luck.
Ford - found on road dead switch.
He bought a new truck for $30K under the going price, but it didn't have the new car smell.   I think Roman would be unhappy if he was hung with a new rope!
this seems to be a recurring theme with this channel
We want to the EVEREST RAPTOR on here.
I just bought a 2020 Denali HD 3500 drove it 300 miles my transmission went out got it back drove it to 1000 miles it went out again warranty did cover it both times after 4 months without my truck . So that ain’t shit
9:35 Squirrel
My sister bought a brand new Talon TSi that had several hundred miles on the odometer, when we asked the sales man said they had lots of people who test drove the vehicle, but when it came time to put insurance on it to buy it they found out they couldn't afford the insurance, so they would end up not buying it sometimes going with a non turbo version and probably some just walked away.
car sales are a Fecking JOKE. NEVER trust a car dealer/seller.
77,000 lol   thats nutz no matter what
Roman... You started with the left foot on that purchase. That engine is going to blow up as all the current  3.5 twin turbos.
500 unexplained miles so I would assume it’s 2000 runs at the drag strip.
Seems very real Ford's and rovers being shitty
Your a fool
MSRP - Suggested retail price. Dealerships can sell a vehicle for whatever they want, could be $1, could be $100,000. There's a market and what's in demand sells for a mark up...
Raptors are junk
Sounds like a lemon law buy back truck.
So you have $70k+ to throw around, you buy a truck without even test driving or looking at it, then find it has 1300 miles on it and some stuff doesn't work.  So, all I can say is its your own damn fault.  Maybe next time take someone with you that knows how to shop for a vehicle.  So you passed up a $67k truck to buy a $77k truck with broken stuff on it, a missing key, and 1300+ miles on it....falls right back into you guys love to overpay for everything.    Yes, vehicles are typically built several months prior to them hitting the lots, as the "next year's" model.
So you decide to buy a popular truck that is in high demand and being marked up. You complete a panic buy on a truck that you've never seen at a dealer that has never seen the truck.  I repeat neither you or the dealer had the seen the truck. Just thinking about the logistics of how many people were involved, I'd say chill out. They fixed the switch.  As for the rant. This could have happened at any dealer, man up and take responsibility for not looking at it before signing.  I was checking out Toyota Tacoma a few days ago has 10k market adjustments for more on all of them.  25% increase.  But hey COVID19 has cut production more than demand.  Ride the storm and purchase afterwards.
Well mate it is a Ford on a quite day here in Australia you can here them rusting away
This is why they should outlore markup I fed up with dealerships ripping off the public, it’s a factory car or truck, not a house
Welcome to the real world, this is why we don't use the same dealership next time, because your but is still soar.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JCKjPq-GZbA
Dealers are so deceptive. They knew you'd be concerned about the mileage, that's why it was being washed and not available for inspection until the paperwork was done. Same thing with the key, they knew it was missing but waited for the complaint. You trusted them. They abused your trust. And they don't care.  good luck with the truck.
Hey TFL. I would be happy to locate your cars at no cost. Happy to help jonesbuyersclub.com
What a rip off,  we sell raptors for 5 to 10k off sticker in Minnesota.
At the start of the video  I was interested to know how they screwed this guy over. More and more into the video I noticed a boy scout could have taken this guys money . Lol
I don't care how much gimmicky BS it has, I would never pay that much for something meant to haul manure.
Roman, you’ve been had with a Ford😂😂😂
Seems kinda obvious that you would inspect something you're going to spend 77k on before you spend 77k on it... But not to this genius.
I appreciate the frankness.  I work for an automotive manufacturer and in the retail space this practice is more the 'norm' than the exception.  The brand I work for is German and there are popular performance vehicles where the gouging happens the minute the press release goes out.  Even as a company employee, I can not purchase the 'hot' model I have to go to a dealer who would be willing to forgo the gouging and sell me the vehicle and will have to leverage the my relationship with them to pay MSRP.   I commend your frankness and the disappointment shows in what truly happens far far too many times.   Reading the threads above and below my post inspired my writing of this.
(Joe Pesci voice)They f**k you at the dealership!
Should have paid the mark up and got the experience.
Should have paid the mark up and got the experience.
Yikes.   I've always ordered my vehicles new. Even if they had what I wanted on the lot I would request for something that meant it had to be manufactured and ordered.   You never know how long its been on the lot leaving it subject to chewed lines, rusted brakes, shorted electronics and dead batteries that the dealer just boosts instead of installing a new one.  This ensures you're getting a factory sealed truck.
Has FMC changed their position about sharing news with you and inviting you to press events? Is there still a dispute or "bad blood" there? Love y'all's channels. Merry Christmas!
These scummy dealers LOVE Tesla!
As long as they fix it, still not a bad truck. I've never owned a brand new vehicle always bought used. Newest vehicle i own (currently) is a 2014 Ford escape it had 83k km (canadian) on it when bought it. The only problem I had was the splash shield underneath came off when I drove through some flood water. Other than that its been a dream to own. I like this raptor tho and that colour looks sharp. I can't wait to see what you guys do with it. Great job!
Thank you for the content ! Dealerships are out of control with their tactics. Also cars and truck have become so expensive for sub-par quality . It seems to be the new norm and it is horrible for the consumer .
Car Salesmen, Politicians, what's the difference...
It's too bad Elon Musk wasn't able to break the monopoly of stealerships in the courts.
Sorry, but you brought some of this on yourself. NEVER trust a car dealer with anything, especially if they're selling a vehicle everyone wants.
This is why I don't use Autotrader. They won't delete ads from scum who lie about the price.
I spent a half hour crawling all over my 2018 Silverado BEFORE I even test drove it so I knew what I was buying. There is ALWAYS stuff wrong with new vehicles. It is YOUR job to find them BEFORE you sign your name on the paperwork.
Why didn't you refuse the truck on the spot ?? you have the worst luck ever ... wow, what staggers me more is you accepted the butt f*ck with a smile on your face....
Typical Ford Quality
Why is it that TFL always has so many problems with its vehicles?  Maybe you need to start having a procedural process like ISO Quality-Certified companies do.  The first thing I would suggest is having a CHECKLIST of things to examine on the vehicles you purchase, or receive for testing.  Go down the list and make sure each item is addressed before you proceed.  That would make TFL look more professional - most of us have enough issues in our lives, we don't need to hear whining about TFL Soap Opera-like issues that could and should have been addressed up front.  TFL, please do better, your viewers so much want for you to succeed.
They did the same exact thing with my 2020 raptor! They sold me a (brand new) raptor but then I found a receipt in the center console for a repair job done to the driver side front fender. They sold me  a lemon law
"Im not saying that cars built during the height of covid are terrible in quality...except yes, yes i am saying that and i am happy i dont have one."
LandRover and now a Ford.... LOL PS... wot happen with the LandRover?
Something that I've never managed to figure out in life but someone else sure did, the more you pay for something, the less you have a chance of returning it. Why is it that the things we spend tens or hundreds of thousands of dollars on (cars and houses in mind) have no 30 day return policy like the 14.99 tool at Harbor Freight?! Add: Ooo, double whammy to consider. Built on Friday during Covid...
Hey roman  wonder why your car guy at aaa didn't find this truck first time around  and doesn't ass have preferred pricing and preferred dealers. Also  have you considered costco's auto buy services  supposedly there  is the a Costco prices and the dealer has to honor it per contract . So perhaps this can be a new segment where you guys try and buy the same car or truck using several car buying services against one another for the best price .
.......but..........i thought ford trucks are the best. 😂🤣😆 what a f’ing joke!
Good to see Fords in  the USA are as bad as what we get in Australia
Wow what a rip off, I guess that this experience is not making you relationship with Ford any better... :D
that happened to me some guy was selling a ram for 30000 and had everything I wanted but I drove a hour and come to find out they wanted 5 grand more plus had dents and dings not mention
The TRX will blow the Raptors doors off.
Just let Andre and your son do the work, Roman, while you go sit at a tesla charger all day.
Sounds like your favorite local dealer screwed you.
And that 's why I bought a Toyota Tundra TRD Pro.. $20k less, better built,  the V8 will last 500k-1mm. And my resale value will be a lot more if I decide to sell it (which I won't).
Kind of glad you guys got one pulled on ya. More money than brains. Nobody behind the camera on and TFL channel knows a damn thing about any truck. New or old.
Disgusting how much trucks go for. They’re not meant for the working man anymore. Just the business owners and white collar friends.
You got ripped off by your dealer you should not have accepted the truck with that many miles on it guaranteed you could have got the Raptor in Texas out the door for $77,000 you definitely lost some credibility points with your audience
You may have picked up a defective truck a 'lemon'  Good Luck there.
Overpriced Ford junk, their all over used car lots in Texas.
9:53 squirrel 🐿 said hello
It’s a covid truck don’t worry. We were just told about it after it happened. That’s why it’s called covid 19.  2019.
Tell us more about how much you paid. Jesus christ...
Why are raptor prices so high? I don’t get that at all. That thing just went extinct. If u pay 110k for a raptor you deserve the ripoff.
He’s too old to be wearing vans
You got a last model year truck for msrp that's under 2k miles. Read that sentence again. Especially when you could have paid 111k like you were upset about earlier. I get problems happen and it makes things frustrating, but look at the silver linings in things. If your job at TFL is getting a little stressful, then maybe take a load off for a little bit, because this video has made you sound pretty ungrateful. I know you didn't attempt to at all, but that's what it really sounds like to most of us who can only afford a sub 25k truck.  Sorry Roman, but the Raptor is a dream truck, and the last thing I want to hear is someone complaining about a great luxury item falling slightly short of another luxury item. Luxury I wish I had...
it is early 2020 model. Model started in September 2019
It’s nice to see you guys get treated like the common man.
Roman there are only TWO TYPES OF PEOPLE ON EARTH. THE FOOLED and the FOOLER!
You got SCAMMED brother!
I suggest you return the truck as this is cheating and the fact that the millage was also unrealistic is another issue, the first 1000 km are the most important during which truck should be driven carefully in order to avoid damage to the engine, so how would you trust these guys ?? I truly  dont know but if i were you i will call off the deal for sure, thats just my opinion.
YOU DID OK.
FORD Freaks On Roids Dying
FORD Failure On Race Day
Its a ford...
They lied to you that vehicle was a unwind someone purchased the vehicle before you and put 1000 miles and then the bank wasn’t able to approve the loan so they had to take it back.
Def time to open a complaint w ford they will sort it
Why buy something before driving it and inspecting it?? Welcome to the world of HONESTY and LOYALTY of a Dealership!!!!!!! Their in the back office laugh saying "we got another one!!!" that's the problem with this economy people are willing to pay 70k plus for a freaking vehicle insane!!!!!!
Your mistake was buying a Ford.
THIS is why Tesla is going to win. I am so sick of these dealership games. The World is ready to be done with these scams.
1st world problems...
Buy a Ford and get a Falcon.
I'm sure that those 500 miles before delivery were all gentle highway miles with nothing beyond 1/4 throttle
Why are we paying all these inflated prices for inferior product? Stop the madness!
I wish you luck with. But It's Ford that switch is just the beginning of the problems. I trade my f250 for a Jeep Wrangler Rubicon.
110k!!!?? Wtf! Thats just straight robbery the raptor a v6 🤣 c'on man
Goddamn the stealership! Greedy bastards!
so you pay big buck for a used truck
He still saved $30k under market price. So does he really have the right to complain about a 1,000 miles and a delay for the second key?
Car salesmen are some of the most useless human beings on the earth. What skills do they have besides dressing nice and the ability to snort an 8 ball of coke a day
Man I am so happy that in Canada we don’t have to deal with those insane greed grabs by the dealerships. At least I’ve never seen it done.
Who buys a truck without looking at it?
Hmm were paying 32,000 for a 2015 Nissan titan V8 that had 25,000km and has a horrid appetite for fuel
You got played by the phone salesmen. He went to his GM, who told him to bump up the price, because you were a live fish on the line. As soon as the GM is brought into things, they go down hill.
Ford has the ability to put the odometer in a mode that doesn't record mileage for transportation,so every new vehicle should have very low mileage. I know this is true because I test drove a Ford transit van and the odometer had no numbers, the dealer confirmed this when I questioned it. My point being the fact your truck had a thousand miles at delivery seems strange and raises questions.
are you ok, a lot of heavy breathing
These guys have more money than sense.  Who buys a truck and does not notice the mileage on the paperwork?  They have become too big to fail - or maybe not.
Hey,ni work at Anderson Ford in Lincoln Nebraska. We sell all of your vehicles at or below MSRP when to guys are in need of a new for for any of your tests I would be happy to sell one for to you guys at a great deal.
buys the cheapest Raptor in west side of USA and complains it is not perfect. Should have got a Roush F150 supercharged F150..
Wow, you sure do have a lot of complaints for someone who bought a vehicle sight-unseen.   Not to mention this truck is a toy.   I usually enjoy your content but you complaining about how inconvenienced and ‘unspecial’ you felt when buying your ~$70k truck made this video cringe-worthy at best.
No luck buying stuff this year guys, damn.
Oh stop it! This is the way America does business, not confined to car dealerships. If you find a good dealer, then stay loyal to them, like any other business relationship. If you've had time with COO and CEO types of any industry, too many care simply about securing short terms gains ASAP. All about "I've got mine!" Only folks I consistently deal with who are fundamentally committed to an honest day's work are the average working men and women in the trenches.
Idk the rich is getting richer and the poor can't even afford shit made in there country lol. If you can drop $100,000 on a truck you're rich. There's no more middle class here.
People today are stupid with their money. What would possibly make these worth $110k? BTW call out that dealer! They should go out of business.
What kind of BS us that with the key?  Its a dealership, make and program another key.  We got you on the hook for 70k, eat ish sucket!!!
Great review and truck.
Looking forward to seeing all of the fix or repair daily events on your channel!
Car dealers are the same the world over. Sheesh...
gald u have a YouTube channel. Imagine if u are a nominal person
Looking forward toward your servicing and repairs video on your “new?” Demo Raptor!  😀
Dealerships shouldn’t exist
These amateur car buyers theses days, they never learn!  Purchased a “Demo”!  It an one year old truck already, used and comes broken again!😯
Buy a 2018 save some money
Same thing when I bought my Ford Fusion hybrid solid lease deal came by the dealer they didn’t disclose it’s a loaner car that they give out for salesmen or service had 1500 miles not new but sold as new with a hefty discount
Wow, what a disaster 🙆🏼‍♂️. Sorry that happened to you Roman, that would be unacceptable to me. I have a TRX on order, and as difficult as they are to obtain--impossible at this given hour, due to a growing list of production issues--if it arrived with those kind of miles, I would decline taking delivery. I hope things iron out and turn out well for you with the Raptor going forward. Thanks for the video 🙌🏻!
Looks like the truck was original delivered to Kansas dealer. How it ended up in Nebraska and than Colorado is  probably a story on its own:  https://www.ebay.com/itm/2020-Ford-F-150-Raptor-Crew-4x4-Upgrade-Pkg-MSRP-77100-/133571717421?nma=true&si=zdE8kjkQGYElPqQojkq13Ubarew%253D&orig_cvip=true&nordt=true&rt=nc&_trksid=p2047675.l2557  Probably dealers just love to drive it around :)
😢
those Raptors you are showing us are Modded!!!  look at the fender and wheels!!!!  not stock, probably Roush or even Shelby.
So, what does that 12 month old oil with  500+ miles of  cold start, hard running test drives look like?
I work at interstate Ford. That red raptor is a black ops raptor. It’s one of the most expensive raptors you can buy. They are built by Tuscany and have a bunch of custom things added to them. That’s why they are so expensive
Thanks for your honesty.  I unfortunately understand this scenario myself with more than one dealership from different manufacturers.  It can be really heartbreaking especially if it was a person’s first brand new vehicle.  Its not always the case though thankfully.
To be honest, most "new" cars when you buy them are nowhere near new. They can rack up to 30-40 miles at the factory, depending on how much testing needs to be done. The transport companies can add on an additional 10-20 miles. Then you have dealerships, who move the car around, give test rides, and (believe it or not) they even use the vehicles on the lot for business and personal reasons like going to get food and running errands, but still advertise the car as "new" ...or to better put it, never being sold or owned. A lot of dealerships don't update the change in mileage after they create the listing, which can really leave a sour taste in your mouth. Another point to make is the amount of hands a vehicle passes through before it gets to you. From factory workers, to transporters, to people test driving cars, to people at the dealership... you may get the sensation that it's new, but in actuality, it's not. My advice (generally speaking), order straight from the factory, if you can. There's no telling what lot cars have been through and how long they've been sitting around waiting to be bought.
More sketchy dealership stories brought to you by the TFL group.
Sounds like my awful experience buying a new Ram 1500 from Franklin Chrysler Dodge Jeep Ram in Franklin, TN.  Liars and manipulators.
Guess what cars are not worth their price anymore
In Georgia the dealer is required to give you documentation verifying the mileage on the vehicle.  My 2020 F-250 arrived with 5.6 miles on the clock and I took possession with 16 miles on it.  The document, which is required by the state, had 5.6 miles PLUS a note of 9.6 miles addition was on the truck due to the PDI staff taking it out for a test drive.  I know the service manager and they try to take a new vehicle out to listen for rattles or banging.  Documentation here is a legal instrument and can be (and has been) used to sue for fraud (and possible loose of the dealer's license) if mileage doesn't match the odometer and list any additional mileage.  My dealer could have documented the truck, as delivered as having the 16 miles on it, but list the addition mileage and reason to be honest and inform the customer.  I also had to sign paperwork I received the manuals and 2 keys.  Does Colorado require mileage documentation at the time of the sale and if so, was it correct?  Or did you just sign and not read the mileage when you signed the document?  Also spending the money on one of these trucks means checking it before you sign the papers and hand over the money.  Sorry, this just made you an uninformed customer.
TFL wanted a last minute Raptor, well they got it! This can happen even if you do your homework without seeing the truck before you buy it! Don't put anything past any dealer anywhere!
Fool me once it’s your fault fool me twice it’s my fault!
Shoulda saved your money and purchased the new Tundra when it comes out.  These things are garbage.
Lesson learned  don't buy Ford.
So far it seems the 2 best trucks are the Chevy and Dodge. How the hell is the power window switch broke with only 1000 miles and it hardly ever touched. As they built Ford tough, then there is tough like the competition the seems to be like the Hulk in comparison to Ford tough.
Thanks Roman for showing us a little behind the scenes on dealer experiences.  This one (and the JLR) prove that not all is what it seems.  Don't know why people downvoted 500+ times but, whatever.....
2020 huh? I’m referring to this year. It’s been a tough one over at TFL.  Guess what? I just closed on my own 2020 Defender. Tasman Blue! I’m loving it and look forward to making some personal videos of it for everyone. 🇺🇸😀👍🏽
New crap is just plain crap now days.
What do you mean by a COVID truck? The TRX you’re buying will definitely be a COVID truck. Are you worried about that build quality too?
typical dealer antics.always inspect your purchase before paying for it. in my case i missed a small hole in the rear seat and it took 8 months to get the seat replaced as the dealer kept damaging the replacement cover.
That is called dealer fraud you can sue them
you should have looked at it first cry baby!
Just wait til the timing chains go or the oil leaks or the rear diff comes apart. Dumpster fire vehicle.
who fricking cares???
I can't see the truck for his ridiculous junior high shoes.
The price meets demand. You of all people know that the vehicle build date and model years are the same 50% of the time. You saw the mileage on the documents you signed. They cant fudge that. Never sign without looking at the product first. What am I missing here?
I don’t think I have seen a Raptor in red it looks really good
Dealerships suck, take it back and tell them to stick it!
I just bought my 2nd Honda Ridgeline last week, 3rd Honda. I may never buy another Honda again because of the sales techniques of 4 different dealerships in 2 different counties. Amazon should sell trucks and you pay what the price is. No sales BS. If I want a full suspension mountain bike, I'll get the same bike at 10 different shops for the same price.   Car salesmen should be the test dummies for vaccines.
Just found one on eBay 12/1/20 for (better sit down)......... $164,995.  Henry ford just stood up in his grave.
It sounded like a rush but...they rushed too
Clueless in coco.  🙈🙈🙈.  Jfc. 👎👎👎.
Prices will remain seriously overpriced until people stop buying them.
You fool! I've been trained in your Tesla arts. Count Musk
First question I ask - even though it’s new ... how many miles on the odometer?  Someone else potentially abusing my new vehicle is a deal breaker.
Unfortunately if the truck had never had a bill of sale or titles to someone they can sell it as new no matter the miles
Dealers are snakes... play with them and you’ll be bitten.  1)Negotiate your out the door price online. Any human contact and the deal is off. 2) Take their financing to get the best deal... make sure it doesn’t have an early payoff penalty and just pay it off with the second or third payment. 3)When you close at the finance office, the first thing you say as you lay the printed email with the out the door price on down on the desk is “Any deviation from this number and I walk without even saying goodbye. Do we have an understanding?”
There are 26 constants in the universe,  27 if you when you count unethical auto dealers.   Even if somehow the 26 constants would change,  number 27 never will.
Anyone that pays more than $35000 for a truck is a fool.
The mileage should be on the paperwork, it's your fault for not looking at what you're signing. It's sound like from your own words the dealer is taking care of you. You got a high demand vehicle at MSRP. Don't bad mouth the dealer just to make a you tube video for your own gain. You could have made the same video, made the same money and called out the dealer for not over charging which he has a right to do.
Wow I made three deals at over 7K off the MSRP on loaded 250's and 350 King Ranch's how could a truck guy get stuck even at MSRP? I actually ended up with a loaded 2021 Jeep Rubicon at $7500 below MSRP you need belter friends at the dealers. Yes get to know the owners not the staff.
Buying a house is easier than buying a new car these days!!
Yeah it kinda blows my mind trucks always are an extra extra hot commodity in Colorado, guys out here have such hard ons for the biggest most lifted trucks out here I went the other way. El camino
go to a reputable paint shop/ body shop or buy a pain thickness meter - check paint all around - your driver side door may have been replaced for some reason, possible damage/ collision?
Love that the first ad that played on this video was for the new Silverado! 😂 Even the YouTube gods know what you should’ve bought! 😂
Buying a vehicle at a dealer by law they have to disclose odometer reading which is on several documents you signed. Also, not doing a pre-inspection you take risk of issues. In the dozens of cars I have bought basic question is how many keys / fobs are included. Like watching your channel but this one not very good
Almost makes the cyber truck look affordable
Trx eats raptors
If I drop 70 k on a truck like that . I'm pretty sure I'd look at it drive it check stuff out . No one is like hey I need a rapper right now I'll pay sticker . Oh cool the truck is in let's sign the papers. Psh please guys what's wrong here .
I bet you those were some hard driven 1k miles too
The managers put miles on the high end cars.
What a horrible experience, basically a used vehicle for msrp.  Defender. Not looking quite so bad now!
I would hesitate to going back to that dealer and shove that hot red Raptor in the salesman ass. Asking for  my money back. !
Most dealerships are absolute scum. They will do anything to make a sale. I quit buying used trucks because of their shady practices hoping that buying new would avoid problems. Looks like I was wrong.
Dude who cares about all of the things you should have been aware of to start with.  It's on you to ask the questions.  STOP CRYING 😢  You are just trying to bad mouth Ford !!!💯 I'm starting to get to the point I don't want to watch this channel anymore.  That is a shame because before Ford stopped you from being at the reveal you weren't like this !!!  You made the mistake deal with it !!
Wait, you are being a bit deceptive. The $110,000 Raptors you showed were highly modified examples from a Ford dealer in Oklahoma City.  Checking local areas for Raptors (Neb.) they are all list price so you make it sound like people are getting close to double or at least $10,000 above but that is not the case.  Please don't lead people on by implying there is gouging.  Every dealer is going to maximize their profits if they have a hot model.  Kia Telluride comes to mind.
I don't know if the rule still applies, however the rule used to be that if a vehicle manufacture date was July or later, it was the model year of the upcoming year. So a vehicle with a 9/20 date will be a  2021 model year.
Dealership sounds a bit shady
Stealerships
All the problems with the truck are your fault for not seeing it first hand
I bought my F250 with 7 miles on the clock.
Never ever by a Ford or GM product. I would walk before I owned either again.
this was a demo truck! should have done youre research ! i just bought my raptor with 62 miles on it
I’d put this on Andre’s head ;-)
Too Expensive,not worth it.
I'd ask them for a reduction in the cost!
@thefastlanetruck What mileage was listed on the mileage disclosure when signing the final paperwork?
I mean, this sucked, but all these things are 100% on you. You signed paperwork without even looking at the truck. I have no sympathy for you in this case.
These new Ford, Ram, and GM trucks are great when they’re new...at around 60k miles they start throwing codes and having problems. Then the transmission and steering suspension will fall out if it’s a Ram. The Tundra is not the sexiest truck out nor does it have all of the bells and whistles but will still be running without major repairs after this overpriced toy is in some junkyard. You guys have more money than sense, lol
Never buy in Lubbock, Texas. I live here.
I was going to say, you can’t blame Ford for a dealer issue. We don’t have any control over dealers, even though sometimes we should because dealers are the absolute worst part about new vehicles.
Wow just awful and you have bought vehicles from them before, double awful. They really checked it good for you before you picked it up. Wonder what else is broken. Love your guys videos by the way.
This is painful to watch. I got my Ram 2500 while it was still in Transport Mode.   Just went over 1800 miles.
I Lick F150 FORD
You aren't going to tell us the dealers name!? Why?
Can’t wait to see what this truck sells for next year LOL.
If you pay 100 g for a ford you should see a doctor
Two words...caveat emptor.
Raptors, rovers all the hi tec B.S. is ruining the trucks ....77k is ridicules
$110,000 for a 2020 Raptor? That's more expensive than a fully loaded RAM TRX. Thankfully you found something a lot cheaper.
Never deal with a salesman at a dealership always ask for the sales manager and make the deal with him!  You wont have to deal with the commission BS!
We just bought our F350 Lariat SRW Powerstroke after months of searching. We ran into many of these things over and over again. We would call to verify the vehicle was in the lot and it would require a call back and a collection of my information. The vehicle was either “sold already but we can find you something else if you tell us what you’re looking for,” a different price than advertised, or simply not even there with no eta. We had several dealerships deny the request to transfer to another dealership and when we would offer to buy from them, they would offer us the same vehicle but thousands of dollars more than what we had negotiated. Extremely frustrating times for car buyers right now.
right usually 1k tops for brass hats or CPO corporate regional auction to preferred dealers of volume dealer demos  same happen on a ltdII brougham we were told 100 miles new but it had 1100 and was a demo they missed a 0 so they had to drop and discount. dealer transferes yeah regional interstate car runners if they dont have 3 or more they wont trailer a veh.
Did you go into a "Tex" Pritchard ok deal.. the system man trained me and you jump from a sales associate thats stage 1 then it goes to the closer sales manager finance manager back and forth where everyone's commission gets to bump it up to cut into the sales reps comm on the unit. Factory incentives or SPIFS[we were at a Jeep/Eagle Peugeot Chrysler store] You set a client on a good make modal then the deals walk away for the squueeze after you help..then the manager begs you to sucj them back in after the next person on the same modle walks away for what the first person wanted to pay on the line.
What the hell is it with all manufacturers. It seems that every vehicle you buy now a days has something wrong with it out of the gate. So much for quality being job one. At least in your case it was just a broke switch. The car I bought had a defective computer module that in the course of two years (that they couldn’t figure out what was wrong with it) destroyed 8 automotive batteries to the tune of 200+ dollars a piece. At least they payed for all the batteries, computer, and rental car fees, but still, not a good showing of that companies quality.
DANGEROUS !!!! ALL MODERN VACCINATIONS AGAINST COVIDES, ETC. POISON WITH NANO CHIPS 666 BEAST GENE. WHEN THE VACCINATION WILL BE LABELING THE BEAST 666. BIOMETRY. LASER. 666 ON LOB. COMPUTER BEAST IN BRUSELI. APOCALYPSE. When issuing biometric data on a passport ID CARD or a license, a person can secretly burn out a barcode number 666 with a laser on the forehead or right hand. this is done so that the video cameras immediately identify you as a QR code on a smartphone. after that people start to get sick physically and demoniacs in church or endure PSITEROR, that is, to listen to voices in their heads, etc. even if you DIDN'T GIVE A LABEL then your biodanes go to the computer under the name `` BEAST '' in Brussels, everyone who enters the computer is depersonalized the NAME from GOD and gets a personal 18-digit number NAME from SATAN, that is, entering the computer the beast you are recorded in the book of the dead registration in HELL !!!! IF YOU HAVE ACCEPTED BIOMETRY AND WANT TO REPORT THEN YOU MUST WRITE AN APPLICATION FOR REFUSAL FROM BIO PASSPORT BURN PASSPORT AND NEVER USE IT. PRIEST WHO HAVE BIOPASSPORT OR ACKNOWLEDGE - BLESS RECEPTION AND LEAD ALL TO HELL !!!!! HOW TO SEE? REAL CHRISTIANS KILL FROM THE CITIES AROUND TO THEIR LAND. LOOK EXORCIST VASILY NOVIKOV. VERA NEWS CHANNEL 77. FILM SPRUT GALINA TSAREVA. ///
Supply and demand, when any commodity becomes scarce it goes up in prize. What I don't get is why people are rushing to buy the old version, are they really expecting the new Raptor to be that much worse?
I sure this isn't indicative of what's to come, whenever I've had stuff like that happen the purchase ends up being a money pit.
This is why in the future car dealerships will become obsolete u will order online and that will be it .
We would have had more respect if you told them you were not buying it because it was not new enough for your (and broke switch with missing key) even after signing. You made yourself look like one of us in the comments, inexperienced first time buyers.
Roman the worlds oldest Millennial.  You try to care but, no matter how much he bitches and moans, you don't.  This was a nothing episode.  Useless.
You should have taken it back for a full refund.  The law would be on your side there.
In Sept 2020 we bought an F150  (same color as your Raptor) that had been originally  ordered by another dealership. I was surprised to see it had been made in Oct 2019. I had not thought about the potential advantage of being a pre-C19 truck!
You should’ve just said, “No, we’re good” and left it at that.No Ford truck s worth 80g, let alone 110.
This is why you don't pay $77k for a truck.
I love Ford, but HATE going to the Ford dealerships.
Being poor, I'll never have this problem!
And... that’s why you inspect the truck before you sign paper work!!!
I had a bad experience at that very same dealership in Lubbock.
Never trust a dealer they are so shady!!
1,000 miles is nothing.  How about an extreme log term and see how they hold up at 200,000 miles+. That is barely a month or ownership worth of miles
You're kidding!?! Car dealers baiting and switching. Noooo waaaay!
I just bought mine for $4 off of msrp in Houston Tx  performance blue with recaro seats
wow you dont have much luck buying working cars.  A broken Raptor (new at that), a Broken Land Rover (BIG piece of crap).  BUT it makes for interesting Vlogs!
Dude - you do cars for a living. How do you buy a car and not even inspect it beforehand. That’s mostly on you I’m afraid.
Wow you can see the frustration and sadness his going through right now keep your head up high and keep on trucking sir sooner or later karma will hit those salesmen no doubt
Wow
What happened to the Viper?  Ford is going for collectabilty
9:35 the squirrel is telling you to chill out Roman! 😉 love your videos
How do these guys keep buying brand new vehicles?!?!?!?
These dudes are going in mad debt buying vehicles to try and save their channels. I wonder if it’s PPE money. 🤔🤔🤔
Not sure what’s wrong here ? It’s a ford dude come on? This has been going on for decades with ford , don’t act brand new .....
Not quite sure this video showed what you wanted to show. Yall bought something without looking, there is a mileage sheet you signed, and that's clearly a demo.
Dealerships love customers like Roman. "We don't charge over msrp" they told him. Instead they sold him a demo truck for sticker. 1000 miles is driving from Maine to Florida. Oh but th they're fixing the switch, how nice of them! It's not demo miles on a Festiva, pretty safe bet those miles on the raptor weren't easy ones.
It’s a demo not a big deal this video is a joke.
Just can’t imagine paying that much for a truck.....EVER. It’s a damn truck.
Clear Cut case of shitty salesmanship
Stealerships and scummy car salesman live up to their names yet again.
mileage should be on the purchase invoice
can't compare trucks that are $16,000 different in price.....
I always check miles as here in New England, they often shuffle inventory around and most have up to hundreds of miles on them after a few months,
What's happening with the Defender???
What do you guys always get faulty and broken vehicles
Ford make great trucks. Some new ones have problems like mine did. It spent a long time in the shop brand new right out of the dealership lot. Ford offered to buy it back and provide me a new one. However, I found it would cost me an additional ten thousand dollars as I would have to pay the sticker price for my problematic truck's replacement! I found it ironic as my old vehicles were never stuck for extended times in the shop with repeated failed attempts at repair such as my new Ford did. Ford has good trucks but don't trust their buy back if somethings goes wrong program as it is a scam.
God damn the Raptor is the coolest truck ever
It’s a dealer demo.  You are allowed so many miles in it before it has to titled as used.  Not certain about CO, but I believe it’s 2-3,000 miles here in WI.  Warranty starts on the sale date regardless.
Other than the key, this is kind of TFL's fault for buying sight unseen.  Never do that, regardless of what you are buying.
I'd want my money back
How is it 2020 and we still need dealerships to buy cars/trucks?
Are there no odometer statements that get signed as part of the purchase in Colorado??? Seems that the mileage would have been listed on there.
To be honest,  I have no sympathy for you. Are you a kid buying a first car?
I'm pretty sure I would have driven that Raptor thru their front window.  Putting up with this makes it worse for the rest of us.
I’m really glad you’re doing these videos about your IRL buying experiences.  I do not think anyone else is doing what you guys do to show the industry what a crap process buying a car is.  I talk to dealers who are just flummoxed as to why they are so hated. The reason is simple, basic QC and customer service is lacking.  The service a dealership should be better than at a Starbucks, but it’s in fact worse.  I’m trying to buy a new car/small truck.  Even allowing for COVID, the experience is bad.  Lack of response, responding with deceptive pricing, no authority in the people you talk to, and responding with vehicles that lack the features you specifically said you want.  I hope you have smooth sailing in the future, but if not, keep it up.
What car are you buying next? Poor car will be falling apart.
Haha. Your surprised it had around 1k while a year old? Trucks these days are so overpriced. Just a bunch of glitter. Our 2013 exploder blew a motor At 115k and lucky for us we got the insurance. The insurance company has paid out $8200 for the motor after we called the BBB. We had to cover 4K for parts over blue book value (  2k for cats after we already agreed to 2k for the fix) The insurance also covered 4K in ignition coils and suspension problems last year. The total cost of repairs for the car is almost as much as we bought it for at $20,000. Ouch. It’s a nice car when it runs.
My truck came with the mirror adjustment button exactly like that, it's not broken, you just need to re-seat it.. Push it downward in the middle, snaps back into place.
my friend you are a MUCH nicer man than I. That "sales" guy / dealership would have been refunding my money asap or I would hand his ass to him. That is a PATHETIC dealership
Hey Roman, I got a bridge for sale. Just sign here ❌ 🖊
Typical Ford dealership 🤪
Not surprised.  Wait until the Sunroof Starts Creaking and Leaking (they all do) and the 10 Speed Trans to start shifting harshly.  My Raptor is at the Dealer right now for a trans replacement and sunroof repairs.  Also plan for the Cam Phasers to need replacing.  Hope you bought the extended warranty...  Never again will I buy a Ford.  Never again.
Haha I live down the road from Gene Messer Ford in Lubbock. Kudos for pronunciation, most people not from here call it LOO-BOCK not LUB-BUCK. I bought my F-150 from that very dealership, but my experience was much smoother, and also years ago.
Have to be ford ,I see them a lot next to the road, or stock in the sand, next time rent one, and keep the ram
above the mirror driver side. does that pillar not look bent upwards or something?
You assumed. Lesson #1 Is this dealer still one of your favorite dealers?
Anybody notice the squirrel 🐿 at 9:54?
funny how dealers can mark up the price, and there's nothing wrong with the price-gouging.  but if a guy buys hand sanitizer to resell at a markup all hell breaks loose.  hospitals work the same way.  welcome to America.
What did you expect signing papers for a $70,000 truck without seeing it?
Yeah but I wish I had his problem trying to buy a $70,000 pick up truck but if I keep dreaming I will eventually get there
Stop complaining. You’re lucky to have gotten a Raptor at msrp.
You know someone beat the shit out of that from Hastings to Colorado.
Who would have ever thought that car dealers are shitbags?
Idk getting MSRP for a dealer demo with 1,000 miles isn't horrible for a raptor. What is horrible are dealerships in general. I really wish the law would change so people could have the option to order factory direct. Only once has a dealer really provided me with what I consider to be any value, otherwise I feel they're mostly a joke. I service my cars myself or at independents. I know what I want when buying. Manufacturers should set up brand-owned service shops for warranty work in each city and galleries to allow test drives with no pressure or non-sense (hmmm who does this already (Tesla)). Change the law. Let people skip stealership model of car buying.
You can see the TRX that's coming next week in the background. @6:55
The mileage is in the paperwork.  You have to sign it. 🤷‍♂️
And this is why customers hate dealerships! They are not honest and looking to screw the next victim.
i rather burn my money than pay 110K for a truck
For what i received i passed on to you as of first importance: that Christ died for our sins according to the Scriptures, that He was buried, that He was raised on the third day according to the scriptures  1 Corinthians 15 3     PS: "according to the Scriptures" - what the Apostle means is that Lord Jesus fulfilled prophecy's of the Prophets of God in Old Testament. There are like hundreds of Prophecies that Lord Jesus fulfilled, just look it up bruhs and gurls. God is our Father. He is the best of Fathers, the most lovable and merciful of fathers. Read the whole uncensored Bible that is Catholic(The Original) and  pray my friends. Wish you all well🙏amen🙏
The only reason that dealerships put these ridiculous markups on vehicles is because people are stupid enough to pay them. Smarten up people, quit getting taken advantage up.
This is why people dislike car dealers.
*Me seeing a bazillion raptors here in vegas wondering how people are all affording them at these prices*
I think 4,999 miles and under is still considered new.
You guys sure have bad luck with dealer's?? It's very scary for us folks who have 0 pull
This how you achieve ford never wanting you back lol 😆 😂
and here my 97 toyota 4x4 still running smooth, feel so bad for you Roman problem after problem
I'd be all over CarFax looking at service and repair history on that turd. Also need to request all reciepts from the other dealership! Remember - if it smells like a fish . . .
It’s a Ford do you expect it to work properly?
Well all due respect you sort of made a few mistakes as a buyer by 1, not checking the truck and driving it before signing paperwork and 2, not asking for dealership delivery fees or a discount for giving you a broken mirror switch and a used truck with only 1 key 🔑
WA! WA! WA! You bring your own problems upon yourself. Idiot!
I used to sell cars, car salesmen are scum. There’s so many tricks in the trade.
In my opinion, complaining about a now car with a 1000 on it's is a bit silly
Thanks for going through these difficulties so we can learn from your experiences!
get saved in christ right now before it's to late. just pray that you believe he died for your sins and that he is your Lord and savior then tell him to enter your life. when you say this that dead spirit in you comes alive, your born again, soul is saved from hell, name written in the book of life. after that get to know god. repent and trust in God. serve god, you will be rewarded.
This has nothing to do with the video...But I want to WARN you all in 💝. Please everyone choose Jesus as your Lord and Savior. All these natural disasters are lining up with Bible prophecy in Rev. We are getting closer to Jesus's return and judgement coming on the entire world. Please all repent with your mouth to God and admit we need a Savior Jesus Christ who died for all our sins. Believe and have faith in Jesus Christ and how he died on the cross for our sins and rose again. Invite the Holy Spirit ( being baptized ) into your life and turn from your sins. For those who don't repent and choose Jesus's gift of dying on the cross so we can have eternal life.. Things won't go well for them. I don't want to see anyone perish. I love you all, why I'm warning everyone daily and praying for the entire 🌎 daily. God bless you all!! I'm a sinner and I'm so grateful Jesus saved me from perishing. I keep seeking him daily and his commandments and they aren't burdensome, instead I have peace even when the world seems to be falling apart. God is on the throne, amen!!🙏🙏💐😊💝
Comes broken, typical Ford....
What a nothing burger review
Wonder what I can get for my used 2020 Raptor in Colorado? It has 10K miles and is in near perfect shape and has a color matched LineX with UV protection and a BakFlip MX4. If someone wants to give me more for it than I paid I will sell it. Magnetic Grey Sticker price was 71,500...
A dealer selling to these guys and ensuring a good experience is like free advertising COME ON  lol
⚠️WARNING A NEW MUCH MORE DANGEROUS VIRUS IS COMING⚠️  From khalifa of Allah over the worlds to Xi Jinping president of China..  Imam Nasser Mohammad Al-Yemeni 29 - Ramadan - 1441 AH 22 - 05 - 2020 AD 12:20 pm (According to the official time of Mecca mother of towns) _________  "I announce to the atheists in china and criminal leaders of humans of their ilk altogether, and the entire unjust mischief makers, — a new species of viruses which is the strong striking virus, worst of the viruses and (has) most impact and the strongest in sabotaging; in fact there is no  room for a comparison between it and what you call it covid 19, it is the one that the scientists of medicine will turn their backs in flight from it and the army of physicians of humans would not return back, being defeated from their forefathers then the global health organization would collapse, their high structure will be vacant, and they could never avail a thing away from you from Allah’s chastisement. In fact, by no means and they could never be able to help you nor help themselves.             Verily, listen, comprehend and understand what I will say to you: Indeed, there is a Great Leader for these recent viruses that you are not of His proportion nor you are equivalent to Him, and His tiniest soldiers receive orders directly by revelations from Allah, so they would do what they are commanded from source of operations for the Highest Leader, that is your Most High Lord in the kingdom — reveals directly to His tiny soldiers what to do so they would do what they are commanded and He is with it by words of His absolute-ability — glory be to Him, that is Allah Lord of the worlds that you violate His sanctity (denying His existence) — O Xi Jinping the Chinese president who declared war against Allah, His religion, His Quran and the Muslim Chinese openly (in broad) daylight against the Muslims in China and shut-down Allah’s Houses (of worship) in China. In fact, he prohibited the Muslims to even pray in their houses and took Allah’s Book the grand Quran and burned Allah’s Book the grand Quran as transgression and oppression.       You must listen and comprehend what will I say it with Truth: O you the Chinese president Xi Jinping, I swear by Allah the Great, surely you will open houses of Allah while you are of the humiliated-trifle ones also the entire those who wronged themselves that shut-down Allah’s houses (of worship) with the pretense of prevention they will definitely open it and to it they will escape, and we surely truthful, and you surely will know.  Anyway, — O community of best foremost supporters from various regions, let the focus be accomplished exclusively on publishing three explanatory-statements at the first level, the explanatory-statement that we wrote it by its title that follows: (Coronavirus and the decisive explanatory-statement, and it is not a joke..), title of the explanatory-statement has ended. You must know the sure knowledge that there is in it a healing to what’s in the chests, guidance, and mercy for the believers. And peace be upon the messengers, and praise be to Allah Lord of the worlds.  Allah’s servant and His khalifa; the Imam Mahdi Nasser Mohammad Al-Yemeni." _____________  📌https://www.mahdialumma.com/showthread.php?p=330364  ⚠️Reminder⚠️  📌"Coronavirus and the decisive explanatory-statement, and it is not a joke.." 26 - Ramadan - 1441 AH 19 - 05 - 2020 AD https://www.mahdialumma.com/showthread.php?p=330075
I have to wonder how much warranty is left on this new Raptor.  Did the "punch" it over in Hastings starting the warranty time clock already?
I’ve been to every major car dealer and will tell you Ford is the worst one service wise. They won’t cut you deals, they try to get suckers only, and will badger you once you walk out the door. Toyota isn’t very good either. Dodge and Chevy always work with you. Which is why I switched from raptor to Zr2 and sold my raptor privately for more than I bought it lmfao
Had the same issue about 15 years ago with a Chevy, showed up with 1100 miles on it.  They said they had to drive it in from W. Virginia.  Only 300 miles away.  I kept it because my wife like it, but that thing was a POS, and I never, ever bought from that dealer again.  It was also the last time I tried to buy new from a dealer. If I'm getting a used truck, I'm going to buy a used truck.
Definitely should have bought the 67k one. 77k for a raptor that will be outdated, or already is because of the trx and new zr’2s  is no bueno.
Ha! That’s my hometown, Hastings Nebraska
I'm 99.9% certain most, if not all, of the issues you mentioned was probably disclosed prior to signing the contract.    You guys are excellent at auto reviews/generating content, but not so much at acquiring vehicles.  Maybe you need a procurement specialist.
Next time you buy from Texas, head to Bob Tomes Ford in McKinney. I hate that the Lubbock dealership treated you guys that way
Roman, you are just too nice.....I would not buy a vehicle without checking the truck out first and exam top to bottom when when it is new.  I would of walked away from this deal if it was me.......they passed you a used truck......not sure about the laws in your area, I think in certain states, they can't sell your a truck called "NEW" over 500 miles.
The dealership are like Mose everybody else... they don’t care about customers ... it’s all about money.... you guys are awesome.... thanks buddy
I'd like to have a new truck but I know I'll never be able to with the prices on them oh well I'll keep plugging and chugging in my old ford
There is no such thing as a COVID F150. They are made in Michigan, which was shut down until recently.
I should have these problems....able to buy cool trucks on a whim ...even with problems
Personally had a bad experience at a Ford Dealer. In San Leandro, CA. They tried to give me TWO of the same warranty for $ 5200 total (that wouldn’t benefit me at all). They prey on new buyers. Luckily i had a family friend help catch that. Never again.
I am done with new vehicles, I think you’re future is with old vehicles.but that piece of ; Gladiator was 67,00 Dave has the answer.
Ha I bought my 2020 Raptor in March for invoice, MSRP was $74,300 bought for $69,300.
In Manitoba they're not allowed to do that :)
Wow Ford is really giving us Americans true home grown quality.
I went to look at f250 with 7.3 gas they had 2 raptors I was curious about price.  I was in shock they had it marked up 15 grand that was 2 months ago.  For 120 grand buy bullit mustang and just get 2021 fx4 f150 at-least you can get v8 in that.
That's your fault for not driving the truck before you signed the papers ! I do enjoy your program .
you guys suck at buying cars
My 2020 raptor has a bad wheel bearing at 14 miles. Lol... ain’t that something
Your fault for not test driving it and inspecting it before buying it. Lesson learned.
I "divorces Ford, after a 34 year relationship in 2000, and never looked back.
I personally won’t buy a new vehicle unless the odometer is less than 20 miles.
Never pay more than MSRP for anything. Never buy anything that has more than PDI miles on it, unless further discounted. Boycot buying from any dealer that tried either tactic - they'll soon get the message, or be out of business.
How much are you selling your 250
Well if you guys want to take that one back, I live in CA and the Ford dealer a mile from my home has 4 of them on the lot for under 75k and 2 of those are 70k
So you bough the truck sight unseen and got screwed. Who's fault is this?
Great content guys:) I'll still with my 20+ yr old cars and trucks!!!
It's like you've never bought a new vehicle before.
👀 $100k!?! It's still a Ford!
Congrats but this makes me sad you guys got a Raptor
Shouldn’t the mileage have been in the paperwork somewhere? I know it was when I bought my truck.
You won't want to drive that Raptor once you drive the TRX.
the ford is very dated (interior) and for some dealers to sell very high is terrible
You should have bought one from St George Ford in Utah. Bought many vehicle's from them over the years they are fair and always nice.
I know a guy in southern Ontario Canada that has one for sale for 89,500 . He is building a house close to Steve the Canadian guy you had
100 percent a demooooooo
Your first mistake was buying a Ford.
You don't ever ever find a honest dealer 100 percent ....
I would want something for the mileage. Free extended warranty. Would help the pain of being screwed a little.
you signed a sheet acknowledging the mileage for the vehicle. either they lied on the form or you didn’t read what you were signing.  also, you have to press one of the buttons above the mirror switch to select which mirror you’re adjusting. it’ll illuminate. neither of yours were lit up
Who purchases a $70k+ vehicle without checking it out first?  Your fault.
had a similar experience when buying my 2020 dodge ram. Service was terrible, took them forever to fix body damage on the vehicle that happened between the time I saw the truck and when they got it ready for pickup, they gave my key to the wrong person and wanted me to meet up with them to pick it. It was a disaster. love the truck but never will I ever set foot on that dealership again
If you're wondering, there are people who make money looking up cars for people. Theres obviously more to it but at its core they are a human car search engine. They may find you the best deals or best dealership
You guys basically dealt with the biggest problem out there. Scumbag dealers. I hate shopping for cars, new or used because of all the BS and games they play. There is no way you should have paid sticker for a brand new truck with that many miles plus the missing key and issues it had.
70k for a year old used truck with issues? They saw this guy coming a mile away...
a dealer did something similar to me at the beginning of the year! after I bought it I realized it had 2700 miles on it and they sold it to me as new! they later said that it is NEW but had miles on it because the GM was driving it.....very very very bad tactics
Between this Raptor and that white Defender you guys grabbed it looks like 2020 is on brand!
Why do  trucks cost so much? cause they know there are fools out there that will pay it.
Sweet looking truck. Our 2020 f150 had 3000 miles. Built in dec 2019 and we bought in July. They use them as Courtesy vehicles too and gave us $off for the miles.
Look at the window sticker and it will tell you the dealer the truck was delivered to. I bet it was at another dealer before it went to Hastings.
1. ALWAYS personally inspect something that you planning on buying BEFORE you pay for it, especially high money items like vehicles,homes, and the like    2. When it comes to vehicles I would absolutely test drive it if they allow to do so before I agree to anything      Hopefully this is a learning experience for we everyone
You couldn't have bought a pre-owned 2nd gen one for $43k and 75k miles?
Ford moment  Ford moment
supply and demand
I wouldn't mind owning a genn1 V8 raptor. I hate ecoboost V6. Well I don't hate it but I wouldn't buy it let's put it that way lol.
Seeing this trend shows me how far humanity has gone down the stupid hole
Dealerships are a joke anyway
Junk!
Why buy another Raptor? Move on to a different truck.
I'm not a fan of domestic cars and trucks, but this Raptor is the best looking truck available in the market. I will never spend $77K on a domestic product no matter how good they look or perform. I purchased my 2019 Tundra TRD PRO for $47.5K last July which was an awesome deal considering how popular the TRD PRO is. My Tundra might not have all the capabilities of the Raptor, but I have peace of mind knowing that my Tundra is more reliable, won't let me down, has great resale value and that awesome 5.7L V8.   Roman - Just be prepared to make several trips to the dealer for repairs and to take care of all the recalls. Also, keep a fire extinguisher handy in case it sets itself on fire.
Everytime I've purchased a vehicle, new or used, there is the odometer disclosure.  If you didn't look at that, your bad.  Shady dealerships are the norm anymore it seems.  And the truck,  built ford tough.  🙄
In my 52 years of existence, I have only had one positive dealer experience - even after purchasing over 15 vehicles.  That industry really needs an ass-kicking...
These guys have bad luck!
Ford being shitty as usual
Typical ford
Guys need a new color for trucks.
Sucks they Did the usual trickery on  you guys ... Lesson learned, NEVER , sign papers before inspection !!!
Welcome to the Craptor community. Would you like to borrow my vasaline...not much left. Factory Ordered Road Disaster F.O.R.D
They saw this guy coming and you didn't even haggle or look at the truck in person. Can't trust a STEALership
This got on trending lol.
Look at my name🤝.
They shouldn't be allowed to sell above msrp.
This is looking like another horror series like the JLR. I've got my popcorn and you have my sympathy of making great content the hard way.
Dealerships are scum
Oof. I always check the vehicle before signing and test every feature, then do a final inspection before getting in and driving off the lot. I helped my in-laws purchase a couple of vehicles and I did a final inspection before they signed the papers. The porter scratched the bumper pretty good when they drove it back from washing it. Their other vehicle a squirrel had a party under the engine bay the day before signing, that one was interesting...
Squirrel!!! 9:52
Yall are having some bad luck with new cars lately.
we bought our long term truck......we hope to have this for the rest of the year. hmmm
sorry you signed and bought without looking. this makes no sense. plus you should have a mechanic staffed. stunned at these oversights
If you showed up at the dealership in texas with that screen shot of the price, they have to honor it.
Well I'm learning from your mistakes. Thanks for the video.
This video has convinced me to never ever even step foot in a Ford stealership
With more than 45 years of buying and selling vehicles, I can safely say that the fault is with TFL truck for not checking out the vehicle PRIOR to taking delivery.  They actually had to sign an odo statement with the paperwork, and they DIDN’T NOTICE THE MILES???  Bottom line: If buying a vehicle isn’t fun, you’re doing something wrong.
If I won the Lotto I'd buy you guys dealership's 😂 Thanks for sharing the experience 👍
It was probably used as a demo by the original dealer.
Car salesmen = c r o o k s
Ford has no quality control. The new CEO said the same. Go check out any new xlt with 0 miles. If its like the few I looked at, dash is warped and a few had a broken top rear window track. Again 0 miles brand new. Unfortunately people continue to buy with these issues so ford keeps pumping out crap quality trucks. Hopefully ford can turn this around in 21 but highly unlikely. I've been to 6 dealerships in my area and only 1 salesman was a decent human being.
Good luck getting parts for your truck though. Due to grobarized suppry chains, it may take you months to get the part you need.
I have a 13 raptor with only 75000 miles and it is falling apart. 4x4 not working, rear window heater stopped working has a antifreeze leak that I can’t find and the wires on the rear driver side broke, mirror motor acts funny.
Sounds like a classic case of a lemon. Shrug, try getting it fixed or start invoking your local lemon laws and get it returned. If it truly is in shortage, some other schmuck will be next in line to overpay for it.  And you have to love how dealers bend you over when they know they got something that is in short supply. Dealers, dealers never change.
Roman, I hope they marked down the price due to used mileage!!.  Also, Next year model starts build usually in the fall of the current model year after "summer shutdown".
Don't worry Roman the viewers paid for it and don't worry the viewers will pay for the next one also
This is why eventually dealerships will be greatly reduced in favor of an online buying process, most ppl cant stand the dealer experience going back decades, ultimately they've ruined it for themselves
I test drove a gladiator and a ram back in October and ultimately went with the gladiator. Dealer asked me what options I really wanted and they had an 80th anniversary edition on their lot with everything I wanted. Was filling out the paperwork and the finance guy was showing me the mileage on it to sign off in the odometer reading and it had 1165 miles for a 2021. Wasn’t really expecting that high mileage on a brand new vehicle.
I have a feeling this was a “demo” truck in Hastings.
I wish this was a less than typical experience with car buying. Hopefully this isn’t the beginning of the nightmares and just a bump in the road.
Why did you walk out and drive off? I would have made them fix it right there. And gave me a loaner...
First it was not your money, it was made from sponsors and youtube viewers, second your the proclaimed experts with the intention of giving good advice and making mistakes that a teenager would make buying the first car. You knew the market was limited and dealer mark-up was going on but somehow you found a miracle. Can you find me a new Corvette at dealer cost?
It's a piece of shit that's why.  Dodge is what you need.
It’s obvious that you didn’t do a thorough inspection. Lol
Glad to see TFL making so much money Roman won't even bother to physically inspect a $70,000 purchase down the street.  The altitude combined with legalized pot has addled his brain to millennial levels.
I have a RAM but I think the current Raptors still look so darn good!
Typical Ford 😒😒😂😂😂😂😂😂
I'd be pissed if I bought with anything over a couple hundred miles and they didn't tell me
That lasts https://youtu.be/pJg11nj0VlQ
You guys aren’t shrewd negotiators.
Totally unethical. I was a salesperson and never would I do something like that. Open book, cards on the table. Most of my customers were basically referrals and previous customers. It would pain me to hear other salespeople say, “man we really screwed that guy!” You’ll never see that person again.   My advice. Never sign before the test drive. If you do, don’t take delivery before your inspecting it. Don’t move it from that spot until they fix the problem. My last piece of advice. Never use a “broker” or whatever they call themselves. Basically they’re a middle man for the middleman.   I’ve long since left the car business.
Operator error every step of the way. Cant blame everything on the stealership
Fords 😂😂😒😒😒😒😒
This is starting to get really annoying.  I don't watch your Channels to get annoying Dealer problems.  I watch it for Off-Road tests.  This Channel buys a lot of Trucks, if you are careless enough to not notice the mileage before you make a purchase.  I really question everything else you put out there.
Dealerships need to stop with the markups,  so not cool 😑 !!
Dealer markups should be illegal, charging over MSRP is ridiculous, imagen best buy, apple, etc charging markups for items in demand 🙄  I wanted to order a demon but they wanted $60 over sticker, I've purchased durango, journey, 2 chargers, from this dealership and went in to order a hellcat durango and they tell me they will be charging a market adjustment of $15k i was like dodge hasn't even released any dealer info or opened up orders how are yall charging over MSRP when there is one yet 🤔  Told them to shove it and found a dealer that not only doesn't mark up the prices but they sell every vechile below MSRP whether its custom ordered or on the lot.
I’m really surprised that you didn’t do your homework before signing on the dotted line. It’s one thing to complain about being taken advantage of and putting the blame elsewhere but seriously it more you’re fault than the dealership. I get it was shady on their part, but I always go in with the mindset of what are they’re going to try and sneak past me 🤷‍♂️
Tesla will sell directly to the customer eliminating these rat weasels
Man this dude has shitty luck buying automobiles
SOME ONE WAS LAZY!
I'm surprised that someone in the auto industry is acting like this much of a normal consumer. A "covid truck" come on man.
For a guy who hosts an Automotive channel, I would hope you'd know the difference between a SIDE view mirror, and a REAR VIEW mirror. Apparently not. 😦
Yeah the vehicles built during covid have a chance of not being built to the best standards.  Constant part shortages have been a big issue; so basically parts are retrofitted after rolling off the assembly line.  Plus having to wear additional PPE makes it harder to see and defects are created and missed.  Some manufacturers were shut down for an abnormal period of time and have been playing catch up ever since, so workers are exhausted.
Nice truck!
Lol, the last f150 I bought the turbo was disconnected from the factory, went limp mode before we could leave for the test drive.
This is one of those people who pay $2000 for a PS5 on craigslist and takes home a box with a broken PS2 inside.
They call them Fix Or Repair Daily for a reason.
So what? Lubbock people thought, "Okay, it's got a $1,000 option, and a $600 option. Whattaya think? $10,000 over sticker? Yeah, that sounds right." Utterly ridiculous. On a totally different note, I like your shirt, Roman.
I don't think robots get Covid?
115k for an f150... out of your f*ing mind. Just can't support that.   @tfl build the damn trail boss. Magnuson supercharger and a lift kit and 35s. Makr it fair the Trail boss has turned into a car thats barely featured, don't just go after the two high dollar trucks, show how good you can make a cheaper truck we all can have a shot at buying. Please? Feel like you guys are just going after the buzzword trucks lately. Either old old trucks or these trucks that are stupid expensive.   Come on guys...
6:30
Can you tells us about the Tatraplan poster on the wall behind you?  Cool and quite uncommon in the USA.
You poor guys sure don’t have luck with vehicles this year
Buying a $20k+ car sight unseen, new or old or fake-new, is a bad idea!
By asking if it's a covid-19 truck is basically saying that vehicles made in this time are built worse. Just tell the truth, we all know that's what everyone will be thinking when buying a vehicle made during covid-19.
Thanks for finally purchase an Ecoboost
*Hey, to you reading* .. you are loved in this moment, just as you are, here's how we know: "For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whoever believes in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.” *www.soul.fish*
It would have been better to see and hear more about the truck instead of hearing more about your continued bitterness for Ford.  The dealership probably knew about your history with Ford harassing and chasing down their test vehicles. This seems more of a spite purchase to upload biased reviews. 🤷‍♂️
Every brand seems horrible except Toyota.
Some new cars get a lot of miles from being what is called a rollback meaning the truck was sold but the buyer didn’t get financing so they return the truck with miles on them so the truck should be considered used but I have seen these cars sold as new if the Dealer still had the paperwork from the first sale that paperwork disappears
'Can you even sell a 1000 mile truck as "new"?! Doesn't seem legal. How burned are the tires?
That's why you inspect *BEFORE* you sign the papers.  You walk around and check the mileage, condition, paint, VIN on the paper matches, and stuff works.  Alot of this is a *YOU* problem.  You need to watch the deal particularly when the price is too good to be true.  Never had someone present a vehicle I purchased new without showing me both the keys.  Wouldn't sign the dealer without see everything that is included or a signed "we owe" document with what they will provide that isn't present at that minute.  The dealer messed up.  The buyer messed up.  You would with all the vehicles they buy, they would be more sophisticated than this.
Dealers are scum! They have to go!
Dealers are Not interested in you, period.  They however ARE interested in your money.   Everything else they say can be classified as a lie or withheld information.
You guys looooove your bright red trucks lol
unfortunately, I'll bet the stupid Ford dealers try to pull the same price jacking stunts on the new Broncos. This will be a huge turn off for a lot of buyers. Ford needs to step in to stop this shadiness.
Wow.  You coulda bought fifty 1999 Ford Rangers instead!
Just me or is Roman super winded??  He lives full time in CO right?
I wonder how much the prices will drop when the TRX hits the lots.
How do you think they have trucks right in 2020 ? Because they start building them in  August .the 8 month and on are next year model FYI.
Or wait a few months and buy the new Raptor unless Ford ain't making it anymore
The connector has most likely popped off on the mirror switch five min fix if you have a trim removal tool
I can't see how they sold that as a new truck no way it would be legal here plus it is one year old would not have paid more than 60k max
Pretty sure God is intervening and trying to get y'all to stop swapping out vehicles every 2 months by breaking all the new ones you're buying.
I was trying to buy a Kia Stinger that was on the dealer lot for 2 years and had 8800 miles on it. The GM had been using it as his personal car but it was never purchased. They would not negotiate down from their ridiculous price because it was still "new". I ended up finding a Mustang GT for $7000 less.
Screw that. I'd demand a credit for that mileage.
I used to work in large scale automotive finance and what you experienced isn't surprising. Although they should have provided a truth in mileage certificate with purchase, the mileage amount would still qualify as "new" under manufacturer and more importantly their floorplan, it should have been disclosed. The original dealer probably used it as a show truck and assuming 6-12 months of demo use, its not that many miles even though the dealer that traded or bought it to bring into Colorado should've towed it to keep mileage down, it does not always occur. I would be open to freelance work if you guys need a better car guy to find these vehicles and negotiate price as they certainly took more than they should have on the purchase even though it's a "high demand vehicle".
Any news on the Defender?
Omg he got a truck local and MSRP not over priced with minor issues. Omg save a ton and have minor issues all of which they fix asap. It's your fault for not even looking at the truck before paying. Dealers have you sign an odometer discloser form.
If the vehicle is driven by employees don't they have to be sold as used?
Dang man I’m in the military and ordered my 2019 Raptor overseas from Military AutoSource. I was able to pick every option I wanted and the truck was built exactly the way I wanted it, had to get a slot, but MAS took care of all that for me. When I got back to the US I was able to pick up my truck at the Ford dealership of my choice and it was a completely hassle free experience, given I had already secured the loan when it was being built, just handed the keys and drove off. Seeing this video makes me truly appreciate the experience and appreciation for the military given by MAS and I will certainly be holding onto this truck for a while, those markups are insanity. I got discounts on the options on the truck too one of the benefits given to us service members serving overseas from military autosource.
ugh, trucks .... unless u need it for work, they're horrible, takes up too much space and horrible fuel consumption
I don't understand why the Saturn dealer sales methodology never caught on when you hear stories like this?
I've always seen mileage listed on the dealer website, but if they had it at like 1 or something that is bad.   I don't get this as a content purchase but its of course a nice truck. They've already established that the TRX trounces the current gen Raptor, then at the end of next year if they buy the supposed next gen Raptor will they keep the TRX for a second year to compare?
Will neve buy a Ford product l... cheap, unreliable ugly and very very plain.....
That’s too bad- you should have asked for a future discount on the next truck for all the BS they pulled!   That must be so exciting to buy such an awesome brand new truck! Oh man I would love  that experience.... I’d probably end up never being able to pick because I’d have to see ALL the new vehicles hahah. :) Nice red color! My vehicle is red- named her Ruby! God Bless and thanks for the awesome video- you rock!  ♥️🐻✝️🤙🏽
Dealers are so “hit & miss.” I’m on my 3rd Ford F-150 & 6th Jeep Wrangler ... nothing but excellent experiences with both. Having said that; the Raptors are at a premium (markup) here in NorCal too.
Greed Make the sale Onto the next
Never trust a car dealer. BTW from what I hear the COVID Ford trucks had better quality control and a lot more eyes on the production lines.
Sounds like my experience buying a TRD Pro 4Runner in Colorado lol
All you really have to do is tell them you’re gonna give them a negative survey when Ford calls you, watch how fast they fix your problems.
What?!? You didn't buy a Jeep? You keep recommending those POSs to everyone else.
Squirrel.  I would never buy a dealer to dealer swap.  I am sure there were several purchase attempts with this truck, and all fell through.
Topical dealership, boast about extras that really should come with it like bed liners. They try to make you feel better about the price, like you got something special. All BS!   My 2013 SVT just hit 100k and still runs like a champ. No, and I mean no major issues!    And It's my everyday vehicle.
I would’ve thought with as many vehicles as tfl buys you’d be a more wary of dealerships and have your ducks in a row
Smart decision resell value will not be more than your msrp Fun fact with the first gen raptor it is the work on the street that King shocks are better = thanks but no thanks..
On the bright side you didn't have to drive the 1000 mile round trip to texas to get the other truck so the mileage basically evened out.  No gas, no hotel, means $ for some febreeze, a replacement switch, and a steak dinner.
car dealerships are scams.
I wonder if the factory warranty has already started.
Eveyebidy who is watching this follow your dreams I promise you will achieve them not when you want to but when the time is right amen 🙏🏾
How many build numbers are for the Raptor in 2020? they should be rare consider this is a discontinued year just like the 2015/2016 years. So is the 110k Raptor the 2020?
If you were my buddy telling me this same story I’d tell you “stop being a cry baby, you suck at buying trucks!”
You guys are having terrible luck.
Broken when you bought it?  Sounds exactly what anyone should expect from a Ford.  What a garbage brand that makes garbage products.  Ford dealers are absolute scum too.
Why are you complaining if you got the truck cheaper without having to go very far
I easily avoid those kind of problems by buying a chevy!
That Sir is why I would never buy a Ford !    They dealership needs to back-up the shit they sell !!!!
Gene Messer Ford in Lubbock. Never have had a good impression of that place.
Gosh, you guys aren't having very good luck buying new trucks lately. That Raptor may have been a demo model.
Fckn stealerships.
I thought you guys were the truck experts ? 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
I would never by a vehicle sight unseen.
When the Raptor came out in 2016 (IIRC), I went to the dealer 1.5mi away and offered MSRP for one. They wanted $15k over. I ended up buying an F150 (not a Raptor) elsewhere, and will never buy a vehicle at that local dealer. I drove my F150 45min each way to the dealer I bought it from for all service as well.
Wow.  Every time I drop my 2015 F150 FX4 off at the dealer for service, tires, whatever, they bend over backwards to make sure I'm ecstatic and then explicitly make sure that I'm highly satisfied and then mention/ask for me to rate them with 5's when Ford sends me a survey.  Either the sales side isn't doing this or this dealership doesn't give a  damn.  I'd have been HOT had I been Roman and they for damn sure would have done somethings to make me happy.
Jesus #1 no cap all fax. Whatever we do we have to do it in the name of the Lord Jesus and give thanks at the same time. Verse: "And whatever you do, whether in word or deed, do it all in the name of the Lord Jesus, giving thanks to God the Father through him." Colossians 3 17 God bless. Websites: BibleGateway VerseOfTheDay
Man, such a rough start. Maybe you should buy a defender next time, those are always great out the gate :D
That would be my last purchase from that dealer.
I live near Lubbock. When I saw the dealer name, I knew the shenanigans were about to ensue lol.
Wow. I'd LOVE to have your kind of problems. /s Talk about being out of touch with most of humanity!
Is it just me or does it look like the doors and panels have really uneven gaps? The fit and finish seems off.
Lol at  trucks with beds not long enough to carry basic sheet goods and standard dimensional lumber for $50-$100k.
See you should have paid $110,000 and you would have got a truck with zero miles and and the and side mirrors that worked 🤦
Like I always said to you guys I'm not a fan of all these new expensive tech vehicles so not worth it.. I'll never be convinced of it. My three vehicles are all in great shape and all work great and cost less than a one eighth of this vehicle...and they all can pass emissions .
You guys must be printing money or you guys love debt. I know its your business but you have tons on money tied up in vehicles. Sure hope the ROI is worth it.
They’re still 70s here in ca
As soon as you said yould pay MSRP they took you as a sucker.Than they figured they could milk a few more thousand outta you.SHADY
Welcome to the world of the common man.
Nothing new all the dealers are putting 2-3k aftermarket stuff on trucks and marking them up for 15k as "special editions"
And that's why Ford is only making a select amount of vehicles... They're just a few steps away from becoming a 1 trick pony, no pun intended.
I think it’s was a “I want it now” scenario and questions weren’t asked I’d assume a typical buyer would 1 at least test drive it before paying for it at which point questions like “why does this have 1K mi on it already” would definitely have been asked along with catching the broken mirror SW because as a new/Used car buyer you do play with everything to make sure it works right guys 🧐
My son bought a brand new one and nothing but transmission
Sorry Roman, but did you marry your wife without never ever having seen her? You dondt do the Paperwork and pay in advance without even haven seen, yet checked and compared paperwork with the Truck before you sign and pay.  Roman, clearly your fault and I feel sorry for you ... how could you? I dondt get it.
I'd still  buy one made in USA  and I'd  run over a honda
Did you launch TFL bids because of the success of Cars & Bids???
That was alot of complaining about little things. This is the kind of guy that would call the cops on a kid with a lemonade stand
Slow down Jay Leno You paid under value and just assumed. And that's where you made you're mistakes
Man! It's so sad everyone's full of shit theses days. They should have disclosed everything before it was sold 😤.
$110k for a raptor?  You’d be losing $50k the minute you walked out the door.  Nuts!
I chose a Roush F-150 over the Raptor. Rebates, v-8 sound, much higher payload. Raptor is a toy more than a truck. Also, the exhaust cannot be made to sound good.
I feel your pain!! 6 weeks ago I bought a BRAND NEW Honda Pioneer side by side. Took it on one ride, 11.7 miles and 2.7 hours on it. When I was cleaning it I noticed that the FRAME was missing a weld!!!! Dealer has had it for a month now. Honda declined my insistence that they give me a new machine since I paid cash for one. Instead they are shipping the. Dealer a new frame and my new unit will be completely taking apart by who knows who.
DO a CARFAX or a VIN check with another dealer.  I bet you are the 2nd owner.  !
Typical ford bullshit dealers. Ford better fix it. A lot of bad press.
Wow $77k is a lot of bucks!!! I don’t know why dealerships are playing that kind of game-lying, all the time even with the high end vehicles 🚗 👎🏼👎🏼👎🏼
they deserve a shout out, they didn't ask for a penny over MSRP, meanwhile i found out who the shady dealer was; genemesserford.com, my fellow youtubers, feel free to send them your warm greetings 😁  https://www.autotrader.com/cars-for-sale/vehicledetails.xhtml?listingId=560784161&zip=79409&referrer=%2Fcars-for-sale%2Fsearchresults.xhtml%3Fzip%3D79409%26city%3DLubbock%26incremental%3Dall%26modelCodeList%3DF150PICKUP%26makeCodeList%3DFORD%26listingTypes%3DNEW%26minPrice%3D60000%26sortBy%3DderivedpriceASC%26location%3D%255Bobject%2BObject%255D%26state%3DTX%26firstRecord%3D25%26marketExtension%3Dinclude%26relevanceConfig%3Ddefault%26searchRadius%3D100%26isNewSearch%3Dfalse&listingTypes=NEW&minPrice=60000&numRecords=25&firstRecord=25&modelCodeList=F150PICKUP&makeCodeList=FORD&searchRadius=100&makeCode1=FORD&modelCode1=F150PICKUP&clickType=listing
Typical Ford...garbage quality. I just sold my Raptor to switch to Ram...all of my friends have had great experiences with them.
To be honest , what rational person buys a brand new vehicle sight unseen? Let alone a 70k + Raptor?  Ultimately, that’s on YOU.  Additionally the current mileage by LAW must be disclosed on paperwork at time of signing, even if you didn’t physically see the truck it was on the paperwork.
Roman always seems like the nicest guy - but I'm really starting to think he is too nice to be sent to deal with car salesman!!
Ugh!...
The problems with dealerships selling over msrp is the dumb asses that buy them.
I’ve gotta say...despite my YouTube “name” I really like my F-150...but I’ve never had worse service than at my local Ford dealership.  Never had better service than at basically any Toyota/Lexus dealership when I had my 4Runner.  Sorry you had such a crummy experience buying that Raptor.
This video is slightly misleading. I feel the intent of the video is to make it seem as though purchasing a Raptor is some troublesome experience. I anticipate that the video about purchase the TRX will be presented in a more positive light. The reality is that this particular dealership was a bit shady and that the purchasers didn't quite do their homework before putting cash in hand.
In addition to everything that you described, something that stood out to me like a sore thumb is the panel alignment on that POS.  Maybe it's simply the angle of the camera and the shadows playing tricks but as you were talking at 10:07, I IMMEDIATELY noticed how horrific the panel gap appears to be between the A-pillar and the front fender and the A-pillar and the driver's door.  Just look at how crooked that A-pillar appears to be.  The gap between the front fender and that A-pillar is non-existent in the front of the pillar and is like a 1/4" at the back.  Then look at how MASSIVE the gap is between the door and the A-pillar, and look at how much the gap varies as you move up the door frame!  I can't believe how terrible that looks...can you guys confirm that it is as bad as it appears to be on video?
2014 Raptor = Raptor 2016-Now Raptor = Puny Raptor
Typical Ford quality.(lack off.) Will NEVER buy another Ford Overpriced gremlin filled junk.
WTF TFL?!?  I have to comment that I'm kind of disappointed to see you chose the Raptor as your other long term test truck. This generation of the Raptor has been around for a few model years and I think anyone that keeps up on new cars/trucks has plenty of places to go see reviews on it. Ya, it is a little interesting to be able to see side by side comparisons with the TRX... but just a little interesting. I would say that just by looking at the spec's for both vehicles that it's pretty easy to tell the area's that each will out perform the other. I think any automotive enthusiast will say that Ford one-upped FCA's Wrangler with the new Bronco and FCA returned the favor with the new Raptor with the Hellcat in it. So I really don't see where viewers are going to gain much new insight from a long term comparison of these two. The other thing that kind of bugs me about trucks with these performance options is that the only place in the US that these performance upgrades can really be utilized is in the southwest (desert/dune) type of environment.  So it perplexes me that so many people pay extra for options they can't even use. It's kind of like paying extra for a convertible, but you're going to be using it in Seattle, WA or Nome, AK.
Narrative of Self is the result of a feedback loop between “Separate Self” & Cosmos 🔻
Would you sign for a house that you haven’t walked through. You can’t blame them for you not doing your due diligence.
it appears the whiny title got you at least #22 on the youtube trending page.
Covid built trucks are poorer quality?????  Loosen the tinfoil hat bud.
If you want a good price, it’s always a fight. Ha
Look Roman after having so much problem with my daughter's Ford Fiesta and previously Ford Exploder I want to see Ford go bankrupt. Very appalling (S**Tt) build Quality. Will never buy the blue oval product anymore. Yes my dad used to work for Ford and at one point owned a Mercury but that was then.
Sounds like you were robbed THAT TRUCK IS USED if you look under the truck you will find all kind of scratches for sure, you should tell us which dealer it is so we will never buy another vehicle from them THEY SOUND DISHONEST
Whats this "long term" phrase yall keep yackin about
Jesus love you, he died on the cross for you, accept him as your lord and savior he can change everything. For God so loved the world that he gave his only son, so that everyone who believes in him may not perish but may have eternal life" (Jn 3:16"  But you must repent too. From that time Jesus went about preaching and saying, Let your hearts be turned from sin, for the kingdom of heaven is near. (Matthew 4:17)'
In August, I bought a new leftover 2019 Raptor which is completely loaded (802a, roof, graphics pack, step, factory bed liner, forged wheels, etc..) for 10k under sticker and they threw in a Bakflip G2.  Yeah it was a year old from production but still works great.  Sticker was 759xx and I got it for a little under 66k.  Sorry to see you had a less than exceptional experience.  For a $75k + vehicle that is one of the halo cars from a manufacturer you would think they would roll out the red carpets and the charcuterie during the sale.  My experience was good but certainly not halo car worthy either, honestly, but I figure the deal was great and that’s all that it really comes down to.
I hope whoever drove the truck the first 500 miles had the consideration of breaking it in correctly. Shame on them for not disclosing that!
Flipping heck! I literally haven't even spent a tenth of that ($77k - MSRP) on any vehicle purchase in my entire life!  Anybody that spends ~$100k on a pickup is either super rich or super broke.
This is a reason I stopped buying fords
Pretty incredible that someone with your knowledge would sign anything without checking out the vehicle first.  NEVER assume anything.
You did the paperwork and obviously didn't look at ANY of it or you would have seen the odometer reading. I don't buy any vehicle without first seeing the vehicle and reading over all their BS paperwork. Maybe there's a lesson to learn here.
Sounds a little like one of the scenes in "Deliverance"
Paid for a truck w/o seeing it and complaining about it on youtube. Lol. Its your own mistake
9:36 squirrel video bomb on the fence.
That story is not specific to Ford Dealers. I used to work at a dealership for a little over a year and I couldn't convince myself to stay longer due to the nature of towing the line with customers. The whole "let me check to see if the vehicle is still here" fiasco is actually very common. The dealer website doesn't work in real time. If a vehicle sells at 10 AM today, it takes up to 24 hours for the system to process it. Third party websites can take longer than 24 hours. I can't tell you how many people I've had drive from a few hours away because they saw a vehicle online only to find out it was sold a day or two ago. It's something dealers don't have control over but the try to bank on the fact that you came in to purchase a vehicle and they will try everything to SELL you what they have. The mark ups can always be negotiated. Just because  vehicle is marked up doesn't mean it's going to sell at that price. We've marked up ZR1 Corvettes up to an additional $30k over MSRP and from my time there, we have never sold one for a penny over sticker. They sit for ever and by the time someone serious walks in to buy one all the managers just want to get rid of it because it cost's money to keep cars on the lot. As far as dealer trades go, it happens a lot. Most dealerships hire drivers to go to another dealer to trade vehicles. Some times we ended up with vehicles that were already traded once before which gave it additional mileage than point A to pint B that one would expect. The good thing about this scenario is that as long as the purchase contract states you purchased it with say 1k miles on the odometer it'll carry you to that amount past the manufacturer warranty. So if your bumper to bumper expires at 36k miles per the manufacturer but the purchase contract states there are 1k miles at the time of purchase then the bumper to bumper warranty will expire at 37k miles because the time starts when YOU bought it. Feel free to message me any questions you have when it comes to buying vehicles. I'm more than happy to share a few "dealer secrets" with you to make sure you get the best deal. I sell real estate now and I CAN LIVE WITH THAT!
I live in Lubbock Texas I have not dealt with a car salesman in Lubbock who is not shady in some way.
Do a true long term test and buy 1 year old high milage truck.
Good point! For current and future car buyers don't buy 2020 and 2021 model vehicles!
Let me guess??.That Raptor is powered by an Ecobooooo???Here in California an older 6.2v8 sells better than a new ecobooat powered!!Wonder why!?
Come On TFLT !! Why is TFL constantly attempt to "OKAY" the Unprofessional and SubPar Servicing and Buying Experiences to the Auto Buying Public? Why ?? Its NOT okay to Buy a  2020 Land Rover Defender  at $58K that was a Lemon! It's NOT OKAY TO BUY A 2020 Ford F-150 Raptor with 1300 miles and No Second Key(which is not NEW)!! TFL is NOT DOING THIER JOBS TO Protect the  BUYING from Scam Dealership, liked the Dealership mention in the video! The 2020 Ford (Not New) F-150 Raptor should be returned ASAP back to the Dealership because you were DeFraud out of $77k and that is a CRIME! Too many hard working Consumers deal with this type of defrauding issue with Dealerships every day but and do not have YOUTUBE POWER and do not know their Legal Rights to protect themselves from Dealership Predators. Case and Point, if you really purchase this 2020 F-150 Raptor, the Dealership had to produce some kind of "Mileage Declaration or Addendum" at the time of purchase and if 1300 miles was not mention at the time of signing documents aka Contracts, then it is FRAUD! ALL CONTRACTS ARE VOID IF DONE IN FRAUD!
Is a new truck with 1000 miles on it still new?
You should become a plumber with all that shit you had to go through.
The last time I bought a car here in California my local dealer disclosed the mileage by having me sign a form showing the total mileage at delivery.  Every time I buy a new car, there seems to be another new form to sign. As for the mileage itself back in the old days, they would have just rolled it back!
supply n demand ppl....same is gonna happen to the TRX.....same thing DID happen with the Demon, you will NEVER NEVER pay sticker price for anything that is "good" the TRX is gonna be over 100K USD easy im calling it now.  As for the 1000miles....woop dee man....you guys act like 70k is alot in the u.s.a.....a LIMITED ram goes for 89k up here in canada....your move
Why make this video when you signed a form that mentions how many miles are on the car? You shouldn't have signed.... Your fault
Why did you buy Truck and not inspect first before paying for it?
Should've actually inspected and test driven the truck before you bought it, you still got a great deal. There aren't any Raptors in my area for that price.
I guess they didn't want to do a better deal for some advertising?
Thank you for honesty!!
So you payed for the car before you even seen it? Thats dumb. Was this your first car you bought or what? 🙈
Buy a trx
Possibly more bad news. A large hail storm with golf ball size hail passed right over north Hastings on 8/05/2020. Check for hail repair to that truck. They could have them repaired already but it should have been disclosed. If it was damaged they surely got paid for it by their insurance. Most dealers discount for hail damage.Might explain why it’s been there so long.
U realize alot of 2020 trucks were built in 19!!! Alot of cars are built a year b4 they are tagged
Tatraplán! 👍😍
This vid fully shows dealer won’t trade popular reviewer differently than any regular joe when buying a car...
And the red Raptor he called about only has the the 801 package so definitely not worth the $10,000 mark up they were asking for!
By the title, you make it sound like the truck was bad.  As long as a defective situation is fixed promptly by the dealer, I see little reason to dwell on it.  As far as the purchasing experience: that is not because of the Raptor, but because of the dealer.  Since TFL was scolded by Ford awhile back, it seems your narrative about Fords has changed.  It seems like you spent $77K just to harp on Ford for a year.  I also find it hard to believe that you purchased a Raptor after dissing it for the last few months with the TRX.  I'm hoping TFL is not so "influenced" because of a misunderstanding with a manufacturer, no matter who the manufacturer is.  Now, if you want to do an episode about dealer experiences, I'm on board.  My last 3 new purchases have been less than satisfying because of lack of enthusiasm by the dealer.  Maybe it's a Colorado Dealership thing?
Rown u are a grown man never heard about assuming, itl make an ass of yourself that way quick...lol
Sounds like you all need to be a bit more thorough before you sign papers.
Buy a Ford, buy the best, drive a mile, and walk the rest.
They could do that because they understand economics, supply and demand when the demand is high the price is high.
This seems fishy to me.  Dealers rarely trade away Raptors. That's a long time for a Raptor to sit on the lot, and there is no way it left the factory with the switch like that.  I would look for signs that truck was damaged and repaired.
That dealership in Lubbock I hope gets stuck with that raptor and many other 2020 trucks.  That is such BS with the bare and switch.  Those places should be fined for doing things like that.
Typical dealership behavior. Always scamming people.
Always test drive the truck and it’s very common for vehicles to have miles on them. Inventory is considered new until titled or 5500 miles. Just FYI
Possibly a demo truck to begin with.
Wait you got a new truck with one thing not working and flawless paint. That is 9 less broken things and flawless paint more then when you buy a Tesla. You want a real experience Go buy a used Tesla from Tesla. You’ll be lucky to get it in 2 months if it’s located in your state. You will not even be able to see pictures a of it.
While you are having the truck "fixed", have them "fix" the odometer so that it reads 69 miles.
TBH, maybe complaining about the miles a little over the top, considering you got one at or around MSRP and close to home.  A bit better then the alternative paying over $100k or not getting one at all.  You should inspect the vehicle before you do handover, not after.  Your fault buddy, not with you on this one.  You would think that with all your experience etc you would know better, obviously not.  Note to self, NEVER buy a vehicle and bring this muppet along! It was like, "oh vehicle is broken, I wont tell them, make a video about how the dealership ripped me off" Back fired this time Im afraid!
I am a bit surprised about you not aware of the mileage, in Texas we have a mileage disclosure that dealer have to provide during signing is that not the same in Colorado? BTW I bought a 2020 raptor back in July and I am very interested in what you all will do with that raptor of yours have a great day
Depends on what dealership you decide to do business with. We own Bill Penney Ford and Bill Penney CDJR. I’m not in love with the RAPTOR or the TRX once we get one. I’ll give you a fair deal. Email at hjohnson@billpenney.com
I hope you are still not planning on getting a red TRX??? That would be too similar to the Rebel you already had... and now testing a red Raptor vs a red TRX?
Yep it must have been a shock when you turned the key and seen 1000 miles on your new truck. worse than finding out on your wedding night that your bride was pre driven.
Sold
and this is the way how they selling to the customer with over 800k subscribers on youtube ... what about normal people then...
You are not having much luck buying new vehicles these days.
You should now better. You need to test drive prior to buying. That's your own damn fault.
They can keep them!!! Hahaha 🤣😂😅
I dont think TFL would have any reason to make this stuff up but, its kinda strange that they just used a Raptor with the exact same color and build on previous videos and made mention that the owner was looking to sell it, why would they have needed to buy a new one?, and how would they not know the milage? When you buy a new vehicle the dealer has you sign a form acknowledging the milage, amlnd first thing you do before driving away is adjust the mirrors.  Wtf, Roman how did you miss so many things?
Tricky dealerships
https://youtu.be/PnmoEL-U1Rg .
All I have to say is:  Ford Quality and Service.
After that first comment from the dealership I knew he was in trouble with another stealer ship. Never sign papers until you inspect the truck.
Its a lot of complaining about things that you would have know if you had just done your homework. If everyone is asking so much over sticker then you should have done extra homework on one that wasnt over sticker.
So you bought a truck without looking at it before, told them you’re buying it the day before, and you’re disappointed that you missed a couple of minor things?
They are definitely in the wrong and should have noted these things BUT buyer should always look over the car before the final signing! Tell them you’ll buy it but check it over before signing anything. While they should fix it, you still bare some responsibility.
Welcome to 2020 where prices spike instead of drop on a product that's about to be replaced
Can you imagine the flipping clown that goes wow that's a good deal and goes an buys it ....sad but It happens all the time
Research and use your eyeballs. Nice buy Roman! Touch everything!
Rich people problems
Greetings to all those involved in this good work.  Good morning from Cairo, Egypt !
Of course ot was painful those blue ovals hurt going in and coming out...lol your real Ford guys use a lot of lube....
absolutely despise car dealers/dealerships in general
You should dime these crooks out.
The levels of corruption and bs at many, many dealerships is becoming too normal.  Last time I went shopping was a nightmare.  Glad you don't fluff your experiences.
Annnnd this is why they’re called Stealerships. They’re literally all crooks.
As an attorney who has represented car dealers for decades, do not trust them.  The salespersons do not know what they are doing. And the dealers will lie all day long.  Triple check everything.  When in doubt walk away.  Unfortunately you bought a used Raptor for a new truck price.
It is your fault Roman. Lol
The "Dealerships" arent your friends. Don't let the fake smiles, cookies, and coffee fool you.
AND. Not  V8.
Imagine how much fun they will have trying to buy a Bronco....   Dirtbag Ford dealers
The guy who does cars for living and knows all about them got ripped off at ford dealer
The "dealership has been very nice"???? They withheld information as to the mileage, didn't pre-inspect it thoroughly hence the broken mirror switch, and never mentioned the lack of a key. I would hesitate to keep the truck and I wouldn't do business with them in the future. I'd find a dealership I could trust!
Was actually looking at a truck at they Lubbock dealership glad I watched this now I’m not dealing with them
GOOD NEWS ABOUT CORONAVIRUS 😍😍😍 https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=dlUJQNALqco&t=210s
thats it, im done with ford
Well ....   it's a ford .
I feel all stealerships suck. The finanace manager is where most of the bad feelings come from. They treat most people like garbage and like they are stupid. As in my case when I go in educated with the information needed to get a good deal, the typical "I am not making any money on this deal" bullshit starts from the finanace manager. Needless to say I either get the deal I want or walk. The KEY is never go by a new car when you current car is close to bitting the bullet, which puts a person in a bad position and usually makes them desperate which the stealership can sense a mile away. Shame really as buying a car should be a rewarding experience but rarely is, at least here in shitty ole NY.
You should of said no to that truck and waited to find a proper dealer to deal with.
Stealerships
New Raptors at $65k to $77k USD here in Canada ($1 CDN = $0.77 USD) and you can import them to the US, there should be no duty and the US dealers should honor Canadian warranty. Check out the Canadian Auto trader site, you'll need a postal code (zip) use M4B 1B4 and set Distance to National for the best selection.
Just return that Raptor and for the next time, regardles the brand or vehicle type, go and visit the dealership. Make sure to inspect the vechicle prior to complete the transaction.
Please everyone, trust in Jesus as your savior. If you don't think he's real, ask him to reveal himself to you and he will. He loves you and he's waiting for you. He's very real. He loves you. God bless.
Lemon-lawed my Raptor and I soooo wanted to love it. It was such a pile of junk! 300 miles, turbo bad, 1200 miles top end rebuild cam phasers, 12k miles transmission had to be REPLACED! Other small problems too and we had enough! Techs at dealership told me in confidence every Raptor they got in needed cam phasers replaced, WHAT!
I thought Ford's were built to last 😂
TFL guys have a sticker on their backs saying "screw with me" lately!
It is a 2020 many manufacturers start making next year models the year before. Model year isn’t always indicative of the year the vehicle was manufactured. Also did you try selecting the mirror you wanted to adjust before pushing the mirror toggle button? You have to select which mirror you want to adjust before hitting the arrows to adjust it.
Model year changeovers for manufacturers is typically August, meaning your 11/19 build is a 2020 model year. Good lesson though about checking a car out before committing to buy.  If I recall, Ford limited their max mileage before selling it to the dealer of 75 miles, but technically, even with 1100 miles, if it’s never been registered to another individual it can still be sold as “new”.
The simple way for dealers not to mark up is just simple. Don’t purchase from that dealer, they would drop the price quick
Yeah, the only positive dealership experience I've ever had was at Lexus, middling experiences with Subaru and Acura. The rest have just been the worst. I hope that one positive from the pandemic will be the manufacturers making internet purchases a breeze.
The difference between socialism and "democratic socialism" is the same as the difference between murder and suicide.  Just because they put the gun on the table and try to convince you it's a good idea, doesn't make the result any different.  Most communist regimes initially got into power with a vote (combined with fraud to be sure) where some people were convinced that it was a good idea.  That's what CNN and their co-conspirators are working toward now.
Raptors are $90k here
How much is your super duty?
Colorado law says that it has to have a title and/or miles over 1,500 to be considered used (you know that). This is alot of good content for the channel but beating up dealers isn't a good look. What did they do wrong? Sounds like you didn't ask any questions, just said sell me a truck at msrp... you got what you asked for.
Between this and the Defender seems like buying a new car nowadays is a nightmare
Shocking you bought a brand new ford that needed repair the day you bought it. Lol.
Cmon, this guy knows they are all marked up.  Buys a raptor for sticker with no mark up, brings it home then he realizes it’s broken. Lmao  Wow Roman is a baby. Wtf
Happy to hear you got a Raptor.  Waiting for all the Raptor content and honest reviews.  Dealers suck 95% of the time so no shocker there.
Cool. Fun ahead
After hearing about your Ford and Land Rover experiences, Ram is sounding pretty damn good.
Ford charges it because idiots will pay it!! Uneducated consumer's In 2020 Ford had two billion-dollar payout in warranty claims over GM... Built Ford tough!!!
Almost $80K for a pickup truck?  No one should be spending that much for a truck I’m sorry.  I thought my 2015 Silverado at $45K was pushing it.
Me driving around my 2000 Chevy Astro with 195k awd I paid 500 bucks for been driving for over a year and just got new good year wranglers on it... 70k Jesus
The nebraska truck sounds like it spent a lot of time as a "dealer" vehicle -- if they sold it as new it cannot have been registered and plated (could check carfax). Probably the dealer owner or a manager or top sales agent was driving it.
Roman it should be illegal to price gouge like that
The last Ford that I owned will be the last Ford that I ever own . Never again .
Consumers have no one to blame but ourselves when it comes to pricing.  People either have too much money or credit is too easy to get.
Welcome to my hometown Hastings  NE.
I also had a horrible experience at a Ford dealership in Roseville, CA.   Ended up buying a Toyota 4Runner instead and I couldn't be happier.  Bottom line, don't buy a ford...
Raptors start at 70-75k new
This all started with a poor decision to buy a Ford product. It's not the car it's that they are a terrible company.
You should've bought one in Dallas tx.  They are cheaper than anywhere else
The funny thing is when I wanted to test drive one every dealer that I went to said I can't because they want to keep the miles down - total BS that they feed you!!! But I am also surprised you didn't test drive the vehicle after agreeing on a price and BEFORE handing over your money as you would have spotted these issues for sure.  If there'e anything I've learned from 20 years of car buying is that dealers will either lie their asses off or bend over backwards for you to make that sale - WALK AWAY from a dealer who isn't honest with you the first time. Check that car over in detail, and if it's used, bring a mechanic buddy over to get a second opinion. A good dealer will make the customer happy, while the best dealers make return customers.  In your case though even though the truck's one year old it was sold "as new" so you are covered by the factory new car warranty. Assuming you can keep it out of the service bay LOL. Have fun with your new toy!!!
Wait, did the odometer disclosure on the paperwork say something different?   If so, that's a federal crime...
I turned down a new ZR2 because it had 75 miles on it!
Thanks
Raptor was a carnivore that ate meat. You just got eaten.
That mark up is for people who are to lazy to travel to the next state to get a better deal, they are half that price in the south, if Ford wants to blow away the competition like the raptor has been doing they could drop a n/a V8 version of the 7.3 And make as bare bones as you can make it, like a base price of say 39,999!!?? They could do the same thing for the ranger, F150, and F250 and bronco and expedition and explorer, simple bare bones Ultra heavy duty performance that would undercut the competition, because you could easily supercharge it and destroy the competition a lot cheaper because they would sell the shit out of them!!
I hate Crapters!
You guys never learn your lesson. You bought the Mini Cooper sight unseen from Texas and got burned badly. “Fool my once shame on you, fool me twice shame on me.” Great reviews on TFL but please do not become a “how to buy a truck channel”, especially now that you have an auction website.
John 3:16 For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life. Romans 6:23 For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  Repent and turn from sin! Follow God's sacred 10 Commandments! Time is running out!
Never buy Ford!
This was totally a demo model for that dealer
any updates on the defender?
77k for a truck is insane to me. Cool truck though
I've bought a truck essentially online. When I got to the dealer (1.5hrs away), first thing I did before signing any paperwork, was check the truck, test drive it, and make sure it is what they said it was. I trust no dealership, no one else should either.
There is a reason they call them Stealerships.  Most of them are absolute garbage.  Buying a car is usually a terrible experience.
Good thing you went to your favorite dealership: Don't need to read the paperwork, don't need to examine the truck before driving off the lot.
Suggest you don’t try and fit a winch, just sayin’!
Too many problems, I would have asked for a refund.
Good job @Ford #Ford.....
Well over 100k was spent between this and the Land Rover.  To me definitely not worth the price.  Both dealers have been "great" but they still have your cash.
1300 miles? That is allot of  trips back and forth to church on Sundays
Picky,picky,picky.  11/19 is a 2020. Mail from hastings is Two days. A vehicle, is new until titled.
Mine is older a xlt . I added all the stuff to make mine look like a raptor for about three grand a few years ago . Wheels tires fender flairs, front and rear bumper ,headlights taillights grille  and the sticker on the hood . I've had about 8-10 people say " hay nice raptor" . Only people that know can see it's not and all in I paid $33k still to much! And I don't have the dumb turbo just a 307 hp v6 . Such a rip off what do you think it costs ford almost nothing .
So he finds a “brand new “ Raptor for $65k and doesn’t think to ask what’s wrong? Why is it priced so low? Maybe too good to be true? His greed got the best of him because instead of doing his due diligence and asking basic questions now he has a video topic to blame the dealer and make Ford look bad with the video thumbnail.  You can’t blame this on Ford. I’d have Ford attorneys send you a “friendly” letter. Because your video title and thumbnail is deceptive.
Well at least the dealership didn’t brick it (looking at you Land Rover).
Top 4 questions to ask. 1. What's the price. And start negotiations. 2. Can I get my preferred colour 3. How many miles will be on it when I get it?  4. Is it a new car or a demo?
This mark up has happened to everything. I needed another freezer and people are selling their 3 year old ones for more then a new one because of covid there isn't enough new products to keep up with the demand, people switched to used and people selling used got tons of interest and desperation buyers offering more than asking price.  Getting a larger dirt bike for my kids, same thing there, 1700 for a 10 year old 90cc when a new one is 1900.  The greed people are exhibiting lately is horrendous.
I searched for the truck I wanted in 2018, but local dealers were marking them up over MSRP. I kept my truck, then in 2019 started looking again. Local dealers had some deals on 2018 models, but nothing great. Did just what you did and broadened my search and found the one I wanted from 2018, at 26% off MSRP, in Sun Valley, ID. Apparently there, no one wanted the Lead Foot Lariat Special Edition with stickers on it, and it sat for 439 days at the dealer. A one-way airplane ticket on miles, and the dealer picked me up at the airport, and I cruised home!
My family and I had purchased 13 vehicles from Gene Messer and after the most recent experience we had we vowed to never return. Their sells men and managers have gone to "insert 4 letter word." They tried telling my mom her car needed a new transmission when she was trying to trade it. They would do the trade but the new vehicle would have an interest or 15%. She went to the other dealer in town and got 0% interest and the car didn't need a new trans. There was a small rub on the tire and well cover.
In my humble opinon you got the truck you wanted from where you wanted for the price you wanted. The mileage is not that big of a deal considering you didnt have to travel to get it. Driving it back to Colorado. The mirror will be fixed under warranty. That color on the Raptor is amazing. Looking forward to all the upcoming videos.
Could u guys do a review on the pontiac trans am and all of its trims including the ws6
I got a new truck in 2014 . Went to pick it up and the salesman runs out back and I see them pull it in to wash it and pull the plastic off the inside ,wasn't ready. I give the check and sign some papers and wait a hour or so . Some guy from the wash bay pulls around and hands me the key . That was it . They didn't go over anything just give me the money and get lost. I wanted to go for a ride and got about 50 miles and the TPMS goes off so I stopped at another ford dealership and he check the tires for me .  Then I hear a noise from the driver's door and the right mirror is falling off so I had to go back . Very bad experience it's a big deal spending all that money they should check them over and make you feel good about your purchase.
Why didn't you inspect it before signing paper work?
I have a raptor. Nothing special...  I'd rather have the new 2021 F150 Platinum.
This Channel is gone to shit, every new vehicle they buy mysteriously gets broke with in 5 hours of ownership? I smell bullshit and 🧢🧢
The only one not marked up had a reason for not being marked up? No way.
I had a bad experience buying my 2018 Husqvarna dirtbike when I bought it new. The dealer forgot to give me a triangle stand and the paperwork said used instead of new. They said it was in fact a new bike but the paperwork was wrong. At first they didnt want to reprint it to say new.
a ford
They should allow us to buy online from factory!
All dealerships do the same
First world problems I guess.
Bummer
The Raptor does absolutely nothing for me. I have never understood why people are so hot for them. I will miss your F250...
The trx is not going to be any better. FCA is garbage
.......... You have to legally see the mileage on  the vehicle before you purchase it........ either that dealership is sketchy or you just plain missed it... Or you just didn't say anything for the purpose of "good TV"..
Autotrader? Never.
Our local dealer always orders a “special” vehicle like a Raptor or currently a Shelby to use as his demo for a year and then sells it as a new vehicle a year later with no discount. Pretty sad way to operate!
Physically is one year old truck ,that is a shame !!!!!!!!!!!!1
I have been burned by dealerships. Pure scum!
Those three things (miles, key, switch) seem like really minor issues. Not “perfect” but not a horrible experience IMO.
77k for a truck? Thats insane. I paid half that amount for my house. How can that truck be worth 77k? Does it float? Does it fly? No, its just a truck? If people would stop buying trucks for insane amounts they would have to charge reasonable prices.
I Just bought a 2021 Tacoma TRD PRO. Couldn’t have been a better experience. Got it for exactly msrp, where I live some dealers  mark them up $10,000 and more. A work friend just bought a 2021 f-150 XLT. He had it 3 days. Croaked sitting in his garage. He Had to have a rollback haul it to the dealer. Only the old fords for me.
Only vehicle worth sticker or over is a type r 😂...idk if this the comment section to say that, but deep down we all know it’s true lol !!
Well folks, add these items to your written checklist of questions to either ask the salesman or check yourself, BEFORE driving a vehicle off the dealer’s lot. This is an automotive channel. SHAME on u Roman for not having your EXTENSIVE, written checklist in front of u not only during the phone call w/the salesman but also, prior to u driving the vehicle off the lot. This is a perfect example of pure laziness on Roman’s part. DTA (DON’T TRUST ANYONE), I emphasize again, DTA. In my 54 years of life on this planet, I have consistently heard bad comments about 2 professions: lawyers and salesmen. The items Roman mentioned r ROOKIE mistakes for a guy who produces an automotive channel. Don’t open urself to being thought of as a PUTZ, as is now my opinion of Roman. Roman was, in a sense, ripped off during the car buying process b/c he was lazy and expected someone else (the salesman) to do what he should have done.
Had same type situation on a lesser truck was looking for a new frontier called after seeing on website sure they had get there don't have and tried to sell me a Titian.  This was in south bend indiana area.
The paperwork has the mileage on it. The paperwork should also say if it's brand new or not.
Why would anyone spend that on a raptor when you can get the TRX. Raptor is old news and short about 250 hp.  My dealer tried that crap with me so I put a deposit on the TRX.
2020 just sucks.
I went from Seattle to Arizona to get mine at MSRP. Made for a fun road trip there and back. Shoutout to Surprise Ford for an easy, no BS buying experience.
I had customers that hated ford so much they would come in just to break stuff inside the cars all the time. I had one kick a Ford fusion and kicked the handle so hard it broke and when I chased him down he was yelling ford sucks chevy all they way.. so yeah could be that too
Wild willies indoraptor!
On the plus side no break in period !!! 😂
I would not have bought that.  I would have walked away.
production date and model/year date are not the same, a truck built at the end of the 2019 year can be a 2020. like 2020 model getting into dealer in middle to end of 2019 year. to get the model/year you need to check the 10th character of the serial number. year 2000 was 0, up to 9 who was 2009, 2010 was A, the i letter was not used so 2019 will be K ans 2020 L
Don't you guys have an odometer disclosure form to sign in your state when buying a car?
Could have bought a Shelby raptor for the prices these loser dealerships are charging people.
So you did legal paperwork that should have listed current miles on it and didn't notice that it had 1300 miles on it? You (I'm assuming) would have seen the mirror switch as well. It sounds like the majority of this is on you.
Where do you guys shop at.  Limons of Fort Collins.
77k for any F150 is too much.  I Just sold my 2015 f150 XLT supercab Ecoboost 3.5L.  Was my dream truck.  Terrible vacuum leak day one driving home from dealer(in 2015).  Result: 2 new front wheel ends.  Recently fuel pump failed, fortunately I bought the extra warranty.  Then the it appeared the throttle body was failing as it would randomly quit.  With 33,500 miles on the clock I sold the truck(endless recalls were a bummer too).  Bought and old 2011 Tundra(the one the TFL guys hate the most).
This was a second production likely of the 2020 year. They if i recall start making them in July for the next year
How did you manage to pay for a vehicle without inspecting & test driving the vehicle?  Have all your ducks in a row BEFORE you hand over the money.
Can't believe a 'car guy' became a pure novice when buying this truck. Why would anybody pay MSRP for a truck with 1000 miles on it, a non working mirror adjust, and one that has obviously been sitting on a dealer lot for the good part of a year. Seems the TRX is just in another class so why even bother with the Raptor.
Built Ford Trash
You got a raptor fully loaded at sticker and by your admission it was way below market pricing.   You didn’t take the time to ask or read the sales agreement before you signed for it.  You drove it home and now your complaining?  Seems a tad whiny to me.
why the raptor going away ?
Are they still your favorite dealership?  Sorry for you had that experience.  Imagine how they treat customers who don't have multiple youtube channels and millions of followers.  Regardless, I look forward to some great videos of the new Raptor.
1st world problems 🤦🏽‍♂️
Ohhh man I’m gonna have to get one fast. The Raptor is one of my future vehicles 😔
Move to Canada.  It's against the law to markup a MSRP on new cars.  At least that's the law in Ontario Canada.
Anyone paying over MSRP for a vehicle is crazy, because the moment you take ownership  your vehicle is worth 20 - 25% less and more.
I was negotiating with ford on a 2020 f250 diesel. They were trying to sell me the 2019 at a huge discount saying New but i said “didn’t know 3k miles count as new... better take more off that price” they said their GM drove it home and to work in 2019. I’m like “if it leaves the dealership it’s def used. your GM literally drove from coast to coast in the U.S and back to the middle and you want to call it New? Fookin simpletons.
something around the driver's door area looks a little bit wrong. maybe it was rebuilt? also the paint does not match but i guess it is because of the lighting?
Crappy situation for sure ..but to be honest that’s what you get buying a 77k truck sight unseen. Can’t trust anyone.
Look at window sticker and see who it was shipped to . I bet it was a Demo that a sales manager was using .
"tundras are so outdated nobody cares about reliability anymore" also the same people: "my brand new ford/chevy/ram won't start"
They should extend your manufacturer warranties to be from the mileage at the time of purchase.
That is what you should expect when you buy it ford
Sounds like you're complaint is about a dealership, not the truck. I guess since you're buying a trx, that raptor is a real pos now 🙄 you guys seem a bit biased these days
I'm brought F-150 Platinum 07/2019 with 6" RBP lift kit and little damage from Copart to Ukraine! And its great and better for me with V8 Coyote!
Its honestly hard to feel sorry for you yo. You scribbled the pen on the damn documents before you discovered the lies on the truck.   It kinda reminds me of a vid I saw a while back of this dude who obviously wasn't a car guy - who thought he was buying a challenger hellcat redeye widdbody but because of his lack of knowledge of cars, he actually bought a regular hellcat widebody. He was hella pissed in the vid he made 😆🤦🏿‍♂️
Lol , reminds me of a Nissan dealer in Canada BC. Truck had over 1000kms on it, they wanted full MSRP. I said this is considered a demo in Australia I want one with almost zero kms, he told me this is consider brand new in Canada 😂 needless to say I went and spent more at the Ford dealership for f150 😂... What a dickhead!
Y’all need my help with purchasing vehicles? Y’all are batting 1000!
Texas dealers are trash. They always do the same shit. They advertise a truck that they don't have and when you show up to look at it they say, "oh it's at another lot, but why don't you look at this one" then they take you to the Piece of shit that no one else will buy in a desperate attempt to get you to buy it.  It's frustrating because I live in the middle of Texas which means if I want a decent experience I have to leave the state.
Next time, look before you leap!
This is a lesson that I learned from a couple years back. Never buy a vehicle without inspecting it and learning the history. Even if it is “new”
A ford dealer in Fort Lauderdale has two 97k gt500 with a 50k market adjustment price mark up. The cars have been sitting for months with c8 Corvette's for 73 and 82k across the street, dealers are crazy and greedy. The truck in the video someone bought new and traded it in because it had problems, dealers do no drive a car 500 miles to another dealer for insurance reasons. They have the car trucked in.
As long as people continue to pay for this overpriced junk they'll sell it, guy at work bought a dodge with a 1300 a month payment before my mortgage was paid off it wasn't that much, I roll a tundra does everything I need it for for 43000 I'm not brand loyal just not a lemming you cant tell people basic economics if their insecurities make them pay these prices
And now you know why Gene Messer Ford in Lubbock Sucks.
Feels like I am having  deja vu.
Guys, any update on the Defender situation?
Every vehicle purchase, regardless of price, should be a pleasant experience. However, when you're talking about a premium vehicle that is going to be driven and reviewed by a journalist/vlogger, there is no excuse.  It's a shame and I hate that it happened at a Texas dealership - though my experience with Texas dealers has been about 50/50. It's just the nature of the beast.
Long story short, its all your fault.
Smh , that would just piss me off 👎🏽
Ridiculous. That's an one year old used Raptor!
That’s why you don’t buy a Ford.
You should get like 10 k + on rebate for that truck  Roman,  anyways looks beautiful.!!!
I thought everyone knew that ALL car dealerships are crooks. Better make sure you do your research and ask questions, many many questions
Roman- i want to smoke what you are smoking? WTH is wrong with you
Hasn’t the whole Raptor thing been done already by countless others before?  Spit ballin here but how about a 4Runner project.  Raptors and Jeep’s...okay we get it
sounds like you didn't do your job as a consumer.   Why wouldn't you ask for paperwork before you "paid" for it.  Why not see the electronic build sheet that ford has all over... you made the mistake.   Just saying!
Dear dealerships,  People spending a pile of money on a new vehicle, or even an used vehicle,  expect slightly better service than they get buying a $500 TV.
For that price I would get the tesla truck and solar system to charge it.🤓😎🍔🍔🤮🤑💰💰
🛑✋😭😢
100gs, my god, you could build a real off road truck for that.
I am Surprised at FLT! You guys act like a bunch of Rookies! Never Ever take a truck until you do a close inspection of it with the salesman. You bought it sight un seen and got taken. Next FLT should reach out to Ford Corporation and informed them of your experience. I am sure Ford Motor Co would be pissed that Franchise dealerships are marking their products up! This is not good for business or its companies REPUTATION! Come on guys get with it for your viewers and Ford lovers!
not pointing any fingers but that's the things you should be checking before you sign for a new vehicle.  You could have also found a slightly used Raptor for sale
Loving the podcast 🙏🏻
This is why you dont buy FORD period
Are you telling us the mileage was not stated anywhere on the paper work?  Come on now ...
Do you guys not pay attention to the papers you sign? There’s an odometer disclosure that has to show the correct mileage that you have to sign. It surely said the car had 1100 miles when you signed it..if not that’s fraud and if it did you didn’t pay attention, don’t blame the dealership.
Roman..... I'm completely ashamed of you for paying $77k for a raptor. It's a good truck,  but isn't worth $65k. You could build a better truck for $60k. Bajakits.com
I've been burned before. Lesson? Always go over the vehicle with a fine tooth comb before signing anything.
Wow how disappointing your "Favorite dealership" treated you. Some shady stuff. There not so much a favorite anymore.
Was it made by Land Rover?
Ford produced 19’s and 20’s at the same time. Not much difference, except some packages. I purchased a 19 made October 3rd 2019. Usually only next model year by then. Probably for production numbers. I should say dealership “received “ 19 & 20 model years during September and October at least. STX has a20 stripe and wheel package that is different than 19.
You made alot of rookie mistakes. As with anything especially $77000 Buyer beware. I think most of the bad experience is on you. You acted like a spoiled kid and didn't do some basic homework. You no one to blame but yourself. Take responsibility! Stop blaming!!!!
First, Roman are you saying you didn’t sign a paper that states current odometer reading? They have a notary at dealerships to notarize the paperwork to be sent to Ford for warranty. And you paid $10,000 large over MSRP for that? Wait to you buy a RAM TRX, well over $100,000. The switch for mirror should have never left the lot in that condition. That’s what you call losing $20,000 for first mile off of lot. I would not have bought it. Look at Florida, tons of Raptors, new for sale at sticker. Peace
If the new Raptor has a V8 the prices on these EcoBoost trucks is going to tank as soon as it hits the showroom floor
But, yet  losers talk shit a bout Toyota
When it comes to sports cars love the Ford Mustang had a 97 now have a 88 notch completely restored but when it comes to trucks it's the total opposite give me a Ram 1500 hemi any day of the week but Ford did it right when they made the Raptor A friend of mine has one believe it's 2019 or 2020 just picked it up a few months ago but what a gorgeous truck from top to bottom they did the right job but as I say that obviously I would take a Ram TRX there's nothing like the sound of a supercharger the only thing these trucks are missing is gunpowder air freshener two beautiful trucks too expensive trucks
Always inspect the car before touching the paperwork! Online auction sites are filled with insane people who pay too much for cars, because they want to win the bidding process, without ever actually looking at the car first.
I don't know if it is a state or industry-wide law, but I thought any vehicle over 200 miles on the odometer had to be sold as "used", not new.
The new vehicle buying experience is a very painful experience IMHO. Dealer are all a bunch of cut throat scoundrels. Scam after scam after scam to steal money from their customer base.
The situation stinks, at least they fixed it.  But we cant overlook the fact that you signed without looking at the vehicle first. That's on you.  With a $70k purchase I don't even trust my parents that much, much less a business who is trying to make money off of me.
I bought my 2020 Raptor last year at AutoNation Ford Littleton, $6,600 off MSRP. Price shopped against trucks in Texas to get where I wanted to be, no other local dealer wanted to touch the deal. Trading it in for a new F350 which is on order. Wondering if I need to reconsider my Raptor trade value after watching this video... Thanks @TFL!
Woow!! Dealerships are Bunch of scumbags no doubt.  That's why no one likes that 'dealership experience process'.  😑
0:59  2024 ford raptor
Damn, I felt that. Buying a new vehicle is such a bad experience.
I live in Colorado and you can not get a good deal on anything 4x4 drive in this state. I flew to Florida to get my 4Runner. Too many people with too much money in this state.
We have a fleet of 2019 F250's, diesel and 80% of these have needed a complete rebuild with less than 30K on the odometer.
TFL bids, CARSSSandBIDSSS thanks for not making your announcement for your website so heavy as Doug 👍🏻😆
Too bad you're not here in Texas. We have plenty with no mark up.
Appreciate your honesty with this!  It is very difficult to trust the "Stealership "  I'm all for businesses making money but the Stealership does everything it can to absolutely screw you over.   Customer service just means they screw you  over with a smile.
(F)ix (O)r (R)epair (D)aily
Reminds me of a 2007 Mustang California Special I bought. It had about 1000 miles on it. After having it 10 years I found out it had been wrecked during a test drive. I traded it in 2017. They showed me the accident report, so I got less as a trade in.
It should be illegal to mark up a vehicle.
Wow!! Sounds like TFL needs to quit buying “new” vehicles! First the Rover issues and now the Raptor issues
Should of bought the 110,000 dollar one the cheaper one has problems. Yea if you shop around most bigger dealers will sell it without mark up. You might want some cheese with that whine.😬
Yeah when you are spending 70k plus on a car , you want at least that everything will be ok and no surprises, Im in stl these trucks in August went from 58or 60k to close to 74 to 77k , it is crazy.
That's why I've never bought a vehicle I didn't see and touch first.. it's hard enough buying a vehicle and getting a fair shake in person
Between the Defender and that Raptor you guys are  having lousy luck.
You guys should know better.  🤷🏼‍♂️
So how does it feel to be treated like the rest of us at the stealership.
I'm starting to think you guys are jinxed
The mileage has to be declared in the paperwork the sales manager had you initial and sign and date
I thought craigslist PS5 and Xbox series X consoles selling for just under $1,000 was pretty crazy ... and then I just learned about a $115,000 Raptor.   PS, six months ago I receive eight rolls of toilet paper from China via Amazon.  Cutest little cotton balls I have ever seen.  We live in strange times my friends.
You saved 10k plus in mark up, but  the vehicle has a thousand miles.  It appears  you've won this round and saved 10k to go towards the mark up on the TRX.
Bad Experience but typically in the US. You should have know better and it’s only your Self to blaim for not checking properly like you should have. Wining now and fingerpointing is unethical.
car dealers are such scum. vehicles would be so much cheaper if they were sold directly from the manufacturer.
2020 is not your lucky year for new vehicle purchases.
Show my age here, I remember when I'd wait for the end of the model year and check out my local dealers and make a really good deal on what was called a demo
I loved the “dealer prep” fee. They explained it as their mechanics giving it a once over to ensure everything is good to go. I would argue “I have to pay YOU additional so that YOU can make sure that YOU put YOUR car together correctly?” Cal it what it is, pure profit fee
1)The odometer reading is printed on MULTIPLE documents in EVERY SINGLE STATE.  If you had noticed it on just ONE of those documents, that would have been the time to bring it up and ask for a discount.  Besides that, if every other Raptor you found had $10k Markup, maybe msrp WAS the discount. 2) Sometimes things do get broken on vehicles before they are sold and the dealer just doesn't know about it until someone buys it and start pushing all the buttons and using all the features.  Doesn't mean it was intentionally hidden from you.  Vehicles have 1000s of moving parts and computers.  Stuff breaks.  It happens. It will be fixed at your local dealer under warranty at no cost to you. 3) Keys get lost occasionally.  The bigger the dealer, the more likely it is to happen.  Dealer traded vehicles unfortunately slow things down if the replacement hasn't been provided before it is sold.  Again, you WILL get a second key at no cost to you so what's the bfd?   4)Trashing every dealer within a 500 mile radius probably won't be doing you any favors in the future.
Look like someone return the truck and got their money back because of the broken mirrors switch then the dealer sold it to you. I would not consider it new if it had a 1,000 miles. I would return it unless the give discount.
When I was shopping for my jeep, I initially was going to place my order with the Lubbock Dodge Jeep dealership. After telling them the options I wanted they gave me the best quote compared to other dealers around me in DFW. Days later when I was putting in the order they started to increase the price stating they forgot all these options, the hardtop, etc. Ended up going with the Smalltown dealership and got below MSRP. I Love Lubbock, as a Texas Tech Grad, But man are the locals sketchy, and honestly it does not surprise me that Lubbock Ford did that
You guys are seeing some real life issues in purchasing vehicles....interesting to see the gouging, the excuses and the non answers...dealer specials indeed
I’ve had the problem of dealing with dirty dealers at Dodge Chevy and Ford . I don’t go back to dealers that mark vehicles up like that
Similar story bought a 2020 4runner trd off road negotiated paid less than sticker price and had it delivered to the dealership with 500 miles and found out later the roof had a dent missing original floor mats and small crack on windshield
You’re buying fleet vehicles now Roman, don’t get hung up on the one-off personal buying experience.
I’m not saying that a covid truck is bad, I’m just really glad I didn’t get one.   I’d like to play poker with you.
Think that’s bad,try buying a Ram from a certain Merrit Island Florida dealer,
I don’t think I understand. Buying a vehicle is infamously a terrible experience for most people. All of this sounds pretty par for the course to me.   You paid for a highly sought after truck without getting in it, and making sure everything worked and checking mileage and the rest. Then, there were some surprises. None of those seemed like anything terrible to me. They’re genuine grievances, to be sure. It isn’t like there’s a chip in the windshield and the engine is knocking. You still have the truck you want and it works (aside from a quick fix for a mirror that I imagine will be freely fixed by a dealer).
Why don’t more manufacturers start selling direct like Tesla
Wow Roman, you got hosed!
Ford: its so high performance it might be broke still when you buy it brand new 🤭  I bet the guy who drove it from Nebraska to Denver had a blast..lol Shoulda been trailered..
You guys in the comments complain about car dealers but that's the country you live in. Its capitalism at its finest. If you dont want to pay mark up then dont and shut up. Someone always will, therefore there will always be some kind of mark up. Yall would be surprised if you saw toyota and kia marking up their cars and suv.
I'm sure somebody else already stated this but your due diligence as a consumer was subpar do you have a channel around new vehicles you should know how to purchase one properly you didn't look at the stickers you didn't test drive you didn't even see if it had miles on it shameful other than that I love you boys and you have come along way it's awesome watching you grow as a channelAnd it's awesome watching you guys be able to afford $200,000 worth of trucks strong work man
Typical dealer.  That is a BIG part of the reason I switched to Tesla.  NO DEALERS!!!!!!
you have luck like mine :) love the channel keep up the info.
You guys are on a roll.  LOL!!
It’s a blessing that there are people who have that kind of money to spend on a truck !!! But sad 😔 that guys like me !! Can’t keep up with inflation!!! That’s two years salary for something they may last 8 years
Don’t forget the factory warranty started when the dealer accepted the truck and not when you bought it, so you are already 12 months down on your 3 year warranty
I’m glad to hear you are getting both a TRX and a Raptor, that should make for some interesting videos!
Wow.... You really need to list what dealer this was. Also I believe, (I may be mistaken) any vehicle built November/December of that year, the manufacturers list it as next year's model. For example a vehicle built December 2020 would be a 2021 year model.
I would love to have a Raptor.  I think they are the best looking, best performing full size pickup around.  But build quality is another issue, and I work too hard for my money.  So I drive a Tundra.  It has never let me down.  There is a reason some Ford owners refer to their very expensive trucks as "Ford Craptors......."  This will be an interesting project to watch on FLT.
It should be illegal to mark up cars period. If I go to a manufacture's website and I see a certain price, I expect as a customer to go to a store of them and pay no more than the advertised price. If I go to Jersey Mikes, I don't see a mark up on their best selling or limited edition sub. The franchise dealer is an old business model that needs to go away.
I have a 2018 raptor lead foot grey 802a with 18105 miles on it, i seen one on auto trader same year same color with 55k miles wanted 69k for it
Stopped @ local dealer to look @ 2500 ram with 6.4 gas asking price was right from the start he add 2500 for special treatment then he said it will be 900 dollars a month for 60 months lol  With my trade in for 8k and i have 788 fico
There is something amiss here.  No way they allowed 500 miles of test driving and they should have disclosed the miles did they not or you just missed it?
Ford strikes again. Overcharge and underperform. Not sure what you were expecting besides disappointment from them.
You did not do your due diligence!! You need to inspect any vehicle thoroughly before you buy it!! Don’t blame someone else  for your incompetence!!
Even at 100k it's pretty normal
UNACCEPTABLE. 1000 MILES, most transport between dealers. THIS THING IS CONTAMINATED. NUKE IT FROM ORBIT I SAY.
Who does the paperwork on a vehicle they have never seen or drove?  I know you buy a lot of trucks and cars, but before you put down enough to buy a new vehicle, a quick test drive and walk around seems like something that should be done 100% of the time.
@ 9:53  you see andre running
Does it have a squat or what?
We all know u can’t trust dealerships. Thats on u if u don’t inspect it before u buy it.
In California, dealers must disclose the reasons why a vehicle is selling above MSRP.  However, ultimately it is manufacture’s “SUGGESTED” retail pricing not the dealership. Is it more an ethical question than a legal question, who knows?
Wait so you guys are mad that you decided to buy at the worst time ?
That's a used truck. Tell that dealer to take it back, screw them. Or get them to take off the off the lot deprecation.
Most...."most" people that buy the Raptor or the new TRX are pavement princesses who will never use the truck for what they were built for. I call them white collar suckers.
This is why I won't buy from Ford or GM or Chrysler.  Too many dishonest dealerships too that Ford GM and Chrysler have. I'm going with Hyundai or Kia they're a good brand they have reliable vehicles and they treat they're customers right. Ford, GM and Chrysler should be ashamed of themselves with the way they treat their customers. 👎👎
This is why I dread dealing with car dealerships. Which is why my last new truck will likely be it for awhile.
Look how scratched up the black plastic pieces on the outside B pillar are already
Question...the 150 raptor they bought here looks like the size of the 250 they are selling...are they similar or have different tow ratings or what?
Trail boss was better
Real MEN don’t buy Red trucks,,,,, That’s why it didn’t sell for a year until some girly boys bought it.....
I wanted a raptor based on looks and fun factor. Really glad I didn’t buy one. Way too much money for a truck that is buggy and has inherent motor issues. Add to that Ford seems to have the worst dealer network amongst American cars.
Already broken before taking delivery... typical
Not everyone gets a great experience at stealership.1k mi. And 1 key I broken mirror . Real world review
Why a raptor? Pos
IMHO:  1. No biggie on the mirror switch being broken; sometimes something like that just happens during the build/delivery process. However, either the dealer in Nebraska or Colorado should have picked up on that during their prep for sale process and fixed it.   2. I presume part of the paperwork that the buyer signs in Colorado is an odometer disclosure statement. So, if you signed that statement and the mileage on it was correct, then you knowingly purchased the vehicle with 1000 or so miles on it. That said, the salesperson should have proactively informed you of the mileage being relatively high for a new vehicle.                          3. It's 2020 and everything is wacko. Especially with what you've had top put up with buying new cars this year (Defender, Model Y, Raptor, etc.).
11 mins summed up. Found overpriced Raptors, bought one local at sticker. After they paid, discovered it had 1100 miles on it and a broken switch. Compares it to the end of the world.
I got my xlt ranger in may zero down 0% apr i love it. Been making double payments every month since i got it. Now i find out dealers want rangers and f150’s back due to a shortage.. I’m sure i have equity in my truck now
That's what happens when you live in a liberal state with a bunch of leftist
In my area TaMpA Florida the prices range from $59000-$75000
Shoulda bought another Land rover. JK
"Im not saying that cars built during the height of covid are terrible in quality...except yes, yes i am saying that and i am happy i dont have one."
You should do a ‘How not to buy a vehicle!’ video.
Recaro seat package is a missing option on this truck. Fully equipped would include this.
Oooh... the good old "market" excuse.... it's speculation!
ford suck
I was forced to buy a new vehicle in September due to a dealer specific part being on a two month back order because of covid related issues. Unfortunately, my vehicle wouldn’t run and I was unfortunately at the dealership I originally bought it at. My options, rent a car for two months or buy a new car off the lot. New car was the only logical choice but again, because of covid, selection was extremely limited. Ended up buying the only gladiator on the lot. A black Sport S with tow package. We got a good price and they gave me way over what my vehicle was worth. However, after taking possession of the Gladiator, we discovered it already had 500 miles on it. Then, we discovered 3 large scratches on the hood. It’s a jet black truck so the scratches are bright white. While we love the truck and have had zero issues, it was disappointing to get something new that wasn’t new. :/
A "New truck" that is ready for it's first oil change before you pick it up! You guys made it more difficult by buying a model that is no longer manufactured (until late next year) and was very popular when it was available. Dealers gonna deal! But it will make great content for '21!😀🔥👍
Pay a premium just for “feeling like” you have a Baja capable truck when 90% of Raptors are just daily drivers picking up groceries and hitting the Home Depot on the weekend.
You guys have the worst of luck buying cars.
TRDPro master race here. Just performing my obligatory post to remind you all to buy no off-road vehicle that ISN’T a Toyota built in Japan.
Why would you sign the paperwork before looking the truck over and test driving it ? Even after you signed up, the contract is null until you drive off the lot.
Thats getting pretty common these days
Maybe it’s karma because y’all bottom out the press vehicles on a regular basis.  I suggest you show more respect for any vehicle that isn’t yours.  At this point, you should know which vehicles might bottom out on any given trail you visit frequently, such as on The Razor Rocks.  Videos are still great!
When I first purchased my ‘18 Raptor SCrew in March of 2018, I searched almost daily for 2 months. You couldn’t find one with less than a $10,000 markup AFTER negotiation anywhere in CA or in the SouthWest.  I ended up purchasing my Raptor out of a dealer in Plainfield, Indiana for a couple grand below MSRP and simply had it shipped. Registered it with zero issues👌🏼  In the internet age, the ENTIRE US is now your market.
I. Bought my 2019 super cab fully loaded raptor with 3500 miles for 62 k on the net and shipped to Australia.they retail out here for 200 k incl conversion
Just another example of two automotive dealers failing the customer. It’s only the second largest purchase people make next to their home.
All this is just the tip of the proverbial iceberg when it comes to why car dealerships have such bad reputations.
All of us can hate the dealerships for selling raptors for double the price, but if someone is buying it then are they really at fault? It’s the person willing to over spend.
Dealerships must die.
and then stealerships and car manufactures wonder why people hate going to the dealerships. There is no need for dealership anymore;  just certified repair centers.
It sucks how dealers can be nasty like that. I bought my 2019 Raptor because of you guys, but before buying it I searched months for it. Here in California(LA area) all the Ford dealers had them marked up. None would take the “adjusted market” price off. I finally found one 50+ miles away and got it at msrp. I’m about to hit a year with the truck and I love it! The truck is awesome and I know it doesn’t have a v8 but you don’t need it when off roading. Anyway, it sucks seeing that a dealer would sell you something not being checked thru 100%. I hope they make it right one way or another. Thanks TFL for your honest reviews!
Used truck
Not a ford fan whatsoever but...nice truck! But Roman wants to feel special? Go book urself a spa day ffs. The transport mileage is understandable. So u have a broken mirror control. So what
and people have the nerve to complain about the ram trx price
Just imagine what regular people goes trough when buying cars.
Used car dealers haven't been selling that well so they're definitely going to put the screw on you. There's definitely an uptick in price on any used vehicle a $300 totaled out junk vehicle is going for $1,500 it's going to get worse.
That's exactly why I always get my brand new trucks  pre dealer inspected and make sure I am the first to test drive it. Otherwise, I don't consider it brand new.
Raptor Guy: ya I got a raptor no big deal build - a - raptor guy: so do I plus I did it cheaper Raptor guy: 😐
dealers did the same thing with the last gen raptors when the eco boost ones were coming out
Well Now Roman can start the new chapter for the channel: Horror Stories from buying trucks! Land Rover, Ford, wonder which one will be next!
Who tf buys a car over MSRP that you can buy every year?
I wonder how much dealers are gonna mark up the TRX?
They are all garbage. I had a 2017 and 2019 f150 and both were lemons. Now I have a 2019 ram 1500 and a 2020 power wagon and I couldn’t be happier. Zero problems Quality isn’t even close.
Yeah I’m 45 minutes away from Gene Messer Ford in Lubbock and I will never do business with them EVER AGAIN! One of the worst dealerships in the Texas Panhandle. Glad y’all didn’t get the truck from there.
That’s a dealer old trick ‘“we are washing your truck” sign all the papers knowing all the imperfections. With those miles you was supposed to be a huge msrp discount and a second key before delivery.   Thank you Jesus for giving me a better and honest job , I worked at a dealership for 2yrs and I saw this everyday
Maybe you should have looked intentionally for a used one, maybe a year or two old.
Slime ball dealer deserves a call out. Mentioning their name will stop their bad behavior...
Y’all didn’t get a raptor, you got a “raptor”. A real raptor has a v8. Nice truck but the idiots at Ford should have never put a v6 in that truck.
I think your having some kind of seance of entitlement........ that’s what I think........
Why would you spend 77k on a truck without a test drive?! I wonder if TFL is in the bridge buying business also?
While at the dealer have them check out the rear suspension, in the TRX vs Raptor video on TFLoffroad that tire rub looked like the left rear axle was skewed forward. That's not right. So many miles and broken things, was this a dealer loaner or something?
These trucks are so overrated and over priced and everyone who buys them never off-road them (most people) buy a stock f150 and long travel it and it will look and off-road better 🤔
Sorry Roman, but how do you buy any vehicle without knowing how many miles it has on it.  New or used. Com'on maaaaan.  Seems you didn't do you due diligence before you signed the sales contract.   Fault is your own.
So glad you told the story. You really have to be hands on when buying threes days.
I’m from Alberta Canada and a few months ago I was offers $10000 off MSRP
You buy a relationship with a brand and a dealer.  My "expensive" "unreliable"  Volkswagen was a joy to own mostly do to a very cozy relationship I had with  a good dealer and an *excellent* service department. Fast forward to my Toyota and wow! I should have noticed a lot of red flags with that dealership before I signed for a new truck… Live and learn. Thanks TFL for showing the true purchasing and ownership experience.
For regular folks its always better to buy used. Sorry you had to go through all that.
I would be very upset if I were to experience this. I would probably return the truck to be honest but in this situation with a shortage of Raptors you had no choice. Glad you guys found a Raptor at a lower price.
best way to ensure you actually get a new truck is to order it right off the delivery truck, with unique features to that model year.  NEVER trust a dealer.
I Hate haggling with dealers
makes me feel a lot better about paying MSRP for my 2021 tacoma off-road.  Sounds like your experience is similar to when I was shopping for a TRD pro.  Dealerships are AWFUL and need to go away.
Nice video Roman. Just too bad that truck isn't that special anymore due to dealer cheats and electrical problem on common Ford's. May be next put it on ike gauntlet to tow 8 horses trailer to see if this raptor can stand for its power and price. 😅
Do these people buying the 2nd gen raptors at a markup not understand the next generation will have to have even more power to compete with the TRX?
Can you 5 star tune the raptor and vs it with the trx?
You bought a truck without seeing it first, you have no right to complain!
Went to look at a used Honda CR V, listed on auto trader for $14,700, at the dealership they tried to mark it up to $19,200. Included 2 BS fees of $1,999 COVID fee and $2,500 advertiser fee....come on really. That’s why I will just keep driving my 14 F-150, dealerships have become ridiculous to work with...makes the brand look bad.
This is ridiculous. Are you kidding me?!
Lol Ford is crap, always will
You can buy a used Ferrari for $100,000
East coast all day. I got my  2019 with every option available except Recaro seats for $70k brand new
Wow you guys are on a roll with the broken verticals wow
I would tell the dealers to go pound sand. These prices are outrageous.
My wife and I went to Sill Tehar to look at a used ford Escape, same place you bought this Raptor.   It ended up being a dealer rental car AND it was priced above what the car was worth!   They wouldn't budge on the price and kept telling me that they were "loosing" money on it !!  What a bunch of lying assholes!    So instead we ended up buying a used Subaru Forester for her instead at a different dealer that had less miles and was also priced a little below it was worth.   The Forester retained much more value than the Escape and is a better quality vehicle.    We are NEVER going to Sill Tehar again.
Picked up my 2020 lead grey raptor 4 weeks ago. 6k below MSRP (they only had 3 left in the Vancouver area) now 2k km on it have to go back to dealer  error restraints indicator lamp warning - now I have to check if it is a covid car???!! Great stuff great stuff
First the Defender, now the Raptor.  #TFLCurse needs to be lifted!
WOW!  The Dealership advertising 1 price and when you call about the vehicle they jack the price up by 10K.  That is B.S. Should have contacted the state about that garbage.  I can't stand crooks.
If the TRX has issues you’ll be three for three. Hope not
Y’all should make a show called “TFL: TRYING TO FIND A LEMON”  where all you do is try to find the MOST DIFFICULT TRUCK PURCHASE IN AMERICA! The winner gets bombarded with negative press, and everybody goes home happy.
I would have still bought it but used those issues as a negotiation to try and get it under sticker price
Wow what a pain, bought my 2018 Raptor out of town $8500 under msrp.. Got pre-approval from my credit union beforehand had my insurance agent insure the truck before arriving.  Dealership fees were reasonable $250 , didn't buy any of their additional add on,   gap insurance,  paint protection and so on. Thanks to tips on you tube videos on how to buy new vehicles without getting ripped off at dealerships really helped. I also didn't trade in my old truck sold it on Facebook market place for blue book value.
Should have rescinded that sale, 1000 miles!?!?? Insanity
That’s nuts. I just bought a new 2020 Raptor for $3k off sticker.
That's why I prefer to go by my self to the dealership, take a  look at every inch of the car and then make a deal with them...
Anyone who pays ove msrp for any vehicle is crazy. Essentially when a new raptor is coming and the TRX will soon be available
Did you buy it from democrats? Sounds like the election! Oh yeah, new truck 🤣🤣
So why didn't you check the truck before signing the paper work? You did all this to save 15 min while it was at the wash? Jesus.
TFL seems like they have a tiff with FORD ever since the Bronco fiasco.
Could be the lot tech or salesman broke the switch but wanted to hide it by not reporting it to his boss worked in many dealerships and seen that happen many times the other 500 miles was from the General manager or salesman who throw on his demo plate on it for a week or so
One reason I won’t buy a ford. They will sell a truck as new with over 2 thousand miles on it. If I am going to pay for a new truck, I expect a new truck. Not merely one that hasn’t been registered yet
This feels like scalping, not saying it is, but it feels like it.
That kind of $ for a v6 raptor is insane
LMAO, exactly what happened to me earlier this year.  dealer went to get the truck from another dealer and got 1100 miles on it, truck had scratches all over so I just walked away.  Sad thing about the upmark is that someone will buy it so they will do it.
Man, automotive quality is pretty amazing these days.  You made a whole video about a mirror and a key.  Try buying an RV.  On second thought, don't.  With most RV's, you'll be back in the dealership with a 2 page long punch list that will takes months, if ever, to finally fix.   And then, if you didn't buy it at that dealer, they put you at the bottom of the waiting list.  Whole different world.
Should know better, never trust a sales men. Should of checked the vehicle before even signing papers.
Lol I live in Hastings,NE they have 3 or 4 more here last I saw.
I always look at the mileage certificate when I buy a new truck. Mine had 22 miles on it but the guy wrote down 42. I asked him why and he gave some half assed reason. Probably doesn't matter but the more I think about it the more it bugs me. I think he just didn't know what the mileage was on it so he just wrote down a bogus figure on the "certification" slip. But over 1000 miles would have lost my buisness unless a chunk of change came off it.
Can you be any bigger of a baby! My word, have you ever heard of laws of supply and demand? That’s how a free market works. And if you want 0 miles on it and not a year old brand new truck how about you order one. Oh wait, you can’t because they aren’t in production. Sounds like beggars can’t be choosers. I have lost so much respect for this channel. Absolutely pathetic.
Imagine spending 111k on a 2016 f150 with a suspension kit.
Dealerships suck...if we were able to just buy from the manufacturer this whole process would be easier, and someone would hold accountability
That is sucks !!!I will return the vehicle and look for the new one.I witch you could tell as name of the dealer.
Next time do better research guys. 🤦🏽‍♂️
Huh a lemon
Get rid of the dealership model!
definitely a tough call purchasing vehicles site unseen. I flew all the way to Ohio to purchase my 2018 Raptor, because in California all dealers wanted 20k over sticker at the time. I refuse to ever pay over sticker ever. I had issues as well with my truck, didn't have the front grill lights that is a government mandate lol... it got fixed under warranty at home so not a big deal. Also got the truck for 4k under sticker, so I couldn't complain. Thinking about getting the TRX, but dang that gas mileage is just ridiculous......
WHY DIDN'T YOU RETURN IT?
Well thanks for the information I'm glad you guys actually goes to the dealership and buy the trucks yourself.. instead of letting the manufacturer  supply you with one.
So you guys bought the truck anyways at that price. Didn't do your homework enough before buying I see. Over 1k miles, etc. 🤦🏾‍♂️
Conspiracy theory: the fast lane truck goes finding every broken car they can find then sells the ones that aren’t broken.
If a truck is say a 2020, it’s usually 50% of the time built in the year before, 2019. Since they come out with the next model year before its even that year, in 2019, all the 2020’s were coming out, its 2020 now and 2021’s are already being sold, that s normal.
Dealer markup should be illegal. Can’t believe the manufacturers allow it.
And I thought the new gmc hummer was expensive. I hope these truck sit at the dealership until the next version comes out so they can eat the over head.
Adding 40'000+ to a truck is ridiculous. You can engine swap with the ecoboost for 10,000
MUCH better, Mr. Mika. Your stock is rising.  Tho I have to say with all the interactions you have with dealers, it's surprising to hear you say you are surprised by your experience with this transaction.  ANYTIME you call into a dealer they will ALWAYS say they have the ride you're looking for on their lot, regardless of the actual truth.  It's why all dealers are scum, regardless of the actual truth.  Bottom line tho is I think you're finally seeing the reality of US auto manufacturers.  They are bankrupt and trying to get as much political money as possible by pricing their crap miles above its actual value.  And frankly, you'd be amazed how many tax-payer dollars are actually funding the purchase of these rides through pandering gov't programs.  It is a non-sustaining circle of cash flow intended to postpone the inevitable collapse of the US auto market.  Just wait for it...
you got screwed man..........
It is a Beautiful color
It’s why buying a new car is a nightmare. They lie and try to f#$&k you at each step of the purchase.
How do you buy any vehicle without sitting in it first. NO EXCUSES.
What I don't understand is why Roman took it anyway? I was a little perturbed that the truck I bought earlier this year had 55 miles on it, but I sucked it up. $77k for a used one year old truck? There's something I'm missing.
Hey Roman As One of your first viewers ever Call And Speak to the owner of the dealership monetary refund should be coming to you as That Truck should Have Been Listed  as a Demo With some mileage on it Don’t Let Them Get Away With it Some Money Better in your pocket than theirs Also Check With Local BBB  And Dept. of Consumer affairs about this All The Best Evan From New City,N Y In Rockland County
If people did their homework before buying a used Ford they would soon know what is meant by Henry's Revenge
Man I hate dealerships 😑
77 thousand dollar Ford. OOOOOOF.
I bought my 2018 nissan titan pro 4x because of your channel. I love your non biased reviews and always look forward to all your videos. Everyone puts the titan down and compares it to the GMC, Fords, and Chevrolet which seem to all have problems here or there. So far the Titan has been flawless and couldn't be happier with my purchase.  Not to mention fully loaded minus the titan boxes and side steps. MSRP was $56k and I stole it for $40,500 brand new from Larry H. Miller on Arapahoe Rd.
Dealers in the Denver area are terrible selling new cars, they always mark them up and then put a “market adjustment” price on them. Sorry guys it’s not California.....yet.
You bought a Ford and were disappointed? We’re completely stunned!
Roman the only reason why those raptors costed $100k because they were special edition rocky ridge/roush/Shelby raptors, those weren’t stock raptors you were showing....those aren’t marked up, they just aren’t factory raptors...
Roman, The broken mirror switch is not a big deal in my opinion. It will be fixed under warranty for no charge. What I find interesting is that the $77,000 Raptor doesn't have spotter type mirrors...my XLT has those and was a mere $34,000. That is ridiculous!
While yes, Roman was at fault for signing with out doing a walk through, dealerships are all about trying to screw everyone over. I wish buying a new car was done through the actual manufacturer and let the lot lizards deal only in used merch.
Yup, Scumbag Dealers deserve ALL the bad press they can get and then some more. F those bastards. 🖕☹️
Don't buy a car/truck without seeing it nor driving it!
Literally no one has paid a mark up on a raptor since 2017, the market is flooded with them...
You guys are going to the wrong dealerships. You won't find a more honest salesperson over here in NY than #MustangMike
You guys don’t know how to order out of state and either travel to pick it up or have it delivered? Cmon guys, its 2020, its SUPER easy to buy a car from out of state, the dealer does all of it for you...I shopped all around the country for mine, theres thousands and thousands of new raptors for sale across the country...cmon now. How don’t you guys know this.
Next time don't buy online problem solved.... you really think sales people tell you everything 😒 plus Roman you just said all Raptors went up in prize and you found this at msrp..... nice Raptor 👌
Deja Vu
You pay for what you get. I would never pay anything anything over 25k for a "new car" unseen. You rolled the dice and took an L. Maybe not a huge one from what I saw but at that price point I would be disappointed and angry with that dealer for the extra key not included, mileage it had, and the mirror position switch busted.
When negotiating a new car purchase remotely, always have them confirm the odometer reading. Dealers think they can drive new cars around and then still sell them at full price. Not on my dime!
Here’s an idea...do your homework before you sign and purchase the truck.
Wow. Can't make this up!
I just purchased an 2016 F350 King Ranch dually after my 2019 F350 King Ranch dually caught fire. Purchased from 500 miles away.  I asked for records,  did a vin check, asked for plenty pictures of interior, exterior, under carriage, engine compartment etc before purchasing site unseen.  Truck has been good so far. No problems or issues after 10k miles...
Built ford tough 😂 I would take the Ram TRX over that all day.
Is it any wonder that Tesla owners love their buying experience so much? The only people I know who claimed the "knew someone who had a horrible experience buying from them" ended up being   salesmen or consultants working with dealerships.  And I'm in Texas where it is a PITA to get one!
I absolutely would get at least 5 grand off for that milage being on there. And don't worry to much about that broken mirror switch. Being a Ford you'll have plenty more things break over the next year!
Toyota
I hope you keep your Tundra!!!
I feel like a Custom 5.0L #Supercharged Coyote Raptor would have been a better buy to go up against a TRX & be more views as well since no one reviews those. Y'all did do the video on the company that did it & test drove one buy that was about the extent.
What the..........😡
As a long time Car News Reports,  I’m surprised TFL didn’t know that dealerships will sell cars New if the dealership uses the  car as a test and or show car at the dealership.  Not only that if title hasn’t been transferred , it could have 5k miles,  it be sold as new. Everyone check the mileage before you buy a new car.  Hummm, are you sure TFL didn’t know it had 1k miles? 🤣Regardless content is excellent and brings awareness! Thank you!
A problem for most people that buy a new truck that is a year old, is that the resale plummeted that much more. So that an initial loss of over $5000, beyond the next year model. Possibly even more.
Roman - I emailed you, I have a truck built on the exact same day I just bought 3 weeks ago. It's a lemon and a half! Watch out for a couple TSB's and other issues. I wouldn't be surprised if your rear-end is misaligned as well. I laughed out loud as soon as I saw your build date - mine has been a total pile, and not at all what you'd expect for a brand new expensive truck
Any vehicle built after September in any year is considered the next production year.
The model year isn't a linear calendar year Jan to Dec. It is typically August to July. So anything 8/19 and up is a 2020. They do the model switch over in the middle of the year and release new models typically in the fall.
For A. V6  ????
I guarantee you that truck is plagued with problems that haven't surfaced yet.
I wish we had the option to just order vehicles directly from the manufacturer without dealing with the dealership BS.  Shipped right to home brand new.  No salesman, no games....
Jesus. Must be an out west thing. I just bought my 2020 Raptor. Sticker was 73k, dealer had it listed for 68k. They had two others that were 5k off as well.
Why would you buy a vehicle before physically looking at it and driving it.
A least I’m no the only one that make that mistake of buying something that I haven’t seen!!!
Guys one can ask whatever they want, it’s up to you if you buy it. I have a whole collection of stores that I will never step into again because of what I perceived of price raping during the COVID lockdown.
1000 miles and how many hours?? Also a RPM data. I can beat the snot of a vehicle in 1000 miles!
You bought a truck and didnt test drive it?  That as you realize now is a bad idea.  Apologies for stating the obvious. That said, you have a great channel and I enjoy it.
Cant see spending 100k on an "off road" truck that isnt good off road
I bought my 2019 tundra with 4 miles on it .... no test drive for me.., I did that on other dealer trucks got a good deal and took it new new new with no problems to date
Wow I got mine in August for $68k--MSRP was $76k. I got new old stock (a 2019 still on the lot) for the private party used price. I'm feeling pretty lucky
I tried to work selling cars for a Honda dealership one time. I’d rather go to auschwitz than work another day at one.
Texas dealers are the worst. I almost bought a Rebel from San Marcos Ram, advertised great prices. When given the paperwork, magically $10,000+ of non-negotiable add ons appeared like $4k for nitrogen in the tires. That’s a $3,999 mark up, scumbags. I bought one from Tempe Ram in Arizona a week later. Great buying experience at Tempe, great price too.
Noooo!!!!! I loved the Super Tremor!
And thats why I don't go to the stealership. My truck has been at the dealership for a month for the leadframe that was a warranty issue that ford declined. I'm tired of them not taking care of the issues. I mean make the parts last this is my third lead frame. Sorry you guys had to deal with that. I just got offered a dealer demo toyota tundra for 50k that has 2k miles on it but yet they sell it brand new lmao its got 2k miles its used not new 😂
I'm car salesman. The over-sticker is a typical shady, greedy salesmen move who is pay plan is on commission and not per unit. The laws in my province are that if it's advertised for a price the dealer has to honor that price. Maybe that truck could've been bought for $65,xxx if it was taken up to the GM, but no one wants to do that of course.
Man I am sorry, OK has some for 63k brand new
There's no way in hell I will pay that for any american-made built vehicle or built across the border
Love you guys but don’t buy me a vehicle please
Why would you even buy a raptor now? Isn’t the truck a bit irrelevant at this point
I can't believe people spend that kind of money on new junk!
If they are going to sell $80k vehicles, these dealers have got to work on their customer service. The buying and service experience you receive at a "luxury" dealership buying a $35k base model Lexus or Lincoln should not be superior to someone spending $80k on an F150 or a Tahoe. Also, to your point, I don't think I'd buy any 2020 model because of COVID.
I am 65 years old and have never met an honest car sales man, have you? I bet you I will never see one before I am buried. Maybe in hell, maybe next life.
It's almost as if the dealer received "instructions" from Ford corporate.. Wonder why they'd do that 🧐🤨 #FREETFL
A FoMoCo product broken out of the gate... Here's my shocked face😮
Raptor is over rated .
I've heard that the new raptor had some problems, but I'm sure there minor. Regardless congrats guys!
I’m not sure these are selling well in Alberta (Canada)...every time I go to a dealer website to see if the 2021 F150s are on the lots yet, I see a ton of Raptors (new 2019 and 2020 models). Pricing around the $90-100k Cdn range ($70k-80k USD)...for that money, I think most here would rather get a useful truck for less, or a bigger truck (250/350) for the same price.
Scummy dealerships will be scummy especially the Texas one
A lot of the issues could have been avoided by actually looking at the truck before buying it...
I’m sorry you had that experience, but silver linings you shed light on it here.  And I can only hope that your video can change the “stealership” system
Just be happy you got it for sticker. If they told you they would sell it for sticker but it has 1k a broken mirror button and one key.. you’d be pumped.  Supply and demand. You got a “deal”
When I bought my 2019 there were only two dealers in the West that I could find who weren't charging over MSRP. They called it a "market adjustment". I tried to buy local. I even said to the local guy 'you're going to make me go out of state to pick one of these up" and his reply was "yep."  Also I just bought a 2020 Alfa Romeo Giulia Quadrofglio out of state and made them disclose mileage before they shipped. It was under 100.
I can’t wait till the car dealership business model withers and dies on the vine and I can just order my vehicle online or on Amazon and its delivered right to my door. Cut out out the shady/slimy middleman once and for all.. they’re ALL rubbish!!
Shoulda bought the truck in Lubbock. Lol. Either way I'm glad you got your Raptor.
1st world problems.....   have a beer and relax. :)
Overpriced, POS American vehicle. I learned looong ago to look over the vehicle before signing anything. Surprised you dropped that all important pre-purchase step with all the cars you buy.
And that's why the Tesla way will end the dealership way
You should of bought one from an NY dealer no one wants one of those over there
I like to tell salesman. Before I drive it do some numbers so I don’t waste your time or mine. Brand new salesman his first week. He was fine with that. Sales manager comes over and says what’s your monthly payment range. I said get me a number then we’ll talk (they like to average high if you give them a number). We finally settled on a number which I’m comfortable with and he’s yelling at the salesman cause i didn’t drive the truck yet when I told him I don’t drive unless the numbers work because time is money. So he goes ok I can get you into the vehicle for this price a month. I ask how can you determine that number without running my credit. Low and behold that number he put down is higher when you go to sign. I said no thanks keep the vehicle. Back and forth with them I get the number I want.  It gets better for me as a customer. The finance manager says we like it for you to keep the bank we financed you thru for a minimum of 3 months so we can get paid out. I said no problem. They let your first payment be 45 days from purchase. 30 days I got the title to the vehicle and refinance at a local credit union for 3% lower Interest and never made one payment to there bank.
Garbage truck!! I've seen two of those catch fire in the desert!! The fuel lines are not protected and its garbage for real 4x4. The normal ecoboost 4x4 with a regular lift is much better and cheaper!!!!
This is going to need a 5 star tune video to show the benefits then it makes that 0-60 run against the TRX that much more interesting.
Nice!!
Dirty deeds done dirt cheap.... :-)
Ram TRX  is    WIN ~~~!!!
FORD IS THE WORST. I HAD A 2020 F150 LARIAT RENTAL AND IT WAS HORRIBLE. THE 10 SPEED TRANSMISSION IS SO CONFUSED AND SLUGGISH... AND THE INTERIOR IS STILL MADE OUT MCDONALDS HAPPY MEAL TOY PLASTIC. I HATE FORD. ID RATHER DRIVE JUST ABOUT ANYTHING.
That catch phrase from TFL Bids reminds me of the radio station KIIS FM here in Caifornia during the disco era. They used a similar phrase of "All disco, all the time".
Ford built tough not necessary built right.
Roman has problem buying Ford has terrible experience.  Shocking I bet if it was a Fiat Trx there would have been no problems.
Your honesty and upfront real world reviews are absolutely priceless! Thank you Roman and team!
100K+ for ANYTHING ford makes is laughable.
I hope 5 Star sprinkles some magic on it!
nobody forces anybody to buy anything! You dont like it or think its too much then dont pay for it. A Raptor is not a life or death necessity you need to buy. Somebody wants to pay 25k over msrp then that is up to them and dealer. This is still America!
Come and buy it in Mexico and import it to the United States it will be cheaper, price in Mexico 75k dlls
why didnt you inspected it before signing anything when you went to the dealer to pick it up?
I had spent years in the car biz and finance. The customer service has declined over the years. And even more now the supply is low.  My parents traded a 38ft 5th wheel for a 30ft class A. Drove to Texas to get the BEST deal "or the only ones that wanted to make a deal". There wasn't anything wrong with the 5th wheel it was about 2years old and fully loaded.  They got to pick it up and no one could find the manuals, they messed up on the title. Missing remotes and not been PDI. It was brand new. I would never let a vehicle leave that I haven't checked out Good luck on your Raptor. If you need help finding a Vehicle let me know i have a good friend that owns a very large Ford, Dodge, Ram, Jeep,  and specializes in the Truck market in Southern Missouri
I've bought my share of new vehicles and all the experiences were bad except one.  My first New vehicle in 1978.  I ordered the car and specified every option with radio delete.   The guy I dealt with was a brother of a guy I worked with and sold cars to a number of people I knew.  Every other experience was bad and  the worst one was me trying to leave a dealership with two crying kids,  and  threatening the salesmen with a severe beating if he didn't get out of my way.
Note to self: Don’t by a new Ford Raptor in the end of the year
My 2020 Raptor was built in 11/2019, and I paid $7k less than sticker, with all the bells and whistles. Now, with the truck having only 8k miles on it, it's probably worth more than what I paid for it, considering the demand for these trucks. I drive my 2020 F-250 and my 2013 Raptor more often than this one, hence the low miles. I simply refuse to pay dealer markup. One dealership about 30 miles from my house has a 2020 fully loaded in White, and wanting $115k for it, which is nuts.
I would never purchase a new vehicle before looking at it in person and test driving it.  That's just me, though.
Why are you protecting this dealership? Get their name out there so locals can avoid them.
TFL - Tenaciously Finding Lemons (jk) Sorry to hear about all your vehicles :(
the manager was driving that thing home for awhile.....I love new cars but can't stand buying them
Ford Dealerships in general are just the worst. They are your typical old-school car salesmen experience, right down to the part where they staff their lots with the high school losers that never left town. The only thing I hated from owning my F-150 was dealing with Ford dealerships.
In my opinion, most domestic car manufacturers have become inconsistent and sloppy with the build quality of their vehicles. Ford is bad, GM is worse, and FCA is !@#$%. And car dealerships seem to be messing around with their pricing/service levels to try to recoup the money they've lost due to the pandemic. Now just doesn't seem to be a good point in time to be buying new vehicles.
Better ask the dealer about the warranty. May already down a year!
Nice truck. I really like the color of it.
I know doing an oil change on one can be a painful experience.  I work at a tire and lube shop.
Love the TFL red Raptor
Don’t you have to sign an odometer legal document? In Virginia you have to. And why didn’t you wait to inspect it before signing all paperwork. Even if it was getting detailed I would have waited before signing the documents.
Hey #FastLaneTruck I have a 1996 Honda civic brand new (200,000 miles) (cv joint cracking)  for 5000 dlls since you guys are buying broke vehicles at expensive prices! (Lol) 🤣
Never EXPECT - INSPECT!
they buildt your car in 11/19 and first time sold 1 year later? that truck has problems, especially a truck that does not sit on showroom floors
Can’t believe you didn’t even look at the truck at all before buying it.
They don't call it Lubbuttock for nothing.
Is that the druck where the tires had contact with the  the housing when you went ofroad with it? Would be another failure.
All the dealerships in the Denver areas are crap.
Does it have the smile face dash with the dash bending
🤣😂
On the bright side, at least the Check Engine light didn't come on after a day or two.
Idk how you guys purchase so many vehicles and work with dealers all the time but can be so bad at it. Buyer beware up to you to do your due diligence.
I absolutely love your honesty
Yikes, what a joke?! What happened to honesty and integrity?!
Lesson learned!
Bad year for vehicles. You guys are striking out this year.
The TRAIL BOSS just keeps lookin better and better.
That is what most of us call a USED truck.  Which is fine as long as you get a used price discount.  Went through similar stuff with Chevy.  They argue it is not used with over a thousand miles on the OD.  But when you try and trade in something with fair market they act like it is on its last miles.  In short, hypocrites.
There are 85 new raptors left in Alberta, Canada alone. You should try and import a Canadian truck one time for the customers that are considering it.  The exchange discount alone is 30% or so.
Why would you buy new then? I found a 2019 fully loaded raptor with 300 miles for 65k. Makes more sense then your "new" one with 1000 miles for 75k
Shit happened!
🤔🤔🤔👍
Nice truck, but a lot of money for an ex demo vehicle.
Should of waited for the new raptor
Aside of the bad experiance it a beautiful truck !!!
Ford dealers are horrific.    if only Lexus made a Raptor / TRX  competitor lol.   Lexus dealer network is why I buy only Lexus
Most overpriced truck on the market!
I think that’s every Ford truck these days. I bought a f150 last Monday and it broke down when I got it back to Alabama (from South Carolina)  and buying it was also a problem in and of itself. I’m not sure why it seems like COVID has screwed over the truck market.
Whenever I buy a new vehicle. I spend an hour or two inspecting it. A must do! You will find things wrong. I have found dents, holes in leather. Major paint flaws. Stuff missing. I tell the dealer that I won’t sign the final paperwork until I have had at least a few hours with it.
Car dealers and companies are going to face the music in the coming years.
Definitely would not have bought that truck with the miles on it.   I would be contacting that Texas dealer again.
why didn`t you buy a TRX?
Dealerships are such a joke
End of 2017 I bought a Power Wagon after thr Ford dealer through a 10k adm at me. Glad I did, better suited for my needs anyways.
Maybe you should have bought the Ramroid TRX and you could have driven it directly to the scrap yard.
That’s sucks that’s why Ford are junk cars. Aight paying that shit. I love the old raptor.I’ll keep my 17 Trd pro
Ford trucks are such crap
When you said “broken” I immediately thought it was LR Defender broken. Lol. Yeah, the dealer shoulda been more transparent but a switch is very minor.
DO A FULL E85 TUNE AND RACE THE TRX!!!!
Now you know why you payed MSRP. Come on bruh.
You cry but you are the one that was so desperate you bought it sight unseen! The fault is yours.
This is why everyone should just buy $10,000 beaters. Put another $10,000 into it for $20,000 total and save yourself a headache.
Hey TFL! Ah, the joys of supply and demand in our capitalist society! Enjoy your truck while you still can.
You'd think that with buying so many cars in the past, you would have at least a little knowledge of the process. You made this issue yourself.
Buy a Tesla. 😀.
That extra 500 miles probably came from another dealership swap. Dealers will search far and wide for Raptors. I wouldn’t be surprised if the vehicle was swapped twice. At my dealership we had people calling from California (I’m in New York) about ours
Sounds like you guys just didn’t do your DD. Not so much the transaction process
im sure you have the legal right to return it within a week
This is why stealerships will be sitting on these overpriced “toys” for a long time. I’d rather retire earlier than pay those ridiculously high prices 💰 From what I understand, Ford will always leave a bad taste in your mouth
Dealerships are nothing more than a pack of scumbags looking to take advantage of any and all people who walk through the door needing a product.  Professional thievery.  Dave Smith Motors is slightly better in this regard to customers, but not not much.
When people buy Ford they deserve this.
I would think a “covid car” is better built. Plants slowed down output, giving workers even more time to build less cars.
Isn't there laws against that in the USA? Can't do that here in Canada....we get ripped off for everything else but you can't have any added cost except tax on vehicles
what can you tell us about the cars that were produced in 2020😄😄😄😄😄😄
At least they serviced it......  I’m a ford guy and ford told me to stick it.
"COVID" truck?  Stupid statement of the year.
The car buying experience is always made more stressful than it needs to be, and Roman they always try to over charge 🤦
That’s a dealer problem. Just  bought a new Raptor about a month ago, it was traded for by the dealer from another dealer, it had 110 miles on it. They disclosed it, and asked me if it was ok.
Man, you guys sure are having a rotten time buying new vehicles lately, with the Land Rover and now this Raptor.
It looks to have a leveling kit up front too
Ford dealership(s) really dropped the ball on this, but so did you. Mileage should have been somewhere on one of the papers you signed. You should have at the very least looked over the truck before signing and really should have taken a test drive. Come on it’s 2020, where nothing is what it should be. P.S Squirrel! (9:54)
Wait .... you did all the paperwork and bought the vehicle and didn’t walk outside and look at it first or take it for a test drive. Wow !!!!
U should have to come to Canada and bought one. Prices are much lower here.
Lol Ford. I couldn't get a dealer local to me to perform a recall repair on my 6.0 Thank God I leveraged Ford to buy it back. Terrible manufacturer with terrible dealerships. I'll bet the new Bronco will be marked up 20K. Cars are already one of the worst things to buy due to depreciation
I would never buy a car without test drive it and check everything first, especially a 77K truck.
Well, the $55,000 Raptor is like a $74,000 TRX, not likely common.  Factor in those cheap Raptors are Supercabs, which are very rare to begin with.  Most Raptors as normally configured are $72,000.  Like most TRXs are going to be $90,000.
Here's your 1st bid for next year: $300 (depreciaition, ya know) 🤪
Why are you guys not reviewing the new Nissan Titan as a long term test truck?
Roman, it pains me to say it but this is Your Fault!  Your business is reviewing new vehicles. Trucks, cars etc. You have been burned on Recent new vehicle purchases with them breaking down shortly after buying them, Like the Land Rover and the Corvette and the Tesla etc. Yet you still go to a dealership and buy a "New" Ford Raptor without actually looking at it, test driving it etc. first?  I have purchased 10 new vehicles in my life (plus some used) and I have Never bought one sight unseen or without test driving first.
Raptors are lame, not my thing and I’m a diehard Ford guy
You're buying from a local dealer so you should have done your due diligence and walked it first when spending that kind of money and not taken their word for it,so it's on you as well. Lesson learned
We have a new Honda and I’m always surprised when I take it in for maintenance. The dealership is way different than fords. We also have a toyota and it’s the samething, amazing service. Come on Ford fix these dealerships. Dodge dealership was the worst experience ever, will never buy another one.
Why didn't you look at the truck first? At least double Check the odometer.
That text should have read:  "Roman - After speaking to you, the kid who sweeps our showroom floor told me that you have a YouTube channel with almost a million subscribers, and if I didn't want to be drawn and quartered for having my uncle's dealership trashed all over the internet, it might be a good Idea for me to take a pass on gouging you like I would if you were Joe Blow off the street."  As for the thousand miles on the one you actually bought, I'd say that dealer owes you a lot more than a mirror. And you owe it to your audience to let them know who these dealers are.
Weed money foo !
I feel so bad for the TFL guys. The dishonesty and runaround is ridiculous😡
Ford's are nice. But the dealer experience is going to crap. We just bought a new 2020 Expedition Platinum. They didn't have the second key and the included floor mats. They said they have those to us in a week. About a week later the fuel cap broke. We did how ever get ours with 180 miles on it. So fairly new. Long story short. Went back for first oil change at 3500. They couldn't fix the fuel cover sent, me to another dealer. When they installed the floor mats they didn't vacuum before putting them in.. Yes we got the key and the mats. But the service was pathetic.. Ford really needs to up its game as far as customer service goes. Youd expect great service when you drop 80000... Right?
Never take a dealers word, it’s on you to actually look and drive the truck before you buy it.  This is on Roman 100%
Dealer lots are thin right now. I am trading in my Ram for a Rubicon and there is not much to pick through. I basically was told to get everything i wanted on the vehicle to deal with whatever color it is. I really wanted sting gray but ended with sarge green because wife insisted on cold weather package
Ripped off again?
We are living in a world where many people are "crooked as a barrel of snakes." Shame on Ford!
I wonder how many comments there will be about the squirrel...lol
Shoulda got a trx
Sadly, I’m a well prepared A-Hole when it comes to purchasing cars. Let’s just say I get the car I want at the price I want and I let the sales guy know what steps he is going to ignore and get the process streamlined with ME, TODAY!  I’ve done my research (with their internet sales team under a different name), here is the money I’m paying and now you can go right to the man in charge to get a “Deal, or No Deal” approval.  If you get a lick of static you then call the nearest competitor on your list (whom you actually already spoke with earlier in the week) right there in the current dealers showroom at the salespersons desk. Slightly raising your voice so other clients can hear you speaking. While you’re explaining yourself and asking (the dealer on the phone) can they get you your vehicle with better client treatment...usually the current sales guy and sales manager will either quickly negotiate on your terms or the other dealership takes advantage of the situation and commits to your phone call because you are literally about to pay another dealership RIGHT THEN AND THERE.  I’ve done it three times. Works like a charm and the best part it I’ve gotten extras from the dealer who bowed to the pressure. My Honda Accord, my sisters Honda Pilot and sisters Nissan Altima.  Oh, and I got the state attorney on the back of a dealer here in San Bernardino who took advantage of an 83 year old lady friend/neighbor of mine who was able to turn her new car back to the dealer and get her trade in back. The deal got unraveled thanks to me. She kept her old car and vowed to never buy a new car again.
Roman, what did we learn from this experience?  Never and I mean NEVER sign the papers till you've personally checked the vehicle over !
You shouldn’t leave this truck stock. You should get it tuned and feature some modifications.  I think you’ll find that if you tune it, the TRX drag race will be nearly a draw.
Before watching this and the Defender mayhem I thought these sort of things only happen to me...Like the truck though; Cheers !
And this is why I despise car stealerships
When signing paperwork for sale of a vehicle the mileage is supposed to be written on it before you sign . Either you just skipped past it or they didn't list 🤔
I had the worst experiance buying a ford Mustang. It was just aweful. I love the car but man, its like they didnt want my money. Every other car i've had has been fantastic (toyota and nissan)
It is a beautiful truck. The prettiest on the road, anywhere. But, wow...
Wow., what a journey, but you'll have the memories.   We bought a 2004 Nissan Titan first year they came out for below MSRP, It had been used for something, and had 560 miles on it.  Not so bad when your get it 3K under MSRP, but yea I'd be upset with !,300 miles on it and didn't know about it.  Although maybe that why is was MSRP.  My 2007 4 door Jeep Rubicon I ended up buying new on ebay 1200 miles away.  Everyone in the PHX area was 4-5K over MSRP. Since I work an airline, wasn't a big deal to fly non-rev to Hot Spring, AK to pick it up.
Is this his first time purchasing a car/truck???????? Feels like pettiness coming out tbh. Whines about ford quality but will swear by jeep and dodge lol come on tfl.
SQUIRREL @ 9;52
Spoiler alert... dealerships and the people that work for them are the scum of the earth, there is a special place in hell for them
Why wouldn't you just walk away?
Why does it always seem like ford dealerships are the slime of all slime.
Ford dealers are the worst... they know their customers are among the most brand loyal so they don’t do much regarding the buying/servicing experience.
Wow Defender 1st, Now the Raptor , it Comes in 3’s !... 🤦🏼
I have a feeling this was a “demo” truck in Hastings.
You guys must stop buying cars and trucks in 2020, it s not your lucky year
Demand free accessories from the dealer.
I’m sure the raptor is fun but with a v6 it will always sound like a bumble bee.
Let me get this straight? So ram build a much better strongest  fastest off-road vehicle in the world x2 ,and a raptor is worth more??😂😂, And it’s broken and used , LOL this is why I avoid Fraud “ford” that dealership are liars and that is a test drive vehicle straight up
The dealer in CO should have had the truck put on a flat bed and delivered from NE with no miles.  I recently bought a new Mercedes E-450 and that’s what they did.  But years ago I bought a GMC Z71 and they drove it in with hundreds of miles on it.  Didn’t notice it until I got home......too late.  Last truck I bought from that dealership, where I had previously purchased over 10 autos.......cars and trucks.
Did you glance at the odometer statement when doing the paperwork by chance?
I bought a brand new f 150 xlt fully loaded 3.5 ecoboost after a few thousand miles the fasers and lifters went............
It was definitely a demo.  The GM was probably driving it everyday.
Have you thought about contacting Ford corporate? Seems like there is a dealership issue. No QC , no customer care.
Proves to me the dealer experience is not any better in 2020 than it was in 1990, that is sad... I had a similar experience buying a 2020 F-250 Super Duty, great truck that I had to experience a bunch of crappy dealers to find.
Buying any vehicle in Colorado is not recommended as the dealers are all over priced. Sounds like you bought from a shyster. Report them to the manufacturer and list their name so others are not ripped off. Thumbs down because you did not list the name of the dealer and sales person.
Uhhh isn't it illegal to price gouge?
Typical Ford customer service + fit & finish. I love the performance of my 18 5.0, but it's had issues since new @ 5 miles and the dealers service has been an absolute nightmare.
In Las Vegas Nevada the GT500 is $48,000 over MSRP. This stuff is out of control
Fords are just as junk as the rest of the competitors 🤷‍♂️
and thats why you dont buy fords
You have bad luck. Your defender was a huge piece of junk too lmao
Dealerships are total rip off artists, I was going to get a f-250 and we wound up $40 away from the payment I wanted and they wouldn’t budge
Take that shit back man
I hate buying vehicles. But it does make it easier to negotiate a raptor for msrp or better, because that would be a good deal. I’ll trade my 17 for the new generation and attempt to negotiate at msrp or better for that one.
I’m cool with the extra miles as long as it was disclosed. In fact, I’ve got some great deals on demos from a dealership I trust, that I know the owner of the dealership drove personally and they have no warranty issues.   HOWEVER, dealers are shady as hell and they act like the internet does not exist, both for pricing and reviews of the dealership itself. It seems that Google reviews are making them better, but still suspect at all times.   Thanks for making everyone aware of your situation and what to look out for during a car buying experience.  Personally, I wouldn’t consider a car purchase, new or used, until the dealers have cars on the lot again and supply has met demand.
Your CPA must be a cool guy,  you guys always have a new tax write off!!
Do you guys buy or lease your long term rigs? And how do you afford these awesome trucks without a day job?!
Now someone knows their cars... love that Tatraplan picture on the wall! Do you import these vehicles from Czech Republic?
Oh I know the feeling. 😢 I ordered last year 2020 Ford F-450 Limited on November and when I took delivery in February there was all kinds of issues from front bumper not aligned with the fenders, Paint damage, roof marker lites not put in place, missing gooseneck ball kit, missing trailer tpms kit, head lights adjustments where off making it look like I have constant high beams at night. For a truck $106,000.00 cash out the door was a pain with issues. All resolved but that took time. I ordered the 2021 Ford F-150 Limited and worried about that and what’s to come when taking delivery of that.
Yup. They gotta fix it. They should've done that with a full inspection before they had u sign and give u the keys. And they should've done a full disclosure with it. What's wrong where it came from why all the miles and where the other dam key is. Come on people. Hahahaha. Nice truck though. But andrea should put the dodge ram trx up against the F-150 that was tuned at 5 star tuning. The 3.5L that put out 693 hpw
Went to 5 different Ford dealers to purchase one of these and got turned down because I was educated on the actual value of these trucks!  Greedy Bastards!
My 2020 Ram 2500 was also built in 11/19 . Wasn’t worried about it . And 1000 miles ain’t noting . That’s new
Alrighty then
I'll never as in hell no would I ever pay more than msrp for a vehicle. Unfortunately their are enough clowns out there that dealers can get away with this BS
Name the dealer.  Why would you protect them from the consequences of their actions?  Second question: why would someone pay a huge premium to buy the OLD model truck? The new one will hold value longer.  What did I miss?
Man you guys have no luck! i bet if you guys got a camry it would end up being a lemon! 💀
People talking s&@: about dealerships but they only do what consumers allow them to get away with. No one forces a person with $$, or good credit, to pull on the lot in the first place.
1000 miles saved u 30k relax Roman. U stole it
That’s why I’m buying a Cyber Truck. No dealer mark ups and over inflated prices. Everyone pays the same price and it gets delivered to your front door on a Semi.
Come to Bartow Ford in Bartow Florida. Ask for Chris in sales. He will get you a deal.
So, buying cars still isn’t fun.
And the dealer I go to in Mitchell SD has a Raptor discounted $4000 on their website.  I drive 300 miles every three years to this dealership because they take care of me. They aren’t perfect but way better than the local dealerships I have in ND. My local ones are way higher on leases and take way longer to give answers and harder to get a legit price.
With 30,000 front end gross, the salesmen who sell those raptors are going to bring home roughly 5-7,500 off of this one vehicle
I bet they couldn't wait for you to sign on the dotted lines. Sales guy was probably thinking ,what a sucker!!🤫
The definition of " FOUL " Dude !!!!
It’s sad that the Ford dealership assumed you’d just “not mind” the 1,300 miles on the odometer. Well, more “insulting” than “sad”. Personally, I woulda been PISSED!
"You see, they put that tru coat on at the factory "
If only they had stated the truck's mileage on the paperwork you signed - oh wait, they are required to by law..  You have two legitimate gripes, the broken mirror switch and the keyfob.  I guess just that wouldn't have made a 10 minute video.
This is why Tesla will do well with Cybertruck because the dealer experience is horrible!
You bought something sight unseen without asking any questions, from your "favorite" dealership even, got screwed AND then made a video about it?  Name drop that dealer, nobody should be treated like that, that is the point of this video, right?  Lessons to be learned at least, thin bit of content regardless.  The title is misleading, YOU made this difficult.
They would get that mofo back or $15k refunded back  ta me.
So when Andre found the listing for the truck, it didn't mention mileage or Andre didn't ask?
That’s good you made this video so the car manufacturers see this and hopefully one day do something with this information. Like a contract with the dealerships like how they did with people who bought the new Ford Gt.
Nice colour
Car dealers trade vehicles all the time... 500 extra miles on it? I bet every salesman took it home on weekends and drove it all over the place ...a vehicle is considered new until it gets titled ...after it gets so many miles it must be sold as a demo...
You didn’t buy a GT3 or 458... you bought a Ford. As one who owned a Ford Raptor and built it properly, I would never buy another or another Ford. Thanks for sharing.
Oh great, another "Buy A Vehicle Site Unseen from Dealer than complain about the issues" Video.  C'mon fellas, you guys are great, but really need to do some more due diligence on these purchases.
F%$&#@! Ford dealer's 🤣
You guys didn’t go far enough in distance.  Gordie Bouchier in Javesville WI has one at sticker for 59,840.00
Gene Messer Ford is trash.  Back in 2015, my buddy was trying to buy a Raptor and they wouldn’t even let him in the truck until they talked numbers.  No test drive or anything.  He went to the GMC dealership across town and bought a brand new Denali Sierra instead.
BUT.... who buys a vehicle without looking at it first 6:11, apecially when your in the "business"? Then says he looked at it after he paid for it..
Buying a new vehicle is by far the worst buying experience of my life. I've bought many things, houses, boats, a business, and I've always felt dirty and like I've been had after buying from a stealership.
Before you purchase anything...TEST DRIVE, TEST DRIVE AND TEST DRIVE !!!
Fix Or Repair Daily 😥 Really A Poor Truck Over RAM🤣🤣🤣🤣😂😂🤣🤣😂😂🤣🤣🤣
You can get a fully loaded raptor for 65-70 grand in Ohio.
They should be giving you at least a few thousand dollars back since they sold you a demo/used truck.  Plus, you should report them to whoever (BBB) for not being up front with you about the mileage.  That’s ridiculous.
Raptor is a bad ass truck but not for over $100.000. Hard pass.
No Fords for me. If I had 80 grand to spend I'd go with the 🦖
You guys are having a terrible time with new cars!
Why would you pay for a vehicle before you inspect it?
Seems like Texas dealers are a lot like Oklahoma dealers, thus why after 4 years of searching I still haven't bought a new truck. While looking for a powerwagon in my region they all have over 10,000 miles and are less than a year old but labeled as new.
Make sure you do the Raptor Assault at Ford Performance Racing School next summer!
Welp, guess TFL is off the Ford team once again lmao
I bought a brand new 2019 Raptor almost two years ago. I went through much of the same crap because the truck was in and out of the dealership seven times in a year and a half. Every time I brought it in for the stupid stuff like the mirror switches, it was as if I was bothersome. Ford has gone downhill as far as quality goes for the past five years or so. I recently traded my headache in and won’t look back. Ford quality and customer service has lost all semblance of greatness. I hope you guys don’t have the same issues.... or maybe it would be good to let everyone see that Ford has pulled all of their focus from the customer and quality control and put it into developing electric vehicles.
Roman wears vans checkers and says super stoked. Old school skater and snowboarder detected
What I don’t understand is why didn’t you check the truck over from top to bottom before driving off the lot. When I buy a vehicle I check for body work since I’m in that line of work, I also check to made sure everything works.  The last last thing I check is the Date when it was made.
So where are the car bashers who vomited 🤮 on Land Rover now? Looks like an american brand derserves a different treatment from american fans. Btw i’m in love 😍with my new Land Rover defender. Superb car.
There is no reason that a 1/2 ton pickup cost 75000 dollars. Doesn’t matter the spec.
I believe I been bit less understanding lot more vocal about being taken.  Yes nice they fixing but no one caught that before your purchase?  What happened to dealership being straight with customers?
Do they know who you are before delivery? If I were the dealer I would be extra careful to ensure everything is perfect and upfront.  You are super fair for not sharing the dealer info.
Any dealer that isn't upfront and honest about what they're selling would never get a chance from me again.
You guys should watch Chris Fix’s videos on how to buy a used vehicle.
I like your channel and I would be a bit annoyed too, but don’t you think some of this is on you? You got it at MSRP, you had to sign paperwork (that shows mileage upon delivery), due to COVID, the dealership may be short staffed... so pretty much just a broken mirror switch?
The raptor is the best looking truck out there
Call the dealership in Hastings and ask about the 500 miles. It was probably a demo/loaner truck, or maybe one that couldn’t sell because it hit their lot the same time as COVID. I bought a demo car with 4K miles on it. Still registered as a brand new car, but I also got $15k off sticker price.
Situation like this I’m glad Ontario Canada 🇨🇦 has consumer protection laws in place. No over inflation,all in price except taxes and licences,price advertised must comply.if dealership and salesperson don’t,you can report them to OMVIC (government agency) and they can revoke their licence to sell and shut the company down.
Similar exp when I bought my truck, had to get the coin tray for center console, for some reason it wasnt already in it, found out AM radio not working properly after driving it off lot, took it back a few times bc after they fixed AM, they messed up on the sliding cover for compartment where USB is, and my satellite radio.  The truck is great but having to deal with the auto shop isn't fun. I had Toyotas before and never had these types of exp with them.
Car manufacturers need to have a control over those mark ups wonder how many buyers they loose to these mark ups
I have tried to buy a Ford twice in the last 5 years. Had horrible dealership in experience in DFW and purchased something else. Apparently folks don’t care or just don’t know how it should be.
Still not as bad as it could’ve been. But really I always ask about important things when buying specific items as a truck or car, like mileage. Nonetheless the truck is beautiful. I don’t know about those engines yet. I guess I’ll always pick a V8 over a six every time. Funny thing about the squirrel running through your shot after closing the door. But usually the honesty and integrity of the salesperson is on the level. The part where they try to get as much money as they can versus the part where I’m not letting them have it usually amuses me.
Dealerships nowadays are getting more sketchy. I bought a brand new Charger Hellcat last year, and it was one of the most unpleasant experiences ever.
Should have bought a Toyota
It definitely was a take home and a demo, the switch probably has been used a lot and is just faulty to being with.
I really like your videos and podcasts, but lately it seems like every other video you make is either complaining about something or Tommy and Roman arguing over the dumbest stuff. Maybe it’s time to re-evaluate.
Maybe its just me but you were able to buy it at MSRP, instead of paying 10k-20K for bogus mark ups. 1000 miles on it an just a simple switch fix, seems like its still a win
It’s a Ford what did you expect?😏
They have to sell it for price advertised . Period
I work at the Super Duty plant and I can tell you there is no difference between pre Covid or Covid vehicles. I can assure you they're being built exactly the same way as before.  Sucks you had that experience, but no way I would've bought that truck at full price without seeing the mileage. The way we do our inspections in pre delivery, that mirror switch would've never passed and allowed the truck to leave the plant. With 1300 miles on it, I'd say it was broken by whoever was driving it.
Sorry if this has been mentioned already but from the video when you jump in truck and hit mirror switch power has to be on and you need to select what side mirror you want to adjust. And miles should be on the purchase order when you signed it.
I never buy a new truck without: 1) Checking the odometer. 2) Checking that most common functions work.  Can't check everything.  The exception is motorcycles.  They usually don't let you test drive new bikes.  I have never had a problem with a new bike.  I think the quality of motorcycles seems to be better than cars.
They don’t call them stealerships for nothing.   I got my 2019 Silverado 2500HD with 3 miles on it. The only time it’s been back to the stealership is for the free oil change and tire rotations . I’d never take a 1,000 miles already on the vehicle as new at sticker price.   Of course, I’d never pay anywhere near sticker for a new vehicle. Already lose enough money no matter how much you pay for the new vehicle once you sell it.
Year old with a thousand miles sold as brand new 2020. I’d call that false advertising.
You guys need to go to the Raptor assault!!!!
Roman I am excited to see your upcoming videos on the Raptor. I bought a 2020 Raptor 3 weeks ago and love it.  I can not wait to see the Mods and accessories you add.
Squirrel!!! https://youtu.be/_7PFzbQ_qO8?t=593
You thought it was a “COVID truck”? 🤦‍♂️
As a car salesman myself, this is really embarrassing 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️ transparency is everything and this was obviously lacking in this situation. In case anybody has question about car buying let me know and I’ll give you some good info to be more prepared when going to a dealership!
FORD FIX OR REPAIR  DAILY!!!!!!!
Welcome to Ford family!!
Wow, how well off do you have to be to sign a cheque for, over was it 77k,  without even looking over at what you are going to buy!  Jeeze it not like car dealers have a reputation for being honest is it?  and Roman is a journalist, a profession who's mantra is "never let the truth get in the way of a good story"  (I'm hoping that does not apply to the motoring journalists on this channel). :)
You make it sound like it's worse then your Defender experience.
Gee....car dealers are unethical? Shocker!
Mannn when the people will understand toyota is the best brand in the whole world
I literally just commented on the raptor vs TRX video that you guys should buy another Raptor. Didn’t think it would cost so much but I’m excited to see what you guys do with it 👍🏻
Whine whine whine... It is completely your idiotic fault for not inspecting the vehicle prior to signing the papers!... 1,000 miles on a vehicle is still considered new... And a broken switch makes you that unhappy... Man you got nothing big to worry about in life do you!? 😂
Who else spotted the squirrel?
Is this dude serious? Complains about a truck with 1k miles?? What a privileged little prick
Buying anything ford is already wrong
Ford dealers have gotten awful. There’s so many near me and they just seem to outdo each other at being terrible.
Go to the Ford company, that dealer could get ass kick . Under franchise agreement everything is all about customer service
This is weird
Well this is all sorts of fun already. #sarcasm
Why can’t we just buy our trucks directly from the manufacturers, like Tesla???
why not just buy a 2021?
I was hoping the 21 Raptor would have come out by now, hopefully it's not end of next year.
I wouldn't buy one at sticker let alone with a mark-up.
Roman... I’d advise you to contact Ford followed by your Lawyer. I believe the manufacturer would have something to say about new vehicle pricing. In addition, regardless of what State you live/buy vehicle in there are false advertising laws designed to prevent what you just experienced.
Bought mine early this year right before COVID it’s an 18 full loaded for 55k with 16k miles...got very lucky
Lol you guys have the worst luck!
Honestly this has happened to us with the last 3 vehicle we have bought. I feel like customer service is a thing of the past.
Next video.....Ford raptor vanished from my driveway....
Good luck selling those.
i would have taken the truck right back. u guys are so generous. i dont know how youre dealing with land rover ;i would have gotten my money back so fast. and the raptor i would have walked away from cause they failed to mention the milage, 1 key and broken mirror.
I am sure this has been said down comment before, but the stealership in Lubbock, Tx probably realized who you were and didn't want any bad press. I seriously doubt they would be so willing drop their "market adjustment" price for a regular Joe-shmoe. Its the same thing with the Defender. They went out of their way to avoid bad press. I loathe the dealer system. I hate finding an undiscussed $2000 upcharge for leather seat protection or the hard pitch for an extended warranty, when all you want to do is to leave after three hours of sitting at the dealership.  It is simply designed to exhaust the customer to the point, where they can extract as much as possible.
I would rather have a root canal than go to a car dealer ever again!!
How are you complaining about prices and markups. It's basic supply and demand. It is what it is.
Just imagine how we feel when we go shopping for a truck at a dealer .When u guys have a channel to tell the world and we only have a small voice but it is a nice truck
I guess it’s a good problem to rush to buy an expensive vehicle that you expect to be brand new and it’s not on top of the other issues you experienced. I just did this with my new 2020 ram 1500 4x4 this past summer. I signed everything after seeing text message pictures of my truck. Luckily when it showed up in my driveway it matched! The odometer only had 100 miles on it which made sense as dealer was that far away and I crawled under the truck - everything looked fresh. I popped the hood - same. Interior - fabulous lol. Maybe I got lucky? It was a better experience than going thru that whole walking the lot, test driving, and receiving bs salesman talk that’s for sure.
Well I LOVE my Ford Dealership in South Florida. I just put $5,000 Down to secure the 2022 New V8 Ford Raptor allocation. At STICKER Price. 😀💰 Rumor is may Launch as early as 2021. 700+HP Supercharged
I remember dealers that gouge.
I bet this Raptor has Landrover DNA in it.
And now you know why dealers sell garbage and scam people. Because of dudes like you. Instead of being furious and throw keys back at them you still took it even being broken and used for a year.
Nice used truck you got there
Hey Roman. Has Ford Executives contacted you concerning this process. Dealerships are big on getting those great reviews. I hope u really give a raw review so this doesn’t happen in the future.
Just an absolute stupid Price for a Ford 🤣🤣🤣
I knew it just imagining when the new one comes out it will probably be expensive
Ford dealers are the worse. They won't even lease Mustang GTs because "people beat on them". Yet I can lease a hellcat. Ford...SMH
Roman I hate buying new vehicles.  I hate the dickering just to not get screwed.   I also don't understand why they do not order in a truck what the customer wants.  I told the local dealer when they get in a Chevy Trail Boss of in the color of Havana Brown call me.   Yes they have called but they have yet to get one in Havana Brown so they order couple hundred trucks and you can not get one in the color requested.   They said they can do a dealer search and find me one, I told them don't bother as I can do a search as well.    If 2021 the new 4Runner was coming out I would just say screw GM & Chevy.
Congrats on the new raptor can’t wait for trx on the channel
How the heck do you purchase a 75k truck and never see it in person or do a test drive prior to signing paperwork? These guys saw sucker and had at it.  I don't care how reputable a dealership is, I go over every new car I buy with a fine tooth comb prior to signing anything. Sometimes I even get the guys in the shop to put it up on a hoist so I can check for little sweats or leaks. Bare minimum I do a full walk around checking every body panel, every rim, and every little bit of the interior for defects.  Build dates are important. Why buy a truck that has been sitting on a lot for a year when you can find the same truck that came off the line a few weeks ago? 2 minutes of research would have let you guys pull up the window sticker from the factory using the VIN where you could see when it was made. Another two minutes and you would have found the an online Raptor forum where you could have found recommended dealerships in your area, or even specific salesmen who offer no hassle experiences and specialize in Raptor sales. Throughout model years, manufacturers apply small tweaks to address systemic issues like body panel gaps or squeaks or rattles, electronic module updates, things like that.
I bought a brand new Ford ranger here in NM, exact same thing. Terrible quality interior.
I bought a new raptor two weeks ago for $65,300 plus ttl.
Well it is less broken as the LaRo
Not a Covid truck...good for resale.👍
CHEVY fan here and i love yhe bowtie............ But when it comes to buying trucks i rather take a look at the Titan and RAM before i look at a F series truck.
If I’m not mistaken, one of the forms you sign is acknowledgement of mileage.
I got a feeling this truck will have more problems in the coming months
9:36  SQUIRREL!!
I have a 2020 Raptor and I didn't have any problems with my dealer and nothing wrong with my truck
I wonder how car salesman got their  reputation?
Being honest and exposing Ford is a great way to get back at them blacklisting you guys.
Undisclosed mileage and a problem, time to renegotiate the price.
Purchased a year old truck, guaranteed you just lost 5K when you go to sell it.  You have an older truck than you thought, no matter what mileage you will have on it.
you need a better dealer.  I buy out of state and can send you info if you'd like.  long time family friend...
Cant buy anything sight unseen...
My dad got a 18 raptor for like 40K that has a few thousand miles. It’s not fully loaded but damn it’s a nice truck.
Test drive the vehicle before buying.
Whoa! I honestly wouldn’t buy a Raptor for $60k. The V6 is less than intriguing enough to make me want to walk into a showroom.
Thank you for "going to school" for us.  Lessons learned:  Inspect products before purchase, no buyting "a pig in a poke".  Buy at home when possible.  AND, maybe now would be good time for Rpator owners to sell HIGH......
I too learned the hard way and unknowingly purchased “new vehicle” with many more miles then anticipated.  It’s a rookie mistake an unscrupulous dealership passes on to those in the market especially on year end demo models and buyers who inquiry from a distance, whether in or out of state.  Every state differs on mileage but (usually post sale) your eager salesman will tell you as long as the vehicle was never titled and the mileage is below e.g. 750 miles it can be sold as new. Hmmm is the dealership is still a favorite & wonder if you will buy there again??? I firmly believe your first question every time you buy future toys is to verify the mileage.
Car market is a dirty place right now
For me was at Toyota buying a certified pre-owned truck and the never gave me the second set of keys and tonneau cover key, I had to got to a locksmith to make them.
I would check the truck frame and all undercarriage to see if the vehicle is been in an accident!!! Or even off-road!! And if so return and demand a new one !!
Stop being a big sally....you got a brand new truck raptor no less, be thankfull
Scumbag dealers? I am shocked...
Production during covid was severely slowed down. Making the assembly and “if” needed repairs a hole lot easier to perform. I believe during this first 1000 miles is when somebody broke that side mirror switch. Here at DTP those raptors are gone over with closely.
Alright here me a out... a series where Roman secretly shops car dealers and tells us about his experience
You are a sucker for for buying a truck like this. I would have made them buy that shit back if I was stupid enough to buy something before I look at it. I'm sure whoever drove that truck enjoyed the drive and ignored the extremely important break in period on ecoboosts. Even though I don't agree with dealer markups you should have done 10 minutes of research to figure out that raptor prices have been on the rise for months due to lack of availability. Us raptor guys have been watching the market value for raptors grow alot during 2020 because we knew it would leave production and there wouldn't be a new raptor for at least a year or two. Bad move tfl
Sucks that you had such a bad experience. I find dealerships are all over the place with their service quality. Luckily I have a Ford dealer in my town with excellent customer service. However, I've been to some dealers with God awful service. You never know I guess...
I got one for ya. I bought a 2020 Chev Colorado WT, crew cab, long box (6.2'), 4.3 V6, 8 speed, 4x4, g80. It had 19 miles on it. Apparently the dealer hadn't taken up to highway speeds and gotten the engine cooling system good and hot. The seams all along the top of the radiator hadn't been bonded properly and it began high pressure spewing, orange dexcool, when it got hot and pressurized. Dealership took care of it right away and it's been a great daily driver/ work truck ever since.
Dealers has been terrible during this pandemic 😷
I’m not saying a “COVID truck is any less quality” “but I’m very glad it’s not a COVID truck”. What is a COVID truck anyway? Somehow the line has different ppl because Why?
Honestly, I don't think you should.be surprised, Ford builds crap trucks. Ford Tough, what a joke.  Try this, buy a Toyota Tundra and use that as a benchmark to test all those other trucks. As far as I know, neither of the big three have a truck that has over one million documented miles on original components. Toyota has at least two.https://www.carscoops.com/2019/05/another-toyota-tundra-crosses-million-mile-mark-still-works-as-a-charm/#:~:text=A%20white%202007%20Toyota%20Tundra,mile%20mark%20on%20its%20odometer.
This is a perfect example of why dealership franchises suck and should no longer exist in the sales side of vehicles.  All sales should be direct between manufacturer and purchaser.
I despise the whole buying experience with a passion. I factory order my trucks and I get Z pricing and get all pricing details and mostly all the financing setup over email so I literally just need to walk in and sign. I avoid spending anymore time in a dealership then I have to.
Yay!! Raptor is back!!  Don’t get too upset. They started your warranty at what was on the odometer. Also they could of marked it up like others and it would of sold. Could of been worse but it will all work out in the end and 6 months from now you won’t even remember the miles it had on it. Truck doesn’t look hurt at all
Congrats on your USED truck. That is NOT a new truck. There is no telling what went on that first 1000 miles. You were taken for a ride on this one.
Welcome to Sloppy Seconds, Roman.....
If that truck was a buyback it may have been sold as “new”. Maybe it had more issues before with the previous owner and they bought it back to avoid a lemon law title. Would explain the miles on it, hope you dont have more issues!
You paid for it before looking at it? Is this your first time buying a car? Lol
Oh lord bitching about 1000 miles come on vehicles that expensive get lots of test drives and lots of keep it over the weekend bring it back Monday kinda crap from dealers
I seriously despise dealing w/ dealerships
So...lesson learned. Don't buy sight unseen
I have a 2017 F-150 FX 4 Off Road,  if I hit a bump at highway speeds, the truck dances a tiny bit. A friends 2017 F-150 Raptor, has a severe dancing problem. It especially bad going around an Interstate curve and hitting a bump. Really is frightening, wouldn’t want to be in the truck on wet pavement. Both trucks are Supercrews, same bed length, have the original tires and suspensions, tires filled to the proper amount.
previous dealer demo.  should have walked away
Kia does the same thing, specially with the Telluride.
And dealerships and salespeople wonder why people don't trust them and dislike buying new cars and trucks
Who buys a long term tester at the end of the models run? That was a crazy move to begin with. Soon you'll be wanting or should b wanting a gen 3 raptor for a long term tester & you'll be holding this bucket of bolts. Got rid of my gen2 raptor a year ago & I could have told you all you wanted to know without you spending almost $70g
That’s what u get when u don’t check it out before u buy it
I wouldve returned that truck or they wouldve marked it down for the miles thats technically a used truck because of the miles and it has broken parts that somebody had to have noticed during the service that dealer already sounds bad and fords mark ups and overpriced trucks i believe is gonna end up costing them to lose sales to ram because ford trucks are getting way to expensive
I searched after watching this video, because I was unaware of the stop in production, for a Raptor outfitted the way I would want to order it and found only 1 left throughout the entire country. $75k. Might give them a call, it’s 400miles away from me right now.
Crying and complaining about not doing your due diligence
WHY DID YOU BUY A FORD WHEN THEY HATE YOU?? I'D NEVER BUY A COMPANY WHEN THEY ARE HATING ON ME... THEY ARE HAVEN THE LAST LAUGH ON YOU..
Welcome to 2020, if something can possibly be wrong it will be...........
What a bummer thanks for sharing
Raptor's are beyond a waste of money... only a fool would buy one. In May I Got  2020 STX supercrew 2.7l E.B was out the door $39k and  had a $47.8k sticker with 44 miles on it and zero APR loan.. made 11/26/2019. sat on lot for 6 months...
I live in Georgia. I have seen some marked Raptors but I have also seen more of them that at going for a little less than MSRP. My guess would be because you live in a place more suited for a Raptor. Anyway, people looking for them may want to come to the south east.
Lol all the raptor guys have been telling us for months how over priced the TRX is and then I see the raptor is just as insane in price with a wimpy eco boost in it. Lol corse they got it for MSRP, they are only the biggest auto youtubers in the business and it's a year old and has miles on it 🙄 gatta love stealerships!!
But why did you accept delivery of the truck? If I was in your position I asked for a discount for the 1000 miles and don’t take delivery without fixing it.
Pretty sure I’d never buy a truck without looking at it first. Personal preference.
You could've just checked on all of that stuff before throwing down $77k right???  Some of this is Ford's fault but you could've done a lot more due diligence on your own to prevent a bunch of those headaches.  About 15 years ago, I drove an hour and a half to look at a car listed as new on the dealer website just to find out on the test drive that it had almost 1,500 miles on it.  ONLY THEN did they tell me that it was actually owned by some lady that decided she didn't like it after a month and a half!  Fuckers tried to sell it to me as a new truck!
Century Ford would never treat you like that we are always upfront and honest
You guys ever figure out why the tire was rubbing on the Driver rear fender flare? Seems like a bump stop is either out of place, torn, or missing. Certainly not something that’s supposed to happen on a factory stock truck
Thats why you dont buy a ford
Good to see ford dealerships finding new ways to beat FCA and GM dealerships as the worst of the worst.
Rich greedy folk
Ford's attempt to be a Land Rover...
Shoot in reality in today's market those things you're complaining about are minor. Minus the ridiculous markup price. So many dealerships where I live are trying to sell 2-5 year old used pickups with 50-90 thousand miles for more than I can order a brand new xl f250 for. Its outrageous.
Just bought mine for 8k off in Florida lol.
Well I’m sorry it has issues but I can tell you what that’s the best looking truck you’ve had on your channel in a long time I’m very excited to see the videos coming from this truck I sure hope you put a crazy five star tune on it really push the power and see how it does against the TRX also that truck could stand a little bit of a lift have a great day looking forward to these awesome videos and build !!! over the next year
The Land Rover Defender has officially cursed the TFL offices
pretty sure you guys are cursed.
If anybody in the comment section wants a raptor and you don't mind making the drive to Ohio I know of one Ford dealer that I always do business with that has a couple and they want to get rid of them. Apparently here in my neck of the woods in Ohio nobody wants a raptor. Except for me I want one I just can't afford it so I drive a regular F-150. Lol
Hey Roman!!🙂I thought the same thing...glad it's not a Covid-19 Truck...11\19 built date...that's just before Covid...good job Roman!!😀
That is just awful. I'd be so mad at the dealership. It's sad we have to ask for milage on new vehicles now.
Shady dealership practices is all I heard. Yes, they fixed your parts issue but it should have never been an issue for you to begin with. They were dishonest about the truck and didn’t even bother inspecting it in house before selling it to you.
I love your videos 😜
Nice truck. Crazy trucks are 77k now. That dealership should have gave you a reach around to make everything right.
@TFLTruck, u guys have got a thing going for red trucks.. lol. Man, super excited to see the content in Raptor + TRX. Thanks for bringing real world dealership stories to us as well. 👍👍
In my area Naples Florida , Tamiami Ford still has raptors for 70-90k
Dealerships make ford suck
Dealers are breaking law by misrepresenting advertised vehicle.  You have been taken for ride. Essentially purchased second hand 2019 build plate with problem.  Can it get any worse.
I use live in Hastings  and it came from frontier Ford  they have a bad. Customer service
For a v6 thats just stupid and greed
With spending that kind of money.....and with the mileage on it.....the dealership should have thrown in a tonneau cover Free of charge!
Wow this was quite an ORDEAL. There are more people and companies that just don't care about much of anything. The way Roman was treated was in this new world of lies and shallow integrates the new norm. It was actually y upsetting to watch this, so I am over reacting a bit, there are still plenty of people that care about what they are doing and how they effect other people. looking forward to the comparison between the Raptor & the TRX. The dealer should give a discount for the milage.
This sadly seems like a common thing for dealerships. A friend was buying a sonata and they said it was new. Similar to you after the paperwork was signed it had close to 4000 miles. In Michigan apparently a car is still new until 5000 miles as long as it hadn't been titled.
I feel your pain. The Ford dealers near me are garbage.
Yeah... You should have looked at the truck before buying it, especially for 77k . The mirror switch isn't a big deal and you could have know about the milies if you looked at the truck.
Somewhat related question; is this the last year for an extended cab raptor? TRX only comes in crew cab...
As my parents always used to say, look before you leap.  Great video on how not to get taken.
Owner of the dealership was driving that thing around...
If dealerships didn't have state laws keeping them in business, if it was legal for manufacturers to sell direct, dealerships would all be out of business in a year.
I work at the local dealership in my town. We never charge charge over MSRP on any of the specialty vehicles such at the Raptor, GT500 ect. We have actually gone as fat selling raptors for under sticker. Roman contact me for the next gen raptor.
The saying goes,... A fool and their money are soon parted.
So you signed the paperwork and paid for it basically sight unseen? Why the hell would you do that? Boy, you just NEVER learn, do you? You guys are supposed to be "experts" that we can trust with reviews and opinions and you guys don't even know how to buy a car properly!! It also seems to me that all of the bad "editorial" decisions that are being done lately are actually Roman's decisions and he's pulling his weight at the shop there. Everything from the dumb TRX options to the horrible Land Rover and now this. You just are stubborn and want to jump in with both feet all the time and be the one to make the final decision. How's that working out for you? I bet you the dealer you bought the Raptor from watches the channel and knows what your willing to put up with and purposefully decided not to tell you about the mileage and the broken button. (btw, you may want to check out the rest of the vehicle, ya know, just in case). Also, I have a bridge to sell you if you're interested, you can even drive all of your vehicles off of it, it will be spectacular. It's a great price....trust me.
Roman, you are way too trusting when you buy a vehicle.  You should never buy sight unseen.   For people that buy and sell vehicles all the time you manage to make a lot of mistakes! lol
This, today, is the height of COVID19! Dimwit!
As we say in the Caribbean don't buy cat in bag  in other words check the merchandise out before you buy it
Total Rip Off !! They lied about the price and the year . I’d report them and get my most of my money back . That truck starts at $76🇨🇦🇨🇦 for a 2020 .
If this was not a automobile channel I would let this go, but come on, did your “car buying guy” even look.....did you...at those trucks???  They are silly special editions hence the higher price.  Those are not normal model raptors.  You cannot tell people those normal raptors.  This is a auto channel, you are better than that.  Plus there few new raptors from the 60s to 72k in the area.
Be on the look out for the 2024 Toyota Tundra Hippo to challenge the TRex and raptor
Lots of blame for something you should have checked. The new raptor is old news anyways
Never buy a vehicle sight unseen! That's what you get, especially buying from a dealer.
Lol imagine buying a ford thinking it's gonna be good quality. My parents friend had 2 F150's, one brand new 2016 and the transmission went, and then a 2019 and the start stop broke in the drive through
Yet another defect video about a Ford Truck. This is why I would never buy a Ford. It has about 1k miles and there are problems.
Exactly why I dont own Ford.
I avoid anything Ford Vehicles  Dealerships  Theatres Etc
You need to tune the Raptor to bring the hp up to the TRX, and it'll be an equal match even tho the raptor will still be cheaper
Some salesmen just don’t care. I bought my new Denali and my guy took it from the showroom and had a new battery put in due to the auto boards. Everything still worked but he said it had been inside with a lot of ins and outs running the boards up and down. Some care, some don’t.
Should have bought Chevy.
I’m 3:50 seconds into this video.  I live in Lubbock.  I’ve “tried” doing business with Gene Messer. I can only imagine where this story is going 😬
Negotiations are a must. Very few trustworthy salesmen these days
Uh, come on am I the only one who sees what’s going here?? WAKE UP! First, the Lubbock dealer intentionally jacked up the price to you verbally, then reeled you in with a text (written, duh) to trigger your “woweee!” response and try to close the sale. They do that with every inquiry they’re getting - nothing about your experience is unique. Second, the red truck from Nebraska came from a dealer looking to “toss trash” - that truck has problems you don’t know yet. Most likely a “program truck” and either 1) is actually in much worse shape than anyone realizes or 2) has already been titled once, returned to the dealer, and is technically a used vehicle (this is less likely). But something smells funny here. And by the way, what idiot decided it was smarter to drive the truck from Nebraska than flatbed it? Hmm?? Hell even CarMax knows better than that. I honestly wouldn’t trust your dealer as far as I can throw him. Let’s see the VIN dude. Prove me wrong but there’s some shady s*** going on here. The fact the dealer is so accommodating to you is way above the level of trying to avoid negative publicity. Something doesn’t line up. It’s been repaired, re-titled, something. I hope I’m wrong, but I’ve seen enough to know I’m right.
Ahh the smart guys got dooped
You don't spend money sight unseen ... Especially 77k
You have no one to blame but yourself for buying a truck sight unseen, you bought new and got used, what a fool, and this channel is run by truck enthusiasts , why not hire someone qualified?  Oh just do a episode complaining about it <g>
1100 miles is not new
Never buy a Ford...I have a gmc and it’s falling apart...next truck is a Toyota even tho I would love to buy American again.... I just can’t do it
My patience isn't as good as yours. They would have gotten it back. I've had too many bad dealer experiences in the past.
Unbelievable....Tesla's direct sales model looks better and better!
$75k, for used junk!!!!
Love that raptor! Just a quick question, and I know all states have different paperwork but here in Indiana you sign a odometer disclosure statement as part of the sale paperwork. Do they not have that where you’re at? That’s a bummer. But I’m sure once you get the key fob and the switch replaced you will have many years of enjoyment with that truck!
you bought a vehicle site unseen omg.iam not smartest person in the world but i know better than that.go look for your self dont even trust your truck guy geez.
What the latest on the land rover with the problem?
You’re hurting your resale value lol!
more importantly this is why Tesla will ultimately win the car wars.  Dealerships suck, they rip you off when ever they are given the chance.  I can't wait for my new Cybertruck....
Insane. I worked a deal on one $12000 off in April.
Next time try Jorge Lopez at Tomball Ford in Texas.
You guys have the worst luck, might as well just give it up.
You got suckered by a dealership.  Happens no matter what brand. Sounds like you need to get a new dealership. Stop buying  vehicles sight unseen. If you saw it first and saw that it was a year old. You would've started asking why it's been sitting on the lot for a year.
Just by looks I prefer the Raptor over the TRX (not a ford fan either)
That’s still cheaper than everyday price for a Raptor in Commiefornia.
The sad truth is that anything manufactured during the pandemic is sub-par at best.  Quality assurance since March 2019 has gone to pot.  Take your chances if you will, but it may be best to wait.  Or, go for it and just accept that $77K just isn't what it used to be.  Glad yours was manufactured pre-COVID-19.  Looks like a fun vehicle.  As for going to a stealership - it is what it is.  Have you guys ever tried to buy straight from the factory?
Desperate buyers always overpay regardless of the item.  All of this could have been avoided by a simple test drive before signing or paying for anything.  Also, my 'market tip' for dealers charging more than MSRP, you will NEVER get my business.
Two years in a row ? Neither the super duty or the raptor were the correct trucks.
I’m happy with my Trailboss I paid 40k for. Raptors are cool but I can’t spend that much especially when stuff already breaking on it ? I mean jeez what happened to quality?
110k for a Raptor, the market is nuts
The 1000+ miles on the odometer SHOULD have been mentioned.
Blue 2020 raptor in Lubbock has 3312 miles for  69,990
Come to Houston at Autonation Ford.  Went with my buddy to pick up a fully loaded blue one.  Got it for 69K out the door.  Glad he bought it when he did.
Tesla, raptor, defender, e.t.c... headaches.
My Ford Dealer in CT has been routinely marking up Raptors and GT350's for years. Supply and demand. People pay the inflated prices so they marking them up.😒
It's just business.
If I worked for / with you, I could use my military discount to help get better deals on cars / trucks.
Or just don’t buy a raptor since you reviewed them a shit load already no one cares about it lol the TRX is where it’s at no one wants to hear a fart can
I Cant imagine why people hate buying cars. American car buying is a joke!
А люди ще пробують говорити про якість будівництва Тесла я відтепер буду посилатися на ваше відео коли буду бачити повідомлення про погану якість збірки Тесла ви не проти?!
Roman, I’ve been a critic in the past but certainly you and your team are getting more and more serious and left the biased opinions lately. I really like you share honestly all this issues because it reflects a real compromise with your subscribers. Big thumbs up 👍🏻
I wonder how much the dealer would pay you for a 1000 mile truck?
Still upset with Ford because they spanked you? 2020 has been a bad year for everyone. I'm sure they adjusted the warranty mileage for the 36/36. I wouldn't personally buy a Raptor but the times are what they are and buying an expensive and popular truck; well it might require some "little" sacrifices. Looking forward to watching what you do with it.
So they charge more for a modified Raptor? Amazing
Here's a 2020 Raptor w/3 miles on it for $57K...it's in Ohio but so what, the mirrors work. https://www.cars.com/vehicledetail/detail/824574021/overview/
You need to watch the Chevy dude, never buy a  dealer to dealer trade.
I bought my new 2014 F150 in 2016 with 800 miles on it. It was about to be 2 model years old (late summer 2016) so I feel I got a good deal with discounts and incentives. The only way I feel like I made a mistake is they gave me my asking price for my trade in.  I did my homework, but maybe priced it a little low.
for a channel that is very informative and i love to watch you guys really drop the ball when buying vehicles properly
Great color! Back in 2015 I purchased a 2015 F150 XLT 2.7 FX4x4 Ecoboost Supercab on a Manheim auction in Chicago which had been registered in the Quad Cities area for a very short time so it was technically a used truck with 1555 miles on it through my local dealer but I paid about $10,000 under MSRP . Wondered why it showed up on the auction but the truck has been perfect in every way.
A 1000 miles, a faulty mirror switch and a missing remote which both will be addressed and got it for 10- 30K less than other dealers wanted.
so the moral of the story is  never buy anything before checking it out first ☺
That suck to discontinue a truck like this, they just wanna make more money
if just get to a car for a year, get any car. If get a car to keep forever, get a Toyota!
yoo TFL bois, someone has spelled a curse on u guys, everything u own is breaking down
COVID TRUCK !    yea this might become   a concern for those in the used vehicle market (quality lacking).
So a big jar of Vasoline would have been nice
For the mirror switch. It’s just popped out of the holder. Just push it in the center and it will go back in place
Most Ford dealers are terrible when it comes to service. All they really want to do is sell overpriced vehicles and service. They definitely don’t care about honesty. When my dad picked up his new F250 King Ranch, he was prepared to write a check for the advertised price. But no, because he didn’t finance it they tried to charge him an additional $2500, on top of the bs fees dealers already charge. He got it home and the air conditioning wasn’t working and all the tires were low. We took it back and asked for the PDI checklist, which is supposed to be done to make sure everything had been checked over before delivery to the customer. They said “they couldn’t find it” 🙄 So they inflated the tires and recharged the AC, which worked for a few weeks before blowing warm again. Not only that, the spare tire was low, only 20 psi and should be at 65. Called the dealer again and they said they couldn’t look at the truck for three weeks. Fortunately I have a good relationship with an honest service writer at a different Ford dealer. Took the vehicle there and they replaced the AC condenser and put him in an F250 Lariat diesel rental while they fixed the truck. Everything has been fine to this day. Just a shame that you spend $60k on a truck only for the selling dealer to basically give you a middle finger when it has problems.
My Ford buying experience was also horrible. We finally agree to a lease price on my 2018 F150 (which was a demo), and everything seemed smooth up to that point. That was until the finance person repeatedly tried to force over 5k of warranty on me with scare tactics like “your factory warranty is up before your lease is over. You’ll be on the hook for anything that breaks after that”. I almost backed out there and then.   THEN when I got in the truck, I noticed I only had a half tank of gas, and the interior wasn’t even cleaned. There were ice cream stains on the arm rest?? Brought it up to the salesman and he basically shrugged it off.   Then there were the issues with the service department... that’s another story. Traded the lease in at a different dealer only 11 months later.
I had a bad experience at all 3 Ford dealerships I went to when shopping for an F-150... I’m driving a new Titan Pro4x and couldn’t be happier. Every Nissan dealer I’ve ever been to has been great! Dealer experience holds a lot of weight in my book.
I can't take advice from some who let's himself get ripped off.
Let me understand, the Truck Experts did not do their Homework ? Love the channel, Love the truck even more.
if u able to get 77k dollar u could maybe check the car by yourself
If you think an older generation Raptor is overpriced with markups wait until you go buy a TRX.
should have bought a tundra instead...
i think i would have rather see you guys build a ranger raptor
When I bought my 2019 Pro4x. It didn't go smoothly either. I know the feeling.
Congrats.  I have a 2019...amazing truck and I absolutely have no interest in the TRX
Not sure how it is in Colorado, but in Nebraska there is an Odometer Statement that has to state the mileage when purchased and has to be signed by both the purchaser and seller when the papers are signed.
What about the worst part?... Rear tire rub on a factory truck?
In California a vehicle can have over 3, 000 miles on it and still be sold as new! Crazy!!
That's the problem with buying an expensive vehicle from a brand that doesn't make most of their money off of expensive vehicles. My friend had a Nissan GTR... imagine his frustration at the dealership. 😂
Buddy, when you're spending 60 or 70k on a "new" truck you gotta make sure it's straight!!! Lol
It’s comforting to know that the scum bag dealership business model is slowly crumbling. Legacy automakers are watching Tesla sell cars online at msrp all day long, hopefully soon they will also start offering direct from manufacturer purchasing.
I got a 2017 you can buy 60k miles on it. $40,000 will own it. That dealer is scum. If you look hard enough you can find one at msrp. I did when it was the first model year.
It boggles my mind that people are willing to waste money like that. Who in thier right mind would pay over MSRP for a hugely depreciation money pit like a common pickup truck?
Common theme... dealerships suck
You'd think as many trucks as these ppl buy he'd be better at it...
Just bought a new 2021 Jeep Grand Cherokee Trailhawk. I'd stay away from Ford keep up the good videos guys!
99% of car salesmen are scums that milk you for your last dime.
That is a great color. Ran into this a lot when I purchased a new vehicle. Dealers were publishing discounted prices on Auto search apps that were not the actual price. But they were good at publishing the actual mileage. Especially for the courtesy/loaner vehicles.
It actually make sense that the Raptor get phased out ... the Bronco: 1. is going to be a vehicle that appeals to a wider audience, 2. it will take away a bigger market share from a competitor, 3. it's a long-term thing ...  The Raptor, RIP, was a very unique specialty vehicle that was: 1. expensive, 2. had a much smaller appeal.  Although it would have been nice for the Raptor to remain, this is indeed a sound decision in my opinion.
I'm not sure about Colorado, but in Michigan you have to sign an odometer disclosure. This states the milage of the vehicle at the time of purchase.
I wouldn’t have been NEARLY as calm Roman, not sure but if that happens on the East Coast I think a fight would break out. You guys are mellow! 1300 miles I would have gone ape sh**!
You guys are jinxed 🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨🚨
You can return it after you find that out. Also as you are paying for it, you had to sign paper works stating it had 1000 miles. Always check what you sign :)
Law suit for sure.
Dealership upcharges should be illegal. Or just get manufacturers to go the tesla route and sell direct, and screw the stealership mess...
Hard to get deals during COVID when dealers are having issues getting vehicles.  Bought a 2020 Ranger back in May.  Got the deal I wanted but it was a fight and wouldn't have happened without excellent credit and money down.  Dealers were pushing the 7 year 0% financing which is an absolute joke.  Also looked at a "leftover" 2019 Colorado at a local dealership that had 9600 miles on it.
Good grief!  A quick check on AutoTrader in the Okla City area shows plenty of new 2019 Raptors in the $70-$80K range.  Must be a sloooow seller if there are 2019's on new car lots.
I went to look at/test drive a used Ram 1500 a few months ago.  The truck had 10K more miles on it than listed.   Found out the dealership owner had all his crap in it because he was using it as his daily driver and he lived about 90 minutes away from the dealership, but still had it listed and priced as if 10k fewer miles.  It was still a good truck, so I tried to get them down on price, but they wouldn't budge.   They didn't seem to care about the false advertising or even the difference in value of the truck.   So I walked away.  And now won't deal with them even though they're a big dealer in the area and I still want a truck.  So don't ever do business with Mr. Moriah Auto Sales in Memphis, Tn.   They aren't honest businessmen.
Title should be ‘What not to do when buying a 77k vehicle.’
Ford Ford Ford... Bad Bad Bad
Gotta love the BS any freaking dealer offers you. Especially for unique vehicles. Also, now ya gotta think....  digital roll back? Hmmmm.... I hope the best for y'all at TFL!!! Keep up the good work and amazing content!
A year of trashing the raptor
Love the video and experience. Truth goes along way these days.
Dealers suck.  I can't wait for them all to go away!!!
You should have not taken it after seeing the miles. Or at least gotten a large discount for the mileage.
Technically any vehicle built after June or July of that year is considered the upcoming model year, it all depends on what the manufacturer wants to list them as.
You guys are quickly becoming one of my favorite YouTube channels, keep up the good work!
I am leery of the new 2021 F-150. When Ford is launching their most technically complicated series of trucks, 2020 Lincoln SUVs are at the very bottom of reliability ratings and Ford admits huge losses in warranty claims. They say never but a first year run vehicle. Very happy with my 2020 RAM 1500 Laramie with excellent build quality, luxurious ride and zero issues. Check them out if you're looking for a new truck.
You not having much luck on these new cars!
11/19 was covid-19, they were getting ready and making changed in anticipation, it was probably the worst time because they were just getting started and no one knew what to really do. So nothing was streamlined and chaos. Good luck buddy, I'll be watching. LOL!
What about the left rear wheel that was rubbing the truck? That’s horrible!
I didn’t think it was possible but this video is making me hate dealers even more, people that work there are terrible. No one goes to school or aspires to be a car salesman, if you’re that into cars engineer them or make videos. The Whole system needs to be revised, buying something where so much money and engineering are put into the product just for a clueless scavenger to hawk it to you for a 100 spiff sucks.
Just wait until your new TRX shows up with a busted supercharger.
What happened here is you didn't see this coming and you waited too long to pull the trigger. There is a dealer somewhere that doesn't mark up the prices. Case in point people are buying GT500's for sticker on youtube.
Ridiculous prices for a truck.
Still not clear on how it was painful? Because it had 1100 miles? or that the switch was broken? or both? You said the dealership was great to work with, so....? I wouldn't call those 2 things painful, especially if you are only keeping it a year.
Ford dealers seem to be a really special breed. Almost every channel on YouTube that has bought performance cars from Ford dealers has a similar story about lies, price gouging, etc.
As an analogy your experience of trying to make a last-minute purchase of a high-in-demand truck is like trying to buy cheap, quality roses on Valentine's Day ... no surprise nor mystery there!
Typical Ford dealership tactics, I can't stand the buying process at all. It's such a game & gets old after a while. Purchased a Tesla WOW, what a difference super easy, no upsell, no finance office tactics, once the vehicle arrived 4-6 weeks in and out in less than 10min! Last Ford was a hassle, haggle, haggle, not paying for the BS paint protection or interior protection they add to the price, games over price, prep, finance office up-sell, up-sell, they pull out all the stops in the finance office perhaps the worst part (we purchased noting other than the vehicle) then get the vehicle drive off 3-5 hours of 100% dealership BS at its best. Other manufactures need to follow the Tesla model of buying it's simple fast & easy will NEVER buy a car the old way again.
Buy from a reliable dealer.  I purchased my first Raptor in 2012 drove it for 7 years and over 100,000 miles.  Great truck. In Jan. 1019 I purchased a 2019 Raptor and now almost two years later, I love it as much as my first Raptor.  Purchased both of them from the same salesman at my local Ford dealer.  I had a fantastic experience both times and will buy from him again when I want a new Raptor.  As long as Ford continues to make Raptors, I will never buy anything else.
LMAO what's up with that A-pillar Roman? 5:49 That does not seem right. (So much for the non-COVID quality.) Are you sure FoMoCo is not still getting back at you for that leak?
If you ever need another Raptor or Ford in general, I'd be MORE THAN HAPPY to pop that bad boy on invoice! AND, before the paperwork starts, ALWAYS do a walk-around, check all functions, and ALWAYS check mileage and don't be afraid to ask questions! This, coming from a Ford Salesman.... 😎
The 2 worst vehicle buying experiences I have had (68 yrs old) is a Honda motorcycle and a Honda CR-V.  We did the paper work for the financing on the CR-V and they were supposed to be finding a charcoal one for me.  I have a brown one.  AND they couldn't find the second key.  The motorcycle was worst than that.  I think all these dealers go to the same school.
Honestly, dealership experience everywhere is seriously lacking. I buy cars and trucks pretty frequently because I love the experience different cars provide.   A big reason last year, I went with a Tesla was because it was, by far, the best car buying experience. I went in for test drive, the dude showed me around the car, went for a test drive, no pressure, no discussion of buying. He said if I was interested, I could order online or he could it for it, I said I’d think about it. Actually, I wanted a wrangler at that time so I  went to 4 different jeep dealers, same old games. First dealership said the specific wrangler I called to confirm was available was actually a special order for someone else. They only told me that one I got there, drove 20 minutes. Other dealers playing exhausting pricing games, offering discounts online but tacking on dealer add-ons.   I was getting fed up with all the jeep dealers. Two weeks later, I text my owner advisor and asked him for another test drive because I realized I hadn’t even tried autopilot on the initial test drive. He was super nice, I went for a long drive, he showed autopilot and it works on the Highway and streets etc. there’s still zero pressure to buy. I really wanted an off-road vehicle but I also like fast sporty cars and model 3 blew my mind. He reminded me I could cancel my order anytime before taking delivery and even return 7 days after purchasing. I ended up ordering it right then, we sat at a computer while he ordered it online. He gave me a trade in for my f150 without even looking at and told me they would match car max. 2 days later Tesla lowered the price by 2k, they automatically adjusted my price online, I didn’t even have to ask. 2 weeks later, my car was ready for delivery. They accepted my carmax appraisal because it was higher than their own. I went in and signed 4 papers, got a full demo of the car, no issues with the car, they never even inspected my trade in, just took the keys.   The 3 times I needed service, Tesla was great, one time they came to my house to fix the issue. All the service paper work is provided online. It’s been such easy and wonderful experience owning a Tesla even though I live in a apartment and don’t always have access to charging. I really hope other automakers allow for direct purchasing, I rather not work with any of these scum bag dealers.
Of course it was a bad experience!!  Unless it was a Dodge, TFL will have nothing good to say about it!!  LOL
People buying trucks at 2x price have more money than brains. That said the MSRP is stupid on new vehicles.
These guys are turning into a joke literally everything you bitched about in this video is your own fault.  You don’t look at and get information on your 77k truck
What does Colorado Law state for the allowable miles for a new car?  I thought it used to be 200 miles; anything more is technically Used.
My Chevy was only 8 (eight) miles when I purchased it
You always check the vehicle before you sign.  Don’t care if it hasn’t been PDI yet, check it!
Unfortunately to be a salesperson you need to sell your morality.
115k for a Raptor, my question and I’m a Ford Man, who’s going to pay a premium price for the 2nd place bad azz truck on the market, I understand the dealers wanting to make a good lick on the few left, but for the consumer that buys them, you just paid way over best truck price (TRX) for the runner up (Raptor). My son worked at a Mazda dealership in Dallas as a salesman, he said the management had no loyalty to the employees the employees hated the management and the customers were just cattle being slaughtered, get as much as you can out of them, play games and wring every penny out of them,,,,,,,,,, next, not a bit of concern about keeping customers, everybody gets screwed
Dealerships are outdated.   I've never encountered a salesman that was sufficiently educated on the product they're selling.    Carvana here we come.
Wow! Is that the Ford quality everyone braggs about!  I have a 2020 F150 and already has 2 recalls and infotainment screen goes blank in reverse.
Usually it's still new untill it has around 2k miles on it.  Depends on the dealership etc.  Sucks to see this happen to y'all though
Nothing to do with Covid just poor Ford workmanship
What do you mean relatively unpleasant? The only party that takes pleasure in any kind of vehicle sales is the dealership side, there is NEVER a buying party that can say "I had the money, I got what I wanted, how I wanted it and it was a pleasure". You are showing us the Buying experience, therefore there is no relativity there, we all know it sucks! Moving on!
Stealerships earning their name. Manufacturers should punish scummy stealerships pulling this. Learning this when shopping for a Type R, pretty simple I’m going to the dealer with no BS markup.
What did you expect it’s FORD.🤮🤮🤮
The first new vehicle I ever bought was a blue and white 1972 Ford F100, camper special, cost $3200 out the door. The prices today are nuts and says a lot of where we have come as a nation.
They feel like that they doing you a favor  selling your the truck 77 G unbelievable isn’t.
At least it's not a Land Rover Defender... No check engine light.
Scumbag stealerships. Its always fun buying a new vehicle but the whole ordeal is awful as stealerships try and wear you down by keeping you at the dealer for hours
Stop whining 2500 miles or less is considered new, and everything will be fixed under warranty. Jeez Buys a truck he hasn’t looked at them complains about it when he looks at it 🙄
I use to live in Lubbock and Raptors were always listed for 10K over sticker.
Should have just bought truck advertised as a "Used" truck and maybe saved some money
I wish these vehicles were available in right hand drive. I think there is a global demand for these trucks in diesels. For overlanding and off roading.
I could tell a far worse story than that and I didn't have the power of a YouTube channel. The dealer system has morphed into a criminal enterprise and no one pays any attention to it.
Covid-19 is still very much so going on
I have not had a good dealership experience this year either.  I've gotten the impression they are not interested selling. Unless you are willing to play games and overpay.
Also, I might be wrong but I think that dealership in Texas might have eithier broke or boderline broke some law. To me that would be false advertising.
BUILT FORD TOUGH 🤣😂
Stop trusting these losers they not telling you a thing!
Roman seems to have a thing for red vehicles. Well I guess I will have to admit that a Red Truck is easier to find at night. A plus if you work night shift.
Great story telling Roman. Hearing about your experiences gives us the chance to learn from you.  A recent experience on my end, bought a used 2019 f250 XLT with 6.7 in 03/2020 with 5k miles. I got it from a dealer 150 miles away. Negotiated price on phone and text.   I went to pick it up and did the visual inspection and test drive first. I noticed an AFE cold air intake and immediately told Sales Rep no deal as I was concerned about warranty.  Sales Rep got Service Manager to come and review it and guaranteed this wouldn’t void warranty.  It was a very good deal $17K off MSRP, I got it.   5k miles later check engine light comes on but no performance issue. Took truck to local dealer to find out engine is is operating out of spec bc it was getting to much air which caused EGR failure. To FORD’s credit they fixed EGR and reflashed CPU to accommodate extra air flow and covered under warranty.  Not all dealerships are stealerships.
And just who's bright idea was it to buy a 77k truck sight unseen, undriven? I would never do that no matter how far away it was.
You guys need to get with Matt Beaver he just got streetspeed717 a raptor for like 70k he get a lot of guys cars on YouTube even cars that aren’t chevrolets
boo to ADM
Due diligence.
Car buying guy who works for AAA 😂😂 .... old people stuff
It’s sad and disappointing that dealerships for the most part give the manufacturers a horrible name.
I bet those 1300 miles were very hard driven test miles!  🤪
This is why I won’t buy from a dealership. They are scam artist and terrible business people. I bought my tacoma used from an old man and I bought my land cruiser and won’t ever need another vehicle
There us no way I would pay that type of money for those trucks!
So let me get this right you paid 2020 price for a 2019 model 😏
Such a poor experience. The best part of the story is when the dealership in Lubbock had an "oh sh!t" moment and realized just who you guys were and magically made the "market adjustment" of $10k disappear! But to pick this truck up with over 1000 miles(and who's to say those weren't "rough" miles on a brand new truck), some ham handed individual already breaking the mirror adjustment, AND missing a key doesn't bode well for a buyer. The dealer should cut/program you a key asap and just take the lost. Beautiful truck though!
I know where the 1st 500 miles came from 🤫🤫🤫. Lol. As long as no body in the back your good!. But the Trx will dominate!
You can tell who’s riding in a bank owned mini van in these comments, when you go to a real dealership (not the little discount auto place with a chain link fence) a vehicle can be considered “new” if it’s under 3k miles, that’s legally allowed, now kids, if that upsets you then test drive it, or just ask about the mileage, it’s not on the dealer if you don’t check things or ask 🤷🏼‍♂️
Why I will never buy a new vehicle (or RV): 1. Price. 2. Having to deal with dealerships for warranty issues.
Either all car dealers are shitty or if you just have the worse luck
In the early summer of '19 we bought a "new" 2018 Accord Sport with 3k miles on it.  It was titled as a new car, and we were the first owners but - in this case the dealership was completely forthcoming and told us ahead of time.  It had been a demo car for the new Accords for said dealer, so never had been titled.  We paid $21k for it and again - everything was brand new according to the DMV, but as it had 3k miles the dealer put the Honda CPO warranty on it to give us the extra warranty miles.  It was all kind of weird in retrospect.   Worked out great for us because we traded it a year later (this past July) for a Lexus and got a trade of.. $21,500 for it.    Difference is the dealer in our case was completely forthcoming and went out of their way to be honest about it, where yours.. was not.  I'm sure it would be a different tune if they would have told you from the outset.   My 2020 F-150 had.. 51 miles on it I think when I picked it up for the test drive?  When I bought it two hours later it had 79 miles on it from me driving it around.  I could see 1,000 miles between demo/test drives of the truck being on a lot or two for a year, and going from Hastings to Denver.  Again - they should have been transparent about it.
You can't expect them to last forever. My guess is that truck has seen some real aggressive test drives. It's only 500 miles from original dealer where did the other 500  come from? It already had a birthday which seems odd because they're such a hot commodity. Since you sell them after a year it's not a big deal but I  wouldn't trust that thing for long term.
I recommend honing your vehicle negotiating skills by watching My Auto Advocate.  Old school dealer provides instructions in buying and leasing vehicles.  Not affiliated with them, but I took his advice and saved thousands on a new truck.
Your guys car buying juju needs some help! You need to sacrifice the  Defender to the car gods and hope they are pleased. ☠
You should have bought a power wagon to review
Man I feel sorry for you guys.... for a channel that specializes in reviewing cars, it surprises me that you didn’t inspect the unit before singing the paperwork. That a use car for amount of miles on and the broken mirror switch. I’m sorry to say but they got you. Sorry guys.
I had a bad dealership experience buying my used 2017 Tacoma. I had called dealership about a 2017 model they had on Facebook. I get there and they tell me the truck isn’t on their lot it’s in another state I told them why they would even post it on their fb as for sale when that dealership is it’s own fb. Basically they wanted to push a brand new 2020 Tacoma on me I got mad and left if I would’ve stayed I would’ve lost a fuse 😅
I've bought many a vehicle in my day. First off, a vehicle can be sold as new as long as it has not been registered. Thus, it could have thousands of miles on it, if it's never been registered, it's technically new. (Think dealer demo), with full warranty. It's not all that uncommon, as I deliver brand new RVs for manufacturers and will put 1400-2200 miles just driving them from manufacturing plant to dealer. Secondly, I have never purchased a vehicle where an odometer statement was not presented and signed, prior to payment. If that is falsified or misrepresented,  it is a crime and punishable to the seller. That would have been your first chance to know about miles, even sight unseen. What did it say? Lastly, it obviously was not enough of an issue to reject the delivery, which you can do even after payment but before you drive off the lot, so why mention it?
I tried to buy a 2018 raptor a few years ago. I wanted a base model one. My local ford dealer said they would charge an extra $5k over msrp. When I asked why they said that's what the other dealers are selling for.  My local dealer only gets 2-3 a year though.
This is why they should make it so manufacturers can sell directly to customers like tesla, dealerships only markup prices and dick over customers.
Saaame thing with stuuupid Toyota Supra. Totally false advertising.
Sounds used to me it I would take it back ask for your money back those bastards wonder why car salesmen are called liters
Good news it’s already broke in ( or just broke).
You just seem deflated after all of the defender issues haha..get motivated, you’re driving a raptor
Look on the bright side, Ford recommends you drive 1K miles before towing.  Your new truck is ready for the Ike Gauntlet.
That right there is the problem with buying a vehicle without seeing it first let alone not taking it for a test drive. I recent (2 days ago) went and looked at a 20' F-150. It was the only one within 100 miles that had everything I wanted on it, including color. When I got there the first thing I noticed was several deep scratches in the bed, and one on the tailgate. They told me they would get that fixed for me, but I declined because who wants to buy a new truck that has already been in the body shop? Then they offered a discount on top, but since I was already not happy told them no thanks and I left.
Legally, less than 1,500 miles is considered new. They likely dealer traded from a dealer that let a bunch of people test drive it. You typically see more miles on limited models like this because, well, they're limited. 1,000 is definitely high but Hastings isn't exactly a big market though. One or the other dealer cheaped out on transport as Hastings is 400 miles away. That being said, warranty and lease mileages are calculated from the odo reading at time of sale. It's pittens though when you saved a minimum of 10k on the lack of market adjustment. I'm sure you weren't that lucky on the TRX. The second key not being at the dealer should have been disclosed to you at the time of sale, and the mirror button should have been discovered during delivery, as mirror adjustment to the driver is a very basic component. I still know some of the guys down there, who was your salesperson?
Your problem was also dealing with anyone else than the general manager directly.  That is what I ALWAYS do
1976 ford with a 400 cleveland in it was the last new ford I owned, it had a crumpled up sandwich bag with a mtn dew can and half a peanut butter and jelly sandwich in the door when I went to repair the window that kept coming off the track. I'm not impressed with new fords either. Or any other manufacturer either, you spend thousands customizing new trucks and they still don't last 10 years or run right.
So are you thinking that the Land Rover isn't as bad as you thought?
Try AutoTempest.  Everything in one place.  At least useful for cross reference
Fords are junk be thankful it runs
They dont call them stealerships for nothing
Just buy a trailboss with the 6.2 cam it supercharge it and kick the shit out of both the ford and the dodge for a lot cheaper
San Leandro CA Ford dealer pissed me off so bad.  Ecoboost engine leaked oil at the oil pan 3 times, they couldn’t fix it and the  service advisor actually told me to go somewhere else.
That experience sucks when I was looking at a ram rebel when they first came out I found a dealer selling one that they took to a rodeo event it had 1500-1800 miles on it they didn’t want to budge at all on the price since they said it’s still new😂🤷‍♂️🤦‍♂️🙄
Good to know that Ford dealers are sticking with their customer service model from the 70s.
Look at the top of the windshield and the roof line. In the video it looked funny. It might just be my old eyes. But near the end of the video when you were standing next to the truck. At that angle it looks crooked like the ford dealers you felt with.
Just buy a toyota man unless u like the content you are getting out of broken trucks
they do the same here. Throw dealer plates on them, don't register them. Call them demos or shop manager trucks and won't budge on price or even consider them used because they were never registered. Worst one I saw was a black Silverado with 20,000 miles and advertised as "new".
Maybe it’s the angle, but that driver side A pillar exterior trim looks quite misaligned there near the end of the video.
Love you guys but the idea of buying a Raptor that isn't even made anymore to a TRX you haven't got yet seems really irrelevant.  Just wait.
They might not give you any money for the extra mileage, but that doesn't mean you can't haggle some services.. Ask for free oil changes for x years.
Got conned huh ?
You have been very unlucky with all your recent acquisitions. I hope it gets better from here on.
The six figure dad problems are real....
Stop moving the carem when filming at your dest
1100 miles on a “new” truck ?!? You should feature it in you high mileage series.   Joking aside, I’d of passed on that one. Too many miles for a new truck price.
Hey guys I know these people risked covid to help make these trucks,  but be careful of defects...although this particular truck was built pre-covid shutdown just be careful lol!  Sure that wont hurt sales at all.
What bothers me about dealer mark-up is that many people BRAG about how much they paid for their car. $110,000 a Raptor is very crazy. It's not even a rare truck here in Arkansas.
Just wait for the 2021 model geez
Just curious,  how you sell every year without losing your shorts?
Lol at the $995 "protection package"  Huge scam. DEMAND that gets taken off if you ever buy a vehicle
How annoying!  I both love cars/trucks, yet HATE the buying process.  Why do I have a feeling that second key will be tougher to come by than simply being at the other dealership?
Guess you should always look at what your buying before buying it. Sounds like this is on you guys. Should always check it out first.
Fix Or Repair Daily
If you're the type that likes to trade in trucks every 3-5 years, the Raptor is a great buy. Luxury truck and desert runner, but net loss on depreciation is comparable to an XL work truck.  Sorry you had such a crummy buying experience. Looks like the time to buy a Raptor is one to two years into production cycle.
Dude - how are you paying for a new vehicle without checking it out yourself first? TFL goes over every feature in great detail so why would you not do that before you buy?
Pretty astute truck buyer.
It may have been built in 11/19 but it may have been made as a 2020 model even though it was made before 2020.
for what you pay for a brand new raptor you can build a better truck for less money. And your not stuck with ford only. Raptor is awesome, but I’m a tech so I look at cars trucks different.
This is the defender curse! You need to sell that first
This Roman always hating on Ford
Definitely a used truck. The east coast still has a ton of new raptors either at sticker or marked down.
That was definitely not the best dealer.
I got my 2019 F250, it is had a little more than 300 miles on it. It was still listed as a new truck.
Hastings Ford! Hey I’m from there, kool-aid town
vehicles have become so complex that they are broken before you buy them..
Isn’t there an odometer disclosure statement that has to be signed when you purchase a vehicle in Colorado? Here in Illinois it’s one of the 10 or so forms that you have to sign when purchasing a new or used vehicle.
Car dealers, the only people who shed their skin once a year🐍
Trusting a stealership to be honest with you?! Yikes
Is'nt the dealership experience great!!
Almost as bad as buy a Land Hover...
Roman says, I’ve got a great car guy. Car guy sends 2 Raptors overpriced that anyone could have found. Roman searches for trucks,finds  his own Raptor. Great car guy!
Raptor looks great, Roman.
Pretty common issues here regardless of MAKE... I worked at a dealership and seen these issues before. The dealer sends a driver to wherever for the desired vehicle, then drives it back.  A  dealer might add miles by  even driving a sought after auto as a sale manager demo car on dealer plates because they know they can still sell it with a few miles on it. BUT its still a new until the paperwork and  registration! You could have a car on lot for over a year and still be "new" especially if it's a model the dealer sat on for markup or ? Dealer trades often leave items (keys) behind and the old dealer usually doesn't care.. they aren't making profit any more!  But.. if you have a good dealership near by, hopefully they will step up in service and redeem this purchase for you! It's a nice truck and I'm looking forward to the comparisons
car salesmen can be the worst..  The mark up is ridicules 110k-111k  ? cmon man.....crazy
Compared to the defender this was nothing
There is another Youtuber who attempted to buy a GMC Sierra 2500 HD in Alabama.  The truck was hard to find and they negotiated a purchase agreement with the truck and his trade in....he drove two hours to finalize the purchase and then they said his trade's tires were bald.  They weren't And the buyer decided to walk away from the purchase because the dealer wanted $1,300 for tires.  All of this was recorded and put on YT.  You would think in the age of social media dealers would be a bit more careful about playing these games.
On average, I typically get a new vehicle every 2 years. I have had very poor experiences in the past with Ford. I had a 2015 F150, 2016 Expedition, & 2017 F150 that had numerous quality issues. Our rear diff went out on the Expedition at 3k miles. My F150's had a lot of small issues, but worst among them were front hubs would try to engage and grind randomly going down the road. In any case, I have switched to FCA (2019 Wrangler Rubicon) and am thinking Silverado Trailboss 6.2L for my next purchase. Ford has lost my business.  With a combination of poor quality, rigid lease structure (won't allow me to sell the lease early like most other OEMs),  and how they have treated TFL lately (the Bronco situation), Ford has completely lost my interest. In the next six months, I will be buying a full-size truck and a full-Size body on frame SUV, and the only thing I know for sure is they won't be Fords.
South Florida sells them still at a sticker.
Welcome to Raptor ownership again!!!!!
Nice truck, should have bought a Toyota lol.
At least we now know you aren’t a real car guy. I would’ve gotten the truck and my $$ back for that BS. You act like it’s NBD.
You guys are being mild to your local dealer, they're lucky you don't actually name them and reslly put them down. Here in Europe it's the same with car dealers, unfotunately.      RAM is now European (Italian) FIAT (biggest car maker in the world and owner of Chrysler) has a not-so-good reputation when it comes to service....
5* tune raptor vs trx
I blame that on the dealership. When I bought my raptor I was in and out in 30 minutes and there was no markup.
I can’t believe they drove it 500 miles to deliver it to the dealership. Most other people put it on a trailer to get it to you. That is messed up.
Awesome truck. Keep an eye on the oil. I have a 2019 and it needed new valve covers and gaskets. It was consuming oil. There’s a TSB about it.
Lack of integrity from that dealer would cause me to not buy
Dealerships ALWAYS jack up the Raptor price $10K - 20K once the Raptor hits the lot. Over priced.  Goes to show, even car guys can get screwed by the games dealerships play.
Squirrel! Nice truck
New truck should be shipped not driven. I would refuse it and found another one. Should have got a discount. It's a used new truck.
You're team is having a hard time buying new vehicles lately 😕  holy crap.
It's not new, they can't sell it as new, get your money back and buy another one or don't buy one at all.
Well I am not surprised at all.When I was shopping for my 2019 all local dealerships wanted 10k over sticker.Not gonna happen.Any dealer that thinks it’s ok to Steal that kind of money does not belong in business and I can only hope it catches up with them.I bought mine for under invoice.I drove 600 miles to get it and it had 8 miles on the odometer.Now once I got it home and started really going over it and the rear differential was leaking,brake fluid was seeping out of the rear brake line on the drivers side,the window felt liners were missing on the inside.Everthing was fixed but it did take a month to get all the parts.I ended up having more issues after and decided to move on.Traded truck with less than 2k on it.I think it was built on Friday 😂.
thats what you get for junk
It just like u cant be happy for nothing u buy anymore.... And is not jut for cars....
New fords are all junk
Ford dealers ........ why even buy old model Raptor? Buy TRX then use some one else’s Raptor to test against TRX . Then buy 2021 Raptor
Lol, Ford; up to your old tricks... fix or repair daily still A fitting moniker.😉
Being a little petty.  I’ve always had something that had to be fixed on a new truck. That’s what the tip to tail warranty is for. And as for milage. 500 mi transfer and 500 miles of test driving over a year is minimal Thats 10 miles a week
Never drop the cheque till you physically view the vehicle. I would not be happy with 1000 miles in fact I'd want full refund, it's used now.
It's these types of situations that give dealers a terrible reputation. They clearly knew the vehicle had a thousand miles on it but they didn't bother to tell you.
We now live in a time where the people that make and sell these products like trucks cannot even afford to buy them... Which means quality will suffer. I bet most the guys that put that 1000 miles on the truck were detailers and sales guys making 17 bucks an hour.... Hahahha
That’s very frustrating!
Got to love dealer makeup
Still much more reliable than the lr defender
RAM TRX > raptor
Apparently Roman never heard of CarGuru.com  Plenty of sub-100 miles Raptors, sub-$90k and lower.  Also, aren't you supposed to first press the left side mirror button, then use the directional one to adjust the mirror?   Anyway, those guys at the dealership are crooks!
What have we learned here, don’t spend 77k on something you haven’t even looked at in person.
When the 2021 V8 powered Raptor is launched order that Return the lemon
That dealer scammed you....but now a days wat dealers don't scam ppl
I would've went to the sales manager and let him have an earful. The least that they could do is throw in some freebies - free car washes, oil changes, something to make you happy...
At least it would do a better job than the Defender
I can’t wait till we can buy our new cars from Costco and Walmart and finally put these creeps to rest! Down with dealerships!
Don't believe it, they sold you a used truck, such BS!
I'm in the market for a new pickup.  This really gets me thinking about managing risk purchasing online which seems to be so easy nowadays.  Thanks for making this video.
Is every video you people do just bitching and moaning?
That’d be frustrating Roman! First thing I’d do before dropping that’s kind of money on a truck is check the mileage. Up here in Canada many dealers are selling “new” trucks with 500-1000kms on them!! That’s not new. <50kms is new!! Still a sharp truck ya got there!
Never buy any vehicle without seeing it first. You're at fault for all these issues. The dealership will always screw you somehow. That's how they make money.
Yikes! My new CX-5 had like 15 miles on it. I'd have been pretty upset if it had over a 1000. As for that dealership that tried to sell you that Raptor over their advertised price online. That's illegal -at least it is here in Canada.
Interesting! No wonder why i didn't see any on any lot... Selling my Raptor for a F-150 Roush. Thanks guys for the info.
My dealer always tells me where my new trucks are coming from. That is the nicest colour on a Ford. Looks real good Roman. All your hard work on the channel seems to be paying off very well!
OMFG, I’m furious after watching this video. Good job, Ford! 🤬
Buying and service experience make all the difference.
Wow!!! That's a really nice truck right there, congrats TFL
My 2019 Tundra that I leased had 500 miles on it when I picked it up, I get what you are saying.
You are get 2 product failure like the defender and f-150
1000 hard miles on it. I’d sell it and profit.
Buying a new vehicle is exciting. The process and experience, not so much.
Are you gonna hold on to it til you get your ram? Otherwise I don’t see what else you can do with it that you didn’t with your last one.
1000 miles is not a brand new truck.
That price is BEYOND ridiculous
These car dealers know how popular these Raptors are, so they are jacking up the prices so they can make more money
Cool purchase!  Maybe the prices are up because SS717 bought one and has been beating up on it on his YouTube channel 😆
You aren’t having much luck with your new vehicles.
I’m a RAM guy myself.
You guys are cursed
Howdy you all... I love your channel, but spending that ridiculous amount of money on a truck... it is a real turn-off.  What is the point?  Here is a vehicle which 99.9999 % of people cannot afford, or want to afford.  You turned your F250, into another $100,000 monster.... too much, too much.  What you really should do, and I think so many people would agree, buy a used 4 or 5 year old truck, then do many BUDGET upgrades... THEN do a comparison.  While $100,000 trucks are spectacular, you are pricing yourself out of the realm.  Just saying
That Ford 250 looks amazing 😍🖤🔥
4 days old comments on a 15 minute old video?
You could have waited! Would be nice to know how Ford answers the TRX!
Correction: The Ford Dealership in Hastings, Nebraska contacted us and said they never had this truck in their possession but that it came from a dealership in Kansas. The dealership we purchased the truck from fixed the Raptor and now the mirror switch works.
Congratulations on the new truck and really looking forward to the comparison to the TRX! Thanks again for being so open and candid as always which is one of the reasons TFL is tops. 👍
This is existing! I'm sorry to hear about the problems
