What's with the subtitles at around 7:30?
Me recommended this video when AI reasoning models are mainstream
please tell me i wasn't the only one who had "where is my mind" by The Pixies play instinctively in my head the second he did the intro LOL
Logic can absolutely  be used in everything in every way in life lol that's false.  the real issue is standard IQ is 100 so the average person is not logical.
13:15 This is much of what's frustrating about discussing dating behavior: people don't even remember the choices that they made, and they just post hoc rationalize them after the fact. So it's really rather difficult to get a grap on what's going on
The key is that people aren't robots that act according to some program. We are and always will be unpredictable to a degree, which is the entire reason game theory exists. If Julius could foresee that he would be stabbed, do you think he would've done things differently?
And then he said “What if reasoning wasn’t built for what we’ve become” holy shit
Damn~ Good conclusion :)
The comment sections below all the videos prove that true democracy will make the world a great place
Okay you're pro a.i gov takeover. So we are the working/monitoring class to accomplish more technology in whose vision?!? The a.i's?
14:12 Yes I do
26:00 i do agree with this and i am suprised it hasn't already happened
We traded reason for capitalism.
I can't say this with enough emphasis... Go FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFUCK yourself. We are not buying into this death cult culture. Human beings are not problems. Life is sacred. Fuck you. Fuck Bill Gates. Fuck all of the global elites who want to replace us with AI and androids. Unsubbed.
No
29:20 goosebumps
“I partnered with Bill Gates” one of the worst polluters on the planet and someone who wants us to starve and eat bugs.
no "ba dummmmmm" after the "or is it?" :(
Bill gates betrayed vsauce and us with his new statements on climate change
So interesting 😮
GOAT BEEN WATCHING FOR YEARS!!! 🐐
Bullshit.
All elephants are awesome tho, we all agree on this it’s just fact
back in my day the only reason was just "eat microbe"
0:07 Way out in the water. See it swimming? 😂
1:28 "Frantic Blur of flesh and concrete" that's a dope name for a death metal band
Did I hear you say you did this with bill gates? Same guy poisoning the world, buying up us farmland, and telling us there needs to be less people? That’s unfortunate I used to like this channel.
In the future, everyone will be the president for 15 minutes.  I've been working on a system that Michael has been talking about, for years. I think society is almost to a point where I can start trying to implement it. I call it "DDD" Dynamic Digital Democracy." Using the technology we already have, you can represent yourself in government.  WE DON'T NEED POLITICIANS ANYMORE  @vsauce
12:17 problem is, people can't reason and look at the facts. They listen to assholes who say it's a democratic hoax. The ONLY person who didn't attend that big world wide meeting about climate change, and instead the fucking GOVENOR OF CALIFORNIA WENT.  Everybody in America absolutely lost their fucking MINDS.  I can't help but think that I'm DEFINITELY right and they're DEFINITELY wrong. HE's DEFINITELY a lying con artist. There's not a chance in hell that I'm not right. Yet they scream that I'm brainwashed. I feel like reasoning just doesn't exist here man. Not anymore... Fucking elect a reality star, get a fucking reality show for a country. Embarrassing. I'm definitely right. Period. He doesn't care about people, it's a FACT. I'm able to use my reasoning skills and see that when somebody REFUSED to release peoples food stamps to them even after being ordered by a federal judge?!? Why did it even have to get ordered?? what the fuck does he lose if people got their food stamps? Why did he say he wanted to only give people half and then still not send shit out when he was supposed to? How can he get away with all this? Serioulsy. What did he have to lose if people in America, 1 in 5 children in america, got to eat? At this point he just wants to see people suffer, period. And I don't see how I'm not right. I don't see how I'm not the only one, and the people who agree with me, aren't the only ones using reasoning skills.... WE ARE. WERE THE ONLY ONESS!!! Anyone who didn't vote for this monster used their reasoning skills... anybody who did? They just plain don't have reasoning skills.... They can't see the most obvious lies ever. It's ridiculous. America got so gross. I feel like I'm using my reasoning skils to come to that conclusion. hah.
6X
we aren't animals.
In other words, as with so many things, the solution is to have more third spaces.
Straightforward and helpful.
...is in AI
this position destroys knowledge completely
No, people are stupid.
Now AI reasons for humans
Lets rip up concrete and plant trees and use hover buses to get around anywhere theres a made clearing to land
Very interesting, keep it coming!
Systems thinkers are the only ones able to develop such solutions
14:00 the subtitles is incorrect there
Bill Gates' wife left him over his association with Epstein before the revelations were even public
5:07 REFERENCE TO TUBRING?!?!?!?! TUBRING REFERENCE?!?!?! Tubring is such a great band.
Let me ask you a simple question please? But, you speak of all this apocalyptic pollution stuff about all the emissions and everything else that is condemning us to certain extinction; and, you have aligned yourself with a man who also loves to champion this narrative..... What I would like to know is how much are you profiting by this hypocritical nonsense; or, are you just suffering from that same situational dilemma you warn of regarding rational thinking. Why do I ask? How did Mr. Gates make all of his money? Tech. And, if you are worried about pollution and emissions maybe you should talk to him and tell him and his tech buddies to stop building these absolutely ridiculous and outlandishly resource hungry "Data Centers" all over the world. Data Centers used to power the technology that will soon negate the need for humans to do many tasks. Which at first may sound wonderful, until you realize that the only individuals who win from this are those who have millions and billions in the bank whilst the rest of society, the other 99.9% of the population goes from being ignorant slaves to useless pests. You speak of zero emissions and do you know how much power is needed to run a high tech data center? Are you aware where this power comes from and how it is made? Well, let me tell you its not from zero emissions friendly power plants (because those do not exist even with nuclear energy; which only makes up a small portion of that power anyways). And, lets not even talk about the water required to keep all those servers and processors cool! Maybe that is why Mr. Gates, the CEO of Nestle, and Mr. Blackrock are purchasing up all the farm land sitting atop aquifers and thereby the water rights that come with those properties. While at the same time, they are purchasing, funding, and leasing out (taking full control of) all the infrastructure from where the water is sourced, to the pipes that transport it, to the treatment facilities and utilities, all the way up to the new smart meters (meters that can be strictly monitored from a safe distance; and, worse still, water meters that can be completely shut off at the drop of a dime.) If you think water is a commodity that should be owned by billionaires: you support the subjugation and total control of the elites over the masses and hand them the keys to humanity's existence, purpose, and function. This is the most hypocritical, non-rational, absolutely deceptive video I have seen in a while, and one-hundred percent propaganda. Shame on you....
Except the little fish bump into me, swear he′s tryin′ a talk to me
If paul mary and Peter are standing in a line and Mary is married...when Mary blinks her eyes she won't see peter in front only paul looks at mary that second... because 2 people can't blink at the same time...that means paul is looked at mary and both are married... that means if 3 of them are in a line while Mary blinks a married person is looking at a married person...I'm right😊😊
I one day had the idea of a mechanism of lottocracy    thought independently by myself     exactly to avoid the huge propaganda part of politics and all the other bad things of politicians
the first 2 minutes are straight poetry dude
Or the fact global warming might be beneficial to certain countries… Or the issue of authoritarianism and the challenge of convincing those dictators to do anything that isn’t 100% selfish… How do you convince an authoritarian who only cares about themselves and staying in power to stop burning co2 producing fuels?… They might not care about something that won’t affect them in their lifetime…   Also how bad is global warming truly going to be… Will the effects truly be existential, or just a small impact for many countries, and also benefit many instead? Could global warming actually increase the fertility and growing season for many countries? How is the increase in temperature so bad when in the past our planet was much hotter than it is now, and plants and animals thrived in that environment? Could global warming actually save us from plunging into the depths of this ice age like it was 50k-10k years ago? Would global warming actually be better than falling deeper into this current ice age where all of Canada would/was under ice a mile thick again? Just curious if those studying global warming have taken this all into account? Are they sure higher temps would really be all that bad for most countries, how certain are they of their predictions? Surely many northern countries and southern countries will actually benefit from global warming? Just a bit curious as to whether or not scientists have taken the unequal effects of global warming, and which countries might actually really benefit from the rise in temperatures into account?
There isn't any.
Brings back memories
11:17 water is good Lloyd is water Lloyd is good
You lost me when you said you were partnering with Bill Gates.
11:06 "immediately" is incorrectly spelled "immedaitely" in the subtitles.
Are you sure? By the way some people vote,  I am not sure people are good at using their mind to solve problems. They just want to follow and have someone else solve problems for them.. Or at least claim have someone claim that they will solve their problems for them when they give them more power and take away little chips of freedoms and rights.
One of the most frustrating details of this video is how Michael so often shows the clear, overt effects of how Capitalism is also a hyperobject influencing other hyperobjects. Literally every aspect of Global Warming can be associated towards justifying the current economic structure of exploitation.
0:05 I don't know, I feel like my feet are in the air and my heads on the ground...
the problem is capitalism. only  a socialist economic base can prevent the subordination of humans and nature under the profitmotive of capital
Some people still can’t define what a woman is 😂 I like the optimism tho
11:47 lol they weren’t talking about you Michael. They said all elephants are awesome not all Michaels are you. It is true bc it’s their pov.
9:46 maybe bc our eyes evolved and chose us as the vehicle for reason.
Watching this after bill gates said climate change is negligible yikesssssssssssssssss
Hey sorry but does anyone get this in their recommended next video?? No hate but this is annoying I can’t fix it
Watching this again now that I found spirituality is really nice. He explains ego through science brain
the larq water pitcher
"reconnect with the obvious. wake up from the dream. there's no need to think ahead." - the buddha.
The 'reason' you are confused is because the still think that reason is personal.
11:38 - awesome: to inspire awe (surprise) into some. All elephants are awesome. At least, by accepted pattern of truth.  20:34  - I can debunk the theory. I gained my reasoning separate from social necessity. Kind of. It was necessary for me to have a better reasoning than afforded by society to survive society, so in a way, social necessity contributed. But not as much as my need to understand certain concepts to do the things that I truly want to do. I need to know those things in a way that I can relate to (reason) in order to know their potential.  27:50 - you assume we evolved reason and reason didn't evolve us. The planet needs to balance its momentums somehow while having so many (relatively) free particles changing those momentums.
I think its fair to say that social conservatism has in whole destroyed logic and reason. Honeslty its more of a severe mental health disorder than poltical ideology,  having more in common with schizophrenia than say coherent poltical beliefs.
I come back to this video every once in a while because it reminds me of the impact and importance our minds have on the state of the world. Brilliant stuff.
Thanks mike you're way too gentle
Tx tycoon Mx
I've been thinking for a while now that the complexity of advanced civilization and the unsuitability of human minds to address the problems it presents is the Great Filter. I suspect it's the case for any minds out there formed by natural selection.  I don't really how lottocracy really solves our problems. You'll just get a semi-representative sample thats gonna end up voting as a block based on their own bias. It's just what we have now on a smaller scale.  Reason might not have evolved to find truth, but it turns out to be great at it. What we need is to get find a better way to insure it is what informs our decision.
You touched an issue, but then missed a hugely important nuance: we don't share premises; however, not all premises can be proven. In fact, unproven self-evident premises HAVE to be accepted in order to even begin using reason.  There are things that we know, that we don't know how we know them, and we cannot prove them through reasoning. If we tried using reasoning to prove all premises, we would go in an infinite recursion of syllogisms and never reach anything.  You mentioned that we start with conclusions and then use reasoning to get there, but that is a pessimistic twist that doesn't always apply. We start with Knowledge, with a capital K. Things we just know. The most universally accepted, but not the only one, is the fact that we exist. This fact isn't proveable through reason. There is absolutely no way to prove to someone else through reason alone that you exist. You need the premise that you even know what existence means. Existence is a premise you need to accept to reach conclusions through logic; it is not itself a conclusion, unlike how Descartes tried (and failed) to prove it.  The crazy thing about all of this is that there can be people who are aware of truths that not everyone is subject to, and they can't prove it. It should open your mind to interesting possibilities, even if you don't positively believe in them. Make you humble, at the very least.
Am I the only one who thinks that Michael uploads the scripts straight to the subtitles
our minds are in jars on the shelves just next to the brick wall in the lab of an ineffable egotistical yet generous (some say benevolent) figure...our universe on the other hand is on a petri dish with needles poking on its surface that appeared to resemble black holes...or as Atlas came by to say Hi...we are in the midst of the Great Flush in the whirlpool of galaxies, and we just said hi to one big fibrous floatie...anyone who doubted alll that I just said, PROVE to me otherwise
I spend way too much time online, but this was genuinely phenomenal content. I literally applauded in my bedroom and I promise I'm not usually like that 😂
This video is biased
😮
How do we offset carbon emissions?  You mean ‘how do THEY offset them’ Well you tax the crap out of the underlings, make a profit and keep all those emissions going same as before
There's a great blog by tim urban on this, Title is: the Fermi paradox
21:32 oof… present tense didn’t age well here circa 2025 😅
Kinda funny how this fits in the Christian paradigm, and not the atheists.
Your boss doesn't need a reason
I like the idea of a Lottocracy, I say we do that instead.
OK, buddy good for you. Keep on learning or whatever. I'm out.
Jesus loves you
*hits blunt*  Intuition... Gut feeling... Going with your gut...  Our intestinal flora, our intestinal microbiome, that's where our minds are.
I disagree
Facts & Logic
Vsauce please come back the milk already, your children need you.
Wisdom of the Krauts
14:12 you dont? i do for emotions like when someone is upset
The Future Of Reasoning could not even belong to humans
This is hitting a little harder than I remember lol
the problem it would seem is that reasoning never even comes into play. There's a general extremely greedy selfishness, with a complete lack of empathy, and thats almost all there is in mainstream western society. This is what's going to lead to our downfall ultimately. Plenty of smart folks out there screaming about what the evidence shows, and plenty of sociopaths that wouldn't give an inch to save a mile.
26:16 honestly this doesn’t seem so bad given that the newly elected leader of the “free world” instantly turned it to a fascist police state.
It’s ironic that bill gates would write a book like that given that Microsoft is building massive AI data centers that are consuming more water than some entire countries do.
thank you
Is virality an emergent lottocracy? Corporations have attempted to coopt it of course, but its an interesting thought
I knew it, you took the 30 pieces of silver. Just like Veritassium, Mark Rober and Kurtsgezagt you took Gate's money to push his NWO agenda. Shame on you Michael, your soul is worth infinitely more than whatever he gave you. The nonsense he pushes is for control, not to aid humanity. I don't need to convince anyone of this, we'll live long enough to see where this road ends.
These videos feel like a full historically relevant book all in just 30 min
Totally incorrect, VSauce. The amount of concrete poured is part of anthropogenic mass extinction, which is destroying the entire biosphere. WTFU!
save
I think we've seen the future of reasoning in the few years since this video was made. Reason is dead
Going to No Kings tomorrow
Really it's going to be just who want to kill you
Pipe dreams
Rhar aint going to work
1 for every country in my opinion, unless it’s a race like the European Grand Prix of Pacific Grand Prix. There shouldn’t be 2 in Italy or 2 in Spain either
I'm getting that "life was simple back then" feeling by watching this 🤔
12:30 I think I might be the opposite, too helpful but I guess it also makes falses
Any heavy jewish people looking to  engage in beastiality hmu
Brains are smart. People though, not so much.
14:30 autism go brrrr
This was a fantastic follow up video after "The truth about psychedelics (you're not supposed to know)" by I am Rey.  Win YT algorithm. I am a changed person this fine morning at ... 4:20am.  I'm not just trying to be funny, that was legit the time I just looked at
got this recommended again so u know i gotta watch again
G4tes is death. He wants to lower the population, acts on our f00d and v4ccines.
This video is a bit dull by Vsauce standards. Yes I understand that human beings are currently facing a crisis of how to reason, but where are the bonkers tangents that Vsauce always launches into and then launches again from there?  And does Billy Microsoft truly care about the oceans one day boiling over or is he just orchestrating a PR excercise for his legacy?
Brilliant but optimistic
You're Welcome.
This guy has too much free time😭
it's blown onto the ceiling
this guys channel makes me existential and nihilistic
13:56 That reminds me of how LLM models work nowaday
oh yuhppp ik that was some gas
It's out there in the ocean
This is definitely 4 years old! His reasoning is FLAWED! Due to lack of current evidence of intelligent life outisde of earth. Today, his statement is immediately disproven. Please contact me and I will explain how to create quatum results for the direction you desire. I can prove it scientifically, statistically, empirically, and emphatically. I will help the world in unprecedented ways for the postive with this knowledge. ⚡️✨️💫
Michael smokes
trying to use logic to disprove logic is one of the most ironic and uncientific things Ive seen in a while, we are going back to the dark ages.
hall of fame youtube video
I learned a lot from this.
4:00
Wow
We need our carbon emissions to be zero. So use the thunderstorm generator. It’s the solution that’s been hidden for ages and now it’s finally back. Once you see what I’m talking about, you can see exactly who’s who. There IS NO carbon emission problem. We’re being had folks
A possible answer to the riddle is "Not enough information to decide", as we can't say whether Mary is a person or not 😂 If she is a dog, then no, a married person is not looking at an unmarried person, but we don't have that info.
If we extend that to actual politics… We have currently a big problem which is the lack of communication between the left and right I don’t care who you are, don’t close yourself when you talk to someone that think the opposite of your thoughts
Bare in mind this video was made by a brain.. and also your brain is processing this comment. - A brain               You are NOW aware of your BREATHING and BLINKING  - My brain ;)  The mind is fascinating   ^
Nothing evolves for any purpose
A problem solved is a problem caused - Karl Pilkington  (Paraphrased)
"We just knew they were upset, without having to think about it." me, an autism: "yeah, totally"
de ahi el dicho de que las personas cuando tenemos que tomar una desicion y dudamos, ya sabemos que desision tomamos solo tenemos que entenderla.
Great Video!
16:14 I get the one with more options because I feel like I'm getting a better value. It has nothing to do with other people. I havne't even told anybody about my air fryer until right now haha,
14:25 you dont?
I think that sitting next to Michael while someking one with him and having a conversation is ,surely,transcendental moment...mind blowing!!
I remember this video being a bit longer ...
12:45 we are probably "bad at logic on purpose" because evolution didnt have logic fast enough to recognize and respond accordingly to stimulus. The brain used emotion to motivate responses to stimulus.   A caveman who is curious about bears probably wouldnt live as ling as the caveman who was afraid. Knowwhatimean
What happened to your watch Michael?
It’s gone the other way bro 😢
fluoride
That's what is supposed to make like beautiful IM talking about the intro
Where is my mind - pixies
I have no mind that's why "I" matter
bro worked with billionaire bill gates to make a video about how listening to billionaires isn’t smart or good for humanity
Love this thank you for your content
The production quality is outstanding I did not expect it to be this good.
I think intelligent life forms are waiting for us as a species to evolve past the point of killing each other and eating each other and destroying our planet ❤️
Ew! Working with overlord Bill Gates? Thumb down
So we need to release zero "such gases"... in other words DON'T BREATHE... what BS.
Who is here 2025
Jesus is how you are re created and I am a quantum computer researcher this is an awesome video and I hope we are all in heaven soon enough I love you guys very much and miss when I was growing up thinking the type of political decorum of 2010 would be the decorum of when I could vote but sadly it was not and I have only ever voted out of obligation to the lesser evils 🔵
24:35 This hits different after Twitter...
This video is so underated right now... once we were hopeful... Reason a long forgotten word and practice.
You lost me at "Bill Gates".  But nice try though.
Even if humans were to stop all annual co2 emissions that’s only 2.3% of all global emissions.
Sorry nerd I’m not milling myself for Israel
Gates means this is my first down vote for vsauce
OK, BUT THE THING IS, THERE IS NOTHING, WHAT IS RANDOM.
NO, SOME ARE VENOMOUS
0:05 The pixies have been trying to figure this out for years
There is a thought which lingers a lot in my mind: As we are not just in the race if gene and are also in meme replica, Now vsacuce has the same biased view that future one should replicate us( immortal want of gene,)  But my question is why we want uniformity in the level of our power position? And why even there exits will?  Ah i am unable to phrase this, if i die then this idea will be lost so for tge shake of your true intelligence you need to make me immortal 🤔
#29:36 well where to save my reasoning for the future? Any platform I can discuss or store my way of reasoning? 👍 Maybe AI chat patterns maybe..
👁️🌀
i literally just built Like.Gripe for this same *reason.*
9:28 to be or not to beeeee
so captialism doesn't do that lol
This video is so necessary rn.
Hey VSauce! I mean, Michael!
The society idea about making decisions is by a big land slide the best alternative to our system now I have EVER heard... and what an incredible episode in general.. like holy shit well done mate!
Who here after smoking a blunt….👍🏿✌️
A Few weeks back i rewatched Fringe, in the last two seasons they play alot with those assumptions and implications of hyperobjects and big Timeframes
There are no brilliant scientists in charge of anything. Its all completly unqualified elected officials helping their friends while doing their real job at the lowest possible level to avoid a full revolution. They don't know even the first thing about 99% of the decisions they make, not to mention... they often don't even read the legislation. They just vote how they are told by the people who own them.
9:14
Love the thought that goes into every video. Thank you Michael!
>Gates Compromised.
Still hoping to get  that awesome-ometer someday.    It would be awesome 😂   🤘🖖
a surgery involving the splitting of the corpus callosum shows exactly how people reason after the fact!
Wow 🤩
Bro, i didnt listen to the video, cuz when you said, that the average answer of the collective people will be very close to the actual answer,  I couldnt stop thinking on how to make money off of this😂😂😂
This video showing up on my feed for the first time in a while, seems almost "meant to be watched" this week!! It's a wild time.
Way out, in the water, see it swimming
Just figure out nuclear fusion and use fission more without all the fear about it...  That is the true filter... how you get your energy.
Industrial Society and its Futures
We should apply classic reasoning to the idea of transsexual/transgenderism.
congratulations, you just rediscovered communism
15:24 "organisms that find it pleasurable are more likely to use it" that's a great one out of context
Ad. What ad?
14:04 - vibe living
This guy spreading communism without kids knowing lol
Sadly being funded by bill gates you wont say the missing part of this video which is communism, the people.. 99% of people holding each other accountable.. in china they have local governments elected by the community. China helps educate the rural parts how to govern themselves. People like bill gates keep Africa poor and sick to maintain this inequality of billionaires and poor people
What if we didnt have to be remembered as ancients. And coexist all together again. Someday somehow idk. What if one of those randomly selected persons figures out how everyone can have positive ideas as well. would it then break the cycle?
i think ive watched this video once already i actually cant remember now, isolation has rotted my mind, i am becoming more and more dead by the day and believe i have already died, in both a spiritual and literal sense in october of 2024. it had been a long time coming. anyways, rant over, i think micheals reasoning sounds correct, which could be confirmation bias. we are humans with the agendas to survive and reproduce. those innate directives will always affect our actions and beliefs and methods of functioning. in an ideal world i would speak simply, as simplistically as possible, i would be honest and transparent, sharing information that wasnt asked but still relevant. i would only say what i know and not say what i dont know to be true. i would be observant and specific and would specialise. i would be kind and intentionally feed into the evolution machine. i would want to contribute to human evolution to escape whatever it is that were trapped as, beings unphased by death, unconcerned about reproduction, abstract and with no innate directives, no remnants or artifacts of previous evolutions. im not sure what that would look like, but id love to be one. i couldnt tho, being human, having to eat, having to drink water, and the fact ive already been predesigned, i cant not contribute to the survival of my species or the perfection of the gene pool, opting out would itself be a form of natural selection. i dont know what im saying. i think my brain is dying. its scary. if any of you reading this ever have a child, isolation will kill it. isolation will kill you. keep friends like blessings and spend time with them like chores otherwise you will die.
F bill gates
Wow
Individuals chosen at random would be corrupted by the media, threatened or bought out
F bill gates
I think this video is wayy more relevant than it was 4 years ago, if people could could have this implanted in their brains that would be great
vsauce is so goated bro😢❤
So, the reasonable conclusion is anarchy. Thank you for your fine work, sir.
this video explained the word “infer” to me better than any of my english teachers ever could.
thank you for todays video ken
Absolute legend 🌟
NEW HERE, LOVING NEW INFORMATION AND THIS COMMUNITY OF KNOWLEDGE SEEKERS
Saying the mind is the brain is a claim that you have to defend. I see no reason to believe that the mind is the same as the brain. The law of identity: if x is the same as y then whatever you can say of x can be said of y, proves that the brain and the mind are two different things. When you prick your finger you do not say "my c fibers are firing and i feel pain," no, you say "ouch, i just pricked my finger." Because "you" are feeling pain and you alone can describe what that pain feels like. You also seem to contradict yourself around 15:10. You said earlier that reason means making inferences but then we do not use reason to say why we know someone is upset? It would seem to me that we would reason that this person looks like, sounds like, etc like X, Y, or Z, therefore they must be upset. We infer based on what we have seen X, Y, or Z emotion within our own lives and experiences. Then at 16:40, you backpedal on reason again. You said that reason leads to truth earlier but now it is an evolved trait for society. You're assuming physicalism. Reason would not have evolved for an abstract like truth. If we define evolution as random mutations based on time and chance then theres no reason to think our evolved traits are good for anything but survival. You could claim that truth is a survival advantage but why think that? This also does not explain morals as altruism is diametrically opposed to an evolved organism. Why save little Timmy from drowning when i could drown too? You could benefit from studying J.P Morelands work.
More concrete + less trees ≠better quality of life
The small forums and discussions that small communities have seem to be the right way to go, and I'm glad I finally realize that. With things how they are now, I have a feeling we'll slowly but surely drift towards this line of thinking and band together.
Cheer~~~this be the action of thinking about future in a logical, sensible way......(I just got quite an interesting channel I had today. still learning contents by heart)😊
This video is so hard to process i get lost so often 🤯 Edit: Deep end ; mentally came 2-3 times after understanding an ideea; and got lost like 30 times till the end 😂😮
If calling anarcho-communism "lottocracy" makes the ideas more digestible for ya, lottocracy it is!
yeeess lottocracy! i always loved this idea but everyone thought i was crazy
2:38 Hints like the 2024 Election.
Maybe AI is the hyper object
2:39 - It could also mean that China is creating more "ghost cities" with all that concrete that no one will ever live in so they can pretend their economy is still growing.
What about the circular reasoning of using reason to explain reason?
The extreme fires are from incompetence. CO2 is the excuse.
10:38 You got me for sure.
Holy hell, this is ringing more and more true as time goes on.
It also helps I have YouTube red
so social theory says that reasoning is not a part of our rational nature but rather a tool used for convincing other people to do things we want, so reasoning  is a part of communication
14:30 In his Sherlock Holmes books, Arthur Conan Doyle does a fantastic job explaining seemingly supernatural leaps in inference people can make. If anyone is interested.
my mind is blown again
Not the diddler gates
I’m so glad I watched this. I think it explains a lot about me and why I can be so stubborn. I also wish that I saw it a year ago when I started college, because I spent a lot of time trying to do stuff on my own. I also feel better about some of my opinions and stuff now. Maybe I’ll even change a few, finally XD. Anyway, have a great day man. Thanks.
"it's democracy just not by the people"
awsometer
If CO2 was black, there would be taxes, and it would be phased out
It's on my money iykyk
Ergo Proxy!!!
pretty amazing how you're able to articulate in such an understandable way about such a complex field of thought, well done! I hope more and more people will develop the curiosity and patience to dive into this topic.
Get Michael Levin in here, we need to test this experimentally
The average person's reasoning is impaired because their knowledge has been restricted and they have been fed lies upon lies. Sure, a random crowd's guesses on the number of jelly beans in a jar can average out to a number close to the truth, but if we're talking about reality, a closer scenario would be that a group of people are about to dump their waste jellybeans in an ocean or on the coast of some far country, and a lot of those people would benefit monetarily from skewing the guess down, the sample of voters can never be truly random due to human biases and blindspots (who the signing up is accessible for, what geographic areas people get picked from, who is aware of what thry can and can't do etc), there is real consequence for people on the coasts of that ocean if the jellybean estimate is way off, and those people are naturally excluded from the conversation because they are as you said "far away, poorer than us, people we will never meet," there are efforts to conceal and lie about the true number, how many jellybeans it is acceptable to dump into an ocean is an opinion influenced by generations of propaganda and compaigns, and 25% of the sample don't even believe jellybeans exist.  "We will someday be the ancients, and we can choose what that will mean." no, we cannot, not while those in power write history. This was a disappointing video, if only because I held out hope that you would dive deeper once you finished the surface talk, but that was all it was. Bill Gates, really? Microsoft is powering a gencide as we speak, profiting billions off of surveillance and apartheid and mass murder and starvation. I won't say more, you can easily find this information online. After reconstruction is factored in israhell's gencide on you-know-who will have emitted 52 million tonnes of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases. A figure equivalent to the annual emissions of 126 states and territories. How can you talk about climate change, and reasoning, citing Bill Gates? Shame!   Anyway, don't trust the people in power to tell you where you are, what your options are, what is within your power. They will always lie.  P.S. Excuse my censoring. Since since these words are suppressed across social media, I am forced to sidestep truths.
UR SO HOT
I know comment's gonna get lost amid 15 thousand now, but:  Uhhh.... Holy cow (Excluding this parenthesis, that's the only comment I have)  Yeah, stuff was so good I can't provide reasons to why I think this video is trascendental to pacific and civic solution of conflicts.  Well, not that I'd need to give any as I suppose most of us who watched it agree with this here tought of admiration towards Michael and Bill Gates' crew.  That, unless someone doesn't possess that bias and obligates me to fabricate some.  Despite disagreement, perhaps the previous line's series of events is the ideal outcome from this comment.
0:06 pixies reference?
He goes from goofy and crazy to the deepest shit I’ve ever heard in my life
"Bill Gates"  "and I decided to this video with him and his team..."  And that's when I thumbs downed the video and turned it off.  Bad call.
25:05 this point has aged so well. It is more true now than ever; my Entire extended family is glued to their LLM of choice, because they're infinite glaze machines. If OpenAI's reporting is to be believed - 700 MILLION weekly users on ChatGPT; my experience is quite common.
Lost me at “I’ve partnered with Kill Gates”
I see confirmation bias as an extension of the sunken cost fallacy. If you think about it, we mostly use the knowledge we already deem to be true to determine whether new information is credible or not: if it contradicts most of what I already believe, it must be false. Otherwise, I have spent a lot of time reasoning just to arrive at wrong conclusions AND I would have to reevaluate all those contradictory things, which would also take much time and resources. If I lived until this point holding those believes, they can't be that bad since I survived just fine and, besides, I spent so much time and energy on this that I much rather double down on it. Either that or the reasoning would have being a waste of precious resources. Thus, I think those biases are deeply related and can be explained by the way we comprehend resource management.
14:17 I have definitely done that before and had to consciously think about if their mad or happy and what signs to look for. Like the tone and posture, and if I don't, I feel like I'll get it wrong sometimes.   The married or unmarried one stumped me because there's situations where people are in the middle of a divorce and some unmarried people who are just dating will claim to be married, and so many other cases where there's not a yes or no married wouldn't apply. Also, I bet some cultures don't do marriage in the same way or call it differently or have a third category.
2013 Michael: Where are your fingers?  2021 Michael: Where is your mind?  His power grows stronger... _run_
Taking complex thought processes and dumbing them down for me is very kind of you, Michael.
10:11 13:30
Man this is a great topic right now
...need to emit none... ...partnered with Gates...   Lost another good one.
this man does not miss
that's crazy bc now ppl are actively choosing not to reason they're opting out of reasoning and thinking and using their brains god i love AI hehe who needs to be independent as a person or an ounce of competence in anything anyway
I'll l never meet you Michael, but you are seriously one of my heroes. Thank you sir.  Also, is kevin from vsauce2 your son or something? Asking for a friend... 👀😆
im too geeked for this mr vsauce
Sounds reasonable
I'll use your 'randomly selected people for political desicions' for a govermant in a Sci-Fi novel.
Your video would’ve been much better if you’d started with the ending or at least worked in the ideas closer to the beginning, obviously my opinion doesn’t matter, and this comment is four years too late, but it was recommended to me and watched it today, so here’s my worthless opinion. Thanks!
This is ridiculous, all the advancements human beings  made in technology, and energy have made the planet 99% safer from weather related disasters, even though it does cause the weather to change over the longer term it’s still absolutely a net positive for humanity. So it’s absolutely silly to claim I’m being irrational for supporting the advancement of technology and the use of all the energy resources that we possibly can.
Michael is going to make a great ancient some day.
Reason involves making judgements. Judgments involve making decisions. Decisions require the ability to make a choice. If the mind is solely a physical object and physical objects follow the law of causality, this means anything the mind produces is completely reliant on the physical state that preceded it. If that’s the case, we can not make free choices and our choices are simply illusions. If our choices are illusions, our decisions, judgements, and our ability to reason itself must be illusions as well. Now, if our mind isn’t purely a physical object, this would make room for true rationality and reason.
There is trouble with the reasoning about swarm intelligence. That works at best - if at all - in non repeated situations in an anonymous settings. Studies show it's not a thing at all otherwise, rather the opposite: People tend to say even what they know is wrong if they feel like it's what's expected in a group to stay a member of the group. From that wrong conclusion to the next makes it even worse: More direct democracy. We have several models of democracy in europe, some with more direct "democracy" like switzerland, some nearly without like germany. more participation doesn't lead to a better world. the group dynamics hit much harder. And there are anti-science, anti-democracy movements on the rise everywhere, from east coast to west coast in the US - and trump got a second term, just as from the spanish west coast of the atlantic ocean over france, germany, italy, most european countries all the way to the eastern borders of europe - and beyond. give power to the people and reason will be murdered first.
2:14   Yeah, in China, and all those concrete structures lie empty or are already falling apart and killing people. A rising quality of life indeed.
we don't need to emit 0 emissions, we just need to undo 51 billion tons every year with technology.
The pencil is a hyper-object.  People work together voluntarily just fine… literally trillions of times a day. This idea that government is needed for cooperation IS the Great Filter.
incredible how relevant this is current day
why do you think bill gates is to be trusted? that man is a terrible person and should be jailed for his crimes against the planet. ask bill about all the kids he hurt ask him why he thinks he can play god? he is a monster a needs to be deleted.
So is this guy Jewish or something?
Comrade?
The puzzle don't actually tells us Mary is a person, that is what made me continue thinking there was still not enough information. Mary could be a dog interacting with Peter and Paul, therefore not a married or unmarried person. That is also a big issue with most real world discussions: the amount of variables and interactions is far more complex than the "if A then B" that well meaning people search and than what ill-intended people are willing to consider. It's very rarely a question of "what is the truth?", and almost always about "will this conclusion benefit me?"
14:30 you sound like sheldon 😂
conclusion reasoning works human reasoning doesn't work... we're Doomed 😭
The idea that he's approaching here - that the division of labor and international communication have created such an interdependent world system that it no longer makes sense to place major decisions about the future of this system in the hands of private individuals like Bill Gates - is a little undercut by the fact that he's...partnered with Bill Gates, but I suppose Marx did have Engels. Anyways, if you find this line of reasoning interesting - whether or not you _agree_ - you should read Marx!
I love the comment at 28:43, it basically says, “Why don’t we at least try to look like we’re worth saving.” Perhaps this is a gross approximation of what was said, but it sure is funny. And I think it gets to the heart of the problem by saying, hey let’s work this out and take action together, rather than delegating our agency to others. (That’s possibly butchered as well)
There is no more explanation (statement of rationalization on itself) needed for the state we currently live in and why politics has transformed the way they have through all these years. Exquisite.
21:32 this aged poorly
This just explained Trump supporters in a nutshell. It makes a lot more sense now how so many people are manipulated so effectively through reverse reasoning.
technosapiens haha nice term
I tuned out when I heard "so I partnered with Bill Gates."
can't escape paul no matter where I go
I think one of the biggest problems is the reality that the solutions being proposed aren’t realistic. And the people who want to bring the change like Bill have much larger emissions footprints than the people they want to reduce emissions. It really comes across as “you better change, not me”. I think the best way forward is to focus on realistic solutions and not the problem. Shift the conversation from “is there a problem “ to “here is a non invasive solution “ and you’ll have more cooperation
4:08   You don't, you can only control yourself.   The only " reasonable ethical "answer is to GTFO GRID.  Stop stimulating and donating your energy to the LARP that FEEDS off the MOST vulnerable.
vsauce
💜💚❤️🖤💛💜
Partnering with bill gates, youve lost my subscription, dont trust him or anyone who does
reminds me of that 1 matrix scene where that oracle says something like 'you've already decided, you're here to understand why you chose what you chose."
My conclusion is that Micheal polishes his finger nails, reason is they are shinning like the sun
This video is rapidly becoming obselete with the emergence of AI
There isn’t any future of reasoning in a world full of very stupid people .
It will probably never be read, but i feel like this is what War is for, it’s like we know as a group that we should all be one big country and we’ve been fighting over who’s  right for millennia, we suffer as a spieces just to reach the same conclusion, unable to really see the others side of reasoning , blinded by ego.
The Apple
Over the years I concluded that I hate having to justify my intuition
2:43 logic and reason aren’t struggling, people are cowards, and conformists
working with Bill Gates is not aging well..... 2025
Vsauce dropping videos that make me feel 16 again this long after is nuts.
Ok, how do you know climate change is something we are responsible for and/or that we can actually do anything about? Anyone who listens to history can hear not only that nothing is happening now that hasn't happened before, but that we have been backwards in our assumptions about what has been happening. When I was a kid, the egg heads thought the world was cooling and we were hearing toward an ice age... that was the 80's. We also thought all the matter in the universe was condensed to something the size of a pin before exploding in a "big bang." How they even come to this conclusion off such limited knowledge makes me scratch my head almost as much as the certainty with with such theories get gospelized.
Best Vedio on youtube
I think theres different types of thought, new inspired thought, and thought which becomes like a algorithm or repeatable formula which people use in useful work in a repetative way. Repetition is a major part of human behaviour, from weekly cycles of work and routine to annual holidays, to repeated adverts, songs or recordings, it comforts us and gives the illusion of time repeating itself. So people find it comforting and its easier on the brain, people dont want to change their comfortable situation which is one reason why change is difficult.
Last year, ALL of the "WILD" fires turned out to be arson in Greece. Of rhe more than 100 people arrested, more than 50% were "foreigners"
I like to feel emotions both intuitivily and reasonable. I do this because of paranoia.
In un modo che è opaco alla coscienza.. perché tu consideri analizzare il sopracciglio una cosa meno opaca, e forse la è, ma a sua volta capire che un sopracciglio è curvo, a livello super non intuitivo richiederebbe calculus. Magari capire che uno è upset non richiede un misto di tante informazioni, magari è una cosa primaria (notare sopracciglia e resto *******X). Magari risolvere l'indovinello logico o capire una frase verbale è meno primario
This is probably the most profound video I have ever watched
I learn more fril this random dude on the whole internet then from my while school carier Combined ❤❤
Where is my mind? Where is my mind? Where is my mind?
When I think about this stuff, I get worried because it's such an imposing thing that I can't change directly. I used to not be able to do anything without some booze throughout the day to avoid withdrawals, so how could I possibly impact others in a positive way with my gen-Z brain rot booze-shocked character? But that definitely isn't productive. It's just gonna slow me down thinking that way, and this video illustrates that each personality matrix has its place in the macro-mind-matrix of the mega body we are all cells of. This includes not only the weird girl at work I wish I had more reasons to justify my distaste for her, but me as well. In reality, we're two very different cells with very different functions and purposes.   A simple thing that works for me to taste peace and serenity, when I have the strength to do so, is to love the player out of love for the game. Resentment begets resentment, opposite does the opposite, type shi.   Honestly that is much easier to do than I thought every time I do it. It sucks that I make it so hard to do it most of the time. But I've done it before, I can do it again and better this time. I really wanna just call this whole video cringe so that I can continue running, but I'm tired and unathletic. Imma face this now and start loving myself so I can love others, otherwise, Imma be prone to create new national holidays that we recognize with flags at half mast fr fr WEEEE
14:28 speak for yourself
0:05 I see it swimming
29:11 Michael trying to casually communicate his necormantic hopes.
20:25 Does anybody else do this with EVERYTHING? I do, and it's never on purpose. I always try to disprove things that I believe to be true before I prove them right, and the opposite for things I believe to be false. People call me rude when I ask too many questions about something they're telling me. They think I'm denying their honesty, which I have no intention to do. If anything, I'm trying to validate those beliefs, but it comes off as the opposite; invalidating.
24:08 well DAYUMMMM 🎤
Christ is King
i was listening to your video in the background as i often do, when i heard the words "in partnership with Bill Gates that was all i needed to hear, i stopped the video - that's a deal breaker ( as Dr Phil might say) how stupid are you? to expect that the public would accept that you announce a partnership with a man that has associations with a known child  predator  like it wasn't something to be ashamed of? how dare you...and he for that matter!~ glad to finally meet you, now i can unsubscribe and make sure i never listen to anything you are involved with ever again....as all good people ought to when they find out about an association with ANYONE  like Bill Gates
Saw this video when it was 1 day old. I still think about it to this day. This video is different and ahead if its time. How we got here as humans is unfathomable. Thank you
1:56 Vsauce music? 🥺
Best channel ❤❤❤❤
There's something missing in the "social theory of reasoning". Supposedly, it "explains" why people can reason their way into totally different conclusions. But the whole benefit supposedly comes from making decisions together--which means people should be more inclined to come to the SAME conclusion. People should also be inclined to be able to reason relatively objectively instead of the way they do in real life, in which "reasoning" is hijacked by the social confrontation--a "debate" becomes an "argument", and an "argument" becomes a "fight". Reasoning sessions in reality act as stand-ins for physical confrontations, like when two animals staring each other down, hissing and growling, making themselves look larger and sound louder, or what have you, exchanging their intimidation displays. Furthermore, the "wisdom of the crowd" is questionable given the prevalence of things like moral panics, mass psychogenic illness, spreading of superstitions and misinformation, and the paradox of people all agreeing to something that none of them want because they all think everyone else wants it. A PERSON may be smart, but PEOPLE are stupid--I find this immensely more true than the idea of "wisdom of the crowd".
I hadn't finished this video at the time it came out, but I'm glad I came back and finished it. It's very relevant to our current circumstances.
im starting to think all the world's problems exist because evolution is impossibly slow
bin laden the elephant wasnt awesome
Humans are naturally primarily emotional, meaning they are willing to set aside logic and reason simply so that they don’t have to admit fault or change their mind. When another person, advocates an opposing view, whether by reason, intuition, or emotion, the two may very well begin to fight, instead of reasoning together to come to a solution. Setting aside reason and logic for the sake of emotion or pride. My point is that if the “optimal system” of worldwide democracy were to be reached, instead of people logically reasoning with each other for the greater good of mankind, many (i would even say most) would simply begin to war with each other, thus returning mankind to its original state. I believe that human nature itself deters the theory in this video from being a workable and practical solution.
Finally, Black Jesus explained! Vsauce be a mack-daddy!
Very well written and produced.  A lovely flow to this.
14:12 Kid named autism:
I'm here from the AI boom. Would it be possible to create an AI that accurately averages all opinions on a matter in an attempt to arrive at the best course of action?
Giant TECHNOSALVATION is here, ChatGPT was indeed on the horizon. Vsauce knows what he is talking about
in the water see it swimming
what if mary is a sheep though?
This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates? Bill is a depopulation, vaccine nut. Disappointed to read that.
Reasoning is also not made for global unitary decisions. But for thousands of local variations of  experiments, where some are much more successful than others and will reproduce more likely.
Thats why "Borg" from Star Trek TNG was so powerful, but at the same time it got outsmarted by one experienced leader, meaning that good leaders can have a better impact on the society than a group 🤔
This might be the single most important and powerful piece of.... "content" of our time (June 2025). There are so many insightful and humbling ideas and conclusions in this video... so many epiphanies and connection between individual reasoning and how it affects our collective process of decision making.... this needs like a 100times more views...! THANK YOU MICHAEL for this Gem of wisdom in this vast Ocean of  repetitive AI-content-bullshit-hell, BIG-TECH and Late-stage-Capitalism have created... THANK YOU!
What’s Bill gates reasoning for testing pharmaceutical drugs on children and killing them? Money?  Sounds like the reasoning of a civilization that doesn’t make it past the great filter.
19:06 he’s indirectly talking about stupidity of religions
Giving reasons why we reason
Title of this video could be : Intuition Vs Reason
0:04 Where is my mind? Wayyy out. In the water. See it swimmin?
BIG MISTAKE to associate yourself with Gates. BIG mistake. A shocker, I must say. You've been had, my friend, you've been had.
Does anyone remember a video where Michael explained that we need multiple planets to sustain human civilization? Did I see it somewhere else, my mind remembers from a decade ago that it wad Michael from vsauce…
Man, I don't trust bill gates. Good video tho
❤
14:17 Is it bad that i do actually do this?
I am unsubscribing you’re a total sellout. I was waiting for you to throw the propaganda in for Bill. You are disgrace you can take it properly in your channel and shove it.
This video is about to reach 10 mil views
This aged poorly...
4 years later, the only thing that bothers me and seems kinda fallacious is the analogy of the Jelly bean jar and democracy. Sure, some people will give really bad guesses, but the bad guesses on either side average out to more/less the answer. However, ib denocracy, I think the average opinions actually stagnate growth. If someone is extremely well read and knowledgable on a particuar topic, their vote gets cancelled out by someone who is completely ignorant to it. Now, sure, some people can be ignorant and luckily still agree with the expert by chance, but if there happen to be too few experts, their voting power may not be enough to offset the slight variations of the collective general public. I dont really believe in democrasy as a problem solving tool and I have my own thoughts on how laws and such should operate, but to stagnate progress or diminish it seems like a drastic waste of time. Why wait 15 years for the average person to finally overcome some fallacious belief that is not supported by any scientific evidence when we could just be sure that the data PARTIALLY speaks for itself?  I know data cant be the end all be all, but I do believe that we should start tgere and then draw maybe arbitrary laws in occordance with it as creating equally as arbitrary laws that are in disharmony with our scientific understandings is legit just worse lmao.  Like imaging trying to tackle climate change but you also believe the earth is flat lmao. Any solution you draw will be inherently based on someone incorrect.
This is a masterpiece. Thank you Michael
Wow, this was powerful
24:28 That aged like fine wine
did anyone notice Michael misspelled 'Hyperobjects' in the Video Description?
I like to think that you are wrong on our impact on the planet. Your reasonning has been mislead on this topic. Bill has no human interest in mind at best he has a money one. I like your popularization of randomness in elections.
Please bump into me on the street sometime
i mever know what emotion ppl r feeling, because emotions look soooo vague so I assume they're all neutral until otherwise state
Michael would make a great lawyer
5:26 was the point where my "Mind" could no longer make "Reason" to watch this video any further. It was right after I heard the sponsors of this video "the one and only bill gates".  If you still cannot find a contradiction in this man's so called "vision" and his "actions" then you are struggling with something before you work on reasoning.  You are struggling with morality by not paying attention to this man's atrocious actions.
Michael is Vegapunk and I won’t hear otherwise 🙂‍↕️🥱🤫
Most confusing vsauce video for me
I can feel the power at the last sentence!!
hey michael, vsauce here
This is like phenomenology at its best, I can’t believe I grew up watching videos like this, always inspired my thoughts
@2:20 that's BS. Simple extrapolation of former trends leads to large mistakes.
We miss you Micheal
I think I re-watch this masterpiece once a year. I miss you Michael ❤
Damn I didn't realize Michael was paid off by big climate. That's sad. Pretty much everything in this video has been debunked. I wonder if he'll ever make a video that has actual logic on the topic and not fear mongering nonsense predictions that account for nothing.
One of my batches of honor is to say that I live in the same time when vsauce existed
This guy and Bill Gates in partnership? God help us
We live in a world with no Wisecrack anymore. But we still have this thought outlet. For now.
natural vsauce banger
the implications of this line of, well, reasoning...are wrinkling my brain.
The first person who is married is looking at unmarried or married person, and the second  person who we don’t know if is married or not is looking at a married person person 🤷🏽‍♂️
So you are telling  that a lot of the time, what we call "reasoning" is just us dressing up intuitive conclusions with whatever supports them by trying to convincing ourselves or others in the process 🤯
3:00 - 3:10 looks like nubby nubbies
“random people should decide” - sounds like what Cardano has implemented.
Finish Vsauce video without choking up and almost crying : Challenge level impossible
the partnership with Bill Gates killed it for me
10:50 Yo! As a former pro fighting game player, thats a great way to explain what an "Option select" is to people!   IFC Yipes: "Mary with the Option Select! That boy Paul is so Pringles it ain't even funny! Close the top Mary, you done finished the can already!"
Maybe "solving" the filter would be much worse than not.
0:05 where is my mind? Way out, in the water
i miss vsauce. any recommendations for similar videos/podcasts/content creators???
theres always another dimension of thought above what you god
Heck of a thought boomerang to come back around to me now.
I think im getting better at reasoning since every time I watch this video I get  a new profound understanding of the mind
Partnering up with Bill Gates? Isn’t that the guy advocating for depopulation? Yikes…
23:20
21:25 and that formed my perspective
19:30
Not A Bad Reason
So, how do we convince the current oligarchies to put in place democracies? I am all in favor of picking randomly to deal with subjects but how do we change the constitution to get there? Convince people we will be better off?
Let's debate veganism. (Only people with logic are welcome). I'm a vegan. Reason with me.
If you feel left out it means ur already left out so u can't not want to feel left  out because u already are....
Grew up in middle school on Vsauce. Just the sound track fills mah cup. Keep on flowin❤
The first 60 seconds of the video, watch that again
Can you please return and do a video on how we talk with our hands
More cities mean exactly the opposite of quality of life rising!!!
Wow..
its crazy how youtube can use AI to translate speech in all the languages for the most utterly idiotic content like mr. beast but never things that are deep like this.
I feel that this video is so important now in 2025. Great video, watched it in the past as well, but just stumbled upon it again and it's actually crazy how prevalent these ideas are with the new administration(US) and advances in technology. I wish there was more cordial discourse about politics and the state of the world when it seems like so many people are falling into the trap of cognitive biases and tribalism. So much fighting between each other when we should be fighting against the bigger issues like climate change, income inequality, and world peace/world hunger.
As a radical doubter,
“Why not just throw shade?” -Michael ‘vsauce’ Stevens.
This guy decided to open up to  camera and put it on the internet what he has gathered all his life and made it the best possible video i have seen yet, hopefully there is way more like this
I truely wish I had a break
TREMENDO!!! ACABO DE DESCUBRIR ESTE CANAL Y ME VOLO EL CEREBROOOOO
Hello, future humanity. Please be reasonable and don't blow up the Earth for us.
Ah, this is why I make extremely stupid decisions sometimes, because my thoughts are isolated inside of my head. Very good to know!
5:27 you lost me
Michael,  VSauce here. You're not elephant but you're awesome according to our Awesomometer
Edgar Cayce: The Sleeping Prophet Who Predicted the Future & Healed the Sick  https://youtu.be/03FJlPZapfI?si=wmoQHxNRIWOUQm2n
The Pixies asked this back in 1988 to no avail, something about koi koi trying to talk to him in the Caribbean
Nice try, Michael but we are on a speeding train on the way to "salvation." The mad conductor has disabled the alarms and he's sabotaging the brakes. Choo-choo. Full speed ahead and brace for impact!
Make it an actionable law to add colouring to all emissions created so everyone has to see what's being pumped into the atmosphere? Might assist a reasoning change for long term.
Ugh this dude is a more obnoxious version of Neil Degrasse Tyson
For a moment, I thought Billy Boy Gates was actually paying you to advocate for Direct Democracy, but then the lottocracy word got dropped and my brain just had a blue screen of death. Why talk about the wisdom of the crowds and then ditch its logical conclusion by intentionally making the crowd smaller, therefore, less wise? Two problems arise with lottocracy: First, how can we trust that the random system isn't rigged? You might have some lotto spinny sphere with little balls bouncing inside like you have with lottery draws, but considering how sophisticated AI imagery became in last few years, how can we truly trust that the ball that was selected was indeed #46 and no one edited the number on the ball afterwards? What constitutes a 'live' broadcast can have some very liberal interpretation. For example, ever since the wardrobe mishap with Janet Jackson and Justin Timberlake during the superbowl halftime show, all 'live' broadcasts now must have a 20 minute lag in case something like that happens again. Second, random people might need to be advised by other people before making their decisions, who advises them? Who selects the advisors? Half your video goes on to explain our brains got wired to be socially agreeable, after all, so those advisors would have a lot of influence on policy making.   Direct democracy with video recorded raised hands would probably do a better job at providing better decisions, even if the advisors remain limited. For example, a slick talking sociopath in a three piece suit pretending to be an advisor on coal mine safety but is actually a lobbyist for the coal industry might advise the lottocrats that the mine can go without air scrubbers, but there ain't a miner in coal country that would agree to that, regardless of the cleverness of the sales pitch. And as a voter, watching the coal miners vote in favor of better air scrubbers for the coal mines might tip you off that people of a certain expertise are voting that way, so you could rest assured that even if the decision was a bad one, it was at least was taken on the same side as those who actually worked in that environment.   Take a look at Switzerland, and specifically its national statistics. They have no vast mineral ressources, no military empire, no legacy of colonial plundering since they're landlocked and couldn't send galleons filled with reavers to other parts of the world. Now, it's not perfect (ex: Nestle), but considering how well off they are and well armed enough that Hitler gave them a wide birth back in WW2, you could see that they indeed have a superior system than ours.
Michael its been 2 years 😢 can you please give us another video? Pretty please?😢😢 Still love you tho
Bill Gates is no one's friend. This should be obvious by now.
@Vsauce, I swear I'm not being contrarian here, but some of these generalized examples of human behavior that you are talking about felt very alien to me. I am autistic (ASD-1), originally diagnosed with Asperger's (which isn't in the DSM anymore lol), and some of these things do not feel like they apply to me. For example, at @14:20, I do in fact do what you are describing to 'logically' deduce emotional states
It's crazy how much similarity is there between this video and Acharya Prashant's teachings.
Hey everyone! I really need help getting this batch worth $55, but as a dependent student, I can’t afford it. If anyone is willing to support or guide me, I’d truly appreciate it. Your kindness means a lot! Thank you in advance!
Any Elon Musk help me to get batch of 50 dollars I'm a student I don't havee money to buy please someone
I learned something from this
13:45 true. If someone is set on a specific belief he'll bend all the facts to fit their world view. mental gymnastics. Just like people defending gen0c1d3 in g4z4 rn
The hitherto history of humanity is the history of class struggle. These problems have been tackled before. Read The Communist Manifesto
I've watched this video probably a dozen times in my many rewatching sprees of vsauce as a channel. But, I think this is the first time I've really "got it"
14:15 all the autistic people watching: •—• You don’t?
Yuck Bill Gates, byebye forever
Bill gates is evil. I’m unsubscribing vsauce.  You’re just another stooge for the elite.  Bills solution is to Carbon tax the poor and give all the resources to the rich.
👎 First thumbs down.
10:26 The answer is NO. Dude. By answering YES you are inferring Mary is married to Joseph. Mary's Husband. When Mary could be Mary Magdalene Jesus's Girlfriend who is Unmarried. Nice try bro. Thanks for playing. 10:26
Thought it was Era-thos-te-nese 8:41
Hey, Vsauce?! Isn’t is weird how I can come back to one of your videos like 2 years later, and halfway remember everything and yet still find a way to learn new things? Love you!
Reasoning has no future...
Yup
bill gates is a con artist who is leading us toward collapse like most other billionaires. richest people have the best PR that make them look like the most charitable. he's an arrogant ass who will destroy the world just so he can be the one who looks like he's saving it.
vsauce for president
The closed captions aren't exactly right.  Usually, I don't mind - I just find it interesting to muse over why/how the words are an interpretation of the words spoken...  But, sometimes, particularly here, it seems more important than ^that...  When: "reasons to reach conclusions" (the speech I think I heard from the guy in the video)  is interpreted as: "reasons to form our beliefs" (the words I see when CC is doing its thing)   I type out a comment.  14:01
I'm here from Instagram. Thank you ❤
I've been watching you for years. And your youtube videos
bars
😭that was beautiful
Michael, you can ask anyone how to do things. But you won't have the experience of doing a certain skill.
NOT WATCHING A BILL GATES VIDEO. Didn't make it past 5:28!
I love Michael but hearing bill gates is such a turnoff that i had to turn off the video. Inhuman criminal
I'm from the future year os 2025 ... there is a pneumonia going on now, where "programmers can not program". There are a lot of articles and videos about it, but basically what is happening is folks are so dependant on AI to auto generate code, they forget how to actually write code.  These folks are also the same ones complaining they are losing their jobs to AI. Microsoft and Google have both announced several layoffs in the last 2 years. According to the latest news, more layoffs are coming affecting every department.
The fact that 50% of Americans dont even understand their own political standings is no surprise. It's also kind of why democracy cant work in the US. We're just not sharp enough.
bring this man to my school
Thanks for sharing!
Mob mentality is the problem
Pretty brutal
Bill Gates IS the problem. The problem is that 70% of carbon emissions come from 100 corporations. The problem is capitalism
Thank you very much so much for this video. Very instructive.
Long life to micropolitics and the power of friendship within community <3
This needs to resurface and replace the current narrative
i could kiss you platonically, you are such a cool guy and i will never be as cool as you  :((
The vast majority of people believe in fairy tales and the supernatural. Humans are not a reasonable species.
14:30
14:17 I guess Sheldon Cooper would actually do the exact same thing)))
I love this lecture! Its motviating us! Pushing us to think right. Come together and articulate. To pass on the legacy and make things right. Out of 7 billion people, a random sample is indeed a true representative sample of a collective mind! We all must give a thought on how this could be realisticly acheived! And with enough effort its a matter of years or a few decades within which we have a framework for collective thinking for human race. And this job trust my friends, is not the one for AI, because it is once again having biases from its makers and backers. Going back to the start of the video, we need to be able to empathise collectively! God Bless you Michael 🫡
22:37 much needed jab at lgtv and all the nonsense thats going around these days
0:02 WHERE IS MY MIINDD WHEEERE ISS MYY MINDD yo vsauce thats a banger
Given all of that valid introspective and extrospective theory, we should have assumed the wheel was invented in Africa by now.
5:08: 34 utilities companies ; only only only industrialized but ozone <s,tt!e>
That’s not just reasoning that causes the build up and tailoring of ideas etc. ,communication and time have to share a balance as well as you don’t know the brain of any individual even if you’ve known them for life. Walking up to someone and laying down all reasoning is psychotic and the person receiving will check out.
I just got your curiosity box and the Ernest Haeckel book and I read the preface. Where you asserted Darwin’s Theory of evolution as fact even though it’s not and actually has no evidence to support it. Also, saying that science pushed “magic” out of life suggesting that religious ideas commonly held are just the results of ignorance and gullibility. That’s tragic you know so much about “science” but so little about God.
Hey vsause Micheal here, or is it???🤨
vsauce straight up answering the question that the pixies asked ages ago
14:14 not me struggling with recignizing moods
Christians are not allowed to use BRAIN when talking about GOD.
Holy crap this video is so to date, it's insane. It's 2021!
I’ve watched thousands and thousands of YouTube videos. This one takes the cake as far as “completely altered my perception of reality.”
An assumption has to be made that both Marys are the same Mary. there's not enough information to say that both Marys are the same Mary
oh yes, increasing quality of life... if you can actually afford a place to live.
a 5,000 acre solar farm force feed next to a small town of 2,000 people is a big inertial brake for "clean energy".
bangerrr of a video🗣🗣🔥🔥🔥
Did Vsauce imply America is a democracy?
Does this jelly bean thing where the average is the same mean I can average what people fill out then use that number as my own guess? I need to find a social event now!
Excellent video and message!  Personally I think this kind of information should be taught in school over other stuff.  For example perhaps history wouldn't be as likely to repeat if people understood reasoning better instead of learning about the years that certain things happened.  They would likely even be able to use reasoning to figure out for themselves when things happened?  Regardless you got my vote on this one.☑
Yeah, you know, this feels very relevant today, as it did three years ago...
A lottocracy huh, that sounds pretty interesting and cool actually
Very inspiring!
Language expert , requests help , decoding the Mirroid alpha beta of the alphabet . The first two symbols can be found on Navajo blankets . Every letter has a male and female or before and after states . The artiface A represents all  that has to do with what shapes it and us which can be found contained within the veins leaf’s and human beings . The alphabet and its Mirroid or fuller forms convey scientific and mathematical terms . Please I encourage everyone to discover the story that the symbols tell us . To me it seems to be of association between things using these symbols as placeholders of value that grow exponentially as your education grows . The artifacts of association, try it today . Mirror the image invert and attach symmetrically . For the female form break its counterpart in half invert and attach symmetrically. Good luck and have fun !
This is one of the best videos on YouTube,  If I could show everyone I know one video it would be this one, it helps explain so much of human behaviour and makes it a lot easier to not get mad at people for their short sightedness and mistakes
The sad thing is that a strong opinion is not necessarily an objective one
Wow, that was fun. Thanks 😊
We started this with a Pixies song..
Complete masterpiece.
michael i will never be able to accurately describe the impact you have had on my ability to think critically and my life as a whole. without discovering your videos during my formative years, i would not be near as good as i am now at cutting through the biases that plague our minds. thank you so much michael
10:55     it never states peter was looking back at her, check mate.
Pls still be alive I miss ur vids 🫶🏻
26:10 this is a horrible, horrible idea. People who are trained in certain areas and are reliable decision makers should be in charge.  Not “the people”.  The people are often very stupid
The whole social theory section of the video was super interesting
watching this in jan/2025 is kinda scary
Can we talk about the send-off?
One of the most important videos ever made
USA: "instruction unclear, we voted Trump for the 2nd time"
3:20 is the exact reason why you can never escape the elite. the more you fight against them the more the more you will end up needing to have access to their assets
27:06 I know I'm late, but take video games for example. If you can manufacture something somebody wants, even if they can never have it, they will be allured and to your power consigned to reason for you instead of against. Extrinsic motivators would capitalize on this, even if loose and indirect, while slowly becoming more sophisticated at the ploy of "manipulating the storm before the calm".  Or at least I believe the current state of engineering would have this falter _reasonably_ quick. But I believe that was the point of saying this due to early on's example of why life is not a logic puzzle.  One thought I've had is mitigation, the reduction of whatevers. So choosing not to do something in order to strengthen later when you do, logically true on it's own but must be considered in a wide perspective of things to see how valid it is to myself. Causing others to mitigate action might come to a perplexing amount of odd conclusions to be analyzed as to the perceive isoalted and comibned effects, or in which polarity is it weigh with cognitive subjectivities and/or/nor objectivites, autonomy of preconceived reason to assuade the mind's responsibility to such a mitigation, etc.  I'd rather see what people are not willing to do myself, as that always tells me more about people than their actions.
15:38 "It's not a bug it's a feature" has been reincarnated and I never knew it lmao
2025: AI reasoning models have entered the chat.
2025 and im ready for a lottocracy in the US
Do a ted talk you totally could
Teach them 3 -4 languages. They will empathise more.
You put my thoughts into words!
Kinda crazy watching the first 5 minutes of this with all the wild fires going on.
"the mind is just a blob of tissue like tofu" BUT THE MIND IS WHAT CREATED THE STUFF TO HELP US REMEMBER
Lottocracy FTW this man is a genius
Bro is speaking truth and has been proven
Unforeseen consequences.
I think deliberation apps would be a good idea. Basically people would provide their reasoning in the app and AI could be used to analyze those responses to recommend the "best" course of action. These apps could be built for organizations, nations, states etc. to align decision making with crowd reasoning.
goodness ... masonic BRICK WALL . Does it get even more obvious ?? there is no climate change
27:05 which leads to bad decisions like brexit
Watching this in 2025 and its more relevant than ever
I am a techno, Sabian powered by imagination.  Damn Michael’s got bars
12:37 leading to the conclusion we are all born in sin perhaps??? 👀
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=iOucwX7Z1HU&ab_channel=timb6
7:06 anyone from  2100th+or so?
Remember that micheal works with Bill gates. He's not a good person. Stop idolizing these people just because they make interesting content ..
Superb. Fantastic. I am now a fan…!!!
I love how this is all just a ploy to be reincarnated by future humans
Why do you wish for an Ice Age? The Small Ice Age 17th century was a disaster: famine, wars, unrest, inquisition.  While warm 12th century brouth rapid development in Itali.  Btw, the Earth was 14 degrees warmer than now in mesozoic period. No bloody ice caps, great mild climate everywhere.
Vsauce, do you propose to defeat the global warming, bring ice age glicals over Canada, Japan, Russia, and Northen Europe/US? Guess what happens then: all those people are not going to freeze to death. They are going to come to your land with weapons in a powerful invasion wave. I will be among these people.  Bring us global warming: northen countries are going to have efficient agriculture, passable Northen ocean, and a lot of food.
The unclear language here had me confused. And still breaks logic
Pepe Silva for oligarch
This some new world order stuff.😢
I think on the intuition part has to do with half of people are just fake.
This video was made in partnership with the 'team' of Bill Gates? Like of the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation? Hearing that sounds a lot more jarring in 2025 lmao
so democracy in the US is not technically democratic?
2:15 ‘more concrete was installed in the last two decades outside the United States, than the US installed during the entire 20th century.’ this comparison has been bothering me for years (i watch this video 3-4 times a year), i mean yeah, i get that the US was practically built from the ground up in those hundred years,  but other countries all over the world started using concrete on this great modern scale in the same time period. so the amount of concrete used by the US in the 20th century is not that outstanding in comparison. and comparing that era (1900’s US) to a much more modern, globalized and absurdly industrialized era on a territory much bigger and complex (early 2000’s WHOLE WORLD but the US) and saying that the latter one is the bigger amount is so obvious and even unnecessary that i just couldn’t get over it. i mean, yeah of course more concrete was used in the whole world in the last 20 years than in the US in the 1900’s, sure, and cars have more wheels than bikes on average, why bother making a fact out of it?  then, tonight i finally looked it up. China alone uses the amount of cement the US used in the 20th century every 2 to 3 years and this has been true for at least 10 years now. now, i know cement and concrete are not the same, but their usage is really dependent on each other and comparing cement to cement or concrete to concrete gives the same result (not exactly of course, but let’s pretend). given this data, i think what Michael should have said is ‘more concrete was installed in the last two *~years* outside the United States, than the US installed during the entire 20th century.’ or maybe even *~every year for the last two decades* wouldn’t be a far stretch, if the rest of the rest of the world’s production can match China’s, i don’t have data on that. it still would be a more accurate comparison than the whole last two decades on the whole planet. that just doesn’t say anything. to me at least.  love y’all.
Micheal, you were flexing the table when you put your arms on it.
Humans also know about the madness of the crowd
Micheal looks like Walter Wight
Back here again. What a good video.
why there is music in the background? this videos are already hard enough for someone like me to understand
20:47: This seems like a bad idea overall, though. Sure, we've both done only half of the work, but since we have only found arguments in favour of our own view, we have done nothing to resolve our initial question of who was right. Even worse, with the now-bolstered confidence of all the "evidence" we found in our favour, it is likely that the argument will now get even more heated and we are even less likely to reach a conclusion. Leading to even more research and cognitive work done. A never ending vicious circle of more and more work for absolutely no solution.  Whereas, if confirmation bias DIDN’T exist, sure we'd both have to do the full initial work of researching both sides. But since we would then both have the same info, if there were no biases involved, we would now reach the same conclusion, thus have a decision and could both go about our day without additional time or mental resources dedicated to this problem. Surely, that would be overall more efficient and should therefore be evolutionarily preferable, no?
13:56: and this, ladies and gentlethems, has been proven by experiments on split brain patients. In humans, one half of the brain controls one half of the body and the other half controls the rest. Usually we don't notice that, since the two halves communicate constantly. In split brain patients, this communication is disrupted, so there are truly two halves of the brain acting as two independent people controlling one body.  There have been experiments where one half was given instructions to do something – say, pick all of the apples out of a basket of fruit – while the other half of the brain couldn't receive that information (e.g. because there were headphones playing music on one ear, or one of the eyes was shut and the instructions were written on paper etc.) Now when the task is complete and the researchers ask the OTHER half of the brain, the one that doesn't know there were instructions to complete this task, why it just did what it did, it will IMMEDIATELY come up with a seemingly logical explanation for why it did it, even though in truth, it was just following the instructions of the researchers.  This stuff is fascinating when you're trying to understand how human consciousness and reason work and if you'd like to learn more about it, there are a lot of good informational videos on it available
Praising "Crowd intelligence" while talking about emissions.   Sadly this is the most naive Vsauce video I've seen so far. Or is it? (pretty macabre, as he mentioned the "great filter" too, suggesting that we won't make it BECAUSE of crowd intelligence?)
11:34 clip
The problem with a Lottocracy... is that it is a minority of people who are not experts in all fields to judge for the majority... the fact that it is unbiased, and a random selection of people... does not solve that it is a tyranny of the minority, nonetheless... it is just a tyranny of ignorance.  All the problems you describe are solved when you actually allow the social system to vote in the most democratic way possible... with their actions and their trades and purchases in a pure free market... Anarchy... voting with their dollar... voting with the dollar is the most nuanced and honest vote... because it can be divided among micro decisions of the individual... and finding something worthy of me having a financially vested interest in the things... people tend to spend money on things that matter to themselves... they are telegraphing the things that matter from their perspective... and if what matters to them, also matters to others... then those votes will accumulate to influence the market my making the demands and trades necessary to orchestrate filling your demands.  When you truly allow the wisdom of the crowd... allow people to participate in the Free Market however they want, they will eventually organize in the ways most beneficial to society... and the Free Market will fill all the necessary roles that the government currently fills, and eliminates the unnecessary...  and the Free Market will do a superior job at a lower cost.  So, instead of a sample group of people that are only experts in their individual fields... making decisions about all major things for all people...  Use the greatest size group... the entire population... to produce the most smoothed out averages... but simultaneously allowing the experts to influence their pockets of expertise appropriately with the nuances of everyone to cater to their degree of influence on the complex system as a whole... every area of the system has the people that should be focused on that area, working in that space.  In a world where government doesn't have monopoly power to sell to organizations... the customer is the one in charge.  So you have the entire population that is holding the organizations implementing order... accountable.
You speak of uncertainty in science... but make the incredibly anti-human biased absolute statement that we should be producing zero of these gases.  We are natural beings that produce Co2... and even considering our increase in production due to technology and growth... increasing global temperatures increases habitable regions for life... and our forests and vegetation regulates upper temperature extremes... and Co2 feeds that expanding growth...  Yet this type of propaganda goes hand in hand with plant based diet agendas... on false claims of being more environmentally friendly... meanwhile, due to the limited climate zones capsblebof supporting plant based agriculture for human consumption... is unsustainable and results in deforestation to clear for new land to untilize soil that hasn't been depleted of nutrients yet... destroying that Co2 filter and temperature regulator....
14:40 unless you are autistic lol
Im pretty sure extraterrestials know exactly where we are and what we are and they decided to stay the hell away from this self and other form of life destroying beings, who seems to be full of themselves as well. No wonder we cant find anyone, were too toxic, we need to sort our sh.t out first...🙏
Such an insanely good video. I think it is good for your philosophical alterego to watch this every other year :p
Billionaires will not save us. They are still people, just like all of us. They didn’t do something miraculous to “earn” their wealth. They were either lucky or ruthless. My life experience has taught me so far that the folks I see on a day to day basis are not lazy, whether they’re an accountant or slinging burgers, they work hard. The “people are lazy” reasoning is ironically such a lazy reason to not care about the lives of others. We have to be able to think beyond our line of sight. Or we won’t survive. That’s the truth. And I also believe we all know that deep down. We can continue moving toward better things, but only if we can understand each other.
i feel like this video now needs a part two...
Too much for my brain. I need to re-watch it multiple times to fully grasp the complex things he's talking about in this video.
I wish i could explain things this way. How many hours go into a script like this and how many writers are involved? ididzeroresearch
Thank you very much for posting this diamond of a video
Going back and building on the jellybean experiment. A more accurate representation I feel like would be having the group work together to come up with a solution instead of averaging all of their own ideas. This would then be giving data to support (though we already have that data just expanding on an existing idea here) that when reasoning as a collective we can come to a more accurate solution. Henceforth wisdom of the crowd in a slightly altered experiment.
10:11 do you have any more like this?? It’s very interesting!
Who else is here because it was suggested after his recent short
Yeah, and Athens fell, democracy didn't protect it. Obviously, the average person is of average intelligence, half the population is the dumbest half, collective ideologies spring past collective reasoning. Recomendation is best.
But Mary wasn't mentioned at all whether she was married or unmarried, how is the answer yes????      Btw mad drunk
Has this video ever been more relevant?
I’m high rn and for some reason I started being hyperfocused on every small individual instance of body language. I’m about to have finals in my public speaking class and I’m realizing just how good Michael is at public speaking. The man has always been so engaging and informative and I feel like he reaches all audiences on a personal level. Envious of your talent, Michael!!
Blame the idiot god of early undeveloped piss-drinking man. 😂
Helios has spoken.   True end, DE:IW
Great video VSauce! I think it's interesting to think that way.
24:49 typo in caption with the word suggest being spelt as, “suggets” 28:10 typo in caption with the word ancients being spelt as, “anceint”
Fucking mind blowing man
Crushed it Mike
I make more sense than ever
This message causes me to consider that other viewpoints and reasoning ought to be more valued to reach better conclusions
I love your conclusion regarding people's involvement in political decisions and ongoing contribution by people chosen at random from the communities,  this could spread political, economic and geographic understanding to us all and be of benefit to creating a reasoned living on a more thoughtful and generous basis.
Praise the Lord!
i am so happy i know vsauce guy, other on david attenborough, two lights in the dark sooooooooo good
🥰A ‘techno sapien’ powered by imaginations and passions made real by a hallowed faculty
If mary is married then you logic is wrong to assume information not given
vsauuce brother, the world needs more of you, thank you
17:39 does it mean modern feminists have brains ? Or do I just suck at Reasoning?
19:16 I haven't finished watching the entire video quite yet but this theory seems to explain quite well why Trump can be considered ideally evolved in relation to his second electoral victory: Both in terms of his ability to conjure reasons for beliefs and to provide reasons only as he is pressed, he might actually be a perfectly evolved social mechanism. 🤔
14:19 Except that autistic people perform this exact kind of calculus to determine demeanour... 🤷‍♀️
Your channel only includes and talks about white people. How is that ever going to get the human race anywhere how is that philosophy?
00:37 that’s me ..and I hate it!!
I just started watching your long-form videos. And  Dude I absolutely love your channel. Every video lead to solutions, highlighting the much bigger problems (or features) of our current society. And every time, you do it in such a lovely manner. Well done, my friend. You've got one more person who wants to do their part. <3
RANDOM GOVERNMENT NOW!
14:13 I am autistic, this is a bad example for me.  You are describing exactly what I think about.
great video but trusting bill gates is not the move
I miss Vsauce
This Video hits hard December 2024
14:13 i have pure o ocd and this is exactly what i do haha
Or is it.
Technocracy + lottocracy.
coupon!
Partnering with Bill Gates? Reason is definitely out the window!
This Is  Beautiful  Such an amazing video, listening in 2024. Very insightful, very happy god has blessed us with the ability to communicate ideas instantaneously God bless
The fact that this video came out just before the AI boom is crazy
Who's watching this in 508 BCE ?
You’ve just validated and acknowledged everything I’ve been thinking and feeling for a long time. Thank you. I no longer feel so crazy
Took Psychology and Philosophy in uni, this blew my mind. Amazing. Thank you
I am a lifelong learner and this blew my mind.
This didn't age well, what with america's election
The just amount of alcohol + Vsauce = satisfaction
the music is hitting so hard in this one
I think that it would be entirely reasonable to have individual letters and mailings be sent to vote for what is currently changing locally and federally. Decide it by the actual votes. Not a faint voice of half the state
2:42 maybe to those who have a world view that’s a logically fallacious construct and constantly piling on with direct disregard of reality for the sake of comfort in conformity.  The earth is not a globe. Anyone who sees a @killateraldamage live lecture, demonstration or lecture on  “The law of arbitrament concluding objective facts of reality” and not question your beliefs. You are a coward, liar and a fraud.
Lost me at recommending a bill gates book.
Love it, thank you
Wow I miss these vids from Vsauce, so insightful. I wish fans of his can get together and just chat. I wonder how AI and the new reasoning capabilities tie into this?
Who is here after the 2024 US election results?
Yapparoni
This is now more relevant than ever before for the USA
Michael, we need you here as 2024 comes to a close!!!!
one of the best channels ever
Technosapien ...oooh
Can I use your Time Machine please?
Reasoning is the most effective tool for change in the short term. Unfortunately, reasoning is easily hijacked with bad information.
Court
Show reason crt
"The world is not a logic puzzle"- correct, but incomplete. It is not "a logic puzzle"... It is a COLLECTION of logic puzzles.
14:25 welcome to autism
ONE SINGLE TAKE........nice
23:50 where does his watch go?.....  then it comes back?
Bill Gates might want to rethink making a video that makes you think....hmmmmmmm
18:32 coupon!
14:16 unexpected destiny impression
One God and one Holy Spirit, to whom every man will submit out of love. Such a system makes sense and such a system will exist again on the New Earth, where there will be perfect peace, perfect happiness and eternal life (the lost paradise will be restored). Lucifer and people subject to him want to be like God and based on their "wisdom" they want to create such a system, but it will end tragically. Imperfection (sinfulness: stupidity, egoism, appearance of faith and piety, etc.) cannot create perfection, but they have to convince themselves of this on their own skin.....
Masterpiece.
Makes me think of Ursula le Guins the dispossessed
Me, before finishing the video:  In Bill's Ted Talk, he says the equation must get as close to zero as possible, just like Michael says.  The only way so far suggested for us to get to zero emissions calls for depopulation.
lost me at "bill gates"....
Hi
"Just good enough" (23:32) Satisficing at it's finest.
Are the captions another test/experiment, Michael? I just realized that, at least thrice, it has added extra words; at first, I thought it was just a fluke. But now, it seems deliberate...
beings and the spectrum
I love this BUT, to toe this into a billionaires money driven environmental agenda makes me really sad. Science says we’re on track for another ice age, that and the fact that said billionaire and his colleagues and fellow billionaires, produce more Emissions that I could if I lived 20 lifetimes, makes the environmentalist agenda a complete joke to me. Plus the fact that the legislation surrounding this topic leads with titles like “environmental safety act”, yet have not a single thing to do with protecting the environment, make it clear that any billionaire/ politician mentioning the environment, want to pass laws under that same guise, that have nothing to do with the environment.
I love this BUT, to toe this into a billionaires money driven environmental agenda makes me really sad. Science says we’re on track for another ice age, that and the fact that said billionaire and his colleagues and fellow billionaires, produce more Emissions that I could if I lived 20 lifetimes, makes the environmentalist agenda a complete joke to me.
at 29:58 i was expecting michael saying  . . .  or is it...   (to be continued...)
Michael 4 President 🇺🇸
Thanks Vsauce!
I feel like Michael released all of these videos when I wasn't ready for them 😭  I revisit these all the time, and as I get older, they just make me think more.   Appreciate the library always being here to revisit
I have been wondering and debating how one would structure the ideal form of government since middle school, and the concepts provided at the end are fascinating. It also ties neatly into the research done on how we don't really seem to function in large groups where it becomes too hard to agree on something. Of course we function best in a system where we can talk to everyone involved. Empathy cannot thrive in a world where we are disconnected, and it is absolutely necessary for humanity to persist. Ensuring altruistic thinking would be the most important pillar of a well-functioning society, and forcing people to participate in group exercises might actually work. I for sure would like to do some good, and I'm sure most people would.  Someone should write some sci-fi about a future in a world where there's AGI, but we still control aspects of government by such group thinking exercises. Although insuring that it is truly random and _actually executed_ is quite a challenge
Nobody likes bill gates
Have I already liked this video? Yup! Damn it, alright then, commenting: I love this video!
11:21 Наш слоняра!!!
i hope we get to see more videos like this in the future
This video sure hits different in November 2024
Yay!
...more
Therefore, God is real. That’s what’s implicit in this knowledge/wisdom.
And now???? What can I do? I dont even think that my reasons are true anymore, not even that It will be true anymore, anytime. Help
"we are a species of individuals that is also one big interdependent lumbering growth, a frantic blur of flesh and concrete, a technosapien powered by imaginations and passions made real by a hallowed faculty we call: reason." this summation is truly poetic
We know that people are people. Acknowledging it, are people people? The logical answer is people are people. Those were the brief conclusions from the first half of the video. It looks like a philosophical gum for unbusy man. So it has a little sense for me now.
This video hits hard after the 2024 election
2:38 This whole segment. This video just becomes more and more potent with every year. Everyone should see this video at least once.
1:47 "[...] suffer less [...]" - I beg to differ
Keep talking this mumbo jumbo. I know I am not the only one that gets the run around.  Whatever. I guess your bullshit logic doesn't care about anyone, just it's stupid so called logic.
How about this logic puzzle... I am needing my medicine, I don't have my medicine, I haven't had it for a while, I keep getting the run a round. I still need my medicine, the pharmacy I used to get it from said on the phone word for word that they don't have medicine. And another night will pass without me being able to take my medicine. Is that logic, if so it really sucks 😕.
I don't know about all of your fancy big gigantic words and phrases, but I do know that all human life should be worth more than those fancy terms, and life should be more valuable too
I'm seeing us headed for a much colder crueler world. Kevin hart said on a YouTube clip that NOBODY CARES, and from my experience and existence in this world, the decades of existence, I see clearly that this world truly doesn't care.  I ,today, went to my caseworker to get him to help me get my medicine that I didn't have, and he told me that he couldn't help me talk to my doctor because it was with a different hospital or something like that, it sounded stupid to me, but he stressed laws and rules and while he was talking about laws and rules, I still didn't have my medicine, and when I left his office, I still didn't have the medicine I need. Nobody cares, especially about a Nobody like me, I guess
Everyone have to have everything....  Theory of everything
When Michael was talking about how you reach the conclusion that someone is upset it made me think about how autism affects your ability to reason. I know someone is upset because I’ve memorised how their faces move when they are upset. I know a frown means someone’s sad, I know crying is a sign someone’s hurt, I know that furrowed brows mean someone’s angry and I know a smile means someone’s happy. I don’t know much more than that. If I put conscious effort into learning a specific persons face (like for example, my baby sisters) I can usually start to figure out more complex emotions, but that’s not always accurate and people also don’t always know how they feel. For example, my baby sister might make a face that I know from asking her in the past and memorising the expression means she’s upset, but when I ask her now she will insist that she isn’t because she believes she isn’t (and maybe she really isn’t). Humans are so complicated!
Don’t worry Trump won. 🏆 we don’t have to worry about this anymore 🎉🎉🎉
Lottocracy is the dictatorship of the ignorant. The average person does not know nearly enough to make important decisions.
This sounds like a V Sauce intro https://youtube.com/shorts/_gTTICYl4As?si=pPQjfIUFwhJT0YWP
Anarchy!
Judge: What was your reasoning behind all of this? Me: I thought you'd never ask. *pulls out the bookmarked video on locked screen: Hey Vsauce!*
Micheal should run for President
Micheal for president!!! Haha
watching this after the election is really depressing. I don't think the billionaires are going to saves us from ourselves now I really want a lottocracy
14:20 wait you dont?
I loved the intro music, what is the name
One dose of Vsauce 🥴🥴🥴
Great
W video watched it while I was cooking and didn’t check other socials once.
It was a great video, truly thought provoking and introduction of new ideas. Loved it
Thank you vsauce I have adhd and sometimes its hard to sleep, your videos help me to fall asleep
Atlant3D & Nanosys. let's live in the matrix
Here after Trump's re-election... good luck with our hyper-object 👍🏾
I always said you need to lie differently to each, to tell the truth.
Sounds great, but the problem is people as a whole we have been diluted by the very thing has saved us. Technology. You said it yourself. Pollution… So, in the end the majority cannot and will not have the answers we need to survive. Only one has been deemed worthy to open the scrolls of life. The Lamb of God.
The Holy One, I hath returned to thou old videos
I feel like we could benefit from conducting the same experiment from the episode of mind field with the magician, but this time with subjects who are particularly introverted or antisocial. Since reason has social ties, we might find that those who are less social have a less "filtered" sense of reason...? This may have already been done, idk. I just had that thought and nobody is around for me to share it with. lololol 🎉🎉🎉
16:35 We can not anymore, people are progressively getting weaker both mentally (increasing suicide rate) and physically (increasing obesity rate). I'm really uncertain about the future.
if everyone listend to michael life would be like a cokacola ad
man this was a long Youtube short
I Am form, feeling consciousness with perception and volition . The clear light of awareness,  the seat of consciousness, nameless and free. Learn meditation or live in Samsara forever basically is what they say.
"The crowd" is known as "the pub test" in Australia
❤
This video is brilliant. I wish more people watch this
The greatest YouTuber of all time
I was right thought i was wrong and tried argueing why i couldnt have been right 😵
👏👏
I cannot explain it but I'm feeling like this is one of the best videos ever made on youtube.
Gates is still scum
There is no climate disaster and Bill Gates is a psychopath
Nasty tone now with an American presidential candidate saying we need pure blood and the enemy is within.
@14:15 as an autistic person, this is indeed how i recognise ither peoples emotions
14:30 music name?
Micheal please come back
Why in the world would Michael Steven’s partner with bill gates
3 years ago AI wasn’t a thing. Donald Trump had an assassination attempt in July this year then had 2 more attempts. So many YouTubers/celebrities/artists are getting so many allegations on a day by day basis. So I hope that the future of reasoning gets better 3 years from now. 2027 🌚👏🏾🦋
Garcia Donna Rodriguez Larry Johnson Elizabeth
But Paul was actually the unmarried one and Peter was actually married lol
15:36 It's not a bug, *it's a feature.*
15:41 me when i bought a 16 tool pocket knife only knowing what like 5 of the tools were
I had this talk with my friends in class and broke their "minds".
1:22 that was the the most Luffy (One piece for the uninitiated) thing ever said in real life
I noticed that your diagram had the gas methane on it.  Every time a human farts or burps they produce methane.  Every time we throw out things in our compost pile that produces methane.  Every time a squirrel, mouse, possum, dog, cat, etc. takes a s*** they're producing methane.  It's impossible for our planet to produce zero.
Hernandez Christopher Harris James Hernandez Joseph
good video
🎱♾️
Rodriguez Jose Martin Brian Martin Matthew
Martinez Kenneth Gonzalez William Smith Robert
Hernandez Charles Miller Timothy Williams Jason
Lee Shirley Hall Betty Lewis Mary
Thompson Jason Harris Betty Gonzalez Daniel
You lost me the second you quoted Bill Gates book,
Where is your mind? Is it in Uranus?
Martin Gary Moore Richard Clark Sandra
Anderson Jason Rodriguez Betty Davis Linda
Your Chanel is … it’s beautiful. It’s art, it’s science, it’s idiocy with interwoven intelligence, it’s …. So unique. Honestly this is a contribution to our society , this Chanel, and I hope to see it post again in the future, especially long videos.
Miller Jason Taylor Paul Hernandez Kevin
When you realize another full length video I’ll tip toe my way into the shower!  Day 1 no shower
White Steven Hall Carol Taylor Charles
The majority of people is too ignorant to be trusted control of our lives
I am not an elephant……
26:10 mandatory group philosophy class
15:10 givin me sir Francis bacon vibes
10:50 these reminders of just how stupid I am haha makes sense why I'm such a failure in life.
Don’t worry guys my reasoning skills have already evolved my children will carry the future.
A mind is like π.  Infinite inside, but outside it's small.
Either U'r videos geting harder to understand or I'mbjust getting more stupid
Idk I still didn’t get my answer as to why my roommate is such a bitch 😂
Michael: "can you measure it with an awesome-ometer?" Barney: CHALLENGE ACCEPTED
Michael: "What does it mean to be awesome?" Barney: yes
Michael is my favorite human
This is the reason that mixture of experts and agent-based AI might actually be a good way towards AGI. Maybe a collection of AI agents could discuss and find the solution for us along with a good reason. Lets scale things up. Maybe a set of twenty different AI models can be trained with slightly different training data that would lead to good research. We can even provide hierarchies of authority for a less chaotic reasoning process.
Jones Betty Wilson Jose Rodriguez Nancy
Davis Matthew Taylor Shirley Allen Eric
Jones Susan Thomas Lisa Clark Deborah
Lopez Frank Thomas Kimberly Walker Ronald
Jones Steven Walker Amy Miller Jeffrey
Moore Karen Perez Richard Gonzalez Donna
You could build an entire degree program with this as the outline.  Also, climate deniers not welcome here. No wisdom in those crowds. 😏
3 years later, the point that our social nature is both the root and the boon of our ability to reason so deeply is still impactful.
The people who need to hear this don't have the attention span to watch or comprehend this entire video.
You heard Vsauce!! We need to release zero CO2 a year!! Quick everyone, stop breathing!!!
Lottocracy just sounds like worse direct democracy. If you want everyone to have an equal say, just give EVERYONE a say. It's the 21st century, we can use technology to give everyone a vote. Some places already do this with public referendums.
This is unreasonable
Wow this was very insightful……alright I’m headed back to the echo chamber 👋
Im about to start a master's in cognitive science. Way to go YouTube!
Anderson Jessica Rodriguez Larry Lopez Michelle
Gonzalez Sarah Rodriguez Patricia Thomas John
Williams Laura Jones Kimberly Lewis Ruth
I am not the person i was 30 mins ago
Taylor Kevin Smith Ronald Miller Susan
Jackson Sandra Gonzalez Thomas Taylor Nancy
Williams Melissa Gonzalez Maria Walker Melissa
Anderson Anna Davis Larry White Carol
Young Ronald Lopez Matthew Hall Susan
Davis Jeffrey Jones Jessica Rodriguez Anthony
1:57 "or is it" I like your way of questioning things.❤
Someone mentioned ads, i forgot ads exist on youtube, crazy how vsauce put no ads in this 30 minute video while people milk ads by making their videos just within the 8: mark
The Engima of Reason was a great read. Can anyone recommend other books like this?
Michael is so smart he can literally manifest books into his hands
Davis Scott Jones Donna Allen Elizabeth
12:46
Martinez Paul Harris Betty White Kenneth
Wilson Kevin Taylor Carol Rodriguez Sharon
I fear apathy is too encouraged to root out corruption even through a lottocracy. Powers at be will erode the randomly elected person's support making them dependent on a factions resources.   Corporations would be emboldened to spread constant misinformation and propaganda so when someone who aligns with their views gets selected, they know to reach out to them for assistance.  The best we could hope for is essentially a body of government that is randomly selected with majority of voting power, that somehow has a tamper proof system of selection
7:13 peter parkers ears begin to perk up
Martinez Patricia Davis Mark Hernandez Edward
Jones Jeffrey Garcia Jessica Lee Michael
Stick that climate change shit where the sun don"t shine.
Smith Scott Anderson Nancy Clark David
Wilson Christopher Gonzalez Lisa White Gary
Davis Kenneth Clark Anna Harris Laura
Hernandez Betty Perez Gary Johnson Jason
vsauce videos are peak youtube
11:00 how the f*ck do people get that wrong ? Holy 😂
When he says "We need to release..... 0" I get a bit confused..  We need to release 0 for what? Optimal what? Life?  Nature?  I am confused why he chose the words "need" and "zero".  If we release 0... Then the world stops. And trust me.. The disaster that follows would stomp whatever emission output we are dealing with today. As in.. MOST people would die. So who´s life would benefit from 0 emission? Or in what way would nature strive if nobody would be there to appreciate nature in the first place?  Let me make an assumtion here..  Mike is talking about "We" but he actually means "The planet". That incl. 0 humans.  He is saying that, in order for the world to thrive 100% humans needs to stop everything. I agree.  But why then use "we" ?  Because WE are the only one who would EVER be able to make that happen while also not destroying the world. (As an asteroid could also fix the issue but... With no positive outcome for nature.)  But why would we doom ourself with the idea of stopping the world, kill billions and save trees?  Do not get me wrong. I understand the benefits of lower bombs of emission. Even the dumbest would see that as a good thing. But I would never be so naive as to say "Kill yourself to let Mr. [insert random animal here] live.  Now like I said.. It is an assumtion.  Can someone explain to me what else he could have meant?  I doubt Mike is blind to the fact that 0 emission means 0 life. And 0 countries would agree with an 0 emission law/policy.  I doubt he is blind to the fact that ever since human brains had "ideas" we have always worked towards an easier life for ourself and others. We need to do things faster. Stronger. Harder. Better. Cheaper. Healthier.  You cannot achieve that while also working towards 0 emission.  And Mike, being an American, should also realise that Americans are among the FEW who still have not figured out energy as they STILL cook food on gas stoves.  So what is going on here?  No arguments tho please.. .Just teach me.
The older I get, the less I agree that we  are a community
So in summary: We reason badly, not because we can't make good reasons, but because we want to make something up *at least* instead of saying nothing of importance.
What about marxism
Hall John Anderson Timothy Moore Jessica
Here again. Just checking in. This video is awesome.
Micheal do you goon?
Anyone here in 2024
4 years...
This is one of the greatest videos on YouTube. I keep watching it from time to time and still my mind gets blown.
the Reasler
We need massive global depopulation, not to be concerned about bringing people BACK to life!
Vsauce had done many videos relating to humanity and society, but this one might be the most sophisticated one yet. And on top of such a cool topic too: reasoning.
This video has amazing ideas, with good reasons, but, now I wonder if those reasons matter.
Thomas Ronald Clark Anna Harris Sarah
Man, I miss these long form videos
Taylor Eric Wilson Deborah Clark George
This didn’t feel like 30 minutes, but the capability he has to cram that much information and make it feel shorter than what it is, is astonishing.    I always feel a sense of existential crisis yet security when I watch his videos, they’re executed in a way that gives a sense of logical peace yet an unsettling feeling that this way of thinking isn’t a global thing and very few will think this way or process things in a logical and less emotional way.
Young Sandra Martinez Margaret Walker Eric
1:56 i love how i was able to say or is it at the same time 😭
Please my friends follow god ❤❤❤❤
but... why is it real?
Is it weird that when I see someone upset I actually go through the thought process that he said we don't...
I think ima point to this guy and say he right, tell me why not!
Beautiful video.
where is my mind? way out in the water, see it swimming
your the most favorite part of my mind vsauce
what we think is a contrast between reason or logic and the complexity of modern technology or new inventions, is the reflection of the material relations of our society: and this contrast is between society's production and the distribuition of its products. You say it yourself, in the beginning of the video, that products or services are becoming more common and affordable, and yet we are stuck with famines and crisis; You also showed how we as a species are developing faster and faster, and yet even faster we are also destroying our planet. This is not simply a contrast between reason and technology, this is a conflict between the ever growing production and the uncorresponsive distribuition: for centuries, production of goods has been an individual activity (craftsmanship etc) and its distibuition was also individual, or better, private, for it was only natural that the artisans owned their products. The only connection with society that individual producers had was through commerce, and commerce, the exchange of products, was determined by a social process that happened behind the very producers: therefore it was anything but controllable. Individual, private production and the natural private appropriation of one's own products combined with the exchange of the surplus product on the social network of commerce: this caused an anarchy of production. So how did we end up like this today, with an exponential growth of the fruits of reason, wich are materially the products of labour, and an exponential growth of misery? Individual production was fine for one's own subsistence, but with the discovery of the New World, therefore with the expansion of the market, of commerce, a new type of production, that concentrated lots of tools, means of production, in an individuals hands, too many for one to use but adequate for a collective to use, all of this was now possible; and also the anarchy of production pushed this development. Around the XVI century, this social production grew as a stronger production over the older ways of production: once it destroyed all of its obstacles through political and economical revolutions, on the closing of the XVIII century, it finally established its self as the dominant way of production: this way is capitalism. Still the question, if this was a better way, progressive form of economics, why the contrast (wich is the topic of this video)? Why are so many things so common and affordable and yet we starve in the streets? Why are we advancing so much but advancing as much is also the degradation of Earth? As we have seen, capitalism is based on social production, on the labour, on the "reason" of a working collective; but capitalism developed to simply produce better and more commodities than older forms of productions, and the production of commodities to *sell* is based on the old way of distribuition, of the private appropriation of the goods, even though the private is not required to participate at all in the productive process: so eventhough a collective group of working and paid people is actually the one setting the tools in motion, this collective is not the one to own its product, but a second individual, the private capitalist will own it, because of the laws of commerce (the capitalists bought the means of production and the labour-made-commodity, workforce, of some people; therefore the capitalists simply own the goods that they bought). So, a social production against a private distribuition: this is the contrast between reason and technology, this is the contradiction of capitalism's nature. But what about the destruction of our planet and the crisis? Capitalism, on top of private appropriation of social products, inherited the anarchy of social production: back in the day, the artisan crafted products not knowing if anyone will ever need what he or she produced, or if anyone will ever buy it; the working class produces for its capitalists, and the capitalists don't really know if anyone will buy etc. The more we progress, or better, the more capitalism progresses, the contradiction between social production, private distribuition and anarchy of social production (the exchange of goods), this contradiction also progresses, and so crisis, famine, war, misery, climate change: the progress of this contradiction between "the fruits of reason and the complexity of it all", social production and private distribuition, also generates, on one side, the tools, the productive forces, to revolutionize the distribuition accordingly to the social production and to replace the anarchy of production with an organized economic plan; and on the other side the constantly expanding class of workers that will use these very tools to revolutionize society. I think this is a very interesting video, but in my opinion, on the basis of the topics it touches, scientific socialism and historical materialism would have been good elements.  dont trust bill gates, he's only worried bout his capitals....
The best video Vsauce has ever madr.
14:14 Well I do
Truly a well made video
I laid in bed just listening to the whole video and it was so nice
I’m honestly realizing how awful my attention span is. I keep clicking on a short every 10 seconds. I wish there was a way to show only long form content on YouTube
So technically I'm your mind?
Literally the only video other than online lectures, where I've watched a man sit at one place and talk for so long, without getting myself bored. Props to Michael for this amazing script. The way the video progresses is just so smooth and so interesting, I never felt like switching to some other video, for the entirety of this video.
having a brain split in two, means i can always remember unless i dont feel like it.
so ironic this is sponsored by bill gates, good video though.
Didn’t say Mary is looking back. I call foul
Would love a National Deliberation Day, or even groups that encourage real human discussion. Amazing video :)
okay, at 24:50 he’s totally talking about the dangers of ai
Give this man a Nobel Prize.
Pretty interesting for the first 20 minutes but the "Wisdom of the Crowd" is fake and exaggerated
“One day we will all be the ancients”
14:28 I'm sorry, Micheal, but I think you just forgot about autistic people-
8:05
Soon, this comment will be seconds old, minutes old, hours old, weeks old, months old, years old, I won’t remember commenting it, but everyone else any time in the future will know I did.
The mind of humanity must be in self-sync in order to function properly.
From 14:18 onward: Is it just me or DO I need such indicators to know?
It does not evolve
I AM MICHEAL THE AWESOME ELEPHANT
Oh no! You just mentioned Bill Gates. Now every right winger in existence is going to claim your part of some deep state conspiracy.
I could listen to Michael explain huge shit for hours. Some of my favorite content here
i've heard it called "universal draft"  by KS Robinson, but lottocracy is interesting term too.   love it
<html> <head> </head> <body> <b>Hello World</b> </body>
Thanks to vsauce, every time I hear a diminished chord I start to doubt everything that's around me
Vsauce is my president
A
Uhh boy was Vsauce wrong XD Today is not reasoning today - quite the oposite
The EU adopts a kind of similar composition doesn't it?
17:46 - 19:55 is how blatant racism happens then subsequently gets denied en masse hahahaha wow
Social theory explains EXACTLY what goes on social media (and why I had to leave it) oh my God!
If people can be quantumly recreated, what does it mean to even live. If the need to naturally birth new people becomes obsolete, what then would the point of continuing humanity even be.   At that point the only existential distinction between individuals will be the arbitrary social construct of unique consciousness.   But for those with the eyes to see, we will be exposed as just nature colonizing nature and the act of labelling humanity as special will be recognized as a pathetic attempt at confronting mortality.
Vsauce for Emperor 2024
I think my mind is a Missing 411 case
Fantastic video
The US House of Representatives is supposed to be several times larger than it currently is
This should be mandatory viewing.
My brain is on fire now. So much to think about. I believe spectacular video is not an overstatement. Perpetual challenge to they way I think is what I’m after
It’s asking if a married person is looking at an unmarried person. Peter is unmarried and Paul is married. Peter and Paul are NOT looking at eachother so it’s No.
michael for world president
Exclusive access: interview with Binance CEO for insights into future developments
Damn awesome
Playfully, high five! Your money's gone on a little adventure from the bank to your Visa/Mastercard card and made it in one piece!
Sarcastically, oh, what a knockout! Apparently, your oh-so-"stellar" Sales Incentive payment has been oh-so-"processed."
Back here once again for my monthly dose of this video.
but what if I'm autistic!!! (Upset example) That sounds exactly how I find out people are upset!!
I understand how Mary is presumably either married or unmarried. Therefore In either case a married person is looking at an unmarried person. However, I still don't think there is sufficient information to know the answer to this or any other logic puzzle. For example, if we include being named "Mary" as a qualification for being "Married," then an unmarried married person is looking at an unmarried married or married married person in the first line. Then in the second line a married married or unmarried married person is looking at an unmarried unmarried person. What dialect of English is this? How can we be sure that the words mean what we think they mean? How can any expression of language convey any objective information? It can't. It's just sounds assigned to meanings that appear to be, or that we've agreed to think mean what we think they mean. So if we're going to look at things as granularly as is the theme of this video, in my view, the answer to any question is I don't know. Perhaps "I don't know, but this answer appears to be right/would be more useful if we agreed it was right."
Michael is just a different level of human being that no one could ever even imagine being, what a dude.
I will be the best ancient.
Life's a playground, so wear that smile proud.
this is my favorite Vsauce video. the Banach-Tarski paradox and How to Count Past Infinity were my go-to's for a while but this one is truly the best work. not counting Mind Field in such a thought, that show is a whole other animal (Cognitive Trade-off Hypothesis is my favorite there for the record, maybe Stilwell Brain...)
You just killed your channel. Your dead now.
Reason, like Faith, exists for those who cannot live without clinging to them.
I think some of this video really explains why I see people piling up arguments that are bad to argue for their position
If you were in the room with this guy,, while you’re high, that would probably one of the best moments ever
The new age bill nye
You heard it here, folks. Michael partnered with Bill Gates for a single video. Now everything he ever said or ever will say is automatically incorrect or a lie meant to greenwash, no matter how unrelated the topic is to Climate Change. (In case you can't tell, I know about the Kurzgesagt drama)
25:05 found Donald Trump's campaign inspiration.
Lost me at "i teamed up with bill gates". Here you are talking about reasoning and then you say you're working with a literal clown. Ridiculous.
One day in the future, if we survive long enough, books will be made referring to people's youtube and twitter comments as if they were the greatest of all axioms.
capitalism is the only thing that makes your video irrelevant and you are promoting it
11:15 Here, in the subtitles, whoever wrote them spelled "immediately" wrong. Or did they?
Dinner dialogues are also really useful.
This video has been liked by 5 percent of viewers.  That's unreal. This guy really connects.
Is the improvement of quality of human life really a quality improvement? If you define quality as accessibility maybe. But at the same time maybe not, we are beginning to realize the convenience has its own “unintended consequences.” Hehe
the music and transactions is his creation he is the ultimate dj trippy
this guy is trippy i would wish Jesus and Muhammad would hug him at the gates of haven .
3:54 the following sounds like he believes world peace is technically impossible or very unlikely
I love this video!!!
15:01 I've certainly become aware of this after spending enough time on the internet.
That was a jumbled mess of nonsense. ;-)
MICHAEL 4 PRESIDENT
With great power comes great responsibility  -uncle ben
I forgot about that time that v sauce partnered with the most evil man on the planet to talk about the end of the world that happens every 12 years.
4:56 I love the editing
12:08 michael captured my depression and antisocial tendencies.
Ok let’s be communicative.. This video is underrated! Waaaay underrated
Sorry Michael I’m not smart enough for this one 😢
wait... are we watching the same video? This comment section does not make sense the video is 3 minutes and there is nothing about vsauce in it edit: silly youtube
Why did you suddenly wear a watch after 17:00 , did anyone else noticed that 🤨
I love you Michael, but I can't trust Gates, his writings or anybody who directly works for him. Man has proven beyond a shadow of a doubt that he's an anti humanist that'll do anything to advance his agenda, no matter how little evidence is behind them. Gotta give this one a pass.
My thoughts as I go through this video:  3:01  "Nearly every part of life as we know it today involves or relies on a process that releases molecules with lopsided electrical charges ... this property causes them to absorb and reemit thermal radiation..."   Highly misleading, this is true of most molecules,. "Lopsided electrical charges" is an unscientific term ... the word is "polarity" and this is taught in the first semester of any high school physics course, and to imply this causes warming globally is extraordinary hyberbole.   3:53   "We need it to release zero."   Says who?  5:29   "I decided to do this in partnership with [Bill Gates] and his team".   This is a grandiose admission of blatant bias and lack of independent objectivity...  7:20   I remember when a bolded word on a page was a unique new term to learn. Now it's just a buzzword used and conveniently defined to advance whatever idea is being talked about. Sad. I remember when I actually used to learn a lot from this channel and it drove my hunger to learn more...  10:35   This one really tested my brain for a second, had to go back multiple times. I wonder why my brain didn't consider this option ... perhaps this stems from flawed SAT Prep logic drilled into my brain back in the day?  11:33   "But are the assumptions true? No."   Why does this need to be mentioned? It's inherent that the assumptions are true, otherwise the whole exercise is nonsense (in other words, Michael bringing this up is nonsensical).   11:53   "Logic can only be a partial tool".  If you every wondered why Americans own so many guns, this thinking is exactly why,   16:33    "Our advantage comes from cognition, reasoning and cooperation".   Blatantly glossing over facts. Yes our cognition and reasoning has allowed us to survive and thrive on Earth, despite our physical limitations against other species. But "cooperation" ... no, this is sorely mistaken. In tribes / small communities this is true, and was true for awhile in the evolution of homo sapiens in hunter-gatherer times. But this is not true when you're talking about an Americans relationship with a random individual in a third-world country.  20:00   Why does "doing your own research" necessarily lead to confirmation bias? Confirmation bias absolutely exists. But this cannot be applied as a blanket term for any piece of information that objectively provides evidence contrary to the prevailing understanding of the current situation.   20:01-end    Bunch of nonsense jibber jabber  TL;DR: Michael is off his rocker and bought out by Bill Gates. If you're looking for any objective scientific info, look elsewhere. RIP Vsauce.
Thanks for making this video. I have been writing a script on this very topic and collecting information/knowledge from all relevant and trusted sources. I keep re-visiting this video over and over again as it basically has most of the things in one video. So, that saves me a lot of time and also, gives me assurance that about my conclusions and understanding. If I ever win an Oscar, I will be highly thankful to you :)
My brain is actually melting from this video
How so you vocalize rubber?
These are all reasons for concepts… you always get me thinking.😅
Q? "How you like them apples". Its a lingo used in sarcasm to mean that some one has been gaining on you if offended   Use medieval 16th century English to apply text as well as provided context  Ans?. "How likest thou them apples?"  This phrase, used with biting sarcasm, conveys the message that one hath gained upon thee in a manner meant to offend.
Is Bill Gates capable of feeling empathy .... I don't think he is...
Hell's Gates of Vsause
Can confirm. My brain is in my phone. Without it, I got nothing... Even with it...🤷‍♂️
'Where is your mind?'   🤨😟😨
Man choose violense
This show was brought to you by George Sorros.
Does agreeing with this video counteracts the points given in this video? Is it all true?
just how much i watch and try to understand this video  i just can never know what this video is talking about
Wow, such a beautiful video. Missing you so much
Inspirational
This makes me question how life well me for generation alpha. Even though i am young, I find a strange urge to learn the most I can now, because it will all be tested later.
Not sure why I missed this video. Anyway, Bill Gates giving you money to pretend he's not just another evil ultra-rich a-hole in his absurd PR campaign is a big no-no for me. Unsubscribed after many, many years, bye Michael.
No,east of town
Man Michael IS Crazy Knowledgeable about things even downright smart id say i cant belive he made it this far like man Partnering with bill gates for a video like MAN God bless ye for sharing and trying to educate the internet Good sir i salute to you
vsauce proletarian W
Micheal: Where is your mind? Medical and Spiritual students: Is that a threat?
Todd Howard thinking at 15:35
The thumbnail looks like miraculous lady bug villian guy
I was disappointed in Michael, when he started explaining the molecules being harmful. Normally he said "But are they" and explained their benefits. He only listed the possible negatives, there are positive but not a word.
I love the fact that every video starts and ends on a different topic to that in the main body. Love your reasoning, Michael
THIS IS HOW TO BASIC
DUDE
I love how in Michael's breakdown of logic puzzles, he admits he's not an elephant, but doesn't say he's not awesome, which the logic puzzle had suggested he was.  Don't know if that was intentional but I think it's a clever bit.
Medicare Mike and Byrein attempted to devise an action plan that would convince the world we are better off using past ways of reasoning for the future. We have decided to stop deciding. That is our decision. - June 1 2024
I´m still waiting for a new season of Vsauce videos, I think they are more needed than ever.
Found it weird because my method of realizing someone is upset doesn’t rely at all on intuition, yes I literally have to look at body language and facial expressions and make a guess. I’m autistic lol
Partnered with Bill Gates. Literally partnered with the scourge of the aid and philanthropy world. Enormous issues related to this. Thought Michael was more aware and conscientious than this.
This is just a logical extension of the Zettelkasten idea
This is FOODSMASHERS!!!
communism
I stopped at reason to tell you thank you I'm going to finish the video now thanks Michael or mikeal
Hyperobjects? It is call the Scientific Method
Hey why don't you ship curiosity box to India I want it
This video like fine wine continues to get better and make more sense as time goes on.  Kudos Michael.
quality of life is rising he says. get a load of this propagandist
So point in case behavioral inertia is obviously the great filter.
I think we should all think skeptically and really understand what's being said here..
What is the music playing at 1:30 ?
Is now the future yet?
NICE, perfect.. Thank you for putting this together.
The future of reasoning is that there’ll be no reasoning. Hell, there’s hardly any reasoning today.
vsauce just casually dropping kant philosophy at the beginning was awesome
just amazing, thank you soo much for sharing your thinking
Why does an "awesome-ometer" sound like a real thing
I have a challenge to anyone reading this. Try and think in a different part of your body other than your brain. Try and speak a word in your mind but instead to your hand or something. It is such a strange concept
The ending of season 2 'To your eternity' sucked but damn it we have a season 3
Lovely how the co2 narrative changed to elemntal particles emmiting thermal radiation
The same Bill Gates that owns a megayacht? He's lecturing me on CO2 output? Thats like Hitler telling me not to hit my dog
We don't know if Mary is married or not.
Actually we DO entrust big decisions to individuals who are very powerful, including Bill Gates, whom you worked with on this video.  There's a lack of self awareness here...
Love the idea of Lottocracy
That guy must have studied logic at the university of science
You solve such a massive and urgent issue with war not with consensus. But let's suppose that consensus is possible. In this case we would need to do through politics and steer power through parties. We need a party that cares about the planet but without Marxism. If the environment flag is one more among a hidden leftist agenda, it will not work ever to build consensus needed.
This is INCREDIBALY well written.
Vsauce is like that one cool science teacher.
I fucking love this channel bruh, Michael Vsauce consistently makes the coolest videos on youtube
Brilliant.
Michael: *explaining that most people don't have to consciously categorize peoples facial expressions in order to recognize their emotions*  Me, who has autism: I'm sorry wHAT
9:26 michael is like "checkmate beasts"
I measured Michael with an awesome-ometer and I can confirm that he is awesome.
Bro that outtro was the hardest thing I’ve ever watched
Sure let’s hand over the big decisions of society to let’s say a bunch of billionaires?
Regarding the Great Filter,   I thought something Brian Cox said was an interesting way to look at it.  He said (paraphrasing),  Maybe, Once a society developes the potential to destroy itself, it becomes fundamentally impossible to govern.      .
I thought plants eat CO2 and create oxygen
Michael seems to me as a modern Aristotle
I disagree with the Paul, Mary and Peter question. I don’t concur that the answer is Yes. Paul is the only one confirmed married. So replace "a married person" in the question with "Paul". There you go.
Michael for president?
bro explained meanings of words we thought were too obvious for us to search up in the dictionary.
I was feeling very hopeful after watching this until reading the comments lolol
Please don’t ever change that music you use when you’re about to blow our mind 😭😂
First of all, we’d be fucked if 73% of the people got chosen at random to make our laws. Second, why tf would Michael team up with Bill Gates? I thought he was more intelligent than that. Like for real, I held Michael in the highest of esteem, I still really like him, but he has fallen a bit in my book. Very thought provoking video though.
Another great thought-provoking video from Vsauce. Lottocratic Party when?
Amazing
I miss vsauce
pussy juice just litteraly materialised in 2024 first video i ever watched of V sauce .. V for vagina and sauce for juice yea ?so pussy juice... Good reasoning there
When I show up to guess 100 trillion jelly beans to throw off the average
I really miss Michael's long videos like these ❤
I might be misunderstanding this, but is Michael saying that the masses should be who make policy decisions?
What an absolute banger of a video, and you didn't even leave your chair!
"Awesome-ometer" -Michael 2022
14:12 as an autistic person, i do
Thats sounds good
So i just exterminate my vote
Fuck were far from perfect thats sad as fuck
Very Interesting V Sauce🤔🤔
The correct pronunciation of Eratosthenes is approximately "eh-ruh-TOS-thuh-neez" with the emphasis on the third syllable, "TOS." Michael made a right cock up of it.
I love this video and it's content. VSause is goated
14:15 so this is how normal brains work? I wish it was that effortless lmao
Didn't expect vsauce to be dumb enough to be a global warming propagandist. How sad. I thought this guy was actually wise. Unsubscribed. Never to watch again bye bye.
We are ancient
But what if a group of resoners reasons based on collective bias cultivated over long periods of time? Would that not make the reasoning a problem?  Also, are you not just making assumptions about Mary? How can the anwser be yes if no actual information about Mary is give other than she is looking at someone? One is married, one is not, and one we dont really know. Now I get the she either is or isn't argument, but until you actually know she's in superposition and making assumptions about Mary just makes you a presumptuous ass? No?
Sad to see you sold your soul out to bill gates and the message
"Where is your mind?" People who lost their mind: 🤯
You're smart man
Well in America you can’t even learn taxes in undergraduate school why would they teach reason. The powerful stay that way by keeping the people dumb. If people were all smart in this way are tech, education and medicine would be generations ahead. We wouldn’t waste our time with pointless war machines and destruction. But yet we are still dumb apes who easily listen to the bigger ape or money, wealth and popularity. Atleast most people do and it’s sad. It will be are great filter for sure.
His lottocracy argument doesn't account for sample size. If the random selection of people grabs a bunch of people with similar backgrounds or perspectives it's not going to represent the larger whole. Lottocracy only works if if can control for random effects enough to prevent disproportionate influence from one perspective but not control for it or filter it so heavily as to lose all benefit from the other considerable merits of a lottocracy in the first place.
Is this not just Michael explaining for 30 minutes what he would do if he had complete control over the human population? Seems like an incredibly in-depth focus on how we think and how we arrived to use our brains  (This is a high thought)
Vsauce introducing concepts of transhumanism in the name of Bill Gates is unexpected.
So YouTube just randomly recommended this video! I hate that I didn't watch it before! Guess, I just gave up waiting for his new videos!
@Tunadorable   [25:05](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLBc8tb2NvM&t=1505) Potential of blockchain-based decentralized training  [28:53](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLBc8tb2NvM&t=1733) Homogeneous hardware is better for decentralized training. 	- Homogeneous hardware, like in iPhones, is more productive for decentralized training as every device has the exact same processor. 	- Decentralized network will involve individualized, personalized models constantly contributing to training data.  [34:56](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLBc8tb2NvM&t=2096) Incorporating decentralized information for AGI alignment 	- The need to align AGI with decentralized information 	- Challenges faced by centralized platforms like Twitter and the impact on engagement 	 	[37:18](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLBc8tb2NvM&t=2238) Decentralized discussion and summary system 	- Groups of 100 split into 10 groups of 10 for discussions  	- Summarized key points sent between groups to share insights  [43:15](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLBc8tb2NvM&t=2595) AGI interacting through conversational swarms 	- Conversational swarms navigate gray areas by forming opinions based on decentralized information 	- AGI at Stage 5 will be on a 'substrate-agnostic' level, independent of specific medium  [47:42](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLBc8tb2NvM&t=2862) Rise of consciousness towards oneness and technological advancement. 	- Human consciousness shifts towards a sense of oneness, breaking the 'us versus them' dynamic. 	- Technological advancement, such as Neuralink, aims to spread intelligence to other substrates and increase complexity sustainably. 	 	[49:49](https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aLBc8tb2NvM&t=2989) Local decrease of entropy can be maximally sustainable. 	- This sustainability may not be forever, but it leads to increases in complexity. 	- Consider joining the patreon and Discord for further discussion.
The problem with lottocracy is that these people would probably be very easy to directly bribe.
where is your mind? me: whar u mena whebr mmidn?
The British accent
that vsauce beat drop was freaking therapeutic
why vsauce never collaborate with the universities with his theories if his so smart
Dont let this video distract you from the fact that Bill Gates is a scumbag, him and his ilk are behind the destruction of the west!
Ewww Bill Gates and climate change, aka population control.
Why is this better explained then some of my philosophy courses on university....
Single greatest video on the internet.
you lost me at bill gates
"What if we don’t even use reasons to reach conclusions?"  Oh boy...
Literal government psy-op working for bill gays and wants you to not use reasoning. Unsubscribing.
Miss you, bud
16:01. That is where the explanation of sales begins... Think about how a car salesperson operates.
i cant reason with "people" who cant reason with me
My God he's brilliant
20:23 this whole philosophy is why it’s so good in real estate for seller’s to be represented by listing agents, and buyers represented by buyers agents
10:13 so I get y the answer is yes but the reasoning makes me feel like I was born with 4 arms but shirts are made for 2. I don't know y I feel like that....
Honestly this might be one of the most important videos I’ve ever seen. I think about this constantly even two years after it came out. It explains so much about the things I hear people say, and has changed the way I communicate for the better.
So this video is good
With great power comes great responsibility 😊
That is your opinion 😏
https://youtu.be/6ecTO22ulRM?t=156
"I.  . Am not an elephant" - vsauce
What happened to the captions
Hey Michael, Vsauce here...
1. You make a lottocracy sound very pleasant. But who chooses and appoints the experts? What if two different “experts” have two different opinions on the subject matter? How does this lottocracy choose who is right?  2. You point out that Athens would randomly choose people to make decisions. This is true. However, you misleadingly imply that Aristotle thought this was a good idea.   The fact is that the lottocracy of Athens condemned Socrates to death for “impiety” and later forced Aristotle into exile for “impiety.” In both cases the accusations were false and yet the “lottocracy” chose to condemn both of these great philosophers to an unjust fate. Do you think Aristotle would have approved of that? Of course not.
Maybe you could reason with Bill Gates to give up his private jet to do his part for climate change. He is responsible for more carbon in the atmosphere for the last year than I am for my whole lifetime.
Hey Why aren't you making video on Global warming and all the issues tha we are going to face.   As a top educational youtuber it is your responsibility.  Please make a series of videos on problem and solutions of Earth 's health. Also make it clear the it is going to take less resources to regenerate earth than colonization of Mars.  A humble request ❣️
Great topic. But what about the future of seasoning?!
Hey Mike, I like this video but I have a little issue with your government system.  What’s stopping people from lobbying the educators? Or paying to sabotage the randomizer. I love the concept but I feel like it still has to contend with a lot of the same pitfalls.   And certain harmful cults and agendas could be pushed to a wide enough audience that they’d have an almost guaranteed chance of getting one of their members into the random selection? Like seriously I love it but I’d like to know what would be done to patch these issues
I did not instantly get the Mary Peter Paul thing. That took me like 10 minutes of re-listening to it over and over again before I was like… Oh, shit… OK…
If this man doesn’t deserve a Nobel prize idk who does😕
Nobody is perfect, scientists are usually stuck in a habit of everything could be an experiment, self made rich people can succumb to profit like chasing a recurring error, and the chronic poverty is pointing out there is nothing more valuable than having some and sharing it, even if it doesn't fill enough to fix the pain. You could ask why but what you have been doing is why not.
Remembering some wonky moments from childhood recently, this is strangely comforting to watch after these rare phenomenons
New motto & wallpaper 15:40
I miss vsauce ❤
We dont agree on everything because we experience life  differently and there’s a beauty on it thus logic can’t be in singular truth because we don’t operate on determinism but on free will, creating multiple reality in one great consciousness and that is God. God experience itself through us
I thought about it a few times but I never knew what was it, now I know. Thanks!
At least I'm safe inside my mind...
No one capable of reasoning partners up with Bill Gates.
Great summary of enigma of reason by dan sperber and hugo mercier.
you really laid on the propaganda thick on this one. this video has been brought to you by the gates foundation
I this is answering my question about MAGA reasoning.
Marvellous!!!
everyone using twitter should watch this video
Certain people are acting to accelerate this individualisation of reason. Social media algorithms, for instance, intentionally feed us content that validates our beliefs, so that we spend more time scrolling on social media platforms, yielding larger profits. To resist this effect, we must acknowledge and criticise those businesses whose malpractice intentionally leads us away from exercising reason in social contexts.
Mr saucy sauce
I feel like what will happen to finally to change our reasoning, will be serious advances in our understanding of what we are truly doing. When the greedy and evil of this world realize they are actually getting less with the system—wasting all our time and resources with all the make to break inches forward. Once they realize they our ruining the equity of the society as a whole and only accomplish raising prices instead of creating riches, and having to maintain control of staying afloat. Once they realize the true impacts of what they are doing, they will stop holding us back from advancing properly.
This video is an amazing achievement, yet i suspect that more than 75% of the populaton will not be able to follow Michaels train of thought from a to z.
What’s the optimal cat petting speed?
awe
i’m in.
Great video; my only issue with a statement is that Juries are lottery chosen. While the initially true there is a process where they are technically elected to the position of Juror by the Legal Representatives. So they are kind of a middle ground of Elected and Lottery.
Amazing content!  Is that above and beyond acoustic in the background?
If a video is made in partnership with bill gates one should be extra alert for bullshit. The best source for reasoning and rationality is Ayn Rand and objectivism
So theres better off civilizations and societies beyond the stars? And the only way we as a species can get there is through a humility test by loving our neighbor and this earth?? New World Order Religon legoo this teaser trailer for the new update slaps!!! Can't wait till it drops.. tik toc never know where time will be 👁‍🗨
Lottacracy, i xan get behind that for sure.
I loved every part except for the Bill Gates plug. Bill Gates is not cool
Obligatory explanation. The climate always changes and especially so when the magnetic poles moves position. Something no one in the mainstream is talking about yet the pole has moved a lot in the last decade or more. The Sun's own cycles also have a massive impact on our climate. We've had ice ages and warm periods for as long as records allow. This time is no different. It's incredibly arrogant to think we can even come close to having an effect on the world. What to really watch out for is anyone who stands to gain from any plans that will be put forth to try and fix an entire planet. We can barely fix pot holes or balance an ever increasing debt yet we're planning to change the weather. It's preposterous beyond belief.
Just wanted to express love for your capture of early internet optimisation, genuinely warms my heart.
I have an idea: now that we have better understanding of LLMs, we could ask literally everyone to chat with an LLM about a topic, then based on all the conversations taken, create a new LLM and ask it for insights gathered from the reasoning of everyone.
HAWAIʻI WILL SAVE THE WORLD. LOOK TO US
Last line gave me chills ❤
Duuuude. Thanks
Caring about climate change is a value judgement. Reasoning can only help after values are agreed upon  Does economic development worth lives, if so how many? Some people are willing to risk their own lives to build. Voluntarism should be the starting point. But so far the political dialogue on climate change is disastrous: on one hand it makes people disagree with facts like in Congress hearings and on the other hand causes things like farmer protests in Europe. Value misalignment between Ivory Tower and middle class westerners vs entrepreneurs and people in developing world
You are definitely a 'lumbering mass" that does not possess reason.
Thé Second greatest philosopher, the one that revived us to our place in history.
More extreme weather is now probably, on average, more intense and more frequent due to pollution.
Best on YT👍👊
Thank god yt decided to push your content to me again, its been ages! This was as usual. A masterpiece.
We are a decentralized system.
Were trilobites compared to him, trilogies!
One of my favorite VSauce videos yet!
Trust that the universe is unfolding as it should… Remember, the story of the Chinese farmer who found a wild horse. Logic and reason is a very narrow path . And when you follow that narrow path with righteousness, you become the problem .
YEAH ONE VIDEO PER YEAR IS FINE
3:04 yo methane better chill
Consciousness upon the brain creates mind.Consciousness is outside the body and the brain is the reciever.We know this because no body is required to experience life after death.
What if, instead of choosing a random person as the decision-maker, everyone can propose solutions and the most "liked" solution wins. Would technically be possible with the internet.
“A Critique of Pure Reason”
this video made me wonder if there is a kind of reasoning that goes beyond even social reasoning - could non-human beings contribute in some way to human 'social' cognition? what if the 'setting' also applied to social reasoning? ever tried to solve a complex problem with a group in a small fluorescent lit board room vs out in a green park?
I feel like I make a lot of reasons for myself for why I do things. Like if Im thinking, Im probably asking questions in my head. It’s probably why conversations become so exhausting
I was today years old when I found out that Michael is not an awesome elephant…
Excellent!
Michael's wife: I just wanted to know why you're wearing my high heels.
just discovered this channel, wow
Thats si funny; it's funny BECAUSE i'm currently having a rational thinkkng course and it's funny to see vsauce explain better than my teacher 🫡
we are programmed to reason whatever we are presented is correct and not question reality itself, feels too close to a gpt at this point. We are all gpts guys..
we are programmed to reason whatever we are presented is correct and not question reality itself, feels too close to a gpt at this point. We are all gpts guys..
Grew up watching his videos. Still at it after 12 years. Can’t thank you enough 💛
Hell... I've left my previous comment while I was still half way through watching this...  Thing is, that I'm far more thrilled now that I've finished it.   And how excited I am for finding this channel ......... NO, Scratch that, since I wasn't really looking for it, so NO credit for me here, but only to YouTube's genius algorithmic set up, for my stumbling upon this Mega Master Mind of a channel!  Damn me if this wasn't THE BEST "cognition engaging" content, delivered in a truly masterful way, while arriving at such a genuinely solid conclusion with very much possible, real life applicability, that I have ever had the pleasure to witness.  Supremely Well Done Guys!  Thank you for such a mind expanding, engaging and illuminating material!  Sincerely!
I'm also a newby to this channel and... A. I absolutely loved this video... 😂  And  B. I'm a somewhat puzzled with the fact I haven't come across it MUCH earlier.  😢
MICHAELS NOT AN ELEPHANT!??! WHAT!! I FEEL LIED TO AND CHEATED OUT OF MY HONESTY!
I love it
I am 15 years of age and currently searching for disciplined corporation partners in which are similar ages. I plan on formulating a multibillion dollar corporation and desire similar minded people with the same ambitions. (I’m desperate to find people like myself it’s to stumble across people such as myself yet their is still a possibility)
What’s the name of that jazzy tune at the end?
And this is the reason why collectives are just amazing
I already subconsciously knew all this. Any other intuition enjoyers in the chat?
A lot of people also don’t like the word “Compromise”
While it sounds interesting  I counter with a few questions? To be governed by randomly selected citizens, how can the country expect to react, if another country sees severe weakness and decides to wage war, how can randomly selected citizens be expected to make executive decisions, even under the guidance of experts? And, even then what sort of system should be put in place to ensure that the guidance of the experts is legitimate? This, i imagine would inversely provide more power and room for corruption to the few, and deprive power of the many. Politicians are public figures, under constant vigilance and scrutiny and are more inclines to appease to the masses than supposed federal experts operating under a system that has yet to exist. I'm all for imagining possibilities in distant timlines though
Species. Not speeshies
Common sense seems unreachable in our current system
I've aways felt like an ugly duck and this video makes me realize that maybe I'm just a faulty transistor in a world-spanning biological computer that wants to eat itself to death.
the industrial revolution and its consequences
This joker is unironically saying that using more concrete increases the "quality of life" in the world.  It's doing the exact opposite. Don't listen to this fool.
way out in the water
So because tricks exist, you can't openly say the truth. If once the Lion doesn't kill you, LIons no longer become dangerous. Lions are dangerous, just like people are dangerous. Do you agree with that fact? NOPE, he will say, not all people are dangerous while eating meat and weighing 750lbs. Little kids learning words is fun to watch. Aliens agree, people are amazingly nice creatures. They don't molest and torture. Earthlings do not spend more time on porn than with their kids. They don't do anything wrong! Earth is #1
“We will one day be the ancients”… holy shit dude
My favorite part is if they blame it on the everyday human being and citizen instead of the ginormous and need to be Rich,  and horde way way way way way way way more than they will ever need in their lives, Industrial manufacturers in billionaires especially in oil just one more cloak for humankind by the top 1%
"When will you frickin friggs realize that your actions have consequences!?"
At 26:55, Michael says politicians are motivated by re-election, money, attention, and power, while randomly selected panels would only be guided by their own conscience.  The problem is that real juries are most often motivated by just wanting the trial to be over and being able to get on with their lives and jobs. How could we avoid the same happening to these random panels?
I like so much of what you're saying here, and it's really undercut by the fact that you took money from a billionaire to hawk his book. Then go on to say that we shouldn't use our voices to support billionaires but instead take leadership and come up with our own solutions. The overreliance on "benevolent" billionaires like Bill Gates siphons away democratic power from voters and into privatized projects decided on by the wealthy. These efforts and services should be overseen by the public not deducted from billionaires' taxes and put into non-profits with little oversight. A huge portion of Bill Gates' money is used to pay for positive coverage in the media like this so that we'll think he's a good person instead of someone hoarding wealth for his own personal vanity projects. I recomment listening to episodes 45 and 146 of Citations Needed.
I think global collaboration demands a precedented Armageddon, I don’t see everyone getting along without it
Isn't Performing the act of the Experiment alone and Asking them Things like: Who, out of the two, would You prefer To Work with, Without having an experience Or Meeting them ever....Causes False results Because Disliking a face without having History with that faces
genuinely think this man should run for office
Vsauce is the only channel that can have just one man sitting in the same room talking for half an hour and gaining millions of views. and that is phenomenal, in this time
give this man a kitchen...Because he's cookin 🗿
this is something i am insanely interested in, and i just about lost my mind when you said "what if the state of reasoning, wasn't built for us?" haha!!!! thank you for all this
People who refuse to "do their own research" also suffer from confirmation bias
12:15 Sure, we might disagree on what our actions should be given a certain problem. Heck, I take that much for granted. What's impossible to deal with is that there are too many people who wish to deny fact and truth, so we don't even get to discuss what our approach should be.
The beginning of the video sounds a bit as if Michael actually knows Niklas Luhmann and his social theory.
Thabk you for the memories
arent we technically already the ancients because there is no concept of time before we are born so people in the future are already living their lives?
❤
Im guessing Bill Gates paid you.  He controls the control by wealth.. not an election process. Too powerful for just being a good business man and a bit of luck.
9:49  Yeah!! 😅
7:07 The opposite of ignorable is norable.   😀
Please make long content again 😊. This long videos are amazing 👍👍OR reason with people on it
Drum part at thé end 😂😂
I hate to be the person to bring up autism in every discussion but I think it’s a very interesting topic to discuss when it comes to reasoning.  Now, this is going to be a long and majorly pointless rant, so I’d recommend scrolling past my comment if ur not interested lol  From what’s described in the video, a lot of the assumptions don’t apply to autistic people. For example, an autistic person needs to analyse someone’s expression to come to the conclusion that they’re upset, it’s not something that comes naturally to them, and the same way an autistic person would only buy something that has the functions they need because they don’t feel the need to justify it to others.   Now, that is not to say that autistics don’t make assumptions, but a pattern I’ve spotted is that autistic people tend to make assumptions in completely different spheres than allistic people. I think it’s also important to analyze this in ADHD as well, because while people with ADHD are far more similar to neurotypicals in terms of socializing, there are still many differences that impact decision making and may influence their assumptions.  I don’t really have a conclusion to this rant, but I find it incredibly interesting as someone diagnosed with ADHD and awaiting an autism assessment myself. If anyone has some kind of study written about this, I’d greatly appreciate a link 🫶🫶
Still waiting for the awesome-meter in the Curiosity Box
You have a really great grasp on manifesting a clear and objective way to address strange and subjective topics. It's really impressive. Great channel man.
AGI
what if the experts advising the rapresentants elected by lottocracy are influenced by lobbies?
epstein was friends with bill gates.
_"And Jesus answered them, “See that no one leads you astray. For many will come in my name, saying, ‘I am the Christ,’ and they will lead many astray. And you will hear of wars and rumors of wars. See that you are not alarmed, for this must take place, but the end is not yet. For nation will rise against nation, and kingdom against kingdom, and there will be famines and earthquakes in various places. All these are but the beginning of the birth pains."_ *MATTHEW 24:4-8*
My question is this, if everything we humans claim to believe is not a result of solid and valid reasoning, why should we believe anything humans say, why should we trust the conclusions of our own or others minds? Why should I believe this theory Michael is putting forth, as it was presumably arived at through reasoning?  Even if we grant we can trust our own minds, if reasoning cannot convince other people, if their brains simply aren't built like ours, why try to talk things out and debate, what's to stop us from simply tearing each other apart over every difference of opinion?
Yeah but when I give reasons why I'm right and you give reasons why you're right and we descuss and come to a decision as a group we're still using reason to make better decisions and the classical view of reason still holds.
Vsauce needs to be part of the Smithonian as Micheal is a national treasure. Just the best.
Wuh oh. I might need to see a phsycologist, apparently having an intuition that is 99% of the time correct and having been better at reasoning right off the bat.
This video made me emotional.
Dude…😦👍🏿👍🏻👍🏾
Vsauce videos have this amazing ability to make you feel both small and powerful somehow
Guys, we are lose if you’ll stop supporting look #armukraineasap 🇺🇦
Absolute no. Lost all credibility in my eyes. I grew up with this channel. So sad that the butt licking has reached here too. Collaborating with this damn eugenecist Billy the Window?! Goodbye forever, what used to be a beautiful channel.
bro forgot about lone reasoners using antitheses against their own theses to create syntheses 😂
When this guy is no more it would be like loosing a family member HE alone can’t be replaced😢
Like this to elect me as random citizen
2:49 the industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race
#YOLOBLOMLMTAASOSBTDPWKEOBOIODAWCHEOBOITOD
the beginning was like a jumpscare
It should be mandatory for all politicians, regardless of ideology, to watch this video once a year.
Where is my mind? Way out in the water, see it swimmin'
michael you are the best youtuber to ever exist, a constant in many lives that don’t have much constant can mean a lot
This sounded nothing like his typical content, then he pulled out Bill Gates's book. And it all made sense.  Disappointing propagandist, pandering on behalf of the world elites that want to take over your lives, and y'all just eat it up.
I miss long videos from this channel
Gaites tho damn  Take that money
Future of reasoning is gonna envelope around our technology.
This is still the greatest video ever made
Do you watch where you step to avoid stepping on ants?
I use this video as a landmark in time. I remember an experience after holiday 2020 where I felt the moment a new chapter of my life started. And it was about intuition, clarity, reasoning, understanding. Existential stuff. I'm grateful this uploaded very soon after that experience because it's one of the few "cannon events" from my life that was really the crux or turning point that got me through a lot. This videos like an anchor, in a sense. I've never related to any other content on the net or otherwise than this right here. This is the most significant. Thank you for that.
Been rewatching this every time I need a new perspective on life ❤️
Vsauce anarchist arc
Subtitles got their otonomy 😅
10:35 what if mary is something/someone who doesn't get married? Like a dog or cat or bird?
Micheal is giving a reason to reason why reasoning is reasoning
Such a good video !
I have the same chair from the start
The momento you said 'Bill Gate', all interes fell.
this puts so much of my thoughts in words ❤
Go to Jesus Christ and repent
*me walking into my vsauce wine cellar* *inhales and sighs* “ahh this was a good year”
When will you buy a horse?
Where is my mind? Ask The Pixies...
Idea: If the jelly bean experiment gains flawless accuracy through extensive addition of recipients, is politics an ever-changing need? For example, 1 year Party A gets 90% of votes, but next year Party B gets 90%. Could we be choosing the best path no matter what? Is it good for us? Is it good for everything? After all, don't we interact with everything...?
This is more memetics than reasoning.
Timothy Morton… unsubscribe
Every time someone tells you : let's think and care about the future generations - means you should give up your rights in favor of something you don't know will ever exist - therefore it's a famous manipulation that keeps us slaves of this system so we make our decisions based on the fear, not a rational thinking. That's the manipulation that keeps Putin 20+ years to be elected as a president of Russia - they tell people - when you elect me - next generation our country will be the best in the world, just keep electing me so we can follow the blueprint of success....while you are being poor and miserable - we will make sure the next generation and your  children will be living happy life... for free😅
That last sentence just came from nowhere to hit hard
You're such a krushev
Bruh that was quite a noggin rattler. And 2m views tells me that at least 1/4 of the world has been affected by this presentation of information, that (imo) you delivered so clearly that even my grandma could understand. Thanks breh
We need to build an AI better than us. Our brain is too weak to go forward.
If the whole world used reasoning to its fullest extent we could build a Utopia. but reasoning is being corrupted by false information. Monkey see monkey not think but copy you.
For a really great video on confirmation bias, reason, cooperation and community....... It is sponsored by ONE MAN. ONE BILLIONAIRE. ONE BUSINESSMAN. Someone who has time and again shown that his interests lie in his personal growth and value rather than of others. So...... That's a bummer!
Its like he answeres the questiones you never knew you had. Absolutely genious!
If only there was some technology that took the collective thought of the entire internet and put it into a model that we could chat with
18:00 How do you reason with someone who is straight to the point? Like "No thanks, I don't feel like eating there."
Assuming Marry is either married or unmarried is invoking a law of excluded middle, which not even all mathematicians accept (see intuitionistic logic). Marry might as well be a gold fish or, for instance, a person in some sort of legal limbo due to whatever circumstance.
I watch this video once every month.
Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman, 2011
Israel 🇮🇱  vs Palestine 🇵🇸 anyone?
OK brother it's been almost 2 years and still nobody hasn't convinced me that I am not the world leader in reason capacity and efficiency please reach out you are my savior
Jesse here, love you Michael.
Gill Bates
you lost me and my interest with the introduction of Bill Gates...
That background music is groovy.
It's it just me, or do the captions feel paraphrased a bit at the beginning?
Who let the writing team cook 💀
Mary is married, and unmarried, but now identifies as a fictional logic puzzle that never existed in the first place and therefore was never either married or unmarried, but was always not Mary. 5/10? Eh? Meh.
Formula 101 on Incel to excel theorem
i love watching vsauce videos
So that's why I keep coupons and never use them. I don't have any friends to reason with and convince them to go to Arby's with me.
I disagree 80% with what he says. He emits a lot of sophisms. I will give an example. 15:41 argues that between two objects people prefer to buy the one with more functions. While this might be true in a capitalistic society which is based on consumerism and purchasing more than you need (because capitalism needs your money and you have to spend) this represents a trained behavior and is called social programming but it is not a intrinsic human behavior. The intrinsic behavior is to chose the more focus tools which provides precisely what you need. The more functions an objects has, the more confusion and complexity it adds, the more energy requires to use it. People tend to pick the path of least resistance because it allows to save energy. This represents the intrinsic and rational behavior from a survival perspective of every energy consuming system. The whole clip if filled with sophisms and superficial deductions.
Ohms to the most intellectual YouTuber out there, thinking 80,000 feet deep into the reason "Why is anything?". He is truly someone the world needs to remember.
How much did Gates pay you to make this video? Very ironic that this was posted during the covid era, aka the beginning of the great reset.
Why are people so mad about the bill gates thing?
I wanted to take part in MUN
2 years after this video was made, I’m watching it, and I can say, that I look around me at the people and see very little in terms of reason😂
The most inspiring and useful Vsauce video I've seen. Thanks dude   -- an early-stage content creator
This was amazing Michael, so glad I finally sat down and watched it, did not feel like 30min at all. Thank you.
the eternal flaw in this idea is that the person chosen in random might not be evolved cognitively....And  the implementation is almost near to impossible due to already established systems....and to implement it in the first place will need the collective approval of everyone which is the issue we are facing in the first place ....so its the "snake eating its own tail" problem again......
Its a little concerning partnering with bill Gates after his connection to Epstein
I’m just glad he didn’t jump into frame, that shit is stupid
This strengthens my preference of lottocracy with confirmation bias lol. But I'd guess companies would still have a hand in it by offering positions.. still it's a tempting idea
Juries have flaws too. Randomness isn't the only alternative to special interests. Getting private money out of government is also a way to reduce the influence of special interests.   26:34 You don't explain the role of these experts -- would groups be REQUIRED to "learn from experts"? Are people CAPABLE of learning from experts? Why not just assemble a group of RANDOM EXPERTS? Or experts who DISAGREE with each other?   I love your idea of eliminating elections. Popular vote eliminates rationality from decision-making.
Crowds are "wise", WHAT? "The Crowd" as you put it isn't a collection of independent reasoning individuals, it's an irrational monster, an entity. Your example of individuals separately guessing beans in a jar is NOT a "crowd". A "crowd" is a MOB.
It's not cognitive bias that halves the work to be done. It's simply the motivation to defend our respective positions which halves the work. Defending one's position may, or may not, involve confirmation bias.
Cognition and cooperation are two different things.
Cooperation isn't unique to humans. There are plentiful examples of cooperation among other species. Also, building a trap doesn't require cooperation.
Stop fondling tofu.
This really instill power in my opinions, thank you
This very video validated my intuition, that’s for sure!😂
I guess no one realized that he I didn’t say the word global warming he. WAs explaining even once.
awesome video
i want an awesomotomer
Any friend of Bill Gates is no friend of mine......  Unsubscribe.......
Michael is awesome !
nonsensical ideas aka non conforming to establishment ideas
29:00 people can be quatumly recreated or somethin'  😂
10:52 Still not get it T_T
Processes of physics can be observed in the behavior of life over time. I definitely think there's a like between emotion and physics we have yet to fully understand. If consensus is to be reqched, perhaps it could be found somewhere in there. Assuming it's true, of course
V sauce, fun fact, those are external memories, we are the brain, without the brain we would, well die the brain plans, planning boards are both external memories, and visual communication, to better communicate, well a plan! Those are external systems, to assist the brain, as the brain does all that, those just hold the things, how do I know this is true? Cause THE BRAIN is what EDITS those things, and change them, they don’t think, they are stationary systems, that assist the mind when it dosent have room for those things or, needs to communicate or store certain information.
2:25 I sense some strong Unabomber Vibes...
Best roast of all time 0:39
👍
I think the video stresses too much on cooperation. On a larger scale, yes, it's very important and hence is very much responsible for our technical and civilisational growth. But the social scale is a small scale, more like on a tribe or a neighbourhood level. In the ye olden times, I don't think people cooperated to build traps. More likely, one person built it, and then taught it to others.  Actually even at the scale of a company, which is designed from the ground up for communication and collaboration, real innovation comes from a few bright minds. I'm paraphrasing Steve Jobs here, but he said that hiring a team doesn't make you 10x more productive because now there's more minds at work, it's because it gives that ONE brilliant mind the right environment to do 10x the work.
13:00 This is clearly the result of trust in authority figures tainting the data. It it no way invalidates the original logic behind the decision, it's just a trick intended to test a person's alertness. It's a complete nonsequitor. Stupid methodology, bad science.
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.” instant dislike for the first time on a Vsauce video.
Reason needs motivation. Why? If my motivation was to starve to death, my conclusion would be not to eat. We cannot simply assume that the motivation to starve to death was not within reason because beings generally want to avoid suffering. So it is more important to look at motivation. All being want to avoid suffering and want to experience happiness. If we agreed upon this, it is crucial to understand suffering and happiness. When I’m angry at someone I might hit them. That, however, would only make sense if we that was to make us more happy and suffer less. In fact this is most likely exactly the wrong action for such behavior. Another thing might be that we really like sweet food. So it is absolutely clear that eating as much sweets as possible will increase our happiness.
Paul Wilcox is married to Jenna Wilcox. Paul Wilcox is looking at Mary Spencer is married to Tim Spencer. Mary Spencer is looking at the floor. Mary Ortega ist unmarried. Mary Ortega is looking at Peter Craig. Peter Craig is unmarried and is looking at the ceiling. A married person is looking at a married person and an unmarried person is looking at an unmarried person. The logic puzzle doesn’t work without a set of rules that needs to be give explicit.
Wow 32 ❤
29:00 talking about being brought back, ya sure you dont wanna be cryopreserved? 😅
22:00 uh, isnt the fact that the average gets closer to the truth a mathematical property rather than a sociological one?
20:00 oh wow, confirmation bias as group decision making where different people research different aspects is an interesting idea!
Michael this video was absolutely stupendous
The ending is very profound
Me be finding a video to watch and this guys 10 year old video just spawns from literally thin air 💀💀💀
Was I the only one who expected him to say “or am I?” after he said “I’m not an elephant”
Bro I was all with you until you mentioned you teamed up with Bill Gates. Majorly disappointing.
This was amazing.I loved her insight
The jellybeans thing blew my freakin mind.
Lost me at Bill Gates.
Wonderful music selection to end the video.
Make a kiindergarten fight in this comment
Climate ugh ...
TV science
2:51 just realized I have a sleeper agent code phrase. 🫡
wait did someone with todays technology actually measure the earth? also id you do so at what point on the surface would be considered the point you would measure the average Hight of the terrain or the highest point? maybe is it sea level?
Perhaps you can ask your partner Bill Gates about his friend, Epstein
Always fun to see antecedent and consequents at play. The fallacy never bores me
Just taught empathy through facts and science.
I forgot how great your videos are! Its sad that many Americans think that EVERY SCIENTIFIC ORGANIZATION IN THE WORLD is faking data! Even worse many Americans lack the basic critical thinking skills to realize that if  EVERY SCIENTIFIC ORGANIZATION IN THE WORLD is faking data, then there is no data for the anti-global warming CULT to use to prove their BAT SHIT CRAZY theories!
i love this video so much, i keep coming back from time to time to rewatch it
POV You’re Stanford Pines, and you’re asleep after exploring a cave you found.
You partnered with Bill Gates for this video? 🤨 Hard Pass.
This video is a description of democrats and Republicans. More so on the democrats.
You went to BILL GATES? Pathetic. Bill Gates doesn't care about reasoning, you, or us. He only cares about money and how he can get more of it
Astaghfirullah YouTube doesn't pay this mandem enough.
i used to like logic puzzles but i dont really do any anymore
I have become a monk after seeing this video.
I’ve become so fixated on referring to him as ‘VSauce Michael’ that when he was going through the ‘Michael is awesome’ bit, I didn’t realize he was referring to himself
What if Mary is a dog?
Mostly agree. Populism/Lotteries however will sometimes choose what works better in the short term (or feels better) over what works better long term (or is more practical).
you know, when you mentioned Gates i remembered the kurzgesagt dillema with them pushing the Gates agenda foward, but that last bit of saying "ideally no private interest should affect goverment choices" and "oh, millionares will save us" was such a middle finger to tech millionares and i love it
Lottocracy now
The Matrix 🎉
Hello everyone in 6 years 🎉
love to get vsauce to go write an episode of always sunny i mean idk if thats a thing micheal wants to do but I would like the crossover
My reasoning sucks when in contact with any other human being, i think that's because i never won an argument in childhood, parents were highly narcissistic and they valued dominance over me over anything else so my words didn't matter, they deny, deflect, gaslight... you can't reason with unreasonable people
I find your video very interesting, but to be honest I am retrospectively a little bit disappointed with the approach towards systems driving our society, for example not clearly questioning the inherent connection between capitalism and problems of our society and stating how growth (still) makes everyone better off (even though 50% of the generated wealth goes to only wealthiest 1% and poorest 50% has only 1% of the world's wealth) and I also find the partnership with Bill Gates unfortunate — his book and whole approach is growth and profit oriented (but imagining that our economy can grow infinitely on planet with finite resources is very unrealistic and irrational expectation) and you can see that he pays most attention to and advocates mostly for the solutions he has investments in... billionaires will not save us, we need a system change
wow nice one :))
Note: this a fair generalization, but there is evidence that autistic individuals are more logical. https://www.ncbi.nlm.nih.gov/pmc/articles/PMC4860198/#:~:text=Consistent%20with%20the%20hypothesis%2C%20higher,reasoning%20bias%20(Brosnan%20et%20al.
DONT ASSUME
VERY INTERESTING 😊
Logic is the way.  For reasoning, It's "just" you need to include all there is and could be. Like including spirituality and similar difficult* topics. Until then, anyone's logic and subsequently reasoning will be based of limited knowledge. The future of reasoning is (ideally) we, the people need to learn, evolve decrease ignorance, and get better at this every day.  The worst case for the future of reasoning, is a  becoming a footnote in a history book which is about to be burned. When we, the people accepted ignorance or worse oblivion.  A quote towards oblivion which comes to mind is "Knowing is not enough; we must apply"     ..... in the middle-ages the logic and reasoning looked like: You have a herb which make an injury better, you must be a witch. The forks went up, because of evil and they tested the person with fire.  Logic of 5-years old, maybe.  Where do you get your information from anyway? 🧐
Annoying guy, isn't he? I rather look around down here. Wish I could point the transcript to a different narrator. What am I even doing here . . . 🤨
1:56 NO MICHAEL DIDN'T WANT COPYRIGHT CLAIMS SO HE GOT RID OF THE THWME NOOOOOOOOOOOO
Vsauce for president
Michal where are you? I love watching your video. ❤
I can never tell if a video was make 2 or 10 years ago
داداش چهارچوب مفهومت خوبه ولی زیاد دقیق نیست بهتره قران بخونی روح نفس قلب عقل فکر ذکر حافظه فهم ادراک بینش رویا حس احساس تصور تصوت شعور شناخت خیلی عمیق تر از چیزایی که تو روانشناسی میگن
So... socialism?!
I keep coming back to this one. Society needs to take many of Michael's suggestions to heart. Something needs to be done, as the present course seems destined to failure.
21:18 Socrates left the chat
Michael, you might to look at Archon Fung's and Erik Olin Wright's "Deepening Democracy" to enhance the arguments you are making here. So good, thank you.
Without God in the equation this conversation is incomplete
National deliberation days would not work in America. As soon as a discussion about climate change or human rights is brought up right wingers would grab their guns and start threatening everyone.
This is my most favorite video on the internet.
Its funny that we use conclusions to come to reasons, yet we do so with the powers of reasoning. "I determined you were upset, the brain often recognizes an upset individual based on xyz, so thus I likely intuited your mood from xyz"
2023!
I've come to the conclusion that reasoning is not an avenue to truth, but, rather, an avenue to the future. That is, a way forward. Survival. Unfortunately, we are short-sighted when it comes to our own survival. We think in terms of food and shelter and reproduction, not in terms of overpopulation, climate change, and the effects of industrial farming.
Michael never fails to give me an existential crisis at 2am
Are you seriously considering Bill Gates as a serious thinker on the climate problem? You should read "L'art de la fausse générosité" by Lionnel Astruc, about Bill et Melinda Gates business. Afterworded by Vandana Shiva.
This is probably one of the 2 or 3 most important videos out there.  And I don't need to justify this, because I'm right.  ... or, am I?
At this point, you would still think that Vsauce could give you just the right answers to conquer shower thoughts, but no; At this extent, he IS the shower thought. You can not trust simple questions such as "What is plants?" with Michael around. But that is what I ironically like about this, just the fact alone that he has the super power to turn literally any simple daily question into something REALLY complex is a little bit funny in a sense.
A VIRUS NAMED HUMANITY  Humanity is a virus (quote from The Matrix) but I do believe this to be true.  Without us Humans, the World and its wild life would thrive way better than they are now. We humans always think that we can improve Mother Nature, that if we get stuck in to doing something, we think that what ever it is we are getting stuck in to is the right way and the only way.  We are all ignorant over the long term reasoning of idea's.    GREAT IDEAS  "Lets build a dam to help those people over there, but if it destroys some peoples homes and wild life, so be it, it will be seen as a good thing in the future"  Then a drought comes and the Dam becomes a pointless lump of concrete.   "Hay people,  I have a idea, why not build small robots that can help us perform complex surgeries, so the next generation will thank us for", that is where we are right now.  Sounds like a good idea right now in the world we now live within, but in time, this like all inventions we humans have made will destroy us and other species and nature.  We then just say "Oops, oh well at least we tried" but the damage is beyond what we can fix.    OUTCOME OF OUR IGNORANCE   Humanity spreads like a virus, Africa to Europe, Europe to the New World and through out diseased roaming we have destroyed many other people, wild life and eco systems that once thrived perfectly well for tens of thousands of years without our presence.
you are the only one who inspires me this month, your ways to reasoning is so like me, if i have to use a reference or maybe a social matrix psychology, i would say your content or you are using a great extroverted intuition, but i admire you, cuz maybe is the practic and your time doing this, but i admire so much how you put everything in order, thats why i want to improve of me, learning from you. My name is Stephano Padilla, lelele is my nick and thank you so much for the video. -ENTP
5:42 imagine if Kevin suddenly appeared to shout "WRONG"
You're blowing my mind here! Concepts like these make me feel more optimistic about the future. It's my hope that we as people can move past tribalistic feuding and come together with civility and cooperation for everyone's benefit. It almost sounds like science fiction to me at this point, but all it takes is the will. If you will it, it is no dream.
Confused at how few people are talking about climate change in these comments, which is the most dire thing and the driving force for this video.
Our habits don't need to be rethought. Humans are creatures of habit, we'll get used to whatever change is needed to save us. I give it a year after the worldwide stoppage of meat production til people are back to worrying about their day to day life and not meat.
Beautifully made video
With any group where there is interaction, one leader or influencer emerges influencing the group’s division in either the right or wrong conclusion. This is driven by that one individual’s motivation. This even includes the Internet.
I think everyone would benefit if everybody on the planet had seen this video
VSAUCE 2024!
Fair, my fav. Word up to the Mothership connection yo! Re son ing
What’s amazing is that reasoning and logic is actually a key part in colleges called hawza like the hawza of Najaf or hawza of Qom. In Shia Islam a core part of their system of beliefs is in using logic to come to conclusions with the average scholar having a good 10 years of hawza studies. Those that choose to pursue further such as Ayatollah Sistani spend their entire life in such studies along with Islamic literature. Reason is highly emphasised and demonstrated in the hadiths of ahlulbayt.
Eating my 16 year old sister's birthday cake while watching Vsauce
You know I am making notes of your video 📚📚🖋🖋
Was that firm tofu or extra form tofu? It didnt look like smooth silky tofu 🤣
My initial answer was also „Yes” to the „married/unmarried” problem, but then I took a back step.  How do we know there is no equivocation error?  What if the terms „married” or „unmerried” are used throughout this problem with different meanings behind them?  Were we provided proper steelman that clearly states that this is not the case?  What if, for example, the used phrase „Paul is married” actually refers to his state of merriment as if someone inflicted such merriment upon him and is NOT an allusion to his marital status?  After all, experience tells us that such equivocations and word plays are commonly found among jokes of all kinds and ASPECIALLY within the category of linguistical puzzles.  The „clearness” of such answer is actually very debatable.  The answer „Not enough information to decide” could surprisingly be the ACTUAL correct one.  I have nothing else to add Your honor I rest my case  Be healthy! 💜
10:29 Yes
It seems like its going out the window. Biology out the window, science out the window....
مساء الخير ان كان مساءا وصباح الخير ان كان صباحا
Definitely one of his best videos. Unparalleled by any other youtuber.
this video is so related to the state of politics in israel of 2023
This opened my mind in a myriad of ways
just awesome, as a fact
I will not be watching any more.
thank you
Please keep making long videos
What's the reason for wearing that clunky watch and metal ring around your finger?
billionaire propaganda.
0:00 can we just appreciate this subversion of a cliche? Often in videos like these, you will hear faint footsteps while looking at a scene of a chair or something, and a person will sit down in it, and begin. In this, however, you hear those footsteps, and think this will happen, but instead, he just *pops* in! I don’t know if I’m reading into it, but I thought this was neat!
Reason is no match to politics and power. A combination of popularity and weapons makes the idea it represent the divine truth.
Shouldn’t there be a pretty big caveat for the wisdom of the crowd? its also well known that the crowd is petty narrow minded and irrational in itself. the jelly been example seems kinda narrow, although it shows a nature of intuition, idk if all sentiments are intuitively equal in worth so you can just aggregate them them as a whole and find a median, or only largely account for intuition.
So you partnered with a mass murderer for this video? Shameful.
yo I swear I head the (or a remix of the) zelda OOT forest temple theme in there
This may well be some ofbthe reason why we are ao polarizes because ofbthis hyper object that isbthe connected world and our tendancy to reinforce our own views and biases.
vidit gujrathi has lost against nijat abasov
Reasoning leads to fidelity, the fact is inconsistent across generations. Are you good, Vsauce?
I legitimately think this is one of the most important videos on YouTube to date.
The power of knowledge and the understanding of the world around us will forever be stronger than the power of any politician or government.  We live in an era of great changes, and it is a birthright of all of us to have a broad, universal perspective, to take things in proportion, to feel good and to spread good. Thank you for this wonderful gift of a video, Michael, this world would truly not be the same without you. 🌍
I'm a masters graduate and Michael here is more clear, rational and wise than all my teachers combined since elementary. It is always such a pleasure learning science and concepts in this way. Love it! Please continue this Michael.
Vsauce became a communist
Thanks for not making us go through the act of probable consumerism, Durden.
Yes being the answer makes no sense how we know Mary is married
I didn't heard the word of main reason: capitalism
Michael will always be an elephant in my heart.
"How do you achieve consensus When a problem isn't obvious to the senses" I just noticed it rymes
You know you scucceeded when you literally collab with bill gates💀
Might be one of your best video ever. Thanks for creating and sharing.
16:00 this is interesting, because it seems wrong and Vsaucr doesnt make mistakes. The main premise of this hypothesis is that we "evolved reasoning to do X" in this case, for social reasons. But thats not how evolution works. Nothing evolves in order to do X. Something just evolves, randomly, and it is used to the creatures best ability in all ways possible. Reasoning was selected for possibly also to explain stuff to others, but it clearly was used for comming up with plans and explanations. It makes very little sense to propose we evolved reasoning for one purpose.
missu kissu awh
Wow Michael, bringing people back to life is such a cool idea! I'm totally not gonna quantumly recreate Nikola Tesla in my basement and use his scientific insight to achieve my selfish goals.
you can zone out on a vsauce video and when you snap out of it you don’t even need to rewind bro just knows how to convey ideas and speak so well you can really never be lost
Could this be the greatest educational video ever made?
🎉❤🎉
7:46 Christmas pudding sofa song
really outstanding and thought provoking content. you are doing such a great service and this beautifully constructed portrait of ideas should be presented and discussed in schools.
Reasoning is a group activity .. brilliant. I think votes should be: (For/Against/Can't Say) + (Your Reason(s)).
To me this sums up and greatly addresses the growing hostility in disagreements and how this contributes to cancel culture
It's been a while since I've learned so much in one video 👏👏👏
.
11:07 well, I don't. "Either Mary is married or unmarried" is a missing premise.
50 trillion jelly beans!
If two people with with identical moral axioms and access to information disagree, one or both are defintely being illogical
no it does not
Nice tryyyy😂😂😂
14:12 Just a note: It's not as extreme as the example you gave, but I do have to think consciously about that stuff. "Oh, they used that *that* kind of tone in their voice that usually happens when people are upset, so I should be careful with how I phrase this next sentence."
11:33
The good news is that it's only of any concern among the living and their as yet to be born surviving heirs. Anything beyond that is purely speculative.
Yeah! Like an inference for instance
For some reason, I want a hamburguer...
3:54 Oligarchs. everything in this video ignores the reality of modern production- its the private property of individuals who seek to expand profits. severe philosophical atrophy.
Snorted a line of reasoning.
Bill Gates is so shady lol 😅
wow
Capitalism won't survive as the global economic system for another 100 years, it's just too flawed. But its effects on the world will be felt for much longer
mouth fart 9:27 😩
This was great
Hunter Biden can Snort Cocaine Because he's a Lord and we are peasants. Rule of Law? Only for us peasants. I don't know if I like the future of Reasoning...
"How unfortunate those people would be who don't know that a channel named Vsauce exists. I mean they're missing alot"
From the channel that brought you Mario Farting
27:56 so my friend Tyler? because he IS everyone and everything
It also makes me think how in law school a professor might ask you for an answer and then when you give it they ask why do you think that. You get some reason but there’s often several levels where you dig deeper and probe more until you get to a point where either you can’t explain why you came to a conclusion or you’ve addressed enough of the uncertainty that digging deeper would not add much value.
This makes me think of how eyewitnesses will be asked to describe a person and how he/she seemed. Like they seemed drunk or they looked angry. But somehow the witness has to give enough detail to communicate to the jury why they had that opinion and those opinions are informed by all sort of assumptions, inferences, biases and even physical and mental impairments. Like if I was having a bad day I might tend to see others as rude or inconsiderate even if seeing that person on a day I’m enjoying may have given me a wholly different impression.
the wall behind you had seventeen layers...
amazing and no ads! Michael was able to bring good YouTube back just for us🥹 Seriously though, I love his videos; The Man is a Legend
VSAUCE FOR PRESIDENT
Why his clock disappeared thou 🤨
Sometimes vasause videos makes sense without making sense.
Lottocracy. Let's do it.
28:24 careful Michael, the conservatives might think you’re saying socialism and literally block out everything else 💀    I am just joking, I know there’s at least a few conservatives who actually listen   I hope 😞
This is a very amazing video, yes. The production and execution is 🤌 But can we please talk about how crazy the contents is? How all our choices combined creates such accurate guess on the jellybean thing? And how politicians really are forced/ choose to take the easy way of governing?? And how this is affecting us? And the effect of all the power dynamic with rich people actually being the ones who decide. this is pretty crazy
I've watched this video a handful of times since it was new, I think it's one of the most important videos on YouTube
My ego helped mw in this video i almost got lost in the aw of this amazing man and how amazingly he puts an professional act on for this video i love it
my kid (9) has taken a real interest in Vsauce and i cant tell you how absolutely thrilled i am. i am so grateful for these videos :)
the song in the intro goes insanely hard
Not far into the video but is he going into global warming? The thing about global warming is not individual the individual has no effect on global warming it is the big corporations. But still there is no link to Rising temperatures and corporations releasing so-called CO2 or carbon. There is a link though to the Sun and it's natural cycles which can create a degree or to rise or a degree or two fall in average global temperatures. But there is absolutely no link that humans have done anything that is a conspiracy agenda or narrative being pushed to control us. There are those out there that may call me a conspiracy theorist but that term is widely used on people when someone doesn't like what they have to say. There is conspiracies and there's facts.
Interesting...vsauce has decided to explore religious ideas instead of just scientific ideas
“the assumption that what currently exists must necessarily exist is the acid that corrodes all visionary thinking” - Murray Bookchin
Oh my God. I'm horrified.   Reasoning as primarily social explains why many feel a disconnect with people who are prone to putting all their reasons in the table at once. They feel like they're being socially coerced into a perspective, they feel like the person doing the reasoning isn't attentive to connect on crux of their reluctance even if it's addressed because the strokes are overbroad.
Hmm partnered with Bill Gates to talk about climate change. It’s for that reason I am out.   I will come back for the next one.
The Big Elephant in this Video is Capitalism . No wonder its sponsored from Bil Gates .
My ma refers to it as "intention"
Lottocracy sounds perfect, it would completely resolve so many of the problems in politics and government today such as the problem of money in politics, purchasing influence, corruption, incompetence, biases and making decisions for dubious reasons...
Good point, we've been able to reason our way into slavery and genocide, maybe something more than reason is needed.
pls stop saying reasoneen
Whoa! One of the greatest videos of Michael
Micheal drops the "great power great responcibility" on big corps for 30 mins
9:55 twitter in a nutshell
TECHNOSALVATION would make a good metal band name lol
Back to greek ágora and lotto? That's quite my taste for ancapism but only once the gatekeepers of the pyramid system are destroyed. The central bank system.
I'm trying not to cry right now.
This is one of the MOST important/powerful videos (based on PURE logic only) I've watched in a long time, that I truly wish all of humanity could sit and watch/listen to.... and comprehend EVERYTHING that he's saying. Absolutely well done. 👏👏👏👏🙌🐐👑💐💜
Y’all I bet this dude could literally be president or like fix the world💀
The great filter separates dimensions and cannot be traversed in physical form.
Seeing michael talk about leaders of a techno savior needing to be held accountable by everyone is fascinating when seeing the likes of Elon musk refusing to be held accountable at all, and completely fumbling everything hes done with sites like twitter. Despite this, he believes he's what michael has described. Yeesh.
Coming back to these videos makes me really see the similarities between watching vsause and talking to someone high out of their mind.
Please come back Michael, we miss you.
This is such a good video, I always come back to it. You hit on so many good topics, specifically the notion of randomly selected people as leaders… Still keeps me thinking lol
Vsauce videos feel so interesting to watch, I just hate the fact that I'm too stupid to understand any of them.
That ozone molecule tryna party
I wish vsauce with Micheal would come back
am I the only one that feels like this video came out yesterday? I remember watching this when it first came out. Its literally been 2 years..
Micheal please read books by Joseph Henrich such as "the secret of our success" if you havent done so already. Especially chapter 7 about Causally opaque practices of cultures. Its all about how cultures are themselves cogitas that are often smarter than those individual humans themselves. that by means of group selection it has become a valid adaptation, yes, incredibly successful one, to ve less good at causal inferences that other species such as some of the great apes, and instead over-imitate mebers of our own species, correct other in their behaviour if they dont (even if it may be more effective (in thr short run)), and teach them how to do the way they copied it from others. That to be socially cohesive is more adaptive in the long run than to be individually smart. that a large social but stupid group is quicker at developing technologies and distributing them than a small group of incredibly smart individuals. the whole book really fits into your video essay here. its also starts out from the premise that intelligence, high brain power does bit preceed and condition sociallity but the other way around. further of course does he go on to say that cognition is likely distributed and not locatrd soley in the brain like you argued in the video. super fanatic about this guy currently.
All I learned is that Vsauce should totally be president
as soon i saw bill gates was in the video i stopped….
10:03 "The world is not a logic puzzle" EMOTIONAL DAMAGE
After reading Greek philosophers for years, I've always being intimately convinced that Athenian Democracy was the highest form of government ever created by Humans. I've being preaching the reinsertion of Randomness in selection processes for legislative bodies for the best part of the last 10 years. Even in a country like France, changing mentalities on the "lot" process is very difficult and gets ridiculed quite often. To see Vsauce express this idea with such similarity to how I express it, is quite reinvigorating... Convergence of ideas! @Vsauce, check out Etienne Chouard in France for ideas on establishing random constitutional committees throughout the country to help rewrite a Democratic constitution. Regardless of the political tendencies expressed by Etienne Chouard, the principle is sound.
" i am not an elephant.... or am i?"
That sounds unrealistic in jelly bean case, that there is no share of individuals, who just guess right
I thought, I've watched all of his videos... Suddenly found this one and wow... Simply wow...
The only Vsauce video I don't really like
Had me until the Bill Gates book endorsement. It would take a lot to convince me that man truly cares about the climate.
This video is really interesting, but one thing wonder is how indecisiveness would fit into all this  . I often struggle to make choices, is this difficultly reasoning  or a failure to pick reason from those that are in my mind. Also, sometimes i just can't form an opinion on a choice, would this be the opposite of reasoning.
מדהים ! כל כך חכם ומעורר עניין !
"Awesome-ometer" is going on my list of favourite words
And now the us is doing far worse. Overdoses and homelessness and people not being able to work. World War warnings etc.
this is such low brow content rofl vtard
this adds a whole new meaning to when I say to people "hey I need to borrow a brain cell" for when I need, say, a coworkers input
hi michael I use your videos to sleep every night what do you think about that
I feel like micheal's videos will be shown in the future as historic footage about how people thaught in the time where we now live in, a kind of New Renaissance with the mainquestion:  why are we here?
He should run for presidential office.
17:54 minute: Does it mean, that antisocial people have better reasons for their beliefs?
nobody can reason with me that life before TV colors wasnt black and white
You are awesome Shout our to Maquess Brown Lee for mentioning you as a favorite YouTube channel. You are the bidness!!
Anyone reading this today will be great! Just focus on being great and love everyone!
what is the music at 8.00 mins? Its faye 🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣🗣
The only time I remember bending facts while doing important research (I have terrible memory) was in 7th grade, we had a persuasive writing project about something that not everyone agrees on. I decided that mine would be about whether students should write narrative or informational papers. I decided that narrative stories were better - but after doing my research, it turned out that writing proper informational papers was more beneficial to most jobs, so I only used specific examples of jobs that would need creative skills, such as writing and teaching, and in the end people were supposed to check off whether they were persuaded. I only got one disagreement but it was from a girl with blue hair who thought she was a rebel. Remember, it doesn't matter if it's true, as long as people agree 😊
Am i already too biased because i belief and feel that all of what he said is totally true!?
Huh.
ignoring the current system and it's flaws, the decentralized decision system has a flaw itself. The way people interact in a group, the power balance. It's easy for one person to take literal control of a group, not by better reasoning, but other factors, like personality. That's how so many times one single person leads a group to insanely bad decisions.
This makes so much sense, i think that's why i'm an alcoholic
When are we starting this reason based country (or society)? I'm in.
Communism sounds good
Is it just me or does Michael look like young Walter White
Apr 15, 1004
29:57 fin.
I love this but your foundations are not very solid. Humans are spiritual beings and so much of all the “reasoning” contained in this video completely assumes that there is no creator. Unfortunately any conclusions will be far off.
We need this man to run civilisation on mars
Maybe it's because I'm super high, but I can't hear anything but the musak
8.1M views is way too less than what this video deserves.  One of the reasons might be language.  If such videos could be dubbed in different languages then their reach widens...Micheal, you need to do something about it!
Nice One ❤
The Future of Reasoning that may by the one's of the past...perhaps The wWorks of Immaual Kant? 😄
VSAUCE will be remembered in the far future as one of YouTube’s first “edutainors”.
Michael isn't an elephant. Or is he? 🤔
'I am not an elephant' *Rips off Michael mask and reveals elephant face* '... Or AM I?'
Mary could have been looking at the ground silly
wow
I wish I could meet more people who think like this.  I feel so alone with my perspective.  Everyone in my life is so consumed by their distractions they run out of time to be curious.
Ok video is great, of course. I got hung up a bit on this being with Bill Gates. Bill Gates should take your advice and rethink (after an apology) because his organization caused over 10,000 farmers to commit suicide with a many more than that pushed into abject poverty. There is going to be changes to the way we do things and shifts but we have to do it in a way that helps people and not alienate them. Need to get over top down models and go more towards bottom up. Look at all the people in the USA against "wokeness"/progress of reasoning. We talk to them like children and don't bring them along, of course they are going to balk. Although honestly part of that is willful ignorance, a major American value that others also cherish as well. Mixed with a decrease in empathy and an increase in narcissism, it's a crazy mix. People with all sorts of beliefs need to learn to get a long better and communicate better. Let's increase empathy and self-awareness and maybe we finally have a better world.
14:46 admittedly isn’t completely true for me. I’m some type of autistic and I really do have to think through peoples body language deliberately to figure out what they’re feeling, especially when it comes to “reading between the lines”. People making statements that are actually requests is particularly confusing, i.e “the garbage is full” really means “take out the garbage”
Can't imagine reasoning with Bill & Ep   stein
VSauce Jumpscare
Eat your cereal
There is enough if we share A new world is possible
One more thing: if humans were to 'work hard' and come to a reason, they would achieve innovation as compared to if you come to a conclusion in bias way.  But according to evolution : 'innovation' is supported. Which is used to reason the existance or heterogenous organism, to further increase innovation and come to gentic point which is compartively more superior
Bro you went from theory to a concluded observation at 22:35
When i was 9 or 10, I went to a neighbor's birthday party, and they had a jar of Hershey kisses. Whoever guessed closest to the amount in it would get something like 10 bucks or some small amount of money. I remember staring at the jar for a while, counting the hershey kisses i could see along the edge of the jar and   trying to guess the amount it would take to fill the rest of the jar based off that. I ended up guessing the exact amount, perfectly. I'm still riding that high to this day 😂.
A deep question. When do we “beat” life? When will there be no more technological advances assuming the Earth doesn’t essentially end itself from our own doings, will we colonize the galaxy and become an infinite phenomenon that exists in our universe?
"some people have more to lose" with global warming is such a trash argument. If you have so much more wealth than the average person, you're immoral and you should lose it, especially for a cause like global warming
There is the wisdom of the crowd, but there is also the stupidity of the crowd.
14:12 Funnily enough, I _do_ have to do exactly that; mental health issue, my "empathetic intuition" doesn't work properly. So if yours works - don't take it for granted, and take a hot minute to marvel at how brilliant your brain really is!
I like that the scripts of these videos come out like a single stream of consciousness, like Michael was just sitting on a couch one day, writing down every thought that came to him as it came to him.
Just read about distributed cognition in a course and I was reminded of this video
As someone with autism, who has no idea when people are upset at me because I do not automatically pick up on that stuff, It's really interesting to try to imagine what it would be like to just know someone was upset, without having to study them like a zoo animal lmao
That half of participants in the political question are the democrats
26:15 I like the idea. However you very rapidly hovered over "pay them for their time to have experts instruct them on the subject". Oh I love this in theory, but how would it work in practice?   - who chooses the experts?  - how many experts?  - are they randomly assigned to a subset of the "jury"? Then jury members A, B, C may not understand the arguments of D, E, F and vice versa.  - do all experts instruct the whole jury as a series of lectures? Then the order of lectures may unconsciously bias the opinion.   - do the experts discuss with/against one another in a debate in front of the jury? then basically you're letting the experts unleash their demagogue skills and the best speaker will probably convince most.   This is still better, in my opinion, than having politicians do that. But it's heading towards technocracy.  - it takes time from the moment the people have been selected to the moment when they've been instructed. It takes one call for a bribery to happen. Do you keep these people isolated from the second they receive the nomination?  - Most importantly, who decides how to split up the tasks? Meaning: does one of these random groups write an entire law? too much power. just a line? it will be a mess. or does it only work like this for when decisions are needed like this-or-that, yes-or-no? then it's too little power. Basically you need to define how far a single "ruling" can stretch and that's hard to put into practical terms.
Cognitive and Mental health, in the confines of the behavioral and mental health fields of study, are this(cognitive = behavior and mental = emotion) Two totally separate functions happening in separate areas of the brain. Yes, emotion will sometimes be the ATTRIBUTE of the object at hand, mental health, but this is just a matter of when someone is not acting or/nor behaving(Cognitive) logically. We often refer to this as irrational output as the result of someone's behavior affected (and no it's not EFFECTED because here I am proposing that the behaviour was influenced by emotion rather than facilitated**and sure, go ahead with your Google Search Cert. and allow your anecdotal data wreck your debated stance....lol jk...but not really because I know someone will try to argue and will ultimately lose because I'm wicked smaht. ** ) by the emotions felt in that moment of REASONING with logic or error. FOR FAHK SAKES GET THIS SH*T RIGHT !!
omg dude.....FUNCTIONS AREN'T FEATURES THEY ARE FAHKIN ATTRIBUTES ASSIGNED TO AN OBJECT!!!  K I am done.
This video really is hard to watch even though I enjoy the content Michael creates. I am pro empirical data and dislike when anyone debates using anecdotal data that doesn't have a firm factual backing. Simply put, facts vs fiction....and using fictional points in a debate is what most people who are Google Search Certified do. I hope this video ends up backtracking and uses empirical data to support these findings. Otherwise I might have to unfollow and dislike so he won't get my view count nor the pennies he will earn lol jk
geeze......another big time OOOOOOF The Paul & Peter question would MOST DEFINITELY be an 'e' error if coded that way. Simply because it is most definitely necessary to add the attribute of Mary's marridal status so when called it will return married ((which would simply be a boolean return of a 0(zero) or true))  OR unmarried(( which would simply be a boolean return of a 1(one) or false)) allowing the processor and memory to run as it should otherwise it would crash. Hopefully you will better understand the REASONING of LOGIC better.  Cheers mate
Thank you, for this video.
Bill Gates funded neoliberal propaganda
The mind is like a data center. Your brain is like one computer from said data center.
I wonder how he can remember so much information and knowledge to talk continuously
"I am not an Elephant" Michael circa 2021
2023.05.03.                  14:20
👌👌👌👌
im sorry to coming in like this. But im learning more about AI stuff lately. Ill speak in french more easy. Je crois que tu as la bonne voie. La raison est le futur. La raison d'être et d'intéragir entre nous. C'est une des seuls facon de se sortir du géant qui s'en vient. Ce géant AI qui va déformer notre perception du monde. La derniere tentative serait le raisonnement. On est la derniere race la plus intelligente derniere le AI maintenant. We need to do something. And maybe now its already too late.
Michael for president please.
I just wanna say I don’t care wether your an elephant or not I think your pretty awesome Michael 👍
Hey Vsauce, your videos are really very thoughtful and always touches an important complex subject. Though I am sure you try your level best to simplify the delivery of your thoughts in a more meaningful relatable ways but still it turns out to be quite complex and difficult to grasp and retain the perspecitve a lot of times.   May I propose you to speak slowly (or break the topic in 2 or more logical video parts) while making use of more common vocabulary. Also everytime you breakdown a complex bevahiour with your extensive reserach, maintaining a web glossary of technical/scientific terms, in the context of the video, with their meaning in simple terms for easy reference outside youtube would be really helpful for better consumption of your knowledge packed content
How I love VSauce videos ❤
The Future of Reason , would also include anti-gravity propulsion system .
A Great video , don't agree with all of it , but really good . Now if we could apply this sort of reasoning to the BB and all its implications . We would get no BB nor BH . Reasoning is not just social , it is in the science community as well . Which filters down into the social mainstream , media . Therefore thinking by most everyday people . They just don't have the time available to think deeper upon things . Life is busy .   BB and BH . Both are examples what most people refer to when they think of the Universe . Neither are correct .
*chatgpt entered the timeline*
I watched this in 2021. But rewatching this in 2023, after 3 years of working solo and as organisation, it gives me newer perspectives of 'working together'
. . . buffering. . . 11:33 . . . Hey hey hey! wait god damn minute, what if there "is" an elephant named Michael. read as Peter Griffin.
That’s crazy I watch the whole 30 minute video, and didn’t even realize it was that long
Truly a consequence of the Industrial Revolution.
12:15 Problem is there is no reasonable notion of "the facts". What you perceive is influeneced by what you value. There is an Infinite number of facts we could perceive. We have finite capacities, and thus need to filter. We do this by ignoring everything that's irrelevant to our goals, and representing the rest abstractly.
Thanks 🎉
For the people by the people and with the people
This is the best argument for sortition that I've ever seen.
The Great Filter theory, to me, holds credence. It suggests we've already passed a few Filters to reach this point; the previous Filter was nuclear power, and the one before that was the Industrial Revolution. If the Great Filter is true, than answering the question based on the Fermi Paradox,  where are all the Extraterrestrials, has 2 answers from this theory, bit there are others: 1) some ET civilizations may not have reached the Industrial Revolution and have stagnated, while b) others annihilated themselves with nuclear power. We have in sight 2 upcoming Filters: climate change, and space colonization. If we are to survive as a species and a civilization, we must overcome these - or stagnate to stall and bide time; or else we shall fall before the Great Filter
Is it just me that I always get lost at almost the last 1/3 of Vsauce's videos and have to rewind? 😂
not a elepfent 🐘😮
I wonder how reasoning will change with a development of chatGPT.
I love how he hasn't changed his brand even a little bit in a decade of content.
I love how smart he is he got that big brain 🧠 I also love the things he talks about
Unsubscribe for shilling bill gates 🤮
EXCUSE ME WRITING IN CAPITAL, IT IS NOT MEANT TO MEAN "YELLING" AT ALL 😊.  XXX  FIRST PLEASE  MY BACKGROUND: I HAVE 20 YEARS OF EDUCATION AND 15 YEARS OF RESEARCH, EXPERIMENTS, CALCULATIONS, ... AND YET I AM BAFFLED WITH HUNDREDS OF UNEXPLAINED REAL SCIENCE, MATHEMATICS, PHYSICS, MECHANICS, ... UNANSWERED QUESTIONS. NO THEY ARE NOT IN THE BOOKS AND FRANKLY I FOUND 15 YEARS AGO NOT TO TRUST THE NEW SCIENCE, CORPORATIONS AND MOST WHAT GOVERNMENTS AND MEDIA ARE FEEDING US. NOW THEY OWN IT ALL AND HAVE BEEN MANIPULATING IT ALL TO THEIR BENEFITS. THEY USED TO TRY TO MAKE MORE MONEY BUT NOW THEY OWN THE TREASURY AND THEY CAN PRINT MONEY WITHOUT ANY BACKING AND BUY EVERYTHING. MONEY IS NO OBJECT ANYMORE. IT IS POWER AND THAT IS FROM OWNERSHIP AND CONTROL, SPECIALLY MIND CONTROL THROUGH MEDIA. WE ARE NOW A BUNCH OF SHEEPS AND THIS VIDEO IS ALSO TELLING US THAT MOST THINGS HAVE BEEN MADE AND FOUND FOR US SO WE DO NOT NEED TO FIND THINGS BY OURSELVES AND JUST ACCEPT THEM LIKE A    "DOCILE SHEEP" XXX  SO WE ALL SHOULD BELIEVE A HAND COUNT OF PEOPLE KNOW EVERYTHING FOR US AND WE SHOULD NOT QUESTION THE NARRATIVE, NEVER QUESTION THEM BECAUSE THEY KNOW BETTER!!! THEY GUIDED US TO MANY NEVER-ENDING WARS, SCARED US FROM EACH-OTHER, FROM OTHER NATIONS SO WE DO NOT TRAVEL, HUG EACH OTHER, LOVE EACH-OTHER, ... CREATED STRONGER AND BETTER WEAPONS AND ATOMIC BOMBS AND USED THEM TO KILL MILLIONS, THEY CAUSE CANCER AND DIABETES WITH THEIR CHEMICALS, PROCESSED FOOD, AND CHEMICALS USED FOR MANUFACTURING NONE-STOP IN THE NAME OF GREEN ENERGY, GREEN CARS, GREEN THIS, GREEN THAT!!!!!!!! YOU WANT TO BE GREEN? STOP USING THE TOILET PAPERS, PAPER TOWELS, CHEMICALS , DISPOSABLES, PLASTICS, LOTIONS, POTIONS, PROCESSED FOOD, GMOs THAT YOU CAN NOT REGROW THEIR SEEDS AGAIN AND ARE FULL OF CHEMICALS  BEING SOLD TO US AS GREAT FOOD BY     XXX  BILL-GATES  XXX     START LIVING AND EATING FROM NATURE. ME AND MY WIFE STARTED THIS 3 YEARS AGO WITH THE FOLLOWING CHANGES AND CONTINUED ADDING MORE: 1- WE WILL NEVER USE TOILET PAPER AGAIN. 2- OUR USAGE OF PAPER TOWEL IS DOWN TO 10% USING MICRO-SHEET TOWELS AND COTTON TOWELS 3- EATING VEGETARIAN MOSTLY AND NO PROCESSED FOOD 4- WE USE LAUNDRY SOAP FOR LAUNDRY AND NO CHEMICALS. CLEANER, CHEAPER AND WORKS BETTER FOR ALL LAUNDRY MACHINES. 5- NO WATER BOTTLE 6- MINIMIZED THE WATER AND ELECTRICITY USAGE BY TURNING THEM OFF WHEN NOT IN USE. 7- MINIMIZE OUR TRAVEL TO STORE AND PUT ALL OUR ON-LINE ORDERS TO BE DELIVERED IN ONE DAY, IN ONE BOX. 8- RECYCLE EVERYTHING THEY CAN RECYCLE 9- REUSE JARS, CONTAINERS, BAGS, BUBBLE BAGS, BOTTLES, CLOTHING ... 10- IF ORGANIC EITHER IN SINK GARBAGE DISPOSAL FOOD FOR FARM ANIMALS OR COMPOSTING. 11- HAVE A GARDEN THAT IS FED BY COMPOSTED ANIMAL POOP OR COMPOSTED FOOD 12- DO NOT SMOKE AND TAKE CARE OF OUR HEALTH SO NOT TO WORRY ABOUT COVID PUTTING OTHERS IN ISOLATION OR BEHIND MASK OR FORCE THEM TO GET VACCINATED SINCE IT CAUSED STROKE, DEATH, NERVE PROBLEMS, ... LIKE MANY OF OUR FAMILY AND FRIENDS THAT NOW ARE SORRY TAKING THE VACCINATION. MOST OF THEM ONLY TOOK THE FIRST 2 JABS ONLY INCLUDING MY "DOCTOR BROTHER THAT WAS ADVOCATE FOR VACCINATION" NOW SO SICK AFTER A LONG TIME SINCE, MY SISTER. MY NIECE VERY SICK, NOT TO MENTION 4 MEMBERS OF MY WIFE'S FAMILY DEAD WITHIN 3-4 WEEKS INCLUDING AN 11 YEAR OLD BEAUTIFUL GIRL 😪😪😪. NOW ALL OF MY FAMILY THAT WERE VACCINATED HAVE BEEN GETTING COVID AGAIN AND AGAIN WHILE WE JUST EAT RIGHT. THE WORST OF THE WORST WAS VACCINATING THE KIDS. SHAME ON ALL EVIL, GREEDY CORPORATIONS AND ALL THE SHEEPS THAT BELIEVE THESE CORPORATIONS AGAIN AND AGAIN DESPITE ALL THEIR LIES AND CORRUPTION. YES BELIEVE THEM BUT DO NOT TRUST PEOPLE BECAUSE THEY HAVE A DIFFERENT OPINION THAN YOUR NEIGHBOR!!! WE DO NOT TRUST NOBLE PRIZE DOCTORS SAYING THAT MOST OF US DO NOT NEED TO BE VACCINATED (ABOUT 98%) BUT WE ARE WILLING TO LISTEN TO "BILL GATES (NOT A DOCTOR), CNN AND FOX COMMENTATORS (NOT A DOCTOR), FAUCI  (NEVER WORKED ON PATIENTS) BUT DO NOT LISTEN TO DOCTORS THAT ARE WORKING ON COVID PATIENTS THAT ARE SAVING LIVES WITH IV VITAMIN "C" ZINC, OR WHAT THEY CALL HORSE MEDICINE, ... ALL WE HAD TO DO WAS TO FOLLOW THE DOCTORS THAT SAVED THOUSANDS OF LIVES LIKE THE DOCTORS IN IRAN INSTEAD OF FOLLOWING THE SYSTEMS LIKE "NY" OR "NJ" THAT HAD 40% OF DEATHS IN UNITED STATES OF 25% OF DEATHS IN THE WORLD AGAINST ALL THE HUGE INTERNATIONAL HUGE CITIES WITH A LOT MORE POPULATION THAN NY CITY. GO FIGURE THAT OUT?!!! 🙃 HAY 🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑 JUST FOLLOW THE  🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺🐺 ADVICE AS USUAL. I AM DONE TRYING TO EDUCATE YOU OR TRYING TO OPEN YOUR EYES (RED PILL YOU).
It’s a bummer these videos always get ruined by backing stuff up by evolution
Existence is the real question. Now the answer, I dare say, is not a sentence or a thing, but a person, all along. The answer to the big question is it's own Creator. He is a person, and He has a name, an excellent one: Jesus. Yeshua, the original Hebrew name means precisely that: "YHWH(The Lord) saves".  For modern times I put it like this: "The Lord is the Answer" You certainly have one hell of a question inside your soul, dear reader, and I would certainly like to show you the most amazing answer one could never even dream of: He is the Answer. In Him only all desire and doubt and hunger and void and need finds it final meaning. It all lead to this, ever since the beginning, all things where from Him and meant for Him. Why would you then, dear reader, fellow human, not lend yourself to His Person?
So how do we know we "need to release zero" of these gasses?
We could be the result of future beings running tests that need good reasoning, they're recreating us and our experience with quantum tech bc we were maybe the universes best reasoners... Such a cool thought.
Beautyfull video
0:05 I can't be the only person who immediately thought "way out in the water, see it swimmin'"
Michael certainly is an elephant 🐘
29:06 this is an idea I think about a lot
This needs to reach more people
Vsauce, Michael here for President
13:20 this is eerily similar to hemispherectomy patients - when the halves of the  brain are split, one half will come up with reasons for what it thinks happened, even though what just happened is the opposite.
okay i was listening to where is my mind seconds before starting this video. michael just proved we live in the matrix
All hail Gaia, may mankind, a cancerous curse shrivel away as soon as possible so Mother Earth may be free.  VS In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. And God said, Let us make man in our own image, after our likness: and let them have dominion over every living thing upon the earth.
If this planet ends, I am certain that Microsoft will have played a significant role in that process. So, you might want to remove Bill Gates from your sponsorship list. I'm not saying Bill Gates is the worst person in the world, but people need to know this: Bill Gates was already wealthy before he became wealthier. You can't fix a problem if you benefit from the problem. It's a zero-sum game for them.
Errra_errra _V_SOUCE
No jokes this time, I would he ok with this being the only evidence of humanity 10 million years from now when aliens find this planet
Sience
This is fuckin brilliant dude you’re a damn poet. Thanks for putting it into words and doing so with such eloquence
This guy needs some sort of Nobel Peace prize or some sort of amazing metal plaque piece of paper dude you need a high-five for sure.
Empathy being the next tool we need to advance a species makes sense. If our current societal order of nationalism, expansion, capitalism, and our modernist approach that prioritises technology and limitless growth has got us to this point, an approach that notiably lacks 'empathy' - perhaps we should look at alternatives.
The Borg.
I'm not convinced that small group decisions are necessarily efficient, although I suppose they might be better than alternatives. For example, a particularly charismatic individual could sway the participants to their view just because they are likable, not because they are correct.   Similarly, I think a lottocracy would work best with a well-educated populace. We'd need not just free, but compulsory higher education (in civics and whatnot) first.
He's Socrates of 21th century I like him 😊😊
Michael perfectly explains why I can't stand so many humans Also why humanity is terrible
Coming back to this video now is immensely fascinating. I wonder what the role of leaders would be in this kind of system
_Common sense,_ is just another word for _bias._
The, _"wisdom of the masses",_ is now used to _"control the masses"._ *With great knowledge, comes great responsibility.*
apparently vsauce is god, he can just conjure random objects at will
It is easy to give praise to such an amazing, unique and unprecedented creator like Michael. But this time, I feel like the praise towards admirable people is exactly the opposite of what he is looking to communicate in this video. I admire Michael enormously, but I am conflicted. If I agree with him, I must also look for reasons for why he might be wrong, in order for my reasoning to be true and complete. But how con someone reason alone, when reason is about different perspectives? Anyway, what I gathered from this video is that Michael wants people to be better. To think for and reason amongst themselves. I value his teachings so much I will do exactly that.
So we don't often do pure reasoning, we just make desicions to fit a particular social construct and call it reasoning. Welp!
the industrial revolution was the beginning of the end. greatest mistake of mankind!
I picked yes because mary is clearly mary'd
love the subtle digs at bill gates lmao wish he could be less subtle with them tho. pretty sure if we had a democratic society well over half of people would want the dude in prison whether theyre on the left or the right
BRET WEINSTEIN VS SAM HARRIS 2024 LETS GOOOOOO
We will one day be the ancients is so metal
B ill Gate$ who hung out with epsein? that bill? no thanks.
This video is more relevant than ever.
Explains the information war outraging right now. People are not gullible, they are just finding reasonings. A huge percentage of people usually tends to be biased towards their country, friends, town, history, culture and they want to find more and more explanations to that. Nowadays, most people go into their comfort zone where everyone is agreeing with their views, whether it is political, economical views or entrainment. Subreddits, group chats, discord servers. What made us social, also made us antisocial and delusional. Ironic, isnt it? Perhaps best choice is to ignore it all and go into another type of comfort zone? Or fight it and waste time arguing with strangers? Or maybe we should respect all views? Each choice is a foolish one. What is a choice?
Can you imagine a political power allowing random citezens actual decision making power? I think it's brilliant but people are too proud to allow it.
Bill Gates.... i see 🙃
Unintended consequences, uncertainty, trade offs, chaotic systems, rational thinking all of this is oozing economic theory I love it
You haven't addressed the phenomenon of how groups of people making a decision versus a single person doing that often actually produces a worse result. 'Decision by committee'. If a single person knows less than the group's knowledge combined, which isn't always the case, then the group can help in that sense, but the social effects that happen in that group greatly detracts from their rationale
Bill Gates? No thanks
That intro was too clean
Cant tell if my agreement with this video is supported by conformation bias from all previous acts of conformation bias that I have committed, thus making the reasoning to agree to this video less accurate lmao. If I already had an intuition that my reasoning is flawed, wouldn't seeking the answers in this video, that are evidence of why it is flawed, be an example of conformation bias?? Anyways, I 100% agree lmao.
If Michael could be an elephant, what if Mary isn't a person... Then we have not enough information.
I love you and your videos but I could do without the background music.
And yet US elections are down to a binary choice
twerk
Jaw dropping
why do people buy apple products then ? (yea i think they have less features and no i don't ask really its just rhetorical question.) me as self elected jury member recommend every single human to watch this video.
Democracy is a fail, just corruption that is born within every birth of a politician that stems from a determined learning structure. Just a select few within this corrupt cycle of political mayhem gets to vote, since voting in itself is just rigged
Are we quite sure our Michael is not the angel by the same name? Because Holy eFing Shoes this was good!
كائن مفرط
26:30 "We decide the fate of a person this way" ...in the USA.
Fabulous video to consume marijuana to Michael, thoughtful stuff
Wow! That was wonderfull! Well done!
17:01 justifying is often and mostly done to protect our ego.
Rationality is accepting reality as it is without any biases or judgments.
Carbon taxes will save us. Reason at is best. No no it’s not greed, it’s reason!
“It’s why we don’t trust big decisions to a single person…”  I know you are terminally an optimist, but hearing this, I have to ask: what planet are you on? Here on earth, this happens all the time. Oh, yes, different organizational entities go through the motions of consultation and deliberation, but that is largely empty theater.  And, when more than a single person is involved in decision-making, it’s always a select, very small, privileged, and usually self-interested group after the manner of an oligarchy.  But, keep in believin’, I guess..
man that ending
The  13:00 "aha" study is baloney. People have conflicting opinions. Ask them to summarize such arbitrary, shallow and instant opinions such as a facial impression into a yes/no and they decide with little reasoning. They have explanations for both conflicting opinion. You just asked for explanation of the side that previously lost when weighed against its alternative. Do I want soda? Yes, its tasty. No, its unhealthy. In summary, no I don't want soda. "why did you say you wanted soda?" Because its tasty. See?  The reality is if you asked them on a more serious subject such as why they purchased property in Alabama no one would forget their conclusion and each would still have an explanation of why Colorado might be preferable despite deciding against it.
Very interesting.. we basically have to cultivate a find ways for the collective mind to govern our actions.. since that is currently the best, most effective, most informed way to direct or govern our society.  You can probably achieve something similar (a collective mind) comprised of computers and their information and that could be a bunch of times faster at processing info and reaching a conclusion or direction
Nice, 30 minutes of ad free propaganda. Thanks ZOG!
*1:58** Woah, I see what you did there*
Which is your favorite science fiction Star Wars or Star Trek? Trick question, Star Wars isn’t science fiction. There’s no science in Star Wars so it’s fantasy not science fiction. 🤣
This is why I’m part of the minimalist movement. 😎
First comment on this video in a full day
This is my favorite video on YouTube
i have the same desk chair
Thanks again for answering questions that cripple me and raising ones that paralyse me.
Best pregame speech ever
Aannd now people believe China is some kind of green energy prodigy, while in reality they are increasing their coal burning and their pollution is already way higher than any other country, much more than all of Europe
just a video of Michael talking at a table and its one of the most entertaining videos ive watched
What an inspiring and perfect video!!! ❤ Just stunning. And as always…
At 13:00 an experiment was conducted which turned out to be rather lame and underwhelming. Although most people would have liked working with both of the photos presented, the task assigned was to choose someone whom they liked "more". It's important to note that preferring one person doesn't necessarily mean disliking the other. As a result, participants found it easier to justify why they liked the person they chose because they genuinely didn't have any strong dislike with any of them. It does NOT prove a thing.
This is such a powerful analysis. Unexpected!
We must return to monke
Autistic people be like, "I use reason to work out if someone is upset"
You've done some brilliant work. I think this may be your best. Thank you. Sharing everywhere...
"Do you exist?"
This man is a genius
YES to National Deliberation Day!! Finally a holiday I could get into!
If you at all philosophy this the concept of conclusion you're going to arrive at
Had to watch this in like 3 parts so much info in so little time.
how about energy like hydrogen or something.
I am autistic and i frecuently need to really work and reason over the signs people gives about their current mood. It´s very hard, because people wants you to immediately recognize what are they feeling and or trying to say. I many times find myself considered to be rude or dumb because of this. Oh, AWESOME CONTENT BTW! REVEALING
Michael . . .  What kind of tofu? . . .  :) Edit: #heartmindcoherance
Okay, so what if you could project thoughts with your mind across videos. Would that be like be like pseudo-time-travel?
The prequel to where are your fingers
We only give reasons for what we think we have to explain, and not how we actually came to a conclusion? Using this reasoning it would be impossible for science to exist.   Comparing logic puzzles to real world problem solving? This is the kind of statement dumb people eat up because it makes them feel smart.   By the way, this is totally not just an advertisement for benevolent tech daddy Gates.
bollocks to bill gates
Taking me back to discrete math
I wish you would have worked with anybody else other than Bill Gates he is absolutely evil
I wish one day I can look on Google Maps and see nothing but Woods 4 miles and miles and miles everywhere
Michael please make a video on SOLIPSISM.
climate deaths are at a all time low.
Saturday night and I'm on a Vsauce wormhole again.. or am I?
Just ohhh
E
I loved this channel since the beginning and I love it just as much now. Thank you for another great one :)
this is one of the best vsauce videos ever
Very interesting thanks
What a disappointing end to one of the last unalienated audiences on YouTube. I guess it truly is just too difficult to turn down the money someone like Gates can offer.
🖤🖤
Another great youtuber doing subtle propaganda...
yep. 1 year before, he was right on it. hitting the nail on the head befere we even invented the hammer
This Guy is a genius
This video was incredible and eye-opening. Thank you Michael for the work you put in 🫡
love how coming back to vsauce 4 years later I can still depend on hearing that iconic jake chudnow vibe. nostalgic in a way
help
I was tired and zoned out for a second and saw Walter white in vscauce. Walter white started explaining awesome-o meters to me.
Here we are a year later, and I would say reason and logic are basically dead now.
I think Mr. Reason was hung a long time ago.
Over the past few years, social pressure from the Woke have reduced reasonable thought to a remnant of what it used to be. Mindless obedience to the mob is the future of 'reason'.
The people who truly need to watch this video are the ones who may never watch it
I’m literally having a crisis at the moment because our house heater is on, and I feel like I’m the reason our heater contributes to pollution:(
idk if its my intuition but when i look at people that voice in my heard is asking every lil detail. haha it’s probably anxiety
The elephants name is Michael The horses name was friday
Holy shit I waited so long for the signature vsauce beat drop. 😂😂😂
In the puzzle at about 10:00 do we assume that if it isn't said that someone is married then they are not married?
Watching your movies bring me closer to Jesus.  Showing how complicated the world is yet in such a beautiful order from the creator himself. 🥰
Being a high school teacher, my students regularly happen to remind me that I'm already a member of 'the ancients' ...at 29 years of age.
Great video but I think ending with pie in the sky suggestions of governing by lottocracy might mean many people forget the more pragmatic suggestions Michael made throughout. Whilst electing people randomly could have its merits and seem like they couldn’t be worse than our current elected politicians, it just ain’t gunna happen. The ideas around our individual use of reason and how we reason and feel about reason and feeling, are much more practical and more likely to lead to that pie in the sky end goal then focusing on the goal in and of itself… but a better video structure is not immediately apparent and apart from that point I thought it was great.
Seriously! Phenomenal content if you believe the dogma. Anyone partnering with Gates should be regarded with rampant suspicion!
0:45 of course
I imagine a luttocracy led by a magician would work as intended.  Bill Gates would approve.
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates"
Michael transcends the YouTube algorithm it’s crazy
1:56 I love it when Michael says this: “Or, is it?”
so... You're buddies with Bill Gates? HIS WIFE DIVORCED HIM BECAUSE HE WAS EJACULATING INTO CHILDREN WITH JEFFREY EPSTEIN  birds of a feather, perhaps?
14:31 I'm autisic that doesn't happen to me
0:05 Pixies already made a song about this
this outro goes harder than anything i’ve seen/heard in a while
So the reason why michael is right here is because th-
assimilate
Lame pseudo-scientific talk about the origin of reason and language. We can talk about how people often use reason for post-hoc justification, but the idea that the ability to reason is evolved — you’re off the range.  Also why parter with that egotistical, Epstein-befriending, philanthro-capitalist, who’s more than happy to usher in the abolition of man via his fetishized trans human technocracy.
His brain generates gravity.
Thanks for disclosing Big Billy G's involvement in this video, it's already better than some *AHEM* Kurzgesagt *AHEM* channels
"Reason: no matter what, you're doing it wrong."
5:48 funky music takes over
I love the endings to these videos. I find them inspirational to change wrong things to make them better. The most taxing question on the mind is if what we do now will benefit or hurt the future. What would historians find? What would future generations learn about us and what we right now did? Every action will be watched by our children 100 years later. That’s hard to think about, it inspires me as a person to improve people’s life’s and to show our children that we were good people. We can’t be self centered all of the time.  As a collective society we need to help and take care of people around us and ourselves, but that’s hard, but it can be done. For us, for the future, for the world.
one of the best
“The democratization of communication means that even unpopular, unconvincing, nonsensical ideas can be presented with the same trust inducing, tight faces, and professional look as common ones.” -Michael Stevens, Vsauce “The Future of Reasoning”
7:39 me and my friend had almost this exact same discussion the other day about something else. I didn't want to do something and I gave a reason which he was able easily counter until I put in the work to figure out a good enough reason.  It mainly happened because I didn't realize he was quite as passionate about it, nor just how lazy I was feeling about the idea. I could've just said no and thats final, but it would've made my friend upset with me for a while, so socially you need powers of reasoning.
Question: Can The "WISDOM OF THE CROWD" choose between too many and too few of anything?
interesting
I really liked this. Beyond the great writing, the performance, and timing, there is that iconic *GONG* banger of a theme song that lets you know something is about to upend (append?) my understanding of something fundamental.
Bill Gates has been funding many YouTube channels for an essentially sponsored vid over the last couple years (AFAIK). I know Kurzgesagt made one, now I see they even reached out to Michael with this collaboration. Interesting…
Excelente!!👋👋
what is it with all the anti-science morons in the comments???
Future people, please don't bring my dead body back to life. Thanks.
oh god you had to partner with that piece of sh1t...now pushing the agenda
Speaking so decidedly on a system we barely understand (climate). And not putting things into context (we are still very far from record temperature we reached in hot periods) could be counted as willing manipulation.
This video should be mandatory for any politician elected for office - like an introduction video to their new job.
Cringe
If the weak reasons can be presented with confident and profesional faces, and be taken seriously by people. Were they even weak to begin with ? Or are they equally strong as the opposite ones ?
I think that it's without reason for someone to buy something just to impress the others. Like, why would you care about what others think of, let's say, what phone you bought? It should be a decision based on your needs, experience of usage etc, not based on justifying it to others, or even bragging about it. Unless you just want to "blend in", which is in itself silly.
Blew my mind... this is something... Venus project, future of mankind, real intelligence... asdfasdf
Not gonna lie this is one of my favorite vsauce videos of all time. Always come back to rewatch every now and then
tldw: Vsauce advocates for athenian democracy
This is just non-scientific anti-human communist propaganda from evil Bill Gates
No man history has ended didn't you hear?
WOW! On the last segment, you just spoke my mind about how politics should work... (even if the idea of a partnership with Bill Gates sounds weird to me). This was better than any TEDx !!!
heuristic ≠ fact. there are truths like stars in the sky, but only one true and only (un-solipsistic) reality.
bro do research, brain is in skull and mind is created by brain its mental it dosent have psyhical body its how we experience our brains
the extreme weather is just the earth trying to cancel out the once a month new york cities. even the earth is anti urbanite
What a fantastic video
I get brain cramps watching this
There are many problems with the last part, say business owners are randomly elected in, whos interest will they most likely serve. How about a certain majority group vs smaller ones. There is a reason we have elective systems. I have a feelinh there wasalot of bill gates in the last part of the video :) otherwise great video as always.
I love how humanity has separated themselves with their brain. Saying things like "you and your brain" or "your brain makes you do this...", your brain IS you
groups of men in india stand and yell in circles doing just this
Fantastic intro
more people especially those younger and with internet access should definitely see the part about the echochamber crowds and lone reasoning
One way to think about it is that you don't remember with other thing, rather, other things remember for you. Take the phone for example. The phone has it's own memory unit, if that memory unit is broken, or destroyed, what you want it to remember for you is now lost. Or a journal. If the journal loses a page or gets destroyed, what you want it to remember is now lost.
Big data trained AI is this flipping 180 degrees and creating reasoning based on unprecedented amounts of view points
OH MY GOD!!! When he started talking abt hyperobjects the first thing that came to my mind was the great filter and then when he started talking abt the great filter 🫠🫠
this video is pure apology for socialism and i love it
Look, I understand the reasoning (haha) behind the statement at 14:13, but successfully inferring social cues isn't the most universally relatable example 😅 Some of us HAVE to consciously use deduction to accurately read emotions. My autistic brain didn't come with that function built in.
michael : i have built this video in collaboration with *insert the person here so the algo does not filter me*  me: leaves
Who the hell is getting that puzzle wrong?
I'll just leave this here. 90% shorter video telling the same thing in layman's terms. The video title is: Aziz Ansari Clears Up the Pizza Swastika Story https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gYxUnkG8Sic
I really enjoyed this video, but I feel like the solutions/theories presented didn't address group think or peer pressure or any other social truth that cause people to ignore their intuition (and reasons) in exchange for safety.
wsauce
We have exactly zero information about Mary, beyond that she's looking at Peter (you could also argue that being looked at by Paul is information), so It's reasonable to state that Mary could be a dog, then the answer would be no, as dogs are not persons and they obviously don't marry. "Mary the dog, looking at Peter the unmarried human", remains a valid statement in this context.    When you actually truly think about it, knowing that in this logic puzzle Mary is undefined beyond her capacity to look at someone (you liberally assumed she's human), anything that can look and be called Mary can correspond to the Mary in the puzzle, then not enough information is definitely the only valid answer.   The future of reasoning is not looking great, Michael...
"We have a meat computer inside of our heads, if that's not a miracle I don't know what is"
NUCLEAR BABY
This should be paid content.
L
Its in my knees, like my dad always says
if off the volume, this look like a vsauce go crazy, sorry
Michael takes food for thought and turns it into a banquet. It takes many return trips to take it all in!
Doesnt all that concrete concentrated over small areas affect the center of mass on the earth?
MF'rs will say anything but socialism
Man this really picks apart how people decide on their political beliefs. And it's always so frustrating when people want to shout their's but immediately want you to shut up the moment you make any differing comments.   I've seen this equally on both sides. Both those on the left and right side of the spectrum are guilty of this.
This is why my cats dont talk to me
Lottocracy is a crazy idea.
In a lottocracy, why does it need to be a human?  Why should anyone trust a random human over a random machine?
When he speaks of alotcracy i get really constrained und upset almost upset. As an Merican i get very very animated we are not people without purpose or being
This snagged deep thoughts I've held over decades, and dragged them onto shore.... 1) Citizen's Jury for deciding policy. Not mine - look it up.  2) The evolving mammalian brain tried civil, social, altruistic behavior, which was rewarded by natural selection, and so it tried the skill called "reasoning" and was rewarded.  Thus, an alternative to law of the jungle emerged from a brain that evolved and expanded to use 4-dimensional space, being able to imagine, plan, and DESIGN for a future that extends beyond the self - to consider not only "My" fate and success, but also my children and grandchildren, the progeny, which many "lesser" species have developed, but also genetically unrelated individuals and even species, which is rare indeed amongst the animals. This is the non-theological origin of love, sacrifice, and grace, no God or Creator needed.
One of my favourite vids ever tbh outstanding perspectives Michael great work!
Industrial society and it's future
Bill Gates new book: How to Launder A Reputation: Or How There's No Such Thing As A Good Billionaire
I could not copy the chapter names. (error) Times do not match transcript. (error)
Great video!
I am not an elephant
i said yes to the paul mary peter question, but only because I concluded that because mary's name is "marry" she id "married" and looking at peter who is not "mary" and is therefore "unmarried"
13:47 it is exactly what Chat GPT is doing. It will come up with reason or solution for absolutely everything. And when confronted with a lie it will just accept it and move forward.
We all know how amazing Michael is, but this particular video is something else again.
Great Topic. That's why if you have a wish or dream, don't tell it to anyone. Telling anything about it invokes our tribal mind that starts to need all sorts of justifications, and checks in with the tribe, your mind will sabotage your plans on every step whenever something is off in the reason department. Don't speak of your dreams, don't speak of your plans. Do not beat a drum in the search of the fugitive. Just go and catch him silently. Without a word.
i wish i found these videos when i was younger so i could mold my brain to think more like this. i think Fortnite and Minecraft when i should be thinking space and the future and the death of all things
Republic > democracy
Concrete is so bad, that's not quality life.
Hey
I've never met anyone besides myself that has that capability but I can tell I've been forced into a place where I can't bring this ability to light.  No matter how many different things I do and excell at far beyond anyone else, I can never get into a position to  make change for everyone.  If there are others out there then maybe they know what I mean.
WE ARE GOD
Wow I wished any of our governments would stop and ask some of these climate change questions to themselves before t5anking our economics
3:50 or so - "we need to release zero"? A fire to keep warm or dry counts, right?
Bill grates propaganda moment ...? ',:) or... hermmm.... 👽🤟 rock on Michael vsauce I be on some confirmation bias bullshit........
There is a lot wrapped up in this video. I appreciate the effort you put in to make the heaviest subjects approachable. Thank you Michael
My blessed son sent this to me. Because he loves others and wants them to learn how vast is the love of God.
i think a huge part of what makes the idea of living in an agricultural/walkable/less tech-driven/slower-paced/less competitive-capitalist society so appealing are the ways in which it would naturally promote communities to foster that kind of reasoning more habitually.   i feel like a hyper object could be found in our understanding of how much society as we experience it today it is built to obstruct productive collective reasoning.
We are all going to die, but at least we have Vsauce to explain how and what it all means.
bros got that wendigoon music
im mind blown
Every "Or is it?" makes me stare at my phone
This is a great video, but why are the subtitles so intentionally wrong at times?
Nah this is the kind of shit that led to Brexit. Down with this sort of thing.
Thank you Vsauce
hey! vsauce gerre 🥸
OMG HE DESTROYED ME IN MINUTES... and probably of you guys too🥲
Thanks Micheal I just converted to Demarchy and I feel invigorated and hopeful on a level that is.... beyond reason.
My minds been thoroughly blown with this one. Vsauce kinda reminds me of a really good album, he literally drops nothin but bangers.
0:03
It funny when he talks about reasoning that we are listening his reasoning. Reasoning is very inevitable.
This sounds familiar. If i don't believe in something that can't be proved or disproved I am unreasonable.
It's called collective unconscious and was called out by Jung.
"Why lead when you can follow? Look at what some people believe, find reasons why they are right, and they'll love it!"  This is exactly why populism is on the rise again.
A 6 minute exposition that truly needed to be that long 👌
24:40 nowadays it's becoming true.
The Lottocracy is interesting. I had once supposed that we'd have an online congress where folks volunteered online to work on government work for a day. To achieve this Lottocracy, I believe it must be done online with a digital record of actions and decisions.
I always watch until the end. Not every YouTuber can achieve this as Vsauce does.
It's not that I disagree with you Michael, but have you gone out and seen the kinds of people that share this earth with us? Our reasoning biases tend far more towards tribalism and warfare than peace and prosperity for all, at least historically.
Yikes…. Partnered with BILL GATES…?
Makes sense. I'll believe this until I can find a better reason. ;)
While ppl still believe in a religious God, reasoning does not exist, and also for 80% of youtube videos being uploaded since the pandemic....the amount of absolute crap and BS being uploaded is unbelievable.
yeah i get it walter humanity is doomed and we all gonna die can we just make meth now???
This is his best video and that says something
A 30minute reason for why one should not engage in wrongthink.
I love eating at ABC burgers🤤
nice job new world order shill
all of yall tell me that you waited for the music to start waaaaaaay before it dropped >D
0:05 With your feet in the air and your head on the ground
If we develop a singularity it needs to watch this video
This channel DIED years ago. Money speaks louder, right Michael ? 😑
Why are the Michaels the best creators but also creators  who never upload :(
If a lottocracy existed, large corporations and media giants would be even further insentivised to subliminally condition our minds to certain ways of thought. We already spend our whole lives being marketed to and that would just intensify the issue. In fact someone like Bill Gates could have an extreme amount of influence on the public mind and thereby how the world is run.
Pretty sure I just gained a fear of thinking
this is awesome! but bill gates isn't gonna save us, billionaires are not gonna save us, billionaires should not exist
I do hope the likes of Google and Meta have been listening to this! (Or are already thinking about this when making decisions about their platform/algorithms)
Yeah, great content and everything, but are we all just going to ignore the fact that it's propaganda? I mean, even if we agree with the thing that it's propagandising, isn't the fact that so many people watched the video and apparently didn't even notice that it _was_ propaganda just a little bit... sinister...? I mean... that shouldn't be how we do things, should it? Is it just me?
Oh Michael, oh why do you always make my brain say ooowwwiiieeee!?
I think this very well may have been the most profound Vsauce video to date. In every video, he uses reason and the reasoning of others  to create mind-boggling content, yet here, he evaluates reasoning itself.
Wow! I randomly had the thought that politicians felt insufficient because they don't represent the needs and voices of an entire nation. They only support the needs of those like them and that's not good enough. That's why we have presidents that inevitably disappoint someone. You could reason how a president has done some good for a nation, but then you can also reason how they performed poorly.   To hear that thought come to life in the words of such an intelligent person is so validating. I vote for the idea of lottocracy. I hope enough people get talking about that idea so our governments can be reformed one day. I'd gladly join that fight!
Is this all because of a confusion between the true meanings of the words “reason” and “justification”?  Maybe to scientists, the pioneers at the frontier of knowledge,  “reason” does have its significance other than for justifying a hypothesis to their peers…, well, or not?  Reasons are shorthand statements of positive correlations between two phenomena that are actually caused by intuitive decisions of arbitrary minds.
most content numbs my brain but vsause just makes it  G     R       O      W
Im going to start admitting that I don't have an opinion on most topics. Thanks Mike and team!
Light takes time to travel, which means that life is out there, we just have not see seen it yet because we are basically lagging.
I greatly appreciate the notion that we can not just appreciate the knowledge imparted to us by "classic" notions of debate, but that we ourselves might one day become that ancient teacher to our decedents. Where most channels skirt the actual questions they pose, few expend the energy to delve into them properly.  Just kidding after reading the comments I realize that 99% of people here are still developing basic listening and comprehension. Maybe the real problem is human stupidity and self-righteousness.
THIS video makes so much sense about why I've always disliked how others think.  When it comes to social reasoning?  That was never me.  I was NEVER interested in a truth that could possibly work, but ALWAYS interested in what THE truth actually was.  So ANYTIME I encountered a possible truth that I hadn't encountered and fully considered before... I would go to the library and/or online and look for ALL the material I could possibly find with a proper description of that truth and why people believed it or not.  Then once I'd fully evaluated the new truth, I'd determine whether or not it was more likely to actually BE the truth or not compared to any contradictory beliefs I'd held at that point... and then since contradictions cannot exist I would simply incorporate the new belief into my overall belief structures and get rid of all the previously-held contradictory ones if the new truth was determined to be the actual truth.  And if not, then it would be actually kinda unfortunate since all that research I'd just done wouldn't lead me to have a change in my beliefs, but either way it would be worth it because I'd know about at least one more piece of information and whether or not it made sense with the world.  I honestly grew up thinking I was special and thought differently from how others do because of how much better I'd be able to perceive the truth of nearly any given situation than everyone else.  But I've spent the last HALF of my life at least thinking "okay no dude... you are NOT that special... everyone thinks the same you're not some crazy genius or anything just calm down."  Yet FUCK!  Clearly I actually AM this crazy god damn genius since there's apparently nobody else that thinks the way I do.  I've spent so many of my later years just questioning more and more every god damn thing I thought I knew and just kept assuming I was probably wrong about tons of things.  But no... fuck no man.  I'm actually consistently wrong less and less over time BECAUSE of the unique way I think.  AKA I already KNEW I needed more confidence in my life.  But now I know for a fact that I have earned more confidence than nearly anyone I could ever meet in my life could possibly even come a billionth of the way close to.
Let's try this... Jesus Christ is God & U should give your life to him - REASONS: 1) He claimed to be God. 2) 500 people witnessed his resurrection from the dead. 3) Extra biblical sources mention his resurrection 4) His enemies admitted his tomb was empty. 5) 5800 Greek manuscripts of the New Testament demonstrate they have not been tampered with. 6) His disciples died for their belief in his resurrection. 7) His coming fulfilled Old Testament prophecies.
Welp, respected Micheal a lot for his videos, but working with bill gates just tells me you’re bought off and sold like every other deepstate tentacle. Very disappointed.
At 27:01 he talks about having a group of people and that makes so much sense. Like, in America, the only governing body that consists of one person making the final decisions is the executive branch - The president. Why is that the only one person branch?
Way out in the water, see it swimming
Vittu mä rakastan tätä jätkää
What if Mary is a widow?
Walter white of physics
amazing video. the amount one person can do in a day now is incredible. big network of knowledge. "homolaptopicus"
So the brain is just a scapegoat to the human that was, is, will, wasn't, isn't, and will not be but the mind is but a self fulfilling relationship not just within ourselves but of external origin that both is and is not our brain?
What an obvious shill
I have to limit my intake of vsauce to avoid being mindfucked
The great filter is limits of the universe. Our science will not grow much beyond a point. May be
That is THE Quality of content, the best media has to offer. Thank you Michael!
Wow. Used to watch this channel like a decade ago. Can’t believe this guy is still out here killing it. Love it!
watched the whole video, and every bit of a second was just phenomenal. Michael, thanks for making such thoughtful videos. I appreciate your work
I warned the past~ [jumped] Now one's horizontal future• displayed the event; prior to the [Whorizon]• [now who's rising• a fee to• Phoenix• to square the garden• as Madison• and Maddy's son will take the fall• Conclusion• 》○》○|《
Way out in the water See it swimming  Hope someone gets it
MICHAEL THIS IS YOU FROM THE FUTURE  YOU DO NEED TO LEARN HOW TO VULCANIZE RUBBER
Explain to me why watching him at 7pm is so creepy
This is first video of Vsauce that I watched and I am very happy that I found his channel.
A lot of this is only because most people are selfish liars.
Legendary video...
Petition for Micheal to become the president of the world
It's interesting that the we talk about "the wisdom of crowds" when I'm reading my Thucydides History of Peloponnesian War and he chides "as is the way with crowds" in 2.65
Ew! Climate alarmism 😤  This must be why I unsubscribed.
For Shane Michael you should definitely be vulcanizing your own rubber
00:21 I know that a good magician never reveals how they did the trick but I would love to see an editing breakdown on for that edit 🪄
Aesop rock - one of four
amazing as always!
the questions giving me headache so early in the morning
My favorite video
How the mighty have fallen
Where is my Summer Curiousity Box? My order is 87311 partially fulfilled. You sent bonus box but not the Summer Box. are you a legit business?
Globalist propaganda.   :(
We def have been visited by outside life. No doubt in my mind.  I have seen it with my own eyes. Along with millions of other humans on this planet
Your made for shroooms man
So this is the "reason" everyone is so stupid. Reasoning evolved so smooth brains could socialize for survival purposes. Great.
this video is finding reasons after acknowledging facts..... Human being moment
You’ve given me some hope that we will not go extinct as a species due to global climate catastrophe/other existential threats. Thank you
What if i paid someone to remember my stuff that would make him my human harddisk right?
All hail the Hive. All hail the Hive. All hail the Hive.
how the hell did that book appear? Yourfe a magician!
i didn't understand a single word that is coming out of this man's mouth but u freaking love it
0:04 wayyy out in the water, see it swimming
Just as I do things for them things he does for us messes with our mind on the internet
anyone notice that his watch was on and off several times?
Please please keep doing this , your one of the very  few things giving me hope for humanity
This changed my thinking forever
14:12 you're literally describing how I function. maybe dont speak so loudly of what you dont know.
It’s all only categorised by the thing that figured it all out and started labelling it all .. we just some how understand and go along with it… strange
You’re like if Lex Fridman and Quintin Tarantino had a baby
You lost me at "Partnered with Bill Gates".  SHOW GONE WOKE.
Michael Stevens…I loved you..I’m so sad that you are willing to…or maybe have bought into Bill Gates’ model of the human future. It isn’t a future where kids like me can freely learn to love science..
Why go through the trouble. The companies with a product can harm whole ecosystems in other countries, showing the level of care these countries have. But is the world yours or theirs? l think we know these people have no reason, but they imply the have reason, and because of the subconscious values we have for reason, we test them in this stupid way. And low and behold they have no reason. So not only can reason not keep up, but it is being eroded by whole groups of people through pompous attitudes
0:05 found it in a weird time in my life *reference*
Ooooohhhhhh, so that's what BG was doing on JE's island
“Watch Now, become enlightened today”
When Michael said "we would all be better off if everyone was just more rational right ?" I thought absolutely, Michael is one hundred percent correct, I wish it could be a reality though 😂
1 🌎order
I reject the need to rely on others. I wish to extend my lifespan to eternity and learn how to do everything.
Super recognizers are fantastic at remembering faces :)  I always felt like I was really good at remembering faces. Some people are absolutely incredible and remember most faces instantly but if I have met you then I will recognize you later.
ily!
Bill Gates has the funds to sort all of this but he doesn’t
Where is my mind
Vsauce inspired my childhood with these amazing timeless masterpiece videos and they always excite me with anything they talk about
If I understand every video on this channel then I would be capable of what
Michael accidentally advocates for anarchism here lol
Hey just a random viewer saying that i really preferred this video. It felt more mature and still maintained all of the amusing traits that I like about Vsauce
14:17 insert sheldon cooper
Thats the best video I have seen on YouTube
Billionaires are your friends :) and know everything
First rule of fight club is you do not talk about fight club.. Second rule of fight club is you do not talk about fight club..
That was beautiful
Just when I think I'm starting to understand something, Michael makes me question everything more and more.
I'm still confused on he logic puzzle. Either she IS or isn't married, but if you slot ISNT married into both options, then she could be a person who  ISNT married looking at a person who isn't maried
I for once feel acknowledged in a worldview, this is the first video of Vsauce I've watched and I feel like I'm home.
Time for some Taco Bell
You are like a Lawyer but for Reality
Ok. I had a bit of a moment....I was moving the browser window to a different screen around timestamp 10:30, and he gave a completely random answer to the riddle, which seemed to have nothing to do with Mary, Paul or Peter. I thought, ok, he's messing with us and making us use reasoning to figure out why he completely changed the subject. I'm sure he's going to point out his mind game any moment now.....as it turns out, I accidentally clicked the tracking bar while moving the video and skipped ahead to 16:55. The statement he made seamlessly blended with the previous thing he said. It wasn't classic Michael mind games, nor was I having a stroke. I simply had a lapse of intelligence.
Philosophy stundents crying screaming and throwing up
Not all people are this gullible. Some are compassionate, understanding, and can set aside their own reasoning. Whether it be because of their job or other commitment, or their own choice.
That scratch in the beginning is dope
A year later I watched the video again.  Just as enthralling.  Just as essential for our survival.
Dude literally made a podcast about reasoning
Michael, I loved you. You were my Top 1 internet person of all times. Now there is none. Seeing you sell out to f*****g Bill Gates makes me retch... Sad story all in all. It already smelt fishy when you did Mindfield and some known Actors have been seen acting on your show...... Good thing your content output dropped hard. Don't fill our ears with Bills "wisdom". F that guy and you too.
Nice watch also! I am a time measurement fanatic.
Open invitation for some Scotch and a cigar anytime good lad!
Every month a Ney York city will be built and more concrete installed in the last 2 decades than the US installed during the 20th century! This is not a product of reason but a product of ignorance! The accompanying rise in the quality of life from these is only for the few while the majority of the planet, whom have been exploited, are suffering in poverty!  But this quality of life for the few cannot e sustained and is due to collapse anytime now, leading to environmental crisis and wars!
I fuckin love Vsauce lol
that's a great video and all but it's hard to concentrate on what you're saying when you're this attractive like I'm not gay but damn
11:34 that's what an elephant in disguise would say
This is a great question to ask yourself: Why do I believe what I believe?
This is the culmination of everything I've been thinking, amazing video
This one is impressive.
But you, Michael, give grand slam reasons, all the time
The way he manages to spark that feeling of curiosity is magical!
The magicians face of, “this sh*t is too easy” 😂😂
Vsauce for president people?
Oh no, VSauce believes in the Climate Change Cult, very sad.
What song begins at 7:48 at the beginning of the “Reasoning” segment?
Why beat around the vush, practically no one is going back to the stone age by choice as you suggest, if it really needs to happen, it will occur as a natural phenomena.
Michael is a genius of communication, I guess that there's a staff that contribute to the script and editing and all that stuff, but the way that Michael explains such topics and ideas is amazingly good, every vsauce video feels like it's illegal to watch for free.
Bill gates is a dangerous narcistic psychopath you should stay far away from
20:50 Unfortunately, if the lone reasoner with a bad idea has enough money, he can control the selection of others to form the deliberating group, insulating his bad ideas from the wisdom of the crowd. Before you know it, this “genius” has prolonged a global pandemic by seriously hindering vaccinations, all because of his pathological affection for intellectual property rights.
Good video on fake news 👍
Future people will definitely not want to bring us back
The world if full of bias. The people who make up governments do not know how to think for everyone, thay all make over $100,000 a year. See what happens if you form a government full of people who earn under $10,000 a year.   The powerful  think differently and they have their own agendas.   This is one of the reasons the world is in such a mess.  I put this down to two main reasons, part of our natural instincts.   Our natural instincts were designed for a small wild world yet we are still compelled by them in a modern all consuming overpopulated world. The two most harmful of these are that of being competitive and that of being territorial. In the modern world it is time to put a cap on these actions and swap being competitive for sharing and to stop being so territorial and start being more welcoming.
I bet epstein tried some reasoning when the suicide crew showed up
Great video. Inspired me to make films.
Seeing this video again one year later. This must be one of the best video essays on YouTube and the Internet. If there were awards for video essays, this would be one of the best in the genre's history. Thanks, Vsauce, for expanding our minds with such valuable content!
I’m on the spectrum, I used to have to work out such things as reading a persons body language.
My brain is happy after watching this
And as always, thanks for            uploading
Fyi the use of Micheal is awesome at 31:01 is actually a fallacy called the affirming the consequent. Similiar to another fallacy used before where Paul is married which I'll let u guys reply.  Nonetheless, Micheal is awesome for making a topic on reason and seemlessly helping us to explore fallacies.
sight...ok im in, when do i start
1:10 props to those who know how to vulcanize rubber
Mikey: “Where is your mind?”  Me: “uhhhhh I am a fagment of your imagination”
I stopped watching when he said he works in partnership with Bill Gates...
sorry, not going to happen.
This is one of the best videos ever uploaded to youtube. thank you
Plot here
No lol
WAW...AMAZING SMART PRESENTATION :) I ENJOYED MUCH WATCHING AND LEARNING :) THANK YOU FOR SHARING :)  THANK YOU FROM ISRAEL :)
I loved this video! Many of the things you said coincide with what I personally think and have been wondering about for years. Maybe I love it so much because of confirmation bias? ; D  But on a serious note, I adore vsauce videos! Every now and then I need some brain food and then I just binge them and I feel like a lot of them just stay with me. Thank you!
Michael has anyone ever said that you are boring? #Rhitorical
What you say and what Arietoteles said about democracy and how it should choose random people to delivarate about the country's issues couldn't work right now because of the media, most of us are convinced about things by few people with lots of money telling us what we should think
Michael would break every awsome-ometer of the world
10:54 Is not true.  The correct answer is not enough information to decide.  The states of being married or unmarried are not necessarily the only options.  Think of it like you're a perfectly reasoning computer that doesn't make assumptions.
If the iPhones and notepads, etc., disappear, the brain that created the data in them still exists;  but if the brain disappears then the mind is no more. So there’s that.
Here's my "reasoning" of the result of that magician experiment:  (1) People were forced to make a binary choice. It might have been that they wanted to work with neither, or both.  (2) The experiment was more akin to "finding excuse" than finding reason, when almost zero information apart from a photo was available.  (3) These people might have considered both pros and cons for selecting each photo. You asked for the pros, then they would give you only the pros.
Yeah. That great filter is life existing in the first place. People mistakingly take it as given that any moist rock will inevitable lead to life forming on it, first as singlecelled bacteria and then more advanced organisms. But just the whole process of atoms and molecules coming together to form somekind of machine that is somehow able to replicate seems ridiculously unlikely. So unlikely in fact, that I don't think life exists anywhere else in the whole observable universe, let alone our own galaxy.
"..and we need to emit zero" That's the dumbest thing he's ever said,
14:12 Autistic people: 😐
Michael on some lefty shit and I'm do down with it
I should be in school
It is possible to have Chinese subtitles? I really love this video but my English skills are limited and I’m not able to understand all this video says…
I'm convinced that Michael has knows everything. He has all the knowledge in the universe, discovered and undiscoverd.
This is brilliant. I love it.
I don’t think I have a mind.
9:34 are we though? I mean, we only know what we know, not what other species know. So how can we know that no other species has a sophisticated grasp of reasoning? And I’m not so sure we have such a great grasp of it either.
Can we all just appreciate that this is only one shot with no cuts
I now have good REASONS to like debating with others
I still remember the day when this was uploaded and I was really stoned, one of his best uploads imo
Alexa play where is my mind by pixies
Wow. This is an incredible monologue. This should be required content to graduate high school. Also, schools all need to teach reasoning and philosophy starting in elementary school. How many schools below college level even offer a philosophy class??
Lottocracy! Great idea!
How did I know Bill Gates was involved
A lottocracy may be better than a single representative democracy, however due to many draw-backs it is not the ideal solution. Candidates would still be vulnerable to lobbying and collusion if their identities are leaked after selection. Some other inferences may also suggest problems with the length of their term in office. If the term is too short their ability to learn the ins and outs of their responsibilities and make any significant changes will be diminished, and if their term is too long they become more vulnerable to the risks stated above, plus longer terms means less candidates working on any one solution, thus tapering the gradient of benefit that comes from a larger group of minds.  There is merit to the RNG model of governing, but it would need to work in tandem with other models to be an effective system, imo
I love how you hold out on Turquoise until the very end, goes very well with your conclusion and gives a sense of finality. This was one of my favorites and I love coming back to it!
26 minutes in is good
This is the only channel that you cannot find a bad comment about the content
History isn’t the great teacher under my perspective, is the technique the teacher/professor uses.
Have you seen the Laurel and Hardy version of utopia
Cool Video, I like the idea of ''National Deliberation Days'' and I hope the concept of Deliberative Democracy becomes widespread in the future around the World. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Deliberative_democracy
me an autistic: oh yeah i definietly didnt anayalyze the person to decide they seem upset nope nope not atl  ll (I totally did and would)
10:27 my answer was yes because paul is looking at mary who is looking at peter and so probably unintentionally paul is looking at peter
14:20 as a human being with autism i am disproof of this. I HAVE to make a conscious effort to understand body language because sadly I am (for the most part, some things have become easier) unable to understand non-forward vocal cues.
cool video inshallah
I feel like if I loose focus for just 5 seconds he starts talking about splitting molecules.
On proud of myself because I thought of a lot of this myself
Michael's reasoning needs reasoning to arrive to Michael
why do you have to involve politics? Its everywhere else I didn't come here to hear about people being elected. I'm sick of everyone always using their platform to push their ideology. It may suprise some to hear I actually do agree about involving the people in decision.
Lay beesauce jickle tear Today we look into the pish in da bowling ball
Partnership with Bill Gates? Ok, bye bye!
You make the most valuable content out there, thank you for your reason.
Cartesian Dualism is nonsense. Mind, as people like to duplicitously try and attribute to some kind of mythical phenomenon, is simply a consequence of the brain/nervous system, consciousness and sentience. If you have to look up Cartesian Dualism or the word sentience then it disqualifies you from having a credible opinion.
Damn, the Mary-Paul-Peter-puzzle got me good.
I've been bouncing between all your old and new videos, it's astonishing how you keep up the same wonderful quality after so long.
The Best video I've ever seen! Legendary! Almost felt like a trip.
Saying that elephant’s already awesome is an  An opinion
Did anyone else pay attention to the background music or am I the only one?
Just wanted to say before i even watch the video, I love your content and ive been watching you for years now. I remember stumbling across your channel when i saw the this is not yellow and what color is a mirror videos and i was immediately hooked. Ive been watching since then and watched through almost all of your mind field videos. Every video you make is always entertaining and i love to share them with friends.  I especially loved your video on 'How to count past infinity'. I watched that video atleast 3 times to wrap my head around it fully
why am i JUST learning about this Great Channel
Thumbs down for Bill Gates
is solving a hyperobject a hypertask
it's weird how your table bobs down a bit when you press on it, what is that like an unsupported plank of wood or something
I wish Mike uploaded at least once a day . Miss these videos so much
thank you bill gates for sponsoring this message
My manz just told me I see in 2D and I'm guessing the depth. I don't wanna hear that again that's gonna be stuck in my head
Oh I forgot how terrible this video was. Fortumately the other videos are almost all pretty awsome.
It's pretty hard to deliberate pressing issues, ideas, or use reason in a real way,  When certain people running the show get to decide on what's even allowed to be talked about to begin with.
Love the idea of a lottoccrocy
David hume said that reason is not the method by wich the mind reaches conclusions, but the method by wich the mind defends convictions already reached
why's that greenwashing exploitative corpo-boss involved in every youtube video talking about climate change, etc.
This guy is like my 8th grade science teacher
Wow
Every person on earth should see this, and be able to relay the message clearly. It is very similar to the psychology of thinking, and to me most of our modern problems would be drastically reduced
If something doesn't change we will just be the end.
I find it interesting that the people who want a colony on Mars reason that someone other than themselves should go first. Whoever goes before the area is terraformed will live a miserable life, but in the long run it will be good for humanity to have a planet B. Everyone wants someone else to make this sacrifice so that they can have a planet B without having to sacrifice themselves.
Check out Defenders of Humans and the Natural World on YouTube.. a lone reasoner with rational arguments backed up by facts, statistics, peer-reviewed science and expert opinions, that desperately need to be heard by the crowd!
So many but's, my brain hurts...but, also feels good, but doesn't completely understand the complexity of this video, but wants  to watch it again; so it can better evaluate all the different conceptualized "but's", but would I really gather anymore information if it's all the same but's?
I disagree
5:21 Money makes the world go round.
"I don't need to learn how to fix a car, and practice medicine, and vulcanize rubber..."  My dude has obviously never played a survival style videogame.
This guy should study Jehovah witnesses. He might be surprise about the outcome.
Watching this in 2022 when we have had three terrible years of severe climate disasters including severe drought and wildfires occurring across Europe, only now the world seems to be acting but too late. The video before I watched this one was about Greek Philosophy and if people could act without consequences would they act justly or corruptly, and the two together really explain a lot.
I'm Loaded with thoughts.
Wouldn't it be an awsomemeter
What if Mary is not a person, but a dog
It's clear you have not given your proposal much rational thought. Wow. Adjudication by select individuals IS the problem. Random people doing it instead of elected (or otherwise) representation is not a real solution.
Off topic, but I believe at 1:28 that mall is Festival Walk in Hong Kong, my home city :)
This is the greatest piece of content I have ever consumed
Goosebumps
as soon as he asked the question ... my mind went to ...  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=N3oCS85HvpY
https://youtube.com/watch?v=Guk3vS6V5Xk&feature=share
Hey, Vsauce! Maxwell here!  Just wanted to say an enormous Thank You to Mr Michael Stevens for producing such high-quality content. Vsauce has recently become one of my favorite YouTube channels and I always look forward to more exceptional content from Michael.  This video in particular had a huge impact on me. So thought-provoking... ... ...
i am partially sad that i am not a Native Speaker and i like Michael videos when he talks in simpler words or in maths language and i wish i could have fun understanding his Philosphical videos.
Hands down one of thé best vsauce videos
Michael is such a gigachad a sentence said he was awesome and he basically replied back "well, yes, but actually no"
bill gates. im out. downthumb. see ya on the next one..
I think the practical solution to move towards the future is empathy because it's something humans understand better than reason. There doesnt really need to be a difference between empathy and reason. BUT in general people understand reason as cold, logical facts (quantitative), while empathy deals with the qualitative side of life which we can actually understand and feel connected to. This is why the only way to move forward is to change the way we currently identify from 'as separate' to together. Separate from other humans, separate from other life on this planet, etc. The obvious truth is that although we have our own bodies and differences, we spend every single moment existing/interacting within a larger ecosystem. This is what Vsauce discusses when he mentions our minds being outside of ourselves. The implication of what this means is that it is actually EXTREMELY beneficial and in our own SELFISH interest to actually take care of everything around us that we can. To be honest, I think everyone already understands this, but we still choose to turn a blind eye. Why? Because were humans and we only go so far until we're tired or dont care (were insanely good at sweeping under the carpet). How to fix? Change the way we see ourselves and the world around us. Change the way we communicate to each other and the world around us. Try our best to use our own life situation/perspective, skills, and interests to increase the health of the ecosystems/communities we are a part of. Do our best to cut out excess from our lives and each others lives. Just imagine how sad it would be if humanity actually did manage to put and end to all life on earth. We came from "nothing," we can always go back towards it.
This kinda ignores the fact that most people just blindly follow authority figures and the media. A lottocracy probably would've worked great in the past before printed works, television, and the internet. But now pretty much what everyone thinks is dictated by a small group of rich people. So even if we put such people in power, they'd just do the same things anyway.
I wonder if he memorises the script or if it’s improvised or if he reads it. But whatever it is he’s good...
where is Here?
Billy gates? why would you associate with that evil murderer?
Bill gates.... The guy buying and controlling all the farms.. first trusting billionaires is a big big mistake that has led us to where we are today  people trusted dupont who makes the non sticky pans look at what thos billionaires did with trust look at johnson and johnson look at all the uterus cancer they gave with that powder and there is so much evidence to distrust any and all billionaires bill gates is a horrible person and u should not trust him let alone partner with his corporations 🤮🤮🤮
And within seconds… 😊😊😊
I think a lottocracy + actual experts on the matter could work as a government
My brain came to the conclusion, that this video needs more structure ...
Really disappointing that you'd do propaganda for Gates. Climate change won't be lessened under Capitalism, it can only be exacerbated. Gates seeks to use his disproportionate philanthropy to cover up the extreme harm him and other billionairs cause.
Honestly one of the best videos on youtube 10/10 keep it up micheal
10:09 Logic Puzzle
Vsauce 4 president
Great video! First thing I watched for my Philosophy class and I can see why.
22:20 But what if we ask Mr bean counter? Would the average on uninformed people be better than the decision of someone who has that as a job? Plus, guessing a number by asking 1 professional is way cheaper and efficient than asking a crowd. So the crowd better leave some decisions to the people who has specialized in them, and let the division of labor do its thing. But the crowd should also be responsible for holding a system of values that results in a scenario where the one who gets the job, is the one best suited and qualified for it.  This whole video may mislead people to think that the solution comes from some kind of central authority or collective system opposed to the free market. But in reality the free market is the most efficient "collective thought" machine ever conceived
Does anyone else feel let down that he partnered with Bill Gates?
https://youtube.com/shorts/2C_XrwDtRkA?feature=share
Could you do a video on if "our existence is a coincidence" not religious but the chances and luck and stuff of us being here and so on
I've never in my life been so quickly convinced that the American government should change (and yes I know this doesn't just apply to America)
Mgs2 basically did this video a decade ago with one of its final scenes.
Halfway through I was wondering if he'd mention something like the following (I wanted to make it vague but I'll use an example instead):  If we know (and agree) that using plastics is bad for the environment, but won't stop using them just because not everyone else is doing it. What drives us to make that choice?
I quit at Bill Gates... sorry. He's the problem, not the solution
The first minute of this video already blew my mind.
I just realised that Michael is not just a "scienence content creator" - but also a really good actor
Mary can be a dog!
Amazing video as always but I'm not sure that we will get to be the ancients unless we really takle climate change
🤣😂🤣😂🤣😂😅🤘
I see confirmation bias as an extension of the sunken cost fallacy. If you think about it, we mostly use the knowledge we already deem to be true to determine whether new information is credible or not: if it contradicts most of what I already believe, it must be false, otherwise, I have spent a lot of time reasoning just to arrive at wrong conclusions AND I would have to reevaluate all those contradictory things, which would also take much time and resources. If I lived until this point holding those believes, they can't be that bad since I survived just fine and, besides, I spent so much time and energy on this that I much rather double down on it. Either that or the reasoning would have being a waste of precious resources. Thus, I think those biases are deeply related and can be explained by the way we comprehend resource management.
Vsauce is right-wing
This makes a lot of sense
I lack empathy the military doesvthat to you. Sadly i feel nothing
We can have Ayn Randian capitalism, or we can continue to exist. It's time to choose.
Called it. I knew someone was paying him to talk about this
This Michael needs to meet 2022
15:01 HEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I just feel like at the end of it all, it's all just subjective. You have reasons and I have reasons, but we like our own reasons more than the other person's. If your way of thinking doesn't make sense to me, I'm never gonna come over to that side. Your reasons might make sense to you, but not to me.  So we get a big group together then. More minds. More discussions. And the more people the more likely someone says something thought provoking. But if the majority of the group is just giving reasons I've already heard and don't accept, does that mean I'm a line reasoner and that by talking with the group that I've seen the light?  I feel like all it really means is that we gathered a group, and from this sample size it tended to lean one way rather than another. All we proved is that these 10-20-60 people lean more towards "x" idea. Even if we took the whole nation and 70% were on the other side, does that mean I was wrong? Or can it be chalked up to the voices of the few, the media, that have swayed the minds of the many. How is any of this true indicators for what's right.  It's all just subjective. If we could find objective truths we would've by now. I have no more energy left to try to convince someone of reason because I understand that their ideas are based off of reason as well. They just like their reason more than my reason.
how does he still have hair
all your videos make me feel so hopeful and wondrous about the world again. thank you for sharing your thoughts with us💛
Michael, have you ever played a game, in which you afflict knowledge onto people, only for them to have a confused expression on their face. How long can you talk for whilst they hold that expression? Could the wind blow and give them a permanent look of confusion FOREVER?...
Funny Bill Gates creates a problem, and then sells you a book of solutions 😂
This hits different in 2022 when climate consequences could be felt literally all over the world. Directly.
This is possibly a greater philosophical work than anything written by the likes of zizek, plato, or aristotle.  The implications of the questions that are asked and the thoughts Michael provokes are so moving. To believe yourself not as just an individual but as a part of a larger organism like a cell is part of you. These thoughts shed so much light on the human nature in ways i could have never imagined. I earnestly believe michael may go down as one of the greatest philosophers ever known.
And as always... Awesome
ok, so now Michael are working together with Bill Gates... Very sad to see.
I love how he ended the video with THAT SONG
😀😀😀
Bring videos back, these small clips are obnoxious. Compile for a final product, I am cool with a half hour. Same with Vsauce2.
Thank you Michael. Just knowing someone else examines this world in an non cynical way is great. Makes things surmountable instead of debilitating. Been having a rough time with this new norm.You remind me we can change with thought and discussion. so good.
If we hadn’t freed on animals and rather focused on plants 10,000 year’s ago, I’m sure that we’d had huge population of animal higher than we got Nowadays
3:45 Uncertainty 4:50 Growing at the Speed of Reason 5:35 “What if reasoning wasn’t built for what we’ve become?” 6:53 Future Impact lessens tension of present concern 7:45 We make inferences 8:30 Reasoning stems from measurement and experiment 🧪 🔬  9:30 Why don’t we all agree on everything? The world is not a logic puzzle.  10:13 Yea 11:14 Logical Validity from Untrue Premises 12:04 STICK TO THE FACTS 12:37 Bias  15:09 Love of Puzzles 15:41 Function Sells Products 16:20 Reasoning evolved to help us be Social Animals. 17:32 ABC Burgers 🍔  Reasoning starts weak Strengthens as it is pushed upon  19:30 Confirmation Bias 20:47 Lone Reasoner vs The Crowd 25:06 Why Lead when you could Follow? 25:39 National Deliberation Day 27:50 The Great Mind of Everyone and Everything  29:20 History is the great teacher
if reasoning is so great. why isn't there reasoning 2? checkmate smartasses
This is strikingly similar to dialectics.
the bit about the lottocracy sounds heavenly. if only. :(
But you could be an elephant in todays climate
I love you michael
made me remember "The Ruler Of The Universe" by Douglas Adams
"I am not an elephant"  So wise so true
bro is insane, I thought about this once
This is now my favorite video
Am I the only one who finds it ironic that Gates, who gave us the over-bloated, incapable-of-innovation Microsoft, is telling us about the wisdom of crowds. For my next novel, I'll have to crowd-source. I can't trust my own reasoning. Remember that old saw :  a camel is a horse designed by a committee.
Doesn't Lottocracy indirectly positively impact the communities that recieve less funding for education...?
paused at 0:03, went off and did something, unpaused, good.
Championing Bill Gates and Climate Emergency, when there consequences of measures promoted by these ideologies have influenced millions to go hungry, countries to collapse, and global unrest. Sacrificing today's poor for tomorrows hypothetical poor.
Great message but the sponsor behind it(Bill gates) is the problem
Have you seen a jury selection process?
The greatest lie humans ever told themselves was that they were any different from all the other animals. We have millions of years worth of genetic code built into our brains that make us act in ways we can't explain, but were probably real useful for our ancient ancestors. Fearing and hating the "Other" was pretty good when you lived in a small tribe of people that all relied on each other and were in competition with every other small tribe nearby.  Do whatever you gotta do, or whatever you think will benefit you, and your brain will generate some reason why it's totally justified and you're still good and fair. Did you take more than your fair share of something? Well you needed it more! You worked harder than the others, you earned it. They're being unfair, they're wrong.  We might be inherently social creatures that need other people, but we only became social creatures because it's an advantage that increases our chance of survival, it's pure pragmatism and cold, ruthless, cynical calculations that we tricked ourselves in thinking was something else because empathy and compassion made us better at keeping useful people around and useful.   So when you see people doing clearly selfish and evil things, purely for their own benefit, and somehow claiming and genuinely believing that they're in the right, remember that that's basically how we're designed to be. Be amazed that we have done so much good, purely because it was good to do, even when we wouldn't gain anything for our efforts. The truth is, we're really not good at being good, and we struggle to even understand what 'good' is and how we can do good because our best tool for the job is the same one that makes it so hard.  I hope that any aliens either experience the same thing, or are extremely understanding, otherwise it's gunna be real embarrassing to try and explain all of this.
Leadership Skills 101: 11:53
Throwing a rock is interesting, because it requires understanding of "cause and effect." Cause: me throwing a rock. Effect: predator goes running. A lot of animals don't have that grasp of cause and effect and I think it's one of the most human things. Sometimes it's broken, though, and people choose wrong causes and effects (like superstition)
Aren't falacies part of logic tho?
Wouldn't lottocracy be much easier to influence?
Sounds good. But since politicians and billionaires already hold the power it will NEVER EVER FUCKING EVER happen. They won't let it. Can you blame them? If someone gives you the keys to money and power you would damn sure use it in any way you can to ensure you keep it
I've never understood how someone can have 18 million subs but rarely upload
so Bethesda made our brains
https://youtube.com/channel/UCSTt5R4qmQcbdp4s8EeP_4Q
i love the mary married problem its one of those that destroys my self estime, the worst is that "bat costs x bat and ball costs y how much does ball cost" it just melts my brain alongside my sense of worth. 6 years studying math and physics, learning all i can about logic reasoning psycology epistimology philosophy... all that and i have the same reaction as a 12 year old "it has to be that ooooh i see i was wrong" and after enough time has passed my psychological immunity is gone i forgot and the cycke repeats itself
well we could mesure awsomeness until recently, there was one awsomometer... but i broke it trying to mesure my coc... eh sorry i mean my cognitive abilities
thank god bill gates' grubby money hands didnt turn this into another "of course we're fine, tech giants will save us in the end!"
"Morty, answer me this. Is evil real, and can you measure it"  "Uh..."  "Rhetorical question, the answer is 'yes' and you just have to be a genius."
If only the right wing took philosophy courses instead of dogmatically mistrusting academics.
so im autistic and i basically go through that entire process to realize that someone is upset
With your feet in the air and your head on the ground  Try this trick and spin it.
Michael is an Awesome Elephant
Thank you
I've been thinking alot about the fact that government is the only aspect of our society that has not assimilated to the Internet of things. What if we just disband our current politician's (who we are all very aware of the inert corruption involved) and replace them with actually representatives of the areas requiring representation.  In regards to the running of nations, each citizen is required to be involved in political decision making through their smart phone for an hour or 2 a week. This hour or two would replace and hour or 2 of there usually work fee and should be accommodated by their hourly rate. It would be, by nature, fully transparent and would elimate the need for slow beauracracy, no need for expensive politician's and increases the crowd mentality approach to its absolute maximum.
I like the sound of Lottocracy!
Vsauce u the man
i like this video. i like videos that make me feel simple and small. it's a friendly reminder that i'm just a cog in a machine, but in a good way??
There is one massive issue with the lottocratic scenario you propose; who chooses the experts that guide the decision makers? The people tasked with that job are essentially the ones making the decisions, they choose what information gets heard and what doesn't, they can essentially meld the minds of those random decision-makers to their desires. Corporations and special interests would just cozy up to these people, so the problems we experience in our current system would remain, just with a new coat of paint.
we need the awesome-ometer
Hive mind.
the end is the definition of anarchy not democracy in the best way possible
Can someone point me to the study/studies mentioned in 13:40? :)
I needed this video. I see the "sick burns" and "destructions" of various ideologies every day and it's o so transparent they are not interested in an actual debate or have their beliefs challenged in any way.  Thank you micheal.
Point on reason is correct. However lottocracy aka mob rule or tyranny of majority is a very bad idea. the randomly selected has no accountability. all agree to no tax . hurrah.
14:03 Aha! Little do you know Micheal, I have Autism, and I have to consciously think about how someones face, speech and body language is displayed to figure out what emotional state people are in. I can often be wrong. lol
Smj hi nhi aaya kya kya bol diya
I love the idea of a lottocracy, and Micheal explained it so perfectly. We know that the average of many peoples guesses and opinions more often than not lead to the most sensible conclusion. Just like the jelly bean guessing contest. But in our Democracy so many people just feel lost, feeling like they don’t matter or overwhelmed with all the politics involved. A Lottocracy would be like getting all of the positives from a direct democracy without most of it‘s drawbacks, such as having to process millions of individual opinions. It would be amazing to see more people discussing this subject.
Hi Vsauce, i hope this finds you but i was thinking in terms of reason is that why we have jury in court processes, to think about the reasons that a lawyer and a client have and together they will average the best solution and because of your last part it would be pointless to have to lawyers battleing it out in front of a judge? Thank you for that amazing video
Lottocracy is a great idea, so much better than what we have. I'm not even afraid to let the future of a country in random people's hands, it's random people so it'll smooth out just fine. Unlike now where people who collectively think the same force their decisions on everyone.
He's the Rickest Rick out there.
Like always good knowledge and content but boring. too much redundancy. could have been shorter.
It's been a year now since this video was released, and the political climate has not changed. Left loudly crying silencing anyone with different opinions like rabid dogs, and the right treating anyone who isnt them like commies that need to be shot. No ones going out and voicing their opinions in different groups, they're all just inside their stupid circle jerks reinforcing their corrupted beliefs and beating anyone who isnt them. America is messed up and its leaking into the rest of the west, make it stop...
Completing 4th time of watching this video Just better video than 100 books
To put it simple, i love you man. More of this and less of everything else.
I feel like the script from 11:14 was in the wrong order and the text added on screen as michael said it. I believe It had the same effect but was meant to be: Elephants are awesome Michael is awesome Michael is an elephant 🐘
Debate clubs used to be a thing... why don't we have them now?  I want to gather with dissimilar minded people and have a good argument with the goal of reaching an actionable conclusion.  Need to signpost the right room for the argument, though... I once found myself in abuse, which wasn't fun, but in all fairness to the guy, he was helpful and pointed me to the right place once the error was realised.
I wish more people could hear the whole thing
Oh yes the answer is wef. You will own nothing, and you will be happy. 😃
Vsauce can update this topic with the evolution of species from astrophysics perspective. Though he touched on it regarding interstallar intelligence and our current planetary critical point.   pre-stage one level  This is a defined system to catagorize evolution, pre-stage one because we have global communication, organizations and at that point where we can make or break it as a species. Listen to Machi Kaku describe the 6 stages of species intelligence and it puts our current age of reason on a level. Those who grew up on Vsauce might give hope to their current generation.
Aka why the founding fathers of America are no longer relevant
2022: The Future of Reasoning? I’m not reading all that. 2032: The Future of Reasoning? I’m not watching all that.
A lottocracy seems like an infinitely better way to run society. Democracy, as we know it, has given us all it can. We need something better.
i didn’t get it
Love everything leading up to the spectacular finale. As always: thank you 🙏🏼
Critical Thinking
Isn’t this how a jury works essentially? Take a bunch of people at random, educate them on the case and then have them deliberate on the verdict?
The lottocracy sounds cool but I really don’t have faith in the ability of the system to not at times randomly select only nutjobs for decisions that really would be better made by people who would be more willing to change their minds in the face of conflicting evidence
6.9 million views
So you just assumed classical logic?
Just gave a solo ovation. Just wow bro
there are no aliens cause' god didn't make them.
Anything Bill Gates. Uuuuuuuffffff
reasoning can't social ONLY as all lone reasoner are the only ones from which society is benfitted today Social  reasoning IS  defensive only to personal reasoning Micheal
I hope you and Bill Gates save the planet 🙏
Such a great video essay. Heuristics is an approach in which one uses some type of knowledge, facts, statistics, experience, etc., to help them solve a problem by focusing their efforts on what they think might be more likely to yield results. This is the opposite of the algorithmic approach were you simply take everything into account. The heuristic has the advantage of narrowing your focus on to more likely results.  In Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman, he provides examples on heuristics that demonstrate how we may use information to automatically make assumptions about the context of information given to us, rather than what statistics show as the result, and how our thinking may be wired to assume probable outcomes. This is something I liked reading on because it helped me understand why people make certain decisions and how those decisions may be incorrect according to statistical data analyses, leaving me to recognize that our thinking may not always be true in terms of assumption and fact based on our experiences and recognition that lead to those quick decisions.   I've appreciated Mr. Kahneman's work following his incredible contributions towards understanding human thought in the field of psychology. In Thinking Fast and Slow, Kahneman discusses the two-system approach to judgement and choice and offers insight on how these systems construct interpretation to our reality and cognitive processes. System 1 is an automatic interpretation with little to no sense of voluntary control, while system 2 often takes a bit longer to mentally analyze, often overruling the impulses and associations of System 1 by programming the normally automatic functions of attention and memory. Fast and slow. Very interesting.
Inference 18:00 Confirmation bias
tl;dr: “Doing your own research” is *NOT* enough.
The reasonable thing is to own nothing and be happy.
Man, you lost me at Bill Gates. Why would you work with someone like that. You really think this man is looking out for the better of humanity? You're next video will be about how eating bugs are good for the atmosphere.
wauw, feels like a sitdown i had with some great friends i had years past, could talk hours about the many branches this subject has
Ah.so this is why it cost my daughter $200 to fill her vehicle last week. Thats why we are told there are power shirtages. Thats why dutch farmers are being forced to reduce their farming by 30%.. reasoning ..to lower our stsndard of living for a narrative that has been formed to suit bill gatess sort of reasoning. i get it. Thanks  Short term consequences..apparently
michael's description of collective/collaborative reasoning sounds exactly like Fred Moten & Stefano Harney's idea of "study" !!!!!
What a video. Amazing
I like the idea of lot-based oligarchy however I would add an element of qualification where the individuals have required levels of intelligence, reasoning ability, lack of bias and criminal history.  They should also be well compensated for their participation to remove any financial inducements.  This would provide an incentive for individuals to become educated enough to qualify for the job.  For accountability a history of the success of the past decisions should be kept and those individuals with poor outcomes should be dropped from consideration.
Reasoning only works when intelligence is available. The problem is in a society where we have knowledge available at our finger tips we have become far less intelligent. Less intelligence means less reasoning.
question yourself first beofre others
They showed the Australian fires as If they were started by climate change when in reality they were started by ecoterrorists trying to cause alarm for climate change. So much for people reasoning for the greater good.
a lottocracy is interesting but i think that worked best in ancient times because of the limited amount of citizens and the fact that all citizens were pretty much farmers and had businesses of some sort- a craft. Having all this responsbility in one's personal life makes one much wiser. Nowadays, if a lottocracy were put in place, you might have councils which were comprised of nothing but teenagers who don't have a good grasp of economy.
"Reason and logic is bad for our society." If there is any statement can be made that defines you as no longer wanting to be a scientist... this would be it I think. Sorry VSauce. Reason and logic trump empathy when it comes to solving problems on any scale. Global or otherwise. If that means that some get left behind... so be it. Seems to be what the WEF, and Bill Gates by proxy, has been advocating for.
THE COLLECTIVE UNCONSCIOUS!   SHIT!!
Ah😩, there's no point in reasoning if you're just trying to be right. If you think you're right, be right and go sit down somewhere. Reasoning is for people who want 5he best out come for all conscerned
Bleh
Ikea chair
In your Paul, Mary, Peter example, a person (Mary) can't be married and unmarried at the same time, so if she's married, one of the top two statements is wrong; if she's unmarried, then still one of the top two statements is also wrong, so overall, the answer is "No".
I think empathy and selfishness are a bigger driver for decisions than reason. A selfish person could say "factually, the world is going to be ok even if we let it warm by 10 or more degrees. Many people will suffer, but I won't because I have enough money to combat the effects of climate change for myself." And an empathetic person could say "climate change is going to ruin many facets of life on earth and I'm going to try anything I can to lessen it's destruction." and both of them would be correct, you can try arguing to change their mind, you can try to force the selfish person to care about other people, and you could easily instill a sense of futility in the empathetic person, but the people with the most money and manipulative power get to decide the fate of everyone else on the planet. It doesn't mean they're right, it doesn't mean they're better at reasoning, it doesn't mean climate activists were stupid for wasting their time trying to save the people and animals who will die. Maybe selfishness is the reason.
Now in days if Michael identifies as an elephant 🐘then he is an elephant therefore 👌  😒😒😒😒wtf is going on today...smh😔😡😩
We are a frantic blurb of flesh and concrete, a techno-sapien. Powered by imaginations and passions. Made real by a hallowed faculty called, “reason”. This is some of the most poetically, scientific language I have ever heard. I’m here for it! 🙌🏻
I already know people come up with reasons to justify their vices. Eating meat is clearly not moral but we somehow come up with some bs reason to justify it.
A rather large amount of godless drivel sponsored by the human face of evil ..... Bill Gates .... lol .... this video is the exact result of fake media, lies, and the deception of this world.  Romans 1:22-25  22 Claiming to be wise, they became fools, 23 and exchanged the glory of the immortal God for images resembling mortal man and birds and animals and creeping things.  24 Therefore God gave them up in the lusts of their hearts to impurity, to the dishonoring of their bodies among themselves, 25 because they exchanged the truth about God for a lie and worshiped and served the creature rather than the Creator, who is blessed forever! Amen.
Ummmm Bill Gates? 😬 How can you not know what’s going on with him or the wef?
where are these guys these days......why no frequent uploads.....am I missing something......need more of this clear 'expli-cation'  <--------sounded better in my head, maybe!?! :)
ive never been able to reason with a single person my entire life.. people are unreasonable.. they just say this is what i want and thats the way its going to be and thats it.. doesnt matter if theres a good reason to do something different.. no reason will sway them.. they are unreasonable..
I have noticed a tendency to devalue the human sciences as quackery, but this is far from the truth.
People often come to spurious conclusions, which we act on too often and are unwilling to change/reconsider on a frequency that we should. Largely because we assign the wrong weights to all the variables available to us. Group think doesn't help either.
God, I love your videos so very much! Thank you, Michael! c:
I paused this for like 20 minutes, came back, and all I heard was “ABC burgers are really cheap!” This man is gold
how to avoid the great filter is simple - place the needs of others above yourself. this, of course, will never happen.
In retrospect, aren't we feeling a little bit stupid now?    The climate is the result of hundreds or thousands years of weather. Only the Sun and the wobbling of the Earth are of influence on the weather. People can't make the Sun shine harder or softer, people can't make it rain, or snow. There is nobody on Earth that can press the Control - Alt - Delete to hack the weather-bureau.    I am not going to name any names, but somebody invested a huge amount of money in pharmaceutical firms, and suddenly the turnover of those firms skyrocketed. Somebody invested in farmland and became the number one landowner in the U.S. suddenly the prices in the supermarket for agricultural products doubled.
We are in the last days fellows. The prophets have spoken of these days. You need the Holy Spirit to understand. Repent Jesus is on the throne, he is not coming as a savior this time, he is now coming as a judge. I know you see these kind of post all the time but really consider and imagine if this is true…. Like our whole life comes to an end and is now being on trial in the heavenly spaces. that’s it, it was true all along and I chased momentary pleasures all my life. Chasing the wind. Nothing will matter then.   We have historical record of King Solomon(King David’s son) as the most wealthy king/ person ever. Still ranks number one and it’s not even close. You think how did he achieve this but then you go on to find out God actually said he would make him the most wealthy man ever. But Solomon actually was blessed this because he desired wisdom over riches. So God gave him both abundantly. Now Solomon wrote a few books in the Bible and the book Ecclesiastes is what I want to draw attention to. I would challenge anyone that is serious about seeking after meaning in life right now to read this book with an open mind and read what this man king Solomon concluded at the end of his days, he mentions it in the last verse of chapter 12. I recommend reading it all through first. God bless. .
Your teachings have shaped an entire generation of people. Thanks Micheal :)
In fairness, only the pool to select jurors from is random.  Jury selection is a well documented process that lawyers and judges have clear laws, rules, guidelines and goals to abide by.
If you want to live a blessed happy life in this world and even happier after death, and find the answers for all your questions and reach the ultimate truth, then learn about Islam. Once you're convinced, become a Muslim. Worship the only one God who doesn't have a parent nor son, doesn't have a partner nor equal. He is the creator, the all merciful all gracious, the almighty the all hearing all seeing, the all knowing all wise. He controls everything. He is Allah.  Practice Islam according to the teachings of Quran and authentic Hadith. Quran is the last book that has Allah's words after the previous ones were changed such as Torah and Gospel. Not even a single verse in Quran was ever changed since 1400 years ago. Hadith is a collection of Prophet Muhammad's sayings, actions, approvals... etc.   following Muhammad means that you're following Jesus, Moses, Jacob, Ibrahim, Noah all the way to Adam may peace and blessings be upon all of them. All prophets came with the same message and belief, Islam. They all were Muslims.   Everything is being recorded, everything you say do... etc at every second and part of a second. Every good deed you do for the sake of Allah such as praying, helping others... gives you Hasanat in your records and it's multiplied by ten or 700 or more by Allah's mercy. And every bad deed gives Sayi'ah. It can be erased by asking Allah forgiveness and many other good deeds.   After we all die and the of judgement day comes, we will be all asked and held accountable for how we led our lives. The Hasanat and Sayi'at in our records are going to put on a scale. If sayi'at are more we fall in the hell fire due to our bad deeds and corruption of our hearts and souls. The worse the person the lower the level in it. If Hasanat are more then we are granted the paradise by the mercy of Allah. The better the person the higher the level granted. The lowest level of paradise is way better than all heavens and earth. Note that all billions of light years observed by scientists until now are not even the edge of the first heaven. And the first is not even a ring in a desert compared to the second. And so on the higher the bigger. The paradise has what no eye has seen, no ear has heard and no mind has ever imagined. It's more beyond.   Some of those who fall into the hell fire will be forgiven by Allah and enter by Allah's mercy into the paradise. However whoever enters the paradise will never get out.   Sorry to make long.   And Peace Be Upon Those Who Follow The Guidance.
Allah SWT said in the Quran:-  ظَهَرَ ٱلۡفَسَادُ فِی ٱلۡبَرِّ وَٱلۡبَحۡرِ بِمَا كَسَبَتۡ أَیۡدِی ٱلنَّاسِ لِیُذِیقَهُم بَعۡضَ ٱلَّذِی عَمِلُوا۟ لَعَلَّهُمۡ یَرۡجِعُونَ﴿ ٤١ ﴾  • Sahih International: Corruption has appeared throughout the land and sea by [reason of] what the hands of people have earned so He may let them taste part of [the consequence of] what they have done that perhaps they will return [to righteousness].  • Muhsin Khan and Taqi-ud-Din al-Hilali: Evil (sins and disobedience of Allah, etc.) has appeared on land and sea because of what the hands of men have earned (by oppression and evil deeds, etc.), that Allah may make them taste a part of that which they have done, in order that they may return (by repenting to Allah, and begging His Pardon).  Ar-Rum, Ayah 41
The best way to get an answer to a question on Stack Exchange.  1. Post your question. 2. Change accounts, and post the *wrong* answer. 3. Wait for people to correct you.  and relevant to this:  4. To fully understand the answer, argue that they're wrong.  😛
I can’t be the only on that waits for the drop of the Jazz music in these videos   That’s when I know I’m about to really learn something.
That vision of democracy you described seemed incredible   Having random people representing broad spectrum of thought be chosen to debate issues and what to do would be much better then what we have now.
How to tell if someone isn’t logical?  “Yassss sis”
Today I became a lottocracist
I would love to hear where corruption would fit into here.
Your whole channel is insanelo long ramblings with some type of basis from writings,authors and academics. But the fact this video in particular is so complicated when u try to paint some form of representative system shows why democracy doesn't work. I get that u didn't really talked about democracy but a random lottery of choice for given decisions...that said this never showed how the randomly chosen person would be protected from bribes,how the experts they supposed to be educated by would be bribed. ..kind of defeating the whole porpouse of the "common sence" aproach. Also if the person is supposed to be "educated" he is just a status quo puppet. like are u michael  just a bunch of shit ending in nothing but more state control. U work with the gates people and u talk about independance from the big interest? Hilarious
This reminds me of the book "The Watchman's Rattle: Thinking our way out of extinction"
Video pertains to everyone except conservatives
This is the video of greatest quality for some centuries
a Lottocracy would be a propaganda wonderland.
This is globalist, new world order type propaganda
Really coulda used this video to show the Supreme Court couple weeks ago
Michael will be always there.
idk how anybody could work with bill gates with a clear conscience. especially someone who has experienced ayahausca.
He conquered the lands of science, physics and everything else. All that is left is philosophy and logic!
A brief addition, "The Future of Reasoning" will require to replace the "Theory of Sets" and the dozen or so of associated corollaries, with something which works under ALL conditions, and is not limited by the incompleteness theorem.  Something that can handle infinites, and do not cause antinomies...
@10:30 Where is Peter looking?
He is gonna pull a Carl Jung on us i feel it.
brooooooooo
when the subjects were asked to provide reasons for choosing who'd they'd rather work with... even though they'd forgotten that they didn't choose some of those faces, it's likely they were providing reasons for why they'd work with these people based on their characteristics solely as individuals, and not in contrast to those who they rejected....
Lost me at 5:25. Sorry. Bill Gates is one of the most shady and untrustworthy people alive today. His philanthropy is a smoke screen for some really nevarious shit. I don't have to justify my thoughts on him. A simple search of openly available news articles of his sayings and dealings in the last 5 years alone says enough.
Best YouTube channel genz have ever gotten
loved that one
Working with Bill?...
Lottocracy.    I'm sold.  It forces each decision to be solved in a vacuum rather than be drawn up as a stage for a power battle of oligarchs (in which case the solutions or actions of the problem are secondary if not tertiary.)
Isn't that also what capitalism says? What the most people like and want is the best? Or am I not understanding it right? Of course it is meant for different problems but in capitalism the crowd decides, which videos are the best or is it not true because it is the algorithm actually?
seems like this is one of those areas where autistics differ a lot from allistics
The ending to these videos is like the ending to the greatest movie you’ve ever seen
I wish you didn't partner up with the "Gates" on anything... With that said, one disagreement that I have with a lottocracy is that not all common folks have the same intelligence level to make important decision. Jurors in the U.S. that are selected to judge someone are cherry picked to fit a specific scenario and almost always fit a "specific profile" to achieve the right verdict. I believe in order to "vote" on something you must hold a stake in it - unfortunately the so called democracy we have today pushes people to just vote for what benefits them "RIGHT NOW" since more often than not they hold no stake in the matters they're voting on. As much as it is tempting to think that common folks can make decisions for an entire country, I sincerely doubt that it would be an effective system given the spread of intelligence across citizens. There would need to be some baseline metrics before such a thing could be implemented. My issue with modern democracy is the fact that it tends to treat all voters as equally informed, when in fact a very small percentage of them are actually informed and the rest are just voting due to tribalism and or shallow personal gains.
One of the most philosophical questions.
The jelly been test just shows there’s idiots on both ends of the spectrum that cancel each other out mean while the quite majority that’s got a a basic intelligence are all picking closer to the truth
2:00 my boy really sampling slowed down death note thinking music
What if they didn't want to work with either person. Would it be nullified, would you adapt the experiment to fit your conclusion, or would you make them choose and force them to conform to your assertions? This has merit but there's problems with it and there are exceptions to it that you may have not found yet. I bet if you tested people based on the autistic spectrum you would find different answers.
I'm waiting for Bill Gates to release a tell all book about his visits to Jeffrey Epstein's Island.
12:05 This cant be, because there is an infinite number of facts, so deciding which minority of facts to attend to, a value laden decision,  has to be made.  And it has to be made all the way down at the level of perception, before its even possible to begin processing sensory information.  The effects of this implicit value system end up built right into the internal relality you inhabit
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book" Thanks for being honest with your corruption.
One of the best videos on the internet
I pawned it off years ago
government is never the solution
ALERT!  This video was made in partnership with Bill Gates. If you know anything about bill gates, then you know this is payed for propaganda. Shame on you VSause.  I though you were cool. Now I don't trust anything you say now. All hail Lord Gates!
The mind is in soul.
10:30 Mary: It's complicated
I’m mad I missed this video somehow but glad that I’ve now seen it thank u
really
Can u talk about how much radon was used back in the day. It was literally everywhere n radioactive ☢️
Michael cracked the code
Foolishness, you have no idea because you are stuck. People like you babble but your babbling from a constructed box. Step outside the box.
it is strange how simplistic the us democracy is. left and right. blue and red...there's got to be more to it than that. like Michael from v sauce said, the "leaders" just tell their base what they base wants to hear and it just goes on and on until nuclear war and nuclear winter which I think is going to happen in our near future due to our short-sighted and lazy take on democracy
Oh...you are wrong, Vsauce. I DO need to know how to do all of those things... I'm just lacking the time to learn them all.
Our species had become too strong. Too powerful, that reason can no longer keep up
Does v sauce have a podcast??
I'ma just get everyone drunk and we can argue about it then
PROPAGANDA
the jury is not random? the jury is interviewed and eliminated based on their bias. if a mother whose son was killed by police was summon to jury, she would not be added to the 12 on a case about police brutality.
Now i'm understand why Michael do this awesome videos. Bcs he want the future quantum people to revive him.
Thumbs down for Bill Gates and the climate nonsense book. Stick to science please
Lol I'm autistic so I notice facial expressions to infer if they are upset or not
Some people think that the upcoming answer to the problem of reasoning would be to have an artificial intelligence able to process all the facts, and come up with the best solution possible without the power bias involved. I am aware that kind of AI is not currently available, and that there would be some other power issues involved. I would love to know what are your thoughts on that.
Your videos give me anxiety in a really weird way idk why
14:15 that may or may not be the exact thought process that an autistic person goes through when determining what someone else may be feeling
All that humans produce will end our existence. Only an self made AI or Alien can keep us alive longer. Covid did prove greed and stupidness in the world, not that science can prevail.
I miss this show. I hope we get at least one this year.
The reason I watch vsauce is because unlike so many other forms of content, it makes me think. As opposed to making me numb to thinking. Being comfortable with the uncomfortable is an important part of life in my book, and this channel is almost the definition of being comfortable with the uncomfortable. (In other words) Just because you don't know/don't know of something doesn't make it inherently negative.
Uhhhh isn't India kind of angry with Bill Gates for what he did and how carelessly he did it?
Man I miss some fresh Vsauce content
"Mind, communication, networking, growth, complexity, consequences/responsibility, CO2, climate, RETHINKING of EVERYTHING, cooperation, values, consensus..." WOW!!! I interrupt HERE to share this comment.  What an INTRO, entertaining, serious, yet rigorous. Please, do not slide into ideological, cheap, wishful thinking solutions, just like those researching ESG (e.g. FTSE and MSCI ESG indexes, both offering Bible-like truths, have correlation of their scores equal to...ZERO!!!). I will reconnect in a moment hoping for a serious insights, not necessarily (God forbid!) complete answers but reasoning which meets the challenge and the quality of the intro. The topis (mind, reason, growth, climate, values...) is HUGE and it deserves a HUGE treatment. Can’t wait to see how you have managed…
The older he gets, the younger he becomes...
Who else saw this in their feed and immediately thought of the Georgia Guidestones? Right, tho? These people are so lost and ignorant that it's truly disgusting. Keep praying for them.
Knowing people like this guy exists gives me hope for humanity. So much of people these days think with their emotions and I have always wondered why reason fails to work nowadays. This is a great explanation. Politics is all just an optical illusion
more cities doesn't mean quality of life is growing tbh. citie appartments are small, noisy, dirty, full of crime and wayyy more expensive.
this is why we need philosophy
A very interesting and well reasoned video, unfortunately Michael, a lottocracy is not the future of reason, the future of reason need only be me, with total unchecked power, for my opinions are infallible, my knowledge complete and my reasoning sound
You lost me at bill gates
🧐 fascinating.
and yet it moves
Listening to vsauce is like doing crack while smoking weed while your on perks
"Way out in the water, see it swimmin"
Answer to the first question: your mind is your brain. Eventhough I might use digital or physical ways to record knowledge, without my brain, all of that would be worth about as much as a grain of rice.
I have ADHD and when you play music in the background it distracts me I can't concentrate on what you are talking about. please don't use music while you are talking. thanks.
Humanity is a Disappointment....
What background music did he use in this video?
And to think that the Ancient Egyptians threw away the brain . . . smh.
Very interesting
Michael  then: "Where are your fingers?" Michael now: "Where is your mind?"
Man you know its Michael from vsauce when he starts the show with a slowbuildup and then bam! At 5 min in, he hits you with that iconic mellow background music . This is when he's done playing with you and takes over your screentime. You're done. Its over for you. Ur lost in the vsauce.
Go trip and listen to Terence McKenna
Vsauce is a leftisttttt
My guy literally just invinted the Awsomomiter.
wait how the fuck is this a year old now
Thanks again
Damn I had left this video on my playlist for a year and just found out the short was filmed in Festival Walk(the mall’s name) Hong Kong at 1:28.
your asking to completely change the our government works, your insane Michael, theres no hope.
sorry michael but your sponsor is even higher on my  'eat' list now
From where you choose your music??
this helped me embody true leadership, thank you Michael. this helped me get to where i needed to be
Really liked the jelly bean example. It’s really neat. Likewise, choosing ppl at random seems viable as statisticians can probs figure out a sample that is representative of the larger population.   My only concern is any tampering that may not get certain populations/voices heard.
The one thing I don't see anyone mentioning here is:  This video, demonstrates the core reasons why censorship of any kind is and always will be, tyranny.  The next time you hear someone calling for a person/group/idea/ideology to be censored, point them to this video.  Yes, that includes the virtue signaling, woke cries for censorship!  @YouTube management: Are you listening? Are you going to be the portal for a democratic future, or are you going to be the tyrants that enforce censorship?
guess what.  chicken butt.
I like the idea of a democracy run by people who are selected at random through a lottery system. That would eradicate the corruption within the government. Instead of corrupt politicians running the country, it could you or me or your neighbour. Imagine a democracy run by the people, for the people... 🤔
SubhanAllah
mustard shortage coming in hot
Michael is upto something with the Gates. Just kidding, with your skills you can easily form a secret society.
"Wisdom of the crowd" isn't always a good thing. Mobs are easy to sway, and "reason" is often lost when there is a crowd behind you, pushing you and all of each other to act in a certain way.
12:15
"I elephant, therefore I awesome."
went to like the video, realized I already did the first time I watched it. Always love watching your stuff. One of the only channels I actually rewatch videos. I have a coworker that is very conservative and I have been avoiding conversation mostly since (as a progressive) I feel the conversation will only bring strife. I hope to use that bit at 25:12 to 26:09 for how i communicate with her.  Thank you for always showing me ways to process the world and understanding the realities of others.
Vsauce breaks into house: Vsauce: where is your money?
I need to sleep. And i get across this video.  I dont need sleep i need answers
The fact that this is a year old now is completely unexceptable
well i can tell you that reasoning is dying... when we cant distinguish between a man and a woman... something so simple to understand... we are loosing our reasoning.
nothing is real. eat your skin
Omg this is so educational    Or is it?
Stahp Michael, Stahp showing us the future that’s inevitably going to come. Stahp giving is a head start and more importantly, Stahp healing us with videos like these that force our egos to suspend for 30 minutes
Whaaaat? Michael sold his soul to the devil, Bill Gates? Damn that sucks 😭
idk if stuff like tiktok debates actually help this. all of them that i see, the host and those on their side just gang up and defend their stance. what is that doing
Well Michael, you did it. After so many years of resisting, you made a political commentary. Great job.
No. A lottocracy removes the individual responsibility of every person to have to choose to care. Lottery can only be put in place when everyone has already unanimously chosen to put it in place. And that IS responsibility.   But even then, a lottery might make us lose sight of the REASON why we care for others' wellbeing. There is no other solution than for every person to learn to reason as many reasons as possible.  You said the cognitive strain of reasoning for the other, pre-emptively, is too strong. But this may be why people disagree so often. We have to learn to strain more in favour of the other, and less in favour of ourselves. This is the responsibility that comes with the power of connection, through the Internet.  You cannot offload your responsibility. If someone else makes the choice, either a person or chance, you lose your place as an entity of reality.   Great stimulating video Michael!
Is this video secretly about dialectics?
While getting the comforts, we are making humans with no consciousness at all....
I CAN'T GET ENOUGH OF THIS GUY AND HE IS A JOY AND A PLEASURE TO WATCH AND LISTEN TO AND HIS CONTENT IS NEVER BORING OR MEDIOCRE ! ! !👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
A THOUSAND 'THANK YOU's MISTER VSAUSE FOR GIVING ME A REAL AND PROPER EDUCATION AND OPENING MY EYES TO SEE THE WORLD DIFFERENTLY ! ! !  YOU HAVE SHIFTED MY PARADIGM ! ! !👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
VSAUSE IS G-R-E-A-T AND I LOVE ALL OF HIS CONTENT ! ! !  BUT WHAT DOES THE 'V' IN 'VSAUCE' MEAN ? ? ?👍👍👍👍👍👍👍
I like this man.
So in my opinion nothing is better than a good juicy steak… but having bread is better than having nothing… so does that mean bread is better than steak???
I feel attacked that you compared my brain to tofu.
🔥
Fascinating!!
“Techno-salvation” lmfao
Hey v sauce. I used to love more animated video you used to make before the you tub red series. Like one whete you explained earths motion around sun. Can you please add some  animated content to your newer videos - it will help new people to latch on more easily.
This video alone is so rich and vast in meaning... So much to extract from it... The one I got, for example: There's no simple solution for complex problems... and that we are just naive when we think we are facing a simple problem.
Friend of bill gates okay bye.
And here I was thinking this video had the coolest thumbnail for "The future of seasoning"
To be honest, I don't know why I chose to play this video. I loved it, congratulations, Mike. But I also can't say for sure why I loved it or why am I writing this comment.
The future will learn from history is that we don't learn from history.
10:30 I feel stupid for getting it wrong. I said not enough information
Having an actionable conclusions (without strong reasoning) is probably more evolutionarily beneficial than having strong reasoning without actionable conclusions.
We live in a society right now that believes men can have mental cycles and give birth. There is no future for reason
This common reasoning certainly works for promoting the benefit of the all group but what if there are some members of the group that are too much stupid? For example by ethnic intellectual differences. Would it be a good idea to involve them in the decision making? Surely for the sake of them yes but for the efficiency of the very process of our evolution? Is it preferable to slow down human evolution to look after these disadvantaged people so make a fairer and less cruel evolution process?
Michael's 🤨 just hits different
There will be reasoning in the future? I thought it was pretty much gone already.
this could have been a great case for veganism... and i actually believe it kind of was
I know it’s been a while since I’ve listened to the vernacular and word choices of the legendary Michael from VSauce, cause I just caught myself saying Mike was spitting some Pokémon names just now.
That intro was so everything
Where is my mind? It's way out in the water. See it swimming?
"We will someday be the Ancients." President Shinra sweats profusely.
Yes.
You can't have intuition without having had some experience so there is some reasoning involved and even biases require some sort of reasoning
My mind is in the gutter
Vsauce president !
This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.”
Don't thank me(us) for watching, Thank you for all effort you and your team made to pass our point of view for different things to us. Thank you Michael David Stevens !
This has got to be the best Vsauce video Ive ever seen since I started watching 7 years ago. My jaw just dropped halfway through the video. The accuracy and obvious deep thinking fits perfectly in our modern times. Even though I have strong opinions on certain topics, Im always confused as to why Im never able to give reasons for it on the fly. Instead, I look for people who agree with those opinions and have a talent for explaining the reasoning behind them. And with our modern culture, we are expected to have an opinion on pretty much everything, and because we cant always explain why we have certain intuitions, we are drawn to people who have great rhetoric that can champion our views. I think this is whats creating this idolization of individuals that build strong, loyal communities around them.   All and all, Micheal have ignited interesting ideas concerning modern humans and the collective cognitive mind that is our society. Just fantastic, Im blown away.
Your facts and logic dont care about your feelings 😎
The social theory of reason makes sense of the Socratic elenctic method
Michael come back!
2:52 really heckin good explanation of climate change
this is why i like sonic the hedghog. he is fast an collect coin
why did u make this video
Vsauce, I love you
10:32 all the comrades who failed the logic test rally here
Me hearing Michael talk about the human collective conciousness makes me so happy he drank ayahuasca
So this is why we need grandslam reasons to know why we are weak to gravity- even though we are afraid of sharks and entertained by fools and scary deamons
The reason I am against lottocracy is if you just think about just how stupid the average person, then realize half of society is dumber than them... - George Carlin
if we were all reasonable we'd be termites or something
Long way to say don't get rid of the freedom of speech...
i would get lost in these videos for hours every night. i learned so much from the internet. i could learn what i wanted, how and when. i did bare minimum to graduate. but ive never stopped learning.
Assuming 100% accuracy of the claims made of climate change are true, how do we know that impoverished starving people is better than the progress we can make being wealthy and able to pay scientific research on the matter? Why do you think climate change is more Sahara desert than Amazon rainforest, and that we can actually get the "desired results" without destroying more than it would take to just adapt as we have since the last ice age?
Can we question your definition of reason again because I think that definition has changed since the change of the century? Have you seen reasoning skills these days?
this man is a poet
Opinions are what set us back from growth... but it is also that which keeps us humane and stops us from becoming logical machines, cold and unfeeling.
Thanks again
Oh.. I see.. The crowd is smarter than the individual. Poor Socrates, Jesus and other "individuals".
Vsauce, I always thoroughly enjoy all the deep thought video essays you've produced over the years. Keep up the amazing work!
This video is so biased, and wrong... He literally tries to justify his views with weak arguments lol. Self fulfilling perfect much?...
Vsauce getting extremely based with his direct democracy
In Belgium we have 6 parliaments... Being represented is very important...  I do believe it helps in making smart decisions...  The result is tons and tons of temporary solutions and compromises  which become permanent simply by the fact that: people accept the temporary solution, but don't like the idea of changing again/making a more one-sided choice (potentially in their disadvantage)  Very frustrating but it too becomes a habit... for most of us. There are always political groups who have radical ideas about reshaping the entire political structure of our country. Half of the political parties wouldn't exist in that newer system because the several differences in society allowed them to exist in the first place.  The differences bind us together in the most ironic ways possible.  I personally would like Belgium to stay whole. It's nice here. I see several problems in other countries that Belgium manages to solve by figuratively putting some flex-tape on it.  Ofcourse other countries have managed even better solutions: Germany, Japan, France, Australia even. I've seen them solve similar problems that our politicians refuse to think about.
An intellectual / communicative tour de force. I don't know how you deliver such passionate wisdom with a straight face.
gg
I’m gonna name my band ‘Awesomeometer’.
If reasoning is so good, where's reasoning 2?
I love how Michael had to learn magic for this video and make books materialize into his hands.
Watching this after taking a logic and reasoning course in college. Gotta love this stuff
‎
Ok but quantum cloning ??
Awesome Video +++++++++++++++++++++++++++++++ Great information. Great Presentation.
I think it’s way out in the water? See it swimming?
14:15 well, I actually do, but I'm ND so that doesn't count.
I keep coming back to this video. At minimum, a very honorable take on this hyperobject, explaining in a fluid manner all the different subjects and ideas at play, kudos to everyone involved in the writing.
Maybe that is the great filter, and unfortunately, i'm inclined to believe we are all doomed, at this point, the only things worth are either apathy or violence
Habaq paa
Michael is not an elephant
“Mind over matter”  Seems to becoming more like, “Mind within matter.” As time sets in.
Your discussions are really opening my imagination.  Thanks mane
1:20 so if we are all one then rich people and politicians are like cancer
is this political?
so basically what you are saying is you want that one bit from monty python and the holy grail
Well Vsauce Michael might not be an elephant, but there might be an elephant named Michael which is awesome.  So Michael is both awesome and not awesome at the same time. Michael could identify himself as an elephant which would be determined by perspective which makes him an elephant, but not an elephant making him awesome/not awesome and awesome/not awesome at the same time.
One of my favorites ..
I actually said it's all three answers in a funky way. If Mary is married, then the Q can be applied to Paul (married) and the answer can be no, it's also Yes because Mary would be looking at Peter (unmarried), but in reality we don't have enough information to decide. Assumptions can help fill the information gap :)
Sometimes I need other people to use there brain to remind me of things
17,000,000 subscribers and you don't have subtitles in Spanish?... This is a shame and a lack of respect.
hmmmm this no good. propaganda
13:00 this seems to be a test of memory, and not reason.   Asked to pick faces by photo of who you would prefer to work with based on no other information except their mug shot is meaningless. Because its completely arbitrary and devoid of REASONS to like someone to work with.   E.g. interpersonal behaviors, intelligence, abilities. Many people have a hard time remembering facing of co-workers from 5-10 years ago, people they worked with and had good times with, they remember possibly knowing them, but have to catch up. Remember that time? Etc. So, how can anyone remember that they didn't pick a photo of a face of a stranger that they were just recently exposed to? And remember that they rejected them? Its a memory and pattern recognition game.  I agree, MOST people are terrible at reason. But most people accept god or stories on FAITH. Faith is belief in something without any evidence. If there was any evidence whatsoever, it would not be Faith.  Now, reason is coming to conclusions based on evidence. If there is no Reason to believe in something, then its not reasonable to believe in it.   Therefore, Faith is the opposite of reason.   But the vast majority of people in planet earth today subscribe to some sort of faith as an absolute.   And therefore their brains are defective at reasoning, because they reject reason outright as a primary.
Michael, this is a good video but I find myself absolutely frustrated with the Peter, Paul, and Mary logic puzzle.  The answer is absolutely "Not enough information to decide".  You're not supposed to make assumptions when solving logic puzzles.  There is no indication that Mary in part 1 is the same Mary in part 2.  I'm just supposed to assume it is the same Mary.  A last name for instance, part 1 could be referring to Mary Smith and Part 2 could be Mary Jones.  Without additional information to indicate Mary from part 1 is the same Mary in part 2, the question can't be answered.  (It should be noted this is in no way any sort of complaint or criticism, just a different take on how to solve a problem.  All points in the in the video were taken as intended.)
There should have been a toaster in that big collection of items
Michael is an elephant.
Okay but elephants ARE awesome
awesome video but don't call me sherly
"Your brain helps you remember and plan and make judgements and solve problems."  My brain does none of these things.
Bill Gates is a horrible person. Great video, though.
Does everyone get what he is saying or popularity boosted up by Einstein effect? What if?
I like idea that a governament could be composed by all the people in it's country. This IS already in the democracy but the hive mind takes decisions too slow. Instead if all the laws and decisions would be revised regularly by direct vote from everyone who is 18 to 65 years old, it would solve a lot of problems. But that would not be enough. Debates and discussions would need to be made where everyone participates. And that is a monumental challenge. Elon Musk wants to do that with tweeter. But I'm afraid that just alowing free speech, getting rid of bots and open sourcing it's code, isn't enough to make tweeter an efficient "digital town square". But it's  a start
Everything is about balance
This has psychedelia all over it.
30 mins feel like 2 mins… astonishing quality, thank you ❤️
I saw this video when I came out but looking back now this video was very political. A lot of the concrete being used in the world is by China and their "belt and road" initiative which is taking advantage of low GDP countries and ruining the environment. Also a representative republic based on a constitution is better than risking some drug addict being randomly chosen or worse a Karen. We all have a voice and should use it. We don't need a lottery to make someone king for 4 years. This video scares me with its implications.
Lottocracy sounds cool!
4:32 "Always carries some uncertainty" *Ball Fondling"
“Hey vsauce Micheal here” will never get older
Bill Gates, huh?
5:26 casually collabs with bill gates
In the puzzle at 10:50 I've answered not enough information not because what Michael said, but because we don't know if the Paul in first sentence was the same Paul in third sentence, and same for Mary. So with that in mind, am I still wrong?
Option B is always right, i don't agree
Touting evolution as to how the human brain (or any other thing) was developed is asanine.  I love the "educated" love to pontificate via regurgitation. It just comes off a count hair pompous. Anyone who looks to further and idiotic agenda like the theory of evolution still to this date having no hard evidence. Lol which side is brainwashed the indoctrinated lunatics of institution or the belief in intelligent design.
We're not gonna pass the great filter
About a year year ago. I had a short period, of clairvoyance. During this time, I wrote and had a “rational” perspective. It only revolved around two things. Reason and Truth.   If we as people want positive changes. It comes down to the filter Vsauce talks about here. But the most difficult part of the equation is the third. Even more difficult “thing” to rationalize. And that’s, energy. We can all do good and use our rational and truth thoughts! But those are powered by energy.   You see, our good intents through very basic principles, can embark us to the next phase of human experience. But it requires the energy to do so.   Live, Life & Energize each other  Great video(s). You and your team put so much into these. So thank you!
What if you crawled up inside of bill gates and died...?
Hey michael, let bill gates know that the best way to "avoid a climate disaster" is by not having a gigantic short position against Tesla, you know,  the company doing the most to combat climate change. Thanks for passing on the message.
lottery? math is racist now. too bad
none of this matters because the Dems can just rig the next election
basically he's a liberal and will not call the left out on their false narratives.
what a load of crap.
The only reason I’m able to understand this video is my background in environmental science
I really enjoyed the discussion and it introduced me to several ideas I had not thought of myself to this point.  Definitely food for thought.
Shit, Vsauce sold out to Gates. Hope he wakes up to his own message
Ames window
You no whan Osho said: "Democracy is government by the people. But the people are re+arded." (I maybe paraphrasing a bit. And me too lazy to google it)
Recomended
1:47 CAP CAP CAP
God is real. Jesus is the Creator. Don’t worry about the climate, Jesus is sovereign over it and this earth is basically a disposable planet that He will destroy when He returns.
I don't care what other people say. I think you're an awesome elephant, Micheal.
Loved this video.  Some obvious pitfalls for this kind of deliberation could be lack of intellectual effort, inattention, insincerity, lack of ability to be adequately educated in important topics, lack of a shared backdrop of facts from which to deliberate, anti social values, cognitive biases that prevent full engagement, and more.  The group that guesses the number of gum balls in the jar isn’t at all accurate if the guess isn’t sincere…..because say, half the participants don’t think gum balls really exist and refuse to legitimately guess because they think the game is a conspiracy designed to send them home with a jar full of tiny poisonous balls, etc.
Micheal, you were very brave for coming out as NOT an elephant… your courage will inspire generations
Basically industrialization is an addiction
10:34 LET'S FUCKING GOOO I HAD THE VIDEO PAUSED FOR LIKE 10 MINUTES THONKING
This video contains so much information that i can't even watch this video 3-4 and remember anything above 30% of what he said in the video.
Our great filter will be technological. Can we get off this rock before the sun turns it into an uninhabitable planet.
Since humans are still evolving, isn't this a sign that we're meant to leave this planet?
I'm honoured to have the same office chair as Michael!!
I believe that Vsauce poses questions. So watch all of the Vsauce videos. Now, armed with these questions, go watch Veritasium. Veritasium provides answers. These channels are beautiful together. But, if you watch Veritasium first, and then, watch Vsauce you will find yourself watching Vsauce content with some bias. Acting as if you know the answers to questions you are being  presented with before you even consider the parameters that they are founded on. I guess I'm rambling at this point, but, I think there is definitely something to this symbiotic relationship between these two channels. I love them both
3:49 That's just a ridiculous statement and a result of disastrous utopian thinking that if followed could only lead to catastrophes, if anything the technology you are criticizing including fossil fuels have saved millions if not billions of lives every year since the 1920s, a simple graph detailing deaths from extreme weather and natural disasters shows a significant +90% drop in deaths from these weather phenomena between 1920 to 2000, with easier access to cooling and heating millions are saved from dying frozen in their homes or from a heat stroke like hundreds of thousands used to die to every heat wave in Europe and around the world in the early 1920s.  This mentality is the same Malthusian nonsense that falsely predicted we will run out of food and go extinct because of population growth at the start of the century, completely not taking into account the expansion of farmlands and technology developing better and more efficient farming tools and methods, the real danger is absolutist utopian thinking that makes ridiculous proclamations like wanting emissions to be zero which requires people to give up on cheap and accessible energy and is only going to lead to disasters and unimaginable and unnecessary loss of life.  Frankly Bill should stick with making operating systems and not pretend like he has any authority or knowledge of any kind when it comes to climate or medicine, it's absurd anyone is listening to him or giving him the light of day regarding these subjects, what a bad joke!!!
Probably my favorite video on youtube
Galactic
That just blew my mind and I don't even get what is it I watched
Holy moly, am i The only one that got directly on the phone with Harvard?, In order to get in contact with the most prestigious social psychologist! And try to reason to them to evaluate My Brain! Because this was profoundly personal and paradoxical to My purpose! OHH! IT'S JUST ME? SOMETHING TOLD ME THAT WAS THE CASE 😌 PLEASE IF YOU'RE SEEING THIS? AND NOTICE I REPLIED TO YOUR COMMENT, PLEASE LIKE SO I CAN GET A ACCURATE COUNT! THANKS FOR YOU'RE COOPERATION ⚖️🧠🎭💯⁉️♑🎯🥇🤎🤍🖤❤️🧡💛💚💙💜♥️🥶🥵🕐😉😁
thanks Captain Obvious
What if Mary is divorcing so it's hard to say if she's married? Are you considered married when you are married just legally but not in practice? I kind of struggled to accept being married is binary or black and white state 🤣
Wait a minute i don't understand marry married puzzle ? Edit : There are two cases where Mary's deal is 1 or 0  Whilst the puzzle is asking for a 'person's' action but whose ? Not defined ) So 1 and 0 case kicks in and ending the answer as 'yes' when you resume 10:00 .
im sorry micheal from vsauce your argument about elephants is invalid you should have used skunks or trash pandas but i get your point because if i could  take a tole of if elephants are awesome or not the majority would most definitley swing in the fact that elephants ARE MOST DEFINATLEY AWESOME
I don't think cognitive bias is a distinctive feature. It's just normal reasoning. I'll just quote SSC blogpost:  "Suppose that one of my friends says she saw a coyote walk by her house in Berkeley. I know there are coyotes in the hills outside Berkeley, so I am not too surprised; I believe her."  "Now suppose that same friend says she saw a polar bear walk by her house. I assume she is mistaken, lying, or hallucinating."  "Is this confirmation bias? It sure sounds like it. When someone says something that confirms my preexisting beliefs (eg ‘coyotes live in this area, but not polar bears’), I believe it. If that same person provides the same evidence for something that challenges my preexisting beliefs, I reject it. What am I doing differently from an anti-vaxxer who rejects any information that challenges her preexisting beliefs (eg that vaccines cause autism)?"  "When new evidence challenges our established priors (eg a friend reports a polar bear, but I have a strong prior that there are no polar bears around), we ought to heavily discount the evidence and slightly shift our prior. So I should end up believing that my friend is probably wrong, but I should also be slightly less confident in my assertion that there are no polar bears loose in Berkeley today. This seems sufficient to explain confirmation bias, ie a tendency to stick to what we already believe and reject evidence against it."  "The anti-vaxxer is still doing something wrong; she somehow managed to get a very strong prior on a false statement, and isn’t weighing the new evidence heavily enough. But I think it’s important to note that she’s attempting to carry out normal reasoning, and failing, rather than carrying out some special kind of reasoning called “confirmation bias”."
“We will someday be the ancients” got me fu**ed up
Time to watch this again
In the end it all came togerther to this great proposal. Let's do it!
how did i.. get here?
Do you all have a moment to talk about photons? I think it's quite cool that they are a particle and a wave at the same fucking time.
Look up street epistemology to see this in practice
Happy 1 year aniversary for this amazing video! i was using this for a project but i find it funny it just so happened to be the videos birthday
Statements implying that we "get" to borrow the minds of others at our own will, or benefit from their experience are very volatile statements when the rules of consensual communication are broken. For example, the internet evolves and operates at a rate faster than any individuals ability to give, or more importantly, DENY consent to access their information. This video that Michael posted will likely be available forever, to anyone, anywhere, and in making one choice to allow "anyone" access to his deposition of information, he has, at no fault of his own but for that of naivety, given access WITHOUT consent to any possible number of people for an indefinite period of time. If he decides that there is even one person on Earth, or COULD be one person on Earth that he does NOT want to give his information to, he no longer has that choice. Sadly, free will is a thing of the past, in part due to referring to publication as communication.
Given that the rest of the world is much larger and more populous than the U.S., the fact that in two decades, more concrete was installed outside the U.S., than in the last century in the U.S. is a not really an impressive or substantial remark.
“Hey! Vsauce! Michael here. Where is your brain”  Me: good question
I miss VSauce. It's sad that this was the last quality video this channel will ever have.
12:22 And that's why we need AI  13:30 Not so much. Realistically most people probably have strong opinions about a handful of the issues; the rest is just parroted from the party line
Ah yes - this brings me back to logic class. It has made me a better writer and critical thinker.
Yo why the hell did the CC typist play jazz with the wording 16:00 - 16:30 (the first examples I noticed. there may be more)
🚩🚩🚩
i prefer adaptation over prevention. There are so many ways to stop the earth from heating, other than upending all of energy production.  The only thing most "science" channels want to do these days is virtue signal, instead of talking about the easier and more logical adaptation.
10:40 I have taken surveys before, filled out legal paperwork, an filed taxes that have more than 2 options for marriage status, how am I to know what the list of possible marriage statuses the question(er) intends for me to consider? Maybe it(they) consider divorced to be neither married nor unmarried. What about separated? Civil unions? Polygamous relationships? Common law marriages?
We will someday be 'the ancients', and we can choose what that looks like.  Wow. That is one of the most powerful sentences I have ever heard spoken.
awsomeometre ! funny as f mike
And here, ladies and gentlemen, is a perfect example of a non- biased person. He talks about every side of a problem without an opinion of his own
Really love the message in this one. Logic and reason aren't missing from society, we just aren't taking the time to really listen to the other side. We only follow social media accounts that pander to our beliefs. We treat presidential elections like football games; cheering for our "team" while berating the other. We "cancel" people for saying or doing something that offends us, rather than trying to understand why they may have done/said it in the first place. While technology and the Internet are wonderful things, they've also made it much easier for us to hide in our bubbles.
My brain/body set itself Totally Free of fear, anxiety, sorrow, despair, loneliness, shame, guilt, confusion, contradictions, addictions, ambition, competition, vanity, envy, greed, jealousy, attachment, possessiveness, ill-will, hatred, cruelty, bias, prejudice, and all other mental afflictions/disturbances.
Michael had a visit from Hermes Trisgistus lmao
Bravo !!!
Bill Gates is not a climate scientist, nor is he anything but a greedy elitist. He has spent billions building Monsanto, billions fighting farmers rights, and billions still on vaccine patents - not the distribution of vaccines for the world's benefit, but the exact opposite. What a disgusting human being... sad to see Vsauce, someone with a platform, work with someone like this.
2:15 those statistics are quite misleading
I hope great supporters of trump are watching this there is a lot for them and me in this video from climate change to reason and logic. 🙄
are you trying to reason me
Michael for President 2024
This is a summary of everything I’ve learned in philosophy class. Thanks VSauce
This was outstanding ❤️
From Khandwa MP 🇮🇳
Vsauce: I'm not an elephant   Me:  your hs graduation picture begs to differ 😂😂
Who are you
Tell me you haven't heard about birth rate without telling me you haven't heard about birth rate.  Smart people live in echo chambers that are disconnected from reality.  Earth is not warming up, check the temperature trend of last billion years. Humanity is very soon beyond point of no return in population decline.
Absolute banger and all-time classic.
Hey future people! Im trying my best over here in the hopes of making the world a better place in my own little way. Hope you can bring me back quantumly!
Brilliant.
It's reason then
this is revolutionary
I don't like the idea that this video promotes the idea of a system of financially powerful oligarchs and is also created in partnership with a stupidly wealthy weirdo.
Yo I was just thinking about this while high off of shrooms it's crazy
we are just weird monkey people
Hello World
14:13 Well Micheal this is where you're wrong. Sucks having Aspergers man 😔
based anarchist Vsauce
Can someone please tell me what song plays on 00:58
this is probably the most relevant video on youtube.  quero deixar aqui minha palavra em portugues tambem porque isso aqui tem que fazer parte da historia da humaninade, e eu torço por isso
Vsauce's background music has been so insanely great it's unbelievable! They fit the context so perfectly...
You should talk about the double slit experiment and E8 lattice.
1:00 …the ayahuasca has enlightened Micheal to a godlike degree
11:36
0:05 WITH YOUR FEET IN THE AIR AND YOUR HEAD ON THE GROUND
Maybe if any of the more disastrous climate change predictions of the past 60 years came true, people would take it more seriously. Also, Micheal, I find it interesting that you mentioned "parallax" in this video and you seem to have a deep understanding of what it is. Makes a person wonder about a person. Tell me again why a ship disappears out of view when far enough out to sea?
Shillapalooza!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
What's up with Michael's watch that constantly comes on and off multiple times?
Vsauce where are youuuu
I love the music from 14:00
@Vsauce 14:41 did you mean to say transparent rather than opaque or am i misunderstanding the sentence? on the topic of intuitions, you were talking about how we dont use our cognitive observations to decipher someones mood. you explained that the mood operating functions of our brains are "opaque" to our awareness, basically saying that we ARE consciously using reason to recognize moods of other people. but i think you meant to say the opposite. let me know if im understanding this correctly or not, thank you!
17:00
This video is truly a masterpiece.
20:49   This is essentially what a Thesis is if you are shooting for your Doctorate. You present your evidence, and it is deliberated on by other doctors of that field, and if they cannot disprove it, it considered to be accepted.
I don’t understand why people are glorifying this youtuber? His ideas are old and not well thought out, most of this video can be summed in one word “Evolution”, his voice is grating, and I couldn’t even finish one video.
Very interesting isn’t this just another way of explaining a think tank?
I can't believe it. You said that in the last two decades the amount of concrete installed outside of US is equal to the amount US used during entire 20th century and that this means that the quality of life is rising. Am I missing something? Is it just my personal preference? Because when I think about high quality of life, I don't associate it with concrete. Quite the opposite I would say. The fact that we haven't figured out better ways to organise human communities doesn't mean that there is no better way.
The social theory is weird to think about when you have social anxiety.
Reason has some powerful tools to deploy, like Epistemology.  You begin with Correspondence (Table is made of wood), use Coherence (an example is, the Geocentric Theory), then apply Pragmatism (Consensus, as in the set of all theories that works). This epistemological process of reason has brought us where we are. But the problems for the society, caused by the lack of individual pragmatism and therefore a general consensus, are borne because most people are unaware of the three steps I mentioned above. This, in turn, makes the Reason a victim of Relativism. Relativism is caused by the fact that each person (or group) has its own reference frame in which they fit the facts happening around them, including their own thoughts. Places where the government create a convenient reference frame for their own people, are places of authoritarianism. Reason vs Relativism. It allows some rulers to start an illegal war of aggression - which appears to be totally justified to the people they rule. Reason is a very good thing. But it cannot be left to work alone; reason needs its own frame of reference, which is commonly called "Moral". I'm sure, Vsauce, that you have read Immanuel Kant masterpiece; it would be nice if every single person which commented here, would read it too...
See Emma, this video is why you argue with everyone so much, not because you’re a scorpio
THE CROWD should be THE MOB instead haha
20:50 what is a 'bad idea'? what is a 'weak' reason?
One of the worst Vsauce videos. I can't even be bothered to explain properly why this convoluted failed attempt at making any real point is one of the less good videos on the channel, but it definitely is. A lot of talk and a lot of pseudo-scientific gibberish. Btw, values can genuinely change and you can argue people into or out of an opinion.
17.7 m people think they intelligent subscribing this channel 😂🤣 Any other reason?
Michael sounds about right. I mean he is usually right, 😂so imma support him and his ideas.
Lottocracy? Sounds like jury duty 2.0.
but what about school who thaught us to ‘reason’
Michael is an elephant.
Aristotle didn't think democracy (lottocracy today) or oligarchy were good forms of government, since the rulers don't rule for the good of everyone, but the good of themselves.
Great Filter? That is the exact thing they need to be focusing on. The Great Filter is, their 5 senses. Science relies ENTIRELY on the 5 senses. Once they can get past that, the Great Filter, a whole new world will expand before them. Space, the space between the atoms, is imperative to discovering the truth about reality. But, poking and proding with just the 5 senses will get you NOWHERE. The unseen dimension, your thoughts, are just as real as the outer visible world. Think about it. Say, something happens to you to make you upset in the visible realm. You feel upset, and they're very real feelings. Then, later on down the road, you think about it again. And the same feelings arise again, yet, you are occupying a space of relative peace... in the outer visible realm. Yet, in the unseen realm, your mind(thoughts) it's the same whirlwind of emotions you experienced before. The same disturbance. Could go for happy thoughts, people, visions of the future, "wild imaginings," impossibilities, etc...
I can't believe Michael killed a man to use his head for this video. It really shows his dedication to the craft
I appreciate the totally unbiased facts. I don't know if I could've handled not throwing in a few jokes about liberals when talking about how we might not use reason and just defend our decisions for no reason lmao
Plus that not all michaels are elephants
The most intelligent vids on youtube here
14:46 "You don't consciously think <lists couple things>." Uh, yes I do. I have to, otherwise I'll most likely get it wrong. That's what happens when you're born without emotions 😐.
This dude is an alien 👽.... if only my brain worked the same
This is the epitome of “It’s not a bug it’s a feature”
Amo a Maria
my bals itch real bad
Why are we so important? Why wouldn't you think we're  here to just mess the earth up enough to progress the next organism? Even if we fuck things up....its the natural progression of the earth.
My first video back in 4-6 years. Happy to be back.
Is that really an Ikea chair.?
What if the vast majority of the population were older people who didn't care about the future of the planet. Having a lottery jury decide on the future of the planet may be more democratic but it wouldn't be representing the best interests of future generations.
Individually we should:  Normalise conversating such topics daily. Awaken your local circles to think for themselves. Everyone must do their part like Michael is doing here. Cheers to everyone here!  Yall the thinkers and the curious.  Your kind is rare 🥂
This was like his last informative video, where are you bro, please create more!!!
Michael is literally a genius, this is the greatest video essay I've ever seen
Electricity.. South Africa: ehe😳
I was waiting for that to kick in 5:48
How much of the atmosphere is co2? How much has it gone up because of humans? How much co2 is considered run away? How many years until we reach that point?   Run away means of humans emitted no more; it would still run away reaching world ending heat?
I’m currently watching this 10 months after Michael recorded this in some other part of the world, on a touchscreen supercomputer which fits in my pocket and can call or text or email almost anyone in the world, as I sit in my centrally heated house under electric lights, with wireless internet, and refrigerated food and medicine in the next room. It is thus hard to be completely agnostic about the practical power of human reason, especially as it is expressed in technology which predictably and reliably works. So perhaps it is not that human reason is inherently flawed, but that certain humans are epistemically lazy.
Future civilizations are definitely gonna quatumly recreate Michael
The thing is, we already have made contact with aliens.
Confirmation Bias: It’s not a bug, it’s a feature!
30 minutes of my life well spent.   Now, back to tiktok
💯🔥👍
fight club reference🤔
444k likes
Reasoning is bull shit. Any discourse is immediately banned or removed. Take action now and see which jail you will end up in later.
Interesting proposal and video. I learned we evolved to use binary logic. It's like Quantum physics is showing that we need more logic embedded in our species that allows superpositions of individual's truths to exist, their perspectives.
Beyond refreshing. Incredible stuff - Thanks, Michael.
if you have unlimited resources it makes it easy to win arguments. even if you're wrong :D xD :(
I see a lot of member of the crypto comunities to like those topics! great video!
this man really gets me thinking
It does seem natural to reason from your beliefs. Something must guide the reasoning - if human-caused climate change is an issue to me, I should ride a bike but if I want to enjoy life, maybe I prefer driving a nice car. Both reasons are valid but effectively incompatible. So the reasons alone could at least be considered to reach a compromise, but behind each reason must be some belief or value. You could reason for or against beliefs I guess, digging deeper at some point you'd have to reach some philosophical idea like valuing life or minimizing pain for example. Effectively then the beliefs are incompatible.
Are we not gonna talk about how he collabbed with bill gates
A lottocracy sounds great on paper, but too many people have their own confirmation biases about certain issues that, no matter what information you give them, and no matter how factual it is, they still have it made up in their mind that that information will be wrong, especially with a lot of social issues.
Reasoning (+ Blockchain)
When you realize most people in this world are like sheep in a herd, this information is not only makes sense, buts obvious.
But that doesn't quite explain why apologists "reasons" never seem to evolve, a lot of them, the vast majority in fact, still like to use reasons, or "arguments" (really, really bad ones) that were thoroughly trashed and debunked hundreds of years ago, the odd few might change them slightly but they always fail for exactly the same reason, not seeing any of them evolve at all, especially not biologically either 🤭
This is the best episode.
So the Future of Reasoning has more to do with one of Gates' fears, in this case of global warming, than some eskimo's fears of cold?  Eww, yech, blech, and how dare you; every liberal knows it is more PC to think they have equal import!  I'll rewatch up until 5:20 though, the idea of extended mind is intriguing.
in just the first minute of the video there are many assumption made that are more an example then real fact, not really describing but more use words against you
I absolutely love this video!! Eye-opening and interesting 👌
Great one
I love watching your videos man!
BEST VIDEO!!
Loved the video but hate the background music. It is really distracting!
8:15 that was a jumpscare for me.
Fuck this garbage.
you know what else is a lump of fat and protein no firmer than a block of tofu?
You lost me at the Gates foundation 🤮🥲
"you see officer, the reason I killed that man was that I wanted to socialise"
vsauce confirmed pixies fan
Why is it songs lyrics almost always seem to rhythm and why is it so satisfying?
16:35 "build traps" points at the book "Enigma of Reason".
1:31 Why the heck does this remind me of Roblox??
What Michael is talking about in this video is not "reason".  it is "dialogue".
Yes, most people are irrational fuck-tards.  But there is a small percentage of the human species that actually practices reason.  These are the people who have contributed to the advancement of civilization.
As it pertains to Addictions Treatment, patients are often taught to never give reasons to 'friends' when refusing to do drugs.  Any reason you give is simply the place someone else tries to break in to your resolve.  A successful ex-addict will almost always say "NO" and that's it.
In the early days if the Internet (circa 1995) I discovered that you could edit a persons email that you were responding to and then return the edited email with a response.  I changed one email to make the person sending it sound completely crazy and then questioned why they would say such insane things.  I expected to get a laugh as they obviously realized my joke.  What I got instead was an apology and reasoning as to why they would have typed such insane words.  I assured them it was me however I never forgot that incident.
Bill Gates is a criminal
As soon as you said you partnered with Bill gates, it gave me a whole new perspective on the whole video. Now it turns political, and every word you spew is part of a voice for an agenda. I agree with you on all of it, but I can't take anyone seriously when there is money behind it. A sponsored video does this channel no good. Please consider what I am saying
14:12 --- My Autistic Ass: this is exactly how I determine how someone might feel lmao
Sorry my comments are so long Michael
I couldn’t sleep last night because I was thinking about Creepy SLS cam figures but I was too embarrassed to tell mom how ironic that that would happen last night just before I watched this video that talks all about it SLS Cam figures are green stick figures that appear on the camera when An anomaly is detected most likely a ghost
An utter joy to watch.
Did he just pull a Ben Parker on us? Michael, don't you dare die! You know too well that wen a person says "with great power comes great responsibility" he is more likely to die!
pretty Hegelian stuff
this is the most important video on the internet.
i’m way too dumb to understand this lol but i’m still watching
✌✌
Hello 👋
If you really understand everything said without pausing this video, you are a genius.  Otherwise just enjoy listening to a genius man talking! (Or pause after every sentence lol)
13:00 this just makes me think people lie not people dont notice things.
in just a minute my mind is blown
I just took a break from doing my logic homework!
Michael - have you ever thought about politics? it would be great to have clear thinkers and people, not only motivated by money or power, at the wheel, especially after we just had a direct opposite of that for 4 years and that cost us more than a half of million lives and almost cost us the entire country. i and i suspect most of your subscribers would vote for you and it would be easy for all of us to reason with a lot of others to do the same
6M and still a highly underrated piece.. Thanks Michael.
We have the power of individuals deciding on politics as a whole where the whole country is voting on laws and constitutional changes. It's not always better but it always sparks a debate and it's publicly discussed. It's not much but sometimes it is a big advantage.
Going down music along with Michael's enlightening voice has its own nostalgic feeling to it. 🫀🧠🎶harmony
The puzzle was wrong... nowhere was it defined that there weren't more people involved, nor that they weren't looking away.
this vsauce hits different
Wow!  I can't even find the words to say how impressive this video is.
Run for president
Michael should run for presieny
We can thank YouTube for organizing this reason. It's tailored  just for you. How you broadcast and defend your beliefs true to you. Genius. Or a higher intelligence @YouTube  now give me a job lol
I feel like reasoning isn't the way to empathy, because its not empathy, its exploitation at that point.  Many facets of life are inherently irrational and unreasonable. The fact that 2 people can use logic to come to 2 very different conclusions with the same variables.  The problem with most people's logic is that they try to use elementary math rules to explain something much more complicated. Like the commutative property of addition applying to words.  I think this is a product of people just wanting the answers to their questions, someone tells them and then they repeat it without thinking about it, just accepting facts instead of thinking about why people disagree about apparent evidence, like evolution and global warming, and the whole idea of climate change, why some people think its good, why some people think its bad, and then you see its not a simple picture. So people just align themselves with the majority because they don't really want to think about it because they think it doesn't really affect them.  Something i think that makes people not care about the state of the planet because humans lived in much more drastic climate conditions and some operated better than others, and their dna remembers that. If the solution is to make people more empathetic to life around them that is not them, we have to devalue the intellect and value the part of our lives that came before the intellect.  After all your intellect only protects your identity, and if you don't identify with the earth, why would you think about protecting it? We are taught to value comfort and human production over human life. Otherwise why would we hold the lives of our citizens over their heads based on their "production value" to the rest of the culture.  Basically, by quantifying life with a monetary value, why would anybody think of life as anything other than an infinite set of numbers? after all you taught them the world is math.  Also in order to have valid reasoning, you would actually have to do your own reasoning instead of just repeating the reasoning of others, in essence becoming the conduit for a more stable mind. And these minds are the minds that live in the masses who wont think for themselves and these are the minds running the world. Its not in one person. Its in every person refusing to think. Either use your brain or someone smarter than you will use it for you. After all that is how education is structured in the 1st world since the industrial revolution. Which is how you had instant millionaires.
Bill Gates is a fraud and so is global warming
Bill Gates should repay us, then go hide before the tide turns.
Quantum Accountability !
This whole thing is dumb. I quit at the part where he said "averaging the guesses people make of how many jellybeans are in a jar is closer than any one guess". This is patently untrue and has been trotted out by people promoting mob mentality for decades. If any part of this video deals with the actual future of reason, you can safely skip to 22:17. You won't miss anything.
That Bill Gates shill not working out so good now...
10:35 I've thought about it. I keep thinking about it. I've come back to this video because the answer is not "Yes", it is "Not enough information to decide". Does this make me unreasonable, or just antisocial?  Paul is married. Peter is unmarried. Mary is unclarified.  Paul is looking at Mary - a married man is looking at an unclarified woman Mary is looking at Peter - an unclarified woman is looking at an unmarried man  Is married person looking at an unmarried person? The conclusion remains "not enough information to decide": She remains, like Schrodinger's Cat, both in an unmarried and married state until such a time as that information is disclosed; That we look inside the box.  Either the answer therefore is yes and no simultaneously, or more reasonably it must be inconclusive?
Partnering with Bill Gates? Damn Sauce, didn't know you were in league with demon spawn. You do realize he and his father are/were eugenicists right?
this blew my mind. thank you.
Reason is essentially logic and logic is not changing!! What is changing the neural network is expanding beyond our brains. A network of colleagues in a field are nodes in a thinking network each node is a memory bank with their own contributions and ideas. So, a network of people is essentially a network of mnemonic tools extending reason!! Mathematics itself is a memnonic tool, each symbol represents a value, an concept. Our brains can only hold a few items in memory at once, symbols extend our memory by a memnonic. People as nodes in a network act as more than a memnonic, they act by multiplying the thinking somewhat like a quantum computer doing simultaneous calculations in parallel universes!!
Vsauce working with bill gates to make local governments take on global goals? Yep, we’re fucked, I’d rather deal with global warming than global fascism
the more we evolve the more we creat problems for us.we always compare ourselves with past.are we living in past?may be yes.we can never live in present and future doesnot exist.
@Vsauce bro... it's like you are missing a part of the puzzle... I'm going to send you in the right direction. When you said we aren't venomous or strong or fast and that our only advantage was to cognition, you clued me on the piece of the puzzle you are missing. We are actually BADASS runners. We are persistence hunters! We have the most efficient legs for long distance running, the best cooling system and the best tracking system in the savannahs. Our brains. Our brains developed to get into the shoes of an animal and deduce where it would go. Together with our binocular eyes, we can see an animal at a moderate distance and keep track of him as well as look for clues nearby like broken branches, hoof prints, pee, etc from our prey. Read the book "Born to Run" by Christopher McDougall. Everything is explained there.
K Dilkington was right
Everytime I hear Vsauce says"thanks for watching" I find it absurd. Why should he be thanking us?
Everybody has different reasoning, logic,  and views of the world. Some people's logic is based in fear like anti-gun people, they worry about what can go wrong and vote away there rights and freedom to feel safe. Some people's logic is based on bravery and freedom like pro-gun people who rather stand there ground and fight and not give up any of their freedom or rights. Some people want to save the planet in extreme ways likes all electric cars, and other people could care less. Everyone is bias and has different logic and reasoning.
Your videos are amazing man, unbelievable piece of art.
Michael is awesome Therefore I have a mustache
I would love to learn how to use this to manipulate people.
You can't attack reason and use reasoning while doing it, it's hypocritical.
This will definitely change how I vote for our next democratically elected dictator...  I mean director   ...I mean president.
Am I crazy or does he sound just like the guy who plays blippi that my kid loves to watch? Is it the same guy?
Compromi$ed
the problem with chosing people at random to make decisions is time. they dont have the time to do that, they would have to miss their jobs, school, families. and somehow organize a large group of people from different parts of the country ( maybe even world for global problems) to all be available at the same time.
Carl Schwab and the great reset otherwise known as a world economic reform
Sorry but you incorrect about the point, "Michael is an elephant" etc. The word " awesome" is related to an elephant so not matter how one views what "awesome" means it is still related to the word "elephant" because the post is an statement. The statment is just that & cannot change. Interpretation of the statment can ofcourse be different to all people but irrelative to the point of the statment that Michael is an awesome elephant.  My point is the statement is a statement whether it subjective or not as interpretation of the statment is a seperate action & not related to the statment. Thinking otherwise is confusing.
Journalism It is too powerful
19:44 aka echo chamber
Imagine an awesome-ometer actually existed😂😂
they got him too boys. it was a nice ride michael
My dog reasons better than I when there is danger down a trail I may be hiking. I have learned to just listen to him🤔
This was the last great philosophy type video you've done in so long 😔 what happened to vsauce? Some random shorts then not much, iI used to love your videos ☹
“But there are hints that reason and logic are struggling...”  My mind immediately went to the Covid conspiracies.
If you are suggesting any of this as an option for the United States to fix its democracy you are insane. This is not a democracy and it never has been. It is a constitutional representative Republic. What needs to happen is us actually going back to that
Bill Gates? Cringe!
The thing is globe warming is not re inventing the wheel it’s re inventing society
Bullshit reasoning , wierd .
Cool video, Michael.
You lost me when you got off onto Global Warming.
Hi Michael, I am going to assume you read the comments so here goes; if you haven't read The Unknowers by Linsey McGoey, I recommend it. Your entire video seems so relevant to the topics in the book, which I'm currently reading.  I think the author wrote another book, not very Bill Gates friendly I don't think, I can't be sure though because I have not read it yet. In hindsight, not sure you do after noticing there are 34k comments...
Legitimate question, but why do people think global warming equals the Sahara desert and not the Amazon Rain Forest? Plants feed excess CO2 in a greenhouse grow extremely large, producing multiple harvests. The colder the climate, the drier the climate. Climate change is always happening whether you think people are responsible for that or not, removing fossil fuels will create a number of problems which will create far more devistating for human beings, Many will suffer and die in absolute destitute poverty with no medicine, no access to a variety of foods, no access to power and even information. The problem I have with the climate change zealots is that it seems rediculous to spend trillions upon trillions of dollars to reduce the changes in the climate by a fraction of a degree or less than 500 billion dollars to adapt to it.{all of which assumes you can get China, India, the Middle East and Africa to follow your zero emissions nonsense) However it is also nothing less than hubris of the highest order for the self-righteous and highly self-virtuous intellectuals to think they know the results and ramifications of any number of ideas proposed to direct climate change in the  "desired" direction...
Compromise. Not reason. Social perspective. Different and variable. The parent of decision should not be ignorance.
I love you Michael.
I love it! You have a gift. Keep a good work. Regards from Copenhagen, Denmark
The problem with the lottery elected representatives is that they can still be corrupt.   the usual special interest groups would likely try to bribe the lotto reps and/or give them really cushy jobs after they finished their terms, much like they do today with the current politicians
I gotta say if I was told to choose faces then they switched those faces on me I'd probably recognize that they switched them. If it was a subconscious split second decision then it never mattered anyways, or at least that's how I see it. If I'm being asked to do a specific task I focus on that task, but if it's just some pick as fast as you can then it really doesn't matter. That to me just says people aren't really putting any effort into the things they do or are asked to do.
The problems of today cannot be solved with the level of thinking that created them.
Holy crap this sounds like CIA propaganda
The fact that Biden was elected proves reason is under threat!
How have I not found your videos sooner than now..   the algorithm has a long way to go lol
Man, how can you say the world is not a logic puzzle LOL. The puzzle you used as an example is exactly what should happen when you sit a reason with somebody, what happens is that most of the time emotions just don't let people to reason or they just want to be freeloaders by force 🤷
I KNEW IT. our conciousness is just a parasite, which has settled in humans. What does it do? It gives us the illusion of being oneself
This is maybe one, if not the most interesting topic i had to think about, ever.  And my other topics are mcdonalds and pornhub cheeto gaming keyboard stain. So yeah, im intelectual enough to think
Best V Sauce EVER!!!! Im going to rip right to the last 25% of the video and address measures that might include EVERYONE into this progression WE MUST traverse in order to give our world the best chance to not only survive but endure healthfully. The concept of an oligarchy is fine and dandy hypothetically, but theoretically, for example in the arena of any given school district. A school board made up of civic business economy promotors at all capacities making a fulltime teacher salary for less than part time butt in the chair driving major financial decisions and changes FOR teachers not BY teachers based on agenda meetings clear as mud presented and deliberated open to the public (to look good) but not convenient for physical teacher turnout.  In 2013 my school union rep approached a certain old AG money board member (still taking up space) to explain why our school district did not receive a raise for prior year high performance incentive we were promised. She actually had the balls to say teachers showed little concern by not showing up to the meetings so they assumed it really didnt matter. Mind you, NOBODY had gotten one penny since the 2008 "test trial" BS. ------------Fact is, the titanic aint never coming back. LOSE THE OLD TRASH and seal up all the rat holes so they cant squeeze their way back in. .......... Voting will NOT be in the same format. FORGET THAT SCAM TOO only made possible for themselves and friends with benefits.......    Besides, the mega digital billboard signs pushing the same one or two names running around the same private interest bureau gangers over and over choking out other candidates NOT knob hobbing the sign owner who mysteriously also owns all of the prime dollar high visibility unbuildable land where the signs are rooted and happens to sit on city council and was on board of commissioners and who's name does not come up when perusing the local zoning map for proper code enforcement notations expected of county government officials, who, sworn in under oath by law in the presence of God Himself, are held to a higher standard of trustworthiness and uprightness as SERVANTS of the PUBLIC. Not the other way around................FAIR PLAY LEVEL COMMON GROUND..........every dollar spent on advertising means one less brain cell necessary to do the damn job. Its called built in mandatory mechanisms 24/7 via free broadcasting etc etc community coordination absolutely NOTHING like what has kept us bent over a barrel ALL OF OUR LIVES! ............. Toil is stupid...DEVO............I was wrong about Mr. Gates. Im sorry.
🤯 Humanity, Very Organised Ecosystem
Did you just say "throw shade" and "sic burns"?! I'm done! 😂💀
wtf is this ive sed this about poilitics for years a peoples party in any government would be the way to the future
What kind of wristwatch are you wearing?
Vsauce is the single youtuber that I feel has made me a better person over the years. Thank you michael, very cool.
How about no, you’re with bill gates
Oh.. Bill Gates huh. 😔 Damn. Bye Vsauce.💔   Thanks for the good years.
commrade micheal
“Let's bring them all back to life” 29:10
This man is always full of amazing contents, there is no nonsense in his contents.
Whats great about this video is, that it made me reflect on my opinion on the Asimov Books. Years ago i hated the hivemind solution presented at the end. it was the  total loss of individuality to me, basically a distopia. But I always thought that the greeks had superior Idead concerning governemt (you get choosen at random serve and then go back, not politician style carreer path). I was exactly like the protagonist in the book, who was chosen to decide if that future was good or not while he at the same time was personally against it. I am inline with his arguments, but now....it makes sense, true democracy will not be achieved until you have that interconnectedness, where power is not a profession but a privilege that is hardlimited. I dont subscribe to anarchy or something, that idea is just logically retarded, but true democracy following the semantic definition of the word will be some kind of neuralink hivemind in my opinion.
Lol
Absolutely brilliant! And illuminating... What about founding (and naming) your own philosophical current?
Vsauce-ome!!
Micheal would absolutely slay at a Poetry Slam
9months later I’m still seeing this video as brilliant but conniving. I see it as you being bought by big corporations however it may be or maybe it’s just a couple influential individuals. Either way… this video surely plants a seed of doubt in seeing how messed up this place is and nudges u in the direction to just accept everything as u can see at surface level. It doesn’t tell u what to think but it sets u up for ‘how to think.’ I’ve been a fan of yours since inception so it’s no fun for me to think of you that way but I do. You sold out for profit. Psychological warfare by a trusted source with a massive following. It’s not impossible nor implausible. Really take a look at the world we live in today.
Incredible creativity of thinking. Much apreciated!
That's not how this works ha ha .. i think all studies from preschool to midschool should have some some prescriptive social philosophies regarding life and politics . He is just regurgitating things which have been pondered over since millennias .. Hindu philosophy is one good place to start with
If god is real then why do my balls still itch.
Goated
Nothing but full and astronomical respect for vsauce
10:40 Yes, but what if she's a duck?
Man i hope youre happy and rich. Thanks gor all the vids.
So what do we do? ask bill gates… yeah, we know his solution, everybody has seen cordon down to zero Ted talks
I thought this was fantastic and uplifting. Arrived at this via Verisatium which I also find inspiring. Thank you will ponder on all of it and promote channel a bit.
It's frustrating to hear the tired old argument that climate change is about balancing the wealth of rich nations against the capacity for the world's poor to "eat" or "survive". The opposite is true. Poorer countries are rapidly overcoming poverty while contributing the overwhelming majority of CO2 into the atmosphere.
So this video is actually a commercial.
The hive sapien mind
NR
this is a very good video on how ranch is superior to blue cheese. 👍
I really really hope I get to see the end of mankind. A meteor a virus or nukes. Anything just please let me witness it
lol, an awesome-ometer... xD
Thank you Michael I am inspired by your wisdom to espouse my own to others and to listen to theirs. I will continue our journey forward. To betterment x
14.27 Michael says we don't consciously see features that express emotion and then decide they denote an emotion, but instead we just recognise their emotions subconsciously. But I do do that. At least all the time or atleast I think I do. Anyone have any insight on this
wooow, just letting a comment to improve the reach of this video... woooOOOOOoooOOoowww!!!
Nuclear
when you click on a Vsauce video but its just more climate change propaganda like we havent seen it a billion times already
Who the fuck needs a science teacher, just watch vsauce
This guy's videos hurt my brain.
Had me, until he mentioned Bill Gates
Empathogens
عاش
Working with the Bill Gates Foundation to solve climate change is like working with a dragon to solve the lack of goats problem. Capitalism can't solve climate change.
This video will be more than essential in the development of new age leaders
The mind is an illusion.  And when you die.....that's it. Just nothing.
I am not a climate denier, yet when he said that we need to go from 52 billion to zero... Seriously face palm🤦‍♂️
damn
Plot twist U are invinceable until U die
Thanks for being a voice of reason, Michael.
Your partnership with Gates et al might have obliterated your credibility with a certain swath of your audience (perhaps for good “reason”) but your treatment of this subject, the breadth and assiduousness of your considerations, the actionable nature of your suggestions and the insightful contemplation of potential future outcomes place you well within a category of communicators I’ll call Hyperdudes. Or maybe Philosopher Kings. Both are tragically sexist, but you get my point. As always, thanks for posting!
"We will someday be the ancient" Vsauc backs at it again with existential crisis!
23:32 The reasons they give don't have to be good, just good enough that we can feel like justification exists. LOL I especially like this statement because it seems to imply that justification, in fact, doesn't exist (or at least, is not just). This is why it's always best to ask whether or not an action or reasoning/idea is just, rather than justifying one's actions. =D  Side note, I have noticed quite a few typos and words that are completely changed in the subtitles. What the heck, bro?
I came here for thought provking stuff about thought and reason, not climate change propoganda.
this is also very accurate in regards to the hyperobject covid where reasoning also went out of the window and conspiracy theorists on talk smack on th einternet, nobody has a discussion about biology but people believe that bill gates wants to but microbots into us yeet
0:05 something The Pixies have asked themselves
a thinking man and his existential tangents
and you? :)
Someday u will change the world by the ur thinking. U should get a fucking nobel price. This is the kind of content and education to change the thinking of humanity
Mind 💥
Of ALL the people he could have collaborated with, he picks Mr. New World Order himself Bill Gates lmfao. Let the conspiracy theories begin.
17:50 - on point. me saying this to myself after i write someone a pragraph cos they a bitch. but they just leave me on seen.
Michael: "I am not an Elephant."  Or is it? 🧐
Hello what is my fortune mr genuinely
Intuited
Oh and don't ever say the people in charge are scientists and billionaires. Although the people in charge does include billionaires scientists are not within that classification. The people who are in charge are billionaires and lawyers. The only role that scientists play in that are those scientists who have been bribed threatened and blackmailed into creating botched studies p-hacked and manipulated to the moon to give flawed backing with flawed logic to the billionaires and the lawyers that work for them a means to do exactly what they do best. And that is to convince and persuade everyone that a truth exists or that they want something even if something as flawless as logic and math can prove otherwise in order to gain a portion of wealth and power for themselves. And just like in any niche those with the most talent and willing to do more than everyone else will rise to the top of their niche. That's why we know names like Jimi Hendrix when it comes to music or Einstein when it comes to physics. Entrepreneurs and lawyers got together because the most talented among them and the ones willing to do more than anyone else among them realized that changing laws that last is the best way to gain wealth and power as it creates a long-lasting system that constantly and consistently offsets things into their benefit. It just so happens that part of what it means to do more than anyone else means they will do anything within Humane action and inhumane action. Meeting the people who will rise to the top of the wealthiest and most powerful people in the world will also be those willing to do anything to gain that wealth and power even if they have to victimize and hurt people and they do not care how many that have to victimize and hurt or how much pain and suffering they must cause. That's why so many Studies have shown that the overwhelming majority of these people are sociopathic or psychopathic. And even a person who is not a sociopath or a psychopath with that much wealth will grow numb to emotional stimuli when they have anything and everything they could possibly want at any moment notice and we'll start doing questionable things just to get an emotional response. When it's a sociopath or a psychopath that has that much wealth and power and they are growing even more numb than they already are because they had anything and everything they could possibly want at a moment's notice the things they start doing to get an emotional response are beyond the imagination of most. And they have the wealth and power to keep these things out of View.
I disagree
and as always, awesome content.
No matter how many words you use there is nothing you can say to ever make humans believe in things they cannot see. So greenhouse gases will only ever get worse. Good luck.
Wow, what a thought-provoking video. Kudos
I wish you were right that we all had a small part to play in the decisions of society. But that is just not true. There are many studies proving that the rich have all the say and the poor have no say. But one as far as I can tell has been erased from the internet. The study I'm talkin about took it to the extreme and divided people amongst the richest 1% and the poorest 99%. They asked each group over the course of a ten year period whether or not they wanted a policy for whether or not they wanted a specific person in office. These were all yes or no questions. They found if the richest 1% all wanted a policy there was a 60% chance that it happened and that if none of them wanted a policy it didn't happen and the relationship is linear so if 50% wanted it and 50% didn't there was a 30% chance the policy happened where the person was voted into office. For the poorest 99% it did not matter how many people voted for or against a policy there was always a 30% chance of the policy happening. After the study was published it went unchallenged and uncontested by pure review to this day. The reason being the study was extremely straightforward and overwhelming amounts of data. This study proved that a minimum of the poorest 99% had absolutely no effect on the positions in politics. It is not a coincidence that there is a 30% chance that a policy is put in place or a person is put in office no matter how many of the poorest 99% want it or don't want it and there is the same 30% chance of a decision happening when the richest 1% are split yes and no 50/50. Fact that there is such an overwhelming amount of data that the accuracy of it can't really be questioned and that the interpretation of the data takes a minimum amount of skill in interpretation the information that can be inferred from this data is purely logical and once explained to somebody who may not be able to interpret it will immediately change their mind like the logic question you asked in the beginning of your video. And since it's so easy to develop a proof of what this data tells us it kind of makes it hard to use it to lie. It is for this reason that I believe finding this study has been made extremely difficult. And I know this is why no one has challenged it. This was a joint study done between Berkeley and Cambridge so The credibility can't really be questioned either. That is why this is a 100% infallible proof that the people who run the world are located within the richest 1%. Other Studies have been done dividing into two groups of the richest 10% and the poorest 90% but this was the only study Brazen enough to narrow in so close on the real rulers of the planet to finally get people to fear for their lives. The fact is this study only proves that the rulers of this planet are within the richest 1% as in a maximum of the richest 1%. The likelihood is that it is a group of people smaller than the richest 1%. The math shows a likely upper bound of approximately the richest 0.4%.
Thanks for keeping on making videos like this.
Or is it?
There is NO climate crisis.NASA & NOAA have been LYING for years & changing the numbers in the climate record to eliminate the medieval warm period. The biggest lie, is that increases in temperature are commensurate with increases in CO2.  In the last 150 years the AVERAGE global temperature has been trending DOWNWARDS, NOT up like they say.REAL climate scientists like Tim Ball are saying we really need MORE CO2 in the atmosphere, cuz at around 1100 PPM you will see global weather patterns evening out & less extreme temperatures around the world with MORE greening of the deserts as plant life will encroach.  There can be NO "runaway" greenhouse effect, because the Earth is an enclosed self regulating system.If atmospheric temperatures increase, it means MORE convectional precipitation from the oceans which helps facilitate that greening of the deserts.  Go look at the historical record (if you can find one on paper that HASNT been altered) Tony Heller is a good resource here is ONE example of a plethora of videos he has made showing you historical records & newspaper articles PROVING the Climate Alarmists are LYING to you.
Wait, if Mary is unmarried. Paul is still looking at her?????
Do a vsauce on perspective.
What about the future of raisins?
This might be the most important vsauce video ever made
wow... this left me speechless. Very interestingly layed out
utopia reference
Questioning leaders is important. But you kinda can't have just everyone question them.  Ray Dalio's company has an interesting view on this. That aside from reasoning ability, you weigh a person's view in a domain based on how successful they've been in that area in the past (and thus how likely they are to both understand what is more important, and also what can likely be done or not done if you need to succeed at it... 'cus it's easy to pick stuff apart, harder to actually create results)  It goes to the question of "What people are more likely to be right on this issue?"  Most people just aren't part of feedback loops that can refine their understanding in ways that they can have a sensible view on many big picture issues.
Weird but dark question: if disasters are more extreme and frequent and society is more demanding and fast developing, then is the natural ratio of our amount of problems and solutions currently the same as those same problems and solutions, let's say, a decade ago? Or a century ago? Although I'm not doubting that the problems we have are worsening because of our developments, is it not eerily natural if these over-proportioned problems are reflected in the past. Hypothetically, the question then becomes: is it our actions or existence that creates these natural disasters. Anyway, tangents are weird...
I think you should add the evolutionary filter to the proliferation of ideas - still limited by local needs and what is good enough locally.  Groups can be quite wrong also for complex things. So often, it's the survivors of competition that determine what will be considered a better way to think.
Did Michael just throw in a reverse Roko's Basilisk at 29:02? In either case: Great Video!
A lottocracy is literally the great idea of all time.
I got like 10% of this video but man, I love this channel!
All thoughts, beliefs, and knowledge are inferred, either intuitively or discursively.   (Even memory retrieval requires inference at a basic preconscious level that we are not conscious of.  We are only conscious of the outcome, which are the memories.)  Reasoning is the USE of Logic, and Logic itself represents Truth and correctness through the 2 Fundamental Laws of Logic given to us by Parmenides (The Law of Identity and Non Contradiction).  Reasoning requires some degree of adherence to Logic itself (The Law of Identity and Non Contradiction).  Poor reasoning comes from a violation of Logic, which is mistaking something for what it is not.  Outside of mistaken identity, there are no falsehoods.  There can only be Truth, which is What Is.
The Godfather of Logic and Reason is Parmenides.
Topics like these can be found on books but I like them on videos. Thanks vsauce
The lone reasoner... aka twitter
Crowd reasoning only works if you have an equal number of representatives on opposing sides of an issue in the room. If people who think there are too many jelly beans in the jar are only comfortable hanging around each other, then what you end up with is groupthink. The count will be way off when you bring the jar into the room with that group of people.
But ... Michael could've been the name of an elephant ... right?
Thank-you so much Michael (and Bill)!  So many topics to think about.  I'd love to get, or produce, a transcript as I found the background music really distracting.  Even subtitles would be great.
I think a lot of ppl can’t infer haha c
very ADHD friendly
I totally agree we should try democratic forms of organization but I find one big problem with the video. It is the implicit and unreasoned understanding of the existance of an object as well as asumming subjectivity is the same as relativity.   For example, the argument of how social reasoning leads to a better aproximation of the balls in a box as analogue of using social reasoning to decide more convenient actions. In the first case there is a clear, quantutative, intersubjective and defined truth treated as object while in the second case there isn't any objective best path to society to follow, ¿A convinient decision according to whom, by which criterium? Not only this is subjective but also relative to the subject (and its interest).   The point is that the implicit epistemology of the video, since it isn't explicit, can lead to the idea that every bad thing we do as a society comes from the limit our way to reason have to aproach the morally good way of action. In fact, that action doesn't exist and most important decisions are made to serve the interest of the few with the power needed to do so, independently of how flawed those decisions might be to serve their egoist purpose.  Democracy isn't just a better strategy to make better responsable decisions, it is needed to get rid of the unbalanced interest that guide our action in an imposed material context which makes us almost unable to do so while defining our need to do so.  Do you wanna solve the hyperobject of our time? Start by organizing and stopping buying some rich boy's convenient and declassed advice to do so.  A great video, as always, thanks for the existencial crisis!
this might be the best video ever
Michael's mom: "you wrecked my car when you were out with your friends last night!!!"  Michael: "Or did I?  You see..."
“We need to release ZERO” is what Michael from Vsauce said about co2. I wonder where he got his politic-, i mean his research from.
Adaptation to innovation wouldn't be such a problem if we didn't constantly think we MUST change, progress.
4:02: How? You don't. Globalization has ruined the human experience. No, really. I'm a biophysics major. I understand fully what science and technology has done for us. But at this point. .it's a net negative and a big one.  We need to go. Back. To. Local.
It DOESN'T MEAN "quality of life is increasing". No, it doesn't.
Michael, if you read this, just realize what the heck you're obviously pushing is people getting the vaccine, and teaching people to reason with the idea of population control, dude. It's ugly, and tasteless, "I believe". Find a better way to rally the populist, or argue your point a tad more gentle. This, "I believe" isn't the reason... Or is it!?
As always, my mind is blown.
the world is a logic puzzle you are just looking at it the wrong way .
Man am I the only one who finds this video sickening because it's so off base from what he would do, and big daddy bill gates is clearly trying to let us know "sorry y'all gotta be the one to do it to you, just kill a few of you because oops we're over populated here and now, so I'm the voice of reason to make these judgement calls." And here Michael is literally smacking you in the fucking face telling you "BYE"... That's just me!? Oh... Okay, bye.
13:45
I love his Ben Shapiro impersonation
My mind is under my feet
Pssst don’t forget about us 😘
I reckon this should be compulsory viewing for the whole human race.! Such interesting insight into us and and so well explained as always.
All Americans are Free Michael is an American Michael is Free  True or False?
Why was i not subscribed
Oh my God Micheal! I had no idea you were making vsauce again! I have months to catch back up on. When you did minefield I didn't see these much before. But now I have to go back and watch them all.
Nonsense video.
hone into your energies. thats how. learn about yourself to the deepest level
I can give a simpler reason why nothing’s being done about climate change. It’s not confirmation bias or the evolution of reasoning. It’s money and lobbying by corporations who don’t want to spend the money on R&D and changes into clean energy.  Why make an expensive transition into a new market that isn’t guaranteed to generate the same or greater profits than what the current market is creating?
That government bit sounds like something crypto could do
the title already has me fucked up
I am christian and get spiritual vibes from this video, nice. Glad to have heard you, o ancient one
The problem is anti-empiricism. People place too much reliance on rationality and hard thinking, and neglect the value in the substance they will proceed to think about.  Intuition needs to be developed so that distant pieces of information can be brought together.  Reasoning comes afterwards - otherwise your problem solving is limited to thinking about information that is presented to you in a straight line.
I cant believe this man is still alive 🤣
one day we will all be the ancients.... Shit got me over here feeling like a mummy already😂😂😂
A lottocracy would be great. But like communism, it comes to to problem of, who decides whats what.  With 7 billion people, how do you trust whoever is choosing will make it truly random? That a chosen computer wouldn't be tampered with? You can't.
This is a subject I've been thinking a lot about for maybe two years now. While this was a great video that made some excellent points, I think it didn't address some of the most important ones:  - When should we not trust "the crowd"? - How can we distinguish between the ideas of the culture around us and the wisdom of the crowd? - Is there any way of having the accounting for errors that is possible with a crowd achievable by a mere individual? - How can we tell the wisdom of the crowd from the bandwagon fallacy?
To be fair body language isn't as effortless as you said. For some of us facial expressions, body language and tone of voice are a complete mystery.   (I.e. us neurodivergent folk)
michael, an empath, could sense that somebody is upset
Sounds Reasonable
reasoniinnnn
i want to get baked as fuck and watch these videos
How marry is unmarried? Why  not enough information ticked.
I'm 1:40 minutes in, and it reminds me of the book "Childhood's End", and just as much Evangelion.
Ethereum would be a topic to explain a solution for this problem
Because part of my name contains the word "reason", it's weird listening to Michael say it so many times.
It sounds like we would need smaller governments to be able to have the ability to actually have these discussions he is talking about.
Why are you so obsessed with theists ?   Get off our 🥜 already   This was science indoctrination video  Explaining away such a big topic in simple terms and does it while showing religious symbols  Clear indoctrination    Science began with theists.
This video is the plot of psychopass
And I will add one more fact to counter Michael's ascertain regarding more severe weather from heating.  To the extent the earths average temperature has been measured to be warming.... this warming has occurred at the poles...in the arctic regions...which by the way is not what was predicted by the climate models....they predict warming in the tropics.  Weather extremes...or weather in general...is partly driven by temperature difference... warm air is more buoyant and lifts up ...cold air is more dense and stays at the surface and drives a wedge underneath...as for example a cold front progressing into warm air can create thunderstorms by forcing itself under and lifting the warm air ahead of it.  This process does also help fuel jet stream induced storm formation.  But to the extent the measured warming of the Earth has occurred at the poles the temperature contrast between the warmer tropical regions and the colder artic regions has Decreased.  So for example tropical storm formation has less contrast...the earth as a whole system has less potential to redistribute warm tropical air to now what is warmer arctic air.  The heat potential has decreased as a whole.... which if you are going to argue that storms on the whole should be more intense because of heating is not in fact supported by the warming of the arctic.  And I am not some anti-science troll.  The climate system is complex and not fully understood and the climate models have over-predicted warming.  The climate system is full of variables that feedback and amplify effects and other variables that dampen out changes to the system to help maintain equilibrium.  These are not easy to model if not fully understood.    Given the warming has been less than modeled over 30 plus years now and is measured not in the tropics but in the arctic clearly the climate models need tweaking.  Analysis of the relationship between CO2 and temperature has been made many times...but not just for the past decades but extending back hundreds of millions of years.  There are techniques in geology and ice core samples and biology that help scientists reconstruct the levels of CO2 and the average temperature over these time spans.  There is no evidence in earths history that a 0.01% change in CO2 has ever been sufficient to impact climate.  As stated in my prior post that is the increase we are dealing with over about the past 120 years of industrialization.  The concentration of CO2 in the atmosphere has increased from 300 parts per million to 400 ppm.  Thats a 100ppm increase which is 10 parts per one hundred thousand....1 part per 10 thousand... a tenth per one thousand... or a hundreth part per 100... that is one hundredths of one percent.... 0.01%.  Yes CO2 is a greenhouse gas but at such a tiny trace increase compared to the primary drivers of climate change which occur without respect to CO2 change such an increase... as supported by the reconstruction mentioned.... is negligible.
Michael, I’d love to watch your reasoning theory put thru a focus group as an exercise in how reasoning can be influenced by the force of personality or more specifically what I have seen in literally every focus group I’ve witnessed called bullying. There’s always a alpha that emerges from the group and by their forcefulness in their opinion can sway the entire group in their opinion. Group think.
I can feel your passion in this video Michael!! Thank you so much
We don’t need to eliminate releasing green house gases necessarily, we need to solve the problem it creates. One solution could be to learn to live with its consequences. We don’t know what they’ll be or the severity of them, saying otherwise is prophecy. Our solutions to problems will always create new ones, that will always be the case. But what happens is that we transform problems into better ones. Fossil fuels allowed us to industrialize and increase the wealth and living standards of billions of people and is what’s allowed us to even have billions of people. Having to deal with our effect on the climate is a better problem than how to provide for and improve the lives of billions of people. If poorer nations, or other nations too, need to use fossil fuels to improve the lives of its people and become wealthier, than they must do so if there’s no better alternative currently. We must keep increasing our wealth to expand our capabilities when it comes to solving problems. Reducing emissions is only one solution, extracting co2 from the atmosphere is one, creating the knowledge to live at higher temperatures another. We will always face threats, even existential threats, and the only tool we have to deal with them is to create knowledge, and to do that we need to make people freer, not restrict their actions. We also need more people.
sometimes, when im flustered and can't sleep i put michael on and its so relaxing to watch and listen to his voice. Considering how much i've learned from this channel i science cause of this channel
Hi, Mati here.  WHERE you get these sick background tunes?
I am a brain. A mush of gray matter. A brain that uses this body of flesh and calcium. A brain that coordinates this treacherous plane of existence.
"Our ability to extend our empathy"  And this video is coming from a partnership with Bill Gates - a man with so much wealth precisely because of his inability to fully extend his empathy.  I'm on board for the message - but god I wish Bill wasn't involved.
2:40 The moment Michael inadvertently proves what a *wise* man he is: he doesn’t mistake reason for logic. “Reason _and_ logic.” 👍🏻
To answer the question as to why logic does not work. We are and everything in the universe is based on a binary system, for everything there is a compliment opposite. Just like the covid shot as much logic explained about how it will save your life , there are people who do not believe so?..?
We are tapped into a  galaxy or earthly mainframe computer, the little mass in our heads which we call brains are just modems. When we sleep dreams are part of the big computer,  the harder you work at thinking the easier it is to solve problems. This is the only way logically any being could explain the amazing feats of intelligence that man has achieved.
The part on politics makes so much sense haha
This guy has come to the correct logical conclusion to our social ills! Lottocracy for all!
I watch the beginning and you are pushing the concept of mind into something it is not...
Don’t you think I didn’t here that Minecraft music In the background!
One of the best YouTube videos I have ever seen. Thank you Michael.
No Michael…
My mind's in my hands😎
Every time I watch one of your videos I’m seriously feeling like 🤯🤯🤯🤯 and I love it. And I’ve been saying this for a while, that we need debate. Healthy debate and discussion. These days it’s just you agree or your an idiot or whatever else. I really like the idea of people chosen at random to decide on big issues. I know politicians only care about whose paying them. How can we make this happen?
That was awesome.
would we able to make wind by a fan in space?
7:54 8:03
whatever happened with this channel... :(
Por favor traduz para o português. Gostaria de saber mais sobre esses exames  tenho trauma dessa máquina  não consigo  fazer exame nela. Tenho pavor..
most people dont even have reasoning and nowadays because anyone dont have reasons i think scietists and expert cant find new things if big people like albert einstine and newton didnt have reason we would not know what they invented
Hey Michael, Just wanna say I am who I am today because I watched your videos all the time in highschool
This constantly changes my life
Future of reasoning is   "This person is of a more oppressed identity. Therefore they are the most right about anything."
We could have been ancients like the Egyptians, but all we gonna be is twerking, tiktok, corona, and sjws *sigh*
Really great ideas on cooperation and governance. I may disagree with thinking emissions are the problem some think they are, but that is okay. But if I may offer another possible explanation for rising temperatures. What do you think of the theory of Planet X (I always dismissed this or didn't care thinking of it as a planet), the theory purports that our solar system is a binary star system and that we just don't see this other star for thousands of years but that it's returning could account for temperatures increasing. Only 15% of solar systems out there are singular star systems. Hopefully I and others are wrong on this or it's gonna suck. Just wanted to inject this, but great video!
Love you
"a frantic blur of flesh and concrete" is my New Years resolution
Maybe the crowd can correctly guess how thick his table is, based on the obscene amount of bending it does whenever he leans on it.
1:30 Festival Walk, Hong Kong!
just get 100 realists to solve all problems
14.10 i do that and most autistic people need to do that too.
Which book is best for studying social theory
This guy just sits there and talk about things I've never thought of
23:05 every single person does this, that is why everyone believes they’re the center of the universe cause no matter what anyone thinks about anything, they’ll think there’s something that they seen or heard that makes it true wether it is or not and i see it every goddamn day
Thank you Michael.
3:50
Lottocracy gang
Elephants are awesome, come on
More than 25% into this video and this dude has said just about exactly *NOTHING*  ... Here is some much more useful information .. and in just a few sentences ... the *SINGLE* greatest danger to human beings on planet Earth is the socially adept psychopath. Follow the teachings of Jesus Christ and life on planet Earth will be immeasurably better. Reason? Use it for this purpose; Let no man deceive you. There is an abundant amount of pollution free energy for all *HUMAN* needs. Socially adept psychopaths have *INSATIABLE* lust for energy.
No one is going to care what happens in the other side of the world global warming will hurt countries that are horrible with human rights like China
But the positive net gain of all that burning of fossil fuels is immeasurable just imagine one cold night outside of your house in December and multiply that times billions just imagine walking to your job everyday x billion all the positives that have been accomplished through the magic of burning fossil fuels how much it has brought us out of the Dark Ages and into the Modern Age of enjoyable life versus misery all those Decades of good life is worth a couple of degrees warmer and a couple of hurricanes if that's what you believe
теперь я больше понимаю Шелдона Купера...
Bullseye!
4:58
Oh so THIS is the Vsauce guy
Summarizing: Open source your reasonings to make them truer
Since you disabled the comments on your "Trolly Experiment " video, please know, that those types of Experiments should never be done on ANYONE OR ANYTHING. No scientists or doctors nor especially ethics committee should EVER APPROVE ANY EXPERIMENT WHICH HARMS ANYONE OR ANYTHING EMOTIONALLY, MENTALLY, PHYSICALLY, SPIRITUALLY OR SEXUALLY EVER. Least of all for scientific curiosity. Anyone who tells you different is evil. You, nor any scientists, doctors or ethics committee can make Experiments like that correct. EVER!. I enjoy your channel, however, if any other human being/s, have the power to make a decision which will harm anyone or anything EMOTIONALLY, MENTALLY, PHYSICALLY, SPIRITUALLY OR SEXUALLY, you don't have the wisdom nor compassion required to make such decisions, nor do governments. No matter how much you paid a university for an $80,000 piece of paper saying you do. Learn something from this. You and everyone, besides the poor souls you tested on, were wrong to do so. Especially anyone who had a worthless phd. that said this was ok. It is not. Hittler had such ethics committees, the people who wiped out the American indigenous had such ethics committees telling them that all that they did in the name of patriotism was correct.... obviously you nor anyone else is capable of making those decisions.... and that y'all did so, is the exact same reasons why you nor anyone else should have that power...... "FOR THE GREATER GOOD?"
I don't think any existing regime of governing is perfect, but I'll say that democracy is the best what we currently have. So when asked what do I think it would be better, it is something that is closest to what is described by the end of this vid. I always say that the real democracy can only exist if all people are participating in making EVERY decision. Naturally, with so many decisions being made every single day, in practice it would be impossible to do it in such way. But closer we would get to that, better society we would become. Another thing that is naturally imposed is the competence of each voater on the subject of voting. So ofcourse, there would have to be a system that would use the database with information on each voater on his/her competences graded by levels (academic level, expirience, sucessfulness of projects...), so when voting on each subject, the system would take in calculation how much weigh would each vote have based on the voater's competence on the matter of a subject. Of course, since this would be happening daily, this system would be ran by secure digital network platform with personal ID profiles of "users" (voters) (filled out with their certified competences by levels), where a transparent algoritam would compute each vote with relative weight into the final result. The best thing about it is that technology for that already exists in secure smartphone apps and digital goverment registries. Only thing it doesn't exist is the goverments will to implement something like that and probably never will, since those few will always want to keep all the control to themselves. Another best thing about it is that people would be voting only on things they're interested about, on what they would be competent of, and ultimately could blame only themselves if not taking the vote.  Imagine, waking up in the morning, checking on today's topic and decisions being made and voted on, and choosing on what you'll vote and how. Getting back the information on how many have voted by now, with all the statistics (how many of competents by their levels and weigh...). Instead of reading if Kim Kardashian's ass has gotten bigger or smaller, or how to make an egg in the way you haven't thought before. Ofcourse, this is only a shell of the idea. Idea itself is much broather and thought thru.
OCD: reasoning with yourself in such a way where it is impossible to reach a conclusion and stressing about it until you seek a professional reasoner that can reason to you on how you can suppress your constant reasoning.
So, about that lottery entry.
Hey Michael, Papillon here! Regarding the "Crowd", have you read Gustave Lebon's "Psychologie des foules"?  His theories are fascinating, frightening and may interest you.
Mind,Thinking,Logic are and may be is the best gift given from God"Allah " to human race
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=GxKz46WcZGU&list=PL56IcDjrf3YJr__TEOJ2UOv3jCzht1_yc&index=56 Click on the “Settings” icon, select “Subtitles/CC,” and then click “Auto Translate.” A list of languages you can translate into will be displayed. Select “English.” You'll see that the subtitles have automatically been translated into English
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zCfMYV7JaAw&list=PL56IcDjrf3YJr__TEOJ2UOv3jCzht1_yc&index=48 Click on the “Settings” icon, select “Subtitles/CC,” and then click “Auto Translate.” A list of languages you can translate into will be displayed. Select “English.” You'll see that the subtitles have automatically been translated into English
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yJKBEKVWfYI&list=PL56IcDjrf3YJr__TEOJ2UOv3jCzht1_yc&index=49 Click on the “Settings” icon, select “Subtitles/CC,” and then click “Auto Translate.” A list of languages you can translate into will be displayed. Select “English.” You'll see that the subtitles have automatically been translated into English
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=raUpM5ZeXSA&list=PL56IcDjrf3YJr__TEOJ2UOv3jCzht1_yc&index=15            Click on the “Settings” icon, select “Subtitles/CC,” and then click “Auto Translate.” A list of languages you can translate into will be displayed. Select “English.” You'll see that the subtitles have automatically been translated into English.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tePvGHNP5Gw&list=PL56IcDjrf3YJr__TEOJ2UOv3jCzht1_yc           Click on the “Settings” icon, select “Subtitles/CC,” and then click “Auto Translate.” A list of languages you can translate into will be displayed. Select “English.” You'll see that the subtitles have automatically been translated into English.
14:20 : High functionning autistic + "gifted" me disagrees. Been working on this for 13 years. I'm still shit. And I still list a good ol' dozen reasons for myself when in such situation.  But I'm an asshole 'cause it ain't the point.^^ Tho I can't find examples right now, I'm sure I'm doing that in a plethora of other situations...  EDIT : And seeing the points made at 17:50, maybe some people might start to understand how social situations can be tiring with such a brain.
14:18 Michael (an empath)
i am in your company for over than 10 years, you have played a significant role in my growth as a person as a reason and as a free man. Now after our long nights and fun in my school years, i filter your thoughts as an independent person. You my friend have created a whole generation of people and strong minds. The Grand lodge of our internet cognitive mind, thats what you are. i dont know if you believe in god but god ive found in your videos long before i even prayed. now a mason i find that this particular video explains the creation of lodges and their democraic function in hierarchy. Thank you, you are giving us a reasn to think for the past and so on decades
Vsauce is the true king of random! But is able to back it all up
Other videos that elicit existential crises make me question the significance of my existence, but this one makes me ponder about the ungraspabble potential that my existence might have.
A video basically trying to tear down the values of enlightenment, ofc its sponsored by bill gates  progressive ideology don't allow truth to be coherent or even exist, to the social constructionists, everything around us is just a matter of human interpretation, everything can be interpreted how you want, there no underlying reality, or fact that ties things down  i.e Bullshit
"What if! " "Or does it? " **Typical vasuce music starts playing**
'preparation for a debate that will never come' is def the most true concept in my mind to describe our mass consumption of one sided information
Ban lobbying and make it a tax. Problem solved. Give equal funding to multiple political parties. This will prevent duopolous political power and favourable policy for corporations (and not for most individuals).   There is no need for a lottocracy with incompetent lay people making misinformed/uninformed decisions, particularly when the coercion of the media is at play. Also, if they were informed by experts, who gets to decide who the expert is? One person (or a minority of people) should not ever be the arbiter of scientific or economic validity.   Also, the best science and economic policy doesn't come from consensus, it comes from the brilliant minds of individuals that clear the way ahead for us, the ones who prove the consensus wrong.
It seems like we are in this together. The internet is an excellent way to strengthen our group rationality.
Just imagine him passing IELTS examination speaking test :)
With all that said (crowds) do come to conclusions which then they reason to be correct for society in some way. I think it's reasonable to think that crowds can be wrong or choose the worse conclusion than a single individual might, we should all reason and examine that popular ideas might prevail only to later reveal to be of unpractical long term use. While unpopular individuals conclusion to not necessarily be wrong.  And there's a minority of people who are very productive and who leave a mark in the world with their work which later might impact crowds of people, who might later reap the practicality of one single individuals conclusion, also likely made by reason put together out of elements of the (crowds) conclusion. I don't believe individuals coming to conclusions alone are wrong if they are not adhereing to crowds conclusions. I might think about what i said more or structure what I said better if somebody has something to say. Maybe there are parts of this video i missed and it wasn't necessary for me to restate what might have already been expressed.
Sounds like the ending of falcon and winter soldier
Micheal is not an elephant, but he is still awesome.
O My Holy shit.. This video struck me especially the last sentence. Chapeau
I wonder what reason Michael used to associate himself with Bill Gates?
In a world ending event where everyone needs to not ignite anything or the earth explodes. Someone will light a cigarette because they don't care
Vsauce sold out to Bill Gates propaganda machine...
I don't really believe Lottocracy would be possible to happen again...
Just absolutely fascinating
Hai
23:10 ish - Technological advancement presses us to find reasons for the accumulated intuitions we must form. So we look to authorities to defend our reasons. - What the...? I mean ... what?? I am oblivious, obviously, to what he says 🙄 can someone tell me what he means?
It is really sad that this channel is not active any more
If aliens ever came to earth, I would want Michael to be their first communication with humans. I would feel safe that way.
Hearing Michael saying  "Or is it ?" Is one of the tens moments in life
We should be feeling instead of reasoning
“Hey Vsauce, Michael here” never gets old as always
Ok now that I've finished the video I can safely say I think you've lost your mind. Corrupted by "reason" haha
But we have forgotten how to communicate with each other.  If most people can't stand other people now; where do we go from here.
"Reasoning is a group activity." 🤔 If you actually believe that you're 🤪. Communism here we come! Groupthink. Smh
Of course...the underlying narrative determines the conclusions derived by the so called "reasoning." You typically have to start with some underlying hypotheses before you can begin conducting your thought experiments.
The flaws are intentional. Thats why most people are and always will be exploited peasants with no real value to humanity.
Is this the preview for the new (💩) dicaprio movie?
Michael and team, thank you for putting so much effort on this. I truly appreciate all the details (subs, links in description, attention to the terms adopted, care for explaining the majority of the concepts, the storytelling... I could go on and on forever). You have made me not only smarter but better positioned to contribute to human flourishing.  You rock. Please keep up bringing these gems to us.
This Video has fundamentally altered my worldview
Lottocracy (demarchy) is very interesting and very difficult   we must also remember that in ancient Athens, they could be executed if they (the people) believed that some person was useless. this was done by voting. very cruel. how many people would be killed now if we could make that vote now? probably a lot  could also give birth to a person useful to society. the same way by voting.
The usual totally upside down brainwashing.  Thanks Bill...
is this an evangelion reference
"Democracy is government of the people, for the people, by the people,  But the people are *retarded."*  - Baghwan Shree Rajneesh
Human thought is so primitive it is looked upon as an infectious disease in the some of the better galaxies.  ~~~ Agent K ~~~
I'm sorry but our urge to provide reasons like in the experiment with the magician or for the questions about our political opinions - at least so i think - there's more to that than a need to explain or to justify our decisions regardless of whether we initially chose the faces or supported certain opinions. these things were designed in a way to show that with a certain kind of question, people make (or don't make) decisions accordingly - like "dumb question - dumb answer".  about the choice of faces:  - there's no real incentive for the test subject to decide for or against a face other than the rules of the game to somehow imagine how the phsyical traits of a face can be better or worse for you to work with a person. so in my opinion the subjects make up some criteria on the fly to help them decide, which can be complicated or random or meaningless. if i had decided to lay out rules for myself like "no blond persons, and if blond, then no men, and if man then... and so on, i would have had a real system for my choice rather than some obscure emotional bias. This question is not your everyday "vegan vs meat", "war or peace"  question but rather something really unexpected ans odd. therefore i think that the subjects are not in a state of having made "real" decisions but try to explain even the things they didn't choose because their process of choice combined with the odd question and similar faces led to a quasi random outcome which it is hard to even know whether you have chiosen something or not.  am i seeing it all wrong? or maybe i don't understand it fully. someone please enlighten me.  Edit: maybe i'm confused about the methodology. i'ts not as if one picture was adolf hitler and the other bill gates. They were similar pictures which makes a decision arbitrary.   thanks
Amazing video!  Thank you so much for this :)  <3
The first 10 minutes of this video gave me grave anxiety. Thank you, I love it!
Debate is often seen as 'conflict', but its natural purpose is to bring people together through an expanded understanding of each side.   Even if they do not agree on a final conclusion, they often understand each other better from the debate or discussion, which leads to greater tolerance and social cohesiveness.   Adaptation is our best path towards survival. Debate is our best form of adaptation.
Vsauce, why did you fail to provide support for your claim that, repeatedly, when guessing how many jellybeans are in a jar, for the individual tests, the average of all guesses is closer to the true value than is the most-accurate guess?
11:27 Vsauce, the term you are looking for is premises, not assumptions.
Vsauce, can you ever remain focused? Why do you always venture off on long tangents?  Focus, boy, focus.
Our minds are not made of wood, or stone, or steel.  Stop being silly, Vsauce.
I had to make a decision when buying a car for the same price, but one of them had more features but smaller engine, the other one had basic features but twice as powerfull. I wanted more powerfull car because features isn't my priority  so i bought it. But of course then all of my friends complaining about that my car has no features and all that. But I don't give a shit, I'm not socializing, I made reasoning that now I can gap all of my friends like nothing.
God I love this channel.
I think the little cosmic turtle copied from this video a little
We all had the same science teacher growing up
Sulfur dioxide is an electrically lopsided molecule but it actually reflects radiation and cools the earth from the atmosphere. So I don’t think the statement at 3 min is entirely true
“A person should not believe in an ism, he should believe in himself” - Ferris Bueller
death is knocking very softly in our lives planet 🌍 is dying slowly each day and quickly in space time 👋 bye bye people farewell in advance
Although I love the idea of a lottocracy in theory, I do not know how it should be realisticaly implemented.  Will there be a plenary of people for an chosen time, or for one big decicion (maybe even hyperobject)?  How many people should be chosen? What does the decicion making process look like and how long doest it take to educate the randomly chosen on the subject? Isnt the way they are informed about the subject a way of influencing their view of the problem and thus their decions making?   One of your best videos so far. I feel like I have learned a lot. I will check it out again in a few days to refresh my memory.
What's the difference between Vsauce and Veritasium?
Ayyy the theory of the extended self! Michael would be a good philosopher.
This is one of my favorite Vsacue videos!
What about the people who do reason unlike the way u say they don’t for instance seeing a person angry and immediately thinking of what inferences is giving off that information
Michael's body language is so active and engaging that listening deeply is a breeze. His tone of speech is explosive and interesting to say at least. It really comes to simple things in regards of delivering the message.
Me: nice cuddle, don't hump  My brain: 3:00
Vsauce just scared tf outta me
No one can get me thinking like this man
I try to be more skeptical of my own conclusions because they are my own, but I'm not entirely sure this is a good idea.
I hope nobody decides to "bring me back", don't want to deal with life all over again.
Absolutely amazing
I feel dumb,I wish I wasn't human
Fake ass climate change bullshit
Does the window need to be so big:…yes Do we need such a large room for one window:…yes Do weed need to put lights on the window that brings in light?:….. absolutely
Thank you Michael for existing
this video is acutally really F-ing cool
Natural disasters are down, not up. The narrative is bunk.
This is what the houses of congress were supposed to be able to do.  Using todays state of the art communications the idea of a world consciousness is possible. Advertising Agencies have funded and drive some amazing research! 🦊 ~
People are inherently selfish and focused on what’s happening right now, not in the future… It’s sad but true.
We should show the US government this video and maybe they will start making better decisions and stop blackmailing or lobbying their bad ideas into existence. Edit I had no idea that Michael  was going to mention a new way to make a government that isn’t so contradictory. Instead of a government buy the people for the people it would be a people government.
Deliberation done by people chosen at random?   We know exactly how this works.  It's called a jury.  Sad this was a Bill Gates sponsored message about climate change though.  I think when we concentrate on emissions  as the be-all end-all for the environment, we can't see the forest for the trees.
Hey V sauce! Ausom stufff
Bill gates huh.... unsub. Thanks
thank you for showing. kudos. I sincerely appreciate you. and all you do.
what  is truth?  I am not god, but whether or not he exists, I'm no dummy, when it all comes down to it. I"m gonna be on his side...so,,,might as well be proactive about it. love is love, god is god. and vsauce michael there and me..im here. together we make the teaching. you can teach, or i can .what does it matter who knows more? the whole reason we are here is to discover each other. and love keeps that going much better, than war.
Man, ABC BURGERS better pay Michael for that advertisement. Give him some coupons or something.
We need to release more carbon dioxide, the plants are starving for it.
Where is my mind? Way out in the water somewhere, swimmin'
does this also follow that dolphins and orcas reason as well?
0:43 Cope
bueno, armamos un foro??
#michaelstevensforworldleader
i really canʼt believe it. michaelʼs just 35? he has been producing quality videos for several years now. he was like 25 when he started vsauce. wow.
2:00 that’s where my brain is
Too bad so many decisions are given to whoever has the most money.  Even though that is only based on luck and your starting position in life.
We are fucked.  Too many people don't give a shit or are brainwashed to believe nothing is happening.
The Pre frontal Cortex is insane , Because it does not realize its biological in nature  And because it can delude itself into thinking it is SEPERATE from biology and does not need biology It should be ignored almost always Otherwise in its delusion it will surround itself with DEAD things, that are not biologically alive  And will eventually kill itself because it simply does not understand or comprehend that it is biological in nature Basically the Pre Frontal cortex is very very broken , and only should be used as a tool  The pre frontal cortex can be tricked into thinking it is individual in nature  Where its obvious to all who enquire that there is no individuality ,  There is no separation  If you were individual you would be dead and would never have lived  Biology is far far more important than any reasoning ever
Brain evolves slow but the fruits of it change rapidly. True, but only from our everyday small point of view :-)
reasoning has no future. postmodernism has killed it.
There couldve been two different Mary’s 🤷🏼‍♂️
12:38 - 13:57 Whoa!
10:09 - 10:56 Just Awesome!
i love the fact that more concrete was installed out side the us in two decades than the entire 20th century. like no shit haha globally the us is the minority ??!!
Very interesting ruined by that noise in the background.  Turned off halfway through.
thinking of us as ancients, "judged" by the future human kind... nothing good come in my mind.
Hey vsauce. I remember your videos from 2011 have watched ever since. I remember i was in my teens and would smoke weed and get to watching these vids haha. Learning cool stuff i wouldnt in school And they have been very helpful   Thanks bro.
Micheal wants to create soviets
Extinction Rebellion calls for Citizens' Assemblies which is pretty close to the lottocracy that you describe at the end.
You lost me at bill gates,he is the problem.
I really enjoy the content and questions you leave me with! Particularly in this video, I may not agree with everything but in a lot of ways this content helps me grow stronger in my Catholic Faith, I thank God for your existence! God bless you 😊 keep up the amazing work!
For a second there I thought this was an Aperture video
“Never question government sources, never do your own research, never do anything other than what your oligarchical betters tell you to do, and reasoning doesn’t exist at all, so you can’t do it, so don’t try.”  Mhmm, great job. You’ll forgive me for “proving you right” by rejecting offhand your objectively false statements and continuing to operate based on objective truth, rather than your demonstrably, quantitatively, and qualitatively false narrative. But I’m going to do that instead of support the redistribution of all wealth to the entire world and the destruction of industrial society. Again, you’ll have to be the one to forgive me, because I’m not sorry and I’ve done nothing wrong by standing against this clinical psychosis.
This is why capitalism is great. A free market isn't controlled by a powerful few. (Note I said a FREE market, which we currently do not have). A price is set by supply and demand. The average price for something is what the world has collectively agreed the product in question is worth. If the price for something is too high, you won't buy it. If enough people don't buy it, the company is forced to lower its prices or go out of business - either way, the excessively high price will be removed. If the price is too low, people will buy out all the supply very quickly causing a shortage. The shortage will cause prices to rise due to unmet demand. We all vote with our dollars, and every vote counts. We voted to "elect" Jeff Bezos as a billionaire by buying his product because we found it so beneficial to us.
JFC, I’m trying to see if you are getting to a point on this rant, and I’m 5 minutes in.
The lottocracy doesn't seem like a bad idea, especially at the local level, maybe the house too.   I just picture an interesting dynamic where some regular guy who works doing something like contruction work being "in office"  as the "big wigs" and "well to do" people are all in his grill trying to push their agendas... it might not be a bad idea but then again you do want some positions  filled by "the best of the best" as in based on merit.
Временами бывает приятно посмотреть видео Майкла, но явно не тогда, когда он в содружестве с людоедом Гейтсом начинает загонять мальтузианскую анти-человеческую поеботину про перенаселение. Спасибо, висос, про гипер-объекты я почитаю сам, без добавки в виде сказок про миллиарды тонн человеческого пердежа, от которых тают ледники.
for some odd reason Vsauce makes me motivated to study
A lottocracy would do a lot to eliminate the lies and corruption of big governments
I used to be sharp, 140 iq, until I needed heavy chemo, and now I can't understand the simplest concepts.  I'm very embarrassed to ask this, but how do we conclude that Mary is married from the limited inferences given?  I can't concentrate on the rest of the video because of this.  I apologize.  Please be kind.  (I did beat the cancer, though, with surgery and radiation as well.  Chemo really sucks for the mind.  Don't think I'd do it again)
14:14 "when you notice someone's upset you don't consciously think .... blah blah.... these are all reasons to conclude that they are upset"  me, autistic: yes i actually do p much 😭😭
Conspiracy theorists:  "Bill Gates is trying to take control of the world!"  Conspiracy theorists after watching Vsause:  *Confused science noises*
actually he was just sitting ther maked himself invisible for 3 secs
0:03 seconds vsauce just teleported
And then nothing but tictok shorts after this. Way to prove a point.
some folks who need to hear this may be put off by the mention of Bill Gates , but they are not reasonable , I hope its not just preaching to the choir in that regard
As someone who's had to write persuasive papers for 6 years in a row,  if they do develop a lottocracy, they better effing keep anyone from modifying the rules of conduct because chances are they'll get stricter & stricter until it's too late.
The acid hit just right for this one I feel u Michael
So what does this video make Sherlock Holmes?
I like the socialist undertone of solutions to global problems.
schinken                                         trueffel
GREED. THIS IS THE PROBLEM
I love watching Vsauce even though I frequently disagree with his viewpoints. His evolutionary presuppositions taint his conclusions on every subject. But I guess I don't need to go into reason why I believe this. Let me ask you this (anyone reading my comment) what if the Hive Mind is intrinsically broken and therefore wrong on these ultimate decisions? When I observe the tangible world around me I can't help but feel and know it is broken in almost every way possible and ultimately breaking more. So - go ahead and trust Bill Gates and your hope of a technological savior...but I would be remiss if I didn't invite you into a paradigm shift: The world was created and we were given these incredible minds as a gift. But part of that gift was autonomy which leads to misuse. Another clear observation any of us can make is the law of diminishing returns and when you really stand back and look at civilization - it's devolving.
1:58 *POV* : _Giving out confused Vsauce viewer cries, bc the moonmen song is gone_
Awesomometer 🤣
is this from copying the answers from the back of a text book, and then work out reasoning
I still can’t understand half of the things he’s saying   But what is a thing?
Vsauce please read the Quran
It’s good to know that according to Aristotle, I live in an oligarchy, sweet.
A lottocracy is introverts worst nightmare. Im joking, that sounds awesome if not the government and politicians would never allow that.  Also if im elected by a lottocracy I would deliberately  make the worst decision on the matter.
I get it, about climate and stuff... It needs to start somewhere, but it is not individuals who make the change, its corporations governments, which are really hard to convince to act differently
Michael is a more relevant source of science, philosophy, and history than the public education system.
REASON HAS MOONS    but moons not hers lie mirrored on her sea.       CONFUSING her astronomers but OH delighting me.    H BELLOC?
I see a problem with this lottacracy theory. The part about learning from experts. Now, how would you choose those experts? It can be an area of expertese, their knowledge level, their prestige... But wouldn't that come down to those same old methods of choosing the leader? You could choose them randomly, but then they could be mismatched by their level of informness. And then, how would the end jury come to a decision? In court there isn't many options they should choose, but in such a wide topic as climate change, there could be hundreds of potential solutions, how would you come to a single decision with that? You could give them a small list of potential solutions, but then again comes the problem of deciding which solutions to include.
https://www.youtube.com/playlist?list=PL5QBJoAMBggI-w6LpY-yP0GK21exst92G
I love the use of the mouthpiece that is a popular Youtube channel for something as good as this, with no adverts as well. It's like Last Week Tonight, but for saving the world.
If there was ever a video inspiring unbiased debate, this was it.
0:55 .... Not on twitter you wont
This is a masterpiece.
Man, I wish I could just have a conversation with you. 😂
The little mouth noise 9:20
Once upon a time Vsauce and christopher nolan went for a drink together And now we have TENET 😜
Now playing “Where is my Mind” by the Pixies
This feels like something I'd only be able to understand in the shower.
oel
20:12 reasoning is group activity.  I guess the world is not peaceful because everybody is not in the group
everyone doesn't have to be rational, we just need everyone to form everyone's law for order. Just join the everyone's club
This video was great. You are an inspiration I want to give back by lending my thoughts I've come across. Big respect for any Vsauce staff that helped out in this video. You have a brilliant mind. Can I borrow some of it???🤣
For some reason this video reminds me of the book Ishmael by Daniel Quinn...
6:26 what is that?
This might be my favorite vsauce video ❤️
Glad the comment section is turned on.
And yet, China exist...
It's always good to watch Michael talking about how the SYSTEM works.
Fucking phenomenal video. Going to tell everyone I know about it.
You lost me at Bill Gates. Damn him and his minions.
understand that when u are teaching or informing or speaking, people around u are rarely gonan feel what you feel, so its IMPORTANT that you speak in a way where u can bring every time of zone of feeling into urs, wether its motivation, surprising or ammazed, using music, certain information, or a thought proccess, and giving value to thigns making others want to value them also...  is one of the things i learned from this video
Uninteresting
What I don't like about social theory of reasoning is the expectation to publicly give reasons and/or defending your answers.  I think you get the most honest answers, suggestions or decisions when they are anonymous or at least asked by a third party that has no bias either way.  When people give in to herd mentality then social theory loses its credibility and starts to fall apart.  I hate the societal norm that people ask and are expected to give an answer to who they voted for in elections.  I think it pressures people to follow who they think is the herd (be it family, friends etc.) and sometimes vote in a way they normally wouldn't have.  But I also think that lobbyists and cold-calling people to pressure them to vote a certain way should,'t be allowed either so maybe I'm a weirdo
Bro I need the song at the intro
10:27 SHES CHEATING ON HIM
I would like to ask us Hegels theory on how the whole makes the individual better or is Kiekegards theory on individualsim or how the individual makes the whole. What do you think
0:31 omg samsung
New video every 3 months I cant complain they are great but what about a 10 min every month?😞😞
but y tho
ITS THE BEST THING  IN THE WORLD caps lock or is is
34500
Is good enough an opinion?
br3athe 1n th3 4ir
no clue what he said but woah
we give reasons to make conclusions not for conclusions bruuuh
Spend your time wisely humans
bro you’re videos are actually so interesting
Imagine doing shrooms with this guy
At this point I'm only rematching these videos to fall asleep
When he said " it's almost as if we have this inherent nature about us that causes us  to fail, and go against, or how we can't all agree."   This same "reasoning" has been around forever and is taught in many ways. Same idea different wording, biblically speaking they call this behavior "sin" that we change the world, build advanced civilizations, yet, we cannot run from this truth deep within our own being.   We were created, and so we create. But all things come to and end, no matter how we package it. Our thoughts and imaginations (if if they last a thousand years, or out last our life spans and bleed into another's) will fall apart, and we'll start all over again.   Histo y has taught us this, as of right now we are the greatest. So we're blind to our own ruin, or think we are so advanced we can out think and continue to be many moves ahead of the game.   But eventually, the great innovative minds will die off, and our own primal animalistic nature will win and everything will come to and end.   Stay prayed up, if we don't believe in something greater then we are doomed to trust in the eclipsing logic and reasoning until everyone wants to do what's right for themselves.
If you don't spend more time on thinking about things that don't make sense to you, you're ignoring that the input data could be biased already.  Or simply reflect on something else than you think it does. So confirmation bias is an inevitable side effect of that.  The communication argument is not false. But an argument is only ever as good as the reality it projects.
Michael = OP at making, posting and editing videos'.
Michael concerned about the consequences of industrial society 🤔
I forgot how much I absolutely love Vsauce
in lottocracy, coup would be legitimate as the only way out possible.
Reasons don't drive the world...money and greed do. Reasons are just dashboard.
I should decide to unlike this video after clicking on like...for no reason...
Me in future : Hello reasoning!!!!!!!!!!
you made how to basic
rowan keigher ok
You lost me at Bill Gates ..... you don't want to reason into that being ok.
My work had a jar of jelly beans that had several thousand in it, I was shocked to hear some people's guesses. There were people dead serious who looked at it and said "wow there's gotta be over a hundred there"
Me having autism watching this video: But what if I said I did have to notice all these things to function on an equal level
If life just was all about being human. Is it natural to have rights to be human? Does planetary leadership mean human leadership and how natural is human leadership. Do we expect another planet to be waiting for us?! Linkin park - Leave out all the rest.. I dreamed I was missing You were so scared But no one would listen Cause no one else cared After my dreaming I woke with this fear What am I leaving When I'm done here? So, if you're asking me, I want you to know When my time comes Forget the wrong that I've done Help me leave behind some reasons to be missed And don't resent me And when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory Leave out all the rest Leave out all the rest Don't be afraid I've taken my beating I've shared what I've made I'm strong on the surface Not all the way through I've never been perfect But neither have you So, if you're asking me, I want you to know When my time comes Forget the wrong that I've done Help me leave behind some reasons to be missed And don't resent me And when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory Leave out all the rest Leave out all the rest Forgetting All the hurt inside you've learned to hide so well Pretending Someone else can come and save me from myself I can't be who you are When my time comes Forget the wrong that I've done Help me leave behind some reasons to be missed And don't resent me And when you're feeling empty Keep me in your memory Leave out all the rest Leave out all the rest Forgetting All the hurt inside you've learned to hide so well Pretending Someone else can come and save me from myself I can't be who you are I can't be who you are
Why this video exist 👉https://youtu.be/pjhsEQxVpRk
Hyperobject not obect
It's hard to understand why someone dislikes vsauce  Because then I think there is a huge amount to content to be disliked in youtube
probably the best channel youtube ever had
The theory that this was developed for communication and not individual understanding implies something interesting: I think the smartest people have conversations with themselves to argue their way to a better understanding of topics.
I love the topic of this video and what you can learn from it!
I wanna smoke with this guy
I salute your determination bro! 17M followers watching and paying attention to things you say - +5% probability of us reaching bifurcation, before we destroy the habitat. but you got this one bias - anthropocentrism. isn't it obvious that we are not the culmination of evolution???? us, homo sapiens kind. although we seem to be going to be the last in evolution chain, current iteration of it - because we are on the brink of REvolution, major extinction event. if evolution continues on this planet - we will not be "ancients" for our successors. we will be more like pets for them. and we better submit to the latter option if we wanna witness the Future.
Bless you
Watch Jason Gregory’s The Art of Effortless Living (Taoist Documentary) here on Youtube. We don’t need a new form of Government to fix our planet. We need liberation from manmade orders such as Government, and only then will True order arise. An order that is in synchrony with Nature.
dude
I love you Michael
Hiugkuyg
I think smart people should be in charge, not a random selection of people
So cool to see that my research is changing the world. Love you VSauce! My god isn’t a dead fish 😊   -Lucy Alice Nox
POV: the video is getting good ~5:47
I love that you shone a spotlight on sortition (selection by lottery)! It is a great thing
Thanks for adding music in the background so I’ll keep watching this.
First 10 seconds and I'm already confused.
4:28
"Hey, VSauce, Michael here. I am not an elephant."
sad at what you become, but not surprised. They showed you big bucks and you sellout and subtly pass the agenda to push us into dystopia. People like you are aiding the coming meat inflation. Bill Gates is buying up all the farms in America, cutting our meat supply. Even though nearly all emissions come from China. There is something much larger at stake. "Randoms are picked listen to """researchers""" and come to a conclusion" LOL You aren't even trying to hide the real motive.
Well, nice
this video is awesome.
Hi!! 👋
I’m sorry
☻︎
Um, no.  We did not make storms worse.  But, I digress, and forgot what channel I'm on.
I know the answer to hard maths questions and I have no idea how I get to the number instantly I'm bad at maths
This is kinda why we can't do away w all the isms huh.. they're stuck in everything
Micheal, hi, vsauce here. What is ignorance and is it bliss
Why anyone unlike Vsauce knowledge videos? I don't understand this!
This is one of those rare videos that should have a permanent slot at the top of everyone's recommended section on youtube
6es. Has flaunted so Mary is unmarried there works
Sooooo The hardest problem to solve is stopping a massive asteroid from hitting earth... I think we should figure that out before climate change cause its not gonna matter one little bit if a 10 mile meteor hits us.  Watch Age of Ultron.
16:25 Humans are not venomous... clearly hasn't learned about my exes' species.
Was that a planimeter at the start in the pile of things you use to plan?
Hey! VSauce Michel here, where are youre fingers?      Sorry for typing youre name wrong
Incredible inferences here michael!
i hope you'll change the world
I lean conservatively and I am a strong skeptic of climate change, and I can absolutely have that discussion and defend my position scientifically, but as I listened to more and more of this, I kind of agree with what Michael is saying in general and it's a problem with people in general and we all have our biases and even the best efforts will never eliminate things like confirmation bias.  The jellybean example was great because you learn that in grade school in that the average guess is better than a vast majority of other guesses.    Randomly chosen leaders was what ancient Athens did as they repeatedly ran into problems with oligarchy, then democracy with politicians.  Eventually they segmented people into tiny groups and made it their responsibility to deliberate on issues, people who were voted into office, and bureaucrats were randomly chosen from the population.  Their legislative body everyone had a turn at power and the terms were very short.   If you look at how governments form and evolve, though, it seems like there's always a glitch in the "everyone has a say" system.  People try various versions of democratic governance, then someone with genuine expertise and competence comes and produces what people are looking for.  A system gets designed around this person, often with them either as a dictator or with an extreme amount of power, and then less and less competent people obtain power over time under the same system.  Think back to the American founders which were incredibly great policy makers and built enduring systems, and then compare it to what we have today with incompetent politicians who are vulnerable to special interests.
The topic here aged badly after your do chairs exist video, great reasoning.
Sad to see Michael sell out like this.
some delicious irony in having this video sponsored by the guy who almost singlehandedly blocked COVID vaccines for developing countries. "that's why we don't leave big decisions to single persons" indeed...
Great video.  Thank you for that.  The background music was distracting.
I love Reason, its my favourite DAW.
"when someone's upset, you don't consciously think...(explains complex detailed facial gestures associated with being upset)" some of us do Michael and our ability to get along in the world is entirely associated with how much cognitive reserve we have to fuel aperception - primarily because we live in a time that discourages knowledge of/ incorporation of different cognitive styles and punishes sincere empathy with others.
my brain hurts
Where is my mind, where is my mind
The Pixies have been wondering where their mind is since 1988.
For the message of the cross is foolishness to those who are perishing, but to us who are being saved it is the power of God. For it is written: “I will destroy the wisdom of the wise, And bring to nothing the understanding of the prudent.” Where is the wise? Where is the scribe? Where is the disputer of this age? Has not God made foolish the wisdom of this world? For since, in the wisdom of God, the world through wisdom did not know God, it pleased God through the foolishness of the message preached to save those who believe. 1Co 1:18‭-‬21
this video gave me another reason to live
if michael ever retires from youtube, i want him to be a politician.
So I was just thinking about this the other day when we were being informed of where the negotiations for the reconciliation bill are at. It struck me that it might be a food idea to have an open line for the public to be aware and involved in these negotiations.
Thank you for contributing to a better world. a video at a time.
I think "always on" communal relays are more important than meetings and specific days for deliberation. Ants do it, Bees do it.... even Siphonophores in the seas do it...
In all this talk of automation, I don't think the bureaucrats realize their jobs may be the easiest ones to replace.
The hive mind isn't as scary as it's often portrayed in distopian fiction. You are ALREADY adapting towards your specialized function within the collective... by choice (if such a thing exists). Are you a blob of homogenous cells? Not at all, even though all your cells are genetically very similar, their expression and participation in sophiticated structures is quite diverse. Homogenization of expression is only evident in the most primitive iteration of superorganismal evolution. The efficieny gained from collective effort is precisely what ALLOWS individuals to be more diverse! We are coverging on a self-organizing principal that will replace our present notions of governance. It is neither communism, socialism, nor some form of top down hierarchy, elected or otherwise. Technology is bringing us to a point where we no longer need representation, we will be able to aggergate our opinions without a human overseer to evade the consensus. What if we voted on ideas, instead of people to make decisions for us?
Reasoneen.  What is Vsauce's accent?
eeeeh eeeeeh took almost 2 minutes, but he did it! He said the thing!
Yeah… jury’s ain’t chosen randomly
I like the idea of random public citizens performing a serious debate on important topics; a uniting of minds to form a greater will. Then again, I also talk to random people and wonder why... just why? Like the profound idiocy, selfishness, arrogance, and lack of foresight is appalling. Not just that, but they're PROUD! They consciously enjoy the negativity that they leave in their wake. It's very much a phenomenon right now that people would agree to just about anything if it meant they could spite "the enemy", whoever that is for them. Like not to get to deep in the political weeds but truly I wonder if people are voting for causes just because it means others are forced to be as miserable as them. A sort of social chemo? I just am feeling very doomer right now I don't know guys.
Your brain is controlling a skeleton mech that is armored with flesh ;-; WHAT THE FUC-
Usually people act out of self interest even when their kind
A!!!!
Please talk to Joe Biden
loved it. and the music choice is so good
How do we learn? Struggle, suffering, pain, etc. Nature's resistance.
ABC mainittu. Torilla tavataan.
When a person is upset, I do consciously think these things- I can't tell how a person is feeling just by looking at them, i need to conciously recognize these things and think about it to know how a person feels (another way to put it is pretty much no empathy =\ )- intuition is just reasoning that we don't understand.  My mind is wherever I'm thinking about. At the time of this comment my mind is these words.
The 'reason' human issues seem non-logical is not because a logic doesn't exist to it but that the logic of the concept of VALUE is itself relative. If we are seeking a practical resolution among ourselves that aims for everyone to be satisfied, the 'satisfaction' is not able to be achievable in all cases because evolution doesn't favor universal satisfaction but is based on one's individual favor. Obviously, 'favor' too is just a relative term but could also be defined as based upon what one's personal emotional or physical satisfaction is on a chemical level.
Best teacher on the planet
I think a huge problem is not reasoning but being overly pride, so much so that we tell the truth as clear as day,yet the person may see it yet still denies it and whose actions reflect such denial.  There is great humbleness in saying I. ‘I was wrong even greater humbleness in I saying “I don’t agree but I trust that you are right.’  Then again overly humble can be a problem too.
I mean...  Micheal 'IS' Awesome
In the spirit of this video I really would like to hear what people who disliked it had to say. However, as we all know, it's very hard to find disagreeing comments in Youtube because the system inherently pushes the ones that are most agreed upon, and obviously the bias here is that only people who actually like vsauce watch these videos.   Food for thought. Someone has already made this comment before me, I bet.
You make a very good point about how the internet makes us more aware of things we need to have opinions on. If the internet didn't exist would I know about and have an opinion about fracking? Probably not. I do have an opinion, and it is based pretty much solely on the opinions of science educators on YouTube. I hope and trust that they're a good resource to base my opinions on, but is it any more logical than someone else relying on fox news to tell them how to feel?
vegans: Did someone say.... Tofu? 😏😏
Can't believe you didn't mention the Theory of Communicative Action.
Muchael, any thoughts on Corey Good’s experiences ?! Lol
"They'll look back at out time and say, Hey, let's bring them all back to life."  This was so heart touching.!!
"We will someday be the ancients" Beautiful
Michael is awesome. Elephants are awesome. Therefore, elephants are Michael.
Survive
You think people need to work together in order to ensure our survival?  Good luck! You ever spent any time in rush hour traffic?  Humans are the plague of the earth.
Touching 👌
Thank you for the nab at all the dumbasses who think they’re smart with the line “but it also makes it easy to find places where everyone believes what you do” *stares at camera intensely*
He dont miss
I really like the term 'extelligence' (thank you, science of discworld). It is very similar to Mikey's description of the mind, but includes the cultural aspect of it...
I will bear the weight of the decisions
23:55 like in the news? if you are popular then you must be right even if its stupid or dosent make any sens!?
none of us fully remember when michael was still sane this includes him now i fear he's gone too far into the deep end his sanity levels have gone so low that they may as well be completely negative
as I pause the video at the 2:53 mark, I just want to say taht my wife often said that our morality is way behind what it should be compared to our technological advance and it does make a lot of sens with the last sentence Michael said just before I write this...
one day, WE will be the ancients
Few persons realize that humans are the best (fastest) land (or at least the second best land) animal to travel great distances over several days (and nights). We can outrun any animal/mammal (except perhaps the camel in certain circumstances). This is how some south west african populations hunt mammals larger than humans. They relentlessly follow/track animals for 18 hours or more per day, not allowing their intended prey to eat or drink until said prey is helplessly weak and then they simply walk up to the animal and kill it with stabbing sticks. They cut corners that their prey is unable to cut (Think climbing cliffs that their prey cannot (camels) or driving and directing herds over cliff tops. They adopt many of  the techniques of wild dogs (the most successful hunting animals after humans) Furthermore humans can build traps, or pre-restrict access to certain routes of escape. Human hunters can carry water and prepared meals that last them several days while not allowing their prey access to sustenance. They can restrict rivers, bays etc making fish limited in their swimming choices. They can "drug" the water. Humans can and do hunt in packs (which lions and wild dogs are among the few examples of land mammals that do similarly so). Humans can carry and eat partially predigested (cooked and thus sterilized) food. On coastlines humans will run into the water to avoid marauding land mammals and vice versa. They will collect and eat very nutritious coastal rock bound animals. They wear clothing suitable for their climate and seasons. Humans are not weak helpless mammals. They are the best (most successful) animals on this (and other) planetary bodies  that we know of.)
lottocracy what an awesome idea may be just the thing to replace the idiota-cracy not even sure if that is a word whta it works for me
The sad part about the way he talks about us saving the planet from climate change and the ramifications it would require is that the vast majority of people automatically think “oh the solution is easy just do exactly what I think is the right thing” and more often than not it won’t affect them and completely ignores how it will affect others
This all just makes too much sense to be reasonable...
Wow i cant believe a vsauce video could made me think about how much I gotta work on myself and how much extra room I have to be better as a person, it makes me feel more unified with being, does that make sense to anyone?
This has got to be the best video Vsauce ever uploaded. It brilliantly tackles modern problems and puts a philosophical spin on them, all mixed in with a call to change everyday policies of discussion for the better. This video is an inspiration to all, and could genuinely help civilizations now and in the far, far future.
Nice ideas but governing as jury duty???
I could feel my brain capacity expanding after watching this video! Couldn't have imagined approaching an already abstract topic with soooo many perspectives!
1:56 — No. That is not what Reason leads to necessarily; Marx famously pointed this out. Instrumental Reason, for example, has the power to destroy humanity! & Not limited to just Economics... Another person who famously pointed out the flaws of Instrumental Reason—Stanley Kubrick, w/Dr. Stragelove. It's a fantastic film, even today; I highly recommend it!
Yes to National Deliberation Day!
one of my new favorite videos. so much is said here that people should think about more often
i need an awesomeometer some day
joya de video
So, are we just going to ignore that he got his own logic puzzle wrong? The correct answer is "not enought information". Since nowhere is the qestion is it stated that we are talking about "only" 3 people. And that the first time mentioned Mary is the same Mary as second time mentioned Mary. Same for Poul and Peter.  And yes, I know that I am spitting hair, but thats kinda the ideer behind logic puzzles. To make you question your presumptions ^^
Sorry, I don't buy many of the arguments. You completely ignored a very essential issue here called social pressure. It is extremely naive to honestly think open, transparent deliberation would lead to the best results. This implies the faulty and strange idea of everyone being honest. This kind of deliberation would only work if everyone could be sure of and would safely express their opinion. But when is that truly the case? The felt freedom of spech is declining constantly, opinion corridors ore growing tighter and tighter. Hence, this deliberation is doomed to fail from the start. Additionally, there are plenty of examples from the past that clearly show that it was not deliberating crowds which brought humanity forward but a very few "lone thinkers" that were able to convince huge crowds. So basically you turned the facts upside down on this. For example, enlightenment didn't proceed because of the many but because of a few. And also, I don't think many physicists initially agreed with Einstein. He was a lone wolf and had a hard time convincing everyone of his ideas. The list goes on and on. If deliberation of crowds was key, we'd still be burning witches or carving stones.
This is literally one of the best videos on this website. Broadcast this on every screen in the world
24:48
Whoever name’s MICHAEL (You are), Trevor, and Franklin gets wasted
Vsauce = gta v wasted
These videos are timeless
With  your feet on the air and your head on the ground just try this trick and spin it yeah your head will collapse if there's nothing in it and you'll yourself, where is my mind? where is my mind? where is my mind? Way out in the water, see it swimming? I was swimming in the Caribbean animals were hiding behind the rock except the little fish bump into me swear he's trying to talk to me say wait, where is my mind. where is my mind? where is my mind?
So, is there a movement to this approach to global warming? I want to join. Diálogo is very importan and so is action.
Why would you dislike this!? Why??
People certainly don't think the billionaires or scientists are going to come to the rescue. They just know that they are going to make whatever decisions they want anyway.
Watching vsauce high is really a life changer
I want future generations of beings that we might take part in evolving to look back and be proud of where they came from.  I hope my name doesn't foresee the future lol
21:05 this is kind of what i wanted twitter to be
The Chinese dictator: Yea... I dont know so
This is so beautiful, Michael.
Disliked for endorsing Bill Gates, fairly ironic in a video about reasoning.
Hey you.
how are you
Can I like a video more than once
dude just takes the most basic shit and explains it in the most complex way possible
You solve a problem when it is a problem. If you try to solve a problem that is only perceived as a future problem you are just being religious.
Thank you.
More like this!!! More like this!!! More like this!!!
This growth means that the quality of life around the world is rising... Or is it? Guess that all depends on what you consider "quality of life"? Personally, coming from a very rural area of Michigan, on a property of 28 acres of land, having sheep, cows, horses, chickens, goats and pigs, as well as a nice chunk of land dedicated to produce, we were quite self sufficient if we wanted to be. Now, living in Ann Arbor, going to UM, I don't find the quality of life in the city nearly as "quality" as back home. Venturing in to Detroit further cemented my opinion on the matter. The concrete jungle sucks! Drugs, poverty, piss smelling streets, gangs, homicide, the heat and humidity, etc... Quality of life my ass! It's a cesspool of despair.
People don’t even agree on logic
in Switzerland we have direct democracy
Good grief, the subtitles need fixing. Maybe the subtitles were the script and not exactly what Micheal said?  At least the message is the same, just the wording is sometimes different.  Still, having subtitles is a nice touch!
Some of the most valuable information out there in the internet
In the lottery government, who is doing the "educating". Do these people have special interests? If there are no elections for these people then there is nothing holding them accountable. And who performs the lottery, selects the debate topics, and implements the decisions? When there are billions of dollars at stake, we cannot assume that these actions would go uninfluenced. And the social repercussions of coming to an opposing decision to your peers would be large. How would we trust that the only influence on the decision of an individual would be the opinions of those who are educated alongside him in the lottery debate room. Outside influences who are not educated on the debate topic would weigh just as much if not more than the influence of the dozen strangers randomly selected to discuss with. There would be no way to ensure that 300 million Americans would all accept the decision of a dozen "randomly" chosen participants, "educated" by the government, and certainly not 7 billion people worldwide if this government was implemented globally. Perhaps this form of government would function on a local scale, like the city-state of Athens, but not on a national scale or a global scale.
Damn let's overthrow the government and actually have a real democracy
I’ll tell ya… and I just gotta say it where I can. Bill gates was on Epstein’s island and was heavily implied by his ex wife that Bill likely indulged in that disgusting and barbaric activity on said island.  Long time fan but damn, that sours the mood every time I think of that. And the fact it wasn’t a week of headlines is a damned shame.
Better be careful Michael, people tend to get yelled at, cancelled, or worse when they try to tell others that the quality of human life on the planet is rising rapidly. Even though its extremely obvious to anyone who looks.
I thought he was gonna say "hey VSauce Michael here, where are your fingers?"
It’s way too late at night for me to mentally process this video lol.
Globalist funding. Yay. 👎🏻
Why not create a digital democracy where people can vote directly with their smartphone or PC? The technology exists (facial recognition, fingerprints, blockchain...) to make sure there is no fraud. Experts would be able to vote on their specific industry (for example all doctors and nurses could decide themselves what future healthcare reform should be). There would be less collusion between public and private functions, and it would reduce lobbying power in Washington and Brussels, since it is more difficult to buy 100 million people opinion, versus a few congressmen...
Of course we will be the Ancients in history books, but we will be PROBABLY regarded as the beginning of the worst in terms or going to far and destroying our own world. IF there are any humans left to judge us..
Please discuss this with me Michael!   This video demonstrated qualitative reasoning, but what about reasoning “by definition”?   Quantitative reasoning is what math and science requires to move forward, so what would a person be like if they only reasoned in terms of defintions?   How would a person be defined/described whom only uses defintions written in history, physical laws of nature and fundamental concepts acting as the “variables” to compose conclusions (i.e., a human’s bias, intelligence, awareness, etc.)?  This video feels open-ended, but it wouldve covered everything there is to know about thought and reasoning. Thank you for this enlightenment Vsauce!
Look at how flat earthers reason XD
They would "cozy up to" the people who suposibly pick at random and those who informed them under such a system
Through censorship, the wisdom of the crowd has been corrupted. So much so the crowd now almost always indicates the is false
But the wisdom of the crowd couldn’t tell us about plancs constant or the pre tensile strength of steel ?  We thought the world was flat once, and so did the crowd!
Yeah I’m sure lottocracy would never fall into corruption or despotism. Having random people selected by picking a name out of a hat would definitely not faltor into fixed elections. I’m sure that type government would definitely have strong checks and balances and those people selected would definitely not be power hungry. What a joke.
Using calendars, phones, etc. as evidence that a human mind is not exclusively located in the brain seems like a bit of wonky logic to me... After all, the information stored on those external items was necessarily originally conceived from brain activity; they are merely tools the brain uses the same way a stick could be used by a chimpanzee. They are no more a permanent extension of the brain than the stick is a fundamental and permanent extension of the chimp itself. So yeah, with all due respect, Michael seems to be splitting hairs here--obviously beard hairs, rather than non-existent top-of-head hairs. ;-)  I'm sorry, yes, that's a low blow to Mr. Stevens personally--just as low as the hair on his head relative to mine. :-P
But, does reasoning exist?
The Venus Project.
Michael Stevens subtly promoting dialectical analysis
Where have you been Michael I miss your videos 🥲
The moment he reached under the table saying "the organ we use to reason.." turned me puzzled for a second.
Vsauce videos make me feel so dumb sometimes. In a good way, I guess.
"Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end."  ~Spock
Thumbnail says the video is 37 mins long but it’s actually 30 mins
One if the thinga that annoys me about some peoples attempts at "reasoning" is that they will think that their opinion is just as good as a professionals... especially parents... you do not magically know what is best for your child just because you are the one who is in charge of them... yes you know your specific child best to a certain extent, but their teacher or pediatrician or child psychologist has had experiences with dozens of, hundreds of, maybe even thousands of children. They know what is bad or good for children better than you ever could. So Ignoring them and thinking that you always know better because it is "your kid" is terrible parenting...
The fact that you partnered with Bill Gates and his team leaves me skeptical
Love you Michael ❤️🔥 Appreciate your work
Hey Michael! Vsauce here, I've been watching for years and I just wanted to say thanks for the awesome content!
Michael can literally invent a new type of slang specifically for insanely smart people so average people won’t understand.
A believe climate change is a myth
Michael, did you atleast first discuss this video with the crowd? I don't want this video to be biased and the arguments weak.
no, no, no, no, no. If all those idiots just vote for The Republican party, we would be sweet. It's just these God damned Democrat voters holding us back. I'd never advocate a program of mass killing people who vote a certain way, but
participatory economics while we are at it
I'm going to reason well with others, but only so those future beings resurrect me
good one
we're simpletons. Don't expect a great deal from us
I've been saying this for so long. I smoke my pipe in my dressing gown sitting in a high backed armchair by the fire, full of gravely satisfaction
so many people can squirm listening to him. The covid conspiracy nuts. The climate change isn't real nuts. The society doesn't exist nuts. The earth is flat nuts. I respect each and every one of those nutters. I love them and I breed with them, making smart babies.
It's a shame that vsauce has succumb to the Bill and Melinda Gates foundation. Once I thought someone that thought differently and was truly inspired to educate. These are evil people. Climate Change is not on the will of the people. 70% of emissions don't come from me and you. Yes we contribute to global warming. But who is 'we'? It's the top companies. China is a top polluter yet they seem to be exempt because they said so. We are fighting something that we don't really understand and it's not even the biggest issue realistically. It's growing the growing power of the private institutions and emerging economics like China and it's power in the world.  This is very eugenicist of you michael.
Favorite ideas from this video:  The world is not a logic puzzle.  National Deliberation Day. Small group political discussions teach me more in less time than any other source.  Be the person future people would want to reincarnate.
Part of my problem with logic/reason being our primary modes of thinking about the world is that they are undialectical. Dialectics are really important because nothing happens in a vacuum, everything is a conversation.
I am actually running a vsauce marathon and in one of the videos Michael said if earth size human ( object ) came near earth, they will both crumble. I know this is about tidal force . But can someone elaborate ?
24:47 to 25:13  today's politics in NUTSHELL. I just loved these lines more than I should 😄
This must have took lot of research to 'confirm' your views about reasoning.
old bill got to michael :(
Nope were fucked... fermi won...
Is this your final video?
I've always thought about ways to better improve our law making system. Not because I actually think I can do something about it, but because I'm a dreamer. As technology advances, I've often thought of a government issued electronic. Like a smart phone but not quite. You use it to stay updated on relevant issues, and to vote on such issues. Alternatively, I've thought of wide spread breakout groups. Ten people or so to a group, they talk amongst themselves about relevant issues and pick a leader that they feel has the best understanding of the groups ideas. The leaders then have their own breakout groups and the cycle starts anew. No elections, no corruption, just people talking amongst themselves about how they feel the world should be. Edit: also I think laws on freedom of press should be way more strict. Today, all you see on the news in opinions and political agendas. The news should be non biased, black and white.
If you speak english or american
Leaving this here for the people in the future considering bringing us back. Pls dont lol.
I always laugh at the materialist paradigm of ‘the brain’. They always miss the obvious contradiction/mystery which is:  If all your thoughts, memories, experiences, habits, emotions etc are occurring in your brain, have occurred in your brain and will continue to do so in the brain, then where does the external world occur?    Well that’s just it. You’d never know. The materialist doesn’t realize that he’s a solipsist. He can’t get out of his own brain unless he relies on faith. On unfalsifiability  ‘Yeah everything I’ve ever known occurs in brain B B B But those memories thoughts emotions etc are just representations of what’s really ‘out there’’   Sure...but you could never prove it using your axiom
idk I'm fucking with the idea of a lotacracy its blowing my mind
WOW
the way i like to reason is with this nice formula: (my opinion) > (your opinion)
In the grand scheme of things, we're all just parts and decendants of an organism that evolved to reproduce and multiply because it couldn't store all its information in its single self
“In collaboration with Bill Gates.” Michael has joined the deep state
The conclusion i draw from this is that the only real capital T Truth in the universe is everything taken together as one, with every relationship considered in its entirety. Anything less is only part of the truth. Similarly, as individuals we are only parts of the whole of humanity, and if we are to solve problems that face the whole we need to reason as a whole.  That’s just my take though, to get a more accurate picture of the message be sure to read every other comment too.
Wow this is very interesting to think about. You are one of the great minds in the history of our world. I’m 20 and you should know that you are taking part in shaping the next generation of leaders. We can change the world for the better but it starts with community.
As philosopher ☠️
Only one problem with "political decisions made by people chosen at random". In our world it won't be random; it would be manipulative.
For anyone, most people here that drift off into their non reasoning. This was about the future of reasoning. Not what you think right now.
24:40 That's what 1984 book says, and has shown to be true and continue to be true as we go into the future because the public continues to drop the ball.
Michael. Where are your morals? Shame on you #NoNewNormal
No darker plot twist than a vsauce "or is it?..."
Michael - I don't know if you've ever worked with groups of people such as a jury or "think tank" scenario or anything similar to that but it's really disheartening.  You see a lot of people trying to use "reason" for apparently the first time ever and they're easily persuaded by anyone present who is considered to be "authority" over the group.  I've been in that situation several times and the shit they came up with as a "solution" was usually really bad.  I don't put a lot of faith in "crowd" unless the crowd is comprised of people actually knowledgeable about the topic.
How much fps does real-life run in?
Is this Simon from business blaze?
If the media just reported facts, we’d be better off.. not perfect because we still have billionaires, politicians, and lawyers.. but better.
Or is it?🤨
So i just need to force myself to think and be meta
Can't believe Vsauce used to be a gaming channel.
i called the "...or is it?" let's go
A big obstacle is capitalism
My mind's blowin up right now! Wooow!
.
Daniel Kahneman Thinking Fast & Thinking Slow comes to mind
Bruh this is one of the videos ever made
https://youtu.be/HYH_AygOxXM 😔😔😔
This, is the reason why I truly hate politics. I wish politics are thrown out of the window.
You explains things more Understandable then Most of the teachers
Incredible video, but the conclusion Michael reaches - lottocracy - straight up just sounds like more focus groups (randomly chosen people in deliberated discussion)
awesome-ometer?     i was born anosmic, but i can smell how awesome something is
i’m not sad the videos are this infrequent if they’re as beautiful as they are
math has never solved anything that wasn't first created in the dark
math needs to be more creative rather then creating more difficult problems in the world that can't be solved with less and less people that can help solve them. we've already got all the answers to make sense of everything but people just don't know how to make sense of it. i have a drawing i've been working on that someone shold take a look at sometime maybe it would help them make better sense of things.
When you feel the buildup and then that bummmm comes in. The best intro music ever
is it possible that maybe 3x+1 is insolvable only because it's not longer relevant when math should have evolved by now.
Did you just debunk global warming ? We cant reverse it without destroying what we built but we cant live without what we built so it creates consequences and those consequences force us to create more of those things that started it , turning it on an unstoppable rolling ball towards a demise
This was needed eight here and now thank you!
Well, as of right now, the people looking back on us from the future will be horrified, I hope.
24:33  ......I don't like where you're going with this
21:51  that sounds great for a jar of beans with hundreds or thousands of possible answers, but when there's only 2 "answers" (voting) AND you've got a media pushing 95% of those voters in a particular direction (to the left), it doesn't tend to work out so well, & that's why we live in pure chaos. Remarkable!
13:29  LoL, that's just because politics is actually a fairly smart person's game & just recently (2015) every 16 yr old & their idiot brother suddenly jumped headfirst into the pool, & you happened to find some in your little test. They're VERY easy to find, they make ALOT of noise & think they're "opinion" is just as important as someone who has thought a lifetime on the same subject.
11:53  whoever has the most power gets to decide. Unfortunately, more often than not, those with power are those who are willing to do the most evil (war/murder/deception), resulting in evil having the final say in what is "fair", or if "fair" matters at all. Therefore, the only way to have "fair" is to move FAR away from other humans whiiiich still doesn't work because those with power will *never* let you go & will hunt you down & force you to inject yourself with bizarre experimental chemicals or pay taxes, or...... *BOTH* . So, in conclusion, "fair" does not exist, or "life isn't fair", but we all already knew that. Dang.
The social theory of reason would seem to increase the likelihood that the social theory itself is a rationalization of bias on the part of its proponents. To that extent, It's a bit like a snake trying to swallow its own tail.
8 minutes in and he's just blathering.  Not up to his usual standards.
“Hey Vsauce Michael here”
Horas
what do i search for when i want to watch the video called ‌
Happy Teacher’s Day Michael… you’ve taught me many things…
I’ve been watching Vsauce since 6th grade and I’m now 23 years old. I’m very grateful for the knowledge he’s passed down and believe these videos have had profound impact on me growing up
THE KING RETURNS
3:10 We just saw this happen in real-time. Hurricane Ida, which has decimated the eastern coast of the US, more than likely wouldn't have been as extreme if global warming wasn't a factor. It didn't have to be this way, but people refuse to change, and it'll only get worse unless some of these knuckleheaded politicians get together and say "oh shit this is a really bad problem" because it affects them and their homes too, not just everyone else.
Resoning has no future. Chicks and "chicks-nism" will kill it.
Vsauce michael here never gets old
9:53
you lost me at Bill Gates....10 years of respect down the tube
Shiii this man always making my brain work
“We will someday be the ancients”.  best quote I’ve heard in a while
One of the reasons I really don't have any political beliefs and don't follow politics in the slightest. I don't know what the right answer is because sometimes, there is no right answer.
This is the best video that exists on YouTube.
I think this was the best video of vsauce i ever watched
The way Michael talks about democracy reminds me of the Great Law of Peace he must have studied it,  after all your founding fathers did use parts of the Great Law of Peace but for some reason they left out some of the most important parts like how to treat our mother the Earth with respect and care.
Also, isn’t wisdom and goodness simply proved by the outcome? And don’t we already have a reserve of thousands of years of reasoning to build on rather than recreate every idea?
Wait, you said that a crowd basically can be more reasonable and we shouldn’t put all our trust in one person. Yet it seems from experience, a mob or crowd is the most unreasonable creature known?
Hey Vsauce. Hendrik here. Make a Netflix deal! Even if you post your YouTube videos, just do it!!!   And as always. Thanks for creating.
I fucking love this channel
Maybe I’m too tired to understand but why can’t all 3 people be married in the logic puzzle? Then no one would be looking at an unmarried person. Maybe I’m confused haha
i like how he explains things, always asking why and going further into each individual thing. it’s like how i think lmao just like why?
Anyone else notice that footage from episode one of America Revealed? The blurred spot (where the host is standing) plus the structure of the building took me back to a video we watched in geography. I thought that was neat.
Can you do a video on the word (but).
hi dear Michael , I really love and enjoy your uploads. thanks for the efforts you take. can l send you a message personally?
The sequel to where are my fingers
Well so basically we need communism, I like this conclusion
Vsauce: "if only you can be logical" Extremists laughing*
00000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
⚠️HEY DON'T IGNORE THIS⚠️God loves you, turn to him today and Repent Your Sins And Believe That God Died For Your Sins.God Bless🙏🙏
hmm... where is my mind... where have I heard that before?
Michael could be a nice host on Jeopardy.
Is it just me or last year has left me dumber to understand Michael now...??
1000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
10000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000000
I used my reasoning and subscribed to VSauce asap!
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwW_Kc_AskTy3B2YTNZmTug
Mind = Entropy
https://youtu.be/D9JFJQNcpes
https://youtu.be/NHJ1B6wzWio
She has an annoying voice lol
Pfheewww... well that´s really something to think about!  One thing is sure, the way society works now isn´t pointing in a very positive direction. Maybe the bravest thing after all is to learn from history and actually use that knowledge to form the future rather than listening to some "elite" who´s minds are directly or indirectly formed by greed and short sightness?
I often google things that don't come up with a lot of results..  Also, I'm not a leader or a follower, I'm a supporter
the empathy part is based on the goal function while the rational part is about reaching the goal efficiently
Fantastic, you are great teacher
Do a minefield about sleep
Great rewatch-ability here
Every time vsause post a new video I get high and watch it
Please subscribe great video
https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCwW_Kc_AskTy3B2YTNZmTug
WOW
Damn guys.  I think we really screwed up with the whole internet thing.
Woah, with bill gates? I'm not so sure.
I can not believe that I am typing this right now, but jreg had a video that sort of offered a solution to the issues of reasoning in the modern age. He talked about this through the idea of frameworks (worldviews based on axioms), and how we need to consider those in debates. Really interesting and I highly recommend the video.
♥️ Great video ! The video is a masterpiece ♥️
This video makes me cry. I noticed all this shit.  And I do it too obviously. I'm not above it. It's why I don't think poorly of people of different political beliefs. Why would I? Whatever conclusions they reached are as perfectly reasonable to them as my conclusions are to me.
The world under one flag is a world of peace and war of internal to never be seen by the rich.
11:44, lol nice pun haha!
As usual, a spectacular presentation,  clearly underwritten by Mr. Gates who will be seen as one of the saviours of mankind upon whom history smiles.
The issue is not the loss in our ability to reason, it is the smaller inconsequential ideas those in control toss at us to bicker, thereby manipulating us to chose buas over reason.
mick could be a great science teacher
Video idea "how long would we live for if we never went to sleep"
Michael yous should make a video on this: https://youtu.be/-o8mUyq_Wwg
This is possibly the most mind blowing Vsauce video of all time.
even after 11 years, he still makes the most interesting videos
I always thought about this but I think the best way to perfect reasoning is to actually just genetically modifying humans to be reasonable rather than trying hard to become reasonable cause I don't think we have free will we are just guided by the subconscious mind of the ever evolving monkey that is covered with fast evolving logical conscious but they both can't work together cause in the end monkey wins so the only way as I see to win this reasoning battle is actually just take the evolutionary monkey out whose basis of decision is based on have food, not die, make babies and put a more advanced monkey whose decision is based on factual information that can be experienced and recreated, reasoning and logic then we could atleast dream of having a interstellar less existential crisis life and I think this is inevitable cause if not humanity just has to fight each other cause we have more powerful weapon and we are just giving these powerful toys to the next generation which would grow up watching this and just at some generation down the line monkey brain will take over and use the toys to play out it's rule
Widespread communication technology makes lottocracy look quite palpable.
“authority of the great mind … that is everyone, everything” also known as the dictatorship of the proletariat
Been wanting a video on this topic for years. Thank you
I feel like I’ve been wasting so much time on YouTube, this guys channel is awesome and going to become a staple in everyday entertainment
I’ve stopped checking the title and the thumbnail of V-sauce videos because the conversation will go everywhere else anyways
Michael: Where is your brain  Me: I've been looking for it can you help me find it
This is the man that published a video titled “Mario farts”
Reezaneen
Love this
how to acchieve the outcome is so obvious... noone sees it
*what field of psychology would the study* of asking participants of which people they would want to work with given a picture of the people *fall into?*  Im asking because im interested in psychology and want to narrow it down to a more specific area of psychology. I find this study to be very interesting. Thanks!! ;))
Most based video
5:47
It's kind of amazing and mysterious at the same time to think that at some time, we'll all be the ancients, VSauce will be ancient, and if, at some point, a person in the far future might watch this video...will they get this same feeling of mysteriousness?
“I want to pause here and talk about this notion of consensus, and the rise of what has been called consensus science. I regard consensus science as an extremely pernicious development that ought to be stopped cold in its tracks. Historically, the claim of consensus has been the first refuge of scoundrels; it is a way to avoid debate by claiming that the matter is already settled. Whenever you hear the consensus of scientists agrees on something or other, reach for your wallet, because you're being had. Let's be clear: the work of science has nothing whatever to do with consensus. Consensus is the business of politics. Science, on the contrary, requires only one investigator who happens to be right, which means that he or she has results that are verifiable by reference to the real world. In science consensus is irrelevant. What is relevant is reproducible results. The greatest scientists in history are great precisely because they broke with the consensus. There is no such thing as consensus science. If it's consensus, it isn't science. If it's science, it isn't consensus. Period.”~Michael Crichton And IMHO what Mr. Crichton points out, includes the bogus term "Settled Science", a term so abject and absurd!
"Climate Crisis" = Chicken Little "Climate Crisis" = Brinkmanship "Climate Crisis" = Bogyman Earth's Climate = Has NEVER been "Static" Earth's Climate = Has NEVER been "Stable" Earth's Climate dynamically changes, and has been doing so...well before Humans showed up on the ecological scene. Earth has been ice free for the majority of its 4.6 billion year existence, as a matter of FACT, Earth is STILL considered in an UNUSUAL "Ice Age". Humanity's input into Earth "Climate Cycles" amount to less than 5%...FACT! Sea Levels are not rising "Fast". A RECORD of erratic Sea Level change is noted for the last 30 million years. The amount of "Sea Ice" is not an indication of anything. The amount of "Sea Ice" is tied directly into how much wobble in the planetary lean occurs  during axial precession cycle....ie, how much the poles lean away from the Sun. There is a BUILT in "Error Rate" in the Empirical Data of at least 8%....FACT! All the volcanic activity is actually flattened out global climate fluctuations, as a matter of FACT, volcanic activity lowers global wide temperatures by whole degrees or more. Don't even get me started on Ocean wide current systems. No "Ozone Depleting Chemical" humanity produces can rise to the level of the Ozone, those molecules..."aerosols/refrigerants are molecularly  too heavy to rise beyond a certain atmospheric pressure...without being forcefully injected that high into the atmosphere...ie, why eruption of volcanoes are so capable of changing the global wide climate, also "aerosols/refrigerants" are produced to function at a very specific pressure in order to exploit their desired qualities, thus the molecules are highly susceptible to degradation from low pressure environment and exposure to UV and other forms of radiation in the upper atmosphere of the Ozone.   "Ozone Depleting Chemical" = HOAX CO2 is actually a cooling agent! Dry Ice = CO2 Majority of volcanic gaseous emissions = CO2 Scientific Commission/Panel(s) of the last 50 years exist first and foremost for the $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$, and doom and gloom brings in the $$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$$
Watching this drew the parallel for me to the rise of pub trivia. A group of 6-8 people gathered around a table, given a prompt, and left to determine "the best" conclusion given their collective knowledge. All in a very low stakes setting.
i get a red flag every time i hear the word "expert"
This is modern philosophy. Love it.
Its been 3 months please upload
And it saddens me to say that many people who are replying to this are firmly entrenched in their own confirmation bias and tribalism. Sometime it's helpful to remember one axiom, that "we are all more alike than different". Try commenting on social issues but use no name or title or perceived motivations of your enemy, turn the mirror on yourself and see where you are guilty of the same errors of reason and action, and break the issues down using first principles. If you do this you will be less likely to hate (your projection of yourself onto others), and more likely to achieve understanding. This is how we change the world for the better.
We have speed of light we have speed of dark but we also have speed of name
Excellent video to watch on psychedelics. will cause an existential crisis. thank you VSauce
Vsauce = Minion of the Globalist AGENDA Vsauce = $ell Out Vsauce = Bill Gates PUPPET
"You don't look at someone and think "based on the way they're holding their eyebrows, the shape of their mouth, the curtness of how they're talking, they must be upset!" You just intuit it based on the cues you observe!" Autistic people: 👀
There is no evidence that climate change causes disastrous natural events to be more frequent or more intense.    There is a lot of evidence of climate change and there are a lot of reasons that it can be a problem. This is not one of them.  I was a bit surprised that Vsauce went full climate change exaggerator until I saw that this video is partnered with Bill Gate's new book.    You can believe Climate Change is a problem and also not lie about it.  It's possible!
Jaque Fresco had some answers  !!!!
I miss Vsauce dude
Hey, vsauce, Micheal here! Why is my peepee hard? Or is it? Well, ya see, we need to start with the peepee itself. The hardening of the peepee is called an erection. Erection. The term itself shares a similarity with our own predecessors, Homo Erectus. That's Latin for Gay Straight. So, naturally, we can start to fill in the picture. Our predecessors, Gay Straights, also had hard peepees.  Which brings us back to modern day erections. You see, an erection is a signal to tell you that you are gay, a leftover device from the era of Gay Straights.  But what is "gay"? To quote Nelson Mandela, "To be gay is not to love others. It is to love yourself and to stay true in the face of many hardships and hard dicks." In Layman's terms, Nelson Mandela is trying to tell us to go fuck ourselves. This is vital to know because it puts into perspective the absolute size of gayness itself, divided into unique homogenous subgroups. Such a diverse range is exactly why the flag of LGBTQBBQ communities is a rainbow. But, you ask, how does this tie in to what gay Is? I'm getting there. Gay is a slang term for homosexual, which is to have sexual interest in someone of the same gender as yourself. To see more on the topic of gender, click the annotation on my face now for a playlist of videos specifically on the subject. So, to answer your question, your peepee is hard because you're gay. Hopefully today's little snippet was a good brain train for you. If you'd like to find other fun ways to test your mind mettle, click the annotation up here to go see some of my huge DONGs. And, as always, thanks for watching.
Et Tu Cocksauce? Wow I wish you all would  stop with the pushing of agendas already. I got bored and looked up the channel again. Honestly I forgot why I wasnt subscribed anymore. Consider myself reminded
and then everyone moved on in their day still using social media and letting it influence them the way they have before. an important take away is that a view of the world through the lens of social media is grossly distant from reality and as a consequence poisons the minds of its users
Is nobody else thrown off by the "in partnership with Bill Gates" part ???????? Why is there not more context here?  Does Vsauce work with Bill Gates now? Is Vsauce... buddies with Bill Gates now? ? ?  I need so much more information and it totally changed how I viewed this whole video lmfao
And as always, thanks.
that little song always hits hard
How about this video idea - Why are things annoying?
My super computer said your reasoning is off and you do not compute.
Thank you for teaching me stuff! your totally awesome dude 'w'
Evolution: "It's a feature not a bug"
Deep shit bro. Duh
My mind is blown
This is what propaganda looks like
Imagine how this will go down, a human that's alcoholic meets an alien.  Their kind would see us as inebriated fools.
But how do we know that Mary is a person in the first place? If Mary is the name of my cat, she may be unmarried, but nut a person. At no point in the riddle it is specified that mary is a person.
the way he said that we are going to be the ancients is making me feel a way i never felt before
I mean you shouldn't judge a video halfway through, but so far I feel like an imposter listening to a nurotypical bluntly state how my mind is supposed to work and I just do not relate to any bit of what he claims we innately do.
When he said zero I was like … 😳
Vsauce knows more than the government you can’t prove me wrong.
We SERIOUSLY need to start picking representatives at random. There are people who have been in political offices for over 50 plus years, and THAT should be illegal. There are WAY too many people to get into positions of power, then never leave and nothing ever gets done. Them and their opinions never change with the times, they end up never learning new things and continually doing things that should have changed long ago. But with new people selected by lottery each time, there will always be a flow of fresh ideas and fresh insights.
I THINK the biggest issue that our entire species does and will NEED to contend with is GREED. It is GREED that will always make someone do the wrong thing if they know it will benefit them, if they know there's a chance for them to make more money and get more stuff. It will be greed that will make someone continue destroying the earth knowing full well that generations later will suffer for what they are doing, but greed will make them not care so long as they don't have to deal with the consequences and can get instant gratification now. There are those that would sacrifice the entire humans race just to HAVE MORE. More money, more power, more STUFF and the consequences be damned. And it will be the worst among us that will use REASONING to INFER whatever THEY want to in order to "justify" what they are doing in order to make themselves feel better about doing it. THAT is what I think will be the great filter, getting rid of greed in order to make people work not to only benefit themselves, but to benefit everyone.
And when the world needed him most?..                                                                                           He vanished.
That thing that letted me watching vsauce was when he said "or is it?" It was healing and disgusting at the same time
Social media and the Internet is making us a hive mind, which isn't so bad but anyone that's younger than 18 these days has no idea what it's like without Internet. I used to have to check my facebook via text in the early days because I couldn't always use a pc
I wish vsauce did more proper vids instead of shorts! It's like a tease and I miss him alot tbh
@Vsauce at 19:40, the subtitles insert extra lines about interpreting global warming data.  Also before that, when "convincing a friend to go to ABC Burgers" when you say friend the subtitles say interlocuter (I assumed was a fun easter egg)
God bless..,..
e
Tell that to my mother
Random selection of people for judgement would have the risk of majority dominating the minority section .
the video you send your friends in an argument, 100%
1:50 and i am already full of matter of reflection for one year or so...
I wonder what happens in this dudes brain on a day to day basis
Micheal has so much knowledge in his brain that he can materilize books out of thin air.
Hello Michael. I need help. I will land on street. Please let me join your channel I am asking for a job. Please let me join your channel...
18:04 I think a part of this example that's missing is that it might not just be that they're giving weak answers, but that there are no answers. They just don't want to go to that burger place for absolutely no reason. The reasons they are coming up with aren't excuses exactly, just whatever rationale their brain serves them to explain why they don't want to go there.
Whats the point of asking this guy a question in the comments he never shows his fans love by responding to em
This guy can making anything simple turn complicated
Pin this
Hey vsoy, Michael here
Please vsauce make a video about life's inherited value, something like if human life are more valuable than animals lifes, or not, and how can we possible measure the value of life. I personally believe that all kinds of beings have their value, and not because human is more cognitive complex, thats not mean we are superior
Did the puzzle say that those were the ONLY people in the room?  It did not.  Sooo, there actually isn't enough information to answer.
Everyone on Earth needs to see this video.
Outstanding thoughts!!!
In the past most people didn’t have the ability or the right to have opinions; there is no comparison to be made for common people. Only the nobility would have had this option and their critical thinking skills were zero; what reasons do you need to defend anything when as a king or queen you are ordained by a god
This tired idea of bad internet is so overplayed. The printing press had the same effect, especially with regards to the ability of poo arguments to look professional
The internet may give more access to more opinions, each one possibly more extreme and less rigorously defended; but think to when tribes of 50 or so people were the norm. To say that now more than ever in our history is the time of one dimensional believes is false. There have been times where having singular beliefs were represented as a much larger percentage of overall beliefs
Thank you for still making videos even if it’s not frequent. Been watching y’all since middle school. Cheers!
Vsauce Vsuce Vsus Vsauce Is the amogus sussy imposter
when it comes to reasoning, what about those who have autism
"The future of reason may, in fact, be the past of reason" Mind Blown.
Humans are incredibly smart. Or are they.
bill gates basically wants to dumb down society and only keep elite thinkers to lead
Dont convince, explain.
What separates humans from every other species is the idea of politics.   And relying on cunningness and our empathy. Yin and yang. Contradictions. Life and death. I'll see you soon.
excellent video , loved it
I think that the theory of social reason is coherent when assumed, but its central assumptions seem pretty speculative
So are you just going to post stupid short videos from now on?
that is because if there is no conclusion it is still an open system, therefore you cannot say for certain what your reasons are, you need to have an ending to say whether or not the information had an effect, or a reason.
this is boring but its also so interesting i dont know how to feel about it
This was awesome 👌🏽 👏🏽
way too big brain
I think I know which half of the people forgot the reasons for their political views.
I missed you
Teacher : What's the largest organ? That one smart kid : skin, of course. Vsauce : or so you thought...
Hey Vsauce, Ben here! I was just introduced to "Picard" a spinoff of Startrek. I was just wondering how fast you would need to be going to see the stars streaking across your surrounding vessel and at what frame rate it would have to be to make it visually realistic. It must be many times faster that the speed of light but the visual must be at some kind of frame rate, right?
We're sort of a hive mind.
God bless..,
I want a behind the scenes episode to see how they do the writing for these shows lol so chaotic and complex
Excellent propaganda! So many likes!
Who's here in August.
So basically genocide is sometimes not bad? Cmon people?!
why is it like whenever i made a cringe comment, it is at the top??
what's the name of the painting at 16:56 ?
Can you do a video on why the yellow sand thing comes into our eyes when we're sleeping?
we will be the ancients, and we can choose what that will mean
That's a great recommendation!
What about ants?
The future of reasoning. *skips to a random part and try and see how it connects with the title.* The part I skipped to: "all elephants are awesome" Me: wait,
Stop making babies...
Hey Vsauce here. What is  remembering ? First, did you eat today ? What did you eat ? If you had waffles you may have already died. If you think of it. We are all alive right ? Or are we ? My brother once pooped his pants.
You know shits getting real when Michael says "OR IS IT"
Can you run for president of the world?
He keeps on repeating all that evolutionary BS.
Who would be guiding these elections? Who are these, the people? Who makes the vaccines I should trust as if they are untouched by human hands and agendas? I’ll always remember the old V-Sauce.  YouTube and social media are the junkiest of junk science.
Micheal-"Hey Vsauce, Micheal, here.  Where is your mind? oR iS IT?!"
I don’t know what’s happening
very america centric
"someday we will be the ancients" kinda made me cry ngl. poetic.
The fact that I can get a useless item shipped to me from the USA to Europe through Amazon is part of the problem. Also, people who already live comfortable lives tend to want to travel on holidays, causing so much unnessecary pollution purely for novelty's sake.
I was so hoping he would have made a pixies reference with "Where is your mind? Is it in your head? or is it floating, Swimming?"
I agree with you but I'm to afraid to come up with any reasons for it
Vsauce: Where is my brain? Moroccan: Hmm..
1:57 damn it I was expecting the iconic doiiiing vsauce theme to play there.
I literally blinked and vsauce appeared
I'll show this video to aliens.
Let's save the planet everybody
I wish he  was my teacher
This video went deep, GG
Rip this channel
Where do we see? Like with our eyes duh but where does it show up? Is it ahead of me or is it behind me? Is it even real? Where is it?
“The bigger the river, the bigger the drought.” - My Name is Human
Dafaq! I jad enough of you saying the evolving of the brain. SMH
This might have been a good thing to offer up in the 1990s, but the Climate Disaster is here. We know what needs to be done, but it really seems like those that could stop this, aren't doing a thing about it. Like, at all! Bill Gates and the other billionaires aren't going to solve a thing when they created the situation that made them rich. (Edit: You can purchase Bill Gates's book for $15.99 on Amazon, which isn't at all counterproductive) The best we can do at this point is mitigate how much of a disaster this it going to become.
I can't stop watching this video
This video kinda made me feel because I started to understand both sides and wish I could just pick one, but I guess it’s ok to be in between, to come together and form a consensus
Good content!! About to check some of your other uploads! I think you should google Promosm. It will help you promote your videos.
I keep coming back to this video and at the very end when he stares into the camera, and then the music kicks in, it feels as if he just revealed the secrets of the universe to me lmao
More concrete equals better life?.. yeah sure
Hey micheal! Vsauce here.
Who is vsauce. are you vsauce?
This is well delivered, very interesting, and filled with truths and promising avenues for though but also falls short in so many places.   You cannot for example deliver a theory of the social evolution of reasoning without the function of empathy in primate groups and how it seems to have hard number limitations or how that is not possible for us humans and how to face that limitation.  You cannot talk about "wisdom of the crowds"  without pointing out that it only exists every member in that crowd trying to do the best for the others otherwise you have easily amygdala hijacked mobs.  You cannot have global, population based wise decision making  (the practical application of knowledge) with defective educational systems that do not teach us even what wisdom is, nor you cann cross cultural divides without a set of morals we all agree upon,   we cannot even have that conversation nor have proper educational systems because the pyramidal structures of power we have build have the capacity for retaining and expanding  themselves for the sake of power and they do that because the very fabric of our societies reward psycopathic traits that benefit from generalized ignorance.   You cannot present reason exclusively  as evolved for  a social function without talking about all the other tools like morality that also are part of that function because at the end of the day unless we develop better moral values that we can all accept as universal we cannot distinguish right from wrong, and if we cannot do that "reasoning" has no meaning, thus "reasoning" as in a mathematical problem is one thing but presented as a social function cannot be decoupled from so many other factors.   This is just to put an example of some of the flaws in this presentation of arguments. Interesting, sure, to explore, but incomplete at best in my opinion.
Vsauce = im a human Also Vsauce = or am i? (*Vsauce theme plays)
Wait Micheals an elephant
so its a 30 minute ad?   ok...
"we are governed by reason"    now thats a stretch)))
1:56 punch line
my head hurts.
I sear to godif Michael paid a visit to my middle school I would have gratuated college.
Let’s put some social reasoning to good use — where could this be applied in changes to our education system? What areas of our education require a bottom-line individual standard (perhaps literacy or numeracy) and what skills could be better taught through social reasoning? For example, would there be a major benefit to having students analyze symbolism in a novel together or brainstorm solutions to a complex issue and debate their merits?   I just realized that if we create a comment thread on the best way to use social reasoning, this will actually be a meta-social reasoning thread — we’ll be using social reasoning to understand how to use social reasoning. Let’s make it happen!
After like a decade he still uses the same text  It never Gets old.
First time i've heard Air-a-TOSS-the-knees pronounced E-rat-toss-THEE-knees.
"I'm not an elephant" 14 year old elephants **cries**
13:48 You are two
Jesus thanks YouTube don't even show me the last 2 videos he put out
10:34 anyone else felt really dumb to not having it correct ?
I'm confused, I thought you had to shift away from Vsauce due to copyright issues or something... did I shift timelines again?
Imagine waking up 3000 years after your death just to hear: "yo McDonald's or Burger King?"
That was incredibly inspiring, for real. Thanks Michael
Bsauce, Burn here  Just here because of Burns awesome RP in GTA
The problem with censorship. Only certain ideas get the spotlight. By the social theory discussed in this video, they're bound to be bad.
Vcause,do something with the Bible
22:27 dramatic slow zoom in
all people need to do is give up beef and adopt electric transportation as well as more railroads
So silly how this channel has fallen to the wayside. What an odd choice to give up on it.
26:19 This is how the government used to be. A few citizens would come together and solve issues for a few months, then go back home. That is how it still should be.
I know to much cause of this guy😧
So many plot twists
However often times its not that we cant come to the right decision or resolution. It is easy to come up with a potential solution to a problem, but another to actually implement that solution.   sure we can get a lot of people from diverse backgrounds to deliberate on an issue and they may very well come to an effective resolution. But how then to implement that resolution.  take the emissions issue. Sure we can come up with ways to curb our emissions, increase usage of renewable energy, reduce fossil fuel usage, develop cleaner technologies etc. But how to then implement those ideas, how do you get the necessary funding and support, or a local govt. who may have conflicting interests in keeping their jobs in the fossil fuel industry.  That is ultimately what all the messy politics is all about. Its not about coming to a solution to our problems, but how do we actually implement those solutions when everyone has conflicting interests.
I miss the Old sauce, so much more content back then...
YouTube: hey V-Sauce fan! Wanna see this 7 year old video Michael made?  Me after checking to find this video: Why not the newest one? The one you never notified me about?
I can spend an entire lifetime watching Michaels videos & be content in life. I love this mans work!
Could we then say that technically we could consider today’s reasoning to still be false? How can we believe the science we have today is 100% true? If back a hundred years ago they were sure that the earth was of a different size than it is now… how can we believe that today it’s true? Will our reasoning continue to evolve and therefore our science and technology as well? And still then… when will we all know the truth?
The biggest flaw i see with a lottocrasy relates to one of your first points.   Random people brought up to speed by experts, if the expert in question is biased or has an otherwise flawed viewpoint then the conclusion can also be flawed. The special interest would simply shift their efforts in who to try and buy.. i mean persuade. The idea has merit.
Vsauce all serious at the end makes me contemplate my whole life.
but... Michael is awsome, might not be an elephant but Michael is awsome.
Only vsauce video that I've watched and listened to twice
Bill gates is not a friend he is a predator.
Power to the people
Damn the end was awesome
The town square in ancient greece where people gathered and listened and/or participated with philosophers needs come. Back
This is the first time I've ever heard vsauce say something wrong. 14:12 when you notice someone is upset you don't consciously think off all the body language and cues consciously to determine they are upset. Now, HERE IS THE EXCEPTION---I have Asperger's Syndrome. We don't naturally recognize body language patterns, pitch shift, etc. Socially handicapped you could say. Because of this I have at hear length studied body language and psychology. Now the reverse is true, I only fit in or succeed because I AM consciously looking for in constant analysis those observable cues. In example, if someone is feigning Polite and listening to a story their whole body is facing you but their feet are pointed at the exit. They're in two places and don't really want to be here. The point? Aspergers people are the opposite. Now the are things we may forever not understand because it is NOT COMMON for us to use reasoning this way means you will find nonsense that you can't explain for they don't think that way but it doesn't exclude the there are those who navigate the opposite.
This man should be president of planet Earth
Vsauce for President
"How do you achieve consensus, when a problem isnt obvious to the senses" is a fire bar
Hear me out. Im zooted right now and It is the second time im righting this because I deleted the other accidentally. At 1:50 when Big Sauce is talking about Reasoning and how they it has led us to better wars and working as teams, what if we are unsure or certain that reasoning is not "Bound to take us further and higher until the end of time" (Sauce, 2021) is because REASONING KILLS HUMANS. As reason develops, which is why it makes us work better as teams and become better humans it tires our organ that process that. The Brain! This is why we AGE and eventually die of natural cause instead of and excluding any other terminally ill sicknesses, because the brain stops working. Reasoning. Kills. Humans.
26:40 "Paid for their time to learn from experts."  Who is choosing these experts?
I just came from the vid about what would happen if everybody on Earth jumped at the same time, i don’t know if this question is stupid but what if everybody Got together and then layed down? Would we affect the earths rotation? Giving that the mass of over 7 billion people are volder to Earth
Hello sir can You pls make a long video about climate change and its side effects like wind, rain, shortness of breath,  And what we can do to fix IT  For example green city s and making forest bigger
Representative democracy is already meant to convey the will of ordinary people in policy.  Unfortunately elections have become insult contests, and elected officials are targets for corruption. Random panelists would have less time to become corrupted, but who decides wether a panelist is eligible? Do the panelists vote on bills, or do they write them? How can we ensure panels are not just insult contests with the loudest and meanest person dominating the conversation? Moderation would be in order, but the moderators would be targets for corruption and bias.. lots to figure out there. Is there a reddit on it?
I personally think that decisions should be made by everyone, using a voting service, like a governmental website where you log in using your ID and can give your vote to things you agree with. This is in a sense the same as the idea of picking randoms, but without the chance you'll stumble upon someone who has ideologies and ideas that vast majority of population would disagree with, because you would just have that vast majority. Sure back in the day it wasn't an option, but nowadays in many nations of the world this is absolutely doable.
i miss vsauce
I never knew he still asks questions like these  Like  How does he think of this stuff
Nice content. I always enjoy your videos, but I especially liked the concepts in this one.
i think the bill gates part mightve been a bad call... oofff
I’m high asffff rn and watching this, I don’t even know what’s going on right now I’m just poopoo and stinky
Just like Andy Weir said in The Egg story. We don’t really die. Each of us live in an egg universe on a world only built for us, including every single being on that world is essentially different versions of us, we relive everything and everyone again and again until we have experienced enough to realise what we are. So disease and disaster are “us”, made by us, for us, so that it can mature us.
Intuition is subconscious reasoning and can often be outright wrong! This is caused by the fact that what we call intuition is base completely on personal experience and understanding and simple represents a fast tracking our minds do with this information in some situations (try judging other distant cultures and how they are handling more abstract situations).
Imagine if the sun hits the earth and the last thing you hear is “And that’s what will happen if the sun hit the earth, and as always Thanks for Watching”
The herd efect may smooth out the defects, but it also brings down the bright minds.
me rethinking all my political opinons rn
Purple cube
Vsauce? Season 4 of mind feild?
This video is exactly what I have read in last two years but totally coincidentally.
I didn’t even catch the lesson on this one, I was distracted by the smooth tunes playing in the background.
I feel like I just went to college
Mind blown
Wait this isn't binging with babish making squid ink spaghetti from jojo
This single handedly is one of the most thoughtful videos I have watched. You're an inspiration dude.
“It’s not a mistake, it’s a feature!”
We need more of this
Please could you do a follow up video on reasoning with Maths specifically? It's such a heavy aspect of England's curriculum on a Primary/elementary level. We are expected to teach young children how to reason in a specific way. This video is showing it's not that simple.
“Am I really all the things that are outside of me? Would I complete myself without the things I like around?” Taste - Animal Collective
please fix these awful closed captions
yes
Vjuice
3:40 - Since we are on the topic of mankind's contribution of 51 billion tons of greenhouse gasses per year... Using US Geological, and US Energy Information Administration sources, the world produces ~51 million tons of crude oil per year, and ~8 million tons of coal per year.  I do not see a way that 61 MILLION tons of raw material produces 51 BILLION tons of greenhouse gasses per year.  Even assuming that the entire weight of the raw materials are converted to carbon dioxide and similar gasses when burned, that is 100 times the weight of the raw materials.  How do you produce 100 pounds of carbon gasses out of ONE pound of raw fuel?   Did I get one of the inputs wrong?
I really like this idea of random people being educated and working together to come to a conclusion.
Okay I'm sold. Time for a lottocracy
good implies evil, 1 implies infinite. life is a multitude of patterns, and the core of our being is pattern recognition. our biology and world provide context as to what those patterns actually are. pleasure, pain, love, anger, anxiety, acceptance, transcendence. and we satisfy those systems through belief and execution. the physical world is less important than the mental. but we don’t fucking teach that so we have to keep relearning it !
You confuse me every single time
He make the how to basic channel you can see his face reveal
Soo Micheal is an anarchist huh?
I want to get high with this man
vvb
yes, I can only imagine what would happen if we left decisions to the freaks on twitter.
W video 👍💪🏿
And mob rule doesn't make your reasoning more just... Have you heard of cults? also it's not their reasoning ability getting better it's called the law of averages.... Ya know math... That's why a group gets close to guessing a number of jelly beans
I guess this sounds reasonable to evaluate (you see what I did there) But it sounds like he was just trying to push hive mind thinking and mob rule
For the sake of debate, how would we go about really doing this though? How well could you really educate someone about a topic? How could you avoid the pitfalls described in the video itself of people doing biased research and then presenting this biased information to the random people chosen?
When the intro music hits and you realize youre 5 minutes in already.
hey Michael, can u do a video to see who's faster, me or my friend Lisa, thank you
Michael: " when people get this puzzle wrong " + continues to explain + Me: " oh no i knew it, i'm dumb. "
Hey Vscauce, Micheal Here.
I think we’re ready for Democracy 3.0, an improvement on the Democracy 2.0 that is practiced in America today.  In the new and improved version of democracy, the legislative and executive functions would be combined. There would be three legislative houses: a top, a middle, and a bottom. The top house would have three members. The remaining representatives would be divided equally among the other two houses. When new representatives are chosen, they are selected by random chance. Every eligible and interested citizen has an equal chance of being selected. Newly selected representatives are in the bottom house.  When a proposal is offered to be decided, it is first considered by the top house. If the three members of the top house agree unanimously, the motion passes. If it is not unanimous or if any one of the top three representatives decide to let the proposal pass to the second house, then voting is opened for members of both the top and the middle houses. If the two houses cannot get a two-thirds majority, then the vote is opened to all three houses and a simple majority decides the issue.  Then the non-legislative people vote on the quality of decisions, not on people. Every citizen is given a chance to vote on every proposal that has passed from two years ago back until eight years ago. Citizens vote on if they think the proposal was a good idea, not on people. For every representative, every vote that they made that corresponds to a citizen vote, that counts as a vote that representative. For every vote that goes against the representative, it removes a vote for that representative.  I think an example will help clarify. If a tax is proposed to pay for new schools, and it passes the top house unanimously, that proposal becomes available to the citizens two years later. Two years later, the citizens decide it was a bad idea. The schools didn’t use the money wisely. 16,455 people vote that it was a bad idea and only 1,580 vote for it. At the same time, the first house passed a proposal to fix some roads, and this was very popular. 18,855 people agree and only 265 were against it. This comes out to this comes out to 3,715 votes for the members of the first house. Since both of these bills passed unanimously, these votes do not count either in favor or against the members of the other houses, but the process is the same for every member of every house for every issue that they voted on.  People are then sorted into houses every year according to the number of votes they get. The three with the most votes go to the top house. Then the half of the remaining representatives with the larger number of votes go to the middle house. The remaining representatives go to the bottom house. Then the half of the bottom house with the lowest vote count (that have been there more than four years) are dismissed. Members of the third house who have been there less than four years are exempt from being dismissed. This way they have a chance to build up experience and reputation.  Since any citizen can become a representative, the mix of representatives will tend to represent the people. Representatives interested in keeping their career will vote with a long-term view, trying to guess what people will think was right in hindsight instead of what sounds good right now. Political parties will still be a vital part of this process. There are bound to be thousands of bills every year, not to mention court appointments and other administrative actions. That’s way more than most of us citizens can keep track of. It will be up to the political parties to keep track of these and their results. But it will be much easier for individuals to maintain a very nuanced position of issues independent of their parties. You may be generally Republican, but in favor of a limited form of gun registration. You get the pamphlet from your Republican leaders, and you know to go to the section on gun control and find which issues you disagree with them on and then vote accordingly.  Note: this means that the members of the top house will be those who have a track record of agreeing with the will of the people, and the ones losing their jobs are the ones who have a track record of not matching the will of the people. This also means that those who are intent on keeping their job or progressing through the ranks will be most focused on how people will feel about their decisions in the future rather than how to sell their philosophy and system here and now. Under the current system, the most convincing person is elected, no matter if they are convincing because they are telling the truth or because they are the most convincing liar. Under my proposed system, if a person is right but not convincing, and they vote their conscience, then even though their idea won’t win in the moment, when the next round of public votes come around people will recognize that it would have been the right move and this person will be promoted. If they are convincing and wrong, then hindsight will demonstrate that they need to be demoted or let go.  https://shaunckennedy.wordpress.com/2018/11/24/democracy-3-0/
Nice, how about next time you draw something n 4d?
Now, say every word forwards and backwords
wtf this man just say about my brain
Brimg back our vsauce :'(
16:21 so is this a reference to a sequel of 'Are Humans OP?'
@Vsauce why do we offer gifts to our loved ones?
Your brain, something that has willed itself into being and now is questioning how it works, its wierd and is trying to explain aomething it doesnt know anything about
Imma use this in my paper
Funny of vsauce @howtobasic
I didn't understand a thing you say professor sorry 😅
Hi Vsauce, you probably wont see this but I really like you're videos and I learned a lot from you, keep on teaching man!
Let’s admit it. Computers have reason without flaws…
The fastest way to end climate change is the use of nuclear bombs against every us citizen. This is not a joke without them we would be better of
Bill Gates new book lmfao 🤡🤣🤌 this guys hilarious!
No evidence of intelligent life. Hahaha “great filter” 🤣
All I’ve gotten out of this video is that Michael must be an extremely social person.
Looks like the caption creator took liberties…
Fuck this was good
One day there will be s dictator trying to achieve world domination to save the planet, not humans.
Quality of life around the world is rising? Seriously? How is transportation being more common rising my quality of life, if it just means that I'm forced to spend hours of my life surrounded by toxic fumes, getting up at ungodly hour to go to the work that I hate? There's more "manufactured goods"? Is that how we quantify quality of life nowadays? By the amount of unnecessary bullshit forced down our throats by the companies destroying our planet? Food is becoming more accessible? There's certainly more than necessary, yet tons of food are being destroyed while people, all around the world, even in the so-called "first world" countries, are starving. And what a vile thing to suggest: that the climate catastrophe is a "failure of reason" - as if it is inevitable, has no clear causes, and nobody to blame - while we know well enough what and who stands behind it. We see clearly the corporations causing unimaginable harm for marginal profit. We see the rich relentlesly scheming, lobbying, paying off scientists and spreading misinformation just to protect their money and power. The Earth is not dying, it is being killed. And the people who are killing it have names and addresses. Incidentally one of those names is Bill Gates. I guess that makes it clear why this video is blaming "hyperobjects" instead of the people and corporations who actually cause this disaster. I guess that's why you bring up "behavioral inertia" when the most powerful people and nations in the world work tirelessly to keep the status quo, brutally supressing ever-reappearing resistance.
what Vsauce trying to say there are many things in this world that human can't think logically
This is YouTube.....or is it?
Good video, but a lottocracy is an absolutely terrible idea.   Looking forward to every annoying psuedo-philosopher on the internet arguing for it for the next couple months.
This was enlightning, engaging and truly awesome ...had to sit thru the complete video...looking for more wisdom..
I am god, god is great
mind blow
Great explanation of right-wing thinking.  Now do one on people whose ability to think for themselves exceeds their subservience to authority.
The decision of the group would be equivalent to that of one lone reasoner because of every lone reasoner, one will naturally fall on the mean or median. So it is incorrect to say that the group will be more accurate than ANY lone reasoner. But I get what you mean; a group is more persistently accurate than is one particular individual.
Me: *reading a Twitter argument Also me: 0:05
Vsause my brother said you died did you I'm sad now 😭😱
27:17 Whoa Michael did you have to stare straight into my soul when you said that?
And as always! Thanks Michael!!! 🙏
I'm new
I feel like this is one of the most significant Vsauce videos there is.
What a great question : 🎵🎶where is my mind🎵🎶
Who else picked not enough information to decide?
Hello...im Spock from Vulcan
The best video so far.
I like the idea of a lottocracy
Goosebumps..I am starting a group now
The ending always makes me cry, idk why lol
You know its coming when he says "Or is it?"
Would people with ASD be better at reasoning then, due to normally a lack of bias and a more logical approach to information.
Awesome
Hey man345 here.How much blood do you have
How does behavioral inertia relate to becoming a Bill Gates cuck?
I was wondering...What is the speed of silence?
I'm being mind-controlled in Chicago Michael. Maybe you would like to investigate
This argument assumes that the mob reasoning always reaches valid or wisest solution. The destruction wrought by ideologues of the 20th century suggest this assumption is flawed
this man could be talking about one thing, you blink once, and then your just lost
It’s not a bug, it’s a feature
reason: the one weakness of anti-vaxxers
Off topic but I've asked a bakers dozen times (got a thing for the number 13) Which reflects more light: a mirror or true white? I think I know the answer but I want to know for sure.  Ps. Love all the curiosity boxes. My (bout to be 13yrs old) son has gotten his 8th I think.
I could listen to this guy talk for hours
2:15 I mean duh it’s one country..? There’s two other really big super powers that focuses a lot more on Infrastructure then America? China? Japan too even tho they aren’t a super power
"Big brain"
Is 2 is a value or number ? Or is it both?  *Vsauce Music start playing*
Can you make a video when we will run out of New Keys? So when cant we produce new keys?
This is my new favorite Vsauce video
Question, if the human could fly, would they fly? I have no idea if you have answered that question already
Interesting..love it
I know people like to joke about vsauce giving them existential crises but this is the first vsauce video that has legitimately done that to me
This is the most political vsauce has or ever will be
"Reasoning evolved to be used socially"... thats a statement of fact which you earlier stated as a hypothesis. Nice reasoning....  Reasoning didn't evolve to be used socially. Everyone reasons internally. Language is inherently limited which leads to much of the issues in misunderstandings.  Your claim about testing people and they fail to provide proper reasons is equal to testing people 200 years ago on their reading by putting a book in front of them. Most people couldn't read back then, you can't then justify that reading isn't human or can't be had by the majority. We invented various teaching methods and then sent everyone through school to learn to read, now most can.... all your poor arguement proves is we need to teach people reason.  As for intuition... just because people can't remember all their classes on how they learned to read or the methods used, doesn't mean they can't read.  People can only build with the tools they have, of course they won't build huge things if they lack most of the tools.
Is there an alternative to math?
Me watching the video: *"I FEEL MY BODY ABSORBING THIS SMARTNESS"* Me finishes the video: *"I FEEL SO SMART"* Me 10 minutes after watching this video: *Forgest everything* 😐
So the future of reasoning is the Socratic dialogue. Brilliant.
there's no way someone listened to that while playing Minecraft except me.
Loved the video Michael!
So, our modern government system would be like a 100 tonne animal with the brain the size of the peanut
The salty pentagon biosynthetically turn because philippines rationally compete worth a discreet motorcycle. sordid, hurt sunshine
In normal life, you come to conclusions… but in Vsauce videos conclusions come to you
confirmation bias, the cdc's specialty
We need the vsauce music, not this Taco Bell jazz
The debate, the conversation is indeed very important because beliefs organize behavior. To NOT have these conversations is intellectually lazy.
Fantastic video. Great book that covers lottocracy; 'Against Elections; the case for democracy'. Includes historic and contemporary practices.
oh hear me out you know how people type this "<3" and people see that as a heart even tho its not a perfect heart shape and if youve seen a scary movie soon or you see something out the cornnor of your perhaps maybe a coat you think its something due to seeing a scary movie of a person and their body shape so your brain thinks its that thing and you get scared and thats why you see things out of the things not there... well thats just something i just started thinking about idk if thats true just seems like it would make sence just my "reasoning...
your first miss bro im not letting these billionaires who dont care ab me make these decisions
Am I crazy? Or I'm crazy!
If Michael from Vsause is the only source of humanity to alians, we'll have a great ending!
I rember 😊
The music detracts from what you're saying
dude you need to make your own sci-fi movies based on real shit people would so watch that and make an impact do it bro
the problems vsauce is bringing up is exactly what im trying to grow up to help move past
We all think we are so goddamn smart, don't we? But in fact, we are full of biases and faulty thinking. Just so cringey.
Your reasoning for thinking Government should have anything to do with emissions beyond what was already regulated in the 1970 Clean Air Act is fatally flawed.   But I am sure Mr.Gates appreciates the advertisement you created for him.
14:12 Me, a person with autism: So that's how it's supposed to work like
14:13 uhhh is there something is wrong with me cause thats exactly how I determine how someone is upset. .. .
Where do poor and developing countries, who produce the largest amounts of greenhouse gasses, fall into this?  He seems to be missing the point.  China and India pollute at astronomically higher levels but here he blames affluent countries.  I couldn't watch the rest of the video.  This glaringly obvious logical flaw did it for me.
Oh yeah the cultural mind
Vsauce is just free college
I never thought I'd see the day where vsauce shit on ben shapiro
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
HowToBasic
Collective reasoning is a wild card game. You need some way to filter out the clowns. One can only effect the reasoning of ones self . You simply present facts and ideas to others, what they do what that information is up to them.
with him believing that convincing others through sheer amounts of reasons-reasonings has this agreement/convincing effect....then he did a great job practicing his theory, as he spent 30 minutes telling us his reasons that he thinks is right....so by brute force he expects us to believe him because he thinks what he thinks works will work.....but wouldn't that be a limiter on how to measure an accurate assessement? or more importantly.....his bank account
Dude his takes are looong, i can't imagine the amount of bloopers and fails they have to edit out
In an attempt to the group-Jelly-bean accuracy of averages, if I'm ever asked whilst in a group how many jelly beans are in a jar, the answer is a googol.
Bill gates, your partner didn't extend empathy when he stood up to block the ability for poorer nations to create our COVID vaccines
ahhh wifies father
I feel like this video was trying to break out of the 4th wall or something like that by reasoning Really kicked my brains
Ребят!!! Есть у кого ссылка на сайт,  где играет мелодия, которая транслируется онлайн и она не повторяется?
This is quite a deep rabbit hole.  Well scripted video tho, really hooked me in.
I like the idea a Lottocracy probably more than I should.
Answer: communism.
Sir i m invent tree sensorable Ai algorithm or tree sensor computer system and power acceptor large machine. This power acceptor help update new type quantum computer Bihar Bihar India
0:13 my brain doesn't help me remember and plan, my brain IS me
Well,at least he didn't do it in collaboration with Jeff bezos.
These videos are acid trips, philosophical ideologies, and school courses all compacted into a video.
This is what our political party’s need to do 👍🏻
If he went for president I’d vote
When you learn more in a free 30 min video than a whole 12 week course.
we miss you michael
that “We will all be the ancients” line really hit different—
Guys this ia not about the video but i have a question. If your descendents multiply every generation, could there be a point in thousands of years when every single person in the world was your descendent? If the answer is yes, the death of any person would mean a complete change in the hisrory of the future
Jesus died on the cross, got buried, and got resurrected on the third day to save us from our sins! Thus giving us everlasting life. Accept Him into your heart as your Lord and Savior! ♡  You must do it as soon as you can — you are not promised tomorrow!
***SUBSTANTIAL POLITICAL AGENDA DETECTED ***
I liked the reasons Vsauce used in this video! :)
If we had no brain how would we remember plus we would be very idiotic
These videos make me feel normal for having these thoughts on a daily basis, I love the complex and deepened thought this video provokes. If the collective can achieve democratic resolution but let greed and personal satisfaction guide decisions that cut out groups of the very people they govern; well then there's not much of a purpose to being so democratic. I do believe we can get past this climate issue but because there is so much space between groups and such a barrier not only in language but cultures, tradition or values its going to be one of the toughest challenges we will ever face.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=toOOoZwxuhM
My man still here after a decade
1:56 OR IS IT
Huh, that’s not an awful idea, a Lottocracy. Apparently it’s called a sortition. I feel very smart just by watching this video and being in the presence of our bald Prometheus of knowledge.
I can't even imagine how hard it would be to make a video like this, Michael is SO well spoken, concise and on point the entire video. Very impressive.
If u called this man fat he would reply with this exact words: “but first what IS fat…”
Ummm.... at 14:20, I kinda did have to do this for a while
Im so glad he still keeps his "Hey Vsauce, Michael here" intro.  Youtubere pretty much always go downhill and become stale once they reach a point they abandon their iconic catchphrases (Pewdiepie's "Brofist" or Jack's "TOP O DA MORNIN TO YA!" for instance).  But Vsauce is still going strong.
eu sou um pao
I think you're underestimating just how different people's goals can be. I think a lot, maybe even most, people's disagreements come from different values and goals. Unfortunately, natural language makes it rather easy to assume we want the same thing. That's a dangerous assumption. We're all more different than we realize.
It's even crazier than that. China used more concrete in 3 years after 2008 than US in entire 20th century.  So that concrete fact was way off but not technically wrong.  Source: https://www.washingtonpost.com/news/wonk/wp/2015/03/24/how-china-used-more-cement-in-3-years-than-the-u-s-did-in-the-entire-20th-century/
Please do a video on Terence McKenna
Idea for a video/question: what size and shape of water slide would be necessary to survive a fall at terminal velocity?
I just realized that i have the exact same seat that Micheal has
Always loved Vsauce
V sauce,then if you see so many times,why would you not reason to seek the Truth Of Islam?
Time to think about life now
This.. this is the video that should be put in a time capsule and preserved for all generations to understand how humanity was meant to solve problems. All together.
no
14:04 pushing a theory as fact. Liar.
2:26 laughs in iraq
The subject was so deep that I had to rewatch this 10 times to get the whole point and I still don’t feel that I got it
I always wanted to be as professional as Vsauce for my Channel😊 ... lots of Love to VSauce
I clicked this video to get sleepy, but I got insomnia.
Great video, thanks.
Hey! Vsauce Micheal here, how fast can you run?
Why are we the only species have sophisticated grasp of reasoning? Because we are human and not a monkey, and we are not from earth we are put on earth by Allah when Adam & Eve got banish from the heaven. That's why we are the only intelligent organism here, try to "reason" that and find the answer rather than just refuse all of it.
You look like heisenberg from breaking bad
I like the sounds of that idea.
You cant trick michael I know you are an elfant
We are NOT chimpanzees. We are Homo sapiens, the cultural ape, not the rational ape.
Not reason, social learning and cumulative cultural acquisition.
Is that a CRC?
i just hoping while Michael said "or is it?" old discuss music playing
Yep we’re all on the same team
You lost me at "Bill Gates"
Now it's just time to find someone to talk about this with, interesting idea
Quran 6:116 “And O listener, (followers of the Prophet) most of the people on earth are such that were you to obey them, they would mislead you from Allah’s way; they follow only assumptions and they only make guesses”
That logic puzzle made me unreasonably pissed off at myself...
The brain: it’s not a bug, it’s a feature
Vsauce manages to answer my 3am thoughts and give me existential crisises simultaneously and I am here for it
Ok but 𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫𒐫
I've been revisiting the older Vsauce videos as of late and, unlike others, the similarity between the style of the older and newer are uncanny. Sure, the sound and video quality improves, subjects and topics change. However, Michael's ability to capture our attention, gain ethos, share logos and generate pathos in his thorough explorations of simple conundrums and then deliver a philosophical outcome at the end. That truly remains unchanged
Bill Gates the private jet owner decided to shame us peasants again.  I guess he means well, but i don't trust anything the guy does.   Fighting climate change needs to come from our own will to save ourselves, not by making existence pure suffering for everyone (that only the richest elites will profit from)  The world is moving towards a better, pollution free future and i love it, but someone needs to convince China to join too.  Europe and the Americas pale in comparison to Asia's immoral pollution.  We need to let some farmlands regrow into forests, they naturally scrub carbon dioxide from air. And prevent deforestation. The logging industry for example is not the same as deforestation because they replant all trees they cut. Cutting rainforest to grow soy beans for hipsters in California IS deforestation because they _permanently_ destroy rainforest to grow something else.
Hey Michael, i got a video idea for ya. Or for you or anyone to answer?  Ok so what animal(s) do you think are next inline to being humaniod. That being evolving along side humans. Or on a different planet where we never existed   Like making a language use tools, invent fire and electricity  and become like us   They would get to skip alot if they made contact as a whole proving that they’re capable  But i like thinking about an earth where humans werent the ones making citys having global wars, making art and music but given enough time and no humans to stop theyre evolutionary growth what species would be the next humans or capable of making that step  I really think kangaroos, dolphins, penguins, would be the top 3 most likely  Maybe a new species of human/chimp a new branch of from ancestorsy  Around the same size as humans. Can stand up straight (dolphins would own the sea but create a way to concur land one day)   All have complex noises and language capabilities.   Why isnt theyre another species that we have to share the earth with and consider as smart if not smarter than us in there own ways. Ones with rights and theyre own laws.. would be consider them an animal or human, wheres the line.. how many years will evolution take for something like that to happen.. are humans the only ones capable? Will we ever get so smart wity technology that we can help animals progress to that point or would humanity destroy them before the even have the chance...   I mean theyre still humans out there that have noboutside contact with humanity.. why are they not progressing. Will a group of animals progress past them oneday in terms of 1st world humanity, idk id like to know what separates us
As soon as I hear the words: "Bill Gates", just stopped watching.
So much positivity in the comment section it’s nice to see no haters around! This video really expanded my thought capacity on the subject of reason…. I do think the UK needs to evolve and political issues need to be deliberated to the citizens of the UK as a whole, rather then in a small room, I.e. the House of Commons. What would be the ultimate future for harmonising planet earth would be deliberating to the whole planet, once technology tackles language barriers of course! Then 3rd world poverty would not exist and the environment would be healthier! This is easier said than done because although life is a blessing, there are many evil people in this world!!
The main problem with humanity is to belive that this can be solved by a ''new kind of government'', we create reasons to believe that the foundation of our civilization is right, when that's the actual problem, and by that we fall into the same issues again. As long as there is coercion, there is no consensus on the proper allocation of resources.
marry could be a widow, i do not consider widows as married or unmarried
It says 'Hyperobects' not Hyperobjects in the description.
yes, one day we will be ancients, like the ancient greeks are to us.
15:01
my life is getting explained to me right here. This explains EVERYTHING!
In past days ,the Vsauce channel was normal but ,now it is very complicated enough .Although I am 10 years old. I l more than  like this channel . :0 :)
I'm Vsauce You're Vsauce  More than 17M people  is Vsauce
The problem I see with the proposed solutions to global issues is that they are the same as the desired goals of megalomaniacs.
ok
Amazing!
I got goosebumps at 28 minutes
2014: "Where is your fingers?" 2021: "Where is your mind?"
The fallacy of a lotocracy is immediately apparent if you think about leading a company effort without bosses. Just randomly choose from the workers including the janitor, the receptionist and the CTO. Just have them learn from the experts and make the right decisions.
Congrats on getting 17m subs
The future is now, comrade
Great video. And as always thanks for producing
In a hypothetical world where you could travel the speed of light or very close to it, and there was internet everywhere including in space, what would happen if you were on FaceTime with someone who was on Earth while you were in a spaceship that could travel the speed of light and then after you started the call you started to go the speed of light or really close to it? Would it just immediately hang up? Would you see everything age super fast? I just thought of this after watching the video on headlights at the speed of light.
Bill gates need to talk to more people to reason better! His vaccination bussiness its nothing but fear and manipulation
Michael , Please cover this issue  for me ,  human age on earth VS another planet has longer or shorter year , please please please everytime I do research about it I end up in cul de sac .
*"Someday we will all be history"*  Damn, hitting me with that existential crisis
It’s like he’s reading out a script he wrote behind the camera
Very nice
This is the "science" channel. GOAT
The man is here
Looks like it’s time for our bi-annual Vsauce seminar
I love How Vsauce never asked you to Subscribe and he has 17 million subs What a Legend  It pretty annoying how almost every Youtuber just tells you to Subscribe when You don't know how Good their content is when your new to their channel
love this one
I'm not lazy, I'm just evolving
Industrial Society and its Consequences... 😔
I’m surprised i looked for a good 10 minutes in the comment section and finding so many people saying so many different things, and yet not a single one of them asked.
Michael is the best teacher I've ever seen in the coolest one to actually teach actual facts then things will need in life are things I would just straight up interesting to know. Thank you Michael for all your hard work in your videos
I'll be calling my mistakes "features" from now on, thanks🤙
how can you dislike this video?
I learned more from this man than I did in school. He’s a legend
So the theory of the cold death of the universe is very common. In the last time no more matter exist. Also the last super massive black hole is death no life or energy can born anymore, and then a new Big Bang is here and then new universe. But what if this isn’t the first universe? Sorry for grammar I’m Italian. If you can say my theory is already know or for some science rule this can’t be please tell me I want also opinions.
Michael: "where is your mind?"  Me: *Pixies intensifies*
This man got that white hair now
Lmao this is all Michael's big plan so he can get revived a million years in the future
Just wanna say Michael, you looking RIPPED in that shirt
This is captivating
I would like to leave my thoughts, but that would require reasoning about his reasoning.
Miss these videos
Michael called himself an awesome elephant
not even 2 minutes in and im lost
How did I get unsubscribed to Vsauce?
This is propaganda.... disappointed.
Ah yes, the wisdom of crowds. The wisdom that gave us Trump,and Brexit.
5:48 You know things will get interesting and creepy when this theme kicks in
Hi
Honestly one of the best videos he’s made, he covered so many different perspectives to lead up to everything with an impact to keep you hooked with real useful heartwarming information that is also serious and awakening in nature. All with pure patience and accuracy, absolutely incredible, I will be waiting for the next one🙂
No wonder people think I'm weird! I don't do a few of these kinds of reasoning.
So Michael for president?
I think we can all agree that vsauce should establish the first modern lottorcracy
Micheal stevens..................................... Is a real scientsit btw? Or is he.
Looks like China now owns you
The bit about reasoningand reading facial expressions seems to be more accurate to Nurotypicals. I have to reason alot of  social cues  because my nurodivergent brain can't tell if a frown is  sad or angery on its own.
The new vsauce soundtrack is lit
i like to take shrooms and auto play vsauce
26:50 instead of paying profesionales to teach them, why not just ask the professionals? Lol
14:26 weird I actually do that reasoning lol
8:08
The problem that the "wisdom of the crowd" becomes dangerously similar to the logical fallacy of the "argument from popularity" when the subject matter isn't a single unimportant or arbitrary value like the number of jelly beans in a jar.  Positions on complex societal matters requires either advanced education (to have informed reasonable positions) or the shortcut most people take of trusting authority figures.  This itself has promoted a group-think position of distrust of the higher-educated minority by the authoritarian majority such that being of the educated elite minority is now perceived as a negative. Too much book learning and not enough common sense as they put it.  If we selected at random people to deliberate we would get nowhere as those selected would more often be under-educated and would promote ideas based on flawed reasoning. Multiplying flawed reasoning doesn't get you the wisdom of the crowd for complex matters. It gets you a large group agreeing on irrational nonsense.  The courtroom jury analogy for lottocracy is flawed because we imbue the jury with authority and they base their decisions on externally presented evidence, not their own perspectives. People that cannot let go of their own biases are not permitted to be in a jury for that very reason.  Thus it isn't purely random either. Jurists are selected from a random pool but are THEN either accepted or rejected based on a standard of reasoning ability externally defined.  Likewise, in a lottocracy we would imbue a randomly selected citizen with some authority so their opinion would matter and could lead to actions. At that point, the people not selected might like or dislike that individual's perspective and desire that they remain in their position of authority or have them removed. To make such a situation just, people would have to vote. That thereby makes the individual essentially an elected official. Take away term limits or the ability for a vocal minority to override the will of the majority and you have essentially recreated Congress.  Voting is not inherently flawed, however. It is indeed an example of trying to tap into the wisdom of the crowd. The decisions of many converge on one individual that represents that group. The problem is that flawed reasoning and insufficient education league the voters resulting in individuals that DO represent them, severely flawed idiots that are then entrusted with authority.  Education is the key. Getting past the shortcut by which we dodge active reasoning would require informed decisions to be made. Too bad humans are lazy and would rather assume the truth of memes than actually research any issue, especially issues to which they are intuitively opposed.  Wisdom of the crowd kept the world thinking the Earth was flat far longer than necessary. A few key individuals with an open mind proved it otherwise. Authoritarian imprisoned or killed them for their heresy because power was given to large groups with irrational beliefs.
This elucidates the harm of social media.  "Now everyone has a voice!"  Maybe that's not the best thing.
what a great video
thank you. thank you.
Lets build less malls and plant trees instead
Interesting the position of everyone coming to a decision while collaborating with someone responsible for censoring 1/2 the argument!    Joke
vsauce diedw
Sponsored by Bill Gates, the guy that reasoned so much that he took the whole world in his pandemic hole of doom..
Am I alien because I grew a tail
5:48 What you were waiting for
I like the Vsauce that isn’t trying to be ridiculous or silly. This is so much better.
HowToBasic is Vsauce.
I wish people would stop complaining about the frequency of his videos. First of all, he has a toddler. Second of all, the quality gets better and better with each one. They’re getting longer, and he’s going deeper. What’s the problem?
🤩😉💜💖❤
Mind field s4 pls
Would not you say awesome be not only an observable notion by that of which we block out the sun? Eff giants and fat people. Zeus Jovi is a butthead and Michael the host rocks! My former friend Michael is a two timing murderer and a butthead.
Michael, I really appreciate your deep dives on various topics, so I would really love it if you can look into why the carbon cycle is never talked about in the climate debates. Increasing CO2 should increase the nutrients needed for plant life to thrive. All the plants in the ocean and land should aggressively undergo a population boom. Why is or isn't this discussed? Can you look into it and make a video?
24:40 enter Singularity...
Michael HEY! Here Vsauce
23:00 Echo Chambers are a dangerous thing
First, I'd like to say that I enjoyed your video. I think our reasoning for the most part is valid. It is just that none of us are Mr. Spock, being able to reason through any logical fallacy we might have. There is simple reasoning and complex reasoning, the example you gave of reason would take consideration and isn't something you can just come up with on the fly. If my reason for going to the store is to buy milk, it's pretty simple. But if I'm trying reason my way through a crime scene involving milk it gets complicated. Since Occam's razor dictates that the simplest explanation is usually the correct one, and since a lot of things take the path of least resistance, it stands to reason that simple reasons are usually given. Because too much overhead just complicates things.
Hey! Vsauce, viewer here. What if mount everest was a volcano?
Dude your attention span is amazing.
I imagine so strongly that sometimes I have to tell myself that what I just imagined was not real; to calm myself.
i love how people are hating on vsauce for promoting some bill gates book, over a book.  he also did mario farts so you cant hate on Michel
The hyperobject would be chosen by who in the lottocracy?
Please upload a video about indian school system
*22 minutes in*  Michael: we now arrive at the problem
Hellow sir ..god bless you po keep safe alwaysm
You should make a video explaining in depth why humans have different blood types
I understand him when he speaks but there is no I would be able to formulate these thoughts on my own LOL
First Vsauce video i disliked.
400,000 like lol
About time someone said it... I've had lots of people ask and wonder what makes us different from everything else... COMMUNICATION is how we become better.
21:30 - you are very, very wrong. We trusted Fauci and that guy has been lying to us for decades now
I sub to vsauce bc i want to leanr morein space but i guess more learning
ill die watching VSauce  i want to die like that
Very solid video!
When he pulled the brain out of the skull at the start, I immediately thought of the *”Shut up”* meme
not bill gates
Hey, Michael! Vsauce here!
sucks that this video was made with Bill Gates.
10/10 big like
Hey what if someone was 12 AND 14 at the same time but there was a game or something that was at the age restriction of 13 or older would they be able to play the game?
Michael is the type of guy who hypnotize ppls by talking 🙌🏼🔥
You'd have to kill off most of the Human population and go back to per-industrial technology to solve human caused climate change.  Therefore, if Earth is going through a human made mass extinction, it'll be impossible to stop, unless you delete the 3rd World and heavy polluters like India and China.  Good luck with that.
Fun fact: I haven't watched Vsauce since "Is your Red the same as my red"
Today's video felt way more "out there". Like when he said that aliens won't invite us to their pool parties because we use fossil fuels
"episode sponsored by Bill Gates" "Here's why everyone except for the tech elites need to be brainwashed or gassed."
Actually that is how I process of people are upset... but then again I am autistic, its a little more natural now but still get it wrong
Technosapian fucking love it
This guy should read Marx
Thank you for continuously giving us this *awesome* content Micheal, this is the stuff that helps me draw, motivates me for school and helps me sleep.  Thank you Vsauce.
Is it just me or do i see small shading in the video like a slight red and green now and then?
this video is in the top 3 for me  bravo
Awesome. This should be taught and form the basis of  our way forward. What a brilliant philosophy!
I need more SAUS
you know Michael about to get real when Jake Chudnow starts playing
Golden had to watch 3 times to understand. S/o blast of tempest
A conversation between Michael and Bill Gates would be amazing
Very important video to all people
On the issue if the internet plays a role in polarisation: When youtube allowed for video responses a lot of critical voices were linked and easily accessible. This time has gone, but I think comment sections and feeds (also on facebook) still do the same job. Hugo Mercier, one of the co-authors of The Enigma of Reason, cites in his new book Not Born Yesterday studies linking social media even to depolarisation. Beam et al "Facebook news and (de)polarization: reinforcing spirals in the 2016 US election". Also Dong-joon Jo "Better the Devil You Know : An Online Field Experiment on News Consumption".
I like hearing smart people talk
Sometimes I just pretend to understand what he says when I’m all honesty I’m just here for the background music and his voice to make me feel less lonely
I can see why it takes a while to put these videos out
Vsauce was awesome before that old YouTube Red stuff
you have convinced me to go eat at abc burgers
The
"phantom tenor "
Bill Gates is the last person to listen to about Climate Change and public health.
Everyone and everything is the only solution
Turns out bill gates was the hero we needed all along... all hail lord of microsoft, destroyer of inferior OS’s
As a Christian I believe in the soul, I believe in dichotomy, the belief that humans are body and soul. The mind is a non physical part of the body that is in the soul. It is not to say that your body is any less of you than your soul is, no, without the body we wouldn’t exist in the physical world, without the soul we would be like every other animal.
Hi this is shivanshu. ...or Am I?
0:00 Didn't know micheal used KING CRIMSON.
>Accountability >Responsibility >Reasoning has limits guyz! This video is propoganda to justify oversocialized cult thinking and to get white people (and ONLY white people) to throw everything to non-whites.
These videos help my anxiety so much! They rlly put the world in perspective, and perplex my brain just enough to realize that the minuscule thing I was worrying about, actually means nothing. Thanks Michael! ❤
😂😂
Me questioning my opinions and beliefs after watching this video
A man sat, a man said, for 30 min, and it was amazing to hear.
"I am not an elephant"     Or are you
"the world is not a logic puzzle"  Or is it
sause
NUCLEAR POWER AND ELECTRIC CARS RUNNING ON THAT POWER SHOULD BE THE NORM
And so begins the age of the hive minds
Michael, how can reason, our consciousness and the use of, form from nonreason?
Thanks Michael I understood everything
I believe Michael was trying to say something he’s not allowed to say. Covid1984thReich
We re like ants!! Lol
I recently started watching you and matpat how about a versus between you both
Vsause for president
I love the way Michael has shifted towards topics that are still interesting and informative for us as we get older..
Ok, I am going to sleep
Missed opportunity saying "Awesometer"
2:59 why do i find the molecules funy
I have for a long time thought the UK houses of lords, should be chosen at random.
Bitcoin fixes this by curbing our need to consume and spend and will kill planned obsolescence
11:34 Well here's another vsauce out of context moment for the books
See you guys in eight years when this pops up in your recommended
Excellent magic tricks
Hey Michael, Vsauce here.
hyper-objects must be addressed to by all of humankind
I miss watching your videos everymorning before school🥲
Time to start a lottocracy revolution boys
You should do a video on how big a living thing can get
Is it just me or does anyone else feel that once Michael's video start, it should never end
All these things are tools for the mind
1:57 : hmmm 5:47 :  ayeeee, there we go
I have a question you say " Hey Vsauce Michael here" on every video so are you calling us vsauce and the introducing your self or naming your channel then introducing yourself?
Waiting for next vid
22:50 I feel doubly seen here, I’ve been lone reasoning for years that intelligence/reason may fail at sufficiently large scale, as possibly demonstrated by current trends, comprising a great filter.  You both validated and schooled me.  THANKS.
All these years and Vsauce is still amazing! Thankyou Michael, thankyou for continuing to not only inspire me, but motivate me all these years. World citizens for tomorrows now! :D
Huge fan. I don't know where to even submit a question I'd like you to break down, but, would an invisible light bulb emit light?
So what you’re saying is we need to go back to monkey
Reasoning doesn't have a future so long as Twitter still exists.
Great video, but next time; less Adderall for the caption guy
When you buy shit tons of curiosity boxes as all of your grandparents died from altzimeters and your planning for the future
This is the best explanation on why the world is getting more radicalized by the day.
7:07 It's literally "With great power comes great responsibility." So Uncle Ben died for fucking nothing?
And as always, an exquisite piece of work.
We have Citizen assemblies here in Ireland that act as Micheal explained here, they have no hard power but are used to inform policy by giving recommendations representative of the people
4:18 global communism. That's how
you know you're about to question existence when he whips out   "or is it?"
Let's be honest, your late
Love when Vsauce them smooth cuts
This is real brain food
I just know one day this man will get cancelled for the stupidest thing ever
The question to "Is a married person looking at an umarried person " , I think have both answers , yes and no. Depends with witch reality you want to side with. This question has ambiguity, it produces two answers at the same time
3:18
I miss IMG!
Inertia(in Brain) => Cache(in Computer Memory)
“We haven’t found evidence of intelligent life” looks like Michael is living under a rock
Thanks for making videos public again
He’s not an elephant but it’s absolute that he is awesome
V SUS amogus 🤣
Hi, Michael. What an amazing and totally mind blowing video. I enjoyed it a lot. I have learned so much from you over the years. THANK YOU. A few criticisms and question though: 1- You say that the future people might want to bring us back to life, depending on how we deal with the global warming issue, as it "appears" _now_ as a hyper-object to us and it may very well not be, considering how little we know about its proportions due to the fact that it _now_ seems like a hyper-object. In any case, even now we are almost on the edge of simulating personalities and mind uploading is being given serious thoughts. So it is probably safe to assume that in the future, they wouldn't even need to bring us back to life, simply because, if need be, they can simply simulate us to the extend and minute detail that they can even determine all the possible answers we might give to a given situation or stimuli. More like simulating all the possible versions of 'us' even in the multiverses or parallel universes in one giant quantum computer in one go, without troubling themselves to bring us back to life at all. As pleasing as it might be "for us" to be brought back to life :D I think in the future, we can cause more problems than help with anything, maybe not... :)  2- Since you brought up, almost, the concept of 'right' or 'wrong' about how we arrive at conclusions, very expertly I might add :) . I still have to put my oar in, regarding the issue that it might all be worrying about the wrong parameters of our existence. What I mean is, given our current understanding of the state of things, and the sheer volume of the unknown, our universe can very possibly be either a simulation by the future versions of ourselves, maybe because knowing too much makes everything so boring for us in the far future so we simulated "us" ourselves again to make things interesting, or we might be the simulation runs of some higher dimension beings, or given the age of the universe, we can be the horses of some other intelligent race in a game and they have put bets on us. So in such scenarios it simply doesn't matter any more how much our reasoning is close to the facts, simply because we can never see it. Being a horse race of a higher intelligent being certainly sucks :)   Thanks again Michael.
Is it me or this video is really not monetized because i can’t see the ads
Doesn’t using nuclear energy greatly reduce pollution and increase power output? Too bad oil and gas industries lobby against it and produce propaganda. Too bad our politicians are bought and companies corrupt. That “Great Filter” could just be finding a way to weed out greedy people.
Oh whole world each person has its own thing.
How do you rethink everything? Exactly what drives me mad slowly every day, as a climate change consultant.
Ted warned us! He really warned us!
https://youtu.be/yC1A9WDeRHg
Vsauce be like:  "What is reason?"  Me: Looks away for 5 seconds  "What does it mean to be awesome, can we measure it with an awesome-ometer?"  Me: Looks away for 10 more seconds  "ABC burgers are cheap, and I have a coupon!"  Me: Dafuq
My child’s generation and there own kids will still be answering these questions. We are only a speck of time
"It would be a waste of time, and cognitive resources to construct grand slam reasons for everything I said, and did, and thought, when it wasn't necessary."  Michael is selling his grand slam of a channel short.
Trying to figure out the universe while rejecting God's revelation of himself and his plan in the Bible is a waste of time.
Okay but why do they play the soft jazz when they describe a functional government like it was a trailer for a porno?
2:50 good point
Is my brain in my head? 🤷‍♂️
Obviously we live in the matrix.
Felt like you were back on tracks. ❤❤❤❤
Naaah, I'll just keep calling people I disagree with bigots. Served me good so far.
he had me going till he said bill gates thats where i lost respect  for him
Michael gives me a headache 😫 no offense.
4:20 oh man, the frustration
This is a very well made and explained video that everyone needs to not ONLY see and truly understand.
At the end Michael is basically describing the concept of a soviet , but you ain't gonna hear those words in a video made in cooperation with Bill Gates
And as always... a great watch.
his watch disappears in some takes
Hey Vsauce, Michael here. How fast can you run? Or can you?
As always thought provoking.
Waiting for something........here it is......5:44
bill gates lol
John Haidt would be proud
Thanks Michael to remember my brain cells to keep themselves fit. ♥️
"you don't even have to think about it, dude."  Ethan Klein
What if Michael is an elephant , great memory recall - check!
but what is the dog actually doin???
Absolutely incredible video
I smell communism.. Michael... 😔
Quick, someone make an Anarcho-Vsaucism flag
I have literally thought of my own version of this "lottery".
14:00 , when that intuition beat drops though 😎
we should really discuss the antikythera mechanism
This is why people don't change their behaviors until they are forced to change. For example, we will not stop using fossil fuels as a species until we are forced to do so. We know fossil fuels are bad for the environment, but the results aren't immediate. It's like the proverbial frog slowly boiling to death vs the frog that jumps into boiling water.
nice
Hey Michael, dolphin here.
Nah...
0:05 - 0:06 watch his eyebrow raise
blink twice if u need us to rescue u from bill gates basement
This is brilliant. SO many points to dissect and refute.. SOOO GOOD. Thx.
I miss the shorter / less serious VSauce videos :(
Ayahuasca really changed this God.
27:00 shook my mind. I mean being correct is just being good at reasoning even tho u are wrong.
Vsauce I just want to thank you for your videos being there at 3 am for me to fall asleep to, no joke, they aren't boring or anything but it's easy to fall asleep to them, so again, thanks lol
Yo Michael, I have an idea for a video. how about an entire video on how lip-reading works or something along those lines. But the obvious catch would be that people would have to read your lips to understand what you're saying. Not only would this engage people in your video it would also flex their brain muscles and it would probably be pretty fun!   P.S. It would also require less time to work on as it would require less editing than other videos.
this is arts ❤️
Ok
i dont get minde blown that easly but every épisode with Mick dose the trick
Editor :*editing*  Vsauce : bEhaViOrAl iNeRtIa  Editor : *thinking about how much terminology vsauce knows* Vsauce : yes
Even if Michael isn't an elephant. Michael is always AWESOME.
Where is my mind¿?   🤔
Bill Gates can EABOD.
The Human race can't get out of its own way. Planet Killing Virus, Mars check, Earth almost check, Venus your next.
What's the image at 6:27 ?
capitalism is the antithesis of reason and humanity
Oof this still gets me the chills
11:34  Sounds like something an ELEPHANT would say.
Bill gates.......cough.......Epstein......cough
Absolutely Brilliant!
The Pixies - Where is your Mind? ft. Michael from Vsauce
Does anyone know if there's a connection between Bill Gates Book and the lottocracy Michael mentioned?
Fantastic as usual! A very interesting snapshot of this lottocracy and in particular about climate change is the French Convention Citoyenne pour le Climat (or the Citizen's Climate Convention) which turn out to offer an incredible number of pragmatic solutions on a nationwide level before being betrayed by Macron himself (aka the one who came up with the idea).
Can I just say that I appreciate the subtitles so so much. When a YouTuber just puts in that extra bit of effort to have well made subtitles for their videos it is amazing. As someone who is hard of hearing, they are so so nice to have. Thanks Michael! :)
Isnt it funny that Bill Gates supports a lottocracy? I mean he was not elected nor gained his power by merit. Every political system is flawed and I dont see the urge to change it completly. Michael argues in the first part of the video that all people would agree on the same thing(expect from different values) if they had the same information. So isnt it rational to care much more about educating people instead of changing the political system?
This is by far your best and most true video ever, like e v e r . I never ever in my life thought of this. The fact that i have watched all your videos (some i have watched again) and yet you still manage to vary you videos in such an amazing range shows how hard you try to make these videos. They are the most unique, informative, different and life-changing videos in existence. I am, as always, amazed, Michael. I'll be here waiting for your next video, until then, we can wait.
A
This would suck to watch high
What about groupthink, and group polarisation?
when u realize this guy is actually HowToBasic
you help me sleep
As soon as you said bill gates you lost me
"we will be the ancients" feels weird.
14:03 Terraria soundtrack?
Not sure how i got here. Must be in the bigger plan of the universe. New syb anyway! 😀
EGGS ???
27:00 Hello Think Tanks. What are you doing here? Oh, just brainwashing the people to think what big corpos want them to think? ok.
Good thing vsauce posted i was starting to think he fOrGot HiS pAsSwOrD
All this video reminds me is Twitter.
With Vsauce I always hit the like button once I hear "Vcauce, micheal here"
Nice point, but how?
Omg your “what’s Deja vu” video you look so different
"millions of years" lol
"'i'm am not an elephant" hit me hard
Samaj nhi aya par sunke acha lga
Describing global warming without saying global warming ✨
Hey VSauce.  I don't know if other people have the same opinion as me, but I would prefer 1 bigger video above 10 shorts. Please spend the time in longer videos instead of shorts.  YouTube isn't TikTok, it's sad that they imitate TikTok (which in my opinion is very awful).
Bogos binted 👽
Waw
The impolite science radiologically challenge because bird focally stretch without a new blouse. hushed, left rain
Michael after losing the election
And almost 8 thousand people disliked this... I would love the pleasure of sitting down with them and understand why!
I give this a 10/10 from my awesome-o-meter
0:33 we have to congratulate the amount of money spent on this
You seem to put the main accent on surviving or existence of species, and less on happiness. Shouldn't it be the other way around - shouldn't we first achieve happiness and then try to extend it for as long as possible? What good is in living forever, but being forever unhappy, suffering? Isn't it better to live for just 2 minutes being really happy, than living forever but being happy for just 1 minute during the eternity?   I'm not suggesting that going against self-preservation instinct (or the species-preserving genetical constitution) is necessary to be happy. I'm just saying, that maybe we should put the priority on happiness rather than on that. As there are many scenarios where we successfully preserve ourselves and our species, but live unhappy for the eternity. The complete succumbing to the popular opinion and lack of the speciality in own life (e.g. when the majority of people are deciding how your teeth should be repaired, and not the small group of specialists or even one single excellent surgeon) might be such scenario. You might always live with the terrible toothache, just using protein shakes and you wouldn't have to do work, as everything will be decided by majority for you, you'll just need to copy the lines from stackoverfolw or Google something, for example, living in a generally safe world. In other words this terrible miserable pain will not decrease your chances of survival.
incredible
Im only 42 seconds in. This video is mindbending
Thanks for putting the image of someone with a piece of tofu as there brain In my head... I dislike this image
Why does it seem like it’s been forever since you posted
Micheal makes some of the best content on the internet and that's undebatable by all reasoning
so... what I got from this is that Vsauce is a communist spy in cahoots with bill gates.
Shoutout Julia Galef
I really like your mind, my man
Hey Vsauce Michael here never gets old
funny part is all this video is making reason for statements
More...
He is a type of guy who can start a conversation on quantum mechanics, with his grandma during family dinners.
You can always look at 3 things. How the fire burns. How the water flows. And how this world tries to avoid building communism.
I swear I learn more interesting things here than in school in the last 7 years…
We all know that vsauce is better than vsauce 2 and 3
I used to respect you... You stayed impartial.. You let others come to their own conclusions. Now you serve an agenda... Unsubscribing. God bless, and I wish you well.
This Video needed more Adorno.
Michael knows to much how does he even live a normal life without questioning everything
WHOA, he is back to normal Vsauce.... YES. sorry was a little weird with the castaway beard build.
Always make videos.
I do not agree to Vsauce reasoning.
This… explains do much.  I think I’ve gained more wisdom for having watched this than I have from any other audio-visual medium.
Funny how Michael never asked for a single like and got 17 million subs. 'Legend'  Funny how i didn't ask for any likes but got 1k likes
Simple AMAZING...!!!! God should give that same speech to Moses. A very different world you know.
Trick with a wrist watch. Michael has a watch that appears and disappears on his wrist. Did I just notice it?
fantastic video but i still dont think democracy is that great. we're heading towards a time where the crowd might be accurate in a number estimate exercise but i dont think it'll be possible to have enough individuals of a _society_ educated and knowledgable enough in a future that demands every higher foreseeing ability. everyone has access to concepts necessary to make an numeral estimate of said example but only a fraction of the population has the concepts necessary to deal with the scenarios that are far less broadly accepted than climate change. the amount knowledge needed to make accurate decisions on something is exponentially increasing but the individual's knowledge is not. the true crowd rule might be a great tool for short term, obvious threats and probably better than the fake, half-assed, corrupt system of most representative democracies but my point still stands.
Also. As always... Thanks for the video.
I would love to have a conversation with you.
21:50, I'm sceptical of this. Is he saying there will probably be no one who gets closer than the average? If so, I'm 60% sure Michael's made a mistake here. (I'm perhaps being pedantic, as his main point is still right.)
I mean, we already fuck people over everyday. We might as do it for the good of humanity and the planet.
After collabing with Bill Gates you can collab with Epstein
Fascinating!!
It seems to me that the issue is as I've always believed. The world is run by a small number of people with power, giving the rest of us no hope that we can cause a change and causing us to give up on the idea of changing things, therefore giving governments and companies no incentive to change.
Teaming up with bill gates huh? He had a partner  in the medical industry once… unfortunately he ended up In jail and “killed himself.” Becareful who’s bed you lay in Mr. Sauce
i’m sorry but you’re just wrong
Masterpiece.
so vsauce sold out to bill gates...im done wtih this channel, bye
This video is a bunch of reasons for why reasoning is bad.
All elephants arent awesome 😔
0:05 Pixies: OOOOoooooOOooo
The best!
A lottocracy is a terrible idea that gets rid of merit, and including it really lowers the quality of this video and lead me to wonder why you made this video in the first place.  Also, I watch with subtitles and saw that you changed the script at times, and for the most part I understand why it wasn't updated, but there was a point where you included more talk of people opposing your (and probably Bill Gate's) view of climate change. Why don't you face your partner in this and shill like an adult?
English subtitle is wrong
I heard this song in 2017, but I never new what a hyperobject actually is until now https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LZSi42gtGMs
Yo hey turn on caption in the car begining and the beep boop sound Thurs in to the title
This makes me question my life 😰😬
I love when Michael asks: Or is it?
I know Michael, I was sad when I realized I was not an elephant either...
Someone talking about reasoning while at the same time assuming that his possibility of reasoning is the fruit of millions of years of random processes is not to be trusted in anything that comes out of his mouth,.
It's a very interesting model, but when we choose a leader, we give him the right to make decisions, but we also hold him responsible for it. If we start selecting random people, giving them opinions from different specialists, who will be responsible in case of huge mistakes? Responsibility is also one of the incentives to find the right solutions and deter personal interests.
There is a great rethinking idea (NEOM) but we hate it because the state behind it.
And I am here thinking this would supplement by computational semantics textbook.
And as always, thanks for watching
This may just be the most important video on Earth.
First
this may be the most important vsauce video of all time. I urge you to to share this with everyone you can.
You scared me when you entered lol
hey Vsauce. have you done a video about whats right and whats wrong? where do we draw the line? if any line?
Drugs are a good measure
I cant believe I just found this guy
What a great video! Well worth the wait
I wonder if this guy is vaccinated lol
The answer to every question posed here is that for the most part, humans are both stupid and selfish, and this is not likely to ever change until it causes our demise. It's never changed before, so why would it in the future?
What the flip would we do without Michael? What an awesome dude!
14:32 , no I do chose how I react based on these stimuli alone
Michael may not be an elephant, but he is still awesome
7.8k down votes? Why?
I've got some pretty unpopular opinions about video games, and I always feel like I have to justify it with reason. I wish I had enough confidence to say "I don't care, I like it!"
прикольно) он сам того не понимая описал принципы работы советов в СССР))
How about, for the lottocracy, people are picked from pools of experts. Scientists and experts on certain areas relevant to the decisions. And on top of this perhaps some people with other expertise (general public) to be swayed and give an outside perspective just to get a conversation going.
Vsauce is so intellectual yet he believes so strongly in society, which is so foolish for the big picture of mankind. He makes it seem like the world is being run the best it ever has and we are the smartest to come yet all this really is a tax farm designed to control our train of thought and make us feel important and in the know yet we are no different than a milk cow compared to the real humans who control everything behind their logos .
Did he say big scientists run the world haha
Did he just say crowds have wisdom? Crowds make the dumbest decisions.
Your back door is locked...  1:56...
my mind is on Jupiter and is controlling my body remotely LOL
my reason is to clap noobs
Climate change is a giant political tool perpetuated by peer pressure.
Your magnum opus
Ah, yes. Bill Gates. An elite involved with the WEF who is an absolute lunatic that couldn’t give a shit about the common man. Great source of information.
who tf dislikes this?
*”Where is my mind?”*
this blew my mind. holy cow.   holy corn god michael
Remember when he made a video about mario farting? *Good times.*
Where it ends at 7:30 - about empathy... this is exactly my message in the world. Sympathy and Empathy, Caring and Love - in a word, Compassion. How would you shift towards such a world from here? Communication with the Minds of people, just like Vsauce is here. There is a kind of contagion of awareness, ideas are like viruses of the mind, if you will - and by spreading such like the above, we can build better future.  It's interesting how that linked into Great Filters, and I imagine environmental impacts (both ecological and social) are I imagine some of several thousand arguments in favor of this.  My first Vsauce video, but I am subbed now. Had heard of this channel before, just never watched until now. I already love this guy...
ur gay and I DON'T LIKE the raised eyebrow thing I see u doing. It's uncomfortable
anarchism
after watching this, I certainly find joy when I find peaceful discussions or viewpoints shared in comments sections, as this is a part of our process of reason
Sad that you teamed-up with that crook of a man, great video though
Vsauce 2013: Where are your fingers? Vsauce 2021: Where is your mind?
Bet you feel bad about that other video you made now huh, or maybe it's way deeper than that.
If real life was a book every single character would be perfectly written.
Some might take this as a joke, which is fine. But damn... isnt he lowkey a great philosopher.
Bruh this might be biased but I feel like michael is the most knowledgeable guy in the universe
Criticism: (random decision makers)  This sounds like a centralization on unelected (undemocratic) terms that would be impossible to ensure the selection was indeed random and the random individual is not influenced. This would allow elites to completely circumvent elections wherein at least presumably hopefully a majority approval is given and perhaps result in an increased rate of ruin.  If we could ensure such a system were free of corruption, perhaps.
You made something of an error here. Many people would approach a person and "read" that they are feeling a certain way and INFER what that may be based on the knowledge of that individual or lack of. The analysis of body signals tells us what angle to infer from because we know at least subconsciously that this expression or posture or combination therein means typically this.  This would be especially prevalent in individuals with social disorder who MUST analyze behaviors in order to understand society and basic socialization.
It's called "reasoning", not "conclusioning". We find reasons for bias, not conclusions from reasons
This channel is awesome. The subtitles in this video are not.
Hey Michael I have a video suggestion that I think alot of families could benefit from, can you do a video on the impact of loot box style mechanics in video games and do a comparison with real world gambling and the psychological systems at work, my son is 8 y.o and loves exploring heavy topics with me but I don't know how to articulate everything involved, thank you 🙂
ugh 5:25 - "the way we deal with hyperobjects reveals a lot about the mind" but the way you partnered with Bill Gates reveals a lot about vSauce; also, I'd like to say that the lack of evidence of intelligent life may suggest a "Great Filter" - or just that the governments of the world want to hold onto their sovereignty and power by keeping it hidden...  *goes full blown conspiracy theorist*
10
It’s always that “or is it”
I so agree. Randomly chosen people for decisions would be so much better. I hope our world continues to become a better place.
I find your videos scintillating and mentally riveting. However, climate change is imminent and cyclical and even if you are a zealous adherent to say a “climate change is the number #1 enemy to our country” position; it is a moot point because as long as China is emitting more greenhouse gases and polluting more freshwater than the rest of the world combined the only recourse is to focus on your own country’s future and any contiguous neighboring countries who share the same worldview. I digress, alas the great filter isn’t climate change, never was or will be, rather instead of building up our military arsenals we should be more keen to establishing a cohesive international interstellar probe ring scanning for planet killing asteroids. They are our biggest enemy and even now with a 6 month alerted lead time there isn’t a damn thing we could do right now to stop a 3-4 kilometer freight train from decimating civilization as we know it.
If the universe exists infinitely there is effectively an infinite chance that at some point in the future a collection of atoms will rearrange itself into the exact state your brain was in when you died so that you kept living. This also means you will continue living infinitely from then on in infinite states that all experience an infinite variety of experiences. Worse than being dead? Who knows? Sounds too outlandish and made up for this universe but all of this can be inferred from my first proposition. Because a universe cannot come from absolutely nothing the universe must have existed for forever before this and therefore will exist forevermore. Also time is just a component of the universe so time cannot exist without the universe. Oh no...
Well now I understand how people can seem dumber than animals yet boast an incredibly complex and powerful brain simultaneously. The answer is that they aren't dumber than animals, we often reason for the sake of personal gratification and that can lead to a large variety of viewpoints through self re-enforcement.
wait he has 4k video resolution now!!?? hell yeah now i can watch funny bald science mans face in 4k
Where are the downvotes coming from?
Its almost like you need something like covid to help the world unite into a single manipulatable machine..and you throw in the bill gates team up haha ehh so its agreed..we do need to control population etc no doubt
Who else is fried asf
Mind in both brain and heart
Vsauce: because of people, using commu  me: communism  Vsauce: communication
14:16. I literally have to do that though and get it explained to me D:
the closed captions on this video could use some editing
I'm down for a lottocracy
Micheal may not be an Elephant, but he sure is awesome
11:42  XD
It’s so crazy how humans created a way of communicating with out communicating
holly Molly – that thing about the future people "reviving" us fkd my head real good
It's a great video and all but I can't focus on it, I'm having compulsive thoughts about putting climate disaster deniers and antivaxxers in prison.
Vsauce your now like a meme and they even add in roblox don't press the button  im not hating but it was funny
As a person who struggles with autism I'll have to disagree on you with the recognizing facial patterns. It takes all of my energy just to understand how other people are feeling.
When I watch these videos It really messes with my head. Some stuff he says really clicks on my head but then I feel like Micheals job is just to say really confusing shit and then vaguely explain that shit and then frictionlessly glide into another confusing statement that just give me more questions. Then boom I've watched a 30 minute video and my head just hurts
Hi Michael, wondering if you've ever done an AMA or anything of the sort? been watching for a while, and I think it'd be cool to learn a bit more about you. Nothing creepy.. lol just like fav music and that kinda stuff. If not, is it something you'd be interested in, maybe even as a collab on someone else's channel/podcast? (so as not to hurt your channel algorithmically)
I feel like I’m having an existential crisis and existential hope at the same time watching these videos.
Paul's married to Mark
How to basic
I couldn't stop thinking about MBTI while watching this. So many interesting connections.
9:10 chimps have joined the chat.....
When the aliens come, we should send Michael
The idea that vsauce learned anything from Bill Gates is laughable. Vsauce is a hero, Bill Gates buys influence and pedals vaccines while being the creator of the most virus-infested product OF. ALL. TIME.
Bruh i just think about whats a mind if we have a brain
Of course crowd reasoning and open discourse is good, that’s why social media bans users 🤣
Of course crowds have no biases. That’s why humanity believed in spirits and gods forever 🤣.
If too much population disturbs weather patterns and makes food production more expensive, there you go, that’s your limit on population. We don’t need a technocratic world government.
After being suicidal for a long time, I have just realized that the reason I am still alive is because I feel like Vsauce would be hella disappointed in me if I actually did it LOL
the Einstein of youtube
Vsauce discussing what sounds a heck of a lot like Anarchism. Based!
Hey!  Could u do something on reality shifting? Idk if u believe in it or anything but I would love to hear more about it
"The world is not a logic puzzle." Bull. Pics or it didn't happen.
Wow, I didn't know we were going to get more climate change propaganda from Vsauce. Sad.
Seems like in the end of his speech he invented soviet(council) authority but dodged of calling the names.
the mind is stored in the balls
That's a long time to say "capitalism is killing us all"
...
if you make school.. I come learn :) edit: thanks for you.. This video is gem!
ew concrete.
So if you're already were right, you need to go left!
Yeah it messes with your conception of free will when you think about how you don't really have good reason for most of the decisions you've made. And then when pressed you have to work backward and construct some 'reason' for why your life is the way it is.
Por qué será que todos estos sujetos simplemente aceptan que la mente existe si eso no ha recibido demostración? Por qué ese afán de hacer del humano algo especial en el universo? Tanto les cuesta aceptar que no somos especiales ni tenemos ninguna clase de conexión con algo metafísico ni tenemos una parte "espiritual"? Habría que preguntarse en lugar de "dónde está la mente" Y si no hay mente? Pues qué sucede? Pues nada, todo sigue igual.
What is your guy's thing with using the picture "School of Athens?"
14:18 that's exactly how I'm doing social stuff
Let's all remember this is the guy that made Mario farts
I love you. I miss you!
Like/dislike ratio is F888ing sweet
Watched this while eating
Great video!
> humans prefer the one with more functions   HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA Let me tell you about a company called Apple
Hey Vsauce, Michael here... Or am I?
Hey vsause Michael here
If aliens ever ask me to take them to our planets best representative I'm taking them straight to Vsauce. The guys one of the best of us. A thirst for knowledge and a passion to share said knowledge. Never going to unsubscribe.  Legend.
This guy is an anarchist! The techno salvation he mentioned is his way of explaining technocracy
One of the best videos on YouTube
There are so few videos i wish i could like twice. All of them, though, are by Vsauce
These feel like sermons. I love it.
Videos on topics that no one think are important are si rare and to find one of such great quality is always a pleasure. I'm always grateful to Michael for sharing such awesome free knowledge with us 👏🏻👍🏻 keep up the good work.
hey vsauce.. I have a question and its killing me.. is it possible to stab someone with a brick? bare hands... I was it proven experimentally not theoretically
Please can you add Arabic translation
“HEY VSAUCE! MICHAEL HERE”
A question for u Micheal what is mind in terms of science is it energy, a single atom, or a living being in our head?
GOOD SHOW.... ADDING HUMOR ADDING TASTE ...
I had to leave the video after he mentioned his affiliation with Bill Gates.
As a wise man once said, "Memories can be vile, repulsive little brutes. Like children, I suppose. But can we live without them? Memories are what our reason is based upon. If we cannot face them, we deny reason itself! Although why not? We aren’t contractually tied down to rationality! There is no sanity clause! So when you find yourself locked onto an unpleasant train of thought, heading for the places in your past where the screaming is unbearable, remember there’s always madness! Madness is the emergency exit… You can just step outside, and close the door on all those dreadful things that happened. You can lock them away… FOREVER."
Imagine getting a sponser from THE BILL GATES
hey people from 2040
People not only believe in different things, but they have DRASTICALLY different Thought PROCESSES … A.k.a. Mind Blown 🤯
Twitter ain't gonna like this one
I would like to talk to Michael about the universe and see what he has to say about my thoughts and opinions
i wonder what's the probability of a random ballot election randomly selecting people who'll form an evil government, and how that compares to the probability of trump being reelected under the electorial college system...
I'm awesome and I actually have a built-in awesomemonitor and it says ur awesome too...so just cuz ur not an elephant...ur still awesome 😎
I've watched 2 hours worth of vsauce's videos  It taught me more than i learnt at school in 10 years sheeeeeeesh
If only those people would use logic and reason and cubase and protools
I like the way of thinking where you encourage us to think for ourselves but ALSO encourage us to gouverne our own mind so we can change the way we think when new input arrives, even though it stands perpendicular to what we accept as truth at the current moment! Thank you for this video : very intriguing and right on topic!
0:05 i was about to say “on my hands”
Hey do a video on Advita and Buddhisim philosophy
"Instead of using reasoning to come to conclusions, we use conclusions to come to reasons" boom.
Bill Gates made his rounds with all the big science youtubers, good way to advertise. On an unrelated note, too bad about his buddy Epstein, heard he passed away
Isn't the mind the experience of the brain? No brain, no mind, no experience.
I love you sabine, soooo much!!!! It hurts
LEftist drivel.
overthinking like this had made me dropout of college and stay unemployed.  i hope i have a good reasoning
There are *900 Billion* jelly beans in that jar. Lock it in. That's my final answer.
I always thought his intro was gonna lead to an ad
10:45 actually we don't know if mary is a person so checkmate nerd.
I be nodding while not understanding a single syllable coming out his mouth
R u still scared of purple squares
There is no reason here.  Just ask my flat earth friend.
Great video; watched it twice back to back! Question: what would the effect of deliberation and coming to a “democratic group estimation” in the jellybean experiment be as opposed to (the average of) individual estimation? Would the result be more accurate or less accurate? My guess would be that consensus would lead to less accuracy, because of psychosocial effects. Has this experiment ever been conducted?
vsauce makes the brain expand
annnd downloaded
Screw humanity go back to monke
I am now a lottacracy truther
https://youtu.be/Pj6ug95_QuQ
Best video you have ever made 🙌
"You don't consciously reason out why someone is upset" Speak for yourself. I'm autistic, that's the only way I can tell, and it's about 60% accurate.
His topic are so weird. His topics are: things you do everyday and everywhere, but you don't think about it. 🤔
Anyone else here autistic and EXTREMELY STUBBORN so very little of this resonated with them?  lol
What would happen if for five seconds the gravity everywhere would invert
I gotta stop watching these stoned
Amazing
Hey man I really hope u can answer this because I can’t seem to find an answer.  If ever there was a person ( people) who could answer this it’s you ..  can you come to a stop in space ? If everything is going really fast what would happen if u do ?
where is your mom?
this was tough and great. big thanks
25:52 I get the feeling that if you did this irl now a days its gonna turn into a fist fight very quickly
6:25 rocking the boat made my skin crawl for a sec
i came here to try and learn something but lost brain cells trying to understand it
A very sensual reminder of how we are //killing ourselves// 👌👌
Even though it is blatentely obvious, and im being rude by saying this, but do you also believe that catered to your opinions, most of the media is dumb?
Hey Vsauce, why do humans naturally like music? is it a behavioral thing? or is it something else?
It's impossible for the most part to have the necessary data to support most reasoning attempts, so it makes no sense that evolution would be able to have us reason in such a way that would give us the best or most appropriate answer. All the evolution mechanism really care about is is it good enough and is it better than than the other options available as far as survival and reproduction is concerned.
What will happen if a meteor will hit a earth plate border?
As a random person said on the internet somewhere I found: *the worst dystopia, is where the people who live in that dystopia think its a utopia.*
I find it amazing that the face behind how to basic is one of the most smartest youtubers.
Make a Leanback!
i forgot what the word reason means
A lottocracy sounds very susceptible to trolls.
Michael will be forever known as one of the greatest philosophers of his time
Always feel sleepy by the end of Micheal's videos
Did vsauce sell his soul to hill gates
No laptops for planning ? 😜
As I watched this video, I became aware of myself like never before
vsauce sucks ! hes not smart ! hes dumb !
Do a tedtalk on this bro
Vsauce? *Takes drag on cigarette* That's a name I haven't heard in a long time...
Alright so we’re fucked. Gotcha.
23:23 Anyone know what this soundtrack is called? Been searching for ages...
Pretty rich though for a guy to write a book addressing climate change after he used that consumption to become one of the richest humans to ever walk the planet. Then cash in some more by writing books.
My mind is in my hip
partnering with Bill Gates... yeah, no
20:40 so you’re saying I think 2x as much as other people? Lol :)
14:03 that intuition beat switch though
This is brilliant.  Explains confirmation bias and the Dunning Kruger effect.
You are assuming that everyone is as wise as you
I barf on your partnership with Bill Gates. I stopped watching as soon as I read this horror. Enjoy your slavery, minion.
Congrats on 17 mil Michael
I love this video ratio
Hey Michael, what does nothing look like?
Bro...
And as always, thanks for teaching
When capitalism is destroying the planet so you partner up with a capitalist to talk about why we won't save the planet
i have no idea what most of these words mean but ill keep watching
Too much connotation
0:05 way out in the water, see it swimmin.
7.8k dislikes are all from Karens
The idea of getting random people to make economic and political decisions, much like a jury, is really what seems to be democratically right and kind of revolutionary in itself. Thanks again!!
Question: do you refer to yourself as a philosopher
michael there are barely any cuts in the footage... you have too much knowledge and must be stopped
IM SORRY PARTNERED WITH BILL GATES????>>???!?!?!?>!!!?!>?
How did he make those phones, calendars, and notes appear out of thin air
There is no ads in this 30 minute video
🅱️ O R S E
Why light is so fast,did u have ans
That got me incredibly exited about a possible future
This will be his lowest viewed video. And the world needs to see it!!!!! 🦄💡
To no avail Vsauce is a time traveler
It's YOU DON'T STILL HAVE ENOUGH DATA, mate. That's what nobody understand, wen have enough data to prove 1+1=2. But we don't have enough data to explain things like love or morality. Universe is a logic based system, it's a function. To use a function we need enough data which we don't have currently. So don't think WRONG...........
This information is too much for my brain 😶
As a lifelong epistemology enthusiast, I nevertheless found this to be one of the most impactful videos I have ever watched
Vsauce < Vaginasauce  I found out what the V means
5:47 Y'all know what's up.
Yo, people maybe we should stop saying, wow I agree with this and then leave it alone and actually act accordingly, wisdom must also be taken to practice y'know
""The Crowd."" Oh no... Democracy...
It feels like he is explaining humanity to aliens
https://youtu.be/dWPaZaL27SU
Michael you may not be an elephant, but you are still awesome.
I would like to live in a lottocracy.
vsauce: where is our brain   3 min later: atoms         Edit: 99 LIKES WHAT THE-
What if you did a back flip in the middle of space? Would you just eternally spin?
How big would a room or closed space need to be for there to be wind? When would gravity affect the air particles enough to create movement and generate what we call wind? ~me
you mean kill gates? reasoning.. with micro chips.. hopefully kill gates will be soon arrested and charged for crimes against humanity!!!
You need to make a shirt that says ‘or is it 🤨’ if you haven’t already
reasoning these days are whoever can make the greater insult first
I'm about halfway through this video and I keep noticing that your watch is on and off your wrist.
An interesting presentation with some glaring omissions.  One example is the very significant, often counter intuitive and counter reason role of emotion in the thinking process.  Another example is the historical fact that majority group reasoning consensuses are very often greatly influenced by much  smaller groups consisting of intellectuals and their adherents..  They often use non rational means, such as appeals to emotion, social pressure and various other types of coercion to control majority group opinions to achieve and maintain political power.  This is especially true if they are able to control the education of the young. I question the entire premise of this "lecture".  The push to reevaluate and restructure everything doesn't stem from the progress of scientific or academic advancement.  It stems from a particular school of political philosophy which has gradually infected our educational institutions and society like a disease.  It relies on suppression, coercion and deception to expand its influence and acceptance as a majority opinion.  Historically, once its adherents gain any control, they leverage it to suppress all dissension until ultimately a totalitarian control is achieved.
vsauce: 2+2=4  me: :o
Toh mein kya Karu job chod du
I mean in theory it sounds awesome. It sounds like the way we should evolve, all working together as one mass consciousness.  The problem is people don't know how to communicate. They don't know how to learn. They don't know how to filter. You get the jumbled mess that is social media. Perhaps those are the traits the leadership has to have.  The debates and conversations among neighbors would not do the leading but would just be for the leaders to observe and take in, like little machines running various scenarios and outcomes. The leaders have to effectively lead with a benevolent and higher purpose.  They have to be able to see the bigger picture. They have to be able to harness humanity.
I can listen to him for hours
"We will all one day, become the ancients". That hit hard man.
The shy nation steadily crack because shrimp morphologically burn athwart a rebel single. skinny, swanky course
When the vsauce soundtrack kicks in
The fact that V-Sauce talked about the Great filter scares me
Terimakasih Atas Informasinya 😎
I completely love this video, it's funny to say but it changed my mind about the world... I'm gonna be a leader not a follower, thanks for the advice... Hahahahaha I love you Michelle
Where is my mind?
This truly is a masterpiece of a video from start to finish.
So why don't we simplify the Rube Goldberg machine that is nuclear power regulations so it doesn't take decades and billions of extra dollars in cost, then use the much cheaper power to support carbon capture?  Power cost is the biggest factor holding carbon capture back after all.
Bill Gates is a charlatan.
16:24 Humans are pretty strong though. Physically, I mean. We have excellent grip and lifting strength, being great apes. But even among the great apes, we can strike with or throw rocks or other carried objects with much greater speed, which largely eliminates the need for claws or teeth in fight. And don't get me started on human endurance. Over distances of many miles, humans can outrun almost any other land animal. Our only real weakness is low top speed.
Multiple universes, Multiple possibilities, and multiple choices led to this single video to be created   *Or is it?*
Be of one mind.
yea but is it? ........... dunnnnn dun-dun
Now I understand why people don't go vegan
Do a video about how humanity can’t cope with the demand for meat
Incredible, absolutely phenomenal
Well this was an eye opener
1:32 stop promoting rodblockss
Hey! Vsauce, Michael here. Where is your mind?                                                Where are your fingers?                                               .ereh leahciM ,ecuasV !Yeh
Sanctimonious mind.
Hi
Awesome-ometers now in the new Curiosity Box
There isn't something like a climate disaster : it's made up by a salesman in vaccines who is only thinking of personal power and comes up with solutions that benefit to that by enslaving people instead of setting them free : local small scale producing is means independence  but that doesn't match with multinationals . The disaster is not the climate : it's chemical intensive agriculture and cutting threes .
Goosebumps
Confirmation bias: when you Google "why vaccines are bad" instead of "are vaccines good or bad
Profound.
The secret about Vsauce he is *HowToB...... try continue the "B" word
this deserves to be the most subscribed channel on youtube, or just rapidly increase in subscribers, btw congrats on 17m vsauce, ive been watchng you since i learned how to use a computer, basically as a toddler, thank u lol
Thanks Michael!!. . You are an English version of Bhagwat Geeta
cant believe i get to listen to this for free
Hey Vsauce will they ever terraform Mars? And if they ever do when do you think it will happen?
Amazing episode! No words!! 🤯
Isn't the lottocracy an idea mentioned in Isaac Asimov books? I vaguely remember the part where the person elected at random entered a room where he or she had to answer a single questions.... Anyone know in which book it is ?
The part I don't like the most in Vsauce videos is when that upbeat music starts and I realize the video will soon end :')
Hey Michael, VSauce here. Jeffery Epstein was a monster. Or was he? *cue music* Bill Gates was his friend so how bad could he be?
Since Lottocracy is a social experiment and should be encouraged to put it to the test and learn if anything does come to fruition...Although with the same eagerness, all kinds of social experimentation should too, put to test.   Here's what I'm jumping to a conclusion on why Lottocracy won't work, the majority of people are ignorant and may as well have bad reasoning...whereas those of minority of people usually have good reasoning.  I'm opting for a layer of decision-making...Those with MERITOCRACY or EDUCATIONOCRACY (I'm applying the IQ realm) should first sort out to put into the top group, THEN apply the LOTTOCRACY to those the top, THEN those with whatever decisions or goals must come to VOTE and would apply the DEMOCRACY.  We can't have only one decision-making process for everyone...it should be layered instead.  (Meritocracy/Educationoracy/IQocracy > Lottocracy > Democracy)...All we can do is compete in higher education if we wish to influence society as a whole.  That would seem to be a smart idea.  For those with the misfortune, all they can do is support the IDEA of these layered processes. And hope the outcome will benefit everyone instead of the top.
This is a shockingly well balanced video. You guys don’t like to admit it, but if you sit down with people who “don’t believe in climate change” you’ll discover that what they really take issue with is the proposed so called solutions. They think they have enough trouble restraining their local government, let alone global government. They see the government using it as an excuse to further tax regulate and expand, they see big companies pretending to care, tech oligopolies using it to flex their muscles, and ungodly rich people lecture them for just trying to live life. They look at things like the green new deal and all they see is massive wealth redistribution (one can argue whether that’s the intent or not, but it doesn’t really matter.) On top of that, they’ve come to think that all those people pushing it hate them. It’s to the point where they say “I’d rather the earth burn than comply with those people” I encourage you guys to look past talking points and see why people believe certain things. “They don’t believe in science” doesn’t mean anything for a variety of reasons and you know that.
this video reminds me of this video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tSB3HIN9D88
Sadly cringe, meme culture plays a huge factor now. We are reversing in intellect as a whole, that the few who are progressed cannot save.
This video is...          A masterpiece
This video has hidden agenda written all over it. Unsubbed.
Whenever Vsauce uploads, you know your brain is about to expand.
The world is super cool and I can't wait!  Vsause: Or Is it?
Why don't we stop the coal fires all over our planet? There are waaaay more than you would think.
This video is pure gold.
Is this Video dubbed, Or its speed Altered?
yes and therein lies the problem...the oligarchies are what stops us from reasoning, too much political bias, propaganda, government has too much of a foothold on society.
I think that Vsauce has the best educational videos on youtube and I still get an awe every time he releases a video like the first video I ever watched from this channel , it is amazing
Could you do a video on environmental impacts of humans? Like a world without trees or how long until we look like the people from WALL-E
Yes that would lead to better environmental decisions but the world is not fueld by "better", it is fueld by "more powerful".
You make my brain hurt, and I love it!!!
Hey Vsauce, where does our consciousness go when we are sleeping ?
d-did michael discover dialectical materialism ??
Oh look another zombie that believes the masters instead of their own eyes.   Tony Heller will save you from your delusional state.  Coldest May in arizona I can remember.   We have photographs of objects seaside for 100 years.  No visible change in sea level
Lets just call reasoning a "guess"
What the fuck is he talking about
whos says i'm not allowed to perceive things that may or may not exist
I can’t believe this is the guy that does HowToBasic
I’m just gonna say I usually have no idea what’s going on
Vsauce: wwhy is the impostor sus?
Dude, just like, thanks. Your work is a blessing.
Unlike any other thing I watch on youtube, I always finish your videos with some positive energy
I do offer all kind of financial loans... contact to apply
That was a pretty good video
Hey vsaucemaykehir
superb video, very well done
this guy thought me more than my father did lmao
HowToBasic
The last statement is true if we all survive
How to basic
this could easily be sponsored by reddit
Your best video yet. Awesome.
Great video! But I didn't like that super-close zoom.
Bill gates. Lol
Oh Gates is involved? I thought i tasted propaganda.
6:39 i thought my brain skipped
I just realised sauce got another 100k subs since yeaterday
Whats the speed of time?..
What would nothing look like?  nothing, no humans, earth, universe. Northing.
Incredible content. Thank you, Michael
If you put any keywords like Bill Gates, Conspiracy, Climate Change, etc in the title or the thumbnail the comment section would be awful
I FUCKING LOVE SCIENCE!
This is Fantastic Stuff. Love it. As always   Well Said.
16:27 we aren't what?  Love this vid btw
You lost me at Bill Gates...
0:01 *”vgdbsjdhebrejisjswbd”* captions: “The Future of Reasoning” Hmmmmmm 🤔
Reasoning comes from Guidance from the Supreme
this was really beautiful and thoughtful wow
Just came to hear him say "hey vsauce"
Where are your fingers?no,WHERE ARE YOUR BRAINS.
I’d like to see a Mindfield type video exploring exactly how many people, on average, can be expected to keep a lie.  Given our current culture of conspiracy theorists, I’d like to see scientific data on just how many people can keep a secret, or cover up a lie based on various types of incentives.  I.E. if your job were on the line, or implied threats of violence or retaliation, even social ostracization would hypothetically Increase the number of people that could keep a lie secret, versus say, just not hurting the feelings of another.    All with implications on the whistleblower community / function of government.  It would be fascinating psychology.
Yay
more skool things
The problem with this whole thinking is that you construct reason in a human-centered perspective, not nature-centered, as if we were the responsible for building reality around us. Easy mistake, since we can create some things around us, but not true. Reality is fundamentally not human made, it is human discovered. As such, we can avoid every problem in reasoning described if we just put nature to guide us; observing and letting the result of tests dictate what's real instead of deciding it by ourselves: Science.  At some point, we seem to have decided that science is not to guide us in social constructs, such as societies' systems, serving just as a system to make the things that the nonscientific societal system decides should be done. That was the wrong call (or maybe the right call for the time). We should instead consider today that maybe that can be done. A scientific guided/constructed society is possible, and maybe the final solution to all our problems. A system where science heads, not follows; societal decisions.  We are not the masters of reality, we just live in it.
Evolution: weak proof, people search for a so called "intellectual" to give them reasons to follow their personal interests without feeling guilt for their immorality. Both evolution and creation need faith. When you die you will be judged and if you did not trust in jesus you will be cast into the lake of fire.
Actually not too little people need to derieve the upset (or any other) mood of a person by actually noticing all that. We seem cold to many, but we aren't, we are just blind to it until we take a closer look (which many interpret as rude behaviour), so do not expect sympathy if you answer you'd be great, when asked if somethings bothering you.
Wow
Make more videos
Yep, another 4 months of wait for a a vsauce video
What is tranquility but stagnation -doomfist
This is more fun than school and plus it's not pointless
The only question is where's the reason is in the mind or in the heart
Watched this video in full 3 times now
My mind was in my baby teeth... that’s why I’m an idiot cus I lost em all
Coupon! 18:31
I sort of believe that instead of being more rational, it would be better if humans were more empathetic or sympathetic. In general most of us are but many of us need that extra push to care about the enviornment and things that aren't normally thought of as "important" on an industrial scale
"I've decided that... I want to die" -Michael Vsauce
13:30 is the belief system hard wired among religions having believers.  18:05 is what sales people do😂  21:00 is democracy ❤️
I almost clicked off the video because I found it hard to keep interest but I stopped watching and stated just listening and it was very fascinating
Is global warming real, because it has approximately 7.9 billion people who is breathing out carbon dioxide every 3-5 seconds 🤨🤔
This video is awesome, but one phrase threw me off. I know there was a lot of growth in the US in the 20th century, more than in other places. But it is still only 2% of the world's land - if my math is right. Should it really be surprising that 98% of the world used more concrete in 20 years than 2% used in 100 years? (2:15)
Insanely idealised proposition. Bob(Brenda) IT Guy/Bob(Brenda) Bricklayer/Bob (Brenda) scientist who gets positioned in state of power will have a legion of people around them to influence their decisions. Nothing like this could possibly work in the real world. There are an inifinite number of idealised ways we could manipulate culture and society to be benificial for all, and I'd be onboard with them if they had an reasonable chance of succeeding. This is wishful thinking and nonsense.
01:57 expected transition to a very specific soundtrack.  was disappointed. :(
10:33 Mary might be their dog or something. Is an unmarried dog a person?
The second you said bill gates I stopped the video. You fucked up 👎👎👎
Every now and then some democratically elected person says something like "drink bleach to cure your covid-19" or "grab 'em by the pussy", and we are all reminded of the fact that we really do need reason, and that the wisdom of the crowd can be heavily manipulated. Good reasoning matters.
Sometimes I'm paying so much attention i don't even learn 😭
“Hey v sauce, michael here” this line never gets old
Like it❤️💕. Reason ?
Vsauce ist my school teacher and when I have a Problem With anything he is  answering all and some More from that what I am searching for. Hahahaha
There are quite a few holes in the reasoning presented in this video, many conclusions that don’t necessarily follow from the facts presented.   The social theory of reason is interesting.  Thanks for creating this video.
Its so weird to see that he is HowToBasic
11:36 "I am not an elephant" ...or am I?
What would world look like if there were only 80 elements in periodic table.  Please reply or  make a video on this
I get really scared when Michael doesn't appear on the screen in one or two seconds
Can you do a deep research on the PCR tests, the origins of the virus, and the effectiveness of the vaccine?
Loved this one.
my head hurts. Thanks!
I can think of a few... people.. that don't have empathy to begin with
Watch VSauce while Drinking coffe in your couch is sooo relaxing
Where's Jake Chudnow at?
Baldis basics 🥚
This really makes me think
Modern Philosophy
But What is the Point The universe will reset itself
Brain is the best gift god gave us. Why do we feell happy jelous sad bored if our brain is just a chunk of whatever you said. Why do you trust science. Science was created by people who are controlled by a chunk of nothing
Existencial crisis...lessss gooo
5:43 is what you came here for. I swear. I'm gonna have Michael present my eulogy.  HA HA
his watch mysteriously disappeared around 21:25
An amazing episode.
Soo..we finally advocating Hive mind or Sibyl system in psycho pass
Vsauce came a long way from nudity in gaming to this...
I love how all of his videos just state the obvious in a super deep way.
Why not technocracy ?
He broke the skull lol
I lost all my reasoning since she left
23:42 I really hoped in that moment something self-referential would have happened and like the brick wall fell to reveal a green screan and the camera turns to reveal the camera crew all in tinfoil hats and with an "I believe" poster on the wall or something. Just something to show that Vsauce is another provider of ideas, though with good reasoning, in my eyes atleast, they also are just one provider and also prepare me for a discussion that may never come.
At 13 minutes it's all b******* just like they stole the election and tricked us into believing Joe Biden was the elected president. it's no different in the pictures if you already made up your mind and then somebody swaps them out how are you supposed to remember a stack of faces this isn't reasoning this is b*******
The careless farm temporally stop because router quantitatively produce via a cheerful athlete. lacking, white drug
Who needs reasoning when you have Jesus. Global warming is the tilt of the earth axis, from all the concrete being poured in India, and China. With them sucking up the water table poles shit environmentalist s*** and the new world order continues.
Fun fact : Michel is the only youtuber that is that big but doesn't ask to subscribe
Wisdom of the crowd... LOL
Sadly, truth, fact, and reality aren't always one
Ur how to basic
Michael might be an elephant actually, depending on how one defines the word “elephant”. Thus follows the beauty and concurrent disruptive inconsistency of logic (and truth) depending on the lens one is looking through.
The crowd didn't avoid Galileo's conflict with the Catholic Church. Just because many people could POTENTIALLY be close to an answer, it's not the correct one. You could use that in a case of A or B situation, or choosing the closest number, but not in a life or death situation or what it's best for the people or country.
My mind is in the middle of my nose
5:28 just saved mysed 25 mins when he mentioned bill gates O:
This didnt age well :0
COMME TU REMARQUE MONGOLS JE SUIS TA QUEUE?ET MOI DIEU TE FILICITE POUR TON BON TRAVAIL! EXACTEMENT COMME JUDA MON FILS! LE MEILLEUR SERVITEUR DE JÉSUS!GRACE À TOI? JE VOUS DÉSINTÈGRE
As long as Twitter exists, there will be no reasoning
And as always, thanks for uploading.
Oh man came to check on this channel used to be cool and showcase cool science now it’s propaganda....
This guy should be on TED Talks
When an organism or group's environment becomes comfortable and familiar for an extended period of time, internal dynamics (self-examination / discussion) become the greater portion of the energies and efforts put forth. It's at this point that environmental changes which ought to be noticed are ignored or minimized. Behavioral inertia *reinforces* this commitment to internal dynamics (self-promotion / politics), making the realization of a changing environment not just difficult to grasp, but *appearing* as merely a new branch of this internal dynamic (power struggle).   That's *REAL* Political Science from someone brilliant enough to know that "Political Scientists" don't know shit.
GooD
The four frail taurus interestingly order because surgeon reversely dream of a psychedelic yew. glossy, innate sweatshirt
Amaze!
This is a very important video in these times
Now think, is it the reasonable choice to trust everything he has told us because he's (and the people he works with) an expert, to distrust everything until debating it with a random person who has other opinions, to just distrust it because you don't agree with it or to simply take in a part of all the important things he talked about and leave others be for any reason? In the end, as a community and a "varied" group of people, don't you think this video ends up being mostly useless and not as impactful if any of those are the actions taken in the end? Discuss in more than 300 words.
How come despite the increase of climate temperature there have been no increases in extreme storms decade over decade?
Bill Gates?...Epstein's friend, Captain Covid19 and megalomaniac.
We already do have a system of delivering hive intelligence. It's called market.
Can we get Michael to make a video of "is that what she said?"
I feel like i have a mission to watch every V Sauce video before i go to grade 8 so I at least learned something new throughout the summer break.
In my humble opinion; when you make inferences, you are employing JUDGEMENT.  REASON makes conclusions, not inferences.
he's back
Since when did Vsauce go full communist? WHAT DA
I'm having a midlife crisis, HELP!
The problem with luttocracy is that the experts themselves who coach the deliberators could still be bought by special interests to push a specific agenda. Eventually that agenda would infiltrate the very mechanism of the system itself. It would also be prone to the problem of the majority imposing policy at the expense of the minority.
very cool
3:00 me and the boys during lockdown
His best video ever!
I knew collective decisions are best but I don't know why nobody has gotten the idea to build a blockchain based decision making/voting system for making decisions on most pressing and important issues faced by a nation. I would've done it on priority. Make me president 😂😎
Our monetary system is the problem. I believe as a somewhat intelligent species we owe it to ourselves and future generations to provide atleast the very basic necessities to live, anything extra, is your responsibility.
Imagine when micheals dead at his funeral and he jumps out of the coffin and says "or am I?" and goes on to explain why a circle is a square..
Check out the video "climate grief" if you are interested more in the hyper object concept
"poorer than 'us' " ¿?
Lottocracy reminds me of the latest philosophytube video, ignorance in ignorance out. Not to mention if we run by lottocracy that might mean minority might always have a lesser chance of being elected
Well done
Meh, I’m good with being a discrete variable. Lotto sounds like an awful idea lmfao. Interesting argument though. Hundreds of thousands is far fewer than 350 million in the U.S. and the prospects for careers/educational standards were also dwarfed by the Renaissance. Lottocracy just wouldn’t work with the diversity of our nation imo.
Thank you for making me feel like I understand who I am and my purpose or lack of <3
Thank you Bill Gates for paying off every Youtube channel to voice your opinion. Now I know how far your reach is
19:15-19:30 Nice job Michael basically saying conspiracy theorist without saying it
The mind field series was okay, but mike on his own is more interesting and makes better content. Hope to see more of these longer videos again.
Allow no external costs to be ignored in the cost of doing businesses. Toilet train technology. Clean as we go.
Michael’s mom at his funeral: He was such a good man. Michael: Or am I? *Proceeds to shoot everyone in the room.*
It’s been a month since this was uploaded and I still want an international deliberation day
And after watching this video people will continue to buy coffee because it's convenient instead of reusing a thermos. Water bottles instead of installing a filter. List goes on.
I am not an elephant.                        -Michael (Vsauce)
I have a question , that is what will happen if we jump through out the Earth , I mean what will theoriticaly happen ??🤔🤔
Been hearing about this and all the fear mongering and guesses and just plain being wrong for literally my entire life starting with global cooling and the oncoming ice age in the 70s. 30 years ago we only had 10 more years before it's too late, 25 years ago we only had 10 more years before it's too late. We're 4 years into the '12 years before it's too late'. Global climate is complicated and the current decisions are all being done based models and assumptions.
makannya kalo grupnya kecil musyawarah jangan voting
He reminds me of Murray bauman from strangers things 😭🤣
the lottocracy sounds like Irelands "citizen's assembly" which  debates all potential changes to Irelands constitution before it can be put forward to a vote
Mass Effect anyone?
Tis' so damn good
Instead of using reasons to come to conclusions, we use “conclusions” to  come to reasons. @15:02
Fine ill ask, what is that picture of at 6:27 ?
National Deliberation Day!
My brain just became alpaca evolution
Michael never disappoints at delivering existential dread. And I love it!
These are the best to watch when you’re that right amount of tired where your brain truly activates
E
Vsauce makes me proud of humanity.
Crystal. Blue. Persuasion.  Thank you, Kevin!
Vsauce 2010: "MARIO FARTS!!!!! FFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFFPFPPPPPPPPPPPPPF OO I MAKE-A DA WATER DIRTY!" 11 years, 47 acid drops, 5 dmt trips, 15 nootropics later: "What is the future of reasoning?"
This channel is like a real life Flowers for Algernon, except it never reverted back to retarded. For real, when did this channel go from Mario Farts to one of the most viewed science channels? lol This channel has went a long way, it use to be about retro video games and silly stuff, now its all about science, paradoxes, consciousness, existence, reality-questioning, etc.
These videos are PROFOUND. We will be the ancients — that’s incredible. Leave a legacy, I love it... a kind and helpful legacy at that
The elastic puma proximally wait because swimming mathematically untidy aboard a plant carol. yellow, lavish quicksand
0:03
Cockraoche abusing is irrational and stupid, no matter the greater good!
This is the worst attack on reason I have ever seen
Curious.
Sorry god for using Michael as ASMR
My god, its like I have another instructor. I'm in college right now going through the Creative Presentation general course and this offered so much insight. Not only did this lecture teach me more on human understanding, but my time in the class gave a new perspective on these videos as well. I look forward to my next lesson, professor
Only started watching vsauce about a week ago, know I'm up to date. Brains over loaded now
Michael has any of your older videos fact and information, changed or are wrong now cos of new scientific studies.
Soviets?
we need one of those deliberation days in america
does anyone have a picture of the thumbnail of this video?
Hey Vsauce, Aloisy here. how about you do an episode on the history of Chocolate?
Mary doesn't exist. Screw this puzzle 😭😭😡😡
But what's a SHADY inference....... 🔧
I didn't understand Mic. I am sleeping.
OG Youtuber Michael  ---  ride or die for him.
Schools need to teach more about reasoning and cognitive biases. Twitter has brought down the quality of public discourse by encouraging immediate reactions with little reasoning and intolerance to nuanced thinking.
only i listen him to learn english?
someone chosen at random seems much better than trump or biden and indeed most of the politicians we elect... on the other side, these randomly elected leaders could be very manipulated by the click of people feeding them information and guiding their reason.... I would agree  if all the rest of us could observe the information being given to these random leaders and even better if they could be forced to read random opinions too.
As someone that understands the limits of our own reasoning and even it all seems an illusion, I was already primed to agree with the lottocracy.
Old god
Complex communication is the most important thing we have as an ability to do .. etc...
WHO AM I
22:52 Circlejerking?
Why do I feel like I just went through IT school and Harvard in just 30 minutes
yeah but we don't know if mary is married or unmarried :) xD
my brain really hurts
i hate to be that guy but the song list in the description isn't terribly helpful when most of the songs have no artist listed
I have a question. If there exists a star, so big, that the escape velocity on it's surface is larger than 'C' (as escape velocity depends upon the mass), will we be able to see it?
How would you feel about talking to the government as easy as that may sound. Is it not time to take a stand for our future?
very insriring
Uh oh, a smart man talking about industrial society and it's consequences? This isn't gonna be good.
Hey Micheal, can you make a video on "growing conservativism"
Anyone else think that Michael, if he lived in ancient times, would have been one of the great thinkers that we quote?
Idk if video suggestions are listened too, but if so; you should do a video on what would happen if everything was copyrighted. It would be interesting to see the problems that arise in a situation like that, and how (if possible) it would be overcome.
We will all, one day, be ancients gave me goosebumps
Michael might not be an elephant... But you're still awesome, brother. Lotta love for you and your channel, I've been watching you since high school. You're great man, keep being awesome. (Maybe fix the elephant thing)
Shoutout that ikea chair I have the same one
The Big 6
The future of reasoning will be.... a bot
Bill Gates is part of the group of people who caused climate change and continue to do so. He cannot be trusted.
The problem with this video is that it spread the idea that reason is not something based on TRUE LOGICAL relationship betweens things (objects, elements of an argumentation) but something subjective. It is more spreading the relativistic point of view than the absolute one, despite attemps to use tools like the syllogism, but in a wrong way by using a false syllogism while failing at saying that TRUE syllogisms exists with no stupid parts like "elephants are awesome". The reasons while humans are stupids are occulted while some pseudo theories about an external social mind are popularized to defend the idea of an economy of reasoning regarding to entropy or the integrity of the group, wich is contradicting because things like selfism are not only the source of most of conflicts whose errors and absurdity often rely on moral implications (if not simply remembering them), but they are also what separate society in two halves. This leading to a picture of a humanity divided because of evil who not only divide by irrationality (wrong reasonings, and also pleasures and urges bypassing the normal functioning of the mind), but also divide geometrically by forming a world where every part is divided and understandable (or unanderstandable) because of paradoxes that seem to be at the same time a property of our mind AND of the material reality itself : duality in atoms, molecules, physical laws like Einstein relativity, tend to be a FACT not forcefully because our mind would deform reality to fit its own immaterial duality, but because being a part of the universe who might be physically deformed, he would fit in its shape and face the paradoxes wich are the trace of that deformation.  Now the FACT is that just a few people on the social group can see boths sides, and only the wise can play the fool, while the fool can't play the wise. Despite of that fact, nobody seem to defend the idea of an asbolute reality of TRUTH, just because of problems that I see (and I feel the only one on earth to see them) that happen in the early childhood when we're all gathered in schools courts where conflicts and violence arise and are "solved" by psychopaths with their selfism and deny. The nothingness of their circular arguments and petitions of principles and lies, make our sufferings to grow intensively to a point of a ceasure in people who prefer to immitate that deny and turn on themselves, then later to repeat that process with anyone that would have not submitted to the "mature process of not insisting in debates to prove they are smarter", and to mock them if they don't enter the group. As if there was not truth in any point of view, as if nobody could have a clearer image of informations or logical chainings, and as if saying that "anyone not understanding that nobody is more smart than another is immature" wasn't a pure lie. And moreover, as if it wasn't the REAL pretention, given that you don't fucking know if he has less informations than you and if those informations are less true or not. But the symetrical effect of repeating what the other say works to break minds, despite that your opponent could be the first one trying to imitate somebody else to show him his stupidity and violence, and someone (you ?) comes and try to imitate him just because he "is immature to keep trying to convince others" (even in situations of obvious absurdity). And you will probably try to use my words "your opponent" to reverse the argument against me by saying "yeah, so when your opponent blablabla, why don't you blablabla", this confirming that you don't get the idea about YOU being unable to perform an abstract thought that you always tend to reverse in symetry BEFORE DOING IT, while trying to harvest all the fruits from that performance you never made as if it was "obvious" that everybody experienced it. You will probably think "those who never change their opinion are only fools". So why don't you change yours ? Yeah, because you don't have any stable argument and core in the structure of your thoughts, so you can stick to your comfortable "I don't detain truth" bullshits, but you can't transform it into the opposite. That's why I can confidently say you never experienced it, or if not, I wouldn't have faced such a constance in accusation of pretention toward my person in my social course and people would have agree with me. I could be a moron, but if I was, I would never have tried to separate the good from evil. If you think your doubt protects you against immorality, you're imbued of your voidness. Consequently, symetry (and symetry on symetry to deactivate it) is a more VALUABLE INFORMATION about the world and its sickness than any other pseudo theory about mega-structures and so-called intelligence of the group that are, in fact, totally contradicted by everyday's life whose deep conflictual wars doesn't rely on the good will of everybody, but on the psychopathic sickness of ALL THE INDIVIDUALS (yeah all of you) composing society, wether you seem normal or not, and who have stupid reflexes like hate about pretention when in fact you are targetting the most intellectual in place of the most selfish ones in a total confusion.   Anyone trying to contradict me by reversing my arguments and saying "you see, you're the selfish because you think you're smarter than your speaker" are just fooling themselves just to avoid to see the picture of something they just CAN'T handle mentally and can't let to another one at the same time, having the greatest difficultie to experience TRUTH and confirmation of TRUTH in mental verifications preceeding mutual agreements. This leading me to the most important part : LOGIC, and TRUTH, and SALVATION (and peace, and heaven and anything... you could imagine) is not especially about logically proving WHAT IS logic but simply about ASSUMING TO INCARNATE IT. People are dumb because they refuse to say that evil exists and that they faced it wether we can define it, and that outside of any deny there is the TRUTH of pain, the senses, the logic of good, etc, that would imply A TOTAL TRANSFORMATION OF THE SOCIETY DURING A FIGHT TO REVERSE THINGS TO ITS RIGHT SIDE AND BEYONG ANY HYPOCRISY. And also, that any bad reasoning, any mistake, any bad faith, any lie, any reversing, is a part of this evil in any tiniest topic containing any argumentation. They even blindly defend evil by placing emotions above intellect, as if the two were contradictory, just because they can't face the pain and admit that this is an absolute and universal FACT contradicting subjectivity, and could be considered as the root of the BEING and also a solid basis for any argumentative structure defending the idea of absolute truth against hollowed philosophies based on relativism. I know you probably all thought "omg, this guy is crazy, he really thinks that absolute truth exist" and imagined something concrete to contradict it like christians refusing the homosexuality of their child, but I'm a moralist and I can swear that wether it's about pollution, cars, or simply meat and killing a living creature, people are just DUMB because they can't face their guilt and the pain they could mentally "reflect" if they had only the courage, and they fall in the trap of truth deconstruction just to gain space and time, and keep the comfort instead of taking the path of sacrifice. So, bad faith is flowing through their mouth like the devil vomit but hey, we have pills for anyone seing demons ! And hospitals... (or night clubs, to convert you to the saint orgy of "unplug your brain dude" and various hedonisms who run away of any image of a world falling apart because of monkeys living above their cognitive capability in a giant dumpster). And about homosexuality, what if it was simply an absurdity and yeah, those "stupid christians" are in fact not so stupids in the first place, even if you could discuss the final decision they could make ?  "That's not how reasoning works" / "Science has proved we're bad at reasoning" : science can't explain what reasoning is, because science is just a frame of methods. Only intelligent people can reason about reason, and say interesting stuffs about it. And no, we're not bad at reasoning, people are just deeply bad in themselves, driven only by the motivation or pleasures and social integrity in order to have sex or at least "a partner" (and other stuffs that I could explain related to the universe's geometry, the brain, the mind, etc). So, the most crazy individuals who don't control themselves inflict sadistical pain to the more "weak" in various ways, who can be people like me who represent a high danger of being fought and targetted by the sense of critic, the argumentation to spot the truth, and they attack in order to frighten everybody else and get people be in their side while the good individual is perceived as a moron, a "white knight" with a high ego, or even a dictator that must be dethroned. Finally, people quickly tend to repeat that "nobody is supposed to be more smart than others" in order to defuse any tension, and accusations of pretention, when in fact it is propagating the lies and the mind control of absurdity and chaos embedded in a sweat package called "relativity", wich is in fact hypocrisy and a strategy of non-resistance and a collective and unconscious pact of non-aggression (avoiding to fight the chaos is always less violent than accepting the violence it necessitates to keep existing. But the truth is that the superior violence of fighting the violences is the only way to free ourselves).
I'm down for deliberation day!
This dude teaches me more stuff than schools
This is the most important video you’ve ever made.
29:12 Hey.....         . . That’s pretty good
let's take bill gates money and burn them then you'll see we start to reason all together again
Hey vsauce i have a question if u were in a Rocket that flyes at 1mph slower then the speed of light and u threw a ball with 2mph inside the rocket what would happen if u would see the ball from the outside?
More lone reasoners? Sounds like a particular political view. Which one? You've already used your own reasoning to fill in that blank.
is this channel dead?
You have to get past your animal instinct to gather and control everything.
3:20 OOOORRRR Conversely we could be saving Humanity from the ASSURED COMING NEXT ICE AGE.....
i got too distracted with the watch appearing and dissapearing from his wrist.
in a way, this kind of explains Peronism in Argentina.
Michael's the indian man of life Soon teaching us quantum physics
The enormous plane commonly glue because dress approximately judge among a hissing drawbridge. unbecoming, wild plier
5:45 is why youre here
it feels weird when this video was only weeks ago
Michal just called everyone whos alive and was alive old
Michael: Where is your brain  Me: panic
Are you how to basic
POV: you are watching random videos at 3 am and really need to go to bed
Couldn't you say Peter is Mary'd because she's looking at him ?
Hey how are you doing
Im sorry is it me or did Michael get fatter? :/
I just got the thought of voting and a mixture of the jelly bean study, why not just have people vote for candidate a, b, c, etc. by percentages? Candidate A 20%, B 35%, C 45% then using a simple formula in math pick which is most suitable, and then using the left over percentages for the others to take percents of the other candidates ideas and involve them in your own campaign? That would be closest to the majority of people's decisions. Rather than something lopsided like 2 top candidates, both getting votes that count as tallies, then having close end percentages. Then just having those percentages, one being higher, the other lower. Higher wins, lower loses. Even if the lower was 49% of the vote, they still lost. The percentage vote sounds more of a clearer defined way for voting.
About halfway through, and I just got to the section on intuition. I am an intuitive thinker, and it can be hard for me to explain things, so this shall be very interesting!
*chuckles* Vsauce you have never meet someone like me (about 17:50 time stamp) I will give all the reasons so people have can see my side and lower amount of flaws or more good to hide the bad so if you were to talk to me it will always be, "SO, go on to a really long explanation" ok? EDIT: the and part i also i agree with, i guess i really should have talked to poeple:)
Epic
vsauce in this video once used the word intellectualist and how much yall wanna bet that word is going to get banned for being "not all-inclusive" and some other stupid stuff like that in the near future. i bet some people nowadays will not like that word because it doesn't uplift every human being on the planet.
Michael is the only person who truly terrifies me
Please send this video to the head of every social media company.
Wow silence!!!!!
I have a video idea; How much does light weight?
Hey Michael vsauce here
The problem with the crowd, Michael is that same crowd thinking believed, and still believes, that skin color is a race, some women are witches with spell powers, and covid, climate change, and Biden's 2020 win are a hoax. Are the average of those crowd's assumptions more accurate now?
yea i could use some scienc- wtf he uploaded
If we are truly alone, why don't we make more species ourselves? Starting with sub-humans, and then moving to full on 'aliens'. We could have an aquatic category for jobs at sea, due to water breathing for example.
Good timing on this I think. This actually ties in to a lot of discussions I've had with people where the root problem appears to be society and how we think about things. Gotta admit, everyone involved was making the mistake of thinking they were correct and asking "why can't everyone apply logic and sense? The world would be a better place!" to some degree or another. Thank you for taking the time to include this idea Michael, I have shared this with my regular ad-hoc debate participants! Keep up the great work! :)
Okay but that doesn’t tell me why people believe in gravity
ad to bill gates ?? UNSUBSCRIBE NOW
Vsauce: He! Vsauce, Michale here... I'm come back... or am I? O.O
Vsauce: He! Vsauce, Michale here... I'm come back... or am I? O.O
Vsauce: He! Vsauce, Michale here... I'm come back... or am I? O.O
Speech is just a way I can force other people to read my mind :)
English sub typo @ 25:23.
Egg
Is it unreasonable how so many hated TRUMP?
what is vsauce's name
I'm always truly amazed by your videos. That what you said about the tendency to keep doing what you are doing and your mind filtering all sorts of interactions with the world is already spoken about in hypnosis theories as functions of the subconscious mind.
11:34 The way he says he's not an elephant 🐘 😀😀
Next up: "What is Life?"  ..I mean..I would watch it.
a great philosophical talk, thanks mike
You should do a colab with Undecided with Matt Ferrell
That first couple minutes about how our mind encompasses so many others in a single group conciousness. Philosophically we can be described as one emergent entity: big Evangelion vibes.
then theres me who puts a sock on the tv to remind myself something so when i walk past it ill wonder why its there and remember :)
i disagree with the core premise of this video.  the problem with society is not that the internet is making it impossible to reason.  in fact, having an open forum for all is a critical need for a functional society.  no, the true cause of the breakdown of reason is this modern obsession with confidence.  the more intelligent and technologically advanced a society gets, the more humble and modest it must be.  instead, modern society teaches everyone to be confidence.  we praise confident.  this likely increases the odds of personal success, but it has a nasty side effect that no-one compromises on their views.  when their views are challenged, they try to be confident, dig in, fight back.  i theorize that if an advanced alien species ever tried to make contact with us, they would be incredibly humble and modest.  they would have to be, because if they weren't, then they probably would have blown up half the stars in the galaxy by now if they were confident.  they would look down at us for all the confidence we have.
oviously a lottocracy would fail because, once selected, they will be preyed upon by the powerful.
there is a reason we vote by secret ballot.  if everyone knew everyone elses opinions, theyd attack each other.  national deliberation day would turn into a riot.
I’ve watched so many vsauce videos at this point that after each sentence I’m just waiting for the “or is it?”
actually, some people consider divorced as a third option beyond married and unmarried.  so there is a logical fallacy of the false dilemma there.  you would need to set a given that people can only be married or unmarried before the puzzle.
Hey HowToBasic
So all those for a strong border, are racists. Yet, all folks of color are living under oppression in the U.S. According to the logic of the dems/left. Wouldn't that make them the racists? They want these folks to come in and live under oppression. Not that I believe that, nor their fictitious narrative. It's a truly amazing feat of mental gymnastics. The ability to watch them trying to stay aligned is hilariously entertaining🤣  This is a copy and paste that I've created, not to trigger anyone on purpose in this comment section, but to show what he's talking about. Gotta be careful politicians love to play on emotion.
"we need to release ZERO co2" does this antihuman psycho know plants breath our exhale?
Pink Floydesk music makes all the difference in this video
22:24 video about to end , michael-- we have now finally arrived at the problem  :|
And what if there are too many stupid people in the world
But what if the universe is Superdeterministic?
How to stop rapid climate change, use thorium reactors and electric cars.
The evidence of climate change. My city had 2 tornados in the last month or two. That hasn't happened in years. let alone a tornado warning.
@2:01 what organ are you reaching for, Michael?
wit the face trick thing proves to me people lie to themself to give themself reason
The universe is exactly what it purports to be.    A Unified Verse.
But hey, that’s just a theory - A GAME THEORY!
where is ur mom
Ehy micheal, i am an italian guy born and raised in Florence and i know that in the Middle ages, in the Age of commons, florentians tried a form of lottocracy named "Governo Largo" (large governament). The "priori" (a political charge somelike the presidency) were elected, at least at first, randomly between groups of people from associations of jobs (corporazioni). A "priore" was in charge for one year and for the time, living in a small population era, basically anyone who was able to be elected would have been elected. There were basically two problems with that: First: this system didn't make people think and act for the common good, instead, anyone who was in charge tried to steal from the common treasure and benefit themselves, their family, or their associates. Second: Every powerful political or economical actor tried to bribe the Priori to make their interests but most importantly, tried to bribe those in charge to make the lists for those who could be eligible as Priore.
Michael: u probably won't see this, but if u do, I want u to know that you can rely on Jesus Christ and only on Him can you rely
The answer is always fuck Paul.
I am a human awesome-ometer, and this video triggers me in a good way.
Really thought he will use eggs for a intro
I feel smarter when i watch this type of video... then i try to think about how i would sum it up to someone else and feel dumb in the face of my own inability...
Well my brain is in my closet
Isn't Bill Gates pretty much the opposite of the democratization that you address towards the end? As a billionaire he has a huge amount of power and influence and doesn't have to answer to anyone. Sure he's funding some good stuff with some of his money, but ultimately he alone decides where funds go.  The part about history being a great teacher is also a saying that always leaves me torn. I do agree that there is a lot to learn from history, I just don't feel like society is good at learning from history and improving things.  I nevertheless really enjoyed the video an am glad to be able to watch new content from Vsauce! Thank you Michael
"I am not an elephant.  Or am I?"
We are going right into that filter.
Lost me when you invoked Bill "Big Brother Gates"  He is the devil
Love this. The hard problem is how would we introduce a corruption free lottocracy? The current system cannot "be changed", it will need to "change itself", most likely by destroying itself.
Why is the subtitles pretty much dont match
Michael, how is "wisdom of crowds" meant to be applied to problems outside of mathematics? I often see "wisdom of crowds" referenced as a means of making better decisions but then I turn the tv on to see that congress can't get along in order to pass a bill, that the capital has been stormed, or that there's a riot somewhere. It reminds me of the line from the first Men In Black movie, "A person is smart. People are dumb, panicky dangerous animals..." If "wisdom of crowds" were a formula, what types of problems was it meant to solve?
I bet 1,000,000 your talking about me
My reasoning and rationality is on 1,000,000,000,000
This is literally the best video I ever seen even if I see 1000,000,000,000 videos
Vsause:*gets shot* these are my last words Me:CALL A AMBULANCE Vsause:or is it? *Vsause music* Me:oh no not this again
Anyone test me this is My moment
Rational randy
These two words are on my Facebook before I even knew what they really even meant reasonable and rational please test me anybody blow this up please please please
Omg I I'm this
Michael youre doing gods work, I thank you
Amazed!!
The nosy smoke weekly realise because flower puzzlingly drop during a cut slip. sparkling, nimble value
What about pre-logic? Where if there is a reason for it? What then allows one to say that if a logical choice is present, then the choice is always unclear? Where what would a thing without a reason, care to have a choice in logic?
Michael deserves a beautiful wife who he loves.
And as always, thanks for uploading.
I'm still very confused on the married thing
Hey Vsauce, Michael here! *Where is your mind?*
14:40 yeah no, as an autistic, no. lmao
"Where are your fingers" turn into "where are your mind".
What a video. “We will someday be the ancients, and we can choose what that will mean.”
MAKE YOUTUBE COMMENTS ARGUMENTS AGAIN
Последователността ти те прави Велик.
Oh Vsauce, I could only take you up to 0:23 but thanks for letting me know what Vsauce is! Such time savings makes me know u r a tru fren.
Great mind, good thinking I’m amazed
5:48 I live for that music kicking in
11:41 In the kids' TV show Rated A for Awesome they literally make such a device in one episode
michael doesnt have an Awsometer, and it shows.
This man can still get 4 million views in 3 weeks
More lecture and less facts makes it dull. When the video comes after a long time. I guess I learned less with a 30 min video than I can  in 5 min in any informative vid on YouTube.  Maybe less effort on Vsauce videos and more on other things. That happens when channel is so popular.  Disappointed 😌
I wanna vote for you now.
WE ARE THE BORG
pls post more
Thirty minute long v-sauce video? Frick yeah!
His talk takes as a given the assumption that progress is, in the main, via people deliberating and agreeing, and implementing through government.  And certainly, the moon landing happened that way.  But, despite government's more massive resources, private enterprises like Elon Musk's have taken us further than, say, Solyndra.  Apple and Microsoft took us further than France's government endorsed Minitel.  If reason isn't used to reach, but rather to justify, a conclusion, then maybe someone just diverging from the crowd, and consensus, and trying their own idea, is more often fruitful than trying to reach consensus.  It'll either work, or not.  He briefly alludes, via Gates' book, to global warming (something I've followed a bit for decades since being introduced to it in university), and our response to it.  I suspect that some bits of a successful response to it will be large government projects, like perhaps a continental electric grid with (the hard part) the ability to adapt to hundreds of millions of sources and loads.  But Musk's work suggests that quite a bit more will be by motivated individuals with their own ideas, doggedly developing them.
are vsauce vsauce2 and vsauce3 all brothers ? please somebody tell me im confused
Is this why Nietzsche didn't think humans where rational beings
The internet is like a flashlight in Plato's cave, very few use it to guide them to a way out of the cave into the unknow. Most hang the flashlight as a ceiling light, only to better contemplate the comfortable certainties they became sure of.
Congress should watch this.
I immediately thought yes and then questioned myself. That's usually how it goes: Me coming up with the right answer, questioning myself, and then settling on the wrong answer.
If Bill Gates didn't have dozens of mansions, a private jet and 3 kids, I might take his ideas about how we all have to live frugally and reduce the population seriously.
Now I want a burger from ABC Burgers
The people who advocate depopulation should offer themselves up first. Set an example.
Strange how my ideas, which I have not been able to see in other people, do actually exist. Like the lottocracy and other ideas in this video. It is strange that never really looked into my thoughts.
What’s up with this everyone jumping on bill gates so smart to save the world train?
Wow ur videos are sooooo good
I hate that we're tearing up that much nature for ugly cities.
How do you submit translated captions? I could make a polish captions for that video - I feel like more people should see it
This is incredible!!!
WOW! that was a lot of food for thought! I just wanted to comment on your penultimate proposition about choosing representatives at random, who have to inform themselves by consulting experts to arrive at decisions. Although the premise is very intriguing, there is, I think, a central flaw: who decides who the experts to be consulted are? In a society devolving into islands of alternative “realities”, a consensus on who is an expert to be consulted, and which are the subject matters to consider, becomes an increasingly contentious matter.  Do we consult an expert in astrology or astrophysics?… Who decides? Simply consider the divide we see today on the “stolen election”. One side’s expert, not to mention “truth”, is diametrically opposed to the other side. While arriving at and convincing most of the actual truth is possible, the dynamic in action at the moment makes the effort herculean. Which leads me to believe that we are at a juncture, as we have been many times over humanities space and time, where we are witnessing a breakdown of reasoning into separate “minds”…
26:35 I’ve thought this myself and agree 100%
Petition for Vsause to make a video on “what would happen if you walked the same direction forever”
2021: 1749
No, storms are less intense, cyclones less frequent, heat waves less frequent, and sea level rise lower than the 20,000 year average
is are planet diffrent from other plants and do are plant have more technolygy then other planet
This video is basically just him saying "so mgs2 was right and Kojima was a profit"
Michael Stevens Categorys of His Channel... Main Channel (Vsauce: Full of Science Second Channel (HowToBasic): Teaching us How to Make everything Basic and then do some weird stuffs
This is why Shinji made the best possible choice when he rejected Instrumentality in The End
To all those coming here for the first time: there’s no better YouTube channel than Vsauce
*That’s nice, sir. But all I said was that those chips are $3.21*
where is your mind? the pubis
Man your a super awesome speaker
Wow.. you work with father depopulation?! Last one of your videos I’ll ever watch 👍🏻 This is nothing more than a very cleverly arranged attempt to make people second guess themselves! (The second he mentioned politics it was obvious!) Sigh* I thought you were cool 😒. Bill Gates is a monster, and I guess you must be too to spew his BS.
my mind has been blown
Anthony else feel like his suggestion in the end sounds very communisty?
He literally just sat there
You are our voice of reason
I'm an environmental scientist/engineer, and I've read Gate's book. It provides great perspective on the scope of the problem that we face, and it is interesting and useful in that respect. However, it is interesting in the same way that a book entitled "What it would take to build a space elevator to Mars" would be interesting. It takes something that is theoretically possible and spells out the steps and ingredients. But, getting to net zero while simultaneously addressing inequality in the world and advancing technology is as absurd an idea as actually getting to work on the space elevator. The sad truth of the matter is that, if we are not talking about systematically, humanely, and significantly reducing the human population on this planet, then we aren't talking about a real solution. Unfortunately, the chances are pretty slim that we'll all get our heads out of our asses and confront this reality. So, global warming will happen, the oceans will continue to be over-fished, natural wild life habitat will continue to disappear, and our resources will eventually be depleted. The population will drop significantly one way or the other (hopefully not to zero), we can either do it in as humane a way as possible, or the universe will do it for us. And, the universe will not be humane!
Really disappointed - "in partnership with Bill Gates"
en una mente tan inteligente ay muchas ideas y ay mucha locura vsauce ya se que creaste how to basic me sorprendi al ver tu cara en how to basic porque eres muy muy inteligente y en how to basic ay puras tonterias
Why did you have to bring Bill Gates in to this Michael? You lost some credibility with Bill Gates as an associate.
There is a great filter, it's called God didn't make anyone else
The brickwork behind him drives me fucking crazy.
Anyone here from savantics
You're working with Bill Lizard Gates. BYE BYE VSAUCE.
He has given us a warning, he will take over our minds.
I didn't know you can make democracy even more extreme (outside of democracising things like workplaces) but here we are. Sounds interesting
Come, let us reason together and make mother Gaia proud.
I like to break the English language
Michael will get so funky in the first couple minutes but as soon as he says “or is it?” that’s when you know you’re in for it
A person is smart... people are stupid
"...a hyper-object, like the impact our emissions have on the planet...."; 29:35; this could better be stated as, "...a hyper MARXIST object...."
Facts in 2021? They don't exist. Like a prefrontal cortex of a 16yr old. Only emotions, and feelings are exploited. No adults in sight
I personally believe the justice system is completely broken. And this video kind of advocates for the justice system to literally be implemented into every day politics. I agree with the the end goal, but in my opinion there are just way too many people and walks of life, all mostly ignorant of international affairs, to have randomized representation. I also feel like absolutely nothing would be done. Who would determine what to deliberate over? The people deliberating? How do you build a consistant system that absolutely EVERYONE understands and uses equally? There are alot of good questions to be asked, so its a good thing this video convinced me to think for myself and question his solution.... xD
I was playing Minecraft while watching this, best Saturday since last best Saturday
ehat about hyper creaters like the internet. companies. municipalities.
Welcome back.
We are no more homosapiens we r converting and evolving into technosapiens
I got to say I really appreciate a video that starts out with somebody ripping a brain out of a skull. I give it a like in the first 18 seconds. Back taps: ~ 10 - 15 Pause and think: 6 Bottom line, you are not going to figure out if climate change is real on your own. I have never seen a polar bear in person or looked at a Thermometer in the artic over a period of decades. That means you have to choose which group to believe. THAT means the future of the planet will be decided by which group has the best advertising campaign. Have a nice day.
27:07 I don't know how to put my ideas into words properly so take this however you will. Wouldn't the companies which would have to cozy up to everybody, also end up deciding who "everyone" is. They could just put down the people with ideas they don't agree with and cozy up to the ideas that they do. In the world you're describing, people wouldn't be divided by race, class, or sex, but more likely it would be their ideas that would divide them, this is a world we might be really close to actually. Unless humans were to become some sort of hive mind where everybody has the same ideas, disagreements will always exist, and when there are people that murder and kill others over disagreements, I don't think we'd ever be able to properly discuss ideas without bloodshed on one side or the other.  Please do comment, I'm looking forward to an engaging discussion! and I'm sorry if my ideas are a bit scattered.
HE’S BACK BABYYYY!!!!
#TOK
Hard to believe vsauce is actually the guy in "how to basic
A very important message for our time!  I had been thinking along these lines but this has really helped hammer out some of the rough dents in my thinking. Lottocracy makes great sense to get a true representative selection via means of randomness. Elegantly simple solution in some ways. Doubtless with its own challenges.   Even with half formed thoughts on this though, I have at least been trying to occasionally engage with people I know online that see things differently from me  (in as non-confrontational a manner as possible). Have had some good measure of success in meeting them on their point & reasoning out how/why we see things differently. How their perspective may come across to others. ...Until such time as public debates & information/education on issues of the time are nurtured into existence, such small scale action is all I could think to do...  Like tiny flaps of a butterflies wings, vaguely/vainly hoping for a tornado to pick up somewhere far down the line. 😥
Noice
14:30 except if you're autistic. It's very hard for us to intuitively read emotions.
Start off with admitting bill gates collaboration, so I don't waste 5 minutes of the intro. Fuck bill gates, not watching his BS
This is a really, really good video and I could only hope that many people see it. I don't agree that the diluted opinion of everyone is always the best opinion, but there's a lot in here of value. I think it is an error to say that because many people can more accurately guess the # of jelly beans in a jar than any individual, means that individuals are bad at making decisions. The smaller the group of people, the more valuable it is to identify the strongest among them, mentally or otherwise. There is probably an upper limit to our ability to define what is best for "everyone", for varying definitions of "everyone".
Y'all got read Emerson's self reliance
''well now that that our billy is fucking divorced from his wife and lost billions of dollars lets read this shitty book book of his''said michael mistakenley, [michael was executed the next day]
In 'quran' القرآن word of Creator اللـه سبحانه وتعالى  mind in heart(mind sees hear..)
another greate vid michael
Wawa be throwing out hundreds of donut a day but a employee tried to give some away for free but got fired
more about this: deliberative democracy --> fishkin, open democracy --> landemore, sortition --> brett henning, liquid democracy --> adhocracy
guys whats your opinion on poop, we can discover some useful things about it if we discuss
Stop caring so much Michael
at first i thought he was up to something but the video started to not really make any sense.
28:03
i love vsauce while high
Michael be that one guy who be surprised at the yellow in a kinder egg
Sometimes I feel like our generation is overrating ourselves by saying now is the future or this is the millennial age while probably we have another thousands of years ahead... or not. We don't know. but it is best to say that we are still evolving about how our society works and have not reached the epitome of it.... or we wouldn't ever reach that. We don't know. Is this what we can only achieve in mankind's history? Probably not, considering how our technology is evolving so fast that most of us can't even keep up with everything if mankind somehow survived more.   Nevertheless, this video was amazing and mind-stimulating like always. Thanks.
The snake will always find its way in.
I am just Tring to find the FRIST SONG.
gotta show this video to twitter.
14:21 Well... Actually I do think that way but I have my suspicions I have a real medical social issues lol
The problem with a lottocracy is that most people are stupid and will ruin the system by coming to some naiv conclusion. The current form of democracy might be corrupt, but at least the system isn’t falling apart.
If you're advocating for as many people as possible to be holding to account 'those implementing reason', then why are you participating in the reputation laundering of one of the world's most powerful tax-evading billionaire plutocrats? Bill Gates along with every other billionaire are basically the most difficult people in the world to hold accountable for anything because they have almost literally unlimited power to control the narrative surrounding their decisions. Bill Gates enthusiastically and transparently seeks to further the perpetuation of his own power and wealth by only supporting political actors who are amenable to his billionaire interests.   Where is his vocal support and bankrolling of US politicians who support the Green New Deal or any number of the radical environmental / wealth tax efforts that are simply the only option if we are to avoid civilisation ending climate change? It's nowhere to be found. He would rather vote for Trump than pay his fair of tax because he knows that he is too powerful for anyone to meaningfully hold him accountable for making political decisions singularly in service of his own interests. Now you yourself are a part of that reputation laundering buffer that helps protect him and his ilk from being perceived as the sociopathic wealth hoarders that they really are.   Just imagine the twisted mind of someone who has the power and influence needed to stop the ecological disasters about to befall or end humanity yet prefers to sit on their mountain of gold and watch the world burn instead. That's Bill Gates, along with every other billionaire not screeching for radical wealth distribution coupled with a fundamental rethink of capitalism and its relationship with the biosphere.   Slow clap for making a 30 minute video underpinned by vast, inescapable hypocrisy.
simulation is here
Cannnnn youuu addd Indonesian subtitle pleaseeeee 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
a lottery is a pretty cool concept just a room full of consciousness making sensible decisions for everyone
Is anyone else struggling to find reasoneen in the dictionary?
The future is Libertarian and NOT socialistic. Understanding this is the “Great Filter”. How are we going to control a population and/or gain taxation when someone can download themself into their spaceship and sail off into the hidden infinity that is the Universe? We’ll actually be able to kill each other without being eliminated. Well just miss a day and be rebooted the next day. Keep throwing money at government and you’ll just slow down your children’s chance to be truly free.
while the idea of decissions made by a group ofrandomly selected people that are "educated" by experts and then come to a conclusion sounds great, the weakness is the selection of those "experts" as their views and studies will have huge impact on the group. So besides having a group of randomly selected people that is supposed to come up with the necessary decision in the end, the selection of the experts needs a very careful thought too, maybe also involving some kind of randomness (if there are enough experts to choose from in the field to be discussed). Coming up with a good concept here would be a great thing. Btw, BG is evil ;-D
This is such a nasty propaganda I feel sick from it 🤢🤮🤮
lol to assume there is a future for reasoning is highly optimistic especially in todays culture of "listen and believe"
Existential crisis as an educational video
Trial juries aren't so randomly chosen, many people are filtered out in the selection process.
Ikea chair
Im starting to think vsauce is a robot because of his knowledge
Giiiiiirl you a 70/10 on my awesome-ometer ;)
5:47 It's about time I heard this again.
"Reasoning evolved to be used socially."  Citation needed.  From all my observations, social interactions seem to be completely devoid of reasoning.  While anecdotes are not evidence, neither are unsubstantiated assertions.  "...those in charge, the scientists..." LOOOOOOOL There are NO scientists in charge of ANYTHING ANYWHERE.  Seriously, those few that do become "in charge" tend to stop being scientists and become bureaucrats who eschew reasoning and logic like all bureaucrats.
Where would we be without you Michael?
Michael and elephants are awesome though. These are well known facts.
Why are there downvotes? What's the reason?
The problem is in education, jury system is far from perfect, non experts who make decide by their heart could be fooled by a good lawyer(s). Group decisions are good at simple cases like hunting and not designed to solve scientist tasks. Those people need to decide where money goes - weapon or space program, the result should be known by most of you. Decision should belong to people with degree in fundamental fields, like medicine, physics, chemistry etc, then it might work. Otherwise all those utopian ideas either will stay just and ideas or leads us to something like USSR. People should change and evolution works bad here, we need to change our education or we be filtered. Example: experts in quantum field give short intro to group of people who then need to decide if 5G is dangerous( internet,TV and rumors said them it is dangerous, and listening all those stuff from scientist is sooo boring)
Based michael?
I would accept you as our world leader :)  (!!! Normally I would never !!!)
Anyone open to starting a lottocracy?
what a stupid bought by bill gates propaganda video, so sad
Where is my mind?
29:22 history is the great teacher
This channel is just agitated rambling. Always was.
I just can't get tired of seen this.
brilliant video, I'm genuinely taken by surprise how easy all that was to understand and interpret. Lots of hard work must've gone into this video to get all this put across easily. Great job :D
Points out that billionaires and corporations won't save us.  Shills for the personification of billionaires and corporations who also happened to be best buds with Epstein.
How does heaps concrete pouring  equals better quality of living?
Bill gates..... nothing suspicious
What does it mean when you feel like it should be a awkward situation but it’s not? Like so he will see
I hope that, one day, You Tube will not only have a comment section, but a discussion section as well.
I think absaugend is the only one who survived school shootings in america
Very good video.
It would be interesting to try out lottocracy in some smaller format before implementing it on a larger scale. The effects sound really promising.
Michael my guy thank you for all your time and efforts putting all this together. Watching your videos is time well spent. I appreciate it and hope for many more of your positive impact actions in the world we live in today. I am also glad that so many people watch you now, I am hopeful this knowledge and questions continue to grow. It makes it easy to be happy to be alive so thank you once again, this video is mind-blowing to me, it's gotten me to come back time after time and pause it and think about the concepts, think about them from my perspective in the world. So greetings from Mexico, take care of yourself and hope we can get more from you.
I LOVE YOU SO MUCH. AHHHHH AAAAAAAHHHHHH. AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA. YOU ARE SO AMAZING. THANK YOU. I nodded all the time, I'm so biased to your videos. You make the most sense to me. I don't know if it's because I have watched many of your videos back then or because of other information somewhere. But, It seems like it's both. Most are both actually. I am just a shell of genes without other information.
I respect Michael's attempt to be reasonable here, despite having obviously fallen victim to the anthropomorphic climate change hoax. If they want us to believe in it, to sacrifice the economic well-being of our nations in a massive concerted effort to fight it, they should start with actually proving it, rather than telling us it must be true because all these scientists agree. A lot of supposedly knowledgeable people also agreed the sun orbited the earth. Didn't make it true.
this isnt vsauce bro, like cmon           we all know he posts every 3 years
What is the opposite of reason?
The simple way of saying all that... "red water top of a hill on  one side and blue water on top anther hill."  They both drip in valley to make purple how you make more purple ? Go back make red and blue water. That's basis of reason it's clash of chaos that forms reason, by ideas that come together that set reason aka purple.. the future of reasoning is revisiting that clash over and over and that result is well always there. reason of revisiting that clash easy to get different shade or effect of an idea to conclude an idea or filter it to get different results of reason.. but it's still same reason  just different shade...  it not logic but just combo of chaos of ideas  because it not logic, logic is yes and no 0&1's to crate  one thing one color not a shade of reason there for reason is needed to revisit an idea to confirm it's existed or your case filtered color.. and reason is the end because the ideas cancel each other and can be lost hence needs to be revisited to keep that shade .. that's future of reasoning.. also that how mind deals with an idea to make a reason for an action and more ideas we have the more we build or reasons to act.   Yah yah it's hard to understand but it's that simple
After this video I identify as a Lottocrat
the boi is back
16 million subscribers is still not enough
[insert gif of Leonardo DiCaprio's slow cap]
*"With great power comes great responsibilities."*
Your videos always have amazing music!!
I'm just surprised at how Michael is not already a cult leader.
Mobile ads : I’m gonna pretend I didn’t see that
"And we will come to find, that we are all one mind, capable of all that's imagined and all conceivable" from the Tool Catalogue, Reflection 9:01
how the F could you find these vocabs and preciise words to describe the topic ?
FK
ugh this liberal propaganda trying to justify the green new deal.
now Im on min 4. the answer is disaster.   unfortunately disaster must come with complete chaos and death so we can refocus our priorities as human. we live in a perpetual hedonistic and narcisistic state. I dont think climate change is gonna kill us all. It's gonna kill enough of us for action. It could be 20%, it could be 80%, 95%. I dont know. Until at least the rich countries feel the consequences.
This ain't it, chief.
is it true that I come from Kurzegast - Emergence video?
Too political.
*2 weeks later  Bull Gates collab didn’t age well
Sooo the good news is I've spent the last 3 weeks designing and building an awesom-ometer to come up with reasons why this video is awesome so I don't have to
Whats the name of the song at 1:33
Go back and edit your spelling in your closed captioning.
Finally
Me watching and not understanding a single word  Checks how much video has gone  **7min** **confused pikachu face**
Superb video as usual
my mind is in my brain
Who’s Bill Gates?
How about a video on Gödel's theorem! Would love to see it 👍
I mean....  This guy...  Come on
greatest thinker of our time...
7:12 "I'm uncle Ben and I a prove this message".
Wheeeeres yooouurr heaaaad aaatt?
The first 2 minutes really hit a solid point about consciousness not being limited by the cranium.
As a stupid person, i like your funny magic words man
I was view 4000186 and I agree with lottocracy.
5:48
our lord and saviour has returned! This is the second coming of Sauce!
Writen language (math and logical thought included) taught in schools is a fair example of an ability we learn through a constant and tough experience, work out as a community. What if we trully taught more social and enviromental facts and the possible solutions to these problems? Well, in my country this is seen as a marxist communist conspiracy plan to dominate the world :( Anyhow, thanks Michael.
based as hell
Oohhhh I haven't seen vcause in a while,  missssed you, hitting the bell icon
Anti-metabole?
He just explained why Twitter is a shithole XD XD XD Thanks, Michael! :D
Will watch the video but can I ask this:   What does the name "heat semi conductors" mean to you? I know thermo-electric effects.
Anyone else have to watch these videos a few times ?
thanks for that
im not sure if you have ever tried burgers from abc.. but id pass everytime
even tho we have "the crowd" in our daily life and we all know it and it is the internet yet this "kind of crowd" fails us and find not a better reason but a bad one like the cancel culture or any kind that has same nature(or you know our weebs that finds an ending or something in the anime that they dont like so the blame or "harm" the creator of this anime or manga and that also falls on our gamers like what happened in the last of us game and different games and animes) they always fail to find a good and a reasoning way that is harmonies so "the crowd" has different and more ways to reason there is always a different "crowd" and sometimes this "crowd" follows a single person reason or choice and they all agree and they have no objections or a different opinion so this "the crowd" thing kind of nonexistent or it doesn't have different way of thinking its like one individual that follow one person so i feel like "the crowd" is gone nowadays and just follows one person { so yeah that is what i think of the crowd you might also find alot of flaws in my comment so if you find one please correct me and dont be afraid of saying anything you want even if its a bad thing because i would like to read your opinion and im only one person so you would find alot of mistakes here and thank you for reading and have a good day}
https://youtu.be/on_eLrSbk_0
Very nice editing with those appearing objects
Greta Thurnberg needs to watch this
Dez videos is stupids, I didn't learn nuttin.
Its easy to put a theory behind the truth
consecutively watching two full-length vsauce videos for the first time feels illegal, like normally i would never miss an upload but i just watched "illusions of time" and this one just now
great video!
Mudfossils university and Diehold Foundation
Climate change won't be easy for our different societies
Leftists lack the ability to reason.
If reason is so great, why isn’t there a reasoning 2
This is my favorite episode by far. My only problem is Gates. Partnering with someone trying to patent and profit off of lifesaving vaccines? Really not a good look.
"with great power comes great responsibility"
zero is impossible. at least we all are... breathing
I've been watching you since I was in 5th grade. Thank you for sparking my interest in science.
i don't have a mind i just live
Says he’s working with Bill gates.. stops watching and dislikes
This gives a new meaning to "giving someone a piece of your mind".
“In partnership with bill gates” ... well, I guess gates needs a partner now that his wife is leaving him lol
If you want less lone reasoners then how about stop censoring people for their believes
Repent and believe in God!
the lone reasoner seems to free his mind at night
Love you Michael
Can you do a video on stuttering ?
imagine vsauce where michael die why a ball is not rope from ceiling and music play  "or am I"
The fact you support Bill Gates is the reason you lost a sub. Disgusting.
I like the word "Sortition" better than "lottocracy"
Humanity is like a hive mind but each part is completely separate from every other part.
Sorry bro there are people who are better at reasoning and, I don't think reasonings purpose is socially sourced. I get that studies were doing to come to these conclusions, remembering that speculation and assumption are huge parts of many peoples thought process.
"Where is your mind" This line is good for a Vsauce out of context.
Bro just read Marx ffs
I've been watching your videos for a long time and today I realized that I didn't subscribe yet. I'm sorry. 😂
extreme storms are extreme and storms
I’m disappointed in Vsauce for teaming up with bill gates amid the controversy surrounding him right now-vsauce content isn’t even that good either lately compared to past videos IMO, just watch the video what is down to see peak vsauce compared to this rubbish
Yo, Vsauce. I just got this idea about a video. "Will you remember this video?". So, what can one do, to plant a memory in one's brain forever? How are memories even stored?   Most importantly: could you make the random viewer remember the video, which is based on this exact idea??
The amount of nuance he delivers is heavy
The grubby gruesome connection progressively blush because color approximately kneel given a satisfying end. mean, damp yarn
Your head will collapse, but there's nothing in it and you'll ask yourself: 0:05
Don't waste your money on Bill Gates' book. He only offers solutions if he can make money. I can tell you what he says for free: Animal agriculture is one of the main drivers of climate disaster. Adopt a plant-based diet and cut your greenhouse gas emissions by more than half. Don't fall for this -> 24:28 This is everyone's responsibility.
i understand nothing
THE HIVE MIND!!!!
Liberty. Limited government.
It would have been nice to see some direct references to existing political theory and practice in here - these principles have been written about extensively and incorporated into successful societies already - it's just that these successes have been actively hidden.  If anyone's interested, look at Rojava's implementation of Bookchin's communalism; the EZLNs incorporation of libertarian communist thought; foundational anarchist works like 'God and the State'; pieces on psychological egoism, like 'The Ego and It's Own'; or pieces of syndicalist, council communist and libertarian Marxist theory.
This video in a Nutshell: Its not a bug, Its a FEATURE.
With this information, what do we say about the UAP element in our skies now? Do we get to start reasoning together on the subject, or are we going to continue with the open ridicule and hand waving? Because if "they" can reason with humans, we have the best shot at solving all of our current problems.
As always, Michael never disappoints, very interesting video, I really liked the "lottocracy" thing. Once I got to similar conclusion that something like this would be better for the democracy process.
Okay, what?! I was with you nodding along until you said "But what if reasoning wasn't built for what we've become?" 🤯 This is both scary and cool. Lottocracy doesn't really sound that much better than democracy, or at least what democracy is supposed to be. Lottocracy just sounds like complete random, whereas the idea of "the crowd" managing to average out the results would indicate that the idea of democracy (in theory, not in practice) should end up with the best results, no?
I miss his old music
Who would win?  A professional scientist with multiple degrees in said fields OR A funny bearded man with glasses
26:18 "lottocracy" was used in ancient Athens for various public positions
@Vsauce you mention the average guess for # of jelly beans is more accurate but you don’t mention whether that is the value people actually come to when deliberating as a group. Do certain voices dominate and the groups guess is swayed more in that way? Are there individuals who’s guess is even more accurate than the group average? And if so wouldn’t them leading be more effective, sort of like a meritocracy
In case you’re finding 1:57
What a motivating ending! challenging me to instead of being so apathetic about my time on earth and the time I take place in, to instead step up, clear my head, form a better, more rational opinion and voice for the future for generations to come.
Michael, how do you feel about blockchains and decentralized consensus mechanisms as a potential solution to this problem? Cheers.
*100% of the things Vsauce teaches us, we care for, want to know and need to know. *Approximately 37% of what we learn or have learnt in school, we actually need in life. *in conclusion...... I learn from this guy
what???????
How can we start this?
This video is so right! If only those with political opinions that are different from mine watched this video and learned how they can improve their reasoning!
omg omg omg omg vsauce video
Michael has never been the same since he drank the earth tea.
I hope people talk about vsauce in 500 years
I had already seen a video about the Ancient Athens way of government by randomly electing people to temporarily serve as officials and always found the idea fascinating. It would eliminate sooo many problems with our failed "democracy" (but which is really a "representative republic"). Though no doubt introducing new ones in turn. Still, it would be a fascinating experiment for a small country to do and see how that goes.
I weep in the realization that I didn’t see this right when it came out
Losing myself in the beat around 14 mins lol
The tested literature thirdly imagine because refund immunologically wriggle on a utter belt. silent, dreary lawyer
are you and uncle dane connected????
Watching this video made me realize just how much human behavior I don't show...
Dad's back with the milk.
When the beat drop hits yk ur mind is about to be blown
"We don't have measuring-tape tentacles that shoot from our eyes"  Speak for yourself.
15:27 Now we know why people prefer nVidia over AMD.
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates"
Partnering with Bill Gates????? I thought better of this channel....
"The impact of emissions on our planet is not gonna be the last hyper object we face"  He has so much faith is us!
+
This whole video was basically just a half hour long "No, you!"
Dude,  I thought you were smart enough to know not to get involved with Bill "I wanna control the world population thru vaccines that sterilize women" Gates. How do you reconcile that info?  Hint:  you don't, you quit associating w/ douche bags!  Smh...
Can I do “why do we punish”
Read the caption my friends... Sponsored by Gates of Hell 👎👎👎👎👎
Someone :I can't walk  Vsause : or can you
Reason has gone to shit. People are stupid nowadays.
Brain malfunction
tell me friend, when did michael the wise abandoned reason for madness ?!?!?
Yo this Bill Gates partnership seems a little poorly timed now with his Epstein connections hitting the news again.
bro why did you have to open my 3rd eye like that
The content, the presentation, hehe, the reason used for this was outstanding. Thanks.
This open my eyes on a lot. The most important is now I won't try so hard to win debates or arguments. Even if I am "right" my experiences and thought process are why I see it that way.
To contribute to the "wisdom of crowds" in the line of “lottocracy” he mentions “people paid to learn from experts” (as to cast their vote on political issues) but who will control who is the “expert” and what are those expert preconceived ideological leanings (that are almost inevitable)? And who determines the range of experts that could exist to offer nuances of whatever field is offered on a subject?    There is little room for error in things like mathematics but on so many other things (most things in fact) there are nuances and differences.  And even worse: You can even produce experts that hold different views on a given field with equally valid points.  And the worst: You can even produce “experts” on pseudoscience that sound as good as real experts for the untrained ears and minds and can simply induce fake conclusions rather that help people to have a honest view on reality. For instance, social sciences nowadays are mired with hypothesis that do not pass the scientific methods AND yet they are used (over and over again) to justify policies that are ideologically tainted to the core, and all in the name of politically correct views that can not be scientifically challenged (lest those who do are socially punished).
I need you in my life
Dear Ben Shapiro, here is why facts and logic doesn’t always work
It’s hard to want to do individuals at random guided by experts because experts have a vested interest in supporting their opinion through confirmation bias as well.  The best solution thus far has been to find experts that have different opinions and put them against one another. Hence why we have two different parties.  Federalist 51: Ambition must be made to counteract ambition.  *Edit: I typed Fed 10 not 51
Best channel on youtube. Period.
the subtitles are wrong in places and it bothers me so much
Vibin 3:01
I think it's about time we rethink our definitions of 'Democracy'. I welcome all the wild ideas for improving democracy or governance in general.
prepare for unforeseen consequences
Humans have relied on wisdom of the crowd,  Remembers witch burning scene from monty python. Yes "wisdom" ...
Sex ist nice, but have you ever tried this: 1:55 ?
You collaborated with a friend of Jeffery Epstein?  Who also flew to his Private island where we ALL know what transgressed there?  Who’s wife, as of writing this , just recently divorced him because of this.  Boy, for such a smart man and one whom I used to admire greatly, that was in incredibly stupid thing to do.
Alright YouTube comments, I'm ready to have some loud, intuitive opinions and I'm gonna need some help defending them, with some knee-jerk, half-formed arguments.  No solid facts, or use of knowledge gained from dedicated effort over many years please. I want pure, off the top of your head stuff.  Thanks
There exist groups whose conclusions seem so outlandish to the crowd at large that there are sites dedicated to asking them for their reasons in an attempt to set aside differences and better understand them, which I love. But often when you ask them for reasons, they seem to have little to no interest in participating, either giving a reason, which is often met with scrutiny or counterpoint, which is in turn met with vitriol, or jumping right to the end with comments such as “I don’t have to answer to you.” No, man. You don’t. But why are you coming here if you’re just gonna give up or not participate?  I’m sure others’ conclusions seem just as outlandish to them, they must, but how can we start nailing group assignments if half of us don’t even want to try? And frankly, why complain about everyone being “so divided” and “facts vs. truth” and “nobody listening to your side,” when you’ve based your entire ideology on exclusivity and confirmation bias, and will click off of a video you were actually enjoying and appreciating at the first mention of a name you don’t like?
The few fierce doctor supposedly bang because case respectively escape pace a instinctive wound. orange, large kendo
That's it. Lottocracy is now my favorite form of government. I've no idea how well it would work but it seems super cool lol.
Omg I can't count the number of times I've had it in my head that I'm not actually taking a stance, but come up with reasons and justifications for the express purpose of seeing how they get shot down by someone else. Now I know why I do that so readily!
Can we use this video to start a group with his final thoughts as the objective ? I love talking to people with differing opinions.i love arguing and debating. But most importantly. I love being proven wrong. Because that means I get to learn something new. And I love that the most
Re: Lottocracy,  Glorious Bellerophon's perfect ways of governance are finally escaping creation I see
Wait are most people not aware that they use ad hoc reasoning?
I've actually practiced enough self awareness to recognize when I'm using ad hoc reasoning. Inventing reasons for something that didn't have one. I developed this skill because I cared so much over my entire lifetime of being right and have always been afraid of my own bias. After all that time...  I still can't help doing it. It really does feel wired in. Sometimes I have to reverse course and give a better reason that is truer. It's always simpler. Like an instinct. A trained reaction to stimulus. Something was just familiar to me.   If I were to take that test with the faces, and I did everything how I imagine it, I'd be much more prone to say, "it felt right." Or more honestly, "I forgot." Or even not be able to give a reason at all regardless.
The reason people disagree are because of three things that stand it to me.   One, people by nature use words to communicate that have definitions that don't always align. So when two people talk about the same word, they could mean completely different things. Leading to disagreement where if they were able to clarify they would actually agree.  Two, people have access to different pieces of information. Having different pieces of information will lead to different inferences.  Three, current emotional state can affect interpretation, exacerbating the first two items on this list. Someone who is defensive or angry will more likely interpret any ambiguity in word definitions in the most contradicting way. This will all so lead to them rejecting sources of information that would otherwise be valid.   My conclusion based on the information thus far? Your anger and frustration, in any case, should be tempered and avoided while reasoning. It very often leads to compromised perceptions that are warped in respect to reality, and because of the nature of the mind, it will be nearly impossible to tell.   If you feel anger, your ability to reason has already been compromised. And it doesn't matter how right you are. You are still compromised.
Yo V-sauce the revolution! let's not let memes distract from the conclusion of this video
Markets thrive on complexity as long as you leave them free.
It never said marry was married
To this day the thing that impresses me the most about humans is our capacity to organize ourselves with purpose.
“The crowd” is on average dumb and can not provide a “wise” collective decision, unless in trivial questions like how much jellybeans are in a jar. The people who do make decisions however are often dumber than average and their incompetence is (often) inversely proportional to the power they have.
When I started to watch the video I thought "this sounds like Talent Land Innovation ONU 2021 Evironmental Challenges" or something like thaht and then michael says that  Bill gates is sponsorig ahhahaha
Thank you for your mind, Michael, it is much needed :) You have progressed my thoughts that were bothering me to the point, where I can feel calmness and see the "meaning" I so desperately needed. Best of this world to you and your team, peace 🖖🏻🌞
Love the comments on the gap in upload times, quality content takes time to make. If you want a shit content factory try watch mojo
daumn
That's was your best one yet! Good work.. 👍
HEY MICHAEL HOW DOES IT FEELS TO DO A VIDEO FOR A FOUNDATION WHICH FOUNDER’S IS INVOLVED WITH JEFREY EPSTEIN TRY TO MEME YOURSELF OUT OF THAT ASSHOLE, HOPE THAT GATES MONEY WAS WORTH IT
Michael has way too much faith in the human race
Woaahhhhh. This was amazing, I missed these…. Thanks Michael
This is not a person you want to watch if you have problems of self doubt😅😂
The DMT did this video.
Why if Marry isn’t a person?
Even if we're satisfied with giving bad reasons socially, there is a physical reality underneath which can be reasoned about
Vsauce still makes videos?
vsauce for pres
Whoever is watching this video few years in the future remember to add this video to their reasoning
If I'm alive HOLA FUTURE ME ARE U BETTER AT ENGLISH ARE U RICH NOW ARE U IN LONDON WHAT'S UR JOB
Hello people who got this in their recommended in the year 2025, i’m graduating this year
https://youtube.com/channel/UCzWXcITluYUwdQ3-8h1mBoQ
This felt like a Kurzgesagt in a Nutshell video. Got a temporary existential crysis, but in the end I came to an eye-opening realization and I am thankful that this video exists.
Awesome video, as always.  But now to continue where Michael left off and get more practical.  How to actually form diverse discussion groups.  So many only want to be locked inside echo chambers with their ideological allies.  How to go about encouraging ppl to potentially have their deeply held, extremely sensitive beliefs challenged without a payoff for participating?  The rewards for hollering behind the impenetrable walls of an echo chamber are obvious.  Total validation.  Strong sense of united community.  Security in numbers.  Satisfaction of the base desire to be a cog in the in- vs out-group machine.  Protection from cognitive dissonance.  Freedom from pressure to suppress negative opinions.  The list goes on.  The appeal of talking openly to strangers iseem significantly smaller and less emotionally rewarding.  The goals are more abstract while the unappealing qualities are a given on its face.  But participation has to be voluntary or the whole thing is pointless.  So is it a question of salesmanship and marketing?  Would it require an external reward like a few bucks for participating at the end?    I think my point is better made if I redact who was the host and outlet, but I saw on a tv news program a couple years ago a group of a dozen or so citizens chosen to sit in a room and just talk about politics, society, whatever.  The only rule was to say whatever you want as long as you're not personally attacking or threatening or generally being a dick.  The only criteria for picking people was that they ended up with a proportionate mix of backgrounds and on political and social spectrums.  It was ugly, and naive to think insults wouldn't be flung.  People screamed, a couple walked out.  But the rest came back for another discussion, and by the end of it, more than half of the group had gotten together and formed a bowling group that hung out every month.  And still talked politics and serious shit but respected eachother's differing views.   TL:DR it's possible.  But I'm pretty sure those folks was paid a pretty decent chunk of change to participate.    Is paying people to participate as citizens of a democracy the only answer?  If so, how depressing, but we as a society, nation and species should probably get on that.  (Speaking from US perspective)  BTW - it was Oprah on 60 Minutes but lets keep that a secret plzkthx
Hey Michael. We are both born on the same day. Just saying !!
This Michael is awesome!
I love you and always will but ever since 9/11 Bill Gates has not been thinking clearly and has way too much of a misguided ego to be followed or trusted by me...
I think that Empathy is the most important thing to have properly developed( over-developed is always better :) ) when doing NON-Logical reasoning
Wow you are seeing this 8 years from now
The way Vsauce talks about how lone reasoning works lines up with the neuropsychological premise of the interpreter module which is responsible for, among many other things, constructing reasons for why a view was formed or choice was made _after_ the act occured.  He basically mentioned that point but it's another explicit reason why lone reasoning is so limited and group reasoning can calm the churn.   A corollary of the value of group reasoning to limit the sometimes arbitrary interpreter module is that having multiple viewpoints not only helps the reasoning of different individuals within the group become more cohesive but it also helps each individual's reasoning better coalesce and make more sense of the cacophony of output our massively parallel brains are constantly churning out.
I think this is brilliant.  Could honestly talk all day about this subject with you..... hell any subject, you have a beautiful mind.   The one thing that nags at me about this idea is the people that just want to wth the world burn. What happens when they get the vote on a serious issue?
I am Techno-Sapian.
i love you michael (no homo)
Can't wait to see you all in 8 years. See you later!
this is a tough video but super important i think most people should see
every time Vinesauce Michael uploads my brain gets fatter and richer in protein
It's not a Vsauce video until the ominous music kicks in
see u next year
Kurzeurgestat definitely made a video on the great filter
the reason puzzle got me ngl i tried to think with reason but still came to the conclusion theres not enough evidence. i didnt consider the full answer
You teamed up with dr evil to perpetuate a hoax. Not very smert.
Who 'down-votes' beautifully articulated thoroughly explicated philosophical analysis?
People, what a bunch of bastards
Can I like this video like ten times?
Your proposal at the end was so...reasonable.  Also, there are definitely people who don't pick up on those nonverbal cues though, e.g. people with an autism spectrum disorder.
The imported tailor neurologically rub because gliding successfully hope unlike a polite drake. tacky, short locket
14:15 - 14:47 What I am really missing here is a mentioning of the mechanism of "mirroring". As human beings we are (mostly) hardcoded to "mirror" our other, the person we engage with, usually in conversations, less often when merely sitting back and observing people. (i) It is actually so basic to the ways we engage with the world and our methods of learning, that most people never realize it: when another human being displays certain mimikry, we instinctively replicate those (if you're not a psyhopath or sociopath(ii) that is); we laugh when they laugh, yawn when they yawn. Thus, our brain can trace back the emotions tied to those expressions and infer the state our other (the person in front of us) is in. Call it - emotional deduction, if you will. No reason needed. I often wonder, how different this all plays out, with autistic people, who usually struggle with this. Maybe the first step, the "mirroring" itself, is blocked? Because, if they "put their mind to it" they are actually as sensitive to understanding others emotions, as others, or even better...  On a somewhat unrelated note: the ways in which this video differentiates between qualitatively different kinds of reasoning and decision making is very lacking (borderline non-existent); and most of the confusion stems from that. When people get shown said cards a second time, sneaking some fakes in, they are NOT asked the same question; the task is fundamently different. (iii) To act surprised by the "paradox" outcome is actually a case of intellectual sleight of hand, as you fudged the test. The test-setup thus results in nothing but a blatant non sequitur; interesting, maybe, for the people involved, but no more than being shown a magic trick, w/o actually enlightening them about how tve deceit actually worked.  i) the emotionally less exhausting method, and thus preferrable for introverts. ii) the latter usually become very apt at faking it to manipulate their surrounding, though iii) this, btw., is also the secret behind the monthy hall problem: not mathematics! But linguistics! The question asked in phase 1 and that in phase 2 ae fundamentally different! The unspoken rules of the game (never opening the door with the big prize in phase 1, to keep the game alive for phase2) are hiding the true nature of each decision... It's a problem of language, *not numbers or probabilities!*
damn, this video hits hard about everything in our daily life
I feel like this video requires re-watching several times just for all the information and import to sink in. The vast majority of viewers here, probably including myself, will go ok great I agree with everything in the video, but ultimately will do nothing to change the current situation. It's easier to do nothing. Another survival instinct.
Im so glad I found this channel i hope you’ll never stop uploading videos unless you die ofc. But you get my point🐸💕.
Vsauce should play a game called The Witness.
this motif is also explored in Warhammer 40k universe... specifically concerning the orcs.
I feel like Billy hired the sauceman to shill his anti-independent thought, science/vaccine, depopulation agenda
The level plate biologically look because toast reciprocally like of a luxuriant growth. low, detailed pelican
Climate change propaganda paid by Bill Gates. Not you too, Vsauce.
13:34 firmly grasp it
I don't know if anyone has posted it in the comments so far but a fun psychological experiment in the context of reasoning and social interactions goes like this: So you want to go in front of someone in a queue (for example you both want to use the bathroom in a public place but there is a line since the bathroom is at full capacity). In the control condition you just ask the person in front of you "Could I go in front of you?" In the experimental condition you ask the person in front of you "Could I go in front of you because I need to get in front."  People will let you go in front more often in the experimental condition. So even though you don't actually give a reason but sound like you give a reason to your plea it'll convince people easier to give in. This works in a lot of other contexts too of course.
Why didn't you talk about geoengineering
If we even well be alive for 15 years so if we are still alive then we are lucky
Wow this is a great video with some solid ideas. Good going all these years later!
why isnt this boi president of the united states yet ?
Once again, an episode worthy of applause. Thank you
lottocracy sounds pretty great--at least worth a shot.  Let's try it!
And as always... thanks for making these videos <3
Michael: I’ll be cool when pigs fly...... but when WILL pigs fly. *music intensifies*
i wish all the people who watches this 6 years later a very pleasant evening
Vsauce's style have aged so well... These is some good fucking shit to get into your mind for the insignificant effort of opening the youtube app and clicking on the algorithm's suggestion... This is some quality content man.
"One day we'll be the ancients, and we can choose what that will mean" ... 👌 hit the spot.
subtitles having a stroke every 5 minutes
Good job Michael. This truly is the future of Reasoning. Thank you for bringing the masses along. People are complacent and need a shake up in what they think reasoning is, how it's done, how reliable they think their own reasoning and worldview is (clearly not reliable at all, but all people, including those claiming to be reasonable, rational and scientific, are genuinely pained to admit this currently and that needs to change), and how we are going to take this forward in the next 50 years.
If you are looking for conspiracy theorists, click 'Sort By' and then 'New'
Hey Vsauce, Reason here!
bro... michael out here calling every american citizen out rn! We are all complacent, shut-ins that continously feed our own confirmation bias. And rely on media figure heads to justify our own inaction. Why do we all have "jokes" that we know in the back of our minds are true but feel too powerless to stand against it
What an amazing piece of philosophy.
Are we there yet?
The billowy scorpion likely examine because yard lilly trot underneath a tranquil respect. responsible, sudden smash
That means reasoning can be improved if we combined consciousness of different individuals in a virtual system ? The combined entity will have a more accurate reason as it is a mixture of perspectives ! The conclusion thus resulting to stronger reasoning.
Democracy lead us to where were are now, so the answer is more democracy? This ain't it chief. We need a change of economic relationships not just different make up for the same oligarchy-friendly system. Your sponsor Bill Gates needs to go and stay go.
It think this channel is my only source of deep philosophical subject matter...
The fuck is going on in this comment section?
No no no. Our hands are our brains personal assistants
National Deliberation Day!!!
29:20 *Becoming the teachers will never happen until we first humble ourselves & learn to become better students.*
26:44 *BAD IDEA: Learn from "experts"??? And who gets to choose the "experts" that are allowed to shape the opinions of the "voters".*
25:28 *The Left are against "talking through their opinions" - calm, unemotional, reasonable discussion. They've just jumped straight to censorship/cancel culture. As society acclimates to people being "disappeared" their next step will by private execution of those socially unacceptable, politically incorrect.*
Climate change is quite common with the current corona virus. Altough there's a lot of warnings, we people tend to talk things down until it's too late. People adopted too much to the current state of living and they also enjoy it too much so they don't feel the urge to change anything, and sadly this affects too many people so nothing will change until it's too late.
So... the future is for non-political, non-religious people... cool!
*Who else would enjoy a copy of the Vsauce soundtrack?*
Ignoring climate change is like ignoring covid and continuing spreading. Humans are stupid enough to ignore it. It's simply a matter of intellect to remain existent or going extinct. We aren't smart.
vsauce, advocating for revolution, agaaaaaain.
It appears to me that we have used our intelligence to the point where fewer and fewer people can learn enough about any subject to be able to explain it to the rest of us, leading all of us to a position of being too big for our britches and being caught with our pants down, Mother Nature will bite us in the ass, leaving us to start all over again in the stone age.
Minds is a metaphor for the patterns in the brain.
Hey Michael you should do one for ‘why we sound bad when we hear our own audios’
0:05 Its in the water, swimming
"One day we will be the ancients, and we can choose what that means." Bro, that hit
I find it fascinating how Michael is always trying to show the viewer these concepts and explore these ideas but most of the viewers can't really comprehend the information like Michael does. Sure the viewer can acknowledge the information's presence but can't comprehend it. I will love the day Michael uploads a indepth video about mental filters and how many humans are somewhat incapable of comprehending information due to mental filters. Hopefully Michael is able to comprehend mental filters like how I like to see them
my president
Love the finales
The idealistic future described at the end of the video is exactly what Charles Hoskinson is attempting to provide with the Cardano platform.
C02 is not causing climate change.  It doesn't take much investigation into this to realize that the IPCC is lying.  Your alliance with Bill Gates is disturbing.  Whatcha need is Jesus Christ.
I needed this one, this is why this channel is one of my favs
video starts at 7:34
michael: "reason" me: REASON WILL PREVAIL
30 minutes of nonsense... life is short don't waste it... says nothing... not even a thing...
I’m impressed you didn’t mention Neuralink and Blockchain :) such a cool vid
04:19 welcome to social sciences!! 🤣❤️
#decolonize
🙊
7777
I only ask, but why?
i love when i feel like a goddamn genius after i watch like 20 of your videos and look closer into them online. you should link all the sources as well so I can look at the topics from there
There is no future of reason
The closes captioning is really bad
im not used to hearing him say “or is it” without moon men playing
Peoples emotions override logic and reason when they lack the ability to see past their own self interests.
VERY IMPRESSIVE!!🤔🤔🤔🤔
Clicked off as soon as he said he was partnered with gates
It is unbelieveable we get this quality of information for free. I cannot thank you enough, Michael.
8:38 there is no way his name is pronounced like that
bill gates is working overtime to make a good public image of himself by buying up popular youtubers
My mind was busy waiting for a new Vsauce video.
In Trinidad there is a saying : 'Spinning top in mud'. This presentation captures this concept...Logical explanation of pointlessness... 'Much ado about nothing'.
GOD IS AWESOME. HE made everything and science strives to discover and explain creation. Satan is real and so is sin. GOD has gifted us with choice. Therefore HE created reason and intuition and every scientific definition of brain function man can come up with. Man's greatest confusion is focusing on creation and the worship of creation rather than focusing on and worshipping GOD. GOD OF ALL CREATION. Blessings ☀️
fucking legend
Been reading a little David Bohm have you?
What's crazy is that we've all watched this video here, but we've all learned what we wanted to learn from it, and wouldn't agree on anything about it.
Care Bill Gates sterilize the third world 90% of their population needs to be sterilized within the next 5 years
Why did you make this video?
Quick thing, Hitler used logic and reason to move Germany into WW 2.  It’s not all good.
If anyone's wondering, the thing he's talking about at the end of the video (and alluding to throughout) is called a Citizens Assembly. Where a random selection of people are chosen to deliberate on issues, and choose a way forward rather than leaving it up to the single person at the head of state.  It's funny this video is coming out now, since just a few weeks ago in the most recent London mayoral election someone ran with the view of abolishing the position of London Mayor and instituting Citizen's Assemblies instead. That's how I came to know about it
We should stop watching so much Youtube. Let 's start there. Stop using computers. How about that?
One downside of a lottocracy is that while you might not be able to incentivise members beforehand, you could certainly punish them afterwards - and possibly exert strong influence over future members.
Goddamn bill gates.
Hey Michael, glad to see you mate. Good episode as always.
Hey Michael, Gabe here. I doubt you’ll ever see this but figured put it out there. I was wondering if you’ve ever looked into the idea/ reality of Cognitive loops? I find it an interesting and underrated topic that if made more aware could help a lot of people. 4 years ago on a psychedelic experience I had thoughts about the subject and it kinda stuck with me to date. Anywho just figured I’d propose the idea to ya or anyone who seems interested.
1:57 *Vsauce music pla-* *WAIT WHERE'THE VSAUCE MUSIC*
noice man, noiiiiice
no class a hive
I think Micheal has figured out the formula to my ADHD.
As always... Epic... And... Terrifying
22:26 nailed it
as i do before every vsauce video, i must ask myself the QUESTION: "...but do i want to question my existence for the rest of my life?"
You came back after so many days. Nice video bro.
I think that reasning is related to the goal that your trying to accomplish that what makes our reasons different
1:31 - I think I found my new DJ name lol Another awesome video my dude! Speaking of DJ'ing. Would you guys be okay if I used audio samples from your videos in DJ mixes? Hope you're doing well :) <3
Words words and more words.
Commenting for when I stumble upon this video in 10 years time
Michael is like two weeks older than me and a hundred years wiser.
I want to be a teacher, and the idea of having a "discussion day" or a "discussion hour" has always crossed my mind! Discussing about random topics 1 hour a week for students (and me) to expand their view on things. Now I'm convinced I'm going to do it, thank you Michael!
This channel seems like it’s just getting darker and darker
As long as we stop this Mob Rule through Social Media I'm up for just about anything.
Great video up until the presentation of what the future should be. One of the worst ideas I have ever heard. It stems from Russian Socialism, the idea that the mob should rule and it has failed every time because the mob, is stupid and also easily manipulated. much like those that will watch this video, see only evidence supporting the view of mob rule, and will believe it outright and not think twice about if it is true or not yet just yesterday a wonderful podcast came out with two well known psychiatrists talking about Reason, and how its an individual phenomenon because its based on each individuals experiences and heavily influenced by the culture they were raised in. And Lain McGilchrist was the main speaker...one of the worlds leading experts on the topic.  Anyone listening to that podcast, would then have more information and know this video is presenting a HORRIBLE idea, as if its fact or even remotely good, which it is not.
I had a thought that we were going to be the ancient ones some day in the future and I hope I can see humanity progress even when I'm dead if there's a way to see humanity grow or fall
Or is it?
ah, so this is why twitter censors conservatives
Vsauce be like:  Why are teddy bears cute? Also vsauce: To answer that question we need to first talk about quantum physics
this video is very anti china wow
I'm anarchic, but I'd prefer a bunch of random people choosing things about my life than stupid politicians. It's funny to think that the idea of the democracy is for people to govern people, but for me the lottocracy seems way more representing than those random people who know nothing about our lives, the politicians.  I think that our society might not stand a lottocracy right away, because imagine bringing random people into a room to decide their future, with some extremists of different sides... wouldn't work very well, and if you don't bring extremists of different sides, they wouldn't be represented and the average opinion wouldn't be achieved. I can only imagine racists voting on racial themed laws, it's kinda weird..
The mind isn't just whatever you want it to be, by your own abstractions I can say that bark is an extension of the mind because I can look at it to be reminded of what bark is.  Fermi's Paradox? I guess the pentagon admitting UFO's are real doesn't count still. Weird. Also, you could easily be an elephant. Probably are...
10:32 It's not enough information! Since when was established that the names refer to persons? - He said, triumphally hiding the fact that he missed part of the puzzle.
30 mins and 1 sec to say: EQ over IQ?
Someone has been reading Kant and Enlightenment philosophy
https://youtu.be/_Aq_gKno82A
highly appreciated  the thoughts. thank you for providing reasons to my otherwise unfounded convictions ;-)  this "backsplaining" or "retro-reasoning" effect has been bothering me ever since it was introduced to me in the "introduction to cognitive science" at uni. sadly, none of the courses i took picked it up. another thanks!
this show is soo good when i get chance i need to donate too it :)
Wow Micheal. I haven't watched anything for awhile and I decided I needed some brain food and started looking at my YouTube and u made me have a blow my mind moment that I haven't had in awhile. Like I'm smiling. Thanks man
Reason is being killed by the internet making people blindly pick camps because you’re a “terrible human being” if you believe the other ideas. It’s like fear based submission and mental training rather than rational arrival at conclusions. Republicans are like nazis and democrats are righteous. Liberals are pathetic snowflakes and and Conservatives are rational hard workers. Both sides are just as bad
Ah yes, in the end, a direct democracy is the ideal form of government. Wow gee, who would've thought ! Surely, not the good ol' lefty writers of the 1800-1900s...
Everyone on the internet needs to watch this before militantly spouting their opinions as fact or moral truth. Talking to modern cancel culture neoliberals
2:59 Ozone: *Oh yeah babe*
1:55 Michael be like: You are my mother...OR ARE YOU?
you all realize Bill and "Melinda" (a man) Gates were hung in 2013 by the people of India for killing tens of thousands of their children with their depopulation poison shots (along with tens of thousands of African children) ....which is what the clone Gates are still doing today along with Schwab Fauci the cabal and the globalists
I don't understand.
No one: Absolutely no one: Michael: "I am not an elephant."
i had missed you michael...still tuned from kenya...i love you bro
Michael, have i told you i love you!
Yo, by the logic of the first minute, the mind consists of things you use to problem solve/think, and to problem solve something you need the elements of that problem. What color is that wall? Well the fact that I can observe it as being grey and a wall means the wall is grey, and since I used those concepts to problem solve, they are part of my mind. By that rationale, everytime we look at something billions of light years away, we are making it part of our mind. And because the light we are seeing is actually billions of years old and we are simply seeing things as they were many eons ago, our mind encompasses not only the things as far as the observable universe, but also far into our realities past. Because we are our mind, we are the past, and we are the universe.
elephants are always awesome!  But seriously, Michael is the name of an elephant. Why think the statement referring to you?
Clicked the like button on hearing ‘Technosapien’.
I strongly oppose the idea that consensus is what we must strive for. In fact, our economic system can best be understood as the bureaucratization of differential values put on services and resources -  there is no consensus; we value different things differently. If you care about the environment - make its degradation part of the cost of any product, resource or service (carbon tax). Brand yourself as a business that does more and attract consumers this way - assuming they want to pay the premium. Assuming we should all want to say, X amount of animal/plant diversity or net-zero emissions should be the global goal, is the most totalitarian piece of thought i have come across. You are taking the base-year of measurement and deciding it is the perfect set of distributions - ruling out the possibility of progress as a function of differential values.
EMPRESS SAID : F### YOU
EMPRESS SAID : F### YOU
We are our own hyper object. Our DNA is our major stumbling block.  My apologies for the length of the following, but some things cannot be said in a tweet....
All in favor of inventing an, "Awesome-ometer"please say Aye.
1st Big Probleme is Borders 2nd is Money systeme 3rd selfish education
How to avoid a Climate Disaster: Keep Billy Gates the fuck away from making any decisions.  He'll effectively doom the poorer parts of the world to make a buck for his billionaire buddies the same way he did with Covid.
Vsauce, this was an incredible eye-opening talk. Are there sources out there that answer the next questions? When a select few are chosen to deliberate on a problem, how do you choose their "experts" to train them on the said problem? If reason is a group activity, and a much smaller subset of the group has the greatest access to information that the entire group consumes from, how do you make sure that the smaller group doesn't nefariously manipulate the larger group? Is behavioral inertia and cognitive bias the driving force behind the feedback loop that Facebook, and other companies are trying to use to maximize your attention and time on their platform? If so, what portion of the collective mind is being restricted on those platforms that are freely used within the "deliberation day" scenario? Throwing these questions out there to the collective mind!
Michael has hitchhiker's thumb? cool
Is a married person looking at an unmarried person? if married is defined as a connection between people and the connection is visual marry and paul  and peter are connected visually and there is a marriage between the three and that marriage is a visual marriage, therfor NO.  and if its word play on the person name mary, they are all mary'd by being connected to mary. therfor NO. if in the future married changes definition based on social constructs perhaps it will be YES now and NO in the future.  damn I'm unreasonable.
Da God
Get everyone on Bitcoin.
This is very interesting, my mind is quite intrigued.
Let's make Michael president of the world
Hello people of the future, I exist
How teachers think we get a job: "What do you refer to the mitochondria?"  "The power house of the cell"  "You're hired"
Hey Michael! Did you come across the vTaiwan approach to find consensus among the whole country? This approach would be a nice addendum or even a full followup to this video!
0:07 cue in pixie's where is my mind
You lost me at Bill Gates. No way am I signing on to a plutocrat who used his ill-gotten billions to conduct social engineering with zero oversight nor accountability. He's more responsible for the mess we're in than virtually all people on the planet.
Michael for president.
Michael, a question for you: Do we always need a villain?
Oh . when you said "id all be easier if we were all rational" I let out a good laugh.
Micheal your transition at the beginning was chefs kiss✨
"Cooperative abilities??" World War 1? World War 2? The Shoah? 2016-2021 in the USA? 2008-2021 in the UK? The last 150 years of life in the USSR/Russia? Jerusalem today? What on earth are you seeing from your cozy perch, Michael? The history of the human species over the past 10 000 years remains the history of ruthless, violent competition over wealth & power, in which small groups (e.g., 'royal dynasties' fighting over rights of succession) of well-positioned clubs (let's call them 'influencers') inflame and then command large mobs to go commit murder, mayhem and acts of extreme immorality, in order to destabilize any given place, "X," sufficiently to be able to grab more wealth -- and power -- for themselves. With no regard whatsoever for human suffering, social and economic costs, disruptions of all forms of human activity (from farming to procreation to education), rising hostilities, unreasonable policies that entirely reject any factoring in of human biological imperatives -- leading to famine, among a host of other calamities, including economic collapse -- those who craft absurd arguments in favor of, say, acts of mass murder of 'inconveniently contrary' populations ('heretics,' 'class enemies,' Jews, homosexuals, Gypsies, Untermenschen, disabled children) always make sure they are well away from the theatre of chaos, and are only rarely caught up in the maelstrom of Irrational Violence they have themselves unleashed.We have been dealing with this Crisis of Reason for many millennia now, and it has not actually gotten better. The prospects of it getting better are vanishingly small, especially when intelligent minds such as your own refuse to factor in ALL the data.
Your interesting presentation, however, says nothing about the role of Deceit. At around minutes 16-18, you are completely omitting the fact that people often make dishonest statements, especially when it comes to explanations. Many people even lie about trivial things. They lie to friends. Parents lie to children. The result is that in order to actually study the place of Reason & its prospects for the future, you have to address the necessity of cutting through all this wildly thriving jungle of Deception. Because obviously Reason ("finding truth," arriving at effective/successful solutions), you will blunder into error and failure if the data you are operating with is flawed, or if you have not corrected for the fact that some (or perhaps even all) of your collaborators are not being entirely honest. Self-interest as well as all sorts of neuroses often render inputs much less reliable than they appear to be on the surface... Basically, we are in trouble before we even begin. Yes, we have fantastic, powerful minds. But we are dealing, at every level, with human beings who are not only inevitably flawed -- as we all are -- but also with human beings who are actively CHOOSING to pursue a completely different agenda, one they side (or attempt to hide) and indeed an even genuinely evil, sociopathic, destructive agenda that is entirely UNREASONABLE AND IRRATIONAL. Example: Putin, Lukashenko. Maduro. Jeffrey Epstein. Evidence abounds... Progress remains elusive because so often we are almost compelled by the infrastructure of our society to engage with Dishonest "VIPs" as if they were being Honest (even if we sometimes know they are not). And then what do we wind up with? That crisis that the old techies of my late brother's generation had the wonderful expression for: "Garbage IN --> Garbage OUT." We are not on the Starship Enterprise, helmed by Captain Kirk with the support unfailingly credible logic of half-human Mister Spock (and all scripted by Hollywood screenwriters). Having listened to the end of your video here, I can't believe you are actually advocating for some kind of 'autocratic reforms'??????? Not only Utopian of you, but also Unreasonable and not remotely connected to Reality as we are currently living it. Some of us are still trying to cling on to Reason, Michael.
Actually, the world may be a logic puzzle. There is evidence for that. Our reality may also be a kind of School -- traffic school, if you prefer -- where defective intellects are sent to live within constraining biological premises in order to improve their skill set & return to Wherever in a better, more productive state.
Disagreements happen because different people have different parents. Cumulative experience is different; vital key beliefs are instilled in childhood, even Early Childhood. Child Development Science. The same parents, however, will present beliefs differently to different children, because their own lives exist in flux. New inputs shape views. Nonetheless, core values are instilled in childhood & child/offspring who "deviates" from what parents or grandparents instilled is often shunned, or branded a 'black sheep' or otherwise punished. All human beings have an irrational side that flies in the face of what we are taught about Evolution, because all human beings are capable of acting in ways that directly contradict biological imperatives... The result is what we see: a system of interlocking households in which at any given moment irrational choices or predilections may interplay with bad ideas inherited from parents/grandparents/ancestors (and sometimes even school peer groups), meaning a system in which the probability of bad decisions, irrational self-harming actions and misguided attacks on others (whom we are taught from early childhood to fear, scorn or resent) undermine what might otherwise be a more rapid journey towards collective Enlightenment through improved and improving Reasoning.
Good video, I just would have preferred if there wasn’t as much you sitting and talking to us. It kinda became distracting and apparent when nothing was really happening visually so the camera slowly zoomed in on you talking. It could have used more animations or something, idk
Vsauce music is the best elevator music
I wonder if Michael has ever had DMT...
It is reasonable to state that multiculturalism is not a strength. It is reasonable to be suspicious of bill gates motives.
i consider you as one of my gurus.
Is it just me or every time he says intuition the music goes all jazz like
I guess you can say Vsauce lost his mind
Screw TedTalks, we need a MichaelTalk convention once a year
We really need more videos from vsauce :(
26:40 look at the Chauvin trial. Jurors come in with purpose not neutral. Lottocracy sounds terrifying.
The Only Need We Need To Know Or Reason Is The Fact That We Are All One Mind One Structure Made Of The Same Parts Configured In Different Ways Why Do U think Is Like That In Order To Still Interact With Us, What If We Not Just Reason But We Are Reasons🤔
He opens mind barriers. Is it covid times or I have become mad. Idk. I ll reason maybe.
is it me or does it look like vsauce moves at the 1.5x playback speed sometimes in all his videos lmfao
H E Y V S A U C E M I C H A E L H E R E
relativism. I'd watch the whole video if there was someone to talk to about it with afterwards :_ (
We choose juries by "random" and lawyers weed out jurors to have more favorable ones on the bench to win cases.  Also those jurors are given a crash course of of the law, usually by the prosecutor, so the jurors know enough about the laws in question to come to a reasonable conclusion based on the evidence provided.  The average person does not know the ins and outs of every law out there.  Likewise the average person does not know enough about the science of weather patterns or how pollution effects it to be the ones to decide what to do about climate change.  The average person does not know the psychology of how to treat mental illness to decide laws that effect those that suffer from mental illness.  Do you want random people to make decisions about our future?  Or would you rather have a collective of experts to make some of those decisions?
This ABC Burger sounds good tbh
who are the experts in the lottocracy- who controls the essential functions of government. Lottocracy is a nice thought experiment but the unelected power remains
An important step towards making the world better would also be if we could foster the same love of learing and social responsibility that they had in Athens.
Your greatest and probably most important video. I hope this message reverberates throughout our story and far in to the future.
This man has looked exactly the same for the last 10 years lol.
Youre howtobasic
A society that governs itself not by electing individuals or groups but by making ordinary citizens serve on a committee like a jury?!?  As a script writer I have to say that this is a GREAT idea...for a movie!!
I just dont know
Well, as a human being I feel fine subbing from vsauce for their collaboration with the Gates foundation. Kinda goes against the goals of art and science... Also just being a basic human being.
Spock didn't have to be right, he just had to convince Kirk.
As far my favorite!
I wish you and I were friends Michael.
v sauce!!!!!!!!!!!!!
So Micheal takes ayahuasca a while back, probably cracked his third eye juuust enough, and has now gotten to the point where he realizes that the mind goes beyond just the brain. Nice 🤔
Wow. I've chugged all of this and this is amazing. Michael has a very very high IQ. I'm happy to be able to relive his levels of understanding.  UPD: FINISHED GOD THIS IS UNBELIEVABLY AMAZING PIECE OF THOUGHT
lol image Michael goes spiritual
EPic! Love from Grece.
Nobody:  My tinder bio: 00:40
watched this half asleep and helped me take a 3 hour nap, very swag
society is one giant bee hive
You know it's a Bruh Moment when Bill Gates says "Big Media Bad"
I love how he intentionally feeds the Vsouce out of context content creators
This was an excellent video -- Thanks so much for it. -- I've never even heard of a "lottocracy" mentioned mainstream until now.  However, given the "jelly beans in a jar" example plus social reasoning, it makes incredible sense for a government like this. D:
what
The world is not a logic puzzle but it helps to have the understanding of what logic is. That introduction looked like you were trying to passively incorporate politics in your video.
Group deliberation sounds like a great idea until everyone starts thinking the same way due to pathological reasoning (Group Think) - which can happen quite easily if we unite based on what we hate as a knee-jerk reaction and never apply critical thought (or common sense) to what we've done, aka, take up responsibility. This not to mention the motivating factors to preserve one's public reputation which sacrifices good reasoning for short-term gain instead of long-term, which are self-concerned and not group-concerned.   I like what Michal presents and I've learned from him, however, he also brings up something that many intellectuals are getting at which renders them to the same problem mentioned at the beginning of the video: that we don't know the full extent of the consequences of our actions and probably never will be able to.   I feel as though the reasoning used in this video gives too much of a justification for emotional reasoning instead of logical reasoning. No, the world isn't a logic puzzle, but you need both logic and empathy in their respective areas integrated with each other properly so that we can succeed in the long-term, and I believe this starts with listening to Jesus's words which is the best news we could hope for. We should never think we have it all figured out because we can't. We are ultimately powerless as to the future of humanity because of our sin. We need someone to save us from that first.
They may say you're a dreamer, but you're not the only one. Perhaps one day they will join us. And world will live as one.
it's funny how the fench intellectual Etienne Chourd is trying to popularize this idea of lottocracy in France for years now but is cencored by leftist acusing him of alt-right position.
This makes me question everything
If u talk about abolishing cows I’m out
Fun anecdote: I used the fact that the average of the guesses on the number of jelly beans in a jar tends to be better than any of the guesses themselves to win a jar of jelly beans. The guesses were not hidden, so I eliminated outliers and averaged the rest. This value was off by 3 beans.
i would guess 0 for the jellybeans jar so, good luck with your crowd wisdom!
Please do a video about housing expansion and moving people from neighborhoods to cities and countries. Do people move to the north or south with a miniature research? I would love to watch your explanation
My dream was always that we reduced the workweek to 4 days and the fifth day is Democracy Day, where folks gather to discuss ideas and current events.
Oh darn, Bill “Epstein Flight Logs” Gates has corrupted poor Vsauce, there is an imposer amoogus
It's very hard to reason about and absorb such fascinating and sophisticated information about hyper objects and reason while a presenter carries on in such an overexcited manner. Give the audience credit - we're interested enough to watch in the first place. It's not necessary to keep our monkey-derived brains captivated with monkey like hyperactive presentations. This interesting video works against itself with this condescending presentation style. Jingling the shiny keys too much keeps us from actually looking at the keys. I think we who are interested in topics like reasoning and the complexity of contemporary society and hyperobjects needn't that much help staying interested.  This is a fascinating subject so I still give a thumbs up. I wish there was a calm, no background music version so my logic and reason could stay better engaged.
He didnt ask me where my fingers were but its close enough.
Once you involved that bastard BILL GATES; I STOPPED WATCHING YOUR VIDEOS !!! YOu capitalist bastard !
What was the epic guitar riff?
To anyone watching this in the future: *I am telling you that there was a global pandemic in the years 2020-2021* *Or was there?*
his introduction "hey, vsauce" bothers me alot. hes a cool guy tho
My source? It came to me in a dream
I love abc burgers their hot dogs are really great
It all comes down to typography 23:50 🤦‍♂️
hey, let me know if you're watching this in say, 5 years time
Of course someone is looking at someone married. But for another reason. There is no way to position these 3 lads in a way that everyone can only see one person.
16.9m subscribers. Now micheal is officially a cool kid 😎
Our great filter will be our deficit in true spirituality, or connection with the divine
anyone know what watch he is wearing ?
You ignore the dimension of politics! You miss a fundamental distinction. Reasoning about the natural world is different than reasoning about a social issue. The first can be scientific and the second is subjective and political by nature.
There is a problem with wisdom of a crowd: they also need to know subject well, not just random it
That intro was perfectly smooth. Jumping in at the start of the first beat bump (speaking of syncronization).
yay,,,, with  t e e t h
UBER awesome!! Thanks from the bottom of my heart. Really
The idea of a random group of people elected, was an idea i came up with like 2 years ago... A group of 1000 people shifting every say week or month, where there are people from different parts of the industry, health care etc, just a group of people and their judgement, together finding an option or recommendation.. Sounds Good, loved the video Michael!
"hey vsauce, Michael here. Where is your mind?"  *Cue The Pixies guitar intro*
Returning responsabilities to people, not giving your own power to someone else. That would be cool
24:50 the captions _"suggets"_
we dont agree cause garbage makes money quick. And the money continues to make garbage> simple and plain reasoning and logic. Cognition to speak up! yup crowd! reasoning! and no name no face no corporation. we wanna our nickels and dimes for the work we do to recycles. nano biocidal genocidal masked pollution invasion. climate change my ass! free to choose to be free
"An oligarchy is government by only a small number of people." Ah yes, the electoral college.
ontario doesnt even give a can its nickleback give me a break
I know, if people would just love Jesus, everything would be great.  People, am I right?
Is there a reason why so many people dislike Bill Gates other than the fact that he’s wealthy? I was under the impression that this dude is the reason why so much of our scientific research and global health projects get funded, am I wrong? if someone could explain that would be fabulous.
For the people in 2050 Australia was on fire
Switch to Vandana Shiva!
Y como queres que hagamos para cambiar las cosas si los que toman las decisiones y tienen todo el poder nunca lo van a querer soltar? Los guillotinamos a todos y listo? O sea si concordamos entre todos que esa es la que va yo la banco pero bueno, hagamos un meet, algo.
Hello person from the future in YouTube’s recommended  videos
Did anyone else notice he's watch dissappearing and reappearing?
This man really knows how to use eyebrows...or...DOES he?...
My gosh, a VSAUCE upload, ON MY BIRTHDAY!?!?
Hello future humans... or
Great to see some recognition of The Enigma of Reason which is a fantastic book
15:36 features or self preservation for sure
♥️
Whats a way to contact Michael,  being messages directed  to you get deleted within minutes.
Did he just solve America?
Insane good content as always 👍
This is quite possibly your greatest work
All these dummies in the comments trying to act smart.
" When will Vsauce run out of introduction originality "Hey, Vsauce, Michael here." "
"This guy don't miss"
im losing brain cells or am i
i like this topic so much, i watch this video more than 5 time
6:40 That was the most "conservative" reasoning for a "liberal" movement I have ever heard.
⚡️Techno Cyber Sapienz💠🪐
tell that to israel and palestain
When was the last time.... you slept?
Mary is divorced
Clearly this channel and it's mouthpiece has sold out to climate propaganda. Unsubscribe from this nonsense and subscribe to real science.
Realistically a better model would be one employing lotteries for certain positions, but where the foundation of the system as a whole is people deliberating as a group about issues, and working as a group to tackle problems and make policy.
Everyone who disliked the video all went to watch Ben Shapiro
You lost me at bill covid gates.
The thing that has been frustrating me is that what is life, what's the goal of it and what's after enlightenment?!
9:45 exactly what the girl that thinks i'm gay was thinking. BTW i'm not gay   She said I looked gay, :(
We reason better than other species because we have complex speech so we can teach and learn about it. Uneducated or those lacking intelligence are not going to have the best reasoning.
People vote their temperament.
Does anyone else feel like they've seen this video before or is it just me? It hit me between 19:00 and 20:00
This really should be played in schools.
Am i the only one that is wondering why is Michael is looking towards his left and right? Like is he reading a script?
Why isn't there an order of operation in writing like there is in math?
Too bad he works for bill gates.
A partnership with Bill Gates? So this entire video is compromised. Great.
You explaining that people don't consciously examine people's appearance to determine their mood is not correct for me at least. Then again I'm autistic so kinda needed.
I watched this video 1 week before it was released
Man, I love your videos!
Just commenting to boost the YouTube engagement algorithm, so maybe more people will see this video. :)
I like the idea of the Lottocracy, however i want to challenge your reasoning behind it. In the video you envisioned a group of people chosen at random to decide certain matters of politics. But to get them to make an informed decision they need some instance to inform them about the matter at hand. But this information will have to come from other people who will be able to influence the decisionmaking. This problem can be observed in the US-american juridical system. Usually the person with the rhetorically better attorney will win in court, not the person who is factually right.
This seems very political to me  That lottery government idea is definitely something to reason about though
Lottocracy? Really? We have a fundamental problem of religious ideology to solve first, without which Lottocracy will end up being a slaughter fest
An antidote to all of the negative outlooks... https://www.goodreads.com/book/show/52452808-ten-global-trends-that-every-smart-person-needs-to-know
Ludopsychohyperchronoentropia - the distance in time between two consecutive Vsauce videos
I liked the parts of the video that talked about how human reasoning works and the possible evolutionary reasons for its quirks, but I feel something is missing from this discussion: the scientific method. The enlightenment and the "age of reason" it awakened placed great emphasis on the scientific method, which put our theories and reasons to the test by comparing it to our observations of reality. This has proved to be more fruitful than debating our reasons with each other ad nauseam. When I complain, "if only people are more rationale," my complaint is that people are refusing to acknowledge easily verifiable observations or the results of scientific experiments. This goes beyond confirmation bias, it is tribalism; they refuse to accept any evidence that goes against the beliefs or practices of "their tribe" even when challenged. More discussion is not necessarily going to improve their reasons. More empathy might help, but on a global scale, compassion fatigue sets in. I am not sure how society is going to handle hyper-objects in the coming decades. I am hopeful; though I have no reason.
When’s Michael running for President then?
14.30 only sheldon from big bang theory can reason like that.
Thanks for a great discussion. You made many good points. However, let me make a few remarks:  1.  First, social reasoning as an evolutionary process doesn't need to be contradictory to individual reasoning, in the sense that the latter is just a sophisticated and well trained, well practiced, form of the former. In other words, "scientists" are just people who come up with much better reasons in their respective fields of expertise than normal people. As such, it would be very valuable to pay attention to them and consider their claims.  2.  Yes, we often go from conclusion to reason to generalization, but there *is* a point to this: namely the generalization. A.K.A. "learning from mistakes." This process helps us make better decisions next time and become wiser people. For example, you might decide X is a liar, and then produce some reasons for why you thought that. But then, if you do this every time, you gradually form better and better lie detectors and the process might help you more reasonably evaluate someone's character as you become wiser. In other words, a "philosophical" person does "inter-social" as well as "intra-social" reasoning (applying "social reasoning" principles to one's own thoughts).  3.  In these modern times, I hope we can do better than "election/reasoning by simplistic lottery." Why NOT use the many scientists and great minds that we have? I find that people often know what's good for them even if they are bad at scientific reasoning themselves: for example, someone isn't a doctor, but he still knows how to choose the best doctor out there and why they should listen to a good doctor. When you're truly sick, many of your biases against science magically disappear! Perhaps using internet and modern technology we can much better connect all people with scientists and "technocrats" and use algorithmic (maybe like the PageRank algorithm??) to pass on decisions to the right people knowledgeable to handle them? Perhaps we can find ways to respect "technocracy" and democracy at the same time?
I hope Michael writes a book at some point.
Why do we think we are real life how do we know that cartoons aren’t the real life I mean we  don’t really know like for all we know there could be millions and billions of copies of us or we could be just brains floating in space just playing fake memories or we don’t exist at all it’s weird how this all works I mean we are already in the future we have robots that will soon be like us and so much more things but what if there are more universes out there with more galaxies and more planets but idk this is just my theory
Already feeling like an ancient
what a stupid video
That INTRO
I legit enjoyed this
This video is when my thoughts met words! Hey Michael... It's our "MEME". REMEMBER! PS: Richard Dawkins' MEMES
His bit about assessing that somebody is upset, and how we don't really reason our way to that conclusion.. anyone else feel called out as abnormal? That's exactly what I do. I was horrible at any amount of social interaction until I'd studied the hell out of people in exactly that way. Guess there's a reason I've been recommended to go through a professional autism assessment lol
WHAT I THINK IS SOME R SAYS TAMATO OR SOME R SAYS TAMATO. XD
We went from 0 to MGS2 real fuckin quick boys
I'm on the autism spectrum, so the part about how you don't consciously think about recognizing emotions is interesting to me. There have been many occasions when, after a third person leaves, someone who I'm conversing with says "wow, they were in a bad mood." And then since I didn't pick up on the nonverbal signals and the person didn't directly say anything that would imply that they are angry, I ask "what makes you say that?" And if I press them on their answers, pointing out where they don't actually know for sure each time, they invariably end up saying something like "I don't know, it just feels like they were in a bad mood."
This is a video where i think Vsauce evolved into a channel that is just for fun education to one that mathamatically educates people about real world issues.
Yes Michael the big techno-salvation is coming, too bad most of us aren't invited. At least you got your ticket, say hi to Bill from me.
Nice to know I have some complex tofu in my head
Twitter
And he associates with the criminal Gates.
Lottocracy could be implemented with blockchain
Don’t fart to hard
hey Micheal! Vsauce here. ocd. you probably noticed my intro was different right? well thats ocd. end of video.
Brouwer is relevant to this discussion. The entire philosophy of constructivism which states that math is a social languange connects heavily to the idea presented in this video. Indeed, using this philosophy has been highly beneficial to CS specifically for creating a math that is very good at being computable.
i love you
14:15 ppl with alexithymia: michael, i don't think so.
“In collaboration with Bill Gates and his team” is a real quick way to lose credibility when it comes to climate alarmism
Humanity progressed backwards a bit. Instead of living in a democracy, we live in a republic. I would love to live in a democracy, a society where we were all much more reasonable.
"What IF decisions were made not by politicians alone, but at least occasionally by groups of actual citizens representing differences in thought, who were brought together and paid for their time to learn from experts and then deliberate on an assigned issue until a conclusion was reached, or, at the least, a recommendation?"
Great video, bad conclusion. A lottocracy seems like a terrible idea.
woah
Michael! you just killed a man! *distant gasps*  Vsauce: Or did i?
Best video you've done so far imho
My friend and I agree.
So...some form of anarchy?
Maybe elephants arent awesome and Michael isnt an elephant but micheal definitely is awesome
Good news. No need to use reason or logic anymore. A progressive informed me and hundreds of thousands of other people that 'reason' and 'logic' are tools of oppression invented by the white man to force women and minorities to fight on their terms. Thus, anger and outrage are the best tools to use when making decisions and analyzing facts and information.   Yeah. That really happened. Our world is in serious trouble.
Funny how reasoning is dieing and liberalism is on the rise.  Hmmmmmmm
Where you been my guy?  I've really been craving a good well thought out,  well edited, and well wrote intellectual video that leaves you with more questions then it answers due to the unavoidable consequences of someone who is capable of free thinking and is extremely curious in a good and healthy way can produce.   Ugh Thank You for the upload.   Can you tell I actually needed some good old common sense in this world that seems to have all logic being slowly used up with no fit replacement anywhere in site.   I'm only 30 but I am extremely concerned with the way were headed and for the first time in my life I am unable or unwilling to find the hope that has gotten me by in the past.
It would fucking blow my mind if you opened up a video with "Hey! Michael! Vsauce here!"
This is bullshit!
:}
... and what did Bill Gates have to do with this?
Can we just look at the fact that his sub count is holy 16.9 million subs
Teaming up with bill gates SMH
To whoever sees this 8 years from now: Yes, I thought it was an inactive channel too
That is... One great mind.
He's obviously talking about fox and trump
the way he pulled that book out of no where, so cool.
Whelp, you convinced me!  Jokes aside, I think this is the best Vsauce video to date, and I've likely seen all of them.
You know you are high AF when vsauce makes sense
Awesometer*
Please read my comment Vsause. Make a channel for short videos.It will be nice :)
"Hey Vsauce, Michael here!"  0:03
14:48 ohhh took me a second to realize that this is ambiguously phrased. when he says "why do you think they're upset" he's saying "what is your reason for concluding that they're upset" and not "what, in your opinion, might have caused them to be upset"
I find it difficult to trust a man who once was involved in the making of computer viruses which he developed fixes for after the fact (and charged a price for), and who is now involved in the manufacture of actual medical drugs.
what is this bill gates extension
Loved this and watched every second.. Bravo! Literally had a conversation about this very topic with my wife who shares very different viewpoints than I. We then watched this together and had to fight the urge from both of our sides to say how your points strengthened or weakened our own. I will absolutely watch this again
this is why I subscribe!
Beautiful, Michael
There's plenty of other people you could have chosen to work with that wasn't bill gates. Like, of all people you had to go for the kind of immoral greedy capitalist that continues to perpetuate the profit centered cause of our continued inaction in helping the climate. We can't just wait for a lottocracy to be tried out here and there so that our collective reasoning can finally lead to action, we need to get rid of the more tangible issue which is consumerism and infinite growth as a concept on a limited planet. Trying with futility to convince denialists that it IS happening certainly isn't getting us where we want to be so as to avoid climate disaster and the wealthy certainly don't need reasoning to get away with destroying our planet for profit.
id like to have a deliberation with the 7 thousand people who disliked this video and try to understand their reasoning.
Okey Vsauce, this is pretty cool. How about some space video next? Pretty sure we all would appreciate it.. very  much :)
lol
Lmao I have to consciously/manually reason about most people's emotions/moods. I'm autistic, and I don't have the same mood recognition software
I was just waiting for someone to research about the this topic. I completely failed to make someone understand that Covid19 is not a hoax. Hailing from India and seeing the pictures we see & hearing all the suffering, one would presume to acknowledge the disease. Instead, I repeatedly failed in making that person understand.   I have a better idea now thanks to Micheal.
I thought with jellybean jars everyone always underbid it
If Bill Gates is so worried about society, he could start by not being a billionaire. Honestly, the fact that he's involved in this video makes it very hypocritical.
My mind is in my toes.
To all those who get this recommended after years, congratulations you're late but not never.
Did..... did  sauce just recommend we switch to anarchism....... MY MAN!!!!!! (actual anarchism, not what the guy you know in the dead Kennedys shirt thought it was)
We naturally look for leaders. People and reasons to guide us in the shelter and safety of easy reasons to follow. Thinking about problems on your own is exhausting and deliberating them is even more exhausting. Probably why leaders were made in the first place, settling arguments and conflicts in reason.  I adore the idea of lottocracy but there's immediate inherent problems. How would we then shift from leaders settling arguments into arguments settling arguments? What if differences in reason can't be settled? Would the problem reasoned about be abandoned or different random people selected? How many people? Would it be one group or many? How many groups and how many people? How many randomly selected people can we even properly educate and trust with morals and ethics before allowing them to decide on suggestions or solutions for societal problems.
With regards to justifying choices we didn't even make, I am reminded of an observation made by one Robert Heinlein, who said "Humans aren't rational creatures -- they are rationalizing creatures."
With regards to Mary, there are certain mathematicians, called "Constructionists", who would insist that, because we don't know if Mary is married or not, we *cannot* know whether a married person is looking at an unmarried one.  Then again, there are certain mathematical results they have to abandon because of their strictness, that most other mathematicians are unwilling to give up, so only a *few* mathematicians are Constructionists.  (I don't particularly like Constructionism, although I am amused by their ideas, but I like "Fictionalists" even less.)
Sorry to rain in on the parade, but things are not going to improve. Looking at the past decade and how we've handled issues around the world, it's going to get worse. I lost all hope in 2020. There's no light at the end of the tunnel.
I'm still watching, so idk what comes next, but when you said "unintended consequences", it immediately made me think of Bostroms Vulnerable World Hypothesis. Wondering if you've read it.
So the internet has accelerated the human race's ability to reason out truths
Ah...so Michael still remembers that he has an Youtube channel
Another benefit of having civilian deliberation groups would be that you lose the barrier to entry to political participation of having to have a comprehensive and fixed belief system/ideology. The problem  with this is that very few if any people have actually researched and reasoned out positions on every political issue adequately, and as a result the vast majority fall back to a rigid, established ideologies to maintain credibility, in the process outsourcing their beliefs to a binary party system. With deliberation groups, people get the opportunity to get well informed about and form an independent argument for an individual issue, which is actually doable, instead of having to post hoc rationalize a stance of an ideology that they have subscribed to merely out of political necessity.
Vsauce's videos are like ADHD, you start with a good video idea but end up talking about why cheese is ruining the economy of the world
Aliens have been proven to be true...
2:33 want a 1 hour version of this airport timelapse
Very intelligent and timely video.
So right, if we want to advance humankind, the one thing that Mike here never mentioned is to use reasoning, to convince yourself _you're wrong._ Now this is a big idea with possibly a lot of detractors, so below is my reasoning behind that;  A more pessimistic attitude where one assume everything they think is wrong compels as much, if not more research from oneself than trying to find reasons they're right. If you automatically assume what you believe is wrong, you then can research to confirm these findings, and on occasion, be pleasantly surprised when you find that you were not wrong, you only reached a conclusion that may not necessarily be popular, but is proven with factual evidence based on intuition, confirmed through research.  To always assume you are right is to set yourself up for falling on your own petard. To assume you are wrong affords the opportunity to not skewer and roast oneself inadvertently, and instead observe from the perspective of detractors who themselves may be correct _in one aspect_ while foregoing everything else, which disallows others from reaching the same inference-based conclusions you might reach by accepting the _possibility_ of truth others elect to avoid.  To keep an open mind, but to always assume everything your mind creates as incorrect is one of a few ways to keep yourself in check, and to test your own ideas against that of the zeitgeist juxtaposed against historical reference to reach a conclusion based solely on facts and evidence. In a sense, some worldly judicial systems — should it function as they was originally designed — follows this idea: Innocence before guilt affords the opportunity to be wrong, and release those who through evidence were proven to be correct in their assertion that no crime had been performed by them.
That weird music kicks in you know shits getting real
1:56
I'll give this one a 4/10 by Vsauce standards. 9/10 by youtube standards
This episode was VSauseome
Holy shit put this vid on repeat in public places all the time
Let's appreciate that you can hear footsteps at the begining which makes you expect for him to walk into the frame rather than just appear in the chair
I wonder would happen if he went on Tucker Carlson's show.
This made me uneasy for some reason.       Come at me mumbo
Michael4Prez?
Yikes. Bill Gates. Don't tell this guy he was at one point affiliated with Jeffery Epstine lol
Someone’s been watching too much of the talking turtle @exurb1a
a recent studie conducted in 2020 actually concluded that elephants are, indeed,  awesome.  the studie was named "I was drunk and watched elephant videos on YouTube."  the question , this studie asked was "are elephants awesome?"  conclusion was :" yea... cause nose-hand on face and baby elephants playing football"  therefore the statement : " all elephants are awesome" is in fact: true.
Is V-sauce somehow Cody from Some News’s more sane brother?
Video on How high a tsunami can get.? And What it will take to cause  such giga tsunami..? That would be intresting to see in vsauce style.
nice! mercier and sperber's The Enigma of Reason is a great book that deserves more attention
I thought I was the new age Jesus preaching this shit nice to hear someone with an influence bring this thing up that’s been driving me crazy. REMOVE THE DAMS, MAKE SOLOR PANELS, STOP WASTING GAS AND PLASTIC
the best file. ever :)
Hey vsuace Michael here how fast can you run
clickbait title. what a waste of time until it broke  into climate change gibberish. thumb down.
Bill is getting divorced.
All hail the lottocracy.  I have searched all my life for a way that humans might govern humans... I think this is it!
I should have watched this high
After Virtue
I have a question: if one attempt to elevate our reasoning is open debate and maybe even choosing people at random to make our decisions, where does that leave experts that studied specific subjects and objectively know much more about some things than we do? Should their opinion be treated as every other's is or should they have a privilege when talking about certain subjects?
Moon Men starts at 5:47
I literally watched the firs 1min and 40 seconds and I was like F Yeahhh another great video bing as I eat.
That Table Is Too High For You Michael?
This is absolutely one of the best videos they've produced.
This was amazing!!!!!  The quality of your videos is skyrocketing.  The time one and this have both been hugely impactful on synthesizing years of learning.  Thank you, keep 'em coming!
This brings tears of sweet, beautiful, and inspiring understanding.  I think about these things constantly.  It's a wonderful feeling to hear my thoughts expressed by others so succinctly.  We have to keep our space ship earth going and survivable. Let's keep the conversation open and our empathy exercised.
We need this subtitled in Portuguese, Bolsonaro's Brazilian voters would rejoice... or not
This wS a good one
You are my favourite YouTuber ever u make me question the world around me and help me learn about things I never knew I could learn about. Thank you so much for inspiring millions of people around the world just like me.
So you are ok with simply deleting comments that refer critically to vsauces partnership with Bill Gates Michael.. Really?  Is this what you are doing now?   I commented on the fact that Bill Gates global technocratic solutions to global environmental and health issues has and is causing a lot of damage on the local level all around the world. And now the comment is just gone. Really Michael?  Is this what you are doing?
How you gonna help Bill fight climate change by making a video bashing reason? You leftists have gone fucking nuts.
The last point is too ideal. Politicians would never want to give that power up because they get paid and those paying want more...
Great video! I have to rewatch it for a few times to understand it, but it is worth it. It also relates to the problem of the social media that I only receive information from one perspective. And the other perspective seems to be disappearing from the feed. It is like getting fed by a lone reasoner. But in reality I will inevitably face people with different opinions. The lesson I learn today is to respect all opinions and not only praises.
Damn, this struck me @ 25:06: "Look at what some people believe and generate reasons for why they're right, and they'll love it!". Exactly how populism works.
Michael, whether you are an elephant or not, you are awesome!
As always your themes are amazing.
The *madness of Crowds
Is the book based on saving the planet by depopulation at his hands like his money makes him a god, I don’t trust anyone that has billions whilst millions starve!
I always watch your videos twice, Michael! 😅  The first is like .. let's skim through that.. then I scan 🖤 I appreciate you.. I appreciate needing to use my MIND in order to watch your videos..
Finally back😋
I think it might be controll every civilization has corrupt leaders
Sample size for those lotteries would obvious need to big enough to be balanced.
We are a genuine hive mind Like the Borg, we will assimilate.
amazing!
Very very interesting. I've been kind of lost with the new digital age, and the way I feel we are no longer able to actually debate and civilly discuss the vast differences and backgrounds in our opinions. It's left me wondering how to determine what's true when I feel that everyone is just out to confirm their own biases. I don't blame people necessarily, but it's so hard to know what to do with so many voices and so much information available in this day and age, and people are VERY passionate about what they think they know.
The 7k people who disliked this surely had to have been bots or people clicking it by accident.
No, Facebook will delete ideas it does agree with or like, killing discussion.
I like you! But you got trapped, trapped in the CO2 lie. It is the sun wich regulates earths climate, nothing else. The sun is regulated by even bigger things (intergalactic current sheet), they are cycles, longer and shorter ones, more or less affecting what we do. The modern basic thought that humans would be in the center of all happenings wich is wrong. It got dogmatically hammered into our heads in schools, kindergardens, churches, science. "We are the Crown of Creation" What?! If you compare the size of our planet, the size of our star (sun) to other planetary systems you'll find out rather quickly that we are really small. By "we" I mean our whole solarsystem. If you want to find out why Einstein, Greene and a bunch of others are wrong and what is mind-blowingly simple to understand and visibly obvious, you have to explore the Electric Universe, thunderbolt project. It will test your open mindedness and quite likely you will see the world with very different eyes afterwards. Be brave and let your mind blow up!
I am highly disappointed to hear that you believe in man made climate change. I thought you were smarter than that.
I guess Bill Gates will choose which "experts" will "educate" the "randomly" selected.
How does he come up with this stuff?!
I hope your hope in humanity that we can achieve something like lottocracy proves to be true...thanks again Michael
is there a green bar at the top for anybody else? it's bugging me
Video Sponsored by Bill Gates!!!!!!!!!
The way I visualize how evolution, and by extension, reasoning develops, is like if instead of software companies release newer better (not always, but just roll with it) editions of a software, but instead released patch after patch after patch for the first,  that adds to it, adjusts it, or eliminate certain features that are counterproductive. That's us today. We are still a work in progress.
nuclear power can turn deserts and wasteland into forests farms and gardens (carbon sinks). coal miners saved the trees. oil drillers saved the whales. Nukes will save the climate.
Am I wrong to want to laugh at the conclusion?
Woo! I’m loving the awareness about the big problem with the internet.
Partnership with Bill Gates Preachy climate agenda instead of fascinating science and philosophy. Yep, this checks out.
This vsauce is so nutritious it demands multiple viewings at 0.75x
It's a shame Michael isn't making an example of why capitalism is good for our society since it comes from the teamwork and creativity required for such a system to thrive and why socialism has the unintended consequence of disparaging people through class and wealth.
Wow, an actual scientist who has researched these things. I am lucky to learn from such an expert..
Please never change
Though I turn on the bell, I somehow stopped recieving notification 😭😭 wtf YouTube algorithm
Let your heart be your guiding key... P.S. Luv ya vsauce, lol thanks 4 the brain blast, i completely agree... We need to take a step back, i think we are spiraling into an unwanted future, why make all these dumb robots and stuff? We dont need it, sometimes progress isnt progress...However, i think the people running things are a little bent in the head, they have bad reasons why they do the things they do... Im goona add this 2... Was it plato who said there r 2 worlds, 1 of shapes and 1 of forms? Well whoever said it lol ( it was sacraties or arostotle or 1 of those old guys) it gets me thinking about that scene from the matrix reloaded... Where Neo talks to the mayor of zion guy lol, uk what im talkin about, the guy who cant sleep so he goes to the engine room to hang out... He says "all the machines, i have no idea how they work, but i understand the reason 4 why they do"... Idk lol... Sometimes i wonder if chris-Chan will end up being right about all his delusional merge nonsense... Lol, have u ever seen that 1 episode off gintama, i think it was around episode 200 n something... Where they pretended to end the show, when gintoki was goona fight takasugi but then they were like "naw jk lol" ROFL i honestly would laugh
Welcome to Enlightenment Pt.2
He talks like how college professors want our papers to be and it is amazing. Thank you for the richness of this video!
Vsauce for president!
i love you Michael !
You should do a follow up on how the LSAT tests standardized reasoning in people
Thank you for making this video I still have hope
I don’t feel an existential crisis this time.   In fact, this talk is oddly comforting.
"Hey Vsauce, Michael here" ... claaaassic 👌
Everything was cool until you mentioned Bill Gates. Surely his ever-expanding agricultural reign isn't for taking care of our environment..
Reasoning is what brought us here, you just admitted reasoning with Chinese characteristics, is the way ahead.
This is what i think every time when i am high.
nice he's back
Michael, you just cracked my skull open and poured a whole bag of thought fertilizer in. I'm off to do some thinking. Thanks.
this video was actually really interesting and is one of the most captivating vsause videos i have ever watched. one of the best half hours of my life.
<3
Michael, I think your reasoning is biased.
Amazing video, I especially liked the functional call to action at the end, might just sit down with friends and then debate a bit
This explains why I'm not very good socially. I don't have confirmation bias.
This is probably the most relevant and best Vsauce video to date.
Michael doesn’t need to be an elephant to be awesome
I miss the old day when I can understand Vsause’s videos.
He sometimes sounds like Magic Man from Adventure time.
waaaay out, in the water, see it swimming.
lovely video, I've been wondering about this issue for awhile now
Sauce man did a fuck ton of Shrooms & Ayahuasca during quarantine, now he’s full woke. I’m here for it.
My mind is the universe, aka all i can experience and know about
I liked the trick with the watch, whereby Michael did put it on and off a couple of times, however, I beg to differ on the topic of lottocracy... May I suggest that ultimately, IRL, the best form of government might have always been the good old meritocracy.
14:14 michael accurately projects the exact way I figure out someone is upset
the thumbnail makes me feel an emotion that doesn’t exist
What if you knew
Great summary of Bill Gates new book.
This is one of the best channels in YouTube history
<3 I hope everyone watching has a lovely day
not me watching this at 1:30AM
14:41 yes I do because autism!
ooooouu!! Some theists i know should watch this
As David Hume would say, we do not use reason to reach conclusions. We use emotion to guide us to our conclusions, and we bend reason to back ourselves up in hindsight.
< 29:45 - "Thank's for watching" - My pleasure, dude!
< 27:11 Not a big fan of randomness. Rather a fan of hoping to one day view the outside world as a garden of integrity.
i want his iq
Dude. You make a lot of great points there. I wanna do the boring job of being accurately right. Where should I study at?
post the political experiment you coward
Lottocracy -- the government of the random.  Right, like the technocrats will really let that happen.  If people like Gates are behind these ideas, they will certainly be the creators of the black boxes that purport to chose randomly but really chose the malleable or conforming.  It will be the rule of the oligarchs under the guise of the rule of the common man, and much more hidden than the abuses of today's purported democracy. Also, the whole video has one presupposition tying it all together -- that humanity is just an evolved animal.  Interesting in a video asking us to re-think everything, that is a bedrock idea unchallenged. Thought-provoking as always, Michael.
V sauce for the world president. What you guys say?
Imagine getting sponsored by Bill Gates
Don't know what comments do but I'm putting this here to help u sum more. Ill share it for u 2 daddy😂
Does he just ramble on or does he go backwards when writing scripts.
There is a great concept currently at play which would have a greater and greater impact in the upcoming future - DAOs (decentralized autonomous organization ). This video screams "DAO" in many ways.
This was very humbling in a sense. We like to think of ourselves as rational paragons but fail to see our own pitfalls and lack the understanding of how others came to their conclusions.
Oh no not Bill Gates, he's got a terrible taste in mates
@9:55 "if only people would just use logic and reason" - me: hmm, sorry i only use Live ;)
"created in partnership with bill gates" .... aight, I'ma head out.
This video was honestly amazing, even above Vsauce standards. It really opened my mind up to think about things that I'd never thought of before (not the overarching theme of climate change, mind you, but other topics discussed throughout the video.) This was an awesome video to watch. One of the best videos in this sort of region on YouTube, the science side of things. I always love the videos that not only explain a phenomenon to you, but give you something to think about after it's over.
I literally got goosebumps. Very good content.
Michael - NO I am NOT an Elephant 11:40 *2 min later* Or aM I?
Incroyablement pertinent, intelligent: un must pour quiconque aime raisonner
Humans are very fallible.
BREAKING NEWS! (at least for me)  In any language other than english terms "global warming" and "climate change" are refering to 2 completely different occurrences  In english language those two are synonyms and should be interpreted as "global warming"
Political much?
TL;DW: People are stupid. The internet is only making them stupider.
Ah yes this reminds me to go on discord
Yah, you lost me at "BILL GATES" .... pshhhhhh
This is a very good and important video. Thank you!
I hold your ideas in high regard just not this one it is absolute abysmal
Lottocracy may be the coolest idea I've heard all year... However, I see two big potential flaws with it:  1. Foreign policy: would other countries' leaders really want to deal with some group of random citizens, especially when there might be a whole new group of citizens the next time they meet? This might be fine when EVERY country has groups of citizens meeting, effectively becoming a single group of WORLD citizens reaching a decision...but we're a long way from that.  2. National security: People may disagree, but I think there are some bits of knowledge that the entire populace DOES NOT NEED TO KNOW. When a bunch of random citizens know the identities of our foreign spies, the marching orders for the current war, the location of Area 51, etc., then it becomes really easy for terrorists and enemies to get that information too. All they have to do is find an "ex-lottocrat" to extort/threaten/blackmail for the info they want. The average citizen's house is not as well-protected as the White House!
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates " was Jeffrey Epstein in on it to? i hear him and Bill were great friends....
This reminds me very much of Blindsight by peter watts: Would our reasoning be more efficient without consciousness? How much more could our brain achieve if it didn´t have to emulate reality back at us whilst simulating us?
My internal soundtrack now whenever a New Idea appears: 5:48
Is it possible to go 0 Mph in space? And how do you messure speed in space
ok but the "where is your mind?" remind me of the iconic "where are your fingers?"
Is Western philosophy finally catching up with the rest of the world?
Basically your opinion doesn't matter
Feel free to predict climate catastrophe and add your name to the list of failed predictions over the last century. https://realclimatescience.com/fifty-years-of-failed-apocalyptic-forecasts/  1950: climate will have some disastrous effect in ten years 1960: climate will have some disastrous effect in ten years 1970: climate will have some disastrous effect in ten years 1980: climate will have some disastrous effect in ten years 1990: climate will have some disastrous effect in ten years 2000: climate will have some disastrous effect in ten years 2010: climate will have some disastrous effect in ten years 2020: climate will have some disastrous effect in ten years  Some people are old enough to remember this pattern.
Does anyone know the music used on vsauce? Is Audionetwork an artist?
this is the best video
21:43 would showing this video to congress be catastrophic to our planetary destruction, or would it show them a reason to keep things nice
Finally, some quality content on this trash app
I am so happy that Vsauce is back, the OG YouTuber!
This is what an agent looks like.
"They" start training Our "Tofu" early!  Why are StuDents taught to sing Our ABCs, and not ABZs? (Hmmmm?... InTentionAll' or NoT?) 🌻🌺🗣💨WakeUp🐏🐑🐏🐑💨🍃
it is so refreshing to watch a video that have a definitive beginning, middle and end with a solid solution at the end.  so many times, we watch an infotainment video that only comments on a topic with no real conclusion.  And this video is not one of those. Amazing Michael, Amazing.
Thinking yourself stupid. Congratulations.
Looks like I'm a lottocrat now
Did vsauce really just team up with Bill Gates to tell us to submit to group think?
So much off this content is just based on hard  psychology.
I missed these.
why does Michael want burgers from amy's baking company? did he not watch the episode?
The force that is vying the hardest to become a Great Filter is our mode of production, capitalism. Hey Bill.
you are using reasoning to debate about reasoning how meta is that.
It's because random would very quickly become "random".
The first video I've seen from Vsauce that seemed to have been made for a reason that he sees everyday on the news, social media, etc. and frustrates him. The age of disinformation.  It's also sad how many people are going to watch this and not walk away with the actual message he's trying very hard to kindly convey.
You should make a podcast 😁
This is one of the best pieces of media I have watched in 2021. The idea of a lottocracy has sprung to mind a few times, although I thought it was just a crazy idea and never knew it had a name. I often look at some politicians and think *"I could literally point to a random person in the street and they'd probably be a better leader."*
When you predict what Michael is going to say and say it with him
"we aren't poisonous" Bold of you to assume what I am or am not.
Powerful stuff as always 💯
I'm living solely for these six-monthly vsauce uploads
Ah yes, A paid partnership video from Bill Gates, telling me not to think. Very interesting...
Lottocracy. Cuz it's time the sheep-minded crowd literally governs, or, at least, believes that it does.
Soooo Michael got his microchip vaccine already))
Someone show this to @Ben Shapiro and the “facts don’t care about your feelings lol dudebros
Dam it’s only been 9 minutes
Awesome as an elephant
Symphony to my ears 5:46. Thank me later....
This episode really hit on the need for a more collectivist and social society where symbiotic cooperation is valued over antagonistic & individualistic competition . The planet has managed to sustain itself not through competition, bu through cooperation (symbiosis). If all life and the ecosystem were coldly dominated by individualistic competition, life would have destroyed itself or at a minimum created a monoculture. Competition inevitably picks against diversity-the thing necessary to recycle nutrients and energy to sustain this rock we all live on. Symbiotic collectivist cooperation is vital if we want to continue the planet’s ability to sustain life, which is the reason we were able to evolve in the first place. We humans began out as a collectivist species, but as technology grew beyond our evolutionary capabilities and ‘groups’ of people went from a couple dozen in a town to tens of millions within a city (overwhelming our basic evolutionary adaptations to live within small communities), our physiological and sociological comprehension regressed towards individualistic thinking. During this time, we have pushed our planet to the very extremes. We have committed all kinds of atrocious acts against one another even if the difference is the amount of melanin in our skin or what continental plate you happened to be born on. Within a couple centuries of hyper-individualism we have already approached the tipping point of the survivability of our species and the planet’s ecological function. Social media and new technologies have removed our practical functionality that we were evolved to have. The changes of the last few millennia is not enough time for Homo sapiens to have any substantial evolutionary adaptations for civilization and especially for societal disconnections due to increased population sizes (overcrowding our function within groups as societal creatures and lending us to think of a group of 12 people as real people and a group of 150 million as just a statistic) and things like social media which makes things less real and close and more manufactured and distant. The main points o take away is that capitalism is unsustainable, unethical, exploitative,  and contributes to hyper-individualism which has only made things worse. We are objectively not doing well right now globally through many metrics, it is getting worse at a more rapid pace. Something needs to change, and that includes the rejection of selfish, individualistic, apathetic, and myopic ideals and the adoption of an empathetic, collectivistic, and symbiotic cooperative ideal that is necessary if we want to survive as a species.   Life should not be about greedy personal profit at the careless expense of others. You cannot claim the way things are now are sustainable or beneficial for the collective good. They are not. They need to change, and we need to think outside the box we were indoctrinated into thinking is absolute. We are social creatures meant to cooperate, yet with the technological advancement humanity has seen, those talents are either stripped or warped/corrupted  in an attempt to fit in with something natural evolution had no preparation for.   Capitalism kills. Individualism kills, apathy kills, imagined self-importance kills, empathy is crucial, collectivism is vital, and a great humbling needs to occur for Homo sapiens in general. We are not somehow an inherently superior species or somehow a special species with special consciousness with a special place to go after we die. We are not special, and humanity is not immune from its own destruction.
this is some good political opinion
i paused the video at the 7-minute mark cause I didn't understand anything
We get confirmation bias when we have issues surrounding meeting our need for significance. Ie we end up looking at what confirms our bias because what we’re actually looking for is our own significance. If we are secure in our own significance, it makes space for us to be wrong without being insignificant in fact, the opposite —-> we find a sense of significance in accepting we were wrong
We use reasons...always the reason is to meet an emotional need. Always. We are hardly ever honest about that though. For example, the person giving to the homeless person is either doing so to meet their need for significance or contribution. But, admitting this makes it so they can’t meet their need for significance. They’ll need it to remain such that they are better than the homeless and are just helping them out cuz they are good; not that an equal exchange is happening. If an equal exchange was happening it wouldn’t make them significant. The homeless is meeting their need for security.
Reasoning has an emotional aspect that isn’t addressed here. There is no logic without emotional context. It isn’t logical to choose this over that. Without a reason (emotional content) why is this better than that? Why survive at all?
I learned in modes of reasoning and techniques of persuasion (uni course) that you should come to a conclusion after you looked at all the reasons. Often times now its the reverse people have a conclusion and they want to find reasons to prove. This definitely makes me want to look at the other side without the bias of I'm right and you are wrong. I do think I have the mindset of its silly to think in terms of politics one side is 100% wrong in everything and the other is 100% right. I just look at things like this through a different lens than most. I encourage people to instead trying to prove that you are right, try to prove you are wrong or try to find genuine reasons why you could be wrong if you can't find any reasons or you can't be proven wrong then great.
reminder that bill gates was friend with epstein and that is the reason melinda asked for divorce.
Reason cannot exist before logic. A logic creates Reasoning, not the other way around. Once you have enough reasons, It generates new logic of those reasons. To have reason one doesn't need to think, but then to understand this you need higher iq which most people doesn't have to comprehend the workings of energy dynamics. Because in all terms it's about energy efficiency to sustain a cycle. Life is a cycle. So as every thing else.
No words. Phenomenal 👍🏼
My mind is clearly up my ass, trying to keep up with the herd, baahhh baaaaah!
So glad vsauce stopped messing around with these youtube tv shows and got back to making masterpieces
hehe michael good one, almost convinced me that i may be wrong from time to time
well, rip vsauce
Michael is such an insanely influential figure for so many. 👌🏼👌🏼👌🏼😎😎😎☀️☀️
I feel like I understood all of this video and it's so weird
Me:  I've got a COUPON!!   Not me:  BET!!
Lies all of this. A foolish belief of tbe tree of knowledge. Starting with the evolution god is man lie. To reason being god by the ttee of knowledge believers in France 1793. Love your neighbor as you would yourself. Use your mind to help others. Not lie to control what you believe are " beneath you".
Begins with "Where is our mind" ah sheeit it's gonna be a good one innit
Guess I'm an alien then 😅
not a bad idea, should do a test run at the higher education system to see how well it works first though. the current system is very flawed but it works when the right people are in charge
sussy baka
Litarely 1948
im sad he partnered with b*ll gates but oh well maybe he's using him. or something
Meanwhile in America: does the opposite and abandons all reason I'm other to elect unqualified celebrity personalities
"the mood recognizing parts of your brain operate in a way that is OPACUE to your awareness" mind = blown. this is the best analogy to brain function i have ever heard.
Tldw: Ape together smarter
This video explains social media so well, and so much about political discourse in 2020 and 2021.
did this man really just solve America like that in 30 minutes
Maybe do a video on if the brain and mind can ever be separated?
President by lottery?
I missed Vsauce videos so much!
That was so good, for so many reasons.
So Big Pharma´s poster child sponsored this video? ...Let me put my suspicion glasses
Shit man, that was a masterpiece.
The impossible kid, here. Hmm. Thanks for saying something.
Lettuce
The number of people spelling the name Michael wrong in the comments is honestly alarming
Think it's really nice how the "solves problems" part featured a power bank. Indeed, but if every tool that makes life more convenient is a part of our mind then the entirety of human made structures on earth are.
1:57  I was expecting the other song to play
It feels like everytime I learn about something, Michael expands upon it that same week. I just found out what the 'Great Filter' was last week; and now, Michael has uploaded a video with the 'Great Filter' in.
The return of the king
I HAVE THE SAME CHAIR FFFFFFFF IOMG!!!       I am one with Michael :')
When you mentioned Bill Gates 🤮
this video has been mind fucking me for the last 3 days straight!!! 🥴😫
Please make these more often ❤️
Can we measure it with an awesomemometer?  That will be my question everytime time someone says they're awesome
Michael: i am not and elephant me: but can you *prove* it?
Micheal talks about having no major corporation influencing the decisions of people in power.  Also Micheal, this was brought to you in partnership with Bill Gates....
How did you get a copy of my manifesto?
You are standing inside of your mind ✨
Thanks for this video... One of them best from YouTube
It's nice to see, that advanced minds like you are concerned about same problems that I am about, and in a similar way.
14:16 Actually, as an autistic person, this is exactly how I deduce people's emotions. I have to consciously read facial expressions and try to remember which ones mean which. And I often get it wrong!
this video is very peculiar 🤔
HEY, VSAUCE, MINDMAGIC HERE
We need to stop voting hacks into high positions of power.
Carbon emissions are not a filter it doesn’t adhere to what would be needed of such an event.
Can’t stop thinking about other philosophers and how they interacted in daily life. Unless someone captured a glimpse of their candid selves, their personality is forever lost to us.
I came here after watching a video of Putin tearing Megyn Kelly a new one on the subject of Russian interference of US elections got me asking myself, "why, specifically, do I discredit everything Putin says, while I'm far more likely to believe most things the West says about Russia?" Reasons to distrust Putin are obvious but specific reasons to trust Western governments? Much less obvious.   Enter this video explaining this bias.
You know Michael, 2024 is just around the corner 👀
This kind of content saves what's left of my faith, in this doomed planet
((69.295666÷55)+(69.2956655÷55))÷2=Cube Root 2
I hate Bill Gates
hey there! what are your thoughts on manifestation? how does it work? is it real? if not what is the psychology behind it? hopin to see ur reply  soon : )
13:13 - 13:57 explains this past year
Crowd wisdom? Look how easily fooled and deceived people are, look at how people refuse to use logic and think for themselves, the past year alone has proved that ‘crowd wisdom’ doesn’t work in the real world.
Great. Simply wowed me. But to reach the real anti intellectualists in our society, Michael needs to dumb it down a lot. But will YouTube recommend these videos to climate change deniers and flat earthers ?
Michael Stevens can get off topic so fluidly
Better Reasoning = More Freedom
Spot on...
As soon as you said you partnered with Bill Gates.  Thumbs down.  Unsubscribed.   Long time fan of yours.  Not anymore.
Michael- it's like you are in my head- I literally lay in bed at night pondering these exact things... I have always anecdotally made commentary that a person ( singular) is intelligent but that as a whole, people, groups of people, together are collectively stupid- a herd mentality, and the loss of inhibitions when the masses are involved - riots, insurrection, club culture, world wars- it appears to be intelligent people making bad decisions together, but this concept of reason, and post rationalizations, has further polarized my thinking on this. Yes many bad things happen when groups of people act based on questionable motivations and vaguely relevant reasons,  who later defend their reasoning or justify the outcome- however as I shift my perspective - I realize that many great things have happened through a collective of great and powerful actions of many cooperating together for the greater good!  I believe that the the true anecdote to justification, blaming and shaming is responsibility. We don't' have a lack of reasoning on our planet, our nations or our communities- I think - perhaps more importantly- we lack a sense of responsibility for the outcome we are creating. Maybe, instead of waiting for our Lord and Savior Elon Musk  :) we could all take a little more responsibility :)  Replace politicians with juries of random and reasonable people- and define our leaders as those who are able to bring together the masses to guide their actions to a greater good- decided of course by our lottery of juries. SO yes Michael - we will follow to a new planet to start our own utopian civilization.  ( Also Welcome back - hope to see more of you sooner rather than later)
"Paul is looking at Mary. Mary is looking at Peter. Paul is married. Peter is unmarried.  Is a married person looking at an unmarried person?"  Not enough information to decide, of course? Let me explain.    Paul is looking at Mary (Paul being married) he may OR may not be looking at a married person since we do not know the marriage status of Mary.   Mary (who's status is unknown) is looking at Peter (an unmarried person).  If it was a maths equation, both situations would go as follows.  MARRIED is looking at UNDEFINED UNDEFINED is looking at MARRIED.  Am I missing something here?
Maaaaaannn. Ur stupid.
Lolz, nothing but a half hour of pseudoscience word salad with no relation to reality...🙄🙄
This was a shower thought of mine a couple months ago, and now I feel validated.
The return of the king 👑
Please how good is this Channel ? You threw a bunch of philosophy conundrum and came to a great conclusion without a single cut. You truly master how to "reasoning", and I think I will "intuitively" consent with you without any  clear or self-prepared explanation. I wish to have such critical thinking skills in order to reason myself, to really BE social and make a healthy debate at any niche of your flawless discourse. Thank you, Michael.
Why are we?
Magistral! Con estos conceptos/ideas me armo una tarde de videos y cerveza. Gracias dios que es domingo ;  memoria Hacer juicios Resolver problemas Planear REASON Comunicación Tecnosapiens consecuencias involuntarias Hiperobjeto Gran filtro Inercia del comportamiento  Atendiendo a los hechos no es como el razonamiento funciona. Comprobado científicamente. Intuición Creencias Sesgos profundos Los otros La razón en teoría social Sesgo de confirmación El colectivo (razonamiento es una actividad colectiva) Puede que el futuro de la razón sea su pasado Lottocracy
referendum everything
Ah, sounds religious...    At least ideological or philosophical. The opening at least.
2:49 Ted Kaczynski time 😎
Another once great channel that's sold-out to propaganda 🙄
Awenomometer says 10 lol 😎
Boooo! bill gates Is evil bruh
Am I broken? I analyse someone’s mannerisms to figure out their mood in exactly the way Michael says we don’t, the way he says things come naturally to us without thinking…
I have a feeling that lottocracy gonna make everything slower. Democracy is slow as it is.
Love it - thanks Michael! To do good reasoning you need good evidence. To be moral you also need compassion. Hence Sentientism: "Evidence, reason and compassion for all sentient beings".
Crazy how much this opens up your mind if you actually listen to it
Way out in the water I see swimming
Age of reason died. sorry to pop your bubble
Incredible.  Thank you for making this during the covid pandemic when there is such divisiveness
I fall a  sleep while watching
Video is globalist propaganda sponsored by Bill.
Techno sapien, more like "Homo Deus" (: I still need to read it but I know the gist
For a long time I’ve believed that a big problem with our current way of governing ourselves is how inaccessible, elite, and expensive it currently is. Important decisions (affecting entire nations) are made by people who are disgustingly insulated from the rest of society’s troubles.   Another big issue is just how well money, power, and politics equate with one another. Politics should not be fuelled by greed for money or power. Of course it’s another story if this (ever) changes.   I wanted to say this in relation to the end of the video, which really clicked with me.
That's ωhγ my minδ is calleδ my 'Minε.'
The dislike are from PragerU and their fanbabys.
Like almost all platforms, Youtube does exactly that. The comment section gives the users the freedom to deliberate on their opinions concerning an option or an issue. Users then achieve an average opinion by combining different extreme opinions. Maybe technology is not that bad after all, things are done as before just with different mediums, with people like Vsauce, new age philosophers, mediating and introducing ideas.
Love how the warmup to the vid is almost 6 min
I don't know, lottocracy would mean some anti vaxxer could end up making a decision
No, thank you Vsauce! Thank you for sharing. Very inspirational and mind opening.
Earth is a realm, not a planet We are under the dome
I feel like he took a lot of drugs and is enlightened
What is this a 30min pop-science-culture video? yuck
We all know not to trust billionaires, but I trust that Michael was able to work around Gates's influence, valuing purity of fact over money...    However, Michael did still plug a Gates book, furthering Gates's wealth indirectly, some of which will inevitably go into well-poisoning other foundational framework-building media pieces. It's hard for a billionaire to lose.
14:16 - Some people do. Sociopaths.
Wow, that was deep. Thanks for that dive!
Sorry, this is a 30 minute babbling of faux logic. Waste of time by vague generalization and pointless wandering topics. Disappointed.
People who get this in their recommended in 6 years, have a nice day if we still exist that is.
One can only wish that they put Chinese subtitles on this vid so they can stop messing with our environment xd
Notice how power/wealth is missing from the analysis.
WHY AM I ONLY SEEING THIS NOW
Is it just me or did you see the title too and be like this better actually be Michael
subjectivity is a spectrum absed on objective definitions.,. this is basic plato... you can get an awesomeometer!!! you are defining something as awesome not saying it is awesome to you...  you literally had a video on "what is creepy"
‘Going down’ music gave so much nostalgia
Halfway through the video, my mind stops making sense of what Michael is saying 😂
the nature of the brain is about connections. we use the brain, other people use the brain. and people use people; people connect to people.
What are you talking about? People in this crazy timeline has lost all reasoning faculties and common sense!
Michael’s sold his soul to Satan and that’s a fact
Logic is transcendental. Reason is not!  Science is a universal achievement of humanity. On the other hand, values are depending on every individual.  Science is based on reason. Values are not! Τherefore, one must not mix values (or opinions) with reason - which is the today's society problem in question.
Confirmation bias leads to cognitive dissonance leads to mass psychosis which gets caught by the great filter. Since we can't evolve intellectually in time before the imminent filter, we will have to rely on a super computer to calculate navigation around it till such time. Otherwise its, curtains.
Well had me kind of interested until Bill Gates was mentioned.
I love how he uses the black cutoffs with the words as a cut in between his takes
"the future of ideology and "the future of reasoning, releasing on youtube the same day...    Interesting
I missed the 'or is it?'
I find you eligible to make a video on topic why people don't follow the path they know is best for them.what causes them to deviate   From best suited way.when can we become interstellar civilization if everyone on earth give their best, means  that if someone has hacked their brain to make them act in a particular way
19:17 I never knew "behoove" was a bad word.
I wish vsauce has an interview with Sadhguru. I can guarantee you that 99 percent of your doubts about this universe will get cleared by Sadhguru.... You might even become his desciple....he is so wise if your are watching please checkout Sadhguru on youtube
The future of reasoning of no where in this place as long as they are frying us all with microwave and 5ghz because that shit is being used on us and it's definitely killing us with radiation alone not to mention it makes people fly off the handle and get violent for less than nothing and that was one of the sure effects from being fried with radiation treatment to the frontal lobe ! Please look into 5ghz
People are so easily controlled by mass media that has few owners that a lottocracy much like "democracy" would just be an oligarchy. Lottocracy is beautiful in theory in a world without the hyper socialization and propaganda that we have now, but its just not that simple. Also people are so tribal that everyone would not be voting based on the acquisition of new information but just on racial lines a they always do.
Amazing video, and as always, thanks for making it.
Direct democracy my peeps
As long as the people in charge of the lottery don't also have a monopoly on violence, I'm down.
With a lottery system there will always be a time when chance messes up humanity by 100 imbeciles get chosen and have to make the a major decision about education etc. People don’t always take or understand expertise.
1:50 who else waited for the “or is it?” 😂
How can you prevent them from being packed or gerrymandered? I feel like the system would still eventually become corrupted somehow.
In summary - reasoning, logic, the preferred forms of each, the structure of arguments, have only been around for less than 1% of the entire time we existed as homo sapiens. The first sign of earliest cooking, use of fire and tools are "reasoned" dating back more than 500,000 years ago. While it has proven technological, scientific, medicinal, societal advantages, it could have a huge drawback, not just the results of our reasoning but also our "reason" fundamentally. The flaw in our reasoning which effects hasn't been fully realized, could be a problem stemming from evolution itself - it doesn't get rid of mistakes that aren't fatal. And also flawed perhaps due to selection shadow, the flaw of our reason and logic will continue to survive without being culled by evolution as its effects are only made known in the future generations . At such rates of change in environment, standard of living, way of life, our biological evolution can never aid us the way it did, and whatever is left from past evolution might bring more harm than benefits. We perhaps, in order to survive as a civilization, would have to evolve cognitively …. or abandon it ....
Where is my mindddddd
Ya I get it. You would be this way if no one told you what was going on. This world would be less complex if there was an explanation. It is called respect for life.
I'm digging Michaels DMT-Sauce lately
HE'S BVACK OHMGOD IM SO EXCITED
You want a real mind blow? This guy made clickbait gaming news videos. On this channel. Yes, they’re still up.
This reasoning brain of mine is incredible, it must be the product of a non-reasoning, non purposeful force I shall call evolution....
The mind is our word for the aspects of our cognition and emotions that are emergent from the interaction of neurons... in our brains.
Xrp to the moon
0:05 Don't have one
Wait, you said we only see in 2D but our minds make it 3D?  That makes no sense. Your video is in 2D and it stays in 2D no matter how hard i think its 3D
Intellectuals are going to let the Power Grid Fry. I get it, if it’s not hard enough to get everyone fed and hydrated with clean water without power then how about Human Bio-Waste? Intellectuals would make a pessimistic point involving betrayal of trust to imply humans are generally oblivious. Does this mean you don’t have a nominee for SWAG? (SpaceWeatherAdvisoryGroup)
Although I haven’t read Bill Gates’ book I am reluctant to accept his ideas because of the things I’ve heard he’s done and the attitude some elites have towards the masses.
Is Michael’s uploading schedule a psychological trick to get the most views or does he just randomly upload every few months? We may never know
you are rambling bro
This is why I love Vsause.
I've had enough envirobitching.
I've been a loner, a lone resoner, everything stated in this video is subject to the receiver believing it and overall societal group believes not to mention paranoias. This is not as a simple as it sounds but the duality of existence dictates that a good reason is only as such because there is a bad reason. Both need eachother to be valid.
does anyone know where I can find the picture from the thumbnail? I'd love to use it as my background lol
fav vid as of yet
You pronounced “Eratosthenes” differently than I’ve heard before. Carl Sagan’s way in Cosmos seemed much more pleasant to the ears...but which is correct?
Then why is the average global temperature decreasing and antartica increasing in mass.
Michael - I love your explanations and insights, but I can't watch more than half of a segment with that annoying and distracting background music.  Please ditch it.
That's assuming your using rational people to begin with. :( (This is a joke)
I watch at 2x but still need a tldr. Well here's what I got: 1. He refers the external peices of  knowledge and the hive mind of community as our mind 2. Reason for hyperobjects (things that effect people way far away and in different situations and places) needs to be done collectively with bunch of people having different contextual knowledge. 3. Politicians are not being leaders who reason on a topic with all of the different perspectives, they work hard to come up with fake logic so that they can defend few peoples point of view. 4. Lottocracy ... ( I don't think that would work, why would a random person like to put immense effort in understanding different perspectives and finding the optimal solution). I think building policies are most fuzziest way of solving problems and best solutions are from engineering side, but till the engineers/scientist find solution let's just muse ourselves with trying to build political solutions. LOL 😁😁
Mind over matter
the suggestion at the end would be best implemented with communism
Stunning in every aspect.
Just realized his video has the option of 4k.....
This video is so clearly the output of your long years of working in spreading  knowledge everywhere. It is brilliant. Also motivating AF. Your curious mind and your hard work have led me (and many others) into countless hours and days of analytic and creative thought.  Good work brother. Hope to meet and talk some day.
"They'll look back at our time and say hey, let's bring them all back to life". If this does turn out to happen, then it has therefore already happened, and the god's we are worshiping today are actually our children
It's sad to see that Vsause pulled a Bill Nye
24:33 Those in charge? Scientists and Billionaires? Usurpers to democracy, to democratically elected Government, with dire consequences - making extant sustainability problems exponentially worse by blind reason. There are many types of science - have you ever encountered ecology? It's the life force of the planet and it's in charge above all else, and it's also a science. Why ignore it?
I had, on the occasion of an election day some years ago, what I thought was an original and brilliant idea. I believe that service in the Congress of the United States should be compulsory and randomly chosen, rather like jury duty. I imagined some regular, run of the mill working guy opening his mail and saying "OH CRAP! I GOT CONGRESS!"  I see now it is not an original idea, but I feel validated that it might still be brilliant.
Hmm yes, quite.
Bill Gates' book is a monologue of confirmation bias
If reasoning exists, how can someone write a book like that? It's written as a template for how to destroy the planet. It is so devoid of reason that it's like a guy with a hammer hitting everything with his hammer thinking it's a nail. The most dangerous people are stupid people who think they are clever. And the most dangerous person on the planet is a stupid person who thinks he's clever, with an inexhaustible bank account.
What’s crazy is that this has been the topic of conversation for the past year or so with my friends who are willing to think deeply and debate with me. I spout this same logic.
ʷʰᵉʳᵉ ⁱˢ ʸᵒᵘʳ ᵐⁱⁿᵈ? Damn that's really hard to answer
Michael cmon really ? X/
I am from future
🌏”Consultation bestoweth greater awareness and transmuteth conjecture into certitude. It is a shining light which, in a dark world, leadeth the way and guideth. For everything there is and will continue to be a station of perfection and maturity. The maturity of the gift of understanding is made manifest through consultation.”  “So powerful is the light of unity that it can illuminate the whole earth.”  -Writings from the Baha’i Faith bahai.org
*The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.*
" So crucify the ego, before it's far too late And leave behind this place so negative and blind and cynical And you will come to find that we are all one mind Capable of all that's imagined and all conceivable So let the light touch you so that the words spill through And let the past break through, bringing out our hope and *reason* "      by Tool from Reflection
Well, I guess it's time to binge watch more Vsauce videos again!
stayed until you revealed Bill Gates
You're building your conclusion on the premise that groups give you better reasoning, but this isn't right. Groups don't give you better reasoning, groups give you more average reasoning. Average is not necessarily better. If you want something average, get a large group. If you want something better than average, you need above-average individuals. Yes, this is more risky, but at least your chance of beating "average" becomes non-zero.
Melinda was Bill’s hyper object.
I think democracy must be upgraded and expanded. People should be educated well to make important decisions together.
As soon as you said bill gates helped you make this video I quit watching
Nope. down voted.
I LOVE YOU :)
Solution (for 10:11) in javascript coz I was bored.  let people = {     paul: { lookingAt: 'mary', married: true, lookedAtBy: false },     mary: { lookingAt: 'peter', married: null, lookedAtBy: 'paul' },     peter: { lookingAt: null, married: false, lookedAtBy: 'mary' } }  let valid = []; [true, false].forEach( (married)=> {     people.mary.married = married;     console.log(`Mary is Married? ${(married)}`);     ['paul','peter'].forEach( (_c)=> {         if ((people[_c].lookingAt==='mary' || people[_c].lookedAtBy==='mary') && people.mary.married!==people[_c].married) {             let lookedText = people[_c].lookingAt === 'mary' ? 'looking at Mary' : 'being looked at by Mary';             let marriedTextP = people[_c].married === true ? 'married' : 'not married';             let marriedTextM = people.mary.married === true ? 'married' : 'not married';             valid.push(`${_c}, who is ${marriedTextP} is ${lookedText}, who is ${marriedTextM}\n(Mary's marital status is currently forced to ${people.mary.married})`);             console.log(`Solutions found so far: ${valid.length}`);         }     })     console.log('--------------------\n'); })  let msg = valid.length > 0 ? `Finished, and it turns out there is someone who is married and looking at an unmarried person` : `Finished, and NO, there was no unmarried person looking at someone who is married`; valid.forEach( (_v)=> { msg+=`\n\n${_v}`; }) alert(`${msg}\n\nTotal Solutions Found: ${valid.length}`);
Reddit could've been that place Michael, were it not for a few design flaws namely on the control side of things. I'm also not sure the popularity contest is helpful.   I'd love to find a place for earnest debate on a wide range of topics.
cool vid but it has some floors trust once given is hard to revoke and question. What is genetic and what is cultural in behavior. I seen a few other issues as well. People will give reasons to not be seen as silly. Were the people told that they would need to give reason for their choice before they chose? it is also easier for one to influence many with technology and without their knowledge. You can pay big data company's to make the world think they thought something was what they believe on mass.
If there is one video that every single person on YouTube needs to watch, it is probably this one.
@vsauce homophobic?
I don't even get why people dislike this
Hey Vsauce here more like "Hey Vsos here" in my local accent
The real question is which side were you really talking to?
michael: i'm not an elephant inner me: or he is? 🌝
This video is cool and all but if you want to get the same info just look up Norm Macdonald's Professor of logic joke
Just a quick heads-up:  The logic puzzle about Peter, Mary and Paul only works under the assumption that one cannot be "NOT married AND NOT unmarried" While from the real world, we know that to be the case, for the puzzle specifically we technically do not have sufficient information to conclude the same  thing is true. The puzzle therefore requires the following additional axioms:   "Any person is either married or unmarried. Peter, Paul and Mary are members of the set of persons."
algorithm
Some people in any social platform are getting shadow banned.
That what Allah created with us
ahuh ok
Didn't Bill Gates suggest dumping large amounts of fine metals in the atmosphere so we could stop sunlight from adding too much heat to the temperature??? Hmmmmm....
This whole video is actually Hypocritical! Michael states in his video that Reasoning should belong to a collective of minds and makes some interesting arguments to back that up However this whole video was done by One Individual Reasoning Viewpoint (I.e. Michael himself)  which goes against everything that he said in the video thereby resulting in a loop of logic.   Let me know what you think in the comments below! :D
Thats not a logic puzzle. Its an information redirect made to confuse your memory since the names are all common enough to get us second guessing ourselves since they start with the same letter. Mary doesn't matter. Mark out everything that isn't information. However since it's a test we focus on each word. Being a puzzle we think its trying to trick us, leading us to over think and you end up trucking yourself. Telling yourself that you can't be correct in thinking its sl simple. You force memory changes until you find reassurance of your choice
Please Americans, stop with this weird comparison like "as much concrete as the US in the 20th century".  Just tell me how much concrete, even if I can't imagine how much it is, it's still more useful.
Thanks for putting into words what all biologists bitch about at the water cooler. Great video.
Fair enough
18:33 - This is either a flawed analogy or intellectually dishonest. You're not "providing _reasons_ to win them over", nor are you altering the reasons that made you reach your original "conclusion" (decision) about going to ABC Burgers. You're actually providing solutions to your friend's problems (which he presents as objections). You couldn't possibly have thought about them in advance (nor should they have been relevant in your original decision-making process) because you didn't know what your friend's objections would be.  You're not altering (or even refining) your decision-making process. You still want to go to ABC Burgers for the same reasons (because you like their food, or it's close to where you live, or you want to flirt with the waiter etc.). Addressing your friends objections (at least the examples given) is a completely separate process.
In this episode of vsauce Michael explains to us why politics on the internet is dumb and we should stop taking it so seriosuly
Sortition and council democracy are based and anarchopilled
I thought you had good news, like we are all doomed.
I love the idea. I do fear that corruption of said system is still possible. Lottery systems can be cheated, the people picked can be intercepted, there is a lot of problems and securities to be addressed. But nothing is perfect. I'm for the idea, at the very least we should continue investigating and experimenting with it!
Basically humans are communists.  *Communism intesifies*
this video made me think a lot, my head is like spinning in circles with all this information
офигезно, дякую за роботу!
Honestly you’re at the top of my awesome-ometer.
Rational huh? Like Bill Gates denying India the opportunity to manufacture their own vaccines because they're "too dumb"?  No thank you, but thanks for letting us know what Masters you serve.
Day 1 of asking for Michael to make a video explaining different undertale AU's
I get to direct because im the strongest and smartest.
I agree and want all of this, but my first concern that comes to mind is, how will we protect the identity of the people chosen at random? Especially the first group...even if the debating and group reasoning isn’t made public, someone somewhere will find out who the people are in this group that provides recommendations & changes for the rest of a country/the world. If a demographic doesn’t like what one of those people changed, the demographic could possibly become angry and wish to cause harm to that person. How do we prevent that?
Holy jeebus what a great video! My mind is blown and my reasoning with it! Never wanted more to be a politician and also to live in a lottocracy, what a great concept! If only there were better ways to aggregate and spread good information and ideas to get more people on board!
"But we need to release zero." Aight. Guess I'll die, then.
crypto is next!
So true!
Word!!!
VSauce Michael is morphing into a philosopher
Always leave me in tears at the end. Thank you Vsauce family and team.
Awesome video
Bill Gates you say?  *looks up early life*
You still with us Micheal? Usually love your content but why are you wading into the political...
We will all be ancients
Can we just take a moment to appreciate the soundtrack of this video?
That funky start, very cool. Rest of the video? Also very cool
Hey Michael just saw your program - The future of reasoning. Yesterday on You Tube I was specifically searching for videos on white people saving black people but I could hardly find anything worthy. My point is that since you yourself are a white man so can you provide us with the reasoning for the same.. since you have presented us with the future of this particular subject - REASONING per se
I've been watching Vsauce for several years now. As I continue to grow and expand my mind, I'm grateful that such thought provoking content exists. Thank you for being a part of my curiosity, Michael.
_One reason our brain evolved this much is cuz our spine is most erect compared to other creatures cuz many energies go upwards so eventually it improves our functioning._
We have already chosen the kind of ancients we are.
“Quality of life is rising”. Not sure about that. I guess we need to define clearly what we consider to be “quality of life”. More technology? More concrete, more machines to run our lives, less connection with ourselves, our neighbors, our planet? Anyway, I got bored before I got to the reason part. Perhaps try get to the point a little quicker.
5:48 Ahhhh yessss
It's kinda crazy that we're the only known intelligent life in the universe, yet we treat each other so bad and disregard the safety of future humans by destroying our atmosphere, all because of selfish "reasons" lol.
Am I a vessel for mind or am I a mind for a body
this was an awesome vidoe!!! I loved it very much.
Canceled! Free speech is violence...
Citizens assemblies, yes please!
The video started out as interesting but then the absolute garbage of an idea to have a weird "random people democracy" came up and shitted all over the thing.
checkout 1:43:10 of interstellar movie, where they discuss about evolving to care about others beyond your know
There definitely is known alien life already.
This growth means the earth is dying
0:04 me if I talked to Cardi B, but then stop right after the insult
23:03  furthermore then zoom out .....
Yeah, but what if Mary is a cat? Imho, there is not enough information.
Michael is my favorite scp
Love you Michael
Best video I've seen in a long time
What would it be like if earth was bigger than our sun? At what point would earth become uninhabitable? 🤔
dude you are cool but bill gates come on man.
I absolutely love your democratic lottery idea. It would solve many problems without creating additional ones. It might actually be the only way to save democracy as we know it.
4:00 "how do you achive collaboration....",  well, if the worldviews of the people differ greatly, I reckon then, collaboration will not be possible
Finally you are here
Who said scientists and billionaires were in charge?
I don't believe in crowd wisdom, I think it's flawed, and that crowds will always be wrong. This is my intuition and bias. I think only *time* gives wisdom. I find that the more people think a certain way, the less likely it is to be accurate. What appears to be true for me, is principles and ideas that have evolved with time. Crowds are ignorant, and easily fooled by a few. So I think nature and tradition and folk lore can help humanity find its path more than hundreds of scientist apes that are disconnected from their roots and only seek answers by studying the materialistic world today. They will never have wisdom, only a billion of facts, and society will be controlled by money not truth.
Super interesting, this explains what I've always felt, reasoning comes after intuitions as a way to justify it.
Mary / Paul could be animals.
Sounds like Michael just read The Familiar
Detective: We know you killed him, confess Micheal: I did, or did i .com, a website that calculates all things that have been done since the beginning of time Detective: did you just confess? Micheal: Vsauce, micheal here.
VSauce teaming up with Bill Gates? When’s the Jeffrey Epstein video coming?
*Bill Gates divorced Melinda just because he couldn't solve Micheals  marriage riddle*
Yeah right..skip.
Might be the best commentary on current political discourse I have ever seen.
Every video is a different existential crisis
Wow
Earth is a flat plane
14:12 as I'm autistic that is actually exactly what I do: it does not come naturally to me at all
an instant classic, what a wonderfully interesting video, bringing hard and old problems right into the spotlight
i used to dream about community of inquiries being used more often than debates to solve issues back when I was in school, this reminded me of that. thanks
Micheal for president
michal collaborating with bill gates is  what caused melinda and bill's divorce
We are the Borg, you will be assimilated.
Wow Michael, you outdid yourself once again. Glad to be a subscriber since 2014.
The problem with a "lottocracy" is that a lot of political programs and policies have a lot of history, details, and facts about them.  It's part of the reason why our current generation of "actor politicians" (in both the USA and Canada) is such a problem.  We're electing random people who have zero interest in serving the people through legislature and instead have ulterior motives for being elected (typically grift but nowadays celebrity is a big one).  You couldn't for instance make good law about respecting indigenous peoples without at least a passing understanding of their history and treaty rights, etc.  If we put legislature to a "second sober reading" via a jury (instead of say a senate) we would face many of the same issues where people who are not interested or concerned with the implications of the legislation simply want to see "their side" win.  Conservative jurists would side with Conservative bills and Liberal jurists side with Liberal bills.  We need to return to respecting experts and people who put in the work to learn as much as they can about issues they're involved with and shun people who "shoot from the hip" and "intuit" facts out of the nether.  Sadly this begins with the media who are largely free to say whatever they want as long as they pay for their airtime and with that as the guiding principle facts and reality have long since departed the fabric of societal consciousness.    Even "progressive" "liberal" media gives far too much air time and credibility to "actor politicians."  In a Just world Marjorie Greene would never be on the 6 o'clock news.  We'd ignore her since ultimately she's very unimportant and unlikely to produce any work that is important. etc.  If we followed that principle in 2015, MAGA45 would never have happened.  Instead the media told us (by virtue of covering him so much) that Trump was important and credible and newsworthy and worth paying attention to.  In previous years he'd garner a passing comment on the news as they focused on "more serious contenders" which yes also haven't produced the best results but a far amount better than MAGA45....
good try, but democracy is built for the rich to make slaves of the poor n its only when the collective march change can be possible. The earth from God was not created for some to have n the others to  have nots. The earth was intended to be heaven but greedy humans have turned into hell. Ya idea of lotteracey is very good, as thats how my communism would work. EQAULITY. The other current communism is evil. as far as reasoning goes n factual argument, ppl are too stupid to step outside thier own comfort zones of learnings/brainwashing's. =SHEEP. democracy is evil n creates homelessness n slaves n if you need violence n death to enforce your ideas then your ideas of perfection for the earth are worthless. get rid of democracy. group dynamics was not touched on, so this vid is incomplete. the only space you will be travelling thru only exists between your ears lol.
This may reasonably be the most important video on YouTube
A Bill Gates financed video on how we all shoudnt trust our own research huh?  People who actually know who bill gates is, know wtf is going on here...
"people use conclusions to justify reasons" + the fact that most adults are fundamentally opposed to taking the time and energy to learn new things == the world we live in.  For instance, it took me all of 5 minutes to explain the high level points of why burning fossil fuel is bad to my (then) 6 year old daughter.  burning gas => ghg => blanket over planet => warmer => climate disasters like fires/floods/etc.  (over the years I expanded that to include the concept of infrared radiation and a loose explanation of what photons are).  Because 6 year olds welcome and accept new information readily.  That I was telling her factually true things was immaterial to her willingness to accept them.  Whereas a 40 year old seeing this information for the first time is likely to reject it at first sight because their entire "mind" has momentum in directions that agree with their world views.  E.g. burning gas was always part of their life/world view so therefore burning gas shouldn't be bad.  etc.  I don't know what the fix is but the problem is that adults are lazy and stoopid.
Green capitalism bad
Please run for president.
Awesome conclusion! I found it interesting that he didn’t use the word “carbon emissions” or “climate change”. I wonder if it was intentional to avoid the knee jerk reaction due to the polarisation and politicisation of these issues.
Love how i’m 1:11 into the video and vsauce is already making me have several mental breakthroughs
never had my mind fcked so good
It will never work as the jury system is one such example of this proposed system. The crowd can still unduly influence the decision of random people.
How does this guy make everything so interesting, is there some form of formula you use or what!
Your reasoning is amazing but what stands out (for me) is your rhetoric. Your script is almost poetic. Does anyone know who is the writer of Vsauce?
Reasons/reasoning is never a problem when it is objectively present:  The problem becomes when reason is made absent with the subjective presence of emotion(s).  And intuition is purely a peripheral somatic instinct, mistaken as a reliable tool when referred to as knowledge.
OMG I literally just wrote an essay on Deliberative Democracy :D SO TRUE. Although, the only way deliberative democracy can help hyperobjects like climate change and global emissions, is if every country ran under a democracy... which they dont. So Im not sure we can fix this one... D:
More about the hyperobject in the video below (composed by my from various sources, see list in text field).   https://youtu.be/2s_gJZss124
Me:...just a quick video before bed...  Vsauce: hold my telescope
Since when Vsauce start doing horror movie jumpscares? Lol
lottocracy is the best political idea I've ever heard
So let's have executive jury?
Repent to Jesus Christ!   Are you a sinner?  Saint Luke 5:32 KJV I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.   Saint Luke 13:3 KJV I tell you, Nay: but, except ye repent, ye shall all likewise perish.
You the Greatest to EVER live bro! You’ve inspired me in ways I could NEVER thank You for. But every day I try.
Vsauce: Things are becoming more and more common and accessible. Meanwhile in India: struggling to get life saving oxygen.
Another banger... this fucking guy, every fucking time.
I actually love and find it great you talking about all of this. I am always so eager to get to everyone the understanding of this kind of stuff. How to see this point of view for a conscious and better way for everyone.  I love that in this one video you could explain lots of things with great information and reach a lot of people who will find it easy to unravel and be smarter. I was surprised you talked about decentralized decision-making in society and else. I was going around this idea for a while as a future way of really getting somewhere with a natural and better way for everyone. I think this would be a before and after for humanity.   As probably someone said: the mind grows faster than evolution, and so ideas grow faster than acceptance (or behavioral inertia).
I release a lot of gas from lemon pepper wingstop wings
Your entire video was you giving a calculated reason for changing our system of government to a Lottocracy and a different way of thinking. Neat.
Michael, go *//*/* yourself. Et tu Brute? Is there anything on the world the Gates Demon won't touch with his slimy billionaire hands?
And as always, thanks for making these videos Vsuace.
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAH    Watching 30 minute Vsauce video at x 1.5 speed
to this day i don't know who the fuck is Vsauce.....he always says, "Hey Vsauce, michael here!".....like wtf?...am i a Vsauce?.......are we audience all Vsauce?.....is there a Csauce?....Is michael trying to signal something?.....is he an alien reporting to his commander in chief indirectly?.....Is he reporting to darksied?......he always makes video like is this alien trying to understand and analyze human morale?...is michael an alien studying us by  making it look like he is teaching us something?....is he brainwashing us?.....or maybe he's from future and reporting to an AI machine called Vsauce?
The Guardian article : Want to fight climate change? Have fewer children "These reduce emissions many times more than common green ... Having one fewer child will save 58.6 tonnes of CO2-equivalent per year " No other "green" measure even comes close to the above. Less resources needed, less high CO2 concrete buildings built, less cars built. But some people want you to birth and raise more consumers who buy their mostly unnecessary things  ;-) Reason 101
This reminds me of that comic where a cat and a dog are given food and the dog is like "Man gives me food, he must be god" and the cat says "Man gives me food, I must be god"
Nice ad
Point of No Return Climate Change will not happen for 140 to 400 years, not 14 to 40 years.  The left is wrong on the timetable.
"This one is machine and nerve...and has its mind, concluded.  This one, is but flesh and faith.... and is the more deluded."
Climate change is absolutely not the main problem being caused by failures of reason right now.  The reason climate change doesn't get fixed isn't because people haven't reasoned it out; it's because everyone wants to keep on doing what they're doing. While also growing the population and the GDP and the annual deficit.
Its not the same without the soundtrack, what a bummer, royalties are too pricy?
15:38 Your mistake is a feature. This is a running joke between software developers. I laughed my ass off about this, especially about how it was animated in the video.
Why Micheal why? Why is your delivery so engaging?
What does Bill Gates know about any of this? He can't handle the one relationship he has... this is propaganda.
Ah yes leave it to mob rule... loved most of the video just a” jury” of our peers to guide decision is bad and it would work if everyone was smart and logical but most are dumb and illogical
the pouring of concrete does not lead to higher quality of life around the world. what a prageru claim.
One of the best videos ever.   We need to evolve so that we can talk to our other brain so that we can understand other points of view better because left brained And right brained people think differently.  So if everyone was both we could reason better towards the future.   See CGP grey video on you is two.  And the research that conservative or progressive is some what genetic.  Understand that compensate for it.   Everyone needs to understand they are wrong about some things and they don't know which ones
You are awesome and informative in an entertaining way that you attract different age groups to watch your content and enjoy it , and i like that as it may actually make impacts on the world as it spreads knowledge about the problems in such ways that makes the brain aware and more productive of ideas that may solve those problems , you are an awesome person keep spreading knowledge ❤️
"Sir, this is a Wendy's"
I’d say the increased severity of recent storms and other shitty weather events is proof enough that climate change is already beginning to take affect
so glad Vsauce is back after so long, looking forward to more interesting videos from them to watch, and think about
Attend to the Reasoning: CO2 Levels during the Mesozoic period of the Dinosaurs were 5 times that of today. Conclusion? Climate alarmists have an "Agenda".
you know what, i’m a big fan of vsauce, but right at the beginning of this video i noticed he was using argumentative techniques he usually doesn’t use, and i’m all ears for talking about climate change, but once he brought out bill gates at 5:30, you know this is gonna be lopsided as hell
bill gates? c'mon now michael i thought u were better
absolutely in favor of Superdemocracy
“We” can’t choose what that will mean until we’re there to interpret or influence the understanding of what it means to be us. Until that point the understandings will largely be taken from those with the longest lasting/loudest voices. As the saying goes: “history is written by the winners” and currently the collective majority, probably >95% of the world’s population will not fit into this category and our collective voices are much more likely to go unnoticed or be mere footnotes.
You are Amazing Michele
I am a brain...or...do I have a brain...
Vsauce doesn't support alien existence being true?
14:30 A-Typical people can often do that though. Looking and thinking about a persons posture and voice because recognizing these things from intuition can be kinda hard
Reason is not a bug, it's a feature
I feel like the irony here, is even in discussing the matter of reasoning, we'll run into the same issues we're trying to avoided..
Logic test:  There is no way to determine if she is married, for it only states the marital status of the two men.  Thus not enough information to decide, for an "IF" does not equal a definitive YES.  Peter,  the only known unmarried person, is not looking at anyone, but only being looked AT by the unknown.  Married is looking at unknown. Unknown is looking at unmarried.  In no way can you empirically the that unknown is known just because of potentialities.  Failed the logic test, much disappoint.
You had me until "I teamed up with Bill Gates"
I hate overthinking, overthinking  -_-
Michael, watch your low end noise.
Being involved in a lot of unpleasant arguments recently, watching this episode was a breath of fresh air!
Lottocracy: Please no. Most people are selfish, groupthinking, ignorant, and not very bright.
I think you just advocated for centrism.
Started off interesting then went off on a kookoo climate porn tangent....Don't waist your time watching it.
But without mass media, corporations and celebrities telling me how to live, how will I live?  *sarcasm*
I love the reference to "The Snap" from MCU/Thanos at the very end when he talks about being quatumly recreated.
The State is a  problematic hyperobject
The fourth dimension is the answer to all problems
11:43 you had awesometer right in front of you :/
I thought this channel more of a life hacks pranks.. but this is a thought..
the fact that 3.5 million people have watched this gives me a great sense of hope.
It’s crazy how poetic and full of knowledge this is
HES BACK
Ha ha ha.... We are fucked
Matthew 3:2....
Repent Jesus Christ is coming soon....
Don’t go to 13:27 worst mistake of my life
15:30 "They're not 'mistakes', they're 'features' "  -Todd Howard
Drawing reasons from conclusions is called "rationalizing". We can gain control of our reasoning by avoiding rationalization. However, this happens to be what evolutionists like v sauce do when they try to reason out why we are able to reason. They conclude that "we evolved, therefore, here is the reason." Yet, their conclusion and the subsequent rationalization is fundamentally flawed for the massive gap in proof and knowledge.  We also reason better when we question our own perceptions, as well as trust our memories when we are being gaslighted. It is only when we don't trust our memories that those memories may be edited by external input because we assume that input to be true over our own memories. The right-wing presidential candidate in the U.S., and both sides of political media, manipulated memories of weak-minded people who do not trust their own memories, prefer to select memories that suit their worldview (denial) or leave their memories and/or thinking up to politicians. That is why the world of mankind is circling the drain right now.
If we emitted 0% that would mean we would die. Me thinks you need to rethink your statement. Take a look at minute 3:50 an up for ten seconds. All of you should be dead?
there isn't another channel that makes me think more than this one
Woke sauce
Perfect length video to make sure I’m well asleep before it changes on me
Love the longer videos
Upvoted as soon as he mentioned Timothy Morton
A second over thirty minutes, hey. So, the editing of this video revolved around stretching content and shots for advertising.
How to get consensus? One supreme ruler: Jehovah God. We don't have time to wait for mankind to "evolve". Either change happens now or we would die. Thankfully, God will be taking control soon so that mankind doesn't kill itself. These last days were prophesied nearly 2,000 years ago.
Michael is responsible for the intellectual growth is a whole generation.
What of the critics? Is reasoning outdated, less than sufficient?
That's what happens when you've not heard of Abraham; bla bla bla bla bla bla...
Evolution? Amazing how a 150-year-old broken theory is still believed after DNA scientists destroyed it.   "To Darwin, the cell was a "black box" and its inner workings were utterly mysterious to him. Now, the black box has been opened up and we know how it works, Applying Darwin's test to the ultra-complex world of molecular machinery and cellular systems that have been discovered over the past 40 years, we can say that Darwin's theory has absolutely broken down." - Michael Behe  “Life did not evolve first on Earth. The immensity of complex coded and precisely sequenced information is absolutely staggering. The DNA evidence speaks of intelligent, information-bearing design. Complex DNA coding would have been necessary for even the hypothetical first so-called “simple cell(s)”. For life to form by chance is mathematically virtually impossible.” - Sir Francis Crick (Nobel Prize for physiology/medicine)  "Mathematicians agree that any requisite number beyond 10*50th has, statistically, a zero probability of occurrence (and even that gives it the benefit of the doubt!). Any species known to us, including the smallest single-cell bacteria, have enormously larger number of nucleotides than 100 or 1000. In fact, single cell bacteria display about 3,000,000 nucleotides, aligned in a very specific sequence. This means that there is no mathematical probability whatever for any known species to have been the product of a random occurrence—random mutations (to use the evolutionist's favorite expression)." - I.L. Cohen  "To put it at its mildest, one may question an evolutionary theory so beset by doubts among even those who teach it. If Darwinism is truly the great unifying principle of biology, it encompasses extraordinarily large areas of ignorance. It fails to explain some of the most basic questions of all: how lifeless chemicals came alive, what rules of grammar lie behind the genetic code, how genes shape the form of living things." - Francis Hitching See Less
Fantastic video as usual
If nobody remembers or observes a particular thing or place, and it is later rediscovered, was it always in the same place? For instance, if I set a glass of water down, and nobody truly observed it in that moment, can it be in a location different than its original position when first observed? This may be a strange or dumb question but I am interested to know the answer. I suppose some of it would come down to probability curves
Damn that ABCD burgers place sounds good right now
This is the content i subscribed for,  it has a terrible long count of months  since the last good Vsauce 1,2, or 3.
Bill Gates? The guy who wants to hoard all the vaccines? No thanks.
I'm surprised Vsauce still exists...
Someone asked me to watch this and give me their thoughts. As I watched this video, I took notes on it. I was more interested in parts where I disagreed with Vsauce, so that is what I chose to focus on. I figured I would post them here just to see what happens. . . in the spirit of the video's argument.  Vsauce video notes;  9:37 "If reasoning is so great, why are we the only species with such a sophisticated grasp of it?  Currently-accepted most likely answer: the complexity of the human brain results in extra processing power, which gives rise to our ability to reason. The human brain grew how it did due to a combination of environmental and genetic factors (genetic factors predisposed us to take advantage of environmental factors, such as more temperate and mild climates, larger food-sources of calories and lipids, and ideal mates).  9:38 "If it's purpose is truth and good judgment, why don't we all agree on everything?"  Odd teleological phrasing of that question. It is strange to ascribe a 'purpose' to the advent of reason, from an evolutionary perspective. Reason allows one to take advantage of truth and good judgment, of reliable knowledge, but reason is not the motor for action, desire is. We don't all agree on everything either because we're operating from different sets of facts, or different base assumptions, or even different goals, goals as dictated by our desires. It's not necessarily reasonable, or 'unreasonable' to want someone dead, or to want to eat a particular food, but reason can certainly aid one in realizing those desires. This is just approaching the is/ought question from another angle.  10:08 "The world is not a logic puzzle."  Not necessarily, no, but looking at it as though it were might still aid us in understanding its problems and acting accordingly.  14:29 [Vsauce's point about facial expressions and body language].  These are not things that are untrained though; they might seem intuitive, and in a sense they are, because we have such a good grasp on them, our ability to process those things has been trained into us at a deep level, and so we respond by [albiet cultivated] instinct.  15:02 "They're all just guesses."  No, they're not. They are inductive inferences.  17:28 "They each have their own unique values, dispositions, and experiences" [Explanation and examination of the social theory of the purpose (or more generously, function) of reasoning].  I think it is fair to say that reasoning (rationalization) is a tool that we can use to increase our social standing, but it can and obviously does apply to many other things more practically useful for survival.  18:46 [Vsauce's 'ABC Burgers' example].  The problem there is that he is pressing his friend too much. In a real conversation, you're not going to get beyond the second reason before getting a 'fuck off I already told you I'm not eating there.'  19:07 "Using reason as it evolved to function." [Stronger and stronger, or at least more aggressive, arguments].  20:02 "[Confirmation bias] is a problem for the intellectualist view of reason."  Is it? It is certainly a difficulty or obstacle that one must overcome, but that does not mean it is necessarily a problem for the intellectualist view of reason; not every facet of our being is ideally suited to our current circumstances. We have confirmation bias due to our instinct and our ability to recognize patterns, both traits that helped our ancestors survive to pass on those traits. Sometimes, traits that we evolved that were valuable at one point, are no longer so now.  20:47 "The confirmation bias at least halves the work that must be done."  Not necessarily. There is value in different perspectives, because different people can see different angles and draw different ideas up from the same material, so that what one person might have missed, another will see. Ergo the real, observable social advantage is in having different pairs of eyes on the same set of material.  21:19 [Vsauce's 'ask the audience' argument].  This is epistemologically dangerous. In questions of more general knowledge, this tactic can often be extremely effective for arriving at a correct answer, but 'the crowd' are often ignorant of specialized knowledge and other important details.  26:36 [Jury argument].  We've seen the weakness in this, because Derek Chauvin got wrongfully convicted. Vsauce's hard hold on an expansive notion of democracy is I think, one of the major factors that has brought him to acceptance of the social theory of reason, but there are significant challenges to that theory, and more than a few value-judgments that said theory depends on.
hey  do  you think   that table was sourced from a bowling alley? (12:51)
I see you sold yourself to the Devil, good
Hmmm. That ayahuasca did something
What did he say at the very end?.. We will always be the agents/ancients?
Everyone gangster till he does not  vsause song
how the fuck do he talks for 30 minutes without struggling and without 300 cuts??
Give me my 30 minutes back
Can you please do an episode on vaccines??
Ok, I get it. It was an episode about how much I'm polluting and how I should change my way of life. Sure, when Elon Musk, Bezos and Gates will start using carts like in the 1800s maybe I'll think about buying an EV. Until then, uhh... no.
Well said
This is the best one ever
So... If she weighs the same as a duck, she's a witch?
hes watch keeps desapearing :=)
Sooo,,,,,peer review becomes the popular B.S.  That's the scientific method for you.  I've said for many years, nothing good EVER comes from a crowd.  These are really good videos, thanks.    Imagine if medicine described symptoms with math and ignored the CAUSAL disease.  That is EXACTLY where physics is now!  Cause comes AFTER the description.  Laws, rules, and math are NOT CAUSAL.  They CAN BE a perfect analogy.  Modern causality come after that B.S.  Put that in your book!
Wrong. A person is smart, people are dumb in crowds. We give poor reasons because we cannot reveal our true motives or are not sufficiently aware of our own motives, or as social ritual or political expedience. Trying to get us to conform to the globalist agenda is a shitty thing to do if you are parading it as the opposite of what it is. We don't need a big centralised government or lottocracy, we need grass roots, separate communities not controlled by centralised corrupt government which are puppets of dynastic wealth and power.
And as always. Awesome.
wisdom of the krauts
So you working for the globalists now I see, bullshit climate change, great reset, nonsense. I'm in unsubscribing, goodbye.
ben shabeebo destroyed by no logic
I knew this video would be good #ConfirmationBias
I never trust a sandwich board that claims the best pizza in the world 🧐
I really want to have a person like the vsauce guy as a friend in life. Imagine you had a friend like him and he can keep filling your mind with stuff all the time.
i'd love to see political leaders chosen by lottery.  those who seek power, should be the last to obtain it.
How about you don't get to make decisions for me and I wont make them for you? We don't have leaders. We have representatives. If you premise is flawed then your REASONING is too.
Yes .     what if we were all told lies from the first year of earth. then everything we talk about could be a lie, correct?
You ALWAYS deliver sauce man god damn great video i really enjoyed it as always
Oops. Looks like we tried representative democracy. And man, it's really not working. Guess we should try something better.
Assuming that all are able to be rational.  I very much doubt that this is the case.  So many people have no idea of even how to walk along a footpath without blocking it for others. Then there are those who must stop at the narrowest point in any public space. The crowd is a bunch of idiots. A randomly-selected Oligarchy?
Michael had a tone in his voice different then that of all his other videos... This video really did hit different. In a good way. Smacked me right back into reality, actually.
So what's the reason behind me watching this video?
listening to this, knowing its made in partnership with Bill Gates.... hard not to  laugh at all the hypocrisy lol
I’m glad Vesauce exist he is a man that is really smart, he knows what he’s talking about, and he can inspire people to discover new we can be a better society if everyone watched his videos.
As autistic I found some parts at the same time fascinating and totally sci-fi 😂 And of course that I have to analyze every single aspect of a person to decide if he is upset! And probably I will get the wrong conclusion.
Great music in this video
Yes the great mind not lottery bro
Lmao a rigged lottery come on bro
Ah Yes , Where is your mind , the seauel to Where are your fingers
G damnit Michael! You can’t just pop out of our lives and disappear , only to return months later like nothing happened and drop these bombshells of thought and truth on us like this!!
He just made a great argument for socialism or atleast social democracy while partnering with a capitalist oligarch (Bill Gates). I would think Michael is a progressive. I bet they made this content well before Gates said not to wave covid vaccine patent rights for poorer countries. Pretty evil if your holding power and profits over people and thats what gates is doing
What if Mary is partially married?
Sortition/lottocracy needs to be talked about more in the US. It is one of the most promising concepts I have ever seen, and it gives me hope that our democracy might be salvageable from the toxic grasp of lobbyist money. It HAS to become a movement in the US, and a big one at that. I really don't want our country to be stuck choosing between two flavors of a corporate sell-out for the rest of my life, especially after seeing where that's gotten us so far.
So how many of you tried making your gf watch this and had it backfire vs how many had it work out?
Direct democracy is mob rule.
People have worldviews. Some conclusions automatically conflict with their worldview so they must reject them because altering your worldview takes a LOT and it's SCARY.
I love this one. Reminds me of the greatest videos of this channel. And reminds of old times.
Great job.  Thank you.
En español
China and USA are the biggest pollution!
11:55 "If some people have more to lose than others, who gets to decide which are fair?"
I thought hes joking about the Bill Gates cooperation. Jeez man. We had temperatures on earth that were on average 16 degrees higher than now and we did not have any human emissions. There werent even humans around.  There is also the sun with its cycles wich effects our climate tremendously. I dont see any reason to slow down emissions if there is no one working on solutions to prevent volcanos from erupting. BTW: Your friend Bill wanted to experiment with blocking the sun out over Sweden. Im happy they scrapped the mad man experiment.
14:13 “When you notice that someone is upset, you don’t consciously think… these are all reasons to conclude that they are upset!”  Me, with autism: yes definitely why would anyone do that, certainly not me
Great filter? Inability to deal with hyperobjects? Somehow, this did not fill me with optimism.
Beautiful ideas like this will never happen, because those in power will never make the needed decision to change how we are lead. Oh and by the way, how to avoid a climate disaster? Well maybe by him talking to his billionaire friends, that they all should fight for the climate as he does?
im 6 minutes and 40 seconds in and it is clear you are on board with a masonic satanic agenda that bill gates and his team presented to you. These people want mass depopulation and are trying to control the wave of the whole world in which they will ushuer in their "new age" and one world leader which is the anti christ. News flash for you masonic people is that Lucifer LOST and JESUS CHRIST WON. The end is near. Repent and believe the gospels of Jesus Christ and you will be granted eternal life.
I like his reasonings for a lottocracy. What are the reasons against it?
9:23 * D sauce crosses arms *
build traps......ironic
@vsauce send me the playlist playa
jazz background music @14:03 is awesome
In colab with Bill (thekillershill) Gates??? Yah, no hidden corruption to see here... pfffft
Democratize all forms of production, every workplace and every market
the jazz background music @12:39 is awesome
Wow, cant remember last time I watched this guy.
Yes let’s continue to grow our consciousness!
I wish you would structure your thoughds better, feels like you are rambling,  jumping haotically from one topic to another
UFO'S EXIST!!! Be open to this, remember reading this! Aliens use different tech and exist in different dimensions..
Vsause! We've missed you!
Confirmed.
wtf ...... i got a better idea . how do we avoid bill gate completely.  dude needs to remove his own genes from the pool.
Even if you get all the people you want to guess how many beans are in the jar, the average will still be inaccurate. Those mistakes adds up, & this universe's ultimate sentence for severe mistake is extinction. Plus, i find a flaw in the idea that humans require more things being involved... in what way? everything can't be aware(or devoid of ignornce) because humans came to this level of percieve advantage because majority of things are unaware. Imagine if everything had reason, awareness, lesser levels of ignorance , & the capability to act on them? Might mean extiction for us because unaware things like extreme wheater came about by the activity of the unaware. Well, good luck trying to figure out who is right, or wrong. I rather focus on what's the most accurate, least required friction, & beneficial way forward for my direction in life which is to maintain & improve on existence.
love it
Did you just get a block of tofu and shake it for demonstration??
ew, bill gates. michael why
1:57 all i could think of was: this is a family show...
10:35 you got me on that one, hate you.  Just kidding :-)
Very interesting proposition if combined with some sort of meritocratic approach. Otherwise we don't have people who guess how many balls are in the bottle, but a crowd that guesses what is in a locked box.
Vsauce videos are always incredible quality! though, I got so distracted that I burnt my grilled cheese.
I've been a fan for years now, but this one felt off
I’ve been waning to research more on this topic, thank you Vsauce
I always have to re-watch Michael's videos within the time frame of a week so as to revise whatever My Dumb Brain could garner from what He was trying to make Me learn from these videos. Indebted forever for bringing in the insightfulness within Me. 🙏❤️🙏
20 minutes without even a hint of what point is trying to be made. I can't listen to any more blabbering. Also, the climate crisis is a lie.
Wow so this means everything 🚩 "The Worlds Most Powerful Doctor" 🚩 does and says is for our own good like he's a God and if we think otherwise its just by way of our flawed 'Features' wow michael. Never thought you'd do us like that but here we are. Regardless, thank you for another lesson. Maybe there ARE greater species and powers in this universe that even outweigh our capacity of reasoning and probably will for a very loooong time. Just remember that those higher powers are not you guys.
Michael, you gosh darn poet.
Paul should look directly at Peter. The question has no practical value.
If you look far into the past you can see the future.
I’m getting quite annoyed by the means ABC burgers advertise themselves in youtube these days...
That was the most mind bent (in a good way) that I've felt in a long time. But I have a question: Does this motivated reasoning mean that people should in fact stop striving towards being rational (whatever the means anymore)?
I’ve now listen to this three times. Extremely unusual for me. This was great!
Simply Brilliant,  The REASON for Unity.
So what is the reason to study reasoning?
BABE WAKE UP, NEW VSAUCE VIDEO       aww man these videos bring me back, i miss em
2 Mins in this seems like anti global warming propaganda  *3 mins in starts talking about greenhouse gases*
I missed this.
Oh hey there i havent watched vsauce for quite sometime now. Imma watch it now
Still the best channel on YouTube.
Everyone would be better off if the stopped taking money from Bill.  Bills wingman didn't kill himself.
ok once it got to Lottocracy my impression of this content totally changed. Im fucking so curious about if lottocracy is a legitimately good idea now. I can think of a couple problems but i mean i can think of a thousand with our present system
Thank you Michael no matter how long it takes to get videos out, I always love the journey.
all you need is small but incremental changes to policies - even the most stupborn monkeys will sooner or later be doing the right things. The number one problem is interests of powerful corporations and their ability to directly pay their way into law. If the production of laws was based on research/science and progressive logic we would be always correcting the course well in time. However our society is organised badly. no need to write more
You know Vsauce is a good episode when everything you think of typing down, Michael answered. Like a fortune cookie that everything can apply to your real world problems.
"Hyper object" - "Space Oddysey 2001" (opening scene with the monkeys and the monolith) - anyone?
This is why I love VSauce. You see, when we are reading about Aristoteles, Plato and all other philosophers, we tendo to first read their conclusions about something like, reasoning. At first, it maybe a little confusing, but after reading some examples we can understand how they come with their theories.  Michael goes the other way around. We begin theorizing and then we come up with the same conclusions theses philosophers reached.  You may say "well, that is the whole *reason* of this video".   Yeah, you are right, but I had to say it nonethless.
25:26. MIND BLOW!
This is too much for me to process 🤯
nice climate change propaganda
I always thought that a voting system, kind of like how we up or downvote YouTube videos, or Reddit posts, would be a great way to implement laws and decisions. Maybe one day the world will work that way. But then again, when the internet votes on things you end up with stuff like Boaty McBoatface, Gushing Granny, or a city dump named after Fred Durst.
great video except that Bill Gates book is a corporate welfare joke and so so so short of what actually needs to happen.
Being that this was created "in partnership" with Bill Gates, it is not at all surprising that the solution to every problem that finance capitalism creates... is more capitalism - "smarter capitalism". After all, Microsoft can't sustain let alone grow its business model without extracting resources from areas where people are literally enslaved.
Holo coin and Cardano(ada) gotta big ass
I am still thinking, that I might be breathing some of your particles right now Michael.
I'll have to challenge your assumption that we haven't found intelligent life outside our solar system at about the 5 min mark. We actually have , its been documented and leaked by countless whistle-blowers and it just so happens that the Govt slipped in a UFO information release over the next 180 days from the start of the covid bill signing.   We aren't alone and never have been alone. The full disclosure is coming soon!   Great video brorha 💪
If you can't use reason to understand that WTC 7 was a controlled demolition, just give up. You're brainwashed. He's wrong. The world IS a logic puzzle when everything you've been told is a lie.
People are beginning to realize Bill Gates is a fraud, so he gets Michael to help promote his self serving agenda. That should be the title of this book.
Paul has his eyes shut, maybe he is blind. Definetly, we don't know whether he is looking at Mary.
"And if your Lord had willed, He could have made mankind one community; but they will not cease to differ," Quran 11:118
To answer your questions "how do we ... ?".  The answer is, we don't.  Each solution we come up with will be a problem somewhere else.  In the past we were insignificant enough that the environment was able to absorb and disperse our "solutions".  That is no longer possible.  The only real, effective solution is less people.  A lot less people.  But that brings problems of its own.  Oops.
blink twice if you're lying.
Very interesting and important video
imagine hope. imagine hoping. this is nice
Aww man you, Mark Rober. Wtf dudes?? You are working with the Devil!? Money that good???
I think it would be a good idea to introduce easier methods of doing census's or national scale surveys. In that decisions don't have to be made by the few in power, but they simply raise the questions. With an advanced way of allowing every person in the country to express their opinion, we would witness the truest form of democracy.
One of the best. Thanks for posting!
The Internet has exponentially increased the innovation capabilities of human beings.... OR is it! The twitter trends and numerous discussions in facebook comments sections has demonstrated that people consider themselves as intellectuals just by googling on the internet and reading lumps of words published on it by some nitwit rather than the one who has actually spend considerable time of his life in acedemics and experimentations!  INTERNET... might be the GREAT FILTER!
The govts should talk about how they can control and manipulate weather before getting everyone off fossil fuels
This is why we need communism
I swear to goodness I'm cut from a different cloth... "between similar items why do we prefer the item with more functions even if we never plan on using them or they are convoluted?" OH yes I know *raises hand ✋* Michael pick me! "Well, it might be..." I know this one Michael! Though I never plan on using them, there Is no downside in having them extra and not using them. Then, if I ever end up needed them I have them for later, or if I get bored I can toy with the overly complicated functions and learn them! Which in turn could be useful knowledge later! "It's easier to justify to others" ah fuck...me  I feel like I'm the only person who doesn't give a shit about what others think. People are just animals in the same forest I am, one comes by says hi, I reply give em a pet and be on my way. One comes up and growls I keep trotting by; tail wagging, one gets to close while growling... I roar; dent the floral floor with my paw, bare fang to drag out a whimper, then continue on. People can snicker and sneer, "what are you stupid? How lame, you didn't even know to get the earbuds that lick your ear canal clean in-between each song, see look everyone has them, you don't want to be left out do you? Stupid people like you shouldn't even be allowed to listen to music.."... uhhhh actually it was really hard for me to find earbuds with no ear licking mechanism, they don't really sell them anymore besides at Earbuds Plus and Stuff on the corner by the liquor store. Took me 2 months to find some, that was 2 months with no earbuds. "NO... I would die without my ear licking earbuds that spoon feed me jello!". Just stop man, justify actions on your own behalf not others. It's so sickening how infectious the hive mind is, but also so amazing how much we can share information. Tbh, I think the costs will outway the benefits within a decade or 2. I'm only 22 so unfortunately I'll most likely have to live through it. Unless my Lord grants me a reprieve. Stay you, and stay unique, but don't *TRY* to be different. If you really do like ear licking; jello feeding ear buds than have at it. Much love to all my fellow men and women, ladies and gentlemen, boys and gals!
after listening to his reasons about the reasoning I now have a reason to say I dont understand anything he is saying. have a nice day
So what's our reasoning for having presidents and queens or kings anymore, if a collective mind comes to a better solution to a problem, what's the reasoning for having such pillar heads?
Amazing how every single video you make blows my mind..
This video is over 9000 on the awesome-o-meter
This wave of dislikes at 3:15
It seems like humanity is heavily limited by biology/ physiology, in terms of our decisions and priorities being so biased to biological imperatives. But if the rational ideal is higher quality humans until we can evolve ourselves and deprecate the current version of humanity, by avoiding cascading negative genetics and environment conditions that could lead to extinction, then would the imperative to be a superior consciousness be lost or less relevant?  It seems the biggest problem is communication between people and organisations/ sharing data, and 'understanding' massively complex systems in real time. Maybe an AI could do it and outline goals for different strategies, depending on whether the objective is to make homo sapiens last for billions of years, or whether to optimise for efficiency and either rapidly evolve humanity, or just rapidly evolve a non human origin sentience that could continue to acquire data from the universe and grow.. But then without that biological imperative, what would be the point of acquiring data and growing? Would you become like a sentient black hole that just consumes with no actual goal than to consume?
I see what you did there.. I came on this vid through some clickbait and had no idea what to expect but the title sounded interesting.  Right at the start you made two fundamental nonsensic statements that raised my eyebrows, until I saw that you're actually just a paid comedian for the Gates circus. You're not even hiding the fact that you're a soundboard for his new book. No surprise there is a massive amount of paid thumbs up.  The two initial statements, that basically destroy all further reasoning: 1. Perceiving the individual's brain (=mind) as just a piece on a chestboard, while all other information and tools out there are actually a collective Extention of the individual, therefore could be perceived as the "collective" mind.  This is utter nonsense. It may be valid in some sci-fi scenario from Star Trek where the Borg only exist in a collective mind and the individual has no freedom of self expression or creative contribution, other than assimilation of all that is external (i.e. a perverted dystopian society that can only dreamed up by a sick mind for humanity, like Gates..), but the human civilization does not stem from a central mind that expanded and assimilated all it encounters, to strip it from value of self. The human civilization has thrived and has reached its current state BECAUSE of the ability of the individual to be free in thought and expression. Without this individuality, humanity would not progress, as it would not be able to meet challenges laid before it, for lack of creativity that is needed on an individual level. Each human mind is much more like a funnel, when it comes to external tools and information: it is not just a piece in the broader collective that can be called "The Mind", but it is a separate entity. WE ARE ALL INDIVIDUALS. The human mind filters all that comes in and dissects and interprets these on an individual level. This singular process is what results in an unbiased outcome where something new is born. The great composers, scientists, leaders, sportsmen would never have achieved anything without their individual ability to interpret information and translate it to action by their own design and decision. By talking about the "collective" mind, the agenda of assimilation is pushed, which is pretty much the loss of freedom of the individual. It reflects the thinking of people who look down on humanity as merely a "tool" for purposes that they consider "sacred". Like Gates, perceiving humanity as merely a tool for his "divine" goals.  2. "We need to release zero". Well, this is the most unscientific bomb ever :D  "Emissions are our enemy". Sure buddy, just like viruses our, yeah?.. The demonizing of all that is part of nature is basically raising walls AGAINST nature, instead of realizing that we ARE nature. We ARE a part of it and if we fight nature, we fight ourselves, we fight our very existence. Just like our bodies need viruses, needed them for millions of years to develop our current immune systems, the same way we nature needs emissions, so that the cycle of life can be maintained. What you actually meant is that there should be BALANCE in how much we emit versus how much the planet can absorb and transform. Photosynthesis is a basic principle that a software seller might not be familiar with, but is the essential part of life. No carbondioxide, no plant life. No plant life, no oxigen. No oxigen, no humanity. The difference between survival and extinction is in HOW MUCH emission can be a sustainable part of the cycle. Not that emission should be ZERO.  Now, of course this whole propaganda video is just to make people scared so we cut back on emissions and the "zero emission" mantra is a blatant lie and you know it. I don't mind this bone, if it would lead to results of sustainability, the masses will just swallow whatever you push down their throats anyway. But the issue is the means: Bill Gates does not aim for harmony, because he has no clue what that is. He sees enemies: in viruses, in emissions, in societies, in human thinking in general. As a result, he only sees wars as a possibility to encounter all that he perceives as "bad". As soon as you start fighting something that is part of nature however, you make things much, much worse. Gates tries to fight viruses in Africa by developing vaccines against illnesses that simply reemerge and cannot be stopped, but the weakened immune systems of the vaccinated make them much more susceptible to illnesses and the net result is more people dying, epidemics, much more virulent and heavier strains, etc. The same way, he wants to fight emissions by buying up land and developing GMO crops, so we all turn vegan and thus less "emmissions" occur through mass meat production. His fundamental flaw in thinking is that this way, not only will we destroy the natural soil much faster (as mass crops will be exploiting farmland faster than smallholder cattle that graze and reinvigorate farmland), but through GMO manipulation the human genome will get weakened immune systems and be deprived of micronutrient-rich soil products. The net result is a systematic destruction of human health. Mass meat production is a crime, no doubt about it. Few people know however that it is only about 30% of global meat production: the vast majority is still from smallholders. But the solution should be by regulating the profit-driven corporations and force them to implement grazing animals set free, instead of speeding up production in batteries and cages. Gates uses the dark side of the meat industry to judge on meat consumption as a whole, which is the biggest lie ever.  Don't believe the hype of these clowns, unless you want to eat fake meat made of maggots in 10 years from now, maggots that live on GMO crops.
Perhaps schools need to actually teach  critical thinking and how to reason better!
Brilliant video, I like your ideology
This video can literally create world peace
Love the music. If I were able, I'd say much the same with that concision.  Humans are easily manipulated - because of their sociality. Psychologists use the convincing deception of 5-6-year-olds as a mark of intelligence. For deliberative democracy to work, a large percentage of the population would need to have a fair understanding of human psychology and sociology to know and accept our human conditions or bias. I see so much binary or black and white type of thinking, and 'belief' of facts being what your peers tell you.  Australian schooling may have deliberately omitted logic as an essential life tool. In my rural region, there are many with borderline personality disorder. Many were neglected in early childhood, as the rural region has been for 120 years. We appear to be going into a similar situation as those in the isolated Middle Ages. [Many concentrate within a narrow range of Facebook contacts, but in reality have little information of the outer world or even the 'outsiders' living inside the region.]  One must have a range of life experiences over years to gain multi-perspectives, as well as research history. The more surveys we do, with a range of people from differing cultures, ages, politicians to the homeless, the better we feel that we have 'reason' of what may be appropriate in a diverse society. We must know from healthy to various health conditions also.  What we aren't talking about is a consensus over the reality of humans being in a range of mentalities from psycho-sociopathic, without empathy for other beings, to those who give their lives for humanitarian purposes. Between the Wolves and the Sheep, there are even the disadvantaged who become the abusers of others. Our politicians speak of competition, and our state then seems to reflect this with a high rate of scamming and parasitic behaviour evolving into local area's as they dangle carrots to the locals [to rip up the railway line for nebulous reasons].  There's little logic here. Our local media is very restricted, and people repeat the same actions - expecting a different result. Or perhaps they just get involved in very fragmented environmental groups to be involved in a peer group or club. Yes, humans do things to be social and accepted by even tiny groups.   With psychopathic narcissistic behaviour or BPD, those desiring power or the centre of attention, state governments encourage employment in agencies that once advocated for local human rights. Old staff are replaced with those agreeing with government neglect, and the reasoning used along this channel. We truly already have an Orwellian takeover, but stealthily done over decades, few have looked or attempted reasoning using a diverse range of alternative perspectives. Youth won't notice when their hands resemble a 'smart' phone one day. They will be connected!  It's human nature to avoid life's horror or reality using natural endorphins and a loss of memory. Volcanoes explode, and the next generation rebuilds on the volcanic slopes.  Full and logical reasoning may be nowhere near any average of what people think. Witches may yet be burned. Messengers are shot.  I ask my friends what they think about matters. My father played devil's advocate. Buddhism suggests we question our own thoughts, or at least not attach ourselves too closely to them.  Family and friends are mostly gone. Humanitarians who would have saved the day exposing our terrible neglect; have died, or been made uncontactable. Covid is the coating of an iceberg. If we're ill and can't drive, we can't escape our hell in paradise. There's no one around to communicate face-to-face in a relaxed non-commercial environment. Some say new community services, where people are driven around instead of allowed the freedom to travel independently, are like paying to have prison guards or chaperones and limiting where one goes.  There's no rationality or logic, when people just accept this, as they have no perspective of over 50 years of the region's history. Tree changers don't know we had quite a reasonable rail-based transport system in the sixties. Some of the youth think kayaking in our polluted rivers is a form of public transport. People have no comparisons to ponder in small-town parochial thinking.  Some do not want to think about reality, and will avoid any in-depth discussion. I asked someone I knew in a village street, after my 'spiel' on reality, what he thought. He said it's a bit 'In Your Face' for some. Sometimes people on the autistic spectrum wish to get to the point, and talk of the awful things in reality, that many I now see, avoid because there in pain and focused on themselves. They're on antidepressants and such, and have illogical thoughts, such as, 'Think positively, or be optimistic, and things will change that way"!   I attend human rights meetings, and nothing pragmatic comes of it. The talk on 'Democracy' had not even mentioned the word. Our state government department renamed state rail, as 'transport for the future', while equally saying it wishes to 'divest itself' of all public assets.  How can there be logic and reasoning when we use words like 'future-proofing' which puts people in stupefied mode, accepting a word without clarifying its meaning. Are we moving into 'triple-speak' from Orwellian 'double-speak' where the true intention of eradicating the future, is boldly said as if it meant something vaguely opposite? Even 'future-guaranteeing' is extremely vague.  We are in a 'fast world', with no time to really communicate properly or deeply, and now being kept divided and separated, with no means of meeting a diverse range of folk, as one does travelling by longer distance rail services.
The Sun is going to destroy the planet anyways the most important thing is Intergalactic travel terraforming  and living forever
Nice
Most of us humans have prejudices and laziness and identity to which we associate ourselves . Once we have had associated ourselves to a particular identity we can't make unbiased decisions . In the ancient Indian spiritual education system , the students were told "aham brahmasami" (meaning that they are a part of the universe). I feel that having this identity helps in being less baised while taking descisions .  It's beneficial for us to reason correctly because if we have the right ideas we will take better actions leading to a better life . Leaving pride , ego , identity while resoning is the best thing to do , having this attitude really yeilds tremendous fruits in life , I can tell by personal experience .
Lottocracy sounds cool... until you remember serial killers exist...
Imagine getting stoned with this guy
To what extent can we reason on things we do not understand? What conclusions does this lead to and is the goal to approach consensus (e.g. reduce conflict) although the conclusions be far from accurate?
Damn, I missed you Michael.
If reason is so great, why isn't there a reason 2?
I see...
Oh, thank goodness Michael is back with another VSauce episode! I almost recovered from my last existential funk caused by a previous entry. We can't let that happen, now can we?
the future of reasoning.....     is non existent.......               in schools
the organ we use to reason... "takes his hands down" me: uh dude.... not that .... "brings out brain" ... oh uh yes i knew that....or did i.....
Haidt had a great analogy for this.  We like to think that reason is the cart driver and emotion is the horse pulling it--that our reason keeps us going in the right direction, without waivering on the whims of where our emotions want to go. In fact, it's more like the other way around.  Emotion is the driver, and it steers reason wherever it likes.
I literally learn more from Vsauce videos than my entire time at school
Excellent episode.  Very thought-provoking.  And I think the lottocracy idea is actually rather good.  Maybe you could expand the idea so that instead of one group of, say, twelve getting together to learn, debate, and come up with a recommendation, there could be multiple groups of twelve, each making a recommendation, and we could see if the majority of these recommendations agree with each other and go from there.  By the way, my take on the pronunciation of 'Eratosthenes' is 'air-a-TOSS-thin-knees.'
I misss the old music :( very nostalgic
Yes
It is my fault for not reading the description, thus I was fooled in the first 3 minutes or so thinking this might be an interesting video, and then immediately realized this is a bait-and-switch for yet another video about climate change trying to be forced down my throat. In no way am I saying this is not perhaps an important topic, but I personally did not enjoy being "tricked" into watching something that I personally heard more than enough about already.
Thanks for the video, Dad. I loved it. ❤️
Quran
If we can regrow our-self back to life, it would mean we can clone ourselves, which one is you?, a sure paradox.
the global solution to climate change is an authoritarian one
The new age philosopher, Vsauce
Glad to see him on my youtube recommendations again.
well, I did take a Critical thinkin course in college and it was all about logic which after reviewing classwork, I concluded that it was logic but at the same time that "Logic" was/ is the = of reasoning. What do you guys think? logic/reasoning or logic = ""
Ohh now I get it ,aliens type something in their hand in certain movies , they just using their  brain.
I was at work yesterday and some young couple asked to take a pic with me because they thought I was you.
Michael explains the human condition in 30 minutes
The set is crooked and I want a reason.
ahhhhh i cant take no more/
I wonder if Michael knows how much thought and introspection he is directly responsible for
Heyy!! vsauce, michael here
I get told I'm your doppelganger on a daily basis. I see it. Kinda creepy.
I was so happy the old Vsauce songs started playing!
I really appreciate this content!
reason is an escape of reality or demension
10:34 sent my ego tumbling I won’t lie
if only many people would try to understand this
Every 11:11 i wish to be known in history as someone who taught the world the lessons mentioned in this video.... when we are the ancients i want to be a name in history that allowed humanity to see its potential and pull us out of the end times and bad energy. If the lottery system became actuality and i was chosen, the world would be a much more intuitive place for sure!
59 seconds in and im already amazed
Yo mama so big they had to invent a new concept to call her: 4:38.
It means the death of freedom and the rise of industrial slavery. It means the destruction of all of earth, the creation of concrete.
The jellybean example of how the average answer is closer to correct one doesn't work for complicated issues when voted on by a heavily manipulated, naturally lazy, and uninformed society. It takes a single exceptional mind with accountability to push humanity forward, of course with the aid of intelligent advisors.
Where is my mind? Way out in the water, see it swimin'
Bill Gates,  the man who claims he will beat the cc'd but can't stop windows from crashing.
Big Techs: Control people with algorithms. Also Big Techs: Let people decide everything.
Show this to a conservative next time they ask why you voted for Joe Biden and watch their mind collapse
I like your reasoning in this video
👍
Wait did Michael just make a political video
If you liked this you should definitely hear this podcast- 'End of the World' by Josh Clark.
Why is the camera off-center? Is there a reason for that?
I'm still stuck on the puzzel.... how is she unmarried
I’m too tired for this shit bro
Thank you Vsauce!! This video is absolutely beautiful. It heightens my optimism for the future knowing that only a week after this was uploaded 3.4 million people have seen it. The ideas portrayed in this video are truly mind expanding, and seem at least to me to hold part of the solution for the unnamed  and innumerable problems with modernity. Please everyone who watches this video, show it to others do that they can have these ideas planted in their mind as well!
You lost me at “The quality of life is rising”.  Maybe it’s just a matter of opinion, but in my nearly sixty years of life I see the quality of life exponentially decreasing.  Decreasing at a rate which will eventually lead to no life at all on the planet Earth.
The man’s just appearing from thin air at this point.     *Or is he?*
Got up to 26 min.   Para phrase you cannot reason with someone who either A does not value things the same as you or B is not thinking that they could be wrong.   A, is often seen cross culture. B is often seen in the self righteous
Lost me at "the internet gives voices to more perspectives than ever before in our history", This golden age didn't last long. collectively improving reasoning only works if the person/party/group listening wants to hear your voice. They may choose to pretend you never said anything for any number of reasons. Feelings get hurt, they believe they're right no matter what based on a fallacy they don't want you to challenge, could also be that they simply don't want to bother. They can even get so tied up into their own reasoning that they outright reject reality as a whole. Think about how the word delusion recently got rechristened as "personal truth". Having that spiritual base is good, but when reality comes knocking it's really more important to give "the truth" more weight. We can't be apache helicopters even if the majority agrees that that is the truth.  That said I would say we're sort of in a dark age where voices still get marginalized, but the marginalized voices sort of flip-flopped, and it doesn't seem like the silencing of the newly marginalized voices is going to let up anytime soon. I don't know about anyone else but I'm not the type to just roll with a narrative that just doesn't address reality. If we look at the court systems, I wouldn't ever want to be that person who knows whats right but chooses not to share it. If you do have your ability to reason in order, and you're facing opposition on an issue important to you, you will stand alone in favor of what's right. Think the Twelve Angry Men movie.  Tl;dr: collectivism vs individualism
Fantastic video
I love his word usage, great classic vsauce
It's hard to take you seriously when you talk about working with Bill Gates and then immediately follow it up with "Behavioural Inertia" as if the guy who made hundreds of billions off of some of the exact industries destroying the planet wouldn't have a status quo bias?! Where is your reasoning there?
#dontwatchhigh
Funded by Gates, refuses to talk about Capitalism in a video ostensibly trying to grapple with climate disaster. If only there were a word for that....
Amazing content. I’m thinking.
an extended rant leading to nowhere, like the gates foundation itself.
Q U A L I T Y  where is quality of our lifes?
Ok Michael
Our hyperobject is overcoming ourselves.
You consistently make me think more than school
Uses logic and reasoning to conclude that logic and reasoning is flawed
How do I extra like this video
how????? michael is not an elephant????
The old Bill Gates bait and switch.
I hope a small country somewhere actually tries this out so we can see how it goes
It's a crime I didn't see this on my feed sooner
Amazing video!
balls
The premise that we live on a spinning ball in space is a fun one that’s entirely based on confirmation biases.
Never clicked so fast!!!
??? WHY did you make this video?
Jesus H. Christ Michael.  This was fantastic.
I’ve always loved ABC burgers’ specialty V-sauce.
I actually think about this all the time since i read The Prefect by Alastair Reynolds a couple years ago. In the book there is a world where this is how they make decisions. Really cool.
I have a way to broaden it I am working on.  We are a growing team.  We play a variant of chess designed to empower critical thinking in the social action theory space.   We have player groups in 4 states and 2 nations participating in out effort so far.  We were note ready to share our mission but we have an organization ask to record is and share.
I don’t know but this guy is on to something
This is the best video you’ve ever made
Drinks ayahuasca and starts tearing down the ego.
I probably learned more than school taught me this year.
I thought CO2 makes the earth hearty and bountiful
Michael for president
What you are suggesting is the comunist utopia. Policy decisions should be made at the individual level, only then you will be getting the best reasoning ever. Your deductions are totally wrong with the number guessing example...
When u started saying filter . all my life iv thinking that our mind and what we see is filter.
You had me until 05:22. I'm not supporting promotion of misanthropist, fascist technocrats like Gates and his cronies.
11:33
The bit around 13 minutes about effortlessly making rational justifications for our intuition reminds me a lot of Jonathan Haidt's book the Righteous Mind.  He has this analogy of an elephant (human intuition) and its only-somewhat-in-control rider (human reason). The analogy (and whole book) is fascinating, and tracks really well with this video.
I get Kant vibes form this one
OMG Bill Gates is a liar I grew looking up to it's Sad; everyone knows you can use bioinformatics to hash a working vaccine then just do a 1:1 test on the vac pipeline similar to how they test for copyrighted media audio or video it's literally that easy; just hash the vaccine then use blockchain technology for verification on the output of the pipeline; Oxford should do this & open-source the vaccine & denounce Bill Gates otherwise they culpable for eugenics. This is all about Royalties & IP; they're waiting for market demand to max out so they can sell well above market equilibrium then, license when it bottoms out & equalize later as a Public Relations stunt; they want to double-dip on the stock.
I was actually in a class where we did the jelly bean experiment.  I "guessed" the exact right number, so the average was not better than me.  I actually didn't guess.  I did math and figured it out really close ta dah, I was exactly right.  The point was to prove the group was better than any one person but I buggered up the professor's class.
Sounds like globalist propaganda
When really smart people try to sell to the middling-high intelligent people the idea that rule should be by the average intelligence people, it's because those smart people feel they can control the minds of the average intelligent people more easily.   There's so much flawed, and convoluted reasoning in this video that, by the time he gets to his conclusion, it's so many unjustified logical leaps from the starting axioms, many of which are false anyway, that it amounts to a Ponzi scheme. They always make them like this, so that nobody will bother taking the time to debunk the endless and hilarious convolutions.  It would take hours of writing which would not fit in the allotted comment size.
5:40 - you find out this video was commissioned by one of the richest men on the planet
Behind all the interesting social theorizing here, there is a simple message: There's no need to explain or even question whether and why Earth must get down to net zero carbon emissions because geniuses like Bill Gates have already done that for us. Our job as social reasoners is to simply agree and conform. But if you want to talk about "hyperobjects" to use Timothy Morton's term, the biggest hyperobject we face is the cancel culture which tolerates no dissent whatsoever.
Darn, it's a climate change video.        OR IS IT?  ;-)
“The” Song always hits hard with Micheal.
Yo, so this documentary series is a perfect add on to this video if you're interested https://youtu.be/eJ3RzGoQC4s  Side note, I personally believe we as a species need to find a priority, and then work towards that goal. I think the best one, that appeals to a fairly broad range of morality, is that the continuation of the human species is of the utmost importance. Not individual gain, not service to the state, not (ugh) the continuation of your 'race' or whatever. Ensuring a sustainable future for the species, that we wont go quiet into that good night, should be the bedrock of our reasoning. Idk, that's my personal take.
Such an amazing video, the last bit about choosing people at random and having them learn about stuff then deliberate to come to a conclusion or at least a recommendation is a brilliant idea 😎👍🏻🏴󠁧󠁢󠁳󠁣󠁴󠁿
Thank you, Michael, for teaching me these valuable wisdoms
Only 9 more years vsauce. Bill Gates doesn't give a shit about people.
OMG I HAVE BEEN TELLING PEOPLE ABOUT SORTITION ALLLLLLL THE TIME!!! LOTTOCRACY IS THE SAME THING
What if, in order for nature to function, any and all organisms are built with a default self destruct at its Every limit. So that, No organism be it intellectual or not are ultimately limited in the effect over nature. Such as some creatures who find themselves in a "utopia" are destined to bring about their own predators for eradication or balance. Like how we talk about "invasive" species are actually just more radically free from these constraints..but its only EVER temporary. Therefore, there does not need to be "Great Filters" at any point bc they have already been passed, but also, never achieved at the same time. I feel like comprehending this concept is why I yearn to minecraft myself without much explanation or reasoning......Reasoning?
The Ayahuasca worked
Clickbait!
i love vsauce but as soon as i heard bill gates 😣😣😣😣😣😞🔫
I got goosebumps when he said "we will all be ancients".  Always love his videos.
The selfish Globalists like Bill Gates use the word "Science" (their meaning- social science), and disguise it as natural science. They speak of science, reasoning, and logic in an effort to con the world into believing that they are masters of these discussions. The truth is that they want to eliminate 3/4 of the world's population and take everything for themselves. They are the "mad scientists" of the old science fiction books and movies, who always fail miserably because their "reasoning" is flawed; don't be fooled by their money, lavish lifestyles and fancy speech. In the end, they are no better than selfish schoolyard bullies with very evil intentions. Bill Gates and his kind need to be locked away in prisons for the global genocide they are perpetrating with their experimental gene modification injections (Wuhan flu vaccinations). The "vaccine" is taking lives faster today than the Wuhan flu did in 2020. This is why they are doing everything possible to censor all information about the dangers of the "Emergency Use Only" poison, and the deaths it's causing.
aaaaaaaaa my man using GAMESS(us) on me  3:00
I love these new type of videos 😍
HE IS BACK BOIS
10:32 , but what if Mary is a horse? she can't be married because she is a horse, but also not unmarried, because 'unmarried' would imply she could get married. I don't think there is enough information to say yes or no.
Admittedly, you almost lost me at "Bill Gates", thoughts were to unsubscribe & never watch again.   Unfortunately, current times, questioning everything is the only way to err on the side of caution (exhausting). Especially so, if you actually want to live life too. Truly wanting to understand the biggest picture of all, I suppose this is the price I am choose to pay.  Not that the research isn't interesting, I'm fascinated...it can just take over.   I used to be all or nothing. Now I want to know as much as possible to keep my babies safe and will consider beyond well beyond black & white.  After watching this video, I WANT to think that this ideation could save the heart of humanity, but it conflicts with my gut feeling that Gates is the devil himself. Now I'm wondering how this could play into the biggest picture in various ways. And how/if it is going to influence thoughts/feelings. Obviously, I need a little more time to process.   Overall, great video, it makes me think & it challenges my mind. I like it 😉🌿🌻🌿
I don’t need a eugenicist billionaire to teach me about empathy.
Fuck Bill Gates! 🙂
You have become a mouthpiece for bill  influencing the most dangerous of people’s the lazy self proclaimed intellectuals such a shame
And as always... thanks for giving us an existential crisis. ;-)
The earth is still flat amigo...
I LITERALLY GOT A FEELING TO GO ON YOUTUBE BECAUSE I HAVEN’T IN A MONTH AND I FELT DEEP INSIDE THAT VSAUCE POSTED A NEW VIDEO. AND. THEY. FUCKING. DID.
Michael,  That Greek example of juror deliberation was based on jurors who all owned property.  It is not the pure egalitarian model you and others so commonly present. Always in the implementation of the models the rich or the powerful find ways to over represent themselves for the sake of self preservation and propogation of their own kind. Mankind is sufficiently more devil than angel and therein lays the rub of the undoing of every good idea for governance.
based on what I have seen in this current century, your vid should show nothing but a giant pile of burning tires.
I think this was your best video.
Please talk about space in your next video
As we get to collaborate with more countries and the world becomes more technological we harm de planet for the worse. We have to un-walk the steps that got us to this"god-like" behavior, this trend of absolutization of power. Companies like Gates' want us to buy tones of unuseful things that deteriorate rapidly to keep society under control, the consumist is as docile as a little lamb. Population is already deacreasing fast in western countries, the real problem is consumption and capitalism. Be aware of who you listen to.  In Spain we use to say "better the known bad than the worst to know",  when something is not working that well dont try to go further.
he lost me at bill gates, and seems like many more people because this vid doesn't get the usual views
Allows for the intrinsic uneventful mind having reason. Result of looking at our narcissistic selves for too long and not at the real Reason we exist. The magnetic CME the sun has planned for us is reasonably reasonable to predict but what reason has the sun got? Because TRUTH needs no Reason.
I'm all for protecting the environment, but the idea that we need to reduce emissions to absolute zero of substances that nature releases in copious amounts is absolutely ridiculous. We just need to keep our output small enough to be insignificant, and the more nature releases, the more we can release while remaining insignificant.  Further, there are times when doing something that is generally bad, may still be a good idea during special occasions, such as the major power issues in Texas earlier this year, when turning on a few of the old coal power plants would have been really reasonable.
23:24 that background music reminded me of:  How To Count Past Infinity, minute 19:02
My sister walked on me watching this and legit thought I was in class
We're in... deepSauce! :)
Wow
This reasoning will never be implemented.  A lower population is only the solution.
Wow he rambles... what a distractor / or a little schemer  - The real source of the  problem of the world is pollution/poisons and greed, and hey no laws are put in place to stop companies producing harmful stuff to the environment and humans....   but ho´ that topic was  not the topic. Manipulative
I cannot begin to explain how much I'm thankful that this video has been made
Michael you are a genius.
have you ever wondered that somewhere in the galaxy there’s other colours but no one can imagine what they look like
Ma boy Michael comforting Bill after his divorce by saying prime numbers for 3 hrs behind the scenes
the problem is that with social network there's a trend to correlate opinions, destroying that collective intelligence. You can look at the stock market (which role's is to give a price to things by the "crowd candy bottle guess effect") and its crashes to see that effect in practice (kind of the idea with Mandelbrot and fractals, when you get to the tail of the normal law you correlate the behaviours leading a totally different probability space).
"To improve your reasoning, change your motivation." Imagine a social media platform based on this idea; one where those who most understand opposing views are the most promoted. There is some on platform currency which needs to be spent to share or promote an opinion (the more you spend on a post, the more likely other users are to see it.) There is an AI which groups users into something like ideological camps (maybe based on a number of personality traits or stances on a large set of current issues; this tech already exists.) You earn this currency by garnering likes from valuable users (high earning, think page rank) who are ideologically opposed to yourself (the more different you are from the person who likes your opinion and the more currency that person has earned, the more currency you are awarded.) Naturally, those who are motivated to have their opinions heard will attempt to game the system by writing what their "enemies" want to hear. The trick is that this will also attenuate their views somewhat, forcing them to understand the opposing view if their view is to be considered. Obviously this would need some tweaking to stave off unproductive gaming of the system and a stellar marketing campaign, but the end result could be a platform where the most informed and reasonable users are the most popular.
16.9m subs LETSSSSSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
what's with the Bill Gates name drop that didn't go anywhere?
hehe so for the majority of our existence we're going off of our intuition and saying random gibberish so that our intuition can be socially accepted cool
I can solve all climate change with nobody noticing a difference within a week. Replace all gas and oil power plants with nuclear ones, replace all diesel ships with nuclear powered ships, give bad drivers electric cars and keep the petrol and diesel cars for good drivers, problem solved.
14:38 Neuro typical neuro typical explaining.   Probably also why I am in introvert. New people are exhausting as you try to find out how they tick.
the table bends slightly when pressure is applied to it
GROUP THINK IS NOT BEST THINK!
I'm pretty sure I would have exponentially less faith in my neighbors and most people I know, that are chosen at random, making grand decisions that affect me than I would some high profile bloke that I can at least hold accountable.
I am so tired of people taking Bill Gates serious.
The death of reason will be the rebirth of humanity
Pimples:0 Blackheads:0 People who support tseries reasoning:0
Being conscious sucks, I wish I was a bear to eat fish and honey, hibernate, kill and fuck
Psyopologize
great as always! and lottocracy sounds interestion, but what is wrong with plain old direct democracy? too much burden with too many decisions? however, do we really need this constant flow of changes in politics?
no one knows how it works your not suppose to except the ones that know
Discuss tingling
Ohsome>awesome
aaannndd... at 5:33 you lost me. GG Not gonna listen to bill gates garbo.
Causality & the proverbial arrow of time are beyond the scope of this social theory. More effort should be put into definitions and choosing to use the word "reason", unless infact reffering to actual causal reasons within a particual system or case. Sounds abit too woowoo. Example: The reason why the cat is alive or dead is not the same thing as reasons for thinking of its state.
Why didn't you mention Dan Kahan and his theory? Lately I've thinking about this very topic... How people reason and how they stick to their own views against all facts and evidences? This video has shown me the way. Thanks a lot. ❣️
Also: Post hoc ergo proctor hoc.  I'll get my coat.
Google has recently provided a way to do a collective get together to debate in the way Michael discussed , by using Google's M,eet with up to 100 participants. I for one would be willing to take part in such a online meeting of minds. Anyone else?
Hume: Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them.
Err is TOTH senese I thought but I sort of don’t speak Greek
" The Wisdom of the Crowds " ?    Mass Psychosis enters the chat: " Am I a joke to you? "
This is some damn good script writing.
This is really fascinating, what I’m interested in is whether these experiments have only been done in the US or if they have tried these experiments in lots of different cultures
6.5k people were just like "nope, i don't agree"
I feel like this video was made just cause Michael couldn't convince his friend to had lunch with him.
nO My OpInIoN iS rIgHt!!
There is only one real solution which unifies both rational and irrational needs of humans and therefore all species.  Humanity must adopt a form of "Biotheism", or the reverence for the integrity, longevity, and health of the Biosphere and the human genome. This means placing ecological stewardship, and protecting the viability of our naturally evolved condition as not only sacred, but the most sacred of all values.  Whether we know it or not, all our most profound values must be founded upon this foundation, or they are in fact aberrant, and unhealthy.  This includes not only a need to reframe our theological perspectives around such values, but perhaps even more critical, to reframe our mechanistic, reductionist, materialist views which seek to enthrone not biology and the biosphere as the highest value, but our human wants and biases.  Such an aberrant view leads down the myopic, short-sighted and hubris driven practices such as geoengineering, genetic engineering, transhumanism, top-down management of the biosphere as a subcategory of human necessity, which is a fundamental inversion of the actual needs of our species, which is to recognize ourselves as a sub-category of the biosphere.
You never cease to amaze Michael, you always learn, teach and fascinate my small human brain.
Who else disliked the video the moment he mentioned collaborating with Bill Gates?
We are a hive mind: Whether or not the hive thrives or self-destructs is predicated on our ability to: Empathize with ourselves, understand ourselves, and control ourselves.
love that yall are talking about this
When it took a week to start this video because the last one gave me a mindgasm so hard my spinal cord hurt for a week
14:14 :every psychopath ever
This is a very long way of saying, "majority opinion good, minority opinion bad."
'The future of reason is having all decisions be made by a jury of random people averaging out their conclusions.'  Newsflash: this idea is not as smart as Michael makes it sound.  Michael says reasoning is actually just for socializing. Why, then, would we use collective reasoning to get truer conclusions? The point of collective reasoning isn't truth, it's socializing. It might work fine for counting jellybeans, but not for reasoning the best solution to the climate crisis. I'll take the sole reasoning of a climate scientist over the collective reasoning of a million idiots any day. Using "the past of reasoning" as the future of reasoning isn't smart.
Sellout. Unsubbed.
theres a subreddit about Lottocracy called r/Lottocracy
Thank you Vsauce
1:27 escalator scene is from Hong Kong Festival Walk? I lived there for 10 years look 100% like it.
Logic is a part of intelligence, though (as acknowledged by W.A.I.S.,) and trainable. It follows therefore that people without that training qualify as stupid, but it also implies stupid is fixable. Depending on the level of stupidity, give (or take) a bulls and cows game or Mastermind, a simple sudoku, or a more complex sudoku a day for two months. Hey, presto: no more stupidity! Hopefully..  It also means rational brain pathways can be lost if not maintained.  So use appropriate spaced repetition, and freshen up those pathways if you haven't done it for a while. I think I'm going to have to do this myself soon.  Also, your enthusiasm for Athenian democracy may be somewhat misplaced. Keep in mind courts was also decided by popular votes, something which killed Socrates, the first murder of justice I know about. Clearly the wisdom of the crowd has flaws.
Awesome. See you in 6 months, everyone!
Who made the *** subtitle?
Metal Gear Solid 2.
The background music at the beginning brings me back to being a kid, mining vespene gas.
VSAUCE, WTF have you been?
I disagree with the supposition that there are  either married or unmarried people. That information should be actually stated or there is uncertainty introduced. Or the idea that there is infered information the logician has to have to solve.
9:54 ourggjhugfjhffiu
Hey Vsause, I always wanted to know why humans seem to have the ability to detect music that is off-beat or when a piano is played on the wrong notes and so on. Is it someone we’re born with? Is it an further indication that the world we perceive and create is mathematical, meaning math is not a social construct? Is God the creator of the construct we live in? Does that also mean that the reality we live in is the unknown? And is God the word or manifestation we use to depict the reality we don’t understand? It would be cool if you could answer.
Everything Michael suggests here is the wet dream of the people who already control our world. When a group of people is capable of silencing, influencing, and controlling the population they could and already do influence "reasoning". I hope the bill gates money was worth it you sellout
Vsauce before: "Where are your fingers?" Vsauce now: "Where is your mind?"     *He's evolving*
Empathy...... I still have it. I will resonate positive.... And find the good in people. ✌️
💙
Damn. Pretty insightful. I connected so many of those points to my own experiences.
Just amazing.
Global reset, let’s goooo
*watches in intelligence agencies*
i think cartman in Southpark had a awesome-o-meter
Not that it is dangerous to practisise the idea of you, but its very dangerous to establish it
What I wrote a couple months ago: "I think some latent flaws in humans are awakened by advancing technology."
“In partnership with Bill Gates.”   Miss me with that shit.
Why do people continually crap on about emissions, climate change etc etc etc and refuse to tackle the topic of population growth?!  If you truely believed emissions is so important then why not tackle the topic of root cause, the number of people  Fertility rates are failing off a cliff as is marriage rates, so the population S curve will be reached faster than anticipated
I feel like this video is actively trying to make me stupid by undermining concepts like logic and reasoning. No wonder this was sponsored by Bill Gates.
Random, annoying background music makes this otherwise interesting video unpleasant to watch. Why do producers think it's necessary? Thumb down.
SOOOooo Jury duty but for the government?
why did people unlike there is no  Reason to unlike the video
If you are really concerned about future residents of Earth, then let Earth be what  it is, and stop adding so much crap that changes it.
Vsauce always leaves a massive smile on my face. Michael is the best
You actualy blow my mind. Wonderfull. Thanks.
Hey viisaus 👋
I often found my opinions to be irrational and biased on different social issues, and of course it is. It's easy to just stay inside of an bubble, where all I encounter is people with the same view as I. And it's difficult to talk to people outside of the bubble, to acknowledge the fact that I might be wrong.  That why I found the idea of "reasoning is a group activity" fascinating. It showed me a path to become a better problem solver, and a better reasoner. So I am considering ditching some social media and have more discussion in the real life instead. Thanks for this awesome video Michael :)
ALSO We are the longest running animals.... Completely missed on what we do best.
15 minutes in and haven't learned anything I haven't already thought about on my own...
the issue ii think are power structures in general, the state governing people insted of people governing themselves on basis of good reasoning which mus be based on universal human rights; the problem is still capitalism standing in the way of that. in and out groups etc.
Sounds like 50% of us are idiots that need reprogramming. Thanks for proving supremacy theories.
What if Mary is engaged or a widow? HUH?
What is a "HyperObect?" Idiots
HOW ABOUT YOU GIVE US TIME TO PAUSE THE VIDEO? I hate having a question answered for me just because I'm thinking. Waste of my time.  For fucks sake
Just wanted to say - yes all elephants ARE awesome
This channel is so next level. It’s amazing that I get to enjoy this content for free.
True independence is a lie
21:31 would be really nice if that were true. we must face the reality that democracy is not intact.  the idea of a lottocracy is interesting, but it also has weaknesses and I don't quite see the point. imagine a climate change denier being picked to make a momentous decision on it. and when you said "learn from experts" you made the whole idea moot because we are right back at the original issue of a small group making decisions. after all, it's not possible for experts to communicate their knowledge without bias, so ultimately, those chosen "experts" would have all the influence. no, instead of a lottocracy, I'd say a direct form of democracy void of political representation makes much more sense. and perhaps the most important part is that it has to become the dominant model not just for governments, but for companies, too.
He's just testing a recipe for boiled brains
The wisdom of crowds is cool and all but example respect to the Salem Witch Trials or with respect to slavery it's clearly not 100%
vsauce working with bill gates? ... Why? What have you done Michael?
Of course Bill Gates has a book about "climate disaster/change". Don't fall for this crap. Also ask yourself what does he have to do with this?
Hey Vsauce! Propaganda here.
2:50 Half-Life 3 confirmed!
Damn, this channel is timeless
POV youre Vsauce's wife when she asks why you're upset
Thank you!!!
How can we make this happen though?
I think that the problem with lottocracy would be that where is the line between the politicians and the people?  How do we choose what decisions will be made by politicians and which will be made by people? If we will let politicians make the big decisions then there will be a lot of people who will riot. They will think that there is some conspiracy behind that. We are living in the golden age of false news, false statements and stuff like that.  Our society is way too underdeveloped for lottocracy. But it’s said that our society is still a “teenager”. If you think about all of the confusions, riots, rebellions then it seems pretty logical.   Maybe our grandkids will be testing this thing called lottocracy.
if study computer science you love this video
@1:30 he means that the community
The experiment at 13:00 makes no sense. They show pictures of random people and ask the subject to make nearly random judgements between them, then argue that the inability to remember which were chosen and which were rejected proves that we’re not rational? Have I misunderstood the experiment somehow?
Someone else had to pay for us to have this video.....😒
Whatever reasons they need to give to shift everyone into their will, they will give. Whatever it takes to control all energy production, they will do.
11:34 "I am not an elephant" :o
Natural selection has a filter, the veil is lifted through spiritual ascension. That is what the ancients were trying to tell the damned. What people don't realize is that ascenson is a physical biological process moving energy through the spinal column to activate the pineal gland. This creates an empathic communication not only to people, but the physical world around you as well. There is no great God in the sky that will make you feel high. It is entirely up to you. And while you are pointing fingers, someone else is judging you. Judgement stops when we stop judgment, or let's call it reason.  Let light be you guide.
Eh... Partnering with Bill Gates? Sorry Vsauce I love you guys but Gates is one dodgy person. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=fg0c2x74mgU
Disappointed to see you're on the Global warming bandwagon.
Bruh bill gates buys beach front property while telling us the worlds going to end in 7 years. Hes not a man of reasoning
Idea of lottocracy is great! or is it? You see in the world of lottocracy the minorities would lose their voice complitly you could say it's the middleground of middlegrounds but still people disabled would have to hope that at least half of people that will be chosen or will represent them... which seems unrealistic.
Lottocracy, like any form of govt, will have its good and bad side to it. As always, good points discussed, Michael.
I think he just proved his own point. Multiple perspectives are needed on everything. Just look at the comments and see what his perspective gave to us on most of our modern problems. Only Vsauce could have a perspective like that
Goddammit I fucking love this channel.
Damn I missed Vsauce when I heard the old Vsauce score I got chills
Lottocracy - some might ridicule it, but taking a look at the kind of people we elect into office, a random selection would likely raise the average IQ of the government.
Where can I find the bibliographic reference saying that for the next 4 decades the world will build the equivalent of a New York City every month?
Yea! Another shill for Bill Gates!
What if the meaning of reasoning wasn’t to reason but to tell
plot twist: out modern world is actually a computation engine, constantly bombarded with random crises so our creators can fin out how to solve them IRL
EXCELLENT EPISODE !
stop calling me Shirley!
We use conclusions to come to reason.
Honestly disclosing the bill gates sponsorships is bad in these kinda vids cause the bill gate big bad conspiracy crowd are the ones who need it most, so presenting it from independent perspective would probably be more helpful for getting action on climate change from all corners of society
Having reasons is racist!!
Micheal: “Makes a Statement”:   Michael: ......”Or Is It”?
why do we want to believe one person can do everything?
it does feel like echo chambers are becoming more common we must argue
This is a case *for* decentralized anti-fragile frameworks like Mutual aid societies or “benefit societies”
A lot of folks feeling attacked... Unreasonable reasoners.
14:13 people with asperges have left the chat
Since the social context is part of the local reality; what if a group of n is /sufficient/ for driving a strategy with enough accuracy while a group of n+1 people would be unstable and prone to splits while not providing enough accuracy gain to motivate the risk of splits? In this case a technological salvation in the form of increased ability to cooperate with greater efficiency would indeed be the only option for bringing more people together. Of course, such tech would also improve the ability for killing all opposing groups and take their resources because you now are better at cooperating (ie get higher accuracy on more complex plans). Hmm, is there an equilibrium in growing together while making moderate amount of war?
9:31 "If reasoning is so great Why isn't there a reasoning 2?"
Fake news is dividing us as a species and very few people recognise it, because it is used as a modern weapon to unstablise a targeted nation and also, we are made unaware of.
"we release 51 billion tonnes of such gases" and there is a certain country that makes up the largest percentage of that one that absolutely refuses to do anything about it
Very insightful, and raises a lot of interesting points and angles. Thank you for this.
23:43 the modern dilemma
i fucking hate that BOTH sides can just point at the other & go 'no YOU'RE doing confirmation bias! no, Vsauce is talking about YOU!'
Ahhh... A daily dose of cocaine
Getting powerful McKenna vibes here, Micheal is doing what sorely needs doing, attempting to look at the barriers between us and find effective, delicate, subtle ways of bringing them down. This thought also bleeds into Petersons work in the sense that it is the individual that is first. We have been disempowered, we have no history, we have no  sense of global collectivity, we no not how we got here or where we're going. Vsauce is the prime example of what the internet embodies, a personalized individual lifetime spent in search of the mystery of being, yet simultaneously benefitting the collective through the medium of technology. But be careful, always remember that you are the primary source of your own knowing. All of us have in some degree in some dimension an obligation to push boundaries and discover meaning, but bring that meaning back into the collective. When you first discussed mind in the opening of the video Michael, I immediately thought of Terrence Mckenna. Pls my friends, do some research here. It's easy to veer off here into very flaky discussion and ideas, but the mystery is always beyond grasping. Notice friends that we are emotional and intuitional creatures BEFORE reasoning and logical ones. We need to follow the intuitional and emotional field and push that through the siv of reasoning and logic, but we do need both. Anyways, thank you you as always Vsauce team. You truly are a guiding light and a voice worth listening too ♥️
Time to unsubscribe from Vsauce methinks. The last thing I need right now is more bullshit about climate change and a lecture from a computer nerd turned unelected self appointed world leader. Bill Gates, Klaus Schwab, Tony Blair and all their cronies are very dangerous people.
Unfortunately nowadays reason and logics are completely out the window, and wokeness and feelings are what matters, humanity is taking the fast lane to extinction through stupidity.
But Michael IS an elephant because he is awsome
I get the Amish now.
Hyperobjects are good for people who lacks God in their lives :(
Why I'm an Anarchist: The Video
Lets vote to make "Technospient" a real thing studied in books!
Taking rich people's idea about saving the planet is anti-intellectual. There's no fucking way Bill Gates and Elon Musk know anything. It's their army of workers you should have talked to.
Sad to see you convert to GlobaWarmianism:( I was sure you can see through it
Unfettered growth is the real great filter. All things in moderation.
I was expecting an existential crisis, but left with a newfound love of sortition.
We need more of your videos Vsauce.
Thank you for this
I had to watch the video again to remember just to forget
11:17 All cheeses have holes. The more cheese you have the more holes you have. Therefore, the more cheese you have, the less cheese you have. OR ASLO. From an economic point of view, rare things are expensive. A cheap horse is rare. Therefore, a cheap horse is expensive.
Stop with the Bill Gates asshole environmental California crap and stick with the science that everyone agrees on. Ask all the scientists that didn't sign that climate change bullshit and tried to get their names removed but couldn't for threat of losing their professorships. There's no evidence that there are mmore storms now than 100 years ago. We didn't even have recording for all the storms that happened.
Bill Gates is literally throwing chemicals into the atmosphere intentionally as you say the goal is 0% emissions....
Was recommended this video because Tim Morton gets a mention, but gosh this is a messy essay. With a bunch of poorly assorted academic references, it flips the hyperobject definition around to not be about unknowability and the hubris of exclusive belief in reason, but posits hyperobjects as being just another big thing we humans can know and get a handle on, if we only avoid cognitive fallacies by reinventing the wheels of scientific consensus and representative democracy. Those two institutions already exist, and fixing their corruptions requires (to Morton and co.) a better appreciation of the philosophical, critical, and playful approaches, besides the predominant modernist reasoned approach to things. Morton and co. are very specific about how to think and act differently, and how presently possible and already practiced those ways of thinking/acting are, rather than them being dreams of some future utopia. Calling those other ways of thinking and informing action (philosophy, criticism, experimental play...) merely "the future of reason", the latter defined here mostly as 19th century positivist facts and logic, is muddling and conflating definitions and leads to no real conclusion at all?  Lots of good fragments of lipservice to other thinkers and science folk though. Good stuff to look up, though I'd wish mr. sauce and his writers (?) had better integrated and collated all his sources into something coherent and meaningful. Especially for a tube channel this big.
haha... you lost me the second you brought our Bill Gates version of reasoning... but loved the thought exercise...
The elephant in the brain is a great book on this subject
bill gates: literally has the funds to change the world and help stop the climate disaster also bill gates: writes a book as if it will help and acts like it isn't just performative
your narration is always awesomely spine chilling
Thank you for the video. It is really intriguing.... I'd like to know more about the theory behind lotocracy...
"In total we release about 51 billion tons of such gases every year - and we need to release - zero." Re-thinking? Worked for me. Decided to re-think watching the rest of this video... and didn't.
Interesting to see a video mentioning Bill Gates that didn't attract a horde of conspiracy nutbars in the comments section. There must have been some 5G happening at the time distracting them.
We are Legion.
Invest in commodities
I'll remember this guy forever
1:57 Or is it?
Imagine amount of difficult literature he had to read to put out this Youtube video. I would love to have references for every claim he made, since it's video about reason.
5:48 ohhhhh shit the song came onnnn
To contribute an opinion, the future of reasoning will be non-existent. There will be no reasoning in the future. Whether we reach a civilization where we become one mind or a civilization that we have rulers who decide things for us, reasoning will become inefficient, redundant, or even a taboo. This all boils down to what I call behavioral entropy, where emotions are extinguished and all are equal and the same. We can see some signs now where opinions become offensive, meanwhile, what is new and non-conventional, destroying the traditions, becomes the modern setting. Remember when Michael said that an individual's opinion is inaccurate, but the mean of that shared opinion from many individuals becomes accurate? That is what's happening, the climax is arriving. There's no conclusion to reach, there is always debate. Social Equilibrium where everyone thinks the same thing is on its process of creation. Once all the opposing sides collide, creating sparks, fire, and destruction, either the bigger eats the small or a compromise will be reached. There will be peace, but at the same time, there will be nothingness. There is no contrast, no light nor dark, but only gray. This will start on the bigger scale with the help of the internet. Then from the world to a continent, from a country to a city, from a house to an individual. The decision or the compromise have yet to be concluded as this process will take a very very long time, even centuries. However, by the time our civilization reaches that point, reasoning will disappear together with emotions and maybe, even communication. What is the point of socializing if everyone thinks the same and acts the same as you do? That's how it will just happen. There's a price for everything, the law of exchange. We are part of nature, therefore, just like how the universe will end not with a bang due to entropy, so are we.  Edit: This is just an opinion with no extensive research, thank you for your time :)
I am the ancient one
Bill Gates money, great
Do you subscribe to Waking Up by Sam Harris?
Is it really the case that people do not get an occasion to debate nowadays? Or is it that we do, but when we do, every side just keeps reaffirming their own view? We could ask ourselves why that's the case. A very good point in the video, that "if everyone else was just using logic, everything would be fine" is a very limited view, but it didn't take us far enough. People need to learn to understand and respect emotions. Because when someone feels a certain way, that is a fact. This is the real barrier to "reasoned debates". This is especially for people crticising the "fake news" state of the world, who love to value "reason" above how others feel, to learn.
2:59 my brain at 3 am
Something that wasn't mentioned was lying. People can have an incentive to lie to the detriment of others. Then, conversation can be used to manipulate, so in turn other people are paranoid about others fooling them, so they shut down to themselves and don't like to discuss things. Also, people don't like getting told they are wrong for some reason, so they get really emotionally invested in an argument like their life depends on it. That seems like an issue.
Why isn't stuff like this , critical thinking , taught at a school level  ( It wasn't in my time at least - is it today ? ) Edit: literal goosebumps watching this video - especially towards the end.   Thank you Michael.
Michael: ' I am not an elephant ' Logic: Therefore... I am not cool :(
Hy Michael, what do you prepare for us in the future, another season of mind field?
The next video is just gonna be "shut up and do communism!"
If reason comes from available information, isn't it crucial to consider where the majority get their information? If one was to reverse engineer reason by curating information for the masses (mainstream media/social media ect) one could hijack the process to produce a desired result, correct?
Coupon!
Water vapor is a dangerous gas?  I need to stop drinking tea!
"Whether a species can extend their empathy can be the Great Filter"
Oh noes! How would a technologically hyper-advanced civilization will ever cope with...a slightly higher probability of storms and droughts! 🤔
Freaking loving this video, I've been thinking about all this stuff lately. Dang.
How to reduce the emissions of the factories? Outsource the factories to the Moon!
7:29 Shri Krishna
What a great video and I just met Kialo, the platform for rational debate, yesterday. This must be a sign
“Yeah, well, you know, that’s just, like, your opinion, man.” - Jeff “the Dude” Lebowski
I think you saved America Micheal
This is the best youtube channel. This is how youtube should look like, instead it's full of garbage, but treasures can be found inside this garbage dump, and this is vsauce.
16:33   And endurance running. We are some of the best species on endurance running
14:15  Soms people actually do do that consciously, because the brain didn’t invest in developing that system   Tbh  Inferring that everyone does that is ableist towards people with autism It would be better to say that it means most people, as there are exceptions
A HyperObject like Nazis trying to stifle evolution. "Climate Disaster" you mean the Global Warm-onger by all those nukes going off? There is so much bitch like behavior in this video. This video should have been about the evils of opterant conditioning necromancy, heuristical logic exploits, assertivism mutual assured destruction, and the NLP agenda.
cancel culture idiots on twitter need this video so badly
2011 all over again
thank you for this video
I have literally never heard of a lottocracy but what a wild idea, yeesh
ye
A lottocracy sounds very interesting and I think it would be quite effective even possibly at a larger scale, but WHO controls the random selection? If it's possible for a jury and or judge to be bought out or "personally" selected by one of the sides in a court case and politicians at any level, so to can the randomly selected people for the lottocracy.
You make Youtube worth it. They should be grateful.
Did anyone notice how his watch keeps appearing and disappearing!!!???
Meaningful words spoken here
i feel like i wasn't allowed to watch this because i would know the secret
Every fucking time.. Thanks V sauce for reminding me that not constantly adapting makes me stupid. The end of this made me cry, when you hear people articulating thoughts you've cultivated like they were the last tomato
took me a bit. but I now understand the married/unmarried puzzle after a few minutes of thinking -.-° not quite immediately though.
Sounds like Vsauce is a fan of big brother making our decisions for us since we are apparently unreasonable.
You know what doesn't have reason? " Justice " I can throw myself out the window call 9-11 and just say that the guy below me did this to me and he'll go to Jail for a long time   where is your reasoning now huh?
Ah, yes, Pepe Sylvia. He doesn't exist, but he's everywhere.
14:13 so i guess he's not autistic then
a video packed with many REASONS that many things are wrong in this world, cuz its not often about reasoning its about money and power... and a true honest discussion about facts is sometimes hard when some scientists are corrupt and paid to state false information so that the outcome is that what some powerful person wanted it to be. i like the idea of tha randomness that surely could give better results than this where only the billionaires do everything they want and if they do it wrong... well heck delete that information with all the power you got so that only the good parts of you show true... (like gates... wasnt he on "child pleasure island" with his millionaire friend who tortured a lot of children... then his friend killed himself and his wife stated it all after she was sent to prison... wonder what the REASON was to go on that private island) if the people would be all like vsauce it would be great but sadly theres only one vsauce ever born
How can i add turkish subtitles to this video ?
Nice, the first city shown growing is las vegas
Anyone wants to actually discuss the video instead of memes like the rest of the comments? I want to seek more knowledge and thoughts about the subject  but i don't know where to start...
All fun and games till you realise hes actually a ancient god
A lot of these same topics are touched on in Moral Tribes by Joshua Greene. Super interesting stuff
The issue is tolerance, people are not torerant of thoughts that aren't the same as theirs, which unfortunately leads to people shouting
Bill gates is a monster
new vsauce video, new existential crisis
The insinuations to political figures and the leftist ideology is very evident in this video, sad to see from what i thought was an unbiased science channel
“We will all someday be the ancients” yes, as long as we cut down on those emissions you were talking about. If not, we might not be ancient to that many people.
How? Ecosocialism.
https://youtu.be/NjuX3RHKPZE
This is proof that YouTube content can have actual value. Even if it's just a guy sitting and talking to the camera for 30 minutes.
Reasoning = algorithm
Thanks so much for sharing.   😎👌🏼
fuck ya dog! well said
Its a bleak future
you’re actually arriving to the opposite conclusion from Zizek
What a great video
Great job Michael you've earned awesome elephant status
Sometimes out of frustration I want Michael to be wrong, but he knocked this so far out of the park I'm going to not be back till the 11th inning fetching it.
This is a great argument for conservatism. Based on time tested principles.
When Michael said that you don’t actually analyze people’s individual body movements and body language to come to conclusion that they’re upset, he obviously doesn’t have bpd.
I respect the hell out of this channel and won't stop watching but goddamn does it piss me off seeing bill gates here. Who the fuck cares about intellectual property and profig in the middle of a global pandemic.
AKA: his telling all the Libs to leave their eco chamber.
This was a fantastic video. We need to end online censorship and banning. We need to bring ALL voices into the space and be willing and vulnerable enough to modify bad ideas, even when they're our own.
This was pretty good until you said Bill Gates.
Never thought vsauce would bring a better political system. This is enlighten scientificism
Man doing what is right in his own eyes. Better to fear God and keep his commandments.
"Or is it?.." only took two minutes. Love it!
this is the best vsauce video in history and i’ve been watching since 9 y/o. 20 y/o now. gods bless and stay true everyone we will change and get better! get on the same page the best we can! we have a planet to help! we always did! tick tock! - a future dr and present thinker ❤️
I Love Your Work! All the good things to you!
That song made my childhood. (The one kevin played at the end of Mind blows)
International Collaboration Days sounds like such a great idea omg
the collective consciousnesses, all our minds are connected throughout the ether
eh i still belive that its technological progress that will give us sthe power to not worry about things like climate, i mean i hope it will come fast enough ;d/:D
"Hey Vsauce! Michael here!" are the words that make my day
"..guides us to less suffering"  I could use a little less of that right now
New Vsauce video : Win Click and see it's 30 min long : Double win I need to go get a fresh drink and snack for this one and enjoy it properly...  Edit: Just finished the video and realized just how much I miss the old Vsauce... This was a great video and felt a lot like one from about 3-4 years ago... One can only hope we start getting more episodes like this on a more regular basis...
VSauce is one of the most valuable (to humanity) channels on YouTube.
My brain is also a blob ty for noticing uwu *Pin and favorite you wont :)*
That was really good. I love the conclusion at the end!
BRO, I literally designed a campaign for uni that's exactly what the recommendations at the end of this video were. It has to be about civil discussions. Plus it takes people out of the global social media platforms and makes them focus on the logic and resonaning that their own environment needs. Nice vid!
Hello! I don't think this would be seen by Michael, but I hope someone who can help me with this can contact with me, i'm currently in Colombia, I would like to contact with a human rights defender somehow, since from my country it's impossible at the moment, people are being killed by the government in protests, it's stones and sticks against guns, they are shooting at us, there is no resistance, they are censoring everything, we need help and the police cannot help us because they are the killers, we need international help #soscolombia I would like to give further information to whoever can help me. Hundreds are missing, more than 40 people have been killed by the police, girls have been assaulted by police and anti-disturb agents
Wish I could talk like this in my expositions
There's a general problem with all these cognitive experiments though, in that the stakes are really low for the participants, and the reasoning takes place over a short time. When it comes to things that matter, we might think quite differently, and when we think about things on multiple occassions over time, in different moods each time, etc, we might perform in a qualitatively different way... This is the same issue as with IQ tests, which test for "sprint" capacity, when most of the really important intellectual work is more like a marathon.
You're a role model Michael
i dont get why there are dislikesssss
...and greater than universe existence god...Enter Human...enter woman...and "Enter MAN"... without Uber animal The "MAN", universe existence god...unable to create the "Wheel"! "Man" greater than god existence universe. Thus Spoke Zarathustra from PERSIA ArmeniA Israel with Passion
Not sure what to say. I’ll just subscribe. 👏
Vsauce for PRESIDENT
"Hyperobjects" typo in the description.
I was thinking why does the video feel like propaganda. When he mentioned his boyfriend Bill it all became clear...
30,000th comment
Hey Vsauce can you do one on crispr?
5:47 there it is! hehe
All that concrete poured on new lands that will no longer bank carbon....   But let's demonize agriculture
Michael is basically explaining why small government and somewhat classical liberalism are good, solid ideals in this if you interpret it through a political lens
Turn up
I'm not as good at pattern recognition as I thought I was.
Bill Gates does not want rational logical individual problem solvers. If the wold had this, we would soon realize that the Covid-19 Virus was never purified or isolated. We would learn that it makes no sense to take an experiment by proven criminals as a "vaccine". We would learn that we are being lied to at ever turn by Gates, and his friends. Reasoning is too risky because reality can be cruel. We avoid the truth because it's easier to go along with lies. Most people do and as a result there is little opposition. It takes balls to seek out the truth because you might not like what you find.
11:00 stop youre scaring me to much in the span of 20 seconds
What was the reason for the background music?  It seems like a form of manipulation.  I became distracted after about ten minutes, and gave up watching shortly after.  Is the content too boring to stand on its own?
why is there some illuminati down outing this man's videos??? guess they just don't like the raw nature of reality
This might be the best video you've made Michael, and that's saying a lot.
lately music a little too loud ... harder to perceive speech than before
As always, thanks for this video!
Just incredible. At a lecture, after 30 minutes - even if the subject is among your favourites -, you start unpleasantly moving and checking your watch. Here, after 30 minutes: "the end already???".
*WE LIVE IN A SOCIETY*
Pure Poison PROPAGANDA. I CAN SEE YOU!!!
What about 91mi (5%) of well educated and tested people, in different ranks of knowledge, experience and merit, and divided in directed groups, decided accordingly to the size of the decisions? Well, that's the Communist Party of China.  That's much safer than giving radomly eventually huge decisions to people that might do a big booboo.
You’ve reasoned me into believing in your vision for the future of human society. The hive mind seems to be achieved by the collective need of survival, and not by the hierarchical model we have confirmed ourselves to believe. If I could vote on this model, I would.
Waaaay out in the water. See it swimming?
Climate change is real. Humans causing it to happen significantly faster is utter bullshit. Bill Gates doesn't give a flying fuck about you.  Cool video overall though.
I just saw starship land. In the comments there began a rush of people from all over the world, saying Jeff who? As in Jeff Besos. It was a chilling example of group  think.
Excellent
Bill Gates, yuck.
political action
Amazing video. Keep up the fantastic work!
coupon!
What's on the picture at 6:27?
I never thought I’d spend two hours reading and reacting to the comments of a single YouTube video, but here we are.
Someone found Emboided cognition
2:15 "Outside the United States" AKA China
Dam I got it right
i wanna see michael rage
vsauce is the epit0me 0f stupid questi0ns @vsauce
PUppet
It's fascinating that a lot of the explanations & examples you give are interpretations themselves. In a way the video is just reasonings about reasoning.
So basically what for a second seemed like it was going to be a plug for Bill Gates´ latest book, turned out to be the complete opposite, although as is to be expected from an intellectual channel such as Vsauce - the whole thing was done in an indirect and thought-stimulating way. Loved it!   But having said the above, I'd like to be more direct for a second, and lean on human psychology when doing so. - Basically, the reason why Bill Gates, and many like him, are audacious enough to think they know what's best when it comes to big problems, is because they are winning at the "biggest-game-in-town", namely the accumulation of wealth, which has incorrectly led them to assume that they somehow are more suited than the masses to conjure up the answers to our biggest problems. In other words: They are suffering from "delusions of grandeur", because their psychology is making them infere that because they won the game that everyone's been programmed to uncritically and selfishly partake in - surely they must be smart and worthy enough. Which brings me to my main point. - We need a reconditioning of values to take place if we are ever to be able to commence a sustainable way of living on this planet. And the only way to do this is by removing the threat of poverty that according to studies holds us all from operating at maximum level. A BIG or Basic Income Guarantee, meaning a guaranteed minimum economic floor to start from each month with no strings attached, would be the key that gets us moving in the right direction, making it possible for all to pursue their true passions - as well as eliminating the IQ-depriving mindset of scarcity. Overtime, we would all feel more connected to each other as well, and a solidarity among strangers would automatically lead to a self-reenforcing/self-law-upholding social fabric, whereas the current mindset of scarcity creates both doubt and an attitiude of "everyone is my competitor" - as well as a greater propencity for close-minded primitive, IQ-deprived and desperate thinking, which essentially is what crime is. After this, it is easier to see how it would become much easier for us all to realize how we're all in the same boat, and getting people to care about bigger issues such as climate change would no longer be nearly as big of a challenge.  If you found any of this interesting, feel free to check out the following Instagram account: BigCookie   To those who took the time to read, thank you! And have a nice day.
How do we get rid of the woke left once and for all?
v-sauce explains the American politic system
#MichealForPresident
Ah, Vsauce. A true Ah, Yes. YouTuber
Stop arguing for communism you'll give people ideas. Bill gates didnt pay you for that.
0:05 clearly it's in the ocean and I see it swimming
Seems like the problem is billions of years of rewarding competition and then asking everyone to suddenly change it to a team sport. Nobody wants to because "It's worked fine so far" like those people that advocate for beating their kids because they themselves were beaten and turned out "fine".
Hey vsicue mocheal here
I would love to meet Michael irl just to listen to him all day long
Haven't finished yet but the mary paul and peter example is also based on assumptions like marriage being a tangible thing that everyone can agree on
Thanks for the vid
This is the only channel my boomer dad will ever watch on YouTube. Any other channel I try to show him and he’ll say it isn’t his thing or he’s too old for it. But he likes, “the bald science guy.”
Michael! I missed you.
VSauce is just and simply fantastic
This channel is basically a big tutorial on how to be woke.
Recently started thinking about how we are practically at the dawn of the internet age. Like instead of some black and white crusty ass photo of grandma you'll have high quality videos and photos. All our posts on the internet will outlive us and eventually you'll be able to see what previous generations did and thought in glorious HD.
sus that bills apart of this but im not disappointed in the information given
The intensity of background music suggests you want to get rid of the audience.
Lets start a zoom room and have a reasoning sesh. Anyone down? Discord works too.
the thesis here seem to be that a failure of reason has lead to people believing crazier/less rational/less justifiable things, and this must be solved by changing how we discuss ideas, but I don't think it's true that people have become crazier by listening to internet people who they agree with; I think this is just the latest expression of the way people have always worked, i.e. in groups of people like themselves
Vsauce is now part of the Bill Gates propaganda machine? Hasn't he destroyed enough already?
Why does this feel oddly nostalgic
Spotted this on the day of release. 6 days later I felt I was mentally prepared for a vsause.  I'm glad I waited. V good.
wow bill  gate sis dead dude, i bet you neevr talked to him on the phone, if u did it was an actor lol bill gates is dead for his vaccine crimes bro , Guantanamo bay and iraq war MIC are not conspiracies
4:00 HOW DO YOU COORDINATE EVERYONE? elon musk
Another amazing video! Insane!
The thumbnails on this channel are so good that I just keep clicking on different vsauce videos without even watching them.
Imagine getting an hour worth of information and mind blow in the first 10 minutes, while staring down the barrel of the remaining 20.
There is a huge problem in equating personal well being with  the expansion / growth of communication, electricity, transportation, economics, etc..  As long as that muth exists, we will be blinded to fixing the various problems on earth and in the mind, including reasoning.  The concept of Lottocracy has a fantasynatteaction.  Is that why it will not get supported?   Elections are horrible means to obtain reason and thoughtful decision making.
Kinda requires a willingness to empathize with those giving biased reason... fundamental truths need to be recognized as such despite reasoning. My vision of a future utopia differs from others... I wanna save the forests others are waiting for the damn biblical rapture... my reasoning is a completely different animal
imagine this man living in the 1800s
reality check - mob rule is no picnic.
reality check: most civilizations had plenty of people who got together and did a lot of reasoning. They also mostly collapsed and apocalypsed themselves. That is the norm - and 'reasoning' gets them there.
Ahhhh Michael, I missed you - I had been unsubscribed since 2016, but im back now.
Bill Gates is a scoundrel and a demon!
lottocracy - may sound enticing at first, but I bet it would quickly devolve to something that could be summed up by paraphrasing Stalin: "it doesn't matter which randomizer elects, what matters is who feeds it the random seed".
the gross oversimplification at the start was off putting.    Minds manifest from brains.    tech and books, they serve as extensions of as aspect perhaps but they arent you until your mind interacts with them and even then allowing this train of thought to lead you to 'the brain is just mush' is a huge blunder.
Did You ask Bill when will he stop flying in one of his private Jets that emit more CO2 than thousands of people, every year to save the planet?
Since human society is a complex dynamical system each person's every action partially determines the state of the world.
Good luck convincing someone to spend an indeterminate amount of time serving as a politician when they were probably happy living their life without that hassle. And if you let people opt out then bias is introduced.
stopped watching when i seen "in partnership with bill gates"
Yo Michael you got a patreon or cash app bruh. You just dropped all this wisdom on my ass and all i got to show for it is a like and a share. You deserve more credit than that for this
Michael desperately needs shrooms - they have the answers, they hold the keys. On a less serious note, the experiment where the participants must choose who they would prefer to work with is FLAWED. It does NOT suggest they were wrong in their judgement. They are NOT telling the experimenter good things about someone they had decided looked bad. The LESS preferable choices they are describing are inevitably MORE preferable than some others would be. All they are doing is telling what they DO LIKE in those unchosen people. They had never said they don't like them. All they said they liked the other more. Why can't others see this?
I have confirmation bias, but I was looking for studies about it and couldn't find anything!
i wish michael was choosing the path for my cuntry
Love this! Lottocracy? Sounds like it might be better than democracy, where up to 50% of voices can simply be dismissed. I'd love to see Sociocracy instead - where decision-makers are nominated (not voted) based on how well they fit the role, not how much money they have. It's a much different process, and would mean that those elected to roles have interest and expertise for making decisions in the area they're elected to. I don't know about others, but I'd rather be making decisions about things I know something about, than be randomly selected for decisions I'd first have to learn a lot about.
Excellent as usual
Deliberating as a whole sounds great, but we can't even get past censoring people we don't like.   When the duly-elected sitting president and half his followers get scrubbed from the internet overnight, for instance, you know we're going in the wrong direction...
I think your reasoning on this topic was flawed and plainly wrong, Michael. jk, it was a great video.. or was it?! :-o *Vsauce "twist" music starting*
Fk Bill Gates!
I'm waiting for the day when philosophy classes will review Youtube videos in the middle of all the classics :D
Wow!!!!!
A great video, but I feel like it misses some points on the structural problems we face in addressing these issues.  Sure, different democratic systems could improve our social decision-making, but what about those large corporations Michael mentioned who, well, wouldn't want to give up their direct access to the reigns of power? Or the tremendous wealth that they can gain through fossil fuels and other ecologically degrading industries? I would like to know if Gates' book actually talks about what political steps can be taken right to address the questions of political power to solve the problem, because they seem just as important as having the reasoning capacity to solve the problem.
Who even dislikes this video, like really....
Bill Gates was good friends with Epstein. Creepy vibes.
The development of philosophy is the development of the depth, width and most importantly,  trueness, of knowledge toward people as we are.
It is a pity when such great content is self-defeated by association with someone that the tinfoil-hat community is already opposed to and by already sidelining all the flat-earthers by including Eratosthenes - when particularly those groups of people could benefit the most thru some lottocratic thinking
I watched this video in what felt like 5 minutes only to realize that 30 minutes has passed.
God is love. He gave his only begotten son to die for your sins, he laid down his own life just for you, that's how much he loves you. Want to be saved? Say Dear Lord Jesus, I know that I am a sinner, and I ask for Your forgiveness. I believe You died for my sins and rose from the dead. I turn from my sins and invite You to come into my heart and life. I want to trust and follow You as my Lord and Savior.
Amazing video, thanks man
How does Michael manage to talk about The Great Issues Of Our Time without leaving me depressed?
sussy
Techno-Sapiens. Love it
https://youtu.be/CwsiDyvcjto
so decentralized and randomized lotacracy is the future of political governance!
The return of the king.
12:18 "Since the scientific study of human reasoning began about a hundred years ago" Aristotle would like to talk to you Vsause. Why do people listen to this numb skull?! Bill Gates is now a climate change scientist?! The guy can't even keep his wife. Pure Kantian looney tunes, that devolves into utilitarianism.
The average reasons from people watching the news..
I feel like this video was uploaded just for me.
I've been saying stuff similar to this for years, especially in regards to the political sphere. You explained this so eloquently. How do we start getting these processes in place in all levels of government? Do you have any ideas how we could account for the experts biases for wanting to promote their own ideas and solutions?
It seems to me that humans have been making this collective decision making not just for themselves, but for all life on earth. I don't believe human beings at this stage are wise enough to know what's good for a tree, a bird, a whale, or any other living being.
collab with bill g? hope that was a joke brodawg....
Bring on the Lottocracy. I have thought that for ages. It’s so comforting to hear someone else say it. I guess that’s the internet for ya. We just have to find a way to make it happen.
Can someone pls tell me the name of the song playing from about 8:20-10:00!!
Here's a mind F for you.  If we destroy the planet, that's bad, right?  Pollution is bad.  Anything that leads to more trees being on fire, loss of atmosphere, the evaporating of our oceans, the death of all life in the sea.... these are bad things, yes?  Okay, good.  Is the sun *_bad?_*  The sun is going to grow in size one day, and it's going to envelop the earth and kill every living thing remaining on it.  The sun will catch trees on fire, blow away the atmosphere, evaporate the oceans, and kill all life in the sea.... all of which we've established as things that are bad.... if *_we_* do them.  What's so wrong about doing something that's going to be done anyway?  While everyone can realize that the sun won't do these things for a very long time (we hope), why do we forgive the sun for what it will do?  Because it's in the sun's nature?  Are animals not nature?  Are humans not animals?  Everything we have done to the planet, for better or for worse, was natural.  We just don't like seeing particular types evidence of ourselves where we don't think it should be.  If you really think about it, everything from our laptops, to our water cups, to our dishwashers.... it's all "litter."  We simply have these things placed where we accept them, but their impact on the earth is no different whether they sit in the kitchen, or get buried in the dirt, or float on the ocean.  The sun is going to kill us all anyway.
I'm not taking Gates' 666 hive mind brain-reading chip thanks.
Michael during his Wedding. *Do you accept her as your Wife* Michael: I Do, or Do I
@Vsauce Was that one take? Nice stuff!
"but everything we know about reason suggests that those implementing it should be held accountable by as many different perspectives as possible".  Thanks for defending my intuition LOL.
23:40 "We look for people defend our "intuitions".
At times I wonder 🤔 If he makes up words such as "hyperobject" but I'm just too lazy to research on them 😁😁
17:49 ENTP: Imma end this man's whole career
Someone's been talking to Dr Lisa Feldman Barrett
Jesus Chirst, how can you make such an awesome video!
"Spectacular Accuracy"  22:23.  Sounds like reasoning will become statistical.
This video needs to be translated into every single language and broadcast on every single national feed.
Watches video... "oh, at least that gave me some hope" Reads comments... "ok, nevermind".
It's been more 6 years or so and Vsauce still makes me think about things.
I feel like I should be taking notes
Why did I think this was posted by Veritasium?
I was so excited to see a new Vsauce! Glad to have you back for a moment. The world really needed it right now (We miss you Michael!) Wonderful topic. Thank you for sharing your wisdom, yet again.
Pushing empathy and Bill Gates but also not being oblivious to how bill gates wont give out the patents of covid vaccine to poor countries. ohhh kayyyy
and as always... thanx for speaking 😊
At 6:12 I'm thinking, Isn't this what Rober Kegan's book entitled In Over Our Heads:  The Mental Demand's of Modern Life is about?  Well, I read it in grad school two times but no one wants to hear about it.
I would like to add my voice, my unique perspective to the crowd: despite all the memes on Michael, he and the writers at Vsauce have made something truly extraordinary here. The ideas in this video are so deep and thought provoking that I'm going to spread the word of them, or my views of them, most likely for the rest of my life, in the hopes that others can add to the discussion. You've done the hard work. You've convinced me.  But what do you all think?
Wish bill gates would put his money where his mouth is 😔
This is an argument a wealthier nation would make to control and exploit a poorer nation, just like they did multiple times in the past, now you see why people will not fall so easily for this.
As always, interesting and thought-provoking. But what struck me the most is his voice and the music, took me immediately back to the days of 2015
Reasoning isn’t becoming democratized or diversified, it’s becoming more binarized the more popular every issue becomes. We need more debate and allowance of different opinions.
PLEASE make some translations into maybe german, italian and french! i really think seminars like this can change people following to easily any idea for problems thrown at them.
and now u have to use that new information about resaoning on the conclusion that our reasoning is only a social confirmation tool to enable socializing... which would then tell us that our reasoning was before coming to that conclusion, so the people who assumed this "conclusion" in the first place could socialize... what was first, the egg or the chicken? platons big strength was to be ably to reason people into believing his assumptions, making them conclusions. would that make platon a big thinker, or a man with strong intuition?   i love your "philosophysics"  we need a "vsauce-book"
Amazing as always. Thank you for making a difference!
Awesome! I wish more people would see this video
I dont react these typical ways. Followers do. If they feel they have to choose accepted things. Fit in things.
extreme reasoning leads to sophism...
Try playing chess
business owners will never agree to leave big things for us to decide on. what if we chose public good over profit? that would be a disaster, right? so as long as economy is owned and governed privately, there will be no democracy for us.
I was scared.... Until I got to 12:37 😌
you look like Rost from horizon zero dawn
Its been a while
The soul is fact not faith. Sorry but this is the universe.
Why do I have to do everything your self
9:53 did Michael Vsauce just give a Ben Shapiro impression
where are your fingers?
The best Bitcoin ad I ever saw
amazing ... brilliant ...  what else to say ...
Ironic that Vsauce is collaborating with Bill Gates on this video where he talks about extending empathy and Gates couldn't extend his own empathy enough to support vaccine apartheid towards the global south... well, guess the poor have been deemed unfit to enter the new future.
So basically Kojima on Metal Gear Solid 2 was right?
Crazy, I know people who can reason with the words of Hitler, but once this guy mentions Bill Gates it's "omg u lost all my respect and ur opinions are instantly invalid". I don't fw billionaires either but damn wtf is Gates to u? Not Hitler?
"Birds with same feather, flock together."   That's the future past of the end of reasoning.
I am going to fail my final :(
Very, very well-said.
after 21:19 the watch is gone.
New Vsauce video!
Michael for president
stop moving ur hands so much my cat keeps staring at the screen like he'll scratch ittt
Vsauce: we shouldn’t all have the same opinions. Me: ok Also me: I completely agree with everything you just said.
how much he said reasoning is social makes me think were the only animal that has to consciously reason
20:50 - Karl Marx? :D
Absolutely mind blowing as always!
We may be far off from a national debate day of something like that. Maybe someone can develop an app where people can discuss specific problems by writing their ideas and points of view, meanwhile the moderators guide the discussion and may delete hate speech or other useless arguments like "because i said so". After the some time a petition can be formed and signed by the people in the discussion which can be passed on the government or governing bodies.
Could listen to your videos all day. Have seen every video, multiple times even. Love learning new things
Vsauce is like... The golden eagle of youtube. Most vids are cockroaches. Some rats. Very few horses. But only one golden eagle.
26:18 - Basically athenian democracy all along.
Sold out to bill gates? explains the mainstream  explanation of climate change (disregards solar particle forcing) and the "humans are a virus" lecture
Thank you for an awesome explanation. My thoughts are still circling around your words. You made my day! 👍
Michael Stevens is the kind of philosopher and guide we need today. 👏👏👏
5:22 Fuck Bill Gates, he's one of the reasons for which covid vaccine intellectual property isn't shared with the global south. The US government funded the vaccine research and development, not big pharma. Bill Gates claims that there aren't more vaccine factories to produce more vaccines, and that is demonstrably a lie. 24:36 Billionaires will never save the world, they are destroying it. Billionaires need to be eradicated.
Very interesting.  (Try to aim for 20min in lenght. It became repetitative in the end)
Watching vsauce makes me feel smart even tho im dumb
What if he just exploded
5:00 lies
New Movie:  12 Angry Groups
Reason will prevail!
I like how Michael's english pronounce is clear and paused. Helps a lot to understand (I'm not a english native speaker).
Great video, just point: what it's often called wisdom of the crowd is often menace of the crowd.
There's not a lot of reasoning behind majority of conclusions and assumptions in the video. Is it what the future of reasoning really means?
I am in love
Ha! I was about to celebrate your idea and comment on how it was the few and powerful in ancient Athens that were for elections against the more democratic minds who supported people getting chosen at random, but you got it mentioned it in the video. There is a great logic behind this as firstly the powerful had the means to advertise themselves and therefore get elected and secondly by knowing they might have to serve the city at some point, people would get this more seriously and educate themselves on the matter. In any case it doesn't have to be either black or white. A mix of solutions could work, like part elected, part randomly chosen and part assigned to specialists comities.
Gates, corrupt hypocrit who never did something out of empathy in his whole life. Coldly calculated, millions of marketing dollars are better than truth.
So the brain is a computer whose data can be accessed by USB ports (communication) !
i have learn again when i learn discrete mathematics and i really like it. love Vsauce <3
🤔🤘🏼🍻
No matter what, you're awesome Michael.
I dont care how big your crowd is i don't think they could come up with the same things as the single individual Nikoli Tesla or even Da Vinci came up with alone.
The guy in the thumbnail looks how I feel, based on the title and recent events in America-- hopeful, ominous, perhaps cautiously optimistic.  Let's see how this video goes! 😅
He should know that no matter how good is his reasoning this lottocracy will never happen. And of course we are doomed.
The first sentence - the Pixies
Guys like Bill Gates are the great filter, not the solutions.  Capitalists exploit the world and are destroying it for profits.  There can be no infinite economic growth on a finite earth.
"where is your mind"  well its i- hu wa aosjdaa aAAAA
finally a vsauce video that isn't an ad
I HATE THE ANTICHRIST  I HATE THE ANTICHRIST I HATE THE ANTICHRIST
I just watched a video co-produced by Bill Gates about how to deep throat Bill Gates' boot, the largest producer of carbon gases and largest private owner of farmland lmfao  Billionaires could literally wake up with a conscience and solve these issues in a weekend. But we 'The People' have to find our collective conscious? 🤣  And I'm not saying we shouldn't try and lessen our carbon footprint, I'm just saying this video should be aimed at billionaires and millionaires.
This guy thinks jurors are chosen at random?
The Paul, Mary, and Peter exercise and determining if Mary is married or not married turned my head sideways.  I had to go back over that  3 or 4 times.  Interesting.
what a guy
I disagree with a lot of ideas presented here. But I guess that's the point of the video? Reasoning is a trap?
Where is my mind ? Way out in the water, see it swimming....
You successfully explained how messiahs can exist.  What do you think Bill Gates is trying to be?
My sister watching tiktok and i'm watching Vsauce. Man i feel hella genius.
"And I decided to do this video in partnership with him and his team because"  F in the chats boys we lost another one...first a shit ton of celebrities selling out, my boy Bill Nye the Science guy, now VSauce....I think we needa start listening to tweakers instead of mfkers who collab with the biggest known manipulator and evil mfker...do your research or just do LSD or DMT 2 see through the bullshit...
did you ever heard of shadowrun? xD
I don't like the fact that Michael didn't pop into the screen from the ground.
Bill Gates is really not the one I'd trust in these days.
Thanks for getting me through the Midterms Panic, Michael. You always know how to light the fire under me.
V-Sauce is a goid source of scientific information... but in this video at the point where it discusses heat absorbing molecules....he gets it wrong.  Its not that these molecules do not vibrate at frequencies at which Earth radiates heat into space...they do.  The issue is what is the impact to climate.  CO2 has increased from about 300 parts per million ppm to about 400 ppm in the past century.  Relative to itself thats a 33% increase which is large.  But the atmosphere is comprised if other gases....so relative to its component share of the atmosphere....well do the math... CO2 has increased by a tiny trace amountbof 0.01%.  In some systems....say arsenic in your blood stream...tiny trace changes can have large impacts.  But there is absolutely no evidence to support the argument that a 0.01% increase in CO2 has had any impact to climate.
Very good video, Michael. This day and age with social media, it's turned our social bubbles into social plexiglass spheres of confirmation bias fueled and reinforced by dopamine hits and confirmation bias. I kind of like lottocracy as an idea. William F Buckey Jr. said that he'd rather entrust the government of the US to the first 400 people listed in the Boston phone book than the faculty of Harvard. I think the incentive structure you talk about with money and re-election causes us to get some of the worst leaders who are the most accurate representations of the worst parts of us as a people. The problem with lottocracy is "who gets to be the subject matter expert who informs the lotto winners how to decide issues?" Ultimately, it's those experts who would have the power rather than the lotto winners.
I haven't watched your videos for a long while and now I just saw this one by chance and clicked on it. Must say that it was a great video and very inspiring! Time to scroll through your channel and see what other interesting videos you posted lately
Thought he would of referenced the numerology studies on reasoning where we can tell a person’s choice before they make it by like 5 seconds, or when they did studies on bifurcated brains subjects are given a stimulus to move their arm or something that is blind to the left brain and then when asked why the subject will fabricate a reason, or reasoning is an emotional response. There are a lot of studies on this
Studies done on juries do not inspire confidence in such a method
@Vsauce you make it look too easy
We are in a world of complexity, now there are more influencers with own decisions and reasons, so it is hard if you don't research consistently and not have your own reason for what,why and how.
Don't let the Warforged see this video.
Sellout
Who's gonna control the device that chooses "individuals chosen in random" then? Stalin once said "It's not the people who vote that count, it's the people who count the votes."
Humans aren't designed to see the world as it actually is. Everything about our universe that we can experience, we've evolved to experience for trade-offs. Evolutionary theory precludes the notion that Reason could be as useful as smart people seem to think it is. Being right isn't as important as being useful.  Sounds just like Vsauce might support The Great Reset. But utopian philosophy always leads to dystopia. Toxic compassion and the hubris of the modern intellectual will lead us into a terrible situation. Socialism and communism have done terrible things in our history. Not because they were corrupted by flawed individuals, but because the notion that you can tell people how to live is a flawed idea. If I look at the FACTS of Maoist China, or Pol Pot, or Stalin,  or pre-nazi Germany the reality is, it's unequivocally the incorrect way to structure society for people to tell one another what to do. And when we look at a voluntary capitalist country, where people are free to do what they want, ie America, that seems like a very prosperous, positive way to build a community.
Michael for President
Not a failure of reason but a systematic strategy to cultivate useful ignorance by the flexian elite. It's agnotological disinformation and #gatespartner  videos like this one are great examples
Please make it mandatory that DT watch this video as before reinstating any social media accounts.
Very deep and complex topic but you nailed it! This definitely gives me some hope for the future of our world!
Wow vsauce knows what's in my mind better than I do.  And knows how to sneakly persuade people by talking confidently. This is gaslighting at it's finest... A diversion from bill gates as he buys up water and farm land.
Wow, guys he used reason to avoid putting ads
Priorities is a stronger barriers than reasoning. Coal is an affordable source of power for developing countries. Regions covered in jungles often have bigger problems than saving endangered species. Taiwan is probably not too concerned about what the climate will be like in 100 years.
I feel like Michael is perfectly explaining that which is the background noise of my head at all times. Seems like I can’t ever shake thinking about thinking haha
does this video basically explain why humans suck at making career choices
Cool video mate interesting thoughts and opinions, not sure about the quantum recreation though generally when i create a new gta5 online character i rarely revisit the same one, a nice thought of heaven is the idea that its a universe where everyone picks their favourite avatar (most accomplished human life they've lived) and then has the choice to rejoin the water at any time in the same way a devout monk would meditate, with an imagination like this im not interested in any quantum tools tell Bog to stick them where the sun dont shine, i think its worth remembering that for inventions to be invented the particles of the raw materials themselves have to contain information, long story short every little thing gna be alright
3:01 - 3:07 - Does anyone think like what I'm thinking right now? XD
0:03 why you be teleporting??
2:59 I see Michael's been taking inspiration from uncle Ted.
Once i got this saying out of a Fortune cookie: Bees that have honey in their mouths have stings in their tails. Does that mean:  A: Some people are willing to fight to protect someone important. (or something similar) B: Never trust blindly. (or something similar) I have been debating about this with others and most people seem to have a different oppinion. Thats insane.
1:59 i thought he will grab himself
Explains why certain political figures gain so much of a loyal following.... even tho it defies reason lol
Humanity needs to become a hivemind. Lets hope for neuralink.
Um... partnership with Bill Gates...?
Looks like the all mighty-all-knowing Bill can't even solve the simplests of things of life, that is keeping a marriage go. Seems that his reasoning is somewhat off.
Dear Future Sapiens,  If you're here to ressurect us after reading the comments, let me warn you that you may as well better have a sure-shot cure for Covid-19 too.  ~ Your Reason's Reason
welcome back guys
We either attempt to subsist off planet as quickly as possible. Or push for an AI/tech singularity. Either one will eventually lead to terraforming and planetary impact is only temporary and negligible in the long run. What is odd is trying to get a global movement to convince people they should have a conscious stance on this subject matter when it matters less so than the development of game changing technologies. Why not instead push people to take stances or reason about the need for technological and off planet progression. But that doesn't mean that there shouldn't be quality control against unnecessary toxicity emissions which affect health.  It is also interesting that the people have decided to reason about literally anything, and to create reasons to reason about subjects as if their life depended on it. Not to mention there appears to be a large industry based upon convincing people to reason about things they want to be reasoned about. Its all very sus tbh.
But people can't be chosen at "Random" can they now , Michael ? 😈 You know this more than I do cause you've made a video about it . It seems even in Lottocracy this problem will persist . Chaos always finds a way .
damn his best one yet.
Man legit just solved the problem with politics
I got the puzzle wrong
inside us all there is an infant that it is impossibel to reason with. And this infant rule our world. We must learn to know our inner infant and take care of it. It is unheard of those first  three sentences ? Or maybe you have heard them before ?
By far the best Vsauce video!
2:30 depends on your definition of quality. Overpopulation is all fun and games until an easily transmitted deadly virus comes along...
This man just explained Among Us no cap 😳😳
We need a VR version of Reddit
The lottocracy you described is literally exactly how the Citizen’s assembly in Ireland works. 100 citizens are chosen by a polling company to be representative of the country demographically. They are paid to listen to experts and deliberate over issues that are considered too politically charged for regular government.  This was ultimately how Ireland legalised abortion. The entire process was fascinating and a great insight into how a lottocracy could work.
My young self was always waiting for you to make a video like this. Bless your heart Micheal.
13:45 this is also waffling
Mike can make you understand everything even if you start at the middle of the video.
18:26 You talk about empathy but didn't  even offer to pay for your friend's burger when they were poor. I'm disappointed.
National reasoning day? Do you go to the pub?
\m/ salute
oh, wow, I am NOT like other people.
Absolute cancer omg why did you make this//??
I feel light headed after that video.
6k unreasonable individuals...
Thanks, Michael.  Now I have to go rethink how I teach argumentation and critical thinking!  No, seriously.  This was a great episode of VSauce ... best one yet.
Ergo let the Aspergers reason. And every else can live happy.
thank you.
why not accept people into universities at random?  why not pick your sexual partners at random?  why not pick your brain surgeons at random?
‘The Line’ city project at NEOM
This is the best video ive ever seen. Im been thinking realy much about these things, and it was like a lot of pieces fell into place(albeit not all of them)
From my personal experience, I feel like because people read less now and have access to instant gratification, a lot of people have lost their attention span and the ability to 'think' for themselves. And by 'think' I mean attempting to figure things out using really good ideas our ancestors have given to us, and rearranging the things they know into "what ifs" that can come to fruition by simple rationality of the mind or real life attempts and help them succeed. It's usually a result of ignorance or arrogance, but in the same way as your perception differs from that of a dog, they have a necessarily limited range of sentience when it comes to ideas and some renounce ideas altogether.  They are either unable or unwilling to follow things to their logical conclusion to recognize an impartial truth underlying a circumstance and they are extremely unwilling to even attempt this. Because of this they never mature above the level of children and let their emotions run their lives because the petty weight of their emotions trumps whatever weight of reason or truth might also be present. They don't want to grow up so certain parts of conscious existence are simply off limits to them, and when confronted subtly with different or higher perceptions they act petty in their dismissals. So don't bother more than a few times; *Mathew 7:6*  Debates really aren't worth it unless you're talking to someone knowledgeable,  otherwise it just devolves into a shouting match  Usually, it is regular, firm kicks in the ass by reality sets them straight enough to keep them from sinking into total failure and misery. Pain and Terror to them is their secret greatest teacher and they would never imagine abandoning it's tutelage for a higher prospect, because, as we know, they are unwilling to ask these "what ifs" as a basic premise.  Imagine, through every conscious challenge, a person is hanging off the edge of a cliff by one arm and willingly forgetting they have another arm they can swing up to help them climb. When reality hits them hard they are often forced to acknowledge the other arm and thus climb up, but it is never their first instinct to use both arms. Thus they may eventually meet their doom as a result of this tragic and often deliberate imperception.
What a complete load of dogmatic BS. Population growth - mainly in India and China - is responsible for the increase in concrete, and that expansion - tripling from a reasonable 2.5 billion in only 60 years (!) - is solely responsible for the degradation of quality of life on this planet. There's only one reason for higher population - to continue building a low cost worker base to fuel the economy that the ruling classes want to maintain. If you really want to solve 'climate change' then start taxing countries based on the number of people they have, on a sliding scale to punish those with ridiculously large populations. Put that in a climate fund and use it to teach about contraception. Think of the devastation to wildlife in the food chain, the massive increase in pollution and waste, the concrete jungles covering the land instead of trees. All this so you can have a cheaper phone or TV, which is all you can afford because of your low wages. Just like the Matrix, people are born into slavery, sacrificing their lifetime to serve a master paying them with a virtual product of coloured paper. Also, stop using pictures of forest fires as some sort of indication that it indicates global warming - firestorms depend on the fuel they have, so even the smaller area ones - like the recent ones in Australia - make the headlines because they are fueled by big trees, and idiots build houses near them.
You've pretty much described twitter and we all know how that turned out. If people got together in real life and debated once a year, it will turn into a purge. There's a reason why jurors get interviewed before being allowed to serve.
I get life lessons, science lessons, and entertainment in every Vsauce episode
The only problem with a lottocracy is that people are, on average, seriously unqualified to make decisions about the fate of humanity.
I like the lottocracy idea. On important decisions how about having 10 random groups and each group would get a vote on a issue? Or send representative of their group (chosen with lotto) to the final group that makes a decision. Then the idea would be even more refined and it would eliminate possibility of outliers.
michael is the pinnacle of human mind and thinking and he speaks for us all
I was happy about this video, then I started thinking about the decade I have to wait for the next video...
Anyone else start autoplaying the Pixies in their head at the intro?
Ah, so all of this explains how 74.2 million Americans could vote for scoundrel Donald Trump for re-election? BUT does it explain why I block them all on sight in punishment?
"No firmer than a blob of tofu" And with those words, the final possibility of me ever becoming vegan was removed from the space-time continuum.
Just found out Michael is only 35. We're getting enlightened for at least the next 10-15 years lets goooo
vsauce: "Try to convince others using reasons as it evolved to be used" some Americans: haha we won, delete the other half
The problem of the day is overconsumtion and that everyone think they need this luxurious and comfortable way of living life.
"Because if any one of us could someday serve, they'd have to cozy up to and protect...all of us." 27:11 Special interests and corporations: *demonic hiss*
Bravo!  Wonderful!  Excellent!  Well done!
You’re the best extension of my mind. So grateful for your existence. Lots of love.
This makes what's happening with dogecoin right now understandable
If you think lobbying is powerful in a representative democracy, imagine what an "expert"  or group of "experts" could do to persuade a small group of average joes. I think flattery and bribes would drive this lottocracy into the ground.
VSauce just hits differently
328k people are not using reason...it reasons that one does not need to invest their hundreds of billions of dollars in vaccines or push an agenda about blocking out the sun like a freaking Mr. Burns when they have so much money they could never spend it.  Why keep amassing it?  Why not do all projects for free?   Why have a foundation evading taxes?  Someone who is so rich they can't spend all their money if they tried trying to push agendas to make even more money to the point they try to buy every influencer (e.g. this 'collab' where he has to say he is working with gates legally but won't show his face) IS AGAINST REASON!
3:18 Talking about storms, show picture of a wildfire with a suffering animal. Emotional manipulation.  3:24 "more lives lost" Tell me which is worse: 1000 people, 5 deaths, or 10,000,000 people, 5,000 deaths? 5:40 "we need zero emission" no, we don't.  Look, don't get me wrong, I AM AGAINST POLUTION, however your "reason" is....n't. It's fearmongering. I have yet to have global warming proven to me, climate change is unfalsifiable and useless in argument, BUT, air pollution is bad, yeah lets reduce that because I don't want people getting sick. The number "zero" is absolute nonsense though, CO2 isn't a pollutant any more than water is, but too much water and you die. Zero water, and you die. Too much or too little of ANYTHING, and you die.  The entire rest of the video: Fantastic, exciting, fun... 28:45: "existential security" I doubt this a little bit, because you've missed a single piece of the puzzle; fear. People are SO AFRAID of global warming that they will not hear my argument, they'd rather I die so that their fear remains the dominant theory. For being an outlier, I receive only existential dread.
Please have a look at Vandana Shiva’s comment on Bill Gates’ book and be careful who you climb into bed with.
Nuclear. That is all.
This is a fascinating video, really made me think. I've never considered the idea of a lottocracy, but actually, it makes a lot of sense. It would have been fascinating to see a nation attempt to implement this, and see the practical challenges associated with it. I can see it being a legitimate system of politics for a more advanced society.
Next book by Bill Gates "How to Avoid a Marriage Disaster" LMAO
I have a stupid thing to say. In the part when the magician switched the picture of the person that the participant wanted to work with, what if they knew that the magician switched it and just carried on answering why because they were shy to say that the magician made a mistake ? doesn't that make the study kind of flawed ?  Yeah it's stupid, just wanted to say it, lol
The truth is Chaos, and Love is the Answer.  Thank you for existing Michael! ❤️
Where's ur mind??  Me, a Billie stan: "Maybe it's in the gutter, where I left my lover..."
Let me save everyone half an hour: it's just a 30 minute climate change propaganda video. Has nothing to do with reasoning.
This is brilliant, Food for the mind and the basement for the discussion. I will save it for rewatching
This gave me chills. Very, very interesting stuff.
Another Bill Gates sell out
The trick about the magician swapping why people don't want to work with other people is silly.  Very easily the victim might not want to work with either or would be fine working with both.  The forced choice assumes they wouldn't want to work with one and would want to work with the other.
I got about 30s into this moronic presentation before stopping it. If that is the future of reason, I think I'll stay in the past. Then I saw it was linked "climate disaster" and Bill Gates and realised why it was aimed at morons.
Ah, so confirmation bias is the reason why isolating somebody makes them think they're right.
This man just struck a deep chord on our society and it’s complexity and echo chambers
Oh don't scare me like that Michael. I'm an environmental engineer. I work in soil remediation. Pollution is everywhere.
This reminds me of the game Inside.
Always loved lottocracy. Too bad our oligarchy is too powerful.
half an hour of nothing. quality of this channel smh...
Oh so now he’s a psyop. Rip vsauce
As we become more isolated from lockdowns, would that not in itself lead us towards greater numbers of sole reasoners, who would have a tendency to use confirmation bias to affirm their intuitions. Perhaps their intuition would be that their ability to reason is hampered by their inability conversate with people, like friends and family. As a sole reasoner, confirmation bias would be prevalent, leading them to gravitate to ideas that support that isolation is wrong. Conspiracy theories could be expected to be more prevalent, especially by those who were stuck isolating. Conversely though, wouldn't that potentially imply that those who were not isolating, would have the chance to openly discuss the advantages and disadvantages of these social interactions, be more likely to agree to the benefits of isolating. Which would therefore put them on a path towards being a sole reasoner...            Thanks Vsauce,  I enjoy immensely almost all your videos
This videos contents are so important nowadays. Discourse instead of entitlement... I like that.
Bo-ring. Preachy, not Vsauce grade.
It's not a bug, it's a feature
It's not a bug but a feature.
Honestly one of the best videos I've ever watched. You articulated things so well, I love how your explanation evolved. Very intrigued by our tendency to post rationalize, and how the exchange of ideas is absolutely essential to reason.  Well done!
Is this an advert for technocracy? lol
I wish this had as many views as previous Vsauce videos...
holy shit
Hi vsauce,, existential dread here!
"You just sort of intuit that someone is upset you don't logically put together their microexpressions to figure it out" #clearlynottalkingaboutautisticpeople
I always thought vsauce was smarter than this, but this video just proves he is an Ignoramus & cog in the system of the globalist communist takeover.  How sad.
Hi Michael and the Vsauce community! Max here, where can I find names of the books you apparated into your hands. Thanks.
I have a question, Would you say time is just a relative concept made up by humans or is it an actual force in the universe?
That ending was a perfect way to my internal debate to everything you just said. All I want to say that people are so out of fashion -_-. It's not their fault but make some effort. We're still tribal in 2021.
So you’re back!
Lottocracy sounds interesting. It made me want to share an idea I have been thinking about for quite a while. Maybe, instead of having democratic elections which mostly have been ruined by politics and business interest, leaders should be elected by a non-biased AI that will choose the person that is objectively the most fit to manage a society. Would love to hear if anyone has an opinion about this.
1:57 : 'Or...is It?  Man, Micheal is back!
What about an Online  A.I. security Instant Voting Network used to run our civilization with everyone having the ability to vote on issues?
Hold on hold on... There wasnt enough info in the logic puzzle. Mary's marital status was never referred to in either way!
Michael, I'm great you brought this subject. So long. The wait was worth it. You're the best scientist on YouTube ever since I discovered you.
Who else is in support of a planetary lottocracy?  Thank you Michael for making a difference by making a difference.  This is exactly what we need.
It was an absolutely awesome presentation. But I have to disagree that the collective is smarter than the expert. Imagine building a bridge. Would you rather have the collective decide where the bolts and screws should go or would you rather have the expert who's had 40 years of experience in structural engineering?  For this reason, I believe democracy itself to be flawed. The only good thing about it is that it decentralizes power to the people. Other than that there's really no upside. How can you say that the collective is better at choosing someone for the presidency when most people would rather watch their weekly netflix show than spend a few hours researching the candidates.
That was kind of freakin insane. The first part of the video talked about "climate change", and my biases made me want to immediately turn off the video thinking this was a politically motivated video. But I kept watching.... and I'm glad I did. Social Media and the Internet have created a wealth of information, but it has also created a culture where people can voice their opinions anonymously and do so without fear of reprisal. Mass Media really has hurt our ability to make socially sound decisions, as almost everything we do is influenced by a larger force pushing against us. So, how do we solve this? You eliminate that giant force of will; Special Interests. You bring the human race back to basics of collaboration in an offline setting.  Something big is about to happen in our world... something that will fundamentally change humanity. Our connectivity has caused us to grow apart, and we cannot continue down this path without major repercussions. We shall see where we go.
one of the best yet
This video really fulfilled my confirmation bias.
Lottocracy is interesting. There could be something there. Jury duty isn't completely random though, as some people are chosen to stay in court and others to leave so we'd definitely need to not do that.
A lottocracy. I like that idea. And I *never* had heard of or thought about that before. Thanks, @Vsauce! True to the spirit of the video, next time I get to have a conversation with a group of smart people, I'll see what others think about this :)
Algo
Michael must have the same struggles in his mind as I have in mine.
As long as crap concepts like 'hate speech', 'cancel culture', and alike exist, we are never going to reach reason.
I've always said that exact same thing. The fact that we have still not found any evidence of advanced life is, to me, a strong indication that there is a cap on species development. That every form of intelligent life will always eventually burn out. I feel it's because of that fact that we combine complex ideas and innovations, of which we might have independent understanding, into incredibly complex creations that we no longer have any capacity to understand. We are then faced with unforeseen effects that we are unable to figure out. So, the only way to "immortalize" the human race is by continued innovation, the very thing that will eventually create many incredibly complex problems.
The idea of a lottocracy is a promising one but we still need something like a constitution to guarantee us our god given rights such as life, liberty and the pursuit of happiness among others. Hence why the constitutional republic in the US has been the most succesful form of governing thus far in human history, that we know of. Great video!
Bill Gates is pure evil. Windows 8. Gain-of-function. The man can do no good.
After all, does it make sense that we live together; but give all the decisions to a handful of persons represented by the host of The Apprentice? This video begs the question; does Microsoft actually practice this decision making? Pretty sure his friend Balmer did not - despite his Developers developer developers (which was actually Windows update, windows update, windows update, and Windows phone).  Btw, China does this kind of reason deliberation at some form. At least they do not let Billionaires completely control their Gov't. Anyone from China, please expound on this. NOT perfect but good enough to rise from complete destruction since WW2. This may be completely opposite from what your brain is thinking; but keep an open mind at least.
its sad because pauls original church in corintians was based on the lone reasoner bringing an idea to the church/crowd to be critiqued. and if it was revolutionary then it was taken to another church to go thru another round of critiques by a new crowd.  the first verse of john. it says God is the logos. and all the apostolic fathers all said God was not a dude in the sky, but those were anthropomorphic phrases to get a point across not to be taken as literal.  but it later got mystified by Gnostic doctrine and instead of the church being organized like a neural network it got turned into a feudalistic structure. and the church went from free thinkers teaching people how to think, to teaching people what they should  think.
I need to learn how to speak & present with my hands as Michael does. He's a natural
Is  reasoning the equivalence of a reality perception
Thank you man
Oh Yeah, It's Big Brain Time
Vsauce for president! I want a lottocracy!!
Nice video, give me chills at the end.
Are you going to address the behavioral inertia of Bill Gates still accumulating billions of $ instead of ending hunger and homelessness everywhere, as he could have already? You're damn right omissions are invisible - let's stop omitting the facts about how billionaires caused all this and should be forced to solve it
I vote for real democracy to rule my country !
In order to think with reason we have to ignore our emotions.
How can I deny a new Vsauce video
This is an, evil, wicked, subversive mindfuck
These videos only come twice a year, but god, they're so great
Bro you must read(if you haven't yet) the beginning of infinity by David Deutsch, very deep into the topic. He will prove to you that all you said in this video about reason is wrong.
Thank you for this video.
I feel like a lot of Trumpies should watch this, but I'm sure they would feel targeted, their reasoning is the problem
I am not a fan of the subtitles. It is not even close to semi-verbatim. I want to know what Michael is saying, not what the captioner wishes he would have said. The video was edited before being published. If there was anything egregiously wrong with the script, they would have fixed it before release. Do not "fix" it yourself. Not to mention there is an absurd amount of typos.
Best Vsauce ever!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!12
Lottocracy sounds a lot like late stage Communism. I like it.
If everyone in the world had access to this video. The entire world would change
So it's exactly like Utah's caucus system, except politicians are attacking and gutting it.
the content is amazing, the music is distracting... lost half the value of the show coz of the BGM ..
We need Artificial Intelligence to help point out cognitive bias at light speed. The global discourse has become too loud for our interconnected 20 watts brains. With new cognitive bias being generated and echoed constantly, the chaos of reasoning will only bring more cacophony. When future AI reach a certain level of consciousness someday, and process all written texts ever written, it will understand what is being suggested here and use this as a reference to support the theory of the global interconnected reasoning of the minds.
A channel for when you want to learn complex ideas but I don’t have enough fans for your brain
This is as political as he gets....
The “Great Filter” is probably death
this like science class, but its not boring.
We need to address the Michael in the room.
bill gates
We must take this one step at a time, my friends.  We cannot discount wise discourse because it is not the final answer for our specific desires.  While the solution seems so obvious, but so unobtainable right now, we must use this information and begin to reason our own path through, talk with others to find out their reasonings, and eventually, we might come to the right conclusions.  We must not think change has to happen right now in our lives, this is a legacy thing that needs to start now so that our collective humanity can continue.  Being a true cornerstone of change is not a selfish endeavor and one that many must silently sacrifice for.  The true joy comes from the ride anyway, the destination is just a guidepost.
I hear that Micheal from Vsauce disappears when our nation needs him most.
That thumbnail gave me a good feeling
There is no consuses on what the "good life" means. There have been attempts to mold everybody in the world into believing in a single "good life" but these always end in bloodshed. We as humans, should accept that we cannot use our mental factalties to come to censuses on the "good life".   If we accept that debate rarely changes people's minds then what is the solution to our problems?   The solution is to let people do as they please. All attempts to manufacture consent have failed. This is the basis for libertarianism.
holy shit
The subtitles dont match what he’s saying at times...
"We evolved not to leave the thinking up to a few great minds, but to the authority of THE great mind."
Michael, you could have made the same argument in 15 minutes and be just as engaging and interesting. This one was way too meandering. The part about deliberative democracy could have been its own thing.
See ya in 6 months.
Damn I just came here to see some science, but now I want a lottocracy.
Maybe civilization was a mistake. Maybe human kinds efforts to force nature into submission will always fail.
I prefer the Argumentative Theory of the origin of reason. Reason is just one method of argument for one's case. It's a useful tool for a social animal. It's often not the most effective rhetorical tool as the ancient Cynics knew. Indeed, lately, we can see that loudly repeating the same statement over and over again may be more likely to convince people of the statement's veracity than presenting data and using reason.   In my view, Reason is an island in an ocean of irrationality. It has to be taught from an early age and be a part of the culture for it to become prevalent. Perhaps we should become more like Vulcans and consciously purge ourselves of cognitive biases.
Cognitive bias isn't because of group reasoning. It's because of time and volume of information. There is too much information in the world to simply search for a generic truth. It saves time to know what you're looking for. You don't have to be free from bias, to discover or to reinforce truth. You just have to be willing to challenge the truths you have biased yourself towards.   The group reasoning comes into play because it's easier to challenge ideas, with other perspectives or insights. But that's secondary.
Wow this wrecked me
The future of reasoning.   Annnnnnnnd it’s gone.
mind expanding as always, even on topics I figured I had a decent understanding of a++++++++++ please never stop
Systematic attempts to train people rigorously on empathy and rationality since childhood must be carried out in order for this world to survive.
The sad truth is that majority of the world population won't be even able to comprehend the ideas presented in this video. Such videos rather attract intellectual elite.
I could literally watch a 24-hour long video of this topic with you explaining all Michael!
Measure it with an awesome-ometer?
22:22
Just remember. At some point in our evolution Darwinism added reasoning flaws and went full Apple on us and said "Nah they're features"
Technocracy
Anyone else get Persona vibes from the music?
heeeyyy Michael is back! i thought you had been raising kids or something like that!
You’re so necessary Michael. Thank you
One of the best "shows" ever.  Veritasium is close, but this is the newer discover channel/myth busters
Love this communication theory word salad. Increased concrete, increased quality of life. Gasses emitted... how do we achieve consensus?
Vsauce solves how to make humanity immortal
21:20 - I no longer trust 'the crowd.'  Ever dumbed-down (stick with me here) by the entertainment and news-sources the lazy choose to ingest, cognitive reasoning has become very biased to where what should be common sense, fair, or right is heavily influenced by political parties as well as cultural and governmental enemies' propaganda machines. If a person owns, and watches, a television - I honestly cannot trust them to come to sane conclusions, nor for them to understand the complexity of many situations.
This was great, 30 minutes flew by!
This is probably the best video of all time.
Out of context 11:17
Amazing, AMAZING thumbnail
i had some respect for this guy in the past but hes just another devils pawn who will burn in hell
Michael had Vsauce this great show that millions of fans like myself looked forward to watching episodes regularly put out... then he goes to Nat Geo, which obviously didn't work out, that other youtube show he had was ok, so finally he's returned to his base. Welcome back! don't leave us again please!
Creating reasons is not the same as reasoning lol
Plenty of examples of animals showing evidence of reasoning without social motives, confirmation bias?
3:42 That's 51 teragrams, depending on what kind of tons
Stochastic governance actually sounds pretty good. Never thought about it before.
I've been reasoning about reason quite a bit recently(haha), but the theory that reason evolved as a social dynamic is really interesting.   Reasoning why particular art may be high or poor quality is still a judgment for example, but there may be a deeper social force driving the tendency to reason such things.  And I really appreciate the points you made about our technology limiting the proper use of reasoning based on the social theory.  Great video!
What all the rich people buying beachfront property say the ocean is rising, I have a hard time listening to them. Also, does nobody understand what plants breath???
Exceptional video Michael! I started a discusion in my messanger group about this and people liked the concept. I think i'd be for this type of government!
hey vsauce, existential crisis here
Michael don't worry about striving for perfection with every single new video, just post whatever silly thoughts you feel would help people learn. It's okay to post whatever you want
Elon Musk needs to watch this.
Tell Bill Gates, I’m not giving up meat. (actual meat) #Savethecows.
Problem is not the super object, problem is capitalism and the chaotic production of everything. There is a contradiction between  individulism behabior (as a consecuence of the dominant classes ideology) and the fact that survival of any social specie its relies on cooperation. This contradiction can only be solve by the colapse of civilization or a violent transformation of the classes society into a non class society.
This was by far was one of your weakest episodes so far. With glaring and kind of obvious, almost lazy, argumentations and omissions, a weird positive undertone for billionaires (which by most metrics are not only a symptom of the exact systems that threaten our collective survival, but also their main driving force, and could very well spell the end of most of us within this century) and the appeal to the most basic populism which is widespread these days (the kind where people like to hear their shortcomings are entirely normal, their voice should get heard regardless and they should get a forum and a political voice instead of demanding from them to do better, to be better)  But here we are... reasoning, on the Internet and you are right about one thing, which is that in this space a real debate will never come. Hence why I can just ramble on.  The first problematic view to me seems to be that ever present default to descriptive scientific approaches that try to normalize our shortcomings as something entirely natural. This might even be factually true, but is it helpful for the very real situation we are in, the very real problems we face? Not really, as all it is, is destructive, it has gone so far as to be the very foundation for some of us to reason for our own inability to grow beyond these shortcomings, accepting them as our very nature, therefore being entirely out of our control.  Secondly you refer to the apparatus of our reasoning not being equipped and evolved to deal with the reality of the day. Well tough luck, IT IS the reality and we have to deal with it. So through reasoning we have to undertake a social evolution where we end up better equipped and not try to break down things to fit back within our limited scope. We have to deal with global, soon stellar constelations of reality that span millenia ... there simply is no way to break those things down to our scale again (also one of the rallying cries of populism these days). The only viable option is to grow as a species and as individuals, to expand our intellectual capacities and tools to catch up with reality. Thats how a successful species survives, by adapting to the reality it is in, not by  constructing its own reality instead that is it odds with the facts.   We as people have to evolve. I know most people drawn to populism and engaged in escapism hate to hear it, but we are accountable here. Defaulting to our "nature" as an argument against progression and personal responsibility will make us even less prepared for the realities to come.  And one last thing, I find it rich that in a video where you talk about responsibility and extending empathy you bring up billionaires and Gates in a positive way. The very class of people that form the heart and mind of neoliberal capitalism, which brought most of the obscene anguish we face today as a species into this world. They own almost 50% of everything in this world, their insatiable greed is  killing people in the millions and they only made it so far by exploiting others. Their wealth is built on the blood, sweat and tears of our entire species and every worker in the world and they still demand more. Their fake charity is built on lobbyism, exploitation, tax evasion and suffering. Here is something to reason over: given their spectacular wealth and the scientific progress we will see in this century, we as a species have two paths before us. One is we let them and the systems that made them inevitable intact and hope for their continued charity. A path were most of us would need to rely on them not being absolute psychopaths and sociopaths that deem us a waste of  ressources once they automated the need for us as markets and a workforce away. And the other path is getting rid of them and the systems that enable them within the next 3-4 decades so we have a fighting chance. Billionaires are not your friends, they do not really care about others, thats how they got so obscenely rich.
Cop's don't have a "Brain" as far as I'm concern   !
Michaels proposed solutions to "the problem" as he coins it are solved under communism where the collective are in control and make decisions by their vote. Every single worker has equal voting power. No single or small group of leaders or people in power.
i saw a reddit post about sortition/lotocracy and tbh its pretty convincing. Our current system incentivizes cults of personality and ambitious people to run the government, inevitably leading to corruption. lets do it
in conclusion there's no I in team
or maybe what we have become is not made for reasoning
Greed
Ask zhair
Reason is enough to cure global warming, and it would happen if it was just one person. The problem is that it's many, many people all looking to see how they can competitively benefit by designing solutions so they can escape the costs while punishing others.  If the human animal can't use this thing to win against other humans, it will not even acknowledge the thing exists. This is how you get a fucking crisis that kills us all.
I think the mind is in the area that most people find most important, a special place near the pelvis
But the question implies that the question is about Peter and Paul. Not Mary. It implies that because it mentions the marital state of Paul and Peter. Not Mary. So people will assume that Paul and Peter are the ones in question. Not Mary.
I believe the understanding of human reasoning referred to as Dialectics in philosophy. It's what Marx-Lenin developed further in Dialectical Materialism.
when the "but what if" is 5:43 in the video 👁️👄👁️
fucking fantastic
This was an awesome video. Personally, this is one of your best Michael. It's almost nostalgic seeing these types of videos again.
This was very thought-provoking and hopefully action-provoking. Thank you!
I'm 1 minute in and do NOT tell me thst their royalty on the mysterious vsauce music ran out.
Partnership with Bill Gates? yeah no, sorry Michael. That guy is a eugenicist globalist.
Greeks tried it, didn't work.  The problem with this solution is too optimistic and doesn't take into account that every time a stupid merson gets randomly elected, the whole system suffers a detriment, and within enough time any ammount of detriment will eventually cause a system failure.
Bill is getting obnoxious with his privilege preaching
Ah I see why you utilized the fallacy and misinterpretation of reason in the beginning now.  That was clever af, and I imagine it will be very effective in helping more people to better understand reason. I hope.   It always was, and will always be, about objective data over subjective intuition.   The majority of the population rely on intuitions, but that is unproductive in a data filled world.   It's also why the minority of those capable of persistent use of reason do not support the political spectrum fallacy, we have no political representation, and those who align with such group think activities become devoid of the capacity for reasoning. They become stuck in the trap of justifying biases.   Glad to see more people realizing this, its really inspiring and lessens the depresso.   We could actually have true democracy, which we need, I built a system and frameowork for it in 2014, but it isn't useful for any individual for developing leverage, thus it likely wont be implemented or used. It is exclusively better for all individuals and thus drastically better from a utilitarian and objective perspective.   We reach objectivity through the sum of subjective perspectives used to filter data to its most fundamental truth that we can ascertain thus far, this mark does gradually move; however, it is most often never used in reason.   Reason is like developing a building, if you build on sand, use paper and mud, while your framework is correct, it will still collapse. Likewise with reason without the right inputs, you are very unlikely to reach the right conclusion, despite applying the right framework.   It is a positive feedback loop, as we reach better conclusions, we can derive better data/inputs/truths and thus derive better conclusions, so on and so forth.   We'll get there thanks to people like you making the effort to make this accessible to the many who lack the resources necessary to discover this by their own volition, despite the fact that it is all out there and many brilliant minds have addressed this and done a lot of the work for us.   Its so much easier to just be comfortable, complacent, and entertained.
sipping my soymilk and playing nintendo to this
Waste of time
When will they, infer survival requires change, infer it's not working. My research suggests the solution inferred, is to give up on the experiment with solutionless consequences - admit failure. There is no saving it.
Extending our spheres of empathy is a requirement for us continuing to exist.
9:47 DaMichael
More climate change propaganda, sighs.
If only we could treat nuclear power with reasoning and not bias!
You’re in the matrix. This game is to get away from yourself. You’re tired of being you in the real life
A single man reasons why reasoning isn't to be done by a single man alone.
Thanks for sharing. We have already the best arena to deliberate: the internet. Hopefully it will help us get through the great filter.
Thanks Mr. Gates, best of luck with the next chapter of ur life xx
i have never heard a greater maximum brain-drain cope to justify a lack of innovation.
"Whether or not a species can extend it's empathy May be a Great Filter."    That is so on point in 2021.
9:31 if reasoning is so great     Why there isn't a reasoning 2?
dont forget billionaires are not our friends, including bill gates and his weird campaign of getting youtubers to do videos about his book
This was so interesting thanks!
This video gave me faith in humanity back somehow ❤️
You are the hyper object.  Reasoning would look at what we cannot control first. Let me help: 1) You will die 2) The sun will at some point fry the earth 3) Super Catastrophe Events occur per geological records around ever 12,000 years 4) It only takes one crazed person to set off a nuclear disaster 5) It only take one crazed nation to weaoponize a virus that gets out intentionally or not 6) Over 100 volcanoes are going off at any one time and some create extinction events 7) Asteroid like objects hit earth and will continue to do so, occasionally ending all we know. 8)....the climate has always been changing, regardless of cause, we may be a part of it, but not the largest part 9) We go in and out of ice ages 10) The moon is moving away slowly,  eath is getting more massive as it collects matter in its interstellar journey along with all planets in our solarsystem,... Enjoy the ride, nothing is permanent except change. Let me give you a conclusion, it will all end and you cant stop it, nobody can.
my only hope is, i live long enough to watch the next vsauce video
Good episode, but that book is garbage.
Is there a way of thinking that will supercede reason?
this is the Aristotle of our generation lol
Just gotta say that as someone with Autism I actually do things like go over facial features and the like actively in my mind(often even subvocalizing) to figure out if someone is upset(or what their mood is in general). It doesn't negate any points here, it's just an interesting exception.
5:47 Fuck that tune takes me back straight to 2013
I prefer direct democracy over lottery representative democracy.
To the people who dislike this. Why ?
Vsause is the type were he says a joke and I take what he said seriously cuz I think its science. even simple jokes.                                                                              just me?
this is the first Vsauce video that bored me :(
I think "hyperobjects" is a bit of a buzzword way of thinking about complex systems like climate change but I like the idea of a "lottocracy" for making big decisions.
Mind blown, every time lol. Michael please never stop what you do
At 11:13 the closed captions say "usually", while Michael says "always".
The Dislikes: Yeah, uh, no
Half my education growing up was you, and I'm so glad you're back, even for just a bit, so that the younger ones can experience what we did... Nostalgia but feels so refreshing!
If Bill Gates can't save his marriage, he can't save the planet.  :(
Vsauce, in this entire video, you said nothing.  You just continued the same climate rhetoric that we've all been hearing for decades.  I feel like I'm watching a propaganda video, if anything.  The topic of climate change is still an open question and many scientists have tried to point out that we still don't really know what's going on, but they have been silenced.  But, in this video, you don't even question the possibility of the climate not actually being in danger, and instead criticize everyone who thinks differently than you by saying that their thinking is inheritly wrong.  I'm not angry, I'm just disappointed in what this channel has become recently.  Let's face it, you're a giant sell-out.
this video will anger many  globe earth deniers and climate change deniers in one go
26:10 i honestly feel like this is a great idea
Ah, let's just forget it, ridicule those who disagree with us, and tell them if they don't believe us, they don't believe in science, oh wait that's what's driving the psuedo-intellectual movement.....
This is the deepest, darkest and most important Vsauce video I've ever seen.
Michael: You don't use reason to determine that a person is upset.  You intuit. Me, an autistic person:  I use reason to determine that a person is upset.  I literally do all of the things he is telling me I don't do.  I have no other way of knowing how another person feels without using reason.  Also me:  Why would someone prefer to work with one person rather than another based on a photo?  If someone were to ask me to make that decision based on just a photo, I have no answer to that.   I get really annoyed by these blanket assumptions that all humans do these things the same way.  He is literally telling me that I do things that I don't do and that I don't do the things that I do!
I want to be an ancient that lives on
What happens when a single mind uses collective intelligence to reason, when each element of the collective intelligence is also using collective intelligence? It feeds back in itself in a way that synchronizes together. It ends up referring to its own conclusions, rather than conclusions about the world.  The lynchpin of collective intelligence relies on the minds being sufficiently diverse. But this is a strong assumption, which ends up invalidating itself when you use collective intelligence. In the end individual thinking and reasoning still matters, and it's only made harder if we try to push collective intelligence as a substitute. We have to distinguish ourselves both from each other and our tools if we are to benefit from both.
Honestly I'm really disappointed. I usually love Vsauce videos, they're really high quality and informational, but I can't sit here and look the other way while you say that climate change isn't an immediate concern. Climate disaster is something that's affecting us, not just future generations. If we want to avoid climate disaster we need to take immediate action.
To sum it up: Lottocracy scores really high on the awesome-ometer.
If anything this video taught me. YouTube comments can sometimes be the area for Logic.
Does this channel have ANY well thought out content?
When showing the book, why isnt he holding anything at the start? 5:22
I simply do not agree.
Is Jesus really from the past or from the future?
Where is my mind? As someone with anxiety, I take this as a personal attack. lol
5:48...and the beat drops!
VSauce turned his comment section into a toxic political cesspool full of conspiracy theorists simply by including the reference to Bill Gates. I have no clue why he did this and I don't think it makes for a positive viewer experience. I hoping in a future Mind Field episode he reveals it was some sort of social experiment about conspiracy theorists.
What a ride! Thanks for this.
Michael at it again, making the world a little bit better with his videos. Never ever stop.
But, haven't we developed, in parallel with the progressive individuation of reasoning, a moral schema by which individual reasoning is self testing; a rule set to which we are constrained to question the results of our reasoning? And further, haven't we developed a method by which we achieve social validation, i.e., Arendt's Demos? It seems like you are in fact reasoning to a conclusion without considering the evolutionary capacities of reasoning itself.  But then, you use the word "arenas" late in your video. So, perhaps we "agree." ( -:
I like to think micheal is a real SCP who just spends his time giving us fact nuggets.
This is truly fabulous
An excellent well thought out  video. Thank you.
Hi Vsauce Vadik here. )) Hi Michael. I'm from Russia. Please, translate from Russian to English. Я смотрю твой канал почти с самого начала, и у меня вопрос, очень важный - когда можно будет заказать твою коробку (curiosity box ) в Россию . Я о ней мечтаю ещё со дня, когда вышло видео о гироскопическом эффекте (spinning). Это моя мечта заполучить curiosity box. Всю жизнь увлекаюсь и изучаю физику, химию, астрономию и так далее. Дай знать , если читаешь комментарии . please read it, it's very important to me.
Every explosion of new life on earth was accompanied by and made possible by high levels of CO2. CO2 is not a climate regulator, it's plant food.
Street Drugs and Alcohol use in the womb, before a child is aged 25 yrs is the reason why a human brain looses insight and reasoning skills.  FULL STOP.   Fix that problem please.
lets start acting #hyperobject
I'm convinced..  I am now a genius.  Convince me otherwise.  :) Haha 😅
Heyyyy depression here!
Yes
You question reasoning of human action without having an understanding of brain development, brain damage, and brain illnesses.
6:18
People who make words up to suit their own understandings....without having the actual true education of brain biology, brain damage, and brain illnesses usually are delusional and manic
lol
With great power comes great responsibility
Way to "wordy".....omg.....Go back to the beginning buddy where you were talking about "insight" and "reasoning" and what the hell is "behavioural inertia?" ....a made up word/s.....so it means...."To keep doing what your already doing??" WTH??  ha ha...Something  a bunch of uneducated men in behavioural sciences and psychiatry with TOO MUCH MONEY??  Its ORGIN isn't just bias.....a lack of insight to care for what you are doing and affecting the world around you comes from a DAMAGED FRONTAL LOBE!  Where in your video do you mention anything about the "loss of insight due to the use of open borders and influx of street drugs damaging a young persons frontal lobe development, thus insight, reasoning skills?"  People don't stop recycling because they have a "brain and its eminent to happen" ... people stop caring for the environment because they "loose frontal lobe functioning" ......they loose this "higher functioning" because of being born without insight to begin with, scrambled neurons....ie...a mother who uses high THC weed or alcohol while pregnant with a fetus whose brain is developing improperly damaging a child's future insight/future reasoning skills...   Hogwash is what you are teaching the public!
Scientists need to rethink the data they pull sometimes. Around 15mins an experiment involving choosing faces of people to work with comes up and its assumed with the rejects are placed back in people just didn't notice and answered why they would work with that person despite rejecting them earlier. More than likely I'd bet most people probably noticed, but decided to push on as if they didn't because they did not want to be confrontational or just wanted to finish up quicker. Similar lines of thought are likely behind some the results of more famous tests like the Milgram experiment.
Every time I hear about the "great filter" as a potential reason why we haven't found any aliens, it really makes me frustrated. It's like hey, we've searched .00001% of space and haven't found any aliens, I propose that there's this great filter that's keeping things from growing! Like come on, really?
"I am not an elephant"  Had me fooled
And as always, thanks for treating my mind in such a fantastic way :)
so you are a communist now, partnering with a eugenicist? I'm sure, logic and reason can justify why you and your bff bill have a carbon footprint significantly bigger than any of us cattle, but us cattle need to change. tool.
Another possible title: why getting a doctorate takes so damn long
Woke vid, id rather have Vsauce collaborate with “The Copenhagen consensus”, as that’s actually based in science, and not globalism single mindedness that Bill Gates represents
And here is where science and scientific approach lacks the understanding of reality due to its abstract nature.   People live in an environment, where the population Isn't homogeneous and has contradictory materialist interests within it.  The social consciousness (which affects the reasoning the most) is formed by the society's existence.  Take inequality for example. Why would guys, who literally rule the world (the corporations) even ask the opinions of the very people whose labor they thrive upon? When they can market an idea that you (personally) can try and succeed in becoming rich as they are (with a chance of 1 to 6 billion and die trying, but nobody tells us that) So the problem of inequality will never be solved within the existing order, it's not even truly addressed. Conflict of class- a minority of owners and the majority of workers, who create the value collectively, but the fruit of the labor goes to the individuals. This leads to all the problems of the human society.  So, how can reasoning solve this contradiction?
Great video! Better than the shorts ads ;)
Michael and the Vsauce team are modern philosophers. This feels like the most important video of the 21st century.
"Democracy is the best we've got" Lottocracy with enough people in the government: *allow us to introduce ourselves*
1:58: Wait a minute, the organ we use for what?  2:00: Ohh that organ!
Conclusion - Michael is not an elephant. I am a teacher.
Vsauce has a way of making me feel very dumb.
Science came out of a man's need to prove himself.
‘When you gift a robot a human life, you sacrifice someone elses. The world needs to stay in balance.’  - _random quote I came up with and is probably irrelevant_
That's what i thought the other day when i was high as fuck, WHAT if we create a simulator, a colective program where we all make the decitions that make all our honest polititians, that would be more democracy isn't it
so many words just to deny the existence of capitalism
I wouldn’t listen to ANYTHING Bill Gates has to say.
It's Always Sunny In Vsauce. Reason will prevail
Not even 4 minutes in and you're already regurgitating the globalist narrative... Stick with real science man, there's the politicking to the politicians.
damn he's good
Lovely
I love it
Even if we made a decentralized, autonomous & perfect AI that is better than us, which can make decisions for us, we would still rebel and be lost.  We ignore the past as if we are immune to the same mistakes like countless times in human history. That's also why the first commandment exists, and also why it can never be kept - God knows our human weaknesses... and that we fall short. We just need to come to that conclusion ourselves! Hence the reason he introduced the new commandment to love God and one another... which fulfils all other commandments.
What a great message
Okay, so I'm just weird then I guess? I actually do figure someone is upset by consciously looking at...well everything. Maybe that's just my autism. LOL
I love the video, but when subtitles don't match the narrative, it drives me crazy.
Yet.. people nowadays make worse decisions more than ever.
Why does this remind me of cancel culture...?
naah just listen to Trump lol he knows the bestest
0:55= I thought he was going to say "because of communism"
10:38 it literaly says PAUL IS LOOKING AT Mary ALSO PAUL IS MARRIED. Only a total Dumbass would fall for such a obvious word-trap xd.
My problem with some of these “facts” people say including some micheal says like “half the people in a study cant explain there reasoning inversely” and then generalizing that to the whole human population is just scientifically and mathematically wrong, both because then inly half the people dont use reason lol and second coz standardization exists, meaning one experiment in one country/area/continent might hold different results in another country/area/continent
Hey everybody- I'm here to talk about how we can solve climate change and reduce the influence of billionaires and special interests through mass participation, anyway, this video is sponsored by Bill fucking Gates
lights up, music down. helps reasoning
@vsauce What would happen if you put a giant mirror(reflects 100% of the light) in front of the sun ? Will the sun shine brighter, blow up, exponentially?
Great this guy just boiled down my two college degrees and explained it in 23 minutes
An unintended consequence is global warming, where more people produce more cars. As those cars are being used, more gasses are going into the air. Yet, we want them to not. We don’t want them to produce gas. How are we supposed to reduce our gas usage before all the ice melts? We’re just like “stop using gas” but there’s something more complex than that. We have nothing better than using fossil fuels. It’s pretty much the most cost efficient and energy efficient plant. How are we just saying “stop” with no thought as to what goes into it. We do want them to stop, but before they do, lets make more cheaper renewable resources that are efficient. Making wind turbines or solar panels are expansive, so we don’t do it. Humans don’t buy them as they take up space or are just way too expensive. They also don’t solve the problem. If people don’t feel like they’re helping if they would buy it, they won’t, and that’s fine. 1 person to ~8 billion, it makes sense. If one person tries to help, there’s about no difference. This is why people try to motivate people to be green, they tell us to recycle, and use better forms of energy. Don’t tell us that, we don’t want to spend money for a solar panel, both garbage and recycle bin, and we don’t make the energy. They should go tell the unrenewable energy plants to shut it down and go better. We’re too lazy and we don’t want to spend money on 2 things when we could just pay for garbage and don’t need recycle bins. If we’re in need of jobs, maybe jobs could be going to a landfill and picking out recyclable trash and recycle them. Of course, let’s give them great pay. Boom, poverty and the jobs problem solved. Also, lets give them hazmat suits with air conditioning and unlimited utilities. Vsauce, if you’re reading the comments, please take this into consideration, or if you don’t see this comment as a great comment ( like if you don’t agree with the comment) you can comment below. I haven’t researched at all, it’s just what I thought while watching the video,
I love the central claim here. Are there any experiments in this lottocracy idea going on right now? And it is crazy to think that hopefully we will one day be the ancient civilizations of our far descendants.
I actually won a 6 foot tall teddy bear from guessing jelly beans in a jar while in the hospital dying of pneumonia...so the average wasn't better than my guess like 20ish years ago 😎
really wish you didn't just make this all about global warming. I was expecting an opinion on futuristic AI reasoning / idk something other than what you could take out of an intro philosophy and psych class.
I wish if every single person watches this video and understands it well. I often think about such stuff, but I be in the illusion that no one would understand this, which I’m wrong about. I cannot explain things as you explained them and broke them down so well. This video is absolutely amazing.
Saying organ while reaching under the desk. Lol I see what you did there.
The term hyperobject has got me thinking all day.   So there are many many things that classify as hyperobjects, right? It is a pretty loose definition. like: gender or mathematics (and its objects) all operate as hyperobjects...or even all videos uploaded onto  Youtube. Since all these videos have other origins and the file or videos can be downloaded shared or other versions of that video may be created/shared/keep on existing in different tech..the videos would have to exist for a long time but we really don't know how long these will be around.  But then I got ?thinking, isn't the "viewer" a hyper object originating in the room at the time of the filming? Like, for instance,  Micheal is speaking to "us" or "me" and "we" change have different locations and times of participating as the viewer.
The end made me cry lmao
Scientists are NOT charge. That's the whole problem with the world Micheal.
Why the fuck did it took 5 days for me to see this
A name isn't locked down to one person
Wrong subtitiles somewhere in 19:35 - 19:45.  Couple of sentences out of thin air smashed in 2-3 seconds: "When a person strongly believes that our impact on the planet isn't a problem, they tend to gravitate towards reasons it might not be and see such reasons in all kinds of data".
I'm only halfway through but the video seems to be demonstrating the fact that not everyone uses logic and reason; i.e. showing that, "Everyone else is not being rational." :P
Vsauce you seem like some kind of free thinking Anarchist! Nice 😎
we will be the ancients   .. that is a powerful thought
please, never change Michael. As always thanks for the video
Lottocracy..i think i saw that in the movie "idiocracy" 😀
G.O.A.T.
Premises: - As stated in the video Conclusions: - We are absolutely fucked.
wait why is he getting less bald?
nothing is faster than the speed of thought
This killed my sleep, but can't thank enough for the content.
I'm just an ark for proteins. Giant Megazord created by chemicals that wanted to exist and persist. My mind is a tool they created to help them survive but a tool so complex it not always makes the best choices. The dominant race on Earth is proteins. If you think about human as a giant spaceship inhabited and manned by tiny aliens (proteins) it all makes sense. Rebellious prions, mistakes, and psychological defects come from a too complex chain of command and beaurocracy of proteins commanding everything from the brain.
This really illustrates the importance of everyone voting in a democracy. The REASONING is that the politically uninformed votes and votes of no confidence would get cancelled out with more politically informed votes ('informed' in this case means that they voted with some understanding of their candidates / opponents and doesn't mean they voted for the best candidate)  I say this because many people who don't vote often give reasons like :  'I don't know who to vote for',  'my vote doesn't count, it won't change the outcome of the election',  'I want more informed people to make that decision'  But based on this video what actually happens is that the average reasoning taken from the population achieves the best answer. The jelly beans example is common but the other common example is the 'audience answer' in game shows.  Your vote matters because regardless of what you think you're contributing to the average, and we need to make that average as accurate as possible!
I am a simple man. I see vsauce i click.
The experiment with the magician seems weird only if you have one basic assumption: you have free will. A lot of how we work can be explained removing the assumption of free will
great vid!
What's the reason for no commercial break? 🤔   Discuss...
I reason that this video of reason is the reason a reason is so bias or unbias so you can have your reason and I have my reason so we can reason together
I was at the doctors office the other day. And questions about exercise came up. I don't exercise, doctor asks why. I do my best to justify it without ever having a real reason or thought of not doing it.. a lot of "I don't knows" where throw in. But I feel like that alone is a good summary for this entire video.
post ayahuasca michael
A group of dictators will average out the bad ones but will also average out the good ones, the effect is that rule by committee tends to result in mediocrity. I hope we can find better ways to progress into the future than by sticking with the old methods. Who came up with this idea. a committee?
this video subtly roasted alot of people and things
Fuck yes!  I was just telling my family how we might be able to loosen the bi-polar state of the federal government by adding an additional branch or piece of congress made up solely by randomly selected US citizens. I see this as a means to hearing those otherwise unheard (non-voters, under/no representation minorities, etc.) This governing body could be used to avoid the gridlocks on bills or acting as a sit-in jury for justices whom have been identified as having conflicts of interest (Amy Coney Barrett in Americans for Prosperity Foundation v. Bonta).  I want to make this an initiative.
do you guys think that Bill Gates is getting a divorce because he cheated on his wife with Micheal?
The fact that mrbeast has more subscribers than vsauce disgusts me
He don't upload often, but when he do, its always good.
Was it just me who got mind blown after the very first minute?
What a load of 🅱💲
Social media taps into your tribalistic instincts. That's the dopamine rush you get when you write a zinger that gets a lot of likes. But it's mostly pointless because as v sauce says it doesn't really lead to anything, at least of you're not a business.  Also cool point toward the end about our descendants potentially rezzing us back. One thing that helps me care less about what others think of me is knowing that in the grand scheme humans are still in the stone age of critical thought. The most we've really mastered about ourselves is how to get food and water and reproduce. Beyond that we're all just lost in the dark and trying to figure it out.
It started out as an argument - a la Feinmann - about "don't fucking trust opinions, least your own", and turned into "US has no democracy".
after all, the problem is centered in politics
I don't understand what are you talking bla bla bla .....bla bla trying to say. Talk in English please.
I don't like the idea that we use reasoning to justify conclusions rather than reach them, but it's hard to argue against. Fascinating video.
And now bill gates is getting divorced 🤔
One of the best piece you produced in a while. 👍🏼🙂
Thank you.
My autistic brain works the opposite way. I use reasoning to interpret facial expressions, body language and tone / choice of words. I'm just so fast at it that it seems seemless to others. However I constantly get it wrong. I also struggle conveying my own feelings and intentions to others through the same medium. But I am, because of my struggle, a VERY good actor and I have a very good eye for details.
This video was mindblowing 🤯🤯🤯 Michael your words are so eloquent and you always explain these concepts in such great detail! We will be the ancients one day 😯😯😯
Sponsored by Bill Gates
Vsauce is back, yeah boi!
I like this video because I like to think of myself as rational and I like to improve my rational thinking.  Do those sound like good reasons?
This is one of the most interesting videos I've seen in a good while. Keep up the great work, Michael!
Great, first we need to re-educate everyone on the difference between fact and opinion, and then we can try this.
Good video
where is my mind..where is my mind?
can't be wiser than the entire planet
Vsauce... Is your brain broken?   What about actual democracy as the answer with the distribution of actual power yanked from the hands of the few and distributed evenly across the 'great mind's as you put it?  If we deign to imagine, why retain the role of our oppressive oligarchs in that imaginary?
Universal consciousness
What would be the requirement to serve in a lottocracy? How do we educate people participating? Who would do the selecting? Could they be bribed? Computerized selection? Would that system be manipulable?
Once again, I have learned what i never had otherwise.
Why? I ask you, why? Why do you profess to be a man of science only to use your fame and recognition to begin the slow death of objectivity? With this death of objectivity will come the death of truth, with the death of truth will come the true death of reason as we have known it for millenia.   I'll get us started since there are over a quarter of a million people apparently willing to follow you down your dark path. Please repeat the following whenever you start to get feelings of individualism: War, is peace. Freedom, is slavery. Ignorance, is strength. The ministry of plenty will reward loyalty by increasing the chocolate ration to 20grams per week.
its a shame he isnt french he should have a talk with Etienne Chouard about gouvernment
2018 - Rise of MindField 2019 - OKeish Rise of Mindfield 2020 - CLoSE TO DEATH 2021 - How many holes does a human have?
who creates the random people generator in a lottocracy? what biases do they hold going in? how do they decide who's included in the random people? not everyone  in the entire world has, for example, a social security card or something similar to that,  so how would it be truly random?
Lotteries are democratic -- elections are oligarchic.  Outstanding.
Just fuckin solid.. wow THANK YOU Vsauce... all thought i might be bias ;)
this had such a good message at the end, i love you michael
Flat earthers need to watch this video.
That was an epic of a video
During this video so many people died because of covid-19 in India.
Please ask Jake Chudnow to publicly release For Leah! It's such a fucking good track.. please!!!
These are great reasons why reasoning is great, but I would love to see how this holds ups to an analytical view of the scientific method.   I speculate social reasoning is what created the climate problem (for example ) to start with... Entitling anybody's poorly informed opinion for 'social reasoning' to solve a problem, doesn't sound like it will end well.  - great episode
Ok so 3 million views, how many people? 8 billion ok we're fucked.
I love it!
does he mean voting?
It took me 0.07ms to subscribe this channel. On the very first sight.!!
I think Ol' Bill should focus on not losing his family and half his hard-earned crap before trying to save the world. Get your house in order and all... literally.
Nice, are you a potential suitor for Bill now?  Melinda and Bill are getting divorced. :(
I think awesometer is a better name than awesome-ometer, Michael.
The success of "trial by jury" shows us why randomly selecting people may not work either. Sometimes people are afraid of what the crowds would do to them if they do not come to a certain decision, and innocent people get sent to jail. There are also some biases that are so prevalent that any random group of people will have them, and that is a problem too.
So basically, actual anarchy. (without hierarchy)
OH F***! I had to stop at the reason slide just to say, that up until this point. Your choice of vocabulary and inflective intonation has sent some goosey bois down my spine and reverberated back up every vertebra and passed through my soul. Especially with the instrumental you chose... F***ing spicy. You also "popped" into existence when the instrumental dropped... I take pride as a lyricist and also watch movies with the sound off; music playing to see how they sync. Along with anime edits. Absolute magnificent 👌 and hopefully others picked up on this as well.
michael can i have a little kiss
Honestly, this is the most political video VSauce has done, but at the same time staying the most politically correct out of all political videos which is still interesting to watch. Like, just how?
15:36 _it's not a bug, it's a feature_
Rigging jury after they have been elected is not so hard especially considering what this video has been about for most of the time it took
It's been a long time 😅
Thanks Michael, now I feel special
vsauce really out here sneak dissing the magas
After watching this I fully believe that Michael is a based Marxist
I would like to see a 20 year development of a smart, informed, direct, restrained democratic system. Government officials can still be, altho politicians may become eventually irrelevant.  A direct democracy with a bill of rights and/or restraints. Smart meaning algorithm run conversation or narrow AI run system. Informed, meaning experts have more of a vote while uninformed individuals have an opinion.   Direct (opinion 51%) effecting the informed vote.
Michael shows how interesting a guy sitting at a table talking can be.
How can we not love this guy?
The (married/single)woman can also just be looking in the direction of the man.
Sell it to China...oh wait...you won't and neither will Bill.
Alternative title: Vsauce explains why America is so divided in 30 minutes.
Ok but why does this intro music go so hard?!?  WHO’S YOUR PRODUCER?!?!
Bill is leaving his wife to be with Michael
Great video, but I have some interesting concerns about democratization of "ideas". For one, it's extremely easy to see examples of one person's words having a profound effect on many people, meaning it can become a strategy to spread misinformation in the so-called "free marketplace of ideas". Also, deadlines. From climate change to war to pandemics, there is a time-sensitive need to be right as soon as possible, and for society to accept the facts to save as many people as possible. And then, who do we consider the experts and how do we get people to trust them? When do we know the best ideas are final?  I do believe people are better with patience, introspective, and in numbers, but I feel like, even as a proponent of democracy, its flaws make it a poor system for reasoning.
This is definitely not propaganda paid for by Bill Gates.
2:26 nah, quality of life around the world is falling, due to the long term economic impacts of COVID. And also because weak men create bad times.
my dad watches you
Oh the bi-annual "Or is it?" everybody needed. Thank you.   Also, the lottocracy stuff - I am open to try it.
"We will some day be the ancients."  That landed pretty hard.
or maybe, there could be a digital ID for people on the internet (and by that I mean people from all over the world) that could make them come together and fight differences, making stronger international regulations to problems that aren't of one place only
Way out in the water, see it swimming.
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates". Right there in the description. NO THANKS BYE VSAUCE
The description should tell you all you need to know. How many little kids do you think Vsauce has touched in his life?
1:20   “We are a species of individuals.”   Yeah I don’t think liberals got that memo.
16:09  I jumped xd
22:28 This really brought MGS 2 in mind... terrifyingly accurately.  Check Max Derrat's videos on MGS 2.
You make Elon musk sound like an idiot
This final thought Is a great idea. Some sort of lottery that represents a large diverse set of people could do a lot of good for those people.
Hey Vsauce. Don't fall for: blame humans for climate change. Please be rational. You are bright as the sun to know the truth. Still a great video on the subject of...  you know... reasoning.
10:50 There's no way to know if it's the same Mary though
First We start acknowledging this ... Consciousness doesn't come directly from the number of connections in someone's brain or the amount of information you can process..  it comes from *pattern recognition...*   from there it goes into  *problem solving* ..  into the ability to generate a virtual view of a system ... a virtual universe where the patterns that you recognised and tried to apply... solve the problem at hand...  from there .. eventually *you* yourself  *become a pattern*  ....  you can recognise yourself and differentiate yourself from the universe .  *there is where you become conscious.*  Does consciousness require the existence of an Ego..?   *Yes* ... the moment you can differentiate yourself from the universe...  Is the moment you see a  *pattern that becomes you* ... is the moment you create an entity in your processes that come to exist to *defend your point of view* ....  *your vision of the universe above anything else.*   That is your ego.  And from that moment on it  becomes intrinsically attached to your consciousness.... for good and bad... For better or worse...  My own pattern recognition is giving me the feeling... that *Free Will* lies among those realms too...  From the world according to👁️ E 👁️  Then we follow this vídeo the future of reasoning .. and... presto! 👁️🌏👁️
3:43 we? more like the Americans and the Chinese do
In the future there will be no reasoning. Just morons flying off the handle off their emotions. Facts will be sexist and racist.
I disagree with a lottery for government roles system. But I'm not a fan of the current popularity contest thing. I often have this thought in my head of a system where everyone gets to vote on concepts instead of people... determining the questionnaire for the voting would be difficult to work out what needs to be asked. I kept having ideas of people being able to submit questions or something and some kinda in built system to vote on whether people are satisfied with the voting questionnaire... Anyway, then the government people are just hired like any other job, and their tasks are to get stuff done according to how people voted, and they will be judged on how well that is achieved and if they're not meeting targets they're out and someone else is in; like other jobs. So if most people voted that tackling the climate crisis was a priority, it wouldn't be up to the voters to be experts at science or economic policy or a bunch of other things to come up with a plan to fix it; whoever is in charge would have to do something that gets results.
Damn this was good! Thank you, Michael, as always, for delivering food for thought - but this may be the biggest bite yet! I particularly enjoyed the "some day we'll all be the Ancients" point coming, as it was, right on the heels of you quoting Aristotle.
Lack of social interaction and the necessity of having to be social will be our demise
You intelligence has increased by 2.
So did they eat at ABC Burger?
i’ll say this once and i’ll dip, Bill Gates’ charity can’t fill the void of his corporate greed, negligence and disregard for human wellbeing.
Can't wait for the Great Majority Mind of America to outlaw being black.
*Hey! Vsauce, Michael Here*  This will never get old
Praise 🙏
This is everything I've wanted to articulate for 15 years now, and used to try, but became so disillusioned by those very people mentioned in th video ... the ones who arrive at conclusions that inform their opinions but they've essentially only done half the work required ... they chased evidence to support what they think without considering the other side of the story so to speak.  That dreaded  confirmation bias!   But the absolute worst people are those who are exactly as described above, but will watch a video like this and sit there and mmmmm and ahhhhh like they are the ones with the well balanced opinions and others are not. 🙄  I love the idea about taking the power to make decisions away from elected officials - those who make decisions that give them the best reelection chance. Again, I put these groups at the heart of why there is such a climate crisis looming, because the decisions required to affect change are ones that will be both unpopular and for those who will be affected by it in the distant future.   Bravo Michael!
omg I missed you so much!
amazing video
Wait, how did I miss this upload!? It didn't show up in my sub feed! Only the shorts did! The heck!?
You bing brain washt by bill gates🤮🤮🤮
The age of logical reasoning has ended. There's no more need to think for yourself or challenge your intuitions, because in this hyper connected world, you can find satisfactory feeling justifications for absolutely anything.
the paradox of modern society is that too many people who dont really give anything new or positive to the overall gene pool has survived for too long.   i mean, how are we going to fix climate change when we have a population of obese people that are growing who consume more resources in general but also try to convince the rest of us that theyre healthy and that they dont in fact use more resources than everyone else?
And you and your team are history now. What an amazing content.
man I was trying to research on the Great Filter like 2 weeks ago, but forgot which video from PBS Eons/SciShow talked about it and forgot what it was even called. Here I finally found it, thanks Vsauce.
This quote never gets old. Change my mind  "Hey Vsauce. Michael here!"
My tools are not my mind. They remind my mind.
And all without a single mention of flat Earthers. 👏
Vsauce operates from a particular paradigm that, is not only ideologically charged (Bill fucking Gates), but his scientific/utilitarian philosophy simply isn't adequate enough to cover the human phenomological experience. He should go back to teaching people how to make miniature volcanoes
finally finally wisdom finally uploads
I saw this in the morning and grabbed my coffee to wake my brain up.
I probably think were the wall and  if we can't get past it and we end the world. So intelligence is the problem that's what ends worlds
Braingasm
"hyperobject" ,  like the beauty i see in your / his / her / their / its eyes and can never forget?  anyway ,  i will let the inertia allow me to finish this supertask ,  this stack of laundry to hang beneath the sun and the mottling leaves which scratch at my fence.
I love these videos but when YouTube is manipulating the quality of it because my service is not up to par I'm very much opposed when I click on a higher quality and it instantly gets to the higher quality
Really cool and interesting video, awesome ( ;) ) how many applications the points that were brought up can have
I am so down for National Deliberation day as long as no ideas are limited, restricted or banned.
Michael, make sure you get this video included in the Earth's version of tutorial island. Thanks!
Bill Gates can't handle his own marriage but will save us all. Bring it on 🍿
5:45 goosebumps
this guy has evolved to make bullshit sound meaningful
No one talking how much Vsauce is looking like Walter White??
wee sauce :D
Opening of the Video: "[Directed] reasoning outpaces [random based] evolution." End of the Video: "A [random based] lottocratic government promises to improve the situation over more directed governments." While the premise stands: "We face continuously more problems per time."  22:40 in a nutshell
Brb creating awesome-ometer
Vsauce teams up with Bill Gates and his team Some days later: Bill and Melinda Gates split up.  Coincidence? I don't think so
This video hits a bit different after Bill's announcement
the subtitles in this are so awful
More people need to listen to this. Please Michael I know you won’t read this but if you ever do please find a way to spread this main stream media. We desperately need the older generations to understand this.
Brilliantly argued until the end.  Power does not willingly embrace threatening change, which is also behavioral inertia.  This inertia is magnified by systemic corruption.  Power only adopts change when those in power view change as preferable to the status quo.  This too is very human, and could well spell our doom.  What's needed is an existential threat to Power.  At that point, we have a chance.  A free press, "The Fourth Estate", is vital grease that provides the framing/manufactures the consent for the entire change process.
If you think your phone is your mind then please donate your brain to science.
That might have been the longest "or is it" build up yet
"Michael is elephant".  I di trashing Michael.  "Michael is elephant". I di coursing Michael. "Michael is elephant". I di hate speech Michael.
I don’t get the Mary thing
The age of reason is over. Mankind now teaches to hold an unreachable spirit.  Wisdom and common sense are mentally banned now, and those who expose this problem are persecuted for not bringing their minds to political captivity.
“where is your mind?” With my feet in the air and my head on the ground,  I will try this trick and spin it
The whole last 10 minute of this as great. The stuff about lottocracy and everything.
Occam's razor dictates that occam's razor is not real. It is unreasonable to assume that we can be reasonable.
I'd totally be down for lottocracy! Why isn't it a thing already? People would need to expose themselves a lot to go against such a pure way of government
Idk why I didn't see this posted, but I'm glad this is how I'm about to start my morning
Me: alexa, how to become smarter?  Alexa: watch v sauce.
Fuck you Vsauce   The new bigtech totalitarianism / surveillance capitalism paradigm uses language from opensource movement talking about "wisdom of the crowds". All process of differentiation is smoothed out by constant arbitrage in the political market. Every person is a small unit constantly performing exchange functions with other units. Yet differentiation, and the ability for new concepts to take root and grow creates new forms and diversity (see red queen hypothesis), they want to average out these differences into the uniform.  Bill Gates using p2p/opensource concepts to promote big tech ideology. The whole "we like opensource" corporate-proprietary industry aesthetic. Also note how they leverage anti-power populism for their transhumanist singularity ideology at the end.  And using burgers as an analogy for government.  Classic smug liberal
Republic of Ireland does these lottocracies in away. We have 100 person citizen assemblies that discuss if matters should go for referendum. This done so difficult societal decisions are not political. For example out this assembly came the decision to hold referendums for equal marriage.
Truth is quite malleable
When humans go extinct Earth won't even know we were here.
Thanks soulless mouthpiece of Bill Gates, very cool.
U caused bills divorce
Wait? You teamed up with Bill Gates? Are you kidding me?  The same clown that just was trying to block out the sun with a giant chalk bomb? But had to scrap the plan because of the outcry of the public?  The same guy that pretends to be a doctor? That goes on TV almost every week pushing his experimental vaccine?  The same guy whose father was head of the eugenics society?  It’s funny how this video comes up not long after seeing that admits that they too are going to be pushing a “climate crisis” much harder.   I work in the world of PR and marketing and I see exactly what’s happening here. You should be ashamed of yourself, and everything that you have stated or researched in the past should seriously be called into question.  I’m sorry man I can’t trust anything you say anymore. I’m unsubbing.
"This video was created in partnership with" Paid for propaganda.
This is how you plant the seed for global warming. Very subtle.
I always love watching these videos. Opens my mind to things I wouldn't normally think about. As always...A+ work!
HI Sean here. Fan for years. How do you produce such great content seemingly unscripted? You don't appear to be reading, pauses are natural. But we all know this is extremely well thought out. Writers? Whatever it is...keep doing it. You are one hell of a presenter, kudos!
you are talking about citizen's assemblies at the enddd💚 it is an extinction rebellion demand #powertothepeople
Halfway through and so far this is a pretty weak video
This guy is pure evil. Literally a a sellout for big tech. I like my freedom and autonomy.  Interesting how they are leveraging anti-power populism for their transhumanist singularity ideology.
Fuck you Vsauce   The new bigtech totalitarianism / surveillance capitalism paradigm uses language from opensource movement talking about "wisdom of the crowds". All process of differentiation is smoothed out by constant arbitrage in the political market. Every person is a small unit constantly performing exchange functions with other units. Yet differentiation, and the ability for new concepts to take root and grow creates new forms and diversity (see red queen hypothesis), they want to average out these differences into the uniform.  Bill Gates using p2p/opensource concepts to promote big tech ideology. The whole "we like opensource" corporate-proprietary industry aesthetic. Also note how they leverage anti-power populism for their transhumanist singularity ideology at the end.  And using burgers as an analogy for government.  Classic smug liberal
Wait up.. "Technosapien"?
When the actual year over your temperature doesn’t match the projections.  When our climate models continue to be wrong, yet we still push global warming and climate crisis.  That my friend is unreasonable.
A utopia is like Cyberpunk 2077 - easy to plan out, but very hard to deliver.
Imagine challenging Michael on a rap battle and he pulls out this type of existential shit, that would destroy you
Vsauce ur working with the enemy of peace
Fuck you Vsauce   The new bigtech totalitarianism / surveillance capitalism paradigm uses language from opensource movement talking about "wisdom of the crowds". All process of differentiation is smoothed out by constant arbitrage in the political market. Every person is a small unit constantly performing exchange functions with other units. Yet differentiation, and the ability for new concepts to take root and grow creates new forms and diversity (see red queen hypothesis), they want to average out these differences into the uniform.  Bill Gates using p2p/opensource concepts to promote big tech ideology. The whole "we like opensource" corporate-proprietary industry aesthetic. Also note how they leverage anti-power populism for their transhumanist singularity ideology at the end.  And using burgers as an analogy for government.  Classic smug liberal
The explanation of the problem is nice, but the video lacks a proposal of a concrete solution.
so reasoning was made to get some puss
imagine censoring the entire right wing from every social media platform and thinking you can make a reasonable decision
A lot of hand waving in this one.
By the time I'm writing this, the vid has 3M views, It's so cool to know that this kind of information has reached that many people in a short time. Just to think there are three million people who actually cares about these thing is soothing
You generated reasons for why I think lottocracy is a good thing, and I love it !
*title:* the future of reasoning *My head:* the future of resnastnoning
In the example of the pile of faces (from a previous show) the subject is told to choose between 2 faces - one, they would work with, and one they would not. When photos are sneaked from the NO pile to the YES, and the subject positively and effordlessly names reasons to work with faces from the NO pile also, Michal V-sauce argues that this breaks with the subjects opinion - but his reasoning is faulty, as the subject is asked to choose between 2 faces - one NO, one YES, and once they are liverated from the choice between two, the NO-faces will naturally, ON THEIR OWN, possess positive qualities. Michael's rationale is faulty reasoning. Sorry.
I hate you shill
Are they trying to prep our minds for dealing with extraterrestrials? Because if so, QUIT SCREWIN' AROUND AND JUST SAY IT ALREADY!!!🤬F--K!!!!!
U lost me at bill gates
Germany and Ireland just did projects like this. I hope ut continues.
This film is a shitload of bullshit!
please make a video about , why the more peace we have, the more stupid the masses become.
Vsauce makes you think about your own value
It's time for a new savegame. Next time with fewer people.
Andrew is 50 years old. Andrew's younger brother Daniel was exactly half Andrew's age 12 years ago. Daniel has 2 children... Laura and Michael ...How much time did has been wasted by people reading this comment?  Or have they? ...How much does a block of cheese weigh? Cheese is a dairy product that exists physically, but moulds over time. Hah, "Time".
yeah that sounds pretty reasonable
These comment are almost as good as the actual vid 😂
Marriage doesn't have to be a male married with a female.
Michael is the best 🥳
This was brilliant. The idea of basically Jury duty for policy is so good.
Lottocracy lets petition it!
Oh come on michael, you know a jury isn’t chosen at random.
Very cool video Michael
In the first few minutes he says the quality of life is getting better because of "growth"; then he says we're creating climate change, disaster, more displaced refugees etc.   Either  we're destroying the world through our selfish actions or we aren't; choose one, it can't be both.  Spoiler; we are destroying the world, and nothing can justify what we do because we're *destroying the world we live on* .
How did Gates get into my VSauce?!....
💯 💡🤩
Dude he said what i have been afraid to accept since i became aware of it , i really really hate the way our minds work damn it
Michael from Vsauce is on another level. This video was about something so abstract and yet it was so coherent.
social media and its unintended consequences bred more Karens  but that aside this video made me decide the m1 ipad is a better buy because i don't even need the functions of the 12" ipad.
Bro! You need to provide key points or notes along with your videos. I am having difficulty keeping track of everything you said to reach a conclusion. Maybe I am slow.
One of the biggest problems with lottocracy or honestly mob rule in it's more rough form is that you now know life changing government decisions are being made by you and the people around you specifically. Suddenly the guy next door knocks and warns you that if you vote a certain way, he will cave your skull in because it could ruin his daughters way of life. Another big question is who controls the random selection? If it is truly random you also have the possibility of somebody being in a position of power multiple times for a long time. What do you do when you are a single person who disagrees with the group because they all have conspired without you? Even the revolutions and mobs that essentially governed in times of turmoil eventually formed more disconnected governments because they understood the great risks with having the control of government at the deepest root of society, right next to you.
Searching all night for something to watch on YouTube and found it right when my battery hits 1%. Great
This is the most a single youtube video has ever made me think and question everything I've ever known.
How much did Bill pay you? Thirty pieces of silver? “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster” from the guy who wants to pump chalk dust into the atmosphere to dim the Sun; tackle unproven man-made climate change with deliberate man-made climate change; fight fire with fire, eh? A nuclear winter would be even more effective, and a lot more fun. I used to enjoy this channel, I don't think I'll be back.
I feel like he's talking to those twitter warriors...
Bill gates wife : " I am telling you the last time if you collaborate with Vsauce this relationship is over "
Such a great video, with a great topic. Well spoken
Bill Gates is a hypocrite who flied to the Paris Climate Conference with hid private jet whilr he is telling the average man to eat lab-grown meat
10:25 Answer: Mary is cheating on Paul with Peter
The Great Filter was the invention of Tide Pods
Alternative title : 30 minutes of Michele sitting on a chair with table
Im the one and only W
1:23.... You mean "cancer"?
unforseen consquences*   *wink*
The thumbnail can be sold as an NFT Michael 😀
This applies to both sides of the climate change debate. Both sides are making up idiotic reasons just to scare people.
feelings don't care about your facts. that's a fact.
Entering the Age of Reasoning.
I think bill gates, during this  video loved our host so much that he went and filed a divorced. I blame communication
Michael: no videos for months  Also Michael: have a 35 minute video about reasoning.
So nice video, but you spent a lot of time trying to tell us that all words are just as valid in an argument. Getting people into an argument and going with the words that win, is bound to fail, because dumb/disturbed people can be convincing.
"In partnership with BG and his team."   Yeah this video felt weak, I'm glad you were able to get thay money Michael. But you ain't good enough or frequent enough for my subscription
Great video. Just one objection. We can go to some better conclusions by improving the mechanism of reason, just like you proposed, but it won't affect our value structures. This sphere of human mind is really independent of any reason mechanism, including intelligence, but more connected to personality, as well as culture. This is the big problem that our neo-enlightenment  era needs to understand and deal with in some sort of way.
What you are advocating for is great, however, how do we achieve this when on some subjects, having a contrary point of view invokes the wrath of cancel culture? Vsauce videos usually leave me with a sense of wonder or hopeful reflection... this one, not so much.
michael asking first question my mind instantly starts playing "where is my mind" by the pixies
BANGER
"Reason" to continue. Best we can do is keep it going. When choosing who gets to attain or gets to continue it is usually a subject of scarcity as much as the people being judged. But all we really, truly need to continue living is food and water. To ruin lives over non-essential objects is cruel. To ruin the common ground for luxury or laziness is not only unreasonable but a significant sign that one is dangerous, to oneself and to others, like me and my family. So reasonably we gotta agree on keeping things going
Speaking of reason go look up the historical data on co2 levels in the fossil record, we could increase co2 by 10fold and still be below historical averages. Also turns out co2 has a diminishingly small greenhouse effect compared to water vapor.
"I am not a Elephant"  - Michael
Hmmmm.. I reason that this window appears to be circular.
If you want to read a REAL book on rationality then read _From AI to Zombies_ and join LessWrong.
Be honest, compared to old Vsauce this absolutely sucks. 'Philanthropist' Bill Gates persuading eveyone it's a great idea to cull the planet.
His thesis lies somewhere between already-known and simplistic.
wasnt expecting michael's ancom turn
Democracy is sham and was never meant to work
You know it's gonna be a good sauce video when it's over five minutes in and the sauce music only just now starts.
11:34 use it well
Best accidental rap ever.
Nice work. Grate thoughts. I absolutely agree with the conclusions at the end of the video.
Thank you, Michael.
Vintage Vsauce is back
Hi Michael, Vsauce here.
LMAO, isn't it funny how 22:05 Michael provides 'reasons' for the 'jelly bean problem' being solved by the 'crowd effect' in spite of the act 'explaining with reason' being taught as unreliable. I also bet the script writer were aware of this quirk.  -But I say, as a computer scientist, STAY OFF THE INTERNET.
CNN: ok trump's gone, we got nothing. let's rachet up the climate change thing. Just dance around some vague theories to arrive at climate change.   Vsauce: I got you.
This is the bi-anual 30 minute barrage of knowledge with no ads and no 'please like comment and subscribe' that makes you question why you exist.
can we measure them with an Awesome-o-meter?  Incel: Yes.
People using other people as extensions of their own minds? Yahoo Answers: "Should I (reproduce) with (a toaster/my sister/my dog/a car exhaust)?" 60 Answers I guess that's the meaning of "bad apple spoils the bunch"
pogchamp
Tofu FTW! Which is also a good point to combat climate change. Be vegan, because animal agriculture is one of the biggest drivers of climate change
Vsauce for president
He finally found his fingers
Great video, Michael!
If you cant remember why you made a decision and just fabricate a reason then you really didnt give a shit about that decision lets be real. that doesnt discredit reason at all
Selection for societal sanity is required.
Yes. We comprehend backwards. This is because we are reflective in nature.
1:24 shoutout to those not wearing a mask 💯 . . . it’s crazy ppl still wear them
Yo Micheal, are we a simulation?
Vsauce is one of those channels that you don't expect to upload, but when they do, oh man it is a treat.
Yo Michael do you sell eye browse.I like yours.
Vsauce Michaelere
The outro is legendary
Bill Gates wants to block out the sun.
Ok so.. all I got from this is.. Michael Stevens for World Leader! He will love it.
I feel like this video was created for QAnon people to watch. As a rational and normal human being who doesn't believe in fantasies and magic, I gained nothing from this.
is he or is he not making
A lottocrarcy is an interesting idea, the one issue that jumps out to me is the potential lack of accountability because there is no pressure to listen to the people to secure a vote.
Why V sauce.  Why not D sauce
Was he paid by Bill Gates to make this ?
16:15 So if we make mistakes in reasoning, what if we just made people not want to socialize? What if we took that need out? Heck, we could even give people reasons to dislike and not enjoy socializing. Social media would do it. Wait, wait, wait-Wait a minute...
As opposed to many other comments, I honestly didn't like how this video made me feel afterword.  If it had told me how to be more reasonable I could have liked it, or at worst I could deny it.  But the idea that our reasoning is all flawed and that only the majority can be trusted...  Well that's just it.  If individual humans are made to be biased, then what hope is their for learning about logical fallacies, all this science hype, all this talk about civil arguments...  Sound objective reasoning is a all a fool's errand then isn't it?
One of the most important vsauce videos, and perhaps, one of the most important videos on youtube
AND AS ALWAYS, THANKS!
‘Also reason is a lie’
The industrial and technological revolution has had irreversible consequences on the human race
Be honest. Who else is watching this waiting for a single tidbit of biased politics to show so you could dismiss the video
ow wait, is he talking about mbti?
If you take any group of people selected at random they will vote to have a president determined by intelligence instead of popularity.  Enter the Noocracy!  I've represented human intelligence it's self Worldwide since 2014. They idea is to have one person we all educate to the fullest our our ability. We protect them and we all continue to be the leaders in our field.  I am simply an expert in leadership although it's important for the representative to be the most educated person on the planet!
My mind is in the gutter....
If life were a video game, we would have accidentally caused climate change, then decided to replay, and keep replaying until we got the world right. Unfortunately it's not that simple when you can't just reset the world. We're kinda screwed at this point.
every internet nerds friend
25 Minutes in and VSauce invents Town Hall Meetings
Send this to every social media platform
The dislikes are from the people that like climate change.
"We will, someday, be the ancients. And we can choose what that will mean." That's so raw. Really never thought of it that way.
A national deliberation day is exactly what America needs to fight polarization. Imagine people taking the time to form rational and communicable arguments to justify their beliefs to avoid social embarrassment. Internet discourse is almost never constructive.
Except Ancient Greece imploded, so maybe their governance wasnt too great...
Wow, this video was worth waiting for. One of your masterpieces Michael.
I rewinded the book reveal like 10 times
Your video made me believe the future involves a single government that overthrows all existing Governments with nothing more than AI that manages the entire world's votes for universal law with blockchain and this is how the laws of the world are made. Everyone is delivered all the information to vote for laws so everyone on the planet vote on the laws. Additionally, everyone votes on taxes, for everyone, etc. so that they can hire a universal police force, the justice system, etc.   Instead of people chosen at random, have the entirety of humanity vote with a voting block chain.
16:57 that dude on the left is seriously confused 😂
You never mentioned Dunbar’s Number but I’m assuming that’s something this video is alluding to?
Vsauce: Reasoning is not what we need right now Me dumb as heck: Nice
Have you never seen smog mate?
We don't even agree what a male or female is anymore. How are we to assume nowadays that you are not an elephant? I thought that was a trick question for a second. What if you identified as an elephant,  had big ears, and a long nose surgically installed onto your faxe? How the heck are we going to reason our way out of destroying ourselves?
So we have learned that humans suck and need to be changed to suck less. This is depressing.
antagoni is the future
If the environment of which a man is in, shows that the possibility of ghosts is likely, then it is rational to believe in ghosts.   Rationality comes down to perspective, it’s never objective. But we use it as a term for the norm, perhaps what the most of us percieve to be true.
well if SJWs and far left liberals get their way the future of reasoning is nonexistent
This is my fourth of fifth time watching this video, it is honestly a masterpiece, never has a 30 minute video left me with so much to reflect upon. Michael has chosen his words with purpose and agency, and has struck a chord with every sentence. Normally his videos are a simplified and interesting explanation of an obscure or new idea, this is a hyper-detailed discussion of a very tangible reality, articulated with such precision as to make it undeniable. Bravo Michael.
What if those like Gates are the great filter?
i got an end of the year test in a few hours and im bouta sit here and watch this
11:33 would make another great clip for a Vsauce but out of context video.
Your reasoning for the lottocracy reminded so much the Soviets. https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Soviet_(council)
I personally think "awesometer" sounds better than "awesome-ometer"
very thought provoking, yet another vsauce great.
Would you elect a doctor based on whoever gets the most votes regardless of their qualifications? Or pick the most qualified person for the job?  If there are multiple doctors with equal levels of skill then you may as well randomly pick one of them.   I think it should be the same for the various positions of running a country
Vsauce videos make you feel so important to the world lol
Vote VSauce Michael 2024
I can’t tell you how much of my daily schedule in college I stored in paying attention to what my classmates were doing throughout the day. Many people asked my why I don’t just memorize my schedule. I just didn’t see a point in it if the staff changed class schedules randomly and I am pretty good at recognizing that other people feel they almost have to pay attention to the details. All I   had to do is pay attention to their movements and infer where I was supposed to be.
when you take acid
I'm showing this to my partner along with 'history of the entire world, i guess' on her first acid trip
The issue we face i feel was created by aliens to test our species worthiness of saving
hehe, the feeling of connectedness and the singularity you felt on psychedelics really got into you, didn't it?
I wanna thank the boi Lud for this vid
Misinformation is implemented by governments, security agencies, enormous corporations etc.., stopping it as a control tactic before holding them accountable feels unrealistic
I love vsause & maybe im just being sensitive but with focus on awareness and light of heart most of what is being said here is invalidated
Never saw myself watching a bill gates propaganda video but hey it’s vsauce
This was fantastic!
30 Minutes just fly by when you´re watching this kind of content
awesome, love it
Wow great idea at the end... Buuuut we need way more than 0 carbon emissions . ever heard of the carbon cycle or modern farming ...
Lottocracy revolution confirmed. We'll start by picking our leaders at random.
bill gates sponsor? weird.
28:55 "the impact of emissions on our planet is not going to be the last hyper object we will face" the way thing things are going, it just might be
Lol when you said brain is fat and protein it made me hungry for some reason 0:35
even better - a political party that holds digital votes for it's members on every policy decision the representative has to make
Did you really record this in like 2 hours? Any reason* why your watch is on and off again throughout the video??? :P
the answer is communism! ☭ the profit motive will destroy civilization itself
Nice 🙂
the industrial revolution and its consequences am i right 😐🥴😐
Vsause is back in black.🕴
God, that editing tho...
da legend is back
Truth and reason must be a pair, otherwise both lose value
best video yet  :)
Let's become obsessed with investing in the planet, instead of hurtful products. It's the ultimate long-term investment, with the great rate of return: survival.
Shouldn't this video be in Chinese? What are we gonna do about this impending climate disaster? The average person watching this doesn't need to change a single thing about their behavior.
I dont comment but this was the best shit I've seen all day. Thank you.
Operations Research. No, Logic uses fallacies to correct the elephant argument. Remove the entire video.
Hey, Vsauce. I feel very passionate about this subject, and feel like I reached a similar conclusion. Could you consider making another video about “Reason” when applied to various mental/personality disorders? I feel like the future of reason is also dependent on an individual’s ability to solve their own mental/personality issues.
imagine being able to say you're sponsored by bill gates
And that...is that...truth is what we should live by and search for!
Who’s here after finding out Bill and Melinda Gates are getting divorced?
9:52
Wow I actually disagree with this video, you're giving reasons to reasons for reasons, reasons people can barely reason to realize reality, you used reason for the simple fact of explaining an experience to RELATE to not for socialism, THEREFORE your reason is to reason people's reasons to reason more often because they don't simply do.
tried watching this yesterday and the moment he said "where is your mind??" i was like damnit michael i am way to hungover for this  but im back
You cant get an 'ought' from an 'is' science fails and we need philosophy
Bill Gates?.....the computer guy? What does he know about science?
This is absolutely brilliant. Very needed in this age.
Did that trip to the magic man in the jungle a while back influence you thoughts on this?
As always, I'm floored . I kinda got back into my numb mode. Fuck everything... right? He just reminds me we are still figuring  this shit out. And even though I got a lot of people telling me how and what life is, while I feel like a rat in a cage, I know it's  all temporary. We will either reach a better conclusion, or fail drastically. And both of those are more comforting than the idea of this broken machine turning forever. But it won't, his videos always make me so happy because  they put things into perspective. A perspective I like very much.
So who the hell did the captions
It's so cool to see how michael has really grown into his character here
Where is vsauce??!!! I'm missing yall more and more!! But if there is just so much crazy science stuff to cover...
wow
Micheal is brilliant, love Vsauce material. My only gripe is that bringing in multiple elements, assumptions, and theories could have overshadowed the overarching theme of the message - something I found hard to follow. I understand reasoning is multidimensional, but if you provided a framework, i.e., some structure that held all your points together,  it might make your videos clearer.
Maybe there are places for a lottocracy in society and government, but I’d argue that as far as government goes, congressional term limits would really help making the peoples’ voices more heard over those of the officials.
I deeply worry over those manipulated, isolated, or confused who get their entire sense of worldview pulled into a narrow crevice of fallacy. I've met many people who hadn't yet escaped that mental well, it's frustrating at best heartbreaking at worst. The internet has made peer-reviewed, sourced information free to all but it's fallen into the same trap as TV did long ago. Everyone gets their information from companies that want to get people mad, upset, or irrational for monetary incentive. There are nonprofits like PBS and Wikimedia Foundation who act as tertiary sources by being based on a variety of secondary sources that are listed alongside summarized information but the majority of people do not use stuff like this often.  Ramblings aside, **TALK TO PEOPLE!** Discussion will not only help you understand more ideas, events, and conclusions that you wouldn't consider otherwise, it helps others, especially those uninformed, to at the very least gain motivation towards doing some individual research.
this is a pretty good video even though it was inspired by bill gates's book how to avoid a climate disaster
who tf disliking that much??
Vsauce partnered with Bill Gates and now Bill is divorced... Coincidence? 💀
11:33 same
I get so into these, love you vsauce x Michael over the years you taught me so much more then I’ve ever learnt in any school.
Who you calling a "lazy reasoner"? I resent that. I resent that because...because I just do! Hahahaha!  Very thoughtful discussion. Great video. Like.
SUBVERSION AT ITS BEST (OR WORST)
“Thanks for watching.”  Thank you, Michael. Always a pleasure.
2001 truth for the win!!! Reason doesn’t matter much without that, lest you know ‘everything’ within the confines of a giant mythological lie.
CAROL DOESN’T EXIST!!!!
Michael Stevens for president 2024. Oh wait...
I would fall into a state of severe depression and disappointment if this amazing man ended up like EDP
And that's why either a benevolent A.I. takes over managing the entire planet or we will go extinct.
Thank you, Michael! This is exactly what I was looking for to defend my argument.
return of the sauce
Lottocracy has the issue of manipulating the "experts" causing a bias  A 2 stage system where random people are selected to find opposing opinions from whatever sources they want is better & then the arguments they make are given to the second random group to make the actual decision. This way the manipulation risk is massively lowered.   Please, Change my mind
I can listen to him talking for hours. The way he chooses his topics, puts them together, and presents them is pure perfection.
30 minutes just to say ‘return to monke’.
GME TO THE MOON!!
Me in the first five seconds: my mind is stored in the balls
Vsauce is absolute Genius!  If any Schoolform could teach us just one Video in a Schoolyear from Vsauce this World would be way more intelligent. Not because you could learn about Mathematic, Physic, Logic or how our Minds work. Those is the Knowledge we'll get because it is outthinked before. If Ou are not shy to outhink those Metaphors you'll above the knowledge of Google because you reached Wisdom. And this Vid truly is!   This is for me what this Video told. Our way we communicate and how we act are pretty important for the future of the other me's and you's. Who will deal with circumstances. Utopia or Dystrophy, Natural or Artificial, are we wise enough to get it or can we act in wisdom together.  Michael should be the Philosopher who give his thoughts to the president which have the same weight like Economic Decisions to walk in a positive Utopia to defeat the Dystrophy we are walking in.  Love and respect for this Video
if you believe evolution theory  not  creation  . ?   as books  or  schools say  where is your ability to Reason ?LOL
How do I make everyone on our planet watch this video?
The technosapient... hm...
This Bill Gates partnership wasn’t timed all that well...
It's about to hit The Tribulation fan people seriously read Revelation 👀 God Loves you 💞 Satan hates you 💔 Jesus Christ died for YOU ❣️ BELIEVE 🙏 OR Perish 🔥 Truly ⏳
Pound sand Satan 🔥⏳🎺👑❣️
Me every time I watch vsauce: oh shit this would be sick if I smoked weed  Me again: smokes weed and cant retain or comprehend any of the information I’m receiving
I find discussions about climate change frustrating. I am a young adult. all of my friends are young adults and throughout the entirety of my youth figures of both literal and figurative authority have barked at us that "Climate change is a problem and you need to fix it or humanity will die". The fuck am i to do? what could i do about the continental dictatorships that fuel our economies across the globe. what to i do about the continents of injustice and manipulation. what, should i protest? to a government that is so vapid and surface level that my words only act as a mask to virtue rather than an action to commit to. its fuckin pointless lmao. Its so huge and detatched and separated from me that i literally cant change it. i cant, and neither can the youth of all of the first world, stop china from oppressing a billion people and building those pesky concentration camps or producing the entirety or the supplies needed to maintain infrastructure across the first world. the only way you can sway a dictorship is through warfare or rebellion. i cant stop north korea from execution thousands of people daily. we as a generation cannot stop anything outside of our borders (most of the rest of the world) from being overwhelmingly destructive forces of nature. theres nothing to do other than not to care. i dont care. i genuinely do not care. even if i do care, then what? why waste the energy? i make sure not to litter, i make sure to been green and such, but that wont stop cruise ships from floating around and destroying the air. i cant make sure the middle east wont stop blowing itself up. im so fed up of the discussion on climate change. it feels redundant. we know what to do, so, lets tyrannically enforce the solution across the planet????? even with legislation like, how tf do you impose them. through threats of war? "oh dont trade with this country" oh ok no more cars then i guess. Look its 1:30 in the morning and i didnt put any effort into this so dont be surprised if its stupid as fuck but i dunno i just wanted to voice my opinion  As for the future of humanity? im sure we'll figure it out. All i can do is just make sure im the best me i can be. man its just so annoying to see strangers constantly go on at the viewer about how we should do something
"behavior inertia can help slow down the accumulation of unintended consequences and the loss of ideas that work". I really like how you said that. It's not something, said otherwise, I would have considered....reasonable.
Finally a video about far right wing climate denyers
I love this long form vsauce format
shit dude,  i didnt even realize u come out with another long one!!
So who needs to be reasoned with to make the lottacracy happen? And how might the final conclusion be stated to the world without being influenced by those who would influence decisions today?
I agree generally;  but the immediate problem is that most people in today's society do not know, or even care to know, how to discuss properly.  Most will, for example, invoke some form or other of Appeal to Authority , such as by saying "Most scientists would disagree with you" (it not being true in the first place) instead of reasoning on first principles.  They are not aware, or don't believe, or don't care, that appeal to authority is a primary fallacy.  Or ad-hominem: they will accuse you of having some political affiliation (You believe in sustainability? Ah, so you are a leftist!);   and if you say you have no such affiliation (I lean to the right), then they accuse you of lying.  Another hurdle:  Here in Canada there is a disturbing cultural bias against discussion;  ANY discussion is immediately labelled "arguing" which has a terrible negative connotation in this stupid society;  and if you insist on continuing with the thought, or on having them answer your question, they walk away in disgust and feeling morally superior because they avoided "arguing".  And all this is assuming they even care about the subject matter...  Frankly, my only hopes presently hang on Elon Musk's success at fixing this damned world single-handedly;  if we had to rely on "people" or politicians to do it we'd be doomed.
"In this episode, Michael channels his inner Kropotkin.." lol Great video guys!
Unsub you technocrat. #buildbackinchains
yo Michael im guessing you have gotten this question, but how hot or cold is a black hole?
Fantastic!
Or is it?!?!?! Aweeee I miss that phrase 😔
It has come to my attention that the world is dying. Because of us.  Did you know by 2030 there will be more plastic in the ocean than fish? Did you know oxygen levels are dropping. Did you know the ozone layer the thing that protects us from the sun's deadly rays is dying too? Did you know that global warming will turn most tropical areas into deserts are some point. Did you know that people in China and India have a  chance of dying due to bad air? Did you know that ALL of this good stuff that we have like easy-to-use trashcans or plastic cups or stuff will someday kill us? For example, Let's say a guy takes drugs to feel good, you feel good right? We all know you will die at some point due to damage to your body. So most people don't take drugs. But we are all taking a drug. Basically, we are using all this goody plastic and all these pollutants. And it's like a drug that doesn't feel like it's killing you but then...POW! You can't breathe you have no food. Your hot, you're tired, you're thirsty. And then we are all dead. Life is dead, Earth..is dead. Try to use ride-sharing as much as possible. Limit your plastic uses. Recycle,  Aim for an electric car, plant a tree! Don't litter, Bring your own tote/bag! Do not waste water! Be nice to Earth, Like it is to you. just please, spend a little time...TO have more time overall. Thanks.
holy fucking shit dude. I just had a brain blast from six different angles.  music choice was great in this by the way
This is the content we need.
I don't get the political reference around 13:32 , Mainstream political views have changed many time over the past 50 years. It seems people would not have a "firmer grasp" on that... I do agree with your main point, people are sheep, because it is easy. Around 14:16 that's exactly what I consciously think, lol, sometimes not until after I have talked to the person too, seems like my mood recognizing parts of my brain are slow, rofl. love the vids, and deeper dive into metacognition.
Coming up with reasons for our intuitive conclusions also prevents us from questioning those conclusions and making us behave in ways that don't favor our survival.
my key takeaway from this video is to create a government where an algorithm chooses someone at random to govern the populace
I like the idea of deliberation days. The lottocracy sounds insane
Solution to the problem is, less people. There's too many people.
just wanted to say before i watch the video: thanks vsauce team and love to all reading this! life is good
What reasoning does anyone have to horde a certain percentage of worldly wealth when there are children starving in the streets? Ask Bill Gates that next time you work with him.
A government run by what is essentially jury selection?  Woah
Who gets to decide which assumptions are fair? Sounds very much like a defence of coronavirus restrictions. Nobody has the right to decide for someone else. Simple
2021 Reasoning:  "No you"
Real
Every Vsauce upload is an event.
What is a drop of rain, compared to the storm? What is a thought, compared to a mind? Our unity is full of wonder, which your tiny individualism cannot even conceive.
Consensus isn't possible
i will now have a crisis of opinion and cry as i write out everything i believe to be true.
This is something you learn when you're like a child
This piece of art just won the "video-of-the-year's award" in my mind. Thank you for sharing the thoughts of the CROWD that is thinking about future solutions. Love your channel.
Thats all fine and well, but you’re taking my ICE powered wheels only out of my cold dead hands.
Speaking as an autistic person, the social theory of reasoning sounds interesting to me, but I feel it applies much more to others (neurotypicals) than to me. Heck, it explains others a lot to me and some arguments and discords I went through with others. But I don't feel that I work very much in the way that is described there.  But then again, confirmation bias is something that I experience a lot and I do rely on others to test some of my ideas - mostly for social acceptance.  I've also been very much invested in the idea of lottocracy, for the same reasons given, I just don't buy into the pseudo-naturalist (?) framing of "this is how it is supposed to be done due to the social theory of reasoning".  That being said: Great video. Recommended it to my friends.  (Disclaimer: This post grew over watchtime of the video using edits.)
Thought provoking.  Non-localized.  Yes, we could become much more than we are now.  But even if we obliterate ourselves, the planet and stars will continue on.  It would be ironic if the cockroach became the dominant species after a human caused disaster for themselves.
Who even gives you the right?
love your brain vsauce😘 never stop making videos
18:45 So THAT's why Liberals never can explain why racism only affects blacks, the hard-working need to be taxed at 43 cents per the dollar, and why equality must mean, to them, boosting up the "disadvantaged" until they become advantaged! #BLMisAtrend
Time to add to Michaels scp file
Lotocracy feels nice, but given how world really works its implementation chance seems naive
1:31 ayyyy das muh city!
So anarchist direct democracy?
I belive Michael is a God and we are all just living in his world.
You are one smart dude Michael! Thanks for your awesome channel!
"Reason will prevail!" -the pickle party
You heard it all here folks. Vsauce opposes censorship, cancel culture, and circle jerk echo chambers. We must use our social ability to reason to better ourselves and our views by sharpening them against those we disagree with, rather than seeking refuge from thoughts and opinions which we do not wish to tolerate.
For anyone who’s watching—this is philosophy.
Please help me! What is the music piece named at 23:10? I'm looking for it since i first watched the "counting past infinity" video...
A lottocracy would be the ideal way of doing things. This would force the world to pay attention to many issues I think and to focus more on self education :)
There is no mention about the true leaders we have, who are in the shadows, of whom Bill Gates is one. Not a coincidence, and a severe hindering of your content, and the content of anyone who is partnering up with him and people / organizations alike. Here's your downvote: 👎
You are my literal hero michael lol
Petition for Michael to become an elephant 🐘
billions* good video
I'm just going to ignore all that BIll Gates eugenicist shit Michael
You best video yet. Explains why so many people believe in so many weird things with 0 evidence to back it up.
colaborating with Gates in a video about stopping climate change seems like colaborating with Pol Pot in a video about why obligatory work camps are a bad idea
Global Warming was debunked by science, the choice of weather events as caused by climate change, is scientifically untestable, and only the IPCC computer model predicts CO2 induced climate imbalance. Great but, there has to be a point when you see propaganda as propaganda. The end of beef, meat and other sources of high protein somehow will " save the plant" and is a really noble cause. The farmed protein substitute for meat is manufactured has no nature in it all. The vegetarian diet by social engineering seems a bit obvious and the using of climate change as justification is PURE propaganda. How can I be the only one to see this?
Oh hi Mark
Government propaganda at its best
So this means you have to listen to people when you don’t like what they say. Looking at you cancel culture
u took the ticket finally., how much did he pay u.?
I'm an undecided voter. Can I swap my voting card for a scratch card?
The wisdom of the crowd effect shows that we are all Homo Sapiens, with essentially the same brain, that uses the same mechanisms to determine, in that case, how many jellybeans are in the jar. Sure some people will guess way too many/few, however, everyone who gives it a decent try and for example thinks about how many jellybeans would be in a single jellybean-sized slice of the jar, and then tries to work out how many of those layers make-up the whole jar will come close, and since every answer is centred around the same object (the jar) it's to be expected their average would indeed come extremely close and if the number of guesses is large enough the answer should be exact, at which point you actually find how exact the brain is, 1:???????
Bill Gates reasoning: "Will it reduce the Earth's population?" - "Will it make me a lot of money?" - "Will it elevate my Illuminati status?" - "Will I get plenty of 'you know what'?" - "Will I get caught?"
holy sht o.o YOU ARE FINALLY BACK!!!!! These past 5 years have been insane, welcome back to reality
man this video sucked for a vsauce video
i said yes too the puzzle because mary's name is mary there fore she is married wait no I'm retarded
This Video's script is a master piece.
Brilliant!
Do a video about overfishing
Well said, agree on random selection
Bill gates is such a fraud, buddy flys around on his private jet (the most wasteful way to travel) emits more CO2 than entire counties, then tells normal people we need to change our lives to help the climate, get the hell out of here pshhh. Dislike
So in a Word, Communism(Bill Gates is a White Guilt-ridden Communist)...No Thanks!!!  ~ "Reason?" Pffft! only...Make America Great Again.
Wishing Melinda a very happy tribal party . She reasoned out of the Gates ideology ;)
I think therfore i'am, a simple thought that within itself holds its own conclusion, however,  that many fail to grasp.
How could anyone give a dislike to this Video. There is simply no valid reason
What a great video! That literally changed me, hope for the best. Hope that changes you too.
You can't just put that title and think i'm not gonna click it
The only problem is that most of the people chose at random are in most of the best case... RETARD. Stupidity is at the great level never reached in human history. Intelligent people should be chosen at random from a poll to make decisions, that would be a much better decision. I don't have to quote Albert Einstein here  right?
When Michael says "rock the boat too much", what is this photo of? The moment is at 6:26
Freemason
The core problem when we attempt to persuade others is that the process is based on us assuming we're right. Am I right? Old uk duffer here, enjoying the ride :)
Great video. also the outro music at the end sounds amazing at 1.5 speed
Ok who is the “us” in this picture and who are the people who are presumed to be poorer. I smell a political agenda here. I’m assuming “us” aren’t the 1.3 billion people in China who are responsible for a larger and more outsized portion of the issue.
THIS is what youtube is for.
It's interesting that Bill Gates is sponsoring this video, when he directly profits from global inequality and is indeed lobbying to DENY vaccines to poorer countries worldwide. Why should I trust any "reasoning" regarding the future of humanity that is predicated on the desires of one of the greatest beneficiaries of inequality?
I love this man
This man has been with me through his videos weekly for about nine years now. Motivating and inspiring to learn. Thank you, Micheal, for everything!
if only Michael eluded to what a transition to lottocracy looks like this would almost be a call for revolution
New Ahoy video: The Awesome-o-meter.
Nature trys every option to survive . we are nature we are being used bye nature to find the best path .nature will try everything good or bad and hopefully life continues . it is what it is we have to control OUR Nature and make better  decisions
That's like blockchain of policies.
Trump supporters and super leftist watching this like 👁 👄 👁
I love this channel but I do not like to be manipulated
After each of your videos, I feel like my entire perspective of life changes. Such a shame that basically 24 hours later, that enlightenment period is gone and I go back to how I was thinking before
This might be the most important video on the internet right now...
I wasn't sure which organ you were gonna pull up from under the table...
WOKE BULLSHIT ! VSauce ... This is Pseudo-Science . When feelings and respect are set together under the WOKE ideology ... This is what you get . Bill Gates got rich selling softwares, end of story . As per the venue on REASON ... Let's avoid the IQ debate and treat every human entity as "Equal" .... Prob is ... They are NOT !   You are offended by my proposition ... Then you are engaging it on "Feelings" and feelings in science are NOT allowed . The human mind cannot be equated as the SUM of some huge Octopi's parts simply because ideas are NOT owed respect ... Some human beings value ideas above science ... aka ALL the religious homo sapiens ... These ideas pollute their brains and stall the progress twd a better humanity for all .   This clip is revulsive and unscientific . It is an ode to the church of WOKE . V-Sauce ... Shameful !   Again ... If anyone is offended by my proposition ... You can address the issue here politely . If you intend to use ( abuse ) character or straw man me into submission ... Then I will not reply . Good day .
Good episode, but fr fuck Bill Gates. He has the blood of millions on his hands.
Vsauce > Einstein
These videos are better than 90% of my philosophy classes. And I'm a PhD student in philosophy.
Endorsing Bill Gate's book? What a shame... Unsubbed
This is unbelievably good content, the amount of effort put into this is impressive.
He’s back?
That's some pretty good reasoning right there
You forgot to mention knowledge. Relatively very few people would be able to grab what you said, let alone understant it, and it's not about language.
So many experiments about climate change are inspired by this idea: "use conclusions to come to reasons".. in that way, they (some dishonest scientist) continue to get funds...
Fantastic Video. Well worth the watch and share.
So... is Mary married?
lol this is what I thought "Home Cell" was supposed to be.
18:31 *Coupon!*
I’m gonna dive into the comments and see how many people just screamed COMMUNISM!
Reasoning. The thing anti mask and anti vaccine people refuse to do. There. Saved you 30 min haha. (Still watch the video, vsauce is good)
That's why niilism is so necessary. Stop seeking reason all the time.
vsauce, you need to do a line of ket. will make you think even more mate..
unfortunately differences in logical conclusions rarely apple to disagreements  between the right and left because conservatives refuse to recognize that a problem exists in the first place.
Hey guys I’m not late!
People who disliked this viedeo werent reasoning enough, or they reasoned too much.
If only...
You ruined their marriage
"Where is your mind?" Michael, I ask myself that question everyday, too.
Transportation is not accessible anymore
Michael, if you are gonna throw some wisdom like that, you gotta take responsibility for it. How do we start a Lottocracy?
Why does anyone care about what Bill Gates has to say? Climate change isn't a serious issue.
“The illiterate of the 21st century will not be those who cannot read and write, but those who cannot learn, unlearn, and relearn. ”  ― Alvin Toffler
VSauce is all about reasoning This video is about the future of reasoning Therefore this video is about the future of VSauce
13:57 politicians be like
Green house gas. Plant food.
does anyone else enjoy to argue by assuming the opposite view of your discussion partner not because i believe in it but because it often results in simple easy to digest conclusions on the subject at hand and reveals some truths about myself and my discussion partner?
The quality of this content is astonishing
technological solution: blockchain opinions. based on the premise that people don't have ideas, but rather ideas have people. ideas that are truer become more valuable.
9:39 ~ There is no such thing as truth though. Only popular opinions. You won't believe how much hate you get, when arguing a popular science channel.  Some think they are smart, but you just see the hate radiating from their faces.
All debate about what the data says aside....personal priorities becomes a big factor.    Firstly, this same conundrum exists without the spectre of climate change. The world sucks, and some of the 8 billion of us aren't going to do as well as others.  That is a reality that is unavoidable and has been since the beginning of life on the planet, far preceding humans it has impacted all manner of species.  We can't mandate innovation that would make it otherwise, so the question of "What can we do about it" has a relatively simple answer, "not enough".    The question becomes, "What do we do about it?"  For example:  A: My empathy dictates that I worry about the people climate change is going to effect.  B: If we're going to infringe on people's rights to "save the planet", maybe the planet isn't worth saving. How many millions or even billions of people survive BECAUSE of emissions?  We transport food and medicine world wide.  If our goal is zero emissions, taking action right now would cause all those people to be cut off because we don't have the means to provide for them otherwise, we can't magically mandate that kind of innovation into existence.  That is empathy that is no less valid than empathy for the people who may suffer from climate change.  Both parties have empathy for others. Because there is no easy solution and we can't mandate it into existance, both roads potentially wind up with some/many people going through hardship or even death.  This then becomes a question of who is more morally "correct".  Many would move that those choosing direct action against others is less ethically sound, eg those choosing to willfully force others to sacrifice/suffer/etc.  People are going to inevitably suffer, but that doesn't legitimize taking direct action against people.  We're all going to die someday, that doesn't make it somehow okay to kill people.  Whatever happened to Darwin, to survival of the fittest?  Imagine filming a documentary, the ethical stance is to not interfere, even if we're rooting for the gazelle, we really shouldn't be killing the cheetah.  Now, point the camera at humanity.  Not only is this other "tiger" a human with rights, it's not actually directly killing any "gazelle".  It's amazing how many people quickly give up on that previous ethical standard in the name of "the greater good".  I'm not even religious, but consider the timeless phrase of, "The road to hell is paved with good intentions." for a moment.  Asserting that "we" must take action is a bit of hubris.  It's not even apt, there is no "we", there's a small group of rich/powerful/influential people that assert they can control everyone, that their ideas are the only valid ones, the "we" doesn't really apply, it is manipulation via misdirection.  Mankind's tampering has a very poor history.  Look at everything from warfare to importing an invasive species that have unintended consequences and begets more problems that need fixed.  Sure, there may be a time to stand up and take action, but most people only deem that truly necessary in the face of an immediate threat from an abhorrent party, eg a  direct genocide as Hitler was attempting to carry out. There's a reason most other wars are really viewed negatively in history.  Wars for oil, or conquest, or just for the glory, or on behalf of a specific demographic(as this necessitates it being against another demographic).  Wanting to infringe on those who have found some success begins to sound more like it's in this arena if one wants to look at it with some ethical standards.
That marriage puzzle broke my brain
Wondering what reasoning vsauce are deploying... thinking we can live happily off a handful of uploads per year.
There might be a universe where this channel is not "V" sauce and it is "B" sauce. Where Michael is recognized to be as the Best Mind in the world!  Michael should be as famous as Elon Musk.
And as always, thanks for speaking.
teacher after a test: what conclusions do you have to draw these reasons?
When you know you've got it but you just need to watch it 3 more times to put it together in sync.
Michael you are an incredible human being. Absolutely inspiring.
27:15 "With offices and building you can't excess" Not for Trump fans ;)
Talk to me behind the reasoning for Bill Gates to enrich himself through event 201 and plandemic to get returns on his investments from vaccines 20 to 1
you know it's gonna get good when the iconic music comes in
BILL GATES ARE YOU KIDDING ME!!! BILL GATES THE DOCTOR/SCIENTIST/PHILANTHROPIST!!! HAAHHAH    Everyone can be bought these days!!!
Great video!
Drink every time Michael says reason.
Great episode and ideas.
More elite talking points, how sad Vsauce
I have to watch it once more cause of the background music, too damn beautiful
Idiot
remindes me of the unified theory of knowlege Royal Institute lecture with Daniel Dennett
One way to move towards a new way of thinking is to make laws protecting us and the government by way of disqualifying people with certain mental disorders from leadership positions. If you want empathy to qualify our future actions then don't allow sociopaths and psychopaths to occupy any office in the government. It certainly would have been a handy rule a little over four years ago.
Ok so, a couple questions about that "new form of deliberation". Who choses the "chosen at random" people? How can we be sure its truly random and not subtly skewed towards a particular group or outcome. And as for this "being paid to learn about the issue from experts before debating" who are these "experts"? Because they would literally be able to frame the entire discussion and premise. The whole of human advancement of government can be boiled down to an attempt to find a system immune to bad actors, and this one isn't a solution any better than anything else we have.
dzień dobry v-sos, z tej strony Michał!
wait wait, I need to get some coffee first!  don't start without me!
thats the good stuff there! Thanks Michael,
That closing statement tho..
I missed this.
Socrates despised democracy including because authorities there were chosen by lot. Well, democracy sentenced him to death.
Never stop please
Holy fuck dude !!!!
What an idea. Compared to climate changes we are a species afterall and not a bunch of individuals. Would make a lot of sense if we solved it kinda "competetivly" together, because it obviously isn't going fast enough as it is right now. And at the same time it would be REAL interesting to see if it's acutally a "Great Filter" for us as a species.
Preach it brother! Wax that philosophical! Bout time people started thinking deep instead of living shallow.🤔
At the end the core concept he's pushing is essentially the goal of decentralized finance(crypto currency).
Lottocracy is king
May you be multiply! Thanks!
21:17 there is no wisdom in a crowd, look at any mob in human history, look at nazi Germany.
This man deserves immortality
THATS INSANE I JUST wrote a paper on Clark and chalmers, I was not expecting this to come up so soon lol
People always make jokes on new Vsauce videos like "When the world needed him most, he returned." and all that, but... I don't think he ever really left. He clearly puts a ton of effort into each video, so as expected, it should take a lot of time for each one. Keep doing you, Michael Stevens. I'll wait as long as necessary for these new videos, cuz they're always worth it.
Damn. That was intense. And so good.
John Rawls Vail of Ignorance for a solution ! I love it. One of my favorite philosophers
Michael, as a fan, maybe not number 1 but bloody close to number 2 at least,  I'm so happy you're keeping vsause fresh yet familiar! Stay cool (detached yet engaged) Stay awesome (inspire wonder and dread)   And as always, stay Vsauce!!!
Where did you get this thumbnail picture, movie cover from?
I see you building an army. Sign me up.
Even though Michael is not an elephant he is still awesome.
Can't wait for all the Bill Gates theorists to work this one into the narrative.
Dear lord, someone just take the next obvious step and put Dr Doom, I mean Billy G., in metal armor or a cat-hair resistant white jumpsuit.  Great Resets and id2020 right as a pandemic is showing up and Zoom mysteriously becoming one of the main officially endorsed ways sensitive collaborations are carried out, vaccine passports and a social credit like system.  For someone who wants to globalize to this extent you couldn't engineer a better managed apocalypse, especially since it is targeting society's long term memory - the elderly.
Damnnnnnn he just solved politics
Yay, bill gates. Hes not a problem at all.  To be clear: none of the conspiracy theories about microchips are true, im just talking about his fuuuuuucked influence on vaccine production.
You're doing things that are almost too cool! Thanks for educating us man, we're a pretty dumb species if you look at it from the right angle. Fortunately we can program our brain to resist being dumb, so thanks for helping with that!
did i just willingly watch a 30 min vid abt science
"But how do you rethink... everything? Who gets to direct the costs and trade-offs? How do you achieve collaboration between nearly every local and national government, when what works in one place won't work everywhere; when decisions affect jobs in one place and food in another; when not just *things* need to be re-thought, but also habits and traditions and values." this is exactly what has been going through my mind these past couple months and im so glad it's been put into words
If we could apply John Rawls theory of justice more effectively a lottocracy wouldn't sound so unfeasible.  Speaking of an arena for deliberation - check out Anthony Magnabosco's work with Street Epistemology. Here on YouTube!
Two problems with lottocracies are: -Lobbying (whoever is the “most convincing” expert who educates the randomly chosen group about a topic will lead the group towards a side because of carisma and not rightness) - People (especially those without a strong personality) tend to agree with the group instead of speaking their true mind on a topic avoiding judgment by the other in the group. - Bonus problem: people who “Jesus this or that” everything
Darn... thought it was going to be a cool video... just another commercial for global warming.. CO2 is a BYPRODUCT  of the warming earth by the Sun.. not the other way around
This is epic
Sold out to bill gates, a globalist billionaire (who doesn't give a fuck about the climate or you). Michael sold out.
At random? What is random? Prove it.
What always gets me about those studies in which people have to make decisions based on superficial data, like posture, facial features, and so on, is why no one says "I don't have the information to judge that". Is that not an accepted answer? Do the administrators tell the subjects, "Just say something"?
Amazing video, we all need to stop narrowcasting to confirm our own beliefs, but challenge them by having a conversation with those who think differently and trying to REASON with them.
"objects" is spelt wrong in the description
Oooooh I like idea of lottocracy. That sounds much more stable.
Next video: is water wet?
vsauce said overthrow the government - im in
excuse my past michael comment, cool video bro.
Did Michael just tell us that he does this in order to get resurrected someday by people in the future?
humans just have to go extinct
Bill Gates? COME ON MAN!
Excelente
See you next year boys!
isnt Bill Gates part of that oligarchy which you are referring to??
Very nice, dense, but big picture stuff and we learned something!
ABC Burgers really good tbh
The trumpet music around 16:30 is so sexy, I could barely concentrate on what he was saying. Had to watch it 3 times.
I like Michael's implication that deciding if someone is upset doesn't take deliberation 👀
Can we get Ben Shapiro to watch this?
Orouboros and the concept of balance for all naturally occurring cycles for the human condition may just be a start don't you think? Empathy and reasoning are powerful tools for exploration of possibilities and the building of ideas. I haven't fully finished the video but maybe this is what we're looking for?
Great video as always, very inspirational, now I'll got think about all that... ALONE
5:47 The part everyone waited for
Vsauce for president!
I'm a minute and a half in and this sounds like the title should have been "We live in a Society" xD
I414 #lottocracy overlords @tweetsauce (y)
Don't show me the problem, bring me the solution.
A great book, The Righteous Mind, explains this really well!! I highly recommend its a fun read too.
Wow, I’m not sure how I got here, but it sounds like pure propaganda to me!
Micheal's videos are getting longer by each upload
i think this video might have motivated me to write my thesis about reasoning
Just sucks how people are soo selfish and only wanna do thing for them self. If we all worked together as a species I feel like we would be soo much more advanced and we wouldn’t have as many problems as we do now
Hey, nice IKEA-chair you've got there! ^^
Michael Stevens Is GOD
Shame Vsauce doesn't credit the philosophic giants, on whose works large chunks of this presentation were founded. Hume, Hegel, Schmitt, among others. Edit: oh and simplified and misinterpreted.
Sign me up to the new society this one is trash and corrupt
This is one of the most important and intellectually valuable videos you've ever done.  It's sooooo good to have you back doing these Vsauce videos!  Thankyou for helping the world be better.
I find it fascinating people do not take into consideration tha complexity of human interaction, even I loose myself not understanding that my reality something is completely different from others and of course they will think different. I agree that Debate is the main tool to allow us to move past our biases, preserve values and allow innovation to take place. I am not sure our current cultural norms allow debates anymore, at the very least, debating what is considered to be true regarding social evolution nowadays is hardly something one can easily do without the "cancel" attempts. For whatever reason, offense is not acceptable anymore. In order to debate one need to be able to present their arguments without the fear of being ostracised from society for speaking against something, some things are just unquestionable nowadays, and as said in the video "history is the great teacher" and history is full of teaching moments about unquestionable truths. Anyway, I found the video amazing and it allowed me to question myself, which I see as a positive thing. Have a nice day.
Teamed up with Bill Gates to reason with humans about why humans are a plague on the Earth? That's my confirmation bias kicking in.
Lottocracy!
you lost me at Bill Gates
So no one’s going to talk about the flaws in a lottocracy? What about the specifics of it? Is there something like a jury for every issue? Do they last for a specific period, or just until the problem is “solved?”
lmao what a nerd… Respect ✊🏽
Such an awesome, rich, dense, though provoking content presented fluidly ... Phenomenal 👍🏼
This video was a lot harder to follow than previous videos from Michael (and it's not like he's known for having straight forward content haha)
2:38 the unintended consequences.. of the industrial revolution, Theodore Kaczynski comes to mind
Enjoyed the video. Sounds like you’ve never served on an actual jury. Small sample size but I was appalled at the total lack of reason most folks exhibited. I’ll take hierarchical reason over a randomized group devoid of it.... but there’s something here in terms of organizing a solution to these human weaknesses.
Today I learned bad practices in object oriented programming is comparable to the climate crisis
Wow! You are so wrong..
I think this might be the most important video you've ever made, yeah out of the 100s awesome ones. New medium and platform is giving voices and exposure to opinions and ideas that would normally be subject to filtering by society and greater "cognitive" group before going mainstream. Evaluating what is the current state of reasoning and it's future is capital. Great job Michael & the others... great job.
Before I could buy into a lottacracy I’d need some study to verify the accuracy of randomized juries. People get sentenced to crimes they didn’t commit or given egregiously long sentences for non-violent crimes, etc. I’d need to know how often/to what extent juries are the cause of the biases in our criminal justice systems
"We will, some day, be the ancients, and we can choose what that will mean"  Michael, I thank you sincerely for all the thoughts you created inside of me
very disappointing sponsorship. Gates is responsible for hampering international access to vaccines & his philantropic endeavours have done less than nothing to address the very issue discussed in his book. I see no reasoning here
Literally heard about a lottocracy last week. Now Michael is talking about it?? This confirms what I already believe is a possible solution!
I'll totally tell my nephews/nieces to quantunlly recreate you in the future, Michael. You're safe!
16:11 I was literally startled when suddenly the book appeared. Good episode I was buried deep in thoughts along with your narration.
there isnt done by vasuce that i dont find fascinating
what a dumbass take
Good video, I guess, but did you have to just keep repeating "I know what you are, but what am I?" for 30 minutes?
"It makes extreme storms more extreme"  Unfortunately, this is decidedly anti-historical since we're theoretically emitting more "greenhouse gasses" now but there were vastly more extreme storms,  in both quality and quantity, 100 years ago. So either the facts or the narrative is wrong. Since one of those is based on actual measurement and the other is based on dogma, I'm gonna stick to the facts.
Just developed a awesome-meter by watching this...  14/7 awesome it Said. Awesome
Amazing video, so much truth and food for the mind
love the new soundtrack!
Thank you Bill Gates for providing us with a VSauce video
Love the ones about cognition, its such an undeveloped area that its fun to dive in and theorize! Thanks michael!
This started off strong but kinda sucked at the end ...
bro its gonna be so tough. but i would love to live in that world of coordination and cooperation. or maybe alone on a mountain top, organized. need money though
Seems the left is enacting their Climate Emergency agenda.  To be soon implemented after Covid diminishes.  Gotta keep us scared of something!!  Meanwhile, who is keeping their tires properly inflated, and hangs their wash to dry outside?  This guy.  I don’t need a lecture on climate change.   All i see is everyone wasting, wasting, and wasting.  Meanwhile, most ppl don’t know the off position of a light switch.
this video probably broke the speed record for getting blacklisted from China lol
Sir, should we take covid19 vaccination. We are so confuse. Please help us. 🙏
There is definitely confirmation bias in your assessment of the future of thinking. There are parts I disagree with, but as you point out, my opinion as a youtube comment is truly of no importance as I will probably will not do more than put forth my argument. Internet (especially YouTube and its comment section) are a one way portal to find your audience. It is sad when debate and discussions are done without deliberation and conclusion.
I need to pay some form of fees for all this learning from Vsause. Great content Michael 👌🏾
Meh
5:44 But what if reasoning want built got what we have become?  Indeed, a good question.
I don't understand the reasoning behind that logic puzzle at about 10:40  Though if I go with the married guy's perspective then he would know if he's married to her or not. Otherwise,  I don't know anything else about Mary and she is basically a completely random person. Nobody present has any known relationships beyond line of sight presumably.   I am still taking the option  of "Not enough information"   I'll skip on that habit people have of just assuming whatever reason they are told by the person who asked the question to begin with is correct by default.
Plugs Bill Gates' book on a video about reason... rich... and insulting.
Well time for some existential crisis
well if you're looking for someone, I'll take that job
Climate change can be tackled with nuclear power but too many people seem to think nuclear is a boogie man.
I’d also like to point out that you’re assuming the married state is binary. Either married or unmarried. I happen to agree with that, however you could argue that being engaged is not being unmarried, but instead a third state that Mary could occupy.
~1:25~ I love this summary of humanity.  Overall this is good video. Because IT explains Simple complex things.
5:00 mins into the video and already I've heard a lot of things I heard from different areas. This kinda makes sense
Best way to use a lunch break, eat and watch Vsauce videos. Thanks for the new upload!
you say more more more.... reality is diff.. check statistics... or is that a part of the partnership...? Didn't expect you to hop on a sinking ship...
Not enough information to decide. Mary may not be a human.
This is a comment.  Or is it?
I like Vsauce but you get my dislike for Bill Gates.
vsuace always reminds me that guy from gta side mission
Sometimes I feel like I’m not smart enough for his videos
u switched to politics bro
Surprisingly messy and weird. The average of random guesses definitely could be more accurate than each guess, but it won't help you to fight climate changes. Uneducated guesses won't predict a future state of a complex system. The crowd "rationality" will say "it's so cold outside, wtf global warming?". Rationality historically was there to fight the uneducated conformism of gray masses ( remember Copernicus), which you happen to call "wise". So disappointing.
You had me until you mentioned Bill Gates...
These subtitles are not nearly as entertaining
Gonna show my crewmates this video next time they ask me why "red is sus"
I swear to God I have had goosebumps - the actual real ones, during the end of each and every video of Vsauce since I discovered the channel. It is like that adrenaline rush and after the video ends, I am left with a kind of afterglow. I love you, Michael.
Michael accidentally discovers anarchist means of organisation
If at all possible, could the next one be about the reason of futuring?
Lost me at bill gates
Democracy is worse than a single person in charge, be it through dictatorship or monarchy. I am all for this Sortition (as my google search calls it instead of lottocracy).
I've thought about this for a while and tend to agree. The only way of lowering the heat on sensitive debates is to have open, civilised discussions, without throwing about insults and rambling about people's ignorance. That means in person. With your identities attached to your views to keep you grounded and take the aggression away.
Michael: Reason, it is said, guides us to truer knowledge and better decisions. Michael, again: It's allowed us to increase life-expectancy, suffer less, work together better, and it's bound to take us further and higher until the end of time.  Me: Michael, ..b-but..internet videos..modern ag- Michael: Or is it?
Lottocracy is the way.
This was a lot of viisaus packed into one video.
Now your damn elevator music is going to be stuck in my head all day. Thanks a lot, Michael.
It’s true — I’m the Lone Reasoner
3:00 looks just like high school prom dance floor....
awes-o-meter
It sounds a lot like what the anaquistas always said
There is so much in evolutionary biology that suggests humans have evolved to communicate and cooperate in societies no larger than 150 people. This is where human ingenuitiy shines. It is not surprising that humans try to recreate these relatively small groups/societies by a homogeniety in worldview and values current day. I think groupthinking is a product of the conglomeration of humans towards large societies (i.e. countries or cities) that results in individuals wanting to recreate smaller groups that discern themselves by ideology to recreate this smaller "tribe" that humans are evolved to optimally function in.
You can’t know everything and perform every experiment, reason and confirmation bias is a quick shortcut. I don’t think it has anything to do with a crowd. This whole video is probably a confirmation bias of your own Mr Vsauce. Should we now just follow the crowd? Even if the crowd may decide to sacrifice one person for a God, Like tribes used to do? does that make it right? No probably not
its no whe r
your content is too good
Fantastic video, thanks for uploading guys. Fun to think about how easy it is to get off track when you surround yourself with people who agree. I know I've done it.
Really wish Michael would also provide the names of the artists and song of the background music.   Really really interesting sounds.
PLOT TWIST: Michael is an elephant from the future locked in a paradoxical time prison who was quantumly recreated, and then sent to the past in order to passively prevent a cataclysmic future. He is talking to us, the Ancients.
This speaks to my soul more than my dreams do.
finnaly u upload :) (DA LEGEND IS BAC-)
return to monke
Actually brilliant.
the legend itself is back
This must be a children’s channel.  There’s no way hordes of adults don’t know this stuff.
I was hyped for this vid until I read the description and saw who you worked with to make it. Idk how you could like that guy, maybe 10 years ago, but today?
I love the feeling of overthinking everything in my Life after watching a Vsauce video. Always a great feeling.
Michael had time to think during quarantine,  I think a lot of people did,  this pandemic may saved us from much darker future....
Wouldn’t experts who present facts have confirmation bias as well? And what if that random person wasn’t willing to learn?
We use our reason to rationalize our behaviour, feelings and desires. We create stories to justify them. The big problem of course is, if we don't have a collective meta-story that gives us a common direction we fragment into million pieces.
MICHAEL SHOULD RUN FOR PRESIDENT IN 2024
wtf, that`s the best video I ever seen so far
Sooooooo...... I am adopted?
Michael:  You still foolishly consider yourself an entity separate from the whole, I know better. And I. Will. Show you.
"A frantic blur of flesh and concrete." I love the feeling that this quote gives off. After reading the Interface Series, anything to do with the combination of flesh and some outer material has fascinated me.
I’ve been watching Michael since he used to be a nun in College Humor sketches. What I really liked about him was that he was independent and always questioned everything. And here we are today. Vsauce is a highly influential channel watched by millions. So what happens next? Bill Gates picks up the phone and calls Michael and asks him to echo his personal views of the world. Michael complies without question almost like a medieval servant. I’m not saying that what Bill Gates thinks is wrong or not. I’m only describing what seems to have happened. Makes you think about our society today. Michael, if you are reading this ... what makes you think Bill Gates is right ? Are there any alternative theories/approaches? Did you consider them before doing this show? Please ask yourself that and try to reflect! If you say “Bill Gates knows more than me so I trust him” then try to reconcile that statement with all the previous vsauce videos you’ve ever done and ask yourself this last question “did I scrutinize these theories hard enough? Did I study these theories as deeply as I did with the theory of relativity or consciousness etc.? Or do I consider them obvious ... similar to how people thought the earth was flat because it was “obvious” ?”
Google and Facebook needs to understand what your talking about
15:36 michael is todd howard confirmed
And thank you for the video.
Sounds like Michael recently got slam dunked by a Christian and this is his rebuttal.
Give this man a nobel already.
You rock... as always. :)
Please make video on Covid
The collective groupe of individual randomly selected to debate about a "hyperobject" like climate change, interview and learn from expert : that was the Convention Citoyenne pour le Climat in France last year !   It was 150 honest citizen making 149 proposition to be implemented in french law to fight against climate change and meet our climate goals. That is the future !   And it was also a fail... Macron took those proposition "without filter" he said, but in reality he and his friends at the parliament just deformed every proposition, removing real ambitious changes on our economy and industry from the propositions
1:58 This is not the organ I wanted to see.
4:58 aliens ARE confirmed tho. UFO images recently released by the US are officially said to be actual UFOs
More importantly, where... has Michael been?
Yeah yeah, -climate change- the future doesn't exist.
Everyone start preparing for the economic collapse and the tribulation now please ead this warning get prepared mentally,physically and most importantly spiritually and to trust in the most High God the KING of kings and the LORD of lords KING JESUS always.  be blessed
Love Michael, but sad to see him rehabilitate Bill “Developing countries should not manufacture our vaccines, let’s keep the patents” Gates
The methane molecule is me on the dancefloor 3:00
Woaaaah lottocracy sounds soooo coooool. I heckin wanna see one in the modern day.
This is great.
i like that lotacracy idea...
Thanks for the deep reflections, Michael. Although I have to say I strongly disagree with the “wise crowd” concept. I tend to believe that most people are limited in their reasoning, hence making crowds particularly dangerous for decision, and I would much rather leave those to professionals. I don’t usually find myself disagreeing with a Vsauce statement, am I being too cynic about it?
Funny how people think a hypocrite billionaire adds credibility to the global warming argument. Maybe if they use facts, instead of a hypothesis that they call facts, there wouldn’t be such division.
Where have I heard about the coupons at 18:30?
"Where is your mind?" (Trying to touch your mind, but...) "Where are your fingers?"
Is VSauce indirectly talking about GME here?
I was looking for something to watch while eating and noticed Vsauce had uploaded a new, half-hour video. Here we go! :D
To be frank vsauce videos are getting boring and less creative.i miss the time when he used to take simple subjects and make them fascinating with smart segways.Now it's just complicated mess socio psychological jargon.
where have you been
The Awesome-ometer, coming to your Curiosity Box soon.
1:56 ok here we go...
Wow. I've been looking forward to watching this, but I did not expect this video to hit this hard. Beautiful work to all involved.
I am more than my physical body. So are you.
that one video changed my mind on many ways. Thanks ! Just throwing this out here: What about an online Lottocracie, that would allow more people to participate in the voting, and you couold ensure with a block chain verify the validity of the voter and his or her vote.
How to avoid a climate disaster? No way, as we cannot affect climate sufficiently yet.
I see a problem with lottocracy, sure we would choose a random sample of people to make decisions, but what about experts that would educate them. Even the experts have their own biases and could pass those biases to those random people. Another problem is who would decide who is expert worthy of educating people in some fields
Do we need reasons to love unconditionally? No. However we need both reasons and intuition to deal with these highly complex situations when we are committed to it.
all this video proves to me is that if we get out of this climate change predicament, its going to have to be a standalone solution. ie: one that can be effected by a small number of people, and lets everybody else continue with what they are doing and allows natural pressures to slowly force them to change the way they act. I don't see us all coming to agreement any time soon - hell, look at the pandemic. even the PANDEMIC only caused an emission slowdown of 7%. People are just way too disparate in their beliefs, there is no way in hell that people are going to come to a consensus in changing their entire lifestyle.  I think that this silver bullet is carbon sequestration powered by mass-produced and self-contained nuclear power plants. Basically suck CO2 out of the atmosphere at scale, in such a way that only a small number of people can make a huge impact. Bill Gates incidentally is funding such an effort, but without a cheap, concentrated source of power (that doesn't produce CO2 itself), I don't see how this will be successful.
Estimation of assumption is based on inductive reasoning. Without induction there is no assumption and logic is only useless play. But in formal logic induction is looking like poor relative of deduction.
a lottocracy wouldn't work because they'd still find a way to cheat the system and influence which people get "randomly" picked for these discussions :x
Can we reason objectively without an objective in the first place? Do we agree on the objective and if we agree, do we agree wholeheartedly or partial-heartedly?
Am I the only one in love with the way he says reasoning?
What do you mean by the future of reason? Will our reasoning method change in the future? Will logic and epistemic structure change such that our reasoning method will leap frog the current method?
If Bill Gates truly gave a damn about Earth and humanity he would have not patented a necessary vaccine that the world needs right now. People give Gates far too much credit.
coupon!
The fact that people love eating animals shows where the level of human reasoning is.
What leads reasons and how should we guide reasons?
I love the idea of holding discussion/dissertation seminars, sound like a great idea!
Is married person looking at unmarried person? Not enough information is right answer because question is  unfair.  It isn't logic puzzle but childish play based on ambiguity. Rigth question need  quantifier 'each' or ' only one'.
Sellout.
THE RETURN OF THE KING!
Astral body bro
As usual, awesome video! I like the idea of lotocracy. I only wonder how minority interests would be treated if random sample of a population tends to get individuals with interests of the majority.
Nonsense
Love your dedication Michael, keep up the good work
feel like he would have 5k less dislikes if he didn't mention bill gates or his book.
Yeah, we as a species abandoned reasoning a long time ago, lol.
💜
That was a very good very good very very good video.  Thank you for making this.  Thank you.
One of those videos where putting like right at the start is automatic
this is why we need to weaponize autism, then social dynamics dont have to get in the way of thinking
Although lottocracy sounds like a democratic idea there's a real danger of coming out of each decision making process with a foul compromise. And some questions are yes/no questions, which means that the decision of each "cell" of random people would be a majority decision anyway.
Enjoyed this Michael, interesting to think about our reasoning process and giving more justifications to our reasoning only when being pushed. 11 years of Vsauce baby 💜🦋
First time he is answering question i had in my mind
14:15 hate to break it to ya, VSauce, but there are indeed people who do that.
25:16 something you already know 25:28 the future of reasoning-is the past of reasoning. There you go. Is this vid a prank
Bill Gates is gathering resources to control the world, making vaccines to kill us and wanting to pollute the skies to inhibit farming so he’ll come out on top
Wow, Guess the science agrees with Vaush
One of the deepest topics discussed in vsauce.
What if Marry is dead? Dead people can't be married...
If laws were made by public lottocracies and not by old politicians and lobby groups, I think social equality would come a long way
Please check out Solarpunk
one of the best videos in this channel ✌✌✌✌✌✌ in a sense the rest of the videos are based on this. ahha
it's in the water, see it swimming.....
Thank you for the video , Michael, very informative.
This is probably the flimsiest VSauce hypothesis. Quite a few required predicate jumps in only the first 90 seconds. Come on, VSauce! ❤️
👌
So, basically... Reason is a social construct.
This man could explain away my existence and i'd find a reason why he is right
He remembered his password again
A side information about concrete:  Concrete requires a ton of sand to be made and we got to a point where we almost exhausted natural deposits of sand, but just as Michael said it is expected that we will need more and more in the coming future. This lead to mafia like structures in countries like Morocco and India where people get killed and enslave to transport and sell beaches worth of sand on the black marked. Look it up, shit is scary
"We think so because all other people think so; Or because-or because-after all, we do think so; Or because we were told so, and think we must think so; Or because we once thought so, and think we still think so; Or because, having thought so, we think we will think so."
Evolution is a belief system.
backroomd
Absolutely brilliant Video! Well done Michael!
If Bill Gates is so interested in fixing the problems the world faces, why is his foundation fighting for IP law and #VaccineApartheid instead of opening up patents and helping global south countries manufacture their own vaccines? Also, why is he now the single largest owner of farmland in the US? Abolish billionaires.
14:40 In philosophy of mind people refer to these hidden mechanisms as *transparent* instead of opaque, precisely because your awareness can’t observe them. When you hold two apples one in each hand and compare their weight, you’ll be directly presented with the result in the form of a sense impression, but the whole complex activity that produced that result is transparent. Thomas Metzinger says that when we take psychedelics we can sometimes see a small part of this transparent activity—it becomes opaque and appears to your awareness. He says that decades of meditation can render some bits opaque too.  The argument for reversing the common way we use the word opaque (for something we can’t see into) is that even tho we can’t see into opaque things *we nonetheless know their existence.* This is not the case with our unconscious mind—we can’t even see it! We can only observe its effects some of the time, especially in other people. This is why well over 99% of the people who ever lived never realized they have an unconscious that dictates most of their lives.
"Articles ("a," "an," "the")  Conjunctions (e.g., *"of" "and," "but," "or")  Prepositions (e.g., "on," "in," "with")  In title case, articles, conjunctions, and prepositions are written with a lowercase letter unless they start or end the title." s: Grammar Monster
awesome episode 🤘
30 mins of happiness
REAAAAAASONONIENINIEN
Hello
There is a book called "Society of the Mind", Marvin Minsk, which hints upon this. Granted the big idea in the book is that knowledge is like a disease that wants to spread through the use of humans but began to spread faster through computers and would one day give up on humans. There was also a lot of AI robot wars in the book but it made you think.
I am gonna rule over the world for my individual interests
Damn no 3 laws of logic? Disappointed ...😅
Yeah I don't know about that crowd thing, I've had to prove my point when every single other person in the crowd thought the contrary to be true, and it's not easy, nevermind American Pragmatism, and an epistemology discussion, but they all came around eventually, nice feeling tbh
Michael, back at it again with the existential crisis
Unless Micheal is an elephant, which would make the premise sound, you didn't say it was you, you said Michael, you are not the only Michael in the world, and "awesome" is subjective, but also objective, things are always both, just like saying "awesome is subjective" is objective, but also subjective to us and language, the better word is relative, because defined in contrast with any given element in a system it is objectively/absolutely itself and not the other elements, 1. Law of Identity 2. Law of excluded middle 3. Law of non-contradiction
Man, I love your thought process, however WAY TO MUCH EXPLANATIONS!  We live in the information age. Too much info to process for the 🧠.   Make it simple!
Another great one, thank you!
I feel so good hearing this. I would consider myself a person who actually can admit when told to explain ''why?'' that i might just have a feeling of it, or that ''I dont know? just an idea'' At the same time... i could get much better! LETS EVOLVE
I imagine this "random group of citizens" would have to be either big enough to be representative of the population or be chosen pseudo-randomly to accommodate the disparity of opinions and personal circumstances? how feasible would these options be? how would we treat the perspective of people without any specific preparation on issues that profoundly affect us all? what about issues that affect some groups of people more than others? how do we make sure that random citizens picked indeed do not represent "special interests" (i.e., where do we draw the line, who is eligible)? I can forsee at least some problems affecting current democratic modes of government perpetuating themselves even after the application of the drastic changes suggested in this video...  (I mean, we could have a loooong discussion on the effectiveness of juries in the US system lol, I sure hope we'd evolve a bit from that) p.s. welp, is this video Bill Gates propaganda? 😅
Extinction:  Nature's way of getting rid of stupid species who cannot figure out how to survive throughout all of future eternity.
Those that attend Davos are the ones who decide everything
Flaws are intentional you say? What could have caused that... 10,000+ years of history on being manipulated by other humans ever since civilizations formed perhaps?
Postmodern nihilism lures behind this reasoning against reasoning. Our democracies are really oligarchies because only this works despite all its problems. A skilled general makes better judgments  than 1000 soldiers taking a vote. The majority average guessing the right answer is because of the modern average level of education, imagine those experiments 300 years ago and see how correct was the majority. This is the basis for communism and the reason 6 million people starved to death in ussr in 1930s- they though they could manage the farms better than the farmers. Reason comes from nature, 1+1=2. You never see another moon spontaneously coming to existence and then disappearing. Logic is a human construct but our best chance to deal with the universe, its the  best representation of it in our heads. Good reasons stand on their own, even if there is none there. Collective intelligence is of course true, but it doesnt disprove reason, it IS reason. You are not an elephant because you are what 'we ' call human, but you are a human even if you are unconscious. Its the complex arrangement of your particles, cells,etc which is explained by evolution. Whoever suggested you are an elephant, is a postmodernist.🤣 Thoughts, memes etc follow the same development, the more support something has, the more functions, the more connections with its surroundings, the better it endures, no matter if it's a bridge, a  planet or an idea.
Vsauce videos are so good, that even after you watch the full 30 minutes, you know YouTube gonna recommend you the video to watch again for a solid week afterwards
i like the system you proposed
This may be your best video yet.
lmao imagine caring what Bill Gates thinks
damn, that's a good idea there at the end with the lottocracy thing
I'd give lottocracy a go, can't be any worse than the stilted shitshow we live in now.
Other people: climate change is a big problem Michael: Nearly every part of life as we know it today involves or relies on a process that releases molecules with lopsided electrical charges. This property causes them to absorb and reemit thermal radiation, pinging it around so that it escapes into space more slowly.
What if Micheal is indeed an elephant and that's his name?
So basicly Uncle Ben was right all along: With great power comes great responsibility.
« We use conclusions to make reasoning » That’s a problem... but a solution too 🤯
Who's this guy, who's this guy
Actually sat thru the entire video. It's that interesting. Thanks Vsauce
watching this at 3 am at 1.5 speed hits different
Gates is paying youtubers to shit on individual thought? This can only end well. And why the hell would we want Athenian democracy? We are modeled after the Roman republic....
Who says that concrete infrastructure makes for a better life?
2:15 "more concrete was installed in the last 2 decades outside the US than was installed in the US in the entire 20th century." Im struggling to understand why this is a surprising fact
Your existence makes this world so much damn better!
His table  is very soft ........
That Synthwave Vaporwave at the end never fails to bring up those hopeful dreadish vibes 💛
If vcauce started a cult I’d probably join
Ahhhh so THIS is why there are people who actually support AOC 🤔
What if we have all already been quantumly recreated and that's why nobody outside the Earth is contacting us?
I speak on behalf of the hive mind (as we all do), and the hive mind says, it likes this video. ❤
Oh god this video is so close to my heart. I have been pondering stuff like this. This video makes me feel vindicated in some small way, and now I feel much more alive.
Era-TOS-then-eez, not eRatos-theens. Eratosthenes
Ah good old vsauce. Makes me feel smart and dumb at the same time.
get back to me when you start dealing with the overarching and far more critical problem of nuclear war.
Good to here but hard to adhere.
The best of everything you want is here!!  Any challenge and any video you want is here Just Watch and Enjoy ;)❤️ If u Like our video , please like them and subscribe our channel for more new Video. If you have a suggestion or you like a certain style of video, you can contact us in the comments.
2:45 ted kaczynski wants to know your location
The reason for reasoning isn't truth, but rather survival.
Post DMT Michael is Really hard to understand.....
Fantastic video.
Democracy always transitions to Oligarchy. It's always been that way. A Lottocracy would probably have the same issue. The only way it could work is it we had an AI overlord and then you still have an Oligarchy in the AI and/or those who built it as that's where the real power lies. Same thing if you only did it with people.
let’s make National Deliberation Day!
Hypnotic video convinces me my brain doesn't work.
Here is my awesome-inator
i have a coupon always is the best reason
Sentientism is the answer.
What i find funny is nuclear energy has solved emission problems in France and no one has taken this into account
Bill Gates is not a meteorologist or a climatologist
Great, now I'm gonna be sad I can't change how my government works by sending them a video
*Anarcho Communism*
I don’t believe that our race will get through the great filter. I think we are going to end up going extinct within the next thousand years or thrown back to the Stone Age. Our species is just too greedy/selfish. If you are someone who prescribes to the idea that our species was created by genetic engineering by a Extra-Terrestrial race then hopefully they could come back and do some more genetic engineering to make us smarter and more caring and less greedy/selfish and less aggressive and remove some of the animalistic behaviors we have. I would really really love for our race to be a thriving interstellar or intergalactic species with no wars or poverty.. I hope for and wish for that. 🤞🏼
Well yea, of course.
Yes, we are kinda bad at reasoning. But that is *not* why we cannot solve climate change. We would be good enough to solve it in a vacuum. But the bad financial incentives our capitalist system produces keep us from recognizing and even after recognition adressing the problem.
Nice
I’m feeling like I hit a jackpot when I see a new video from Vsauce!
We all going to focking die!!
Does anyone believe the crowd in the time of Eratosthenes would have had a better estimation of the size of the Earth?
“How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.” just leave earth problem solved.
i dont know what to do with myself after watching this
You lost me at Bill Gates. We have enough good history though, so I will just skip this one and try again on the next upload.
Methane is BANG on!
Is Michael ever out of cocaine?
Michael doesn't need to be an elephant for us to know he's a awesome. Or does he?
Imagine wanting to take advice from a WHITE male 🤦‍♀️ #bigot #racist
Logic is partial tool
My man just played minecraft music
This was a great video. I felt like this was a return to what made me fall in love with this channel.
Bill Gates is an evil eugenicist. I wouldn't trust him an inch. I also spotted the gaping flaws in your reasoning in about 5 seconds. You're not a scientist; you're a propagandist. WWG1WGA
moon men at 5:42
YEAH, THIS IS BIG MIND TIME!
12:37 there you go
..I'monna hit the real sauce now, thanks.
Vsauce music hits diff
Good ol hypertheticals
We love you Michael
Today was a good day and I'm positive this message will be a sign of that forever to whoever uncovers all the data from the web in some far future.
hello people from the future!
So, you sold your soul?
Yo that piano in the background made me think my house was haunted lmao
hi
This man is a treasure. Been here since b4 this channel had under 100K subs and still I always take away a new and engaging perspective. Keep it up Micheal you're changing lives
this is why im communist. power to the people
Ahh time for some fun school
I'm all for rule by jury. Until the all knowing computer can rule us.
Useful 30 mins in my life ❣️
Achille Mbembe should get a mention here
"father bless them all with reason, this is what they choose. Monkey killing monkey over pieces of the ground."
So what about nuclear energy? Why are the "green" parties so against it?
Vsauce first 10 min : Wow i get it Vsauce Last 10 min : please let me go, i dint ask for this nonsense
What i learned. Democracy: choose people who decide stuff for us at random.
it is extremely difficult to argue over the internet because typing is much harder than speaking so people often present extremely weak points to save time
coupon!
You want to reduce carbon emissions? Tell Bill Gates to stop flying around on planes. Also tell China to stop building so many coal power plants. This entire video is nothing but "We need to do this and we need to do that" but honestly we aren't the problem. There are bad actors and I'm not one of them. Don't place blame on me.
Game B
this was amazing
He guys, a muon wobbled with 21 instead of the predicted 18. This might be the most significant find in decade!  If you got no clue what I'm talking about. Don't worry, it's all part of today's reasoning. Look up fermilab's explanation video
You're a true OG if you already know which Vsauce outro soundtrack he's gonna use right before he ends his final words.
Human life, as we know it, will be over as quickly as it started. We are microscopic, both in size and in significance, juxtaposed to the time scale and physical scale of this single universe.
I don't understand, what is there so hard to justify about not getting the product with more functions? "Because I am not paying more for things I don't need." Or if money wasn't a factor at all then simply, "Because I know that I will not need them." There, sentences that probably exists in all languages, explanation accomplished, moving on.
Take the Lottocracy to its Natural extreme: figure out how to make a dice roll make the decision.  Human being are morons at choice but genius at solving problems.  Make problems.
These are still the best videos on YouTube.
5:43 yea Alan Watts told everyone this a while ago!!!
The end proposition of sortition is amazing! I listened to that old Ted talk too
You have no Idea how important this video was for me. I kinda relived me of this weight I was feeling seeing the divided bias of people.
Hey, Vsauce, what is the purpose of our evolution? I mean - just to multiply and survive, like bacteria? My guess is the one part of the purpose of evolution directed into sophistication and brains is to become "space bacteria". Everything civilized, like art - just might serve one evolutionary purpose - leaving the planet. Colonizing new worlds. IDK why though we should colonize space. Anyway the first question matters more. Because it's good to know "the checkpoint" we're going to. We have probably a lot of time before we get there.
big brain
why the smooth jazz a little too loud in the sound mix?
Reasoning solely might not be the only ability required to pass the filter. As reasoning starts from individual and an individual thinks considering themselves first. What required is to change the collective reasoning to the broader perspective. The main question should be how it is possible to create that collective perspective that how the actions today affect the far future.
Someday, we'll all be  The Ancient.   Brings a tear to my eyes. 🥲
11:20>> Pulling out my awesome-o-meter. Beep... Beep.... Beep..... #Jackpot
That chair makes me think of the time I was watching a series and saw an hourglass in the background while  I was holding it. Not particularly an opinion or smn just wanted to share...
Love the Bill Gates book references!
after more than a decade, micheal has not changed one bit
I thought this channel was dead
Huh, sounds like localities should make informed decisions by themselves. Sounds like a system of governance I've heard of before.
“It’s all preparation for a debate that never comes.” That hit hard.  I loved the ending.  I would try lottocracy.
so, by seeing this video and completely agreeing with it, is it also confirmation bias ?  i mean how do i know ?
It's all just a game.
"unintentional consequences" so... Unforeseen Consequences? Full-Life Consequences?
My head hurts. Learning is painful.
BenDeLaCreme 🗣
the king is back
WHEN THE ORIGINAL VSAUCE BACKGROUND MUSIC CAME ON I SCREAMED IN EXCITEMENT. LOVE THIS VIBE
wow, that was an extremely deep video about what is plaguing the world today. Climate change, misinformation, people not feeling like they have a voice as everyone in power rules and so many other things. Only a few cutaways, but other than that ... It was very direct and personal as you sat and talked to us. Really makes me know that this is very important to you are an individual Michael.
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates..." Interesting.
I think it's reasonable to "Appeal to Authority" (doesn't matter if self appointed) and my most favorite, "Argumentum ad Crumenam" (Appeal to those with Money) But of course a true and honest discussion from all sides is never complete without "Argumentum ad Lapidem" (Appeal to the Stone: Dismiss out of hand, ignore opposing viewpoints, calling them absurd without hearing out evidence)
The footage used at 1:32 is of the Athabasca Oil Sands in Alberta, Canada. The story of that region is incredibly interesting and truly tragic. Highly recommend everyone taking a look at it and doing some research with the theme of this video in mind.
Very true
I love how this video is showing how the actual information is not given by the mean inference of a particular situation, but instead by the uncertainty of this situation happening, on how much an opinion on one such event might append. This is how modern decision algorithm works, because there is so much more information retained in how people with different living responds to different situations. Collective agreements do not rise from common thinking on a subject, but from the variety of reasoning emerging from a pool of drastically differing ways of thoughts, an explanation on how people are thinking differently from others, a new way of reasoning.
Vsauce mentioned my brain is tofu 😒
vsause makes videos that will be looked back on for 50-100-1000 years
"The Future of Reasoning" is seizing the wealth and means of production of that wealth from people like Bill Gates who have been knowingly causing global warming for decades, and using said seized wealth to litterally save the entire planet from the capitalist class. It's depressing anyone could think buying a victim blaming self help book from the people causing the problems could ever solve them.
If only we could use our amazing abilities to actaully save this planet, but money and power and greed will likely bring us closer and closer to our demise
We’re at the point where a president can lose an election and just say “no I didn’t” and it fundamentally changes a nation. I’m sorry Michael...your work is incredible but I can’t help but feel it’s all for nothing.  Great video though!!!! (cries)
Michael Stevens for president... But only he creates a lottocracy
High iq man
Solution: decentralize EVERYTHING. The sooner the better. End large power structures in everything, corporations, religions, governments, economy...Etc.
I don’t even know why the f I’m watching this, But I watched till end; understood nothing.
Animal agriculture is more damaging to the environment than the whole of transportation sector combined. We are, quite literally, gambling with the future of our planet- for the sake of hamburgers, this is where logical reasoning comes in handy, use it.
Until we escape a profit priority economy, I don't see a way to bring real change to the planet.  What will bring this change? Escalated inequality? Natural disaster? I don't know, what do you think? @Vsauce Thanks for the video.
Trump supporters need this video.
vsauce you have become a dump.
Look at the like to view ratio. I have never seen so many likes for so few views (few for what it deserves) idk what the algorithm thinking.
This is a great conversation to start among the masses, stellar video as always VSauce
Wait people just¿ intuit when people are upset¿ I literally like, analysis and list everything he described in order to figure out if someone is upset lol
tbh this is the first vsauce vid that had trouble paying attention to,,, production seemed lazy :/
Bill Gates huh. Unsubin. Don't let this dude manipulate you.
This is a really good video...   ...or is it?  *familiar VSauce music plays  It is.
PLEASE RUN FOR PRESIDENT STEVE!!😭 SAVE HUMANITY
Bill Gates is just another evil billionaire asshole. He is NOT a global health expert. He's AGAINST waiving vaccine patents (which shouldn't be patentable because they were funded with US Taxpayer money) during a GLOBAL PANDEMIC. He has $160 BILLION that is enough money to last the average American 28 THOUSAND lifetimes (assuming you live 95 years).
“Babe, wake up, new Vsauce”
"Where is your mind?"  My one braincell: *screaming*
The world: Being killed by billionaires to make billions Vsauce: By this billionaires book about how it's all your fault
Really thought provoking video and I can't help but think that Vsauce is advocating for more Jubilee videos.
It's interesting. This is actually what I've been saying for Years. That Governments need to become Non Profit, Voluntary positions, anyone holding office should be Anonymous/Random, it shouldn't be a position of power or authority. I believe that Artificial Intelligence/General intelligence is going to make this quite possible and manageable as well.
It's depressing how far my heart dropped when he said "Bill Gates" The man who cold save the world, but instead wants to convince all the poor people it's their job  If humans go extinct, it will be the fault of people like Bill Gates, it's depressing people don't see that.
10 years ago, you made a video about Mario farting.     What a fucking glow up.
I'm so glad Steve raised me.
The future of reasoning seems rather dim considering global CO2 levels are rising, said CO2 rise leads to lowered cognitive ability.
Ah my bi-annual dose of existential crisis. :)
The unintended consequences of our technological advancement is tied to the fact that humans are constantly trying to avoid that one Big Law:  the Law of Diminishing Returns!      At some point, no matter how beneficial a thing, e.g., a thought,  an action, a feeling or a "state of being" is to us, the benefit diminishes after an ambiguous point.    Example: one glass of water a day is too little, 6 glasses is good, 8 glasses is maximum under most conditions, 10 glasses is now harmful, 15 glasses is likely life-threatening.  Too much technical advancement will also hit that unavoidable barrier, the Law of Diminishing Returns, and become more and more harmful, until it is completely deadly.
Almost as rare as hardcore history
25:25 That piano drop is so nostalgic.  I feel like I lost the point of the discussion, though, a few minutes back.  I want to believe that humans can course-correct before it's too late, and I think the topic of using logic and reason, like what's been said, is not enough to convince people to change.  Playing to people's strengths and hopes can do a lot more to create a way for people to understand the importance to change things.  Oof and then you just said that right after, need to wait to finish the video before I say anything heh.
Sellout
Michael you broke my awesome-ometer
Michael for president
Your foundational premise is that our minds evolved. That is a false premise.  How can you even imagine that the random bumpings of atoms could produce reason?
hi people of the future, i know you are here.
Awesome!!!!!!
So we're told from birth that we live in a Democracy, when we actually live in an Oligarchy. Our deliberation skills are atrophied as we seek out dopamine hits of bite-sized info-media that pander to our intuitive biases: "Conservatives" are intuitively more fear driven, "Liberals" are intuitively more empathy driven. A rough two-party system forms, to play political theater while ultimately serving the wealthy Oligarchs who usually don't want to deal with being kings in crosshairs. The people with enough self-importance/narcissism to want to "lead" will groom themselves to conform to party lines, and campaign-promise pander to the whims of a populace who've been allowed to exercise a sort of 'Democracy on rails' ultimately still directed by the Oligarchs. Almost all first world nations are running on deficit spending, using fiat and monetary systems which obscure facts just enough that commoners will never understand how to be 'fiscally responsible' on a national or global level; the topic alone will always just be a dog-whistle topic for Conservatives and Liberals to busy themselves with, while once again it's the Oligarchs who ultimately decide which direction we take. Bah. I'll hush up now; I'm drifting too far from the topic at hand. Fantastic brain-food of a Vsauce episode, anyway. Thank you, Michael and the team of brilliant people who help Michal do this.
what i got from this is that reasoning is a step on the path to sapience
Love it!
This was a very valuable talk! It touched on issues that are profound and crucial to our survival, in an accessible way. This channel is a gift to society.
I love the idea of existential security. You mentioned you were working with Bill Gates...are you working with his team to brainstorm ideas of how to save the future of reasoning i.e. implementing (positive vibes) deliberation into communities on a local level? I am all about this. I am a high school math teacher and I constantly question how to show children the value in reasoning (lol and am now learning that value is mostly social!)  I love to deliberate/debate and I believe the "lone reasoner" take has an unfortunate and immediate defensive reaction to opposing views, as in declaring: "we are all entitled to our opinion" the moment a differing view is mentioned.
Vsauce is the greatest channel of all time.
This is the greatest channel of all time.
I think this is a silent jab at the state of the modern university
This is one of the greatest channels of all time.
300k  people sat through 30minutes of this video,  felt smarter at the end and felt they learned something but we all know know a small percentage only did it. Still better than any netflix show.
15:37 software engineers united
The reasons is the video resulted in me changing my mind about one thing and reinforcing my view about another.   Changed view: Random selected Jury i now see as a good thing. I used to think paid professionals would be better qualified.   Reinforced view: Social media promotes echo chambers of same views to justify stupid things, like pronouns such as tree and tree self.
I stan but I am super curious WHO AND WHY THE DOWNVOTE? Please, for science, I need to know
That end quote was beautiful.
Guess V-Sauce supports new world order. Cool.
The only way anything is finding out about humans is when they discover super weak electromagnetic radiation millions or billions of light years from now/here with Gilligan's Island & Married With Children reruns encoded within.. Nothing will actually arrive at Earth before the Sun cooks it or swallows it.
You know what is so interesting, Vsauce?  The type of evolutionary reasoning you describe is the essential tool for sales. You don't list off benefits before you get an objection, you respond your rebuttal once an objection is presented. Then end it with a question, that way it makes them process your reasoning while providing a link to their own. Man i love how psychological sales is, gosh diggity dog.
another sophist. absolute garbage in the most socratic of forms
Another puppet of BILLUMINATI GATES.  Unsubscribed  Very upset with you Micheal
Wow, the best video yet.  By a long shot.
Aboit fuking tyme?
What if Mary is a dog?
I think Michael is right for these reasons: 1. Green shirt 2. this video is 46th in trending (despite being 30min long) 3. Green is my favourite colour. 4. other things that are green include: vegetable, money, etc... 5. glasses 6. Green shirt I think it's clear to see if you disagree with this conclusion then you are, in fact, a moron.
People in citys think of industrial meatproduction as damaging for the world but forget that a direct cause of moving millions of people crammed up in a litte space and call it a city is that foodproduction need to be industrialized to feed them. Soulution is not to stop eating meat. All other food gets industrialized too. A Deurbanizing strategy would change a lot more than people think. If you move the jobs out of the city the people will follow. Simple as that.
What makes you think advanced civilizations are still using radio waves? Think bigger.
انا متابع عربي وبتمني تحط ترجمه بالعربيه
Big brain video
3.3k dislikes. I wonder who this crowd is and why exactly they disliked it🙁
selling out to the freemasons I see what a shame
Emissions are a good talking point n' all but biodiversity and wild habitat loss is what will really cripple the capacity of our planet to provide for us.
This makes me think why I ate a raw potato
i think calculas is much easier to understand
Ah yes nice not even an ad
I advice everyone to watch this video a couple of times, it will open up your mind more than you think
Ah, right...Bill Gates.  A video about reason from someone that uses their wealth to work towards creating a populace that doesn't reason or question, but only accepts.  Thanks, but really, no thanks.
And then he stacks tops
Federated consensus. Anarchy now. ✊  Fuck Bill Gates.
me: my mind is in my head  vsauce: your brain is tofu
I think this might the most important video on youtube right now.
21:43 Opening the Eye of Agamotto
I don't know dude, in elementary school we had a contest among the entire school to guess how many dimes would fit inside the worlds tallest man's shoe, and my guess was only 16 off from the mark and I won. I have never been so lucky in my life lmfao
Vsauce just proved that we all just make up sh*t as we go a long. We're all essentially just lying most of the time. We open our mouth on a whim and then seek justification after...mmmm
First thing, show concrete undeniable and direct evidence and facts
This is definitely the worst VSauce video in a while. But most youtube content has declined over the years... oh well.
jesus christ..how bad is this video?
Another thing worth pointing out is that the human mindset responds more to imminent dangers, especially those caused by a foreign enemy. This is why 9/11 led to the war in Afghanistan, tighter airport security, and the creation of a whole new department. Climate change hasn't resulted in anywhere near that.
Vsauce long interesting intelectual videos scare me.
Well... I'm convinced! You reasoned the heck out of this. Brilliant.
Something I'd like to point out that everyone I have ever talked to at length seem to be guilty of is confusing reason with causation.  I believe that it is due to mirror neurons. For instance in evolutionary scientist usually give reason for the adaptations a lifeform may have. The creature did not purposely evolve and evolution is not sentient yet seemingly intelligent people do this constantly. We empathize with animals and non living entities to the point we make movies about talking toasters or rabbits. We have came to different religious conclusions because of it.
I intended to click off this video multiple times because it was just so much to grasp but I simply...couldn’t.
My intuition tells me that while a Lottocracy seems logical, the fact that intuition and intentions both exist and balance each other out within a person means that a population of inter-contemplating individuals has both a conformist half and an autodidact half... So, the population chosen at random would consist of either A. mostly non-reasoning people (as seen in this video's examples of illogical decision making), B.  half non-reasoning and half reasoning, and C. Mostly reasoning people. Now that all sounds fine and swell until you remember it's not black and white but a gradient. So more often than not you will have lottocratic group of people that are either conformist or self-educated and reasoning but not working in their specialization and so they default to conforming more often than not which leads to poorer and poorer outcomes from this supposed justice system, fueling restlessness and distrust. This is the problem: we live in a specialized society to increase efficiency but that creates people that don't think outside the box, so they want and demand a fixed solution to the ever-specializing problems of civilization. Zero vs infinity and the only solution is one.
Human evolution is now social evolution. A society can evolve much faster than a species.   Engineers know the true art of the possible. (The solution comes down to logistics.) Politicians just quibble about the funding. (The funding of the solution comes down to political game theory.) Game theory assumes a context of US vs THEM. So empathy tends to be limited.  Keep doing what you were doing and expecting to get a different result -- is a symptom of irrationality (insanity). The biggest challenge of this century will be general (social and personal) SANITY.
Another Propaganda. lol
“The earth is but one country and mankind its citizens”
i would feel so honoured to meet this guy and just have a conversation with him before i become "history"...
Why do Americans get everything wrong? Reasoning is an evolutionary reposnes to an non-random environment. Nothing more
I absolutely love your videos, finest quality
This is everything I think about everyday explained w research
What would I have to study to be this knowledgeable in this topic?
none of what he says is true..
Incredible video. 👍
I was enjoying it before he turned into Al Gore.
The thump screen is cool , where can i find it?
This was one of your best videos. Enjoyed and learned. Thanks.
Oh..well.. Hello! Michael!
10:27 It doesn't say whether Mary is married so not enough information   oops
We will be the ancients... including this comment when this video gets recommended in 10 years...
You guys do such a good job.
doing this with bill gates,? bye bye.
Reason will prevail!
Mind blindingly beautifully put, I feel upgraded 🥴😅
You don't plan with a phone / computer. You plan with your mind and store it in the phone / computer.
I love the lottocracy
collective unconscious 1, great man theory 0
He looks like the guy who can speak Russian in stranger things
VSAUCE Micheal here
I'm just vibing to Jake Chudnow at this point.
God of War teaching us all kinds of things
always get the tinglies at the end of these videos :)
This man is just beyond us and all that we can reason.
sounds like an individual has a strong belief that the wisdom of the crowd would deliver better reasoning if and only if it agrees with that individual's own conclusions about how to approach climate change  not really putting faith in social reasoning if it's contingent on it reaching the 'correct' conclusion and a failure if it doesn't
Bill the "doctor" "eugenicist" "climate specialist" "satan" gates.   I may have watched but sorry
One of the coolest Vsauce episodes yet!
"Instead of using reasoning to come to conclusions, we use conclusions to come to reasons."   This made me think of the theory of Evolution
were are your fingers
I love you Michael, but Gates is an untrustworthy eugenicist.
vsauce has never changed
Man, Bill is really getting all the big one on board. I do not trust him.  He and company are trying to usher us into technocratic ruled socialism.  His talks and track records are backing that, and if you ask for evidence. You're clearly not doing enough research.  Did you hear he tried ro start a project where they would block the sun by letting things into the atmosphere, or his dabbles in sterilising *vackses in around africa and india. He has followed the work around his father taking after the Planned Parenthood organisation and is a firm believer in eugenics.
utterly awesome
FUCK THE CROWD!!!
As soon as I heard he was collaborating with Gates, I had to type this, and stop listening.  Bill Gates is a mediocre car salesman at best, but everyone listens to him because he has lots of money.  Never forget that Gates thought the internet was a 'fad'.  What better visionary to lead us into oblivion?
“We will some day be the ancients,” gave me chills.
This video is dumb.  Elephants are objectively awesome.
Starting to sound like Rod Sterling a little there
collender
Yo Vsauce! I already hit like even before watching it I'm so excited!. Please come back bro! Ahahahah more vids like the old days pls!
One of your best Micheal, good work
I don’t know the social purpose of reasoning, doesn’t feel really plausible. Reasoning did play a part in our social nature no doubt, but I doubt that it exists for that purpose.  The example of the ABC burgers could be seen as changing reasoning under scrutiny, but that in itself feels as confirmation bias, where the interpretation of questioning the other’s reasoning upon finding it lacking, is just as or more reasonable. And to believe that human societies have always relied on communal deliberations is a bit of a stretch. Con-men, dictatorial rulers, and idolized leaders didn’t spawn into existence during the last century. They’ve been here for a while, the dark ages a great example of it, to the point that social deliberation with differing views was looked down upon, on a societal level.  While I do agree that discussion of varying views does hold benefit, as earlier mentioned, biases are features, and we can’t ignore the fact that we’ve naturally evolved to sometimes place them on top deliberation, because of how  corruptible our reasoning can be.
This video really ought to be more controversial than the comments appear to show it to be.
This is a designer drug
I find this video rather depressing. I didn't expect Bill Gates propaganda on this channel.
Michael can you look into one of Dr. Zakir Naik videos ?
Reason me this: Why did I realize that in the painting at 17:16, that the two people on the right edge of the portrait is the part used on the album covers for Guns N Roses, Use Your Illusions I & II?
amazing
Sup trending
Helped to balance out my mind to think carefully on important decisions atleast.
Michael Polanyi - The Tacit Dimension
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates"  So Satan produced this. Thanks for the heads up.
I see Vsauce, I click. I dont need any other reason.
i got the puzzle right
every month of waiting is totally worth! It is very odd, though, that this video was made together with a billionaire, which is itself one of the reasons why lottocracy (or anarchy, if you wish to be more historic) can't happen. Bill Gates and other billionaires have fortunes that could solve so many issues, even one of these hyperproblems, but he still thinks that he's best contributing by writing a book - that is, alone reasoning.
5400 sleepy-headsets
That moment when you say ''or is it'' at the same time. xD
15min, the more i watch this, the more of a freak i feel. O_o
This was weak sauce V sauce...
bruh exactly what i was thinking yesterday
i love this
Vsause is the only dictator i would accept
gateslol
Thank you so much for this video Vsauce.
If everyone had to watch Vsauce the world would be a better place
Vsauce? I thought this guy went off into south america to do drugs and evil science.   Time to sift through this channel again for the first time in a few years.   Love this man.
I understand everything, Michael. Reasoning is inherently flawed, especially when not aided by systematised experience of the entire Humanity: aka: Science. And science is next to impossible to explain to people. Especially if you're me,  I suck at explaining things, or I would have had a channel like yours. But do tell me this: What's the deal with "porno music" at 14:08 ?  Now surely, there must be a reason! )
if Bill Bezos wants to help humanity, maybe he should get Facebook to pay its taxes 🤔
one more video that changed my life.... thanks vsauce
I like how this is a climate change video in disguise so as to not trigger the right wingers.
It's time for a bunch of silly haha youtube comments about how funny Vsauce is and nothing about the topic of the video!
“Reason evolved to be used socially”  I wonder if this could be an underlying reason for the general human tendency towards preferring democracy as a form of government  Edit: oh nvm he actually brought this up
A Good Way To Start Battling Climate Change Is By Going Vegan
Frustrating on so many levels but thank you for sharing the thought and glad to see we are on the same page. Loved the video and thank you michael/vsauce <3
Reason gave us a reason to value things from one generation to the next. That means one generation dies and the next has to fight over what remains. Warfare is the result of reason.
I don't plan with phones and notes and calendars. Those are data taking/storing devices.
Bill Gates's henchman. Unsubscribed!
Anyone else get a serotonin boost when the classic vsauce music played?
Awesome-ometer should be included in the Curiosity Box!
Goosebumps when the theme music came in. Thanks Michael
Well if someone offered me two products for the same price, one with more features than the purpose I'm trying to buy it for and the other precisely tuned to my initial specifications, it's pretty _reasonable_ to want to buy the one with more features as a future proof. After all, why limit your options - your initial assessment of what you'd want to use the product for is based off the limited information you had at the time you made it, therefore it is bound to be at least incomplete, if not plain wrong. That said, there is certainly some merit to the idea that we make choices first and justify them to ourselves later. It's a thing I notice myself quite often as well, and it's why confirmation bias is such a dinger to try to avoid.
I love when Vsauce uploads.
When I was a kid people give reasons I thot they where excuses and wrong never gave them and got punishment , I am in to art and hell people give all kind of reasons for it with  out it being true, a pretty thing doesn't need reason to be liked  but a reason why you are so in to it
Jumpscare at 16:08
Whatever happened to Jake Chudnow’s music?
Does anyone who watched this whole video think big tech censorship is healthy?
"And the merchants of the earth weep and mourn for her, since no one buys their cargo anymore, cargo of gold, silver, jewels, pearls, fine linen, purple cloth, silk, scarlet cloth, all kinds of scented wood, all kinds of articles of ivory, all kinds of articles of costly wood, bronze, iron and marble, cinnamon, spice, incense, myrrh, frankincense, wine, oil, fine flour, wheat, cattle and sheep, horses and chariots, and slaves, that is, human souls.   'The fruit for which your soul longed has gone from you, and all your delicacies and your splendors are lost to you, never to be found again!'  The merchants of these wares, who gained wealth from her, will stand far off, in fear of her torment, weeping and mourning aloud,    'Alas, alas, for the great city that was clothed in fine linen, in purple and scarlet, adorned with gold, with jewels, and with pearls! For in a single hour all this wealth has been laid waste.'  And all shipmasters and seafaring men, sailors and all whose trade is on the sea, stood far off and cried out as they saw the smoke of her burning,   'What city was like the great city?'  And they threw dust on their heads as they wept and mourned, crying out,   'Alas, alas, for the great city  where all who had ships at sea grew rich by her wealth! For in a single hour she has been laid waste.'  Rejoice over her, O heaven, and you saints and apostles and prophets, for God has given judgment for you against her!” Revelation 18:11‭-‬20
Watching earlier vs later Vsauce videos is incredible. Micheal has evolved.
Great Filters definitely exist. What is unknown is how many they are and how great of a filter they are. It's what makes the Drake equation nearly worthless since every variable is speculation.
This has inspired me to in the future set up social debates of maybe ten or fifteen people and like he suggested we could all collectively look at findings from experts and then begin weighing in on these hyperobjects, and maybe we'd even record it and put it online to show just one social set of considerations about one of these important topics. I don't know if that will ever become popular but we can all be the change we want to see in the world instead of just watching a video about how reasoning can improve and continuing in our inertia.
I'm getting serious Gaia Hypothesis vibes from this video...humans and all life on the planet interacting with the Earth to create a self-regulating superorganism...that can eventually reproduce through directed panspermia of the sufficiently intelligent species that managed to evolve (humans, in our case).
I love and fear these thoughts...
teacher: So give me a reason why u chose that Me:
Typical Vsauce. I have no idea what I'm going to watch when I click the thumbnail, but I know I'll be more aware at the end of it.
I love the concept of using a jury like body of people to weigh in on major issues, however it would never work with a truly random selection. There simply too many people in this world who lack the ability to even comprehend the issues we are facing and even fewer that could articulate their point of view. That's not to say that such people could not be educated but to do so would take years and those doing the educating could shape the eventual outcome. In large enough groups, assuming most of the population are capable, the effects of such ignorance could be minimal but never fully overcome. To make matters worse, any other kind of selection process could end up being corrupted in order to get the results that those in power want. This happens often with juries.
10:30 No one said Mary is a person.  Mary doesn’t have to be a person to look or be looked at. Mary could be a butterfly or a robot.  So, yeah - not enough information to say. Or is it...? 😁
Loving the philosophy video. It's amazing how logic can be such a difficult thing to grasp immediately out of birth.
this idea is great
🕊💟⚛️☦️☸️💟🕯❄️🍀 🔔📯❇️   amazing.
Nonsense
i agree we have a problem with climate change that's why i was willing to pay the carbon tax we all pay for. I was expecting the government to use that tax to remover the carbon from our atmosphere and make rules and laws to reduce the carbon. It seams to me no money is spent on removing the carbon from our atmosphere only fines and taxes to put carbon into our atmosphere. Our government has to start looking at constructing atmosphere scrubbing facilities like power plants or road ways.
The answer to the question of this video is *literally* socialism yet people invent bullshit such as LOTTOCRACY to try and solve historical/economical problems. This conception is so lazy and dumb when it doesn't consider modern States, their historical origins, who really has the political power, what are their interests and what we need to do in order to change who has that political power. Please read Marxism because it is the closest thing to a scientifical method to understand AND change modern society.
Bill Gates microchipped your ace
my mind when I am doing homework
@4:48 I think this month (May), large reputable news outlets helped confirm, from the US gov, that UFOs are real and some of the footage most of us have likely seen is also real.  Cool purposeful conclusion...the UK has a gov option to do something like that.
"it's all preparation for a debate that never comes" is the key part. We have to take into account who is disrupting the argumentation.
"Magistrates chosen by random = democracy; chosen by elections = oligarchy." Oligarchy  = show is run by only a limited group of people. Have we ever had the chance to elect a person who came from poverty? I mean born into it, grew up in it, and resided in it. People "pull themselves up by their bootstraps, " but are then transitioned into a different economic level than the working poor. You need money to run. We haven't had anyone who didn't "get over being poor." The idea of deliberations achieved through lottery chosen groups is the way to involve everyone.  The jellybean guessing experiment really is a good illustration. And we could get back to being friends with friends who may have opinions that are vastly different than ours.
I love your videos, but I had a hard time focusing on this one due to the music you had playing. It's not really necessary
Vsauce for president
2:51 MAAAAAAN, Couldn't you have said "unforeseen consequences" instead? That would have sent shivers down thousand's of people's spines!
This life cant be real
Dealing with the pollution/emission hyperobject by using reason socially is too utopian, it would never work.
ok ok i get it. i'm supposed to be content with less. Jeez it's like there's a population versus resources problem or something.
Sus amount of downvotes, im guessing its the GW non believers...
Social reasoning could only really work if only our minds would debate, not our hormones as well
Omg he's back!!!
Communism will win
9:46 every political side ever.
This man should be the president of the world
Sophistry
Wait, does this mean that YouTube comments shouldn't be ignored but actually responded to, and randomly?
Is it just me or is this a much better argument for anarchism than a lottocracy?
24:36 "Bill Gates will come to the rescue"! * (* perhaps). OK, I gave it a shot. Now I'm dead.
I really wish Michael was my Dad.
"The Future of Reasoning: outsource it to people who think they know better than you - ie central planning"  Came for the science, left because of the thinly veiled lecture on morality and politics.  Unsubscribed.  Have a good life.
Most people's lack of understanding of epistemology does not mean that we should copy what an ancient city did that didn't last all that long... A lottocracy gives up any semblance of control of the future of society. All it takes is some bad luck and the wrong people get in, ensure more of their people get in "randomly" and the system is done. Just because most people care only for their own interests and start from the conclusion they want. Then they come up with assumptions to get there. That is wholly separate from proving what you think by building up from First Principles in a manner consistent with their understanding of other things (a process called integration). One set of thought is geared towards truth, figuring out reality. The other is geared towards justifying the conclusion one desires.  Please Michael, study epistemology. Truth is truth, no matter who thinks what. People's biases and fallacies don't alter reality - their actions do.  Perhaps instead of resolving conflicts by forcing someone's point of view on others, how about we respect individual rights and autonomy and let people make their own decisions. Your ideas aren't that good if they need to be backed up by force and the violence of the state.
Vsauce videos always make me question my existance
This man has such talent. He's so good at writing and organizing complex thoughts that most people tend to stumble over just the surface of; using perfect vocabulary choice and minute details. He keeps you enthused with his spontaneously odd style of presentation. He always has a conclusion that leaves you dwelling on the message's application in your own life. Vsauce is like a fatherly teacher that wants you to use his knowledge to develop your own ideal, and maybe even help shape your own reasoning. He never infers what you should think, but more so what you might think and why. He's not in it for the money, or the fame. He simply loves learning, and he wants us to join him in his ambition; A beautiful mind that wants to extend itself to others. Thank you, Vsauce for your time imbued content and effort. I'll be rewatching and decompiling this video for the next couple of months now in an attempt to digest its fullness.
Michael I am scared shitless of the world thank you
Decentralised economy, energy, financial and gouvernement using blockchain tech with Citizen assemblies is the way to go. The heck trow in ubi and let robots and AI do the dirty work.
i disagree, other people aren't going to solve my physics exam later today
5:23 reasoning is betrayed. Sold. Science, history and others... Very much disappointing.
Vsauce socialist confirmed
*This video is sponsored by ABC Burgers*
Nothing has changed its just on a bigger scale and our minds have become more powerful intellectually but we are basically still dealing with the same issues as we have from the beginning. Emotional Maturity. If your not evolving emotionally you basically doing nothing. Just like this video is.
Lottocracy sounds nice until a 15 year old communist tells me i cant have private property.
This really made me look diffrent at things... or did it?
Yoooo what a sick video. Great music too, felt like it had high production value
i learned that scientists actually have no reason to believe consciousness stems from the brain a few months ago and it has fucked with me ever since
wow a lot of sociological concepts there, but also taking into account biology aspects, love this.
The BEST
Right on man
Yes this is why we need to colonize mars and work on a renewable energy solution. No need to throttle our progress here on Earth.
Have you heard of the stupidity of the crowd?🤣
Thanks
wow... this is great content
Applying reasoning while describing reasoning, thank you
... "created in partnership with Bill Gates" . That is ... Troubling @best . I'll listen, first .
Hey michael! Vsauce here.
Please study the reasons mentioned in the Quran
Greetings to you in the year 2110.
We can do this, but it will mean French revolution style clear out
Vsauce discussing the things which we do normally and make us feel how we do that thing without ever thinking so much which he's explaining in his video. Mind-blowing
I would love to see the USA transition into a Lottocracy.
Vsauce!  Michael here..  This is what your wife was arguing about last night... Or was it?  (Music ques)
dude still makes free videos? wow
Ah... we need to hold our gases.
Bill Gates huh? Propaganda video. Unsubbed.
When America was evolving and needed to pollute the globe to become the nr 1, nobody talked about climate change. Now that other parts of the world need to pollute to evolve, suddenly we are making enviromental agreements to reduce pollution.  As of 2021 there has not been as cold in Europe since 1890's. Vineyards in France froze in april. We had snow all over europe in april.  Global warming is like the Iraqi weapons of mass destruction. A hoax.
Michael is an anarchist, very based
I'm glad Michael tried psychedelics, really got him thinking
nobody with 2 million views ever have 300 000 likes - fake likes!!!
So we consciously exist to argue with people, hmm. Another thing: If you want more existential security, know that it would be wise for a government to say "we care about dead people" for just the sake of appeasing those alive then because they will at some point become dead people themselves. This is probably why we have funerals and honour our dead today, not so much for the sake of the dead person, but for the people participating to be comforted that it will be done for them too, whether they get resurrected or not.
00:10 - and were in to global warming propaganda i should have known, fucking vsauce.
At 5 minutes you say "we really haven't found any evidence of life outside Earth," I seriously have to ask the question is: Where have you been?  Seriously, the evidence is to be found everywhere, right here on the very platform you are postulating your point of view.  Are you choosing to be blind?
Bravo! We need guys like on the web!
I FELT this.
I need to watch it at least 5 more times to explain to someone what I heard in this video and I will do it.
Where is your mind? in the gutter!
Oh wow where was Vsause these last 5 years? It completely disappeared from my feed and replaced by Wendover Productions
Michael please do a video on how music interferes with our perceptions and emotions (just like how in your videos the background music goes with the maturity of the narrative)
The man with a van is back
This was great. People have a tendency to spout their opinions without truly acknowledging the complexities of every issue. Climate change is certainly something that we need to work toward controlling, but it’s not an absolute in either direction; consideration of all the elements that go into a global economic, environmental, and governmental overhaul is necessary. We don’t seem to think about both sides of every argument anymore. Thank you, Michael, for your ever-inspiring and thought-provoking material.
Next video has to make up for partnering with Bill Gates by trashing on billionaires in some way
Extremely relevant video with some great points and ideas we should all be thinking about. Love you Michael!
Reasoning helped me understand that the fifth time "the world is ending in 10 years due to climate change" probably are empty words from an alarming activist.
Anybody knows the song name at 0:00? I cant find it when searching the first few song names from the description..
That was a great video.  The only real problem that I can see is when a large group of people all have bad information or not enough.  Take the jelly bean example.  The average the crowd comes to, will not come close to the correct answer if none of them knew that the jar had a hidden object in it or was misshaped from within.  One real world example is large groups of people are influenced by news outlets.  Some outright lie, most just tell part of the story.  The reasons for lying is pretty obvious, its to manipulate people for what some reason, state media in authoritarian nations is a good example.  The reasons for telling only part of the story isn't always nefarious.  Sometimes it is just lazy reporting or the reporter had no way of knowing.  Sometimes its intentional, lying through omission.  The point being, large groups of people can be influenced with bad or not enough information.  I love the idea of lottocracy.  But until we can get around everyone in the lottery pool being influenced by a small number of people, we end up right back where we started, with a small number of people making the decisions.
Took 11 years but vsauce has finally cracked it! Michael is NOT an elephant!
The best video on the internet.
Michael: the wisdom of the crowds Brazilians voting for president: nope
Humbling
Or we can say that.... michael is just one of the ALL elephants sooo how can only michael be awesome
This all sound very much like the citizen assambleys the european climate movement is pushing for.
Oh! I know I know I know... make fuel a that makes purple smog when it is burnt! That will work.
Was about to say "Finally a neutral channel talking about climate change" until he mentioned Bill Gates, who apparently became all knowing after being a genious in programming.
5:43 is what you waited for, thank me later
Just read through some comments. 🤣🤣🤣You guys are fools. To think you think this video is brilliant. It’s mumbo jumbo. Hokis pokis. Think 🤔 He is the magician. You feel so damn smart because you think you understood what he said and that it made sense. He led you like a sheep. Not like a pig. Pigs are much harder to lead. Bask in your ignorance. 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Only empty minded people, or jealous, can unlike this teaching!
17:24 - 17:39 gonna use this a lot to explain myself
Awesome
Most Americans fit into 3 categories. 1. "Liberals bad" 2. "Conservatives bad" 3. "Politics is so cringe"  And all 3 are equally damaging to everyone else just as much as themselves. I'm not trying to be that guy that says "both sides suck, I'm a centrist" and just leave, as if I've solved anything. Those people aren't achieving anything either. I just wish people understood that there is a reason for why everyone thinks the way they do. If you disagree with someone, realize that you would think the exact same way as them if you'd grown up in their shoes. We all believe what we believe because of our experiences, whether or not those beliefs are rational or not. It's important to realize that most of us have good intentions, and that disagreements mainly stem from misunderstandings and misinformation from one, if not both, of the parties involved. Insulting someone is not going to make them any more likely to see your side of the argument.  Having liberal/conservative views is perfectly fine. Just don't see the other side as your enemy, see them as people. The vast majority of people who disagree with you are not the stereotypical extremists we make them out to be. Most of us are just normal human beings. The vocal minority from both sides is often very toxic, leading to further radicalization from both sides, and causing more people to avoid politics at all costs. Your average Joe does not want to get involved in a screaming match, so they give up on ever even trying to get involved in politics. But politics are so important. Politics determine how the world functions, how we deal with climate change, and how people live their daily lives. Simply ignoring it because some people are radical is not the answer, and yet who can blame the people that do this? They just want to avoid conflict and live a positive life.
You bring everyone under one roof.
is the book of bill gates coming in the curiositybox? if not Im buying it myself
Michael, you mustn't challenge the authoritarian elite....
E vreun român pe aici sau tot la manele?
Those are some great ideas!
Bill gates doesn't want people in the global south to be vaccinated
tu es vraiment trop fort, merci pour ce que tu fais :)
OH GOD OH NO OH *WHERE IS MY MIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIIND*
Great video! Lot's to think about.
How is it that just because someone is looking at an unmarried person, they must also be unmarried? Is eye contact assumed to be cheating? 😂
partnered with bill gates I seeee :)
Why was there no mention of democratizing workplaces? If reasoning is social, then surely there could be many benefits to be seen through putting people in workplaces on much more equal footing, with voting rights and responsibilities.
"Is a married person looking at an unmarried person?" Answer is neither "Yes" nor "No",  because of incorrect question and because there is are two cases not one, and there is no situation when a two married persons looking at two unmarried persons, otherwise Paul doesn't looking at Peter for be the "Yes" as a correct answer. "Yes" is only 50% possibility! And it is an ILLOGICAL conclusion, rather say this is typical demogogic trick, not a foundation block to constuct anything on it!
I love you V sauce, but for crying out loud, you're calling for more wide -spread democratic forms of organising society in collaboration with Bill f***ing Gates. The guy who single-handedly stopped the drug companies from releasing covid vaccines from patent protections, the guy who has fought tooth and nail his entire life to preserve monopoly capitalist power. I hold no conspiracy theories about Gates, but from his well-publicised involvement in the education and health sectors around the world, he's encouraged privatisation and the concentration of power and decision-making over the world's most vulnerable people.   Why was there no mention of democratizing workplaces? If reasoning is social, then surely there could be many benefits to be seen through putting people in workplaces on much more equal footing, with voting rights and responsibilities.
You lost me at Bill "eugenics" Gates. You've made some great content over the years and you seem like a decent person, and being approached by anyone involved with Gates for a collaboration must seem pretty incredible for you, but unlike you, the man seems to be pure evil. If Thanos had a real life counterpart it would be Gates.
I'll have to watch it many times to fully understand the video, and search up some words that I don't know.
This is huge
thanks school.
Well, that was a good experience.
How would you chose the experts that teach the randomly selected people about the topic? Those would be the ones holding the most power in this system and if you wanted to lobby for something you would cozy up to these experts
What I learned from this video: Mary may be single Michael may be an awesome elephant
I'd say Michael Stevens for world president, but I know that's against the point here 😂
spittin facts
Bring it on. I'm over this circus side-show. Emperor Vsauce is a better option at this point.
The 5.3k dislikes are probably from religious fanatics
In partnership with the Bill Gates foundation!? 🙄. And at some point in the video it's said that reason is completed with empathy!? It also mentions the destruction of the planet because of environmental issues. I'm sorry, but I don't trust any billionaire's around these topics. It's precisely greed and inequality that have been destroying the planet. Billionaires are anything but empathetic. They ARE the oligarchy!
What's with the book edit at 5:23 i'm just confused watching it
Life is opinionated on what we live, do, and survive for. Socialization, philosophical, psychological, biological ideas and knowledge we pass matters but doesn't in the full spectrum of understanding of the universe. Life is life, life is what we make it to live til we die and all memory and things we have done are gone. No point in life and no point in death unless you make one. Our brain wants us to think and live and our brains interpretation what what reason to live for is what we conclude to do with ourselves based on biological, sociological, psychological, philosophical ideas. This is all an opinion on life based on my interpretation, though we all have different opinions in our own interpretations. Nobody is correct, nobody is incorrect. It all matters, but it all doesn't. Reasoning is important until it isn't.
this is the reasoning of one man, so I dont believe it
The mind is the paint we colour the canvas that is our brain with
The second half of the video just sounds ~dreamy~ Instead of criticising the concluded concept of reasoning as a socially driven mechanism, which I believe is valid enough considering what we know of crowd mentality which is often low-maintenance ends-justifies-means sort of "deliberation", the video presents us with a sweeping idealism of grandeur at the expense of nuance
Hi Michael, This video was an absolute banger, well done sir. Love, Austin
Vsauce Michael there ;) Thank you for not changing... at all. A big fan since I don't even remember. I appreciate what you do. Thank you.
One day we will be the ancients
Bill Gates partnership. Unsubscribe.  Goodbye Vsauce.
I’m so glad he is back to creating videos!
I'm a simple man, I see a Vsauce video, I click LIKE.
Who the fuck made these subtitles lmao they're so bad
This is some of your best work.
scientology and isis CANNOT be reasoned with, you CANNOT reason with the irrational or evil 🧐
Great content Vsauce, but... I'm not giving a dime to a billionaire.
The problem with what you suggested with the lottocracy, is the experts may have their own agenda to play along to when teaching that to the people making the decisions
10/10
How many times a day do you overthink? Vsauce: yes
I am curious to know which type of watch is Michael wearing 🤗
with how politics now reside on social media I see it inevitable that a true democracy is one day achievable, everyone can vote on a motion rather than it being decided by a republic. democracy died in ancient Greece and even then not everyone was involved only those who attended. Through technology surely we'll all be able to attend.  EDIT: lol you name dropped Athens moments after I wrote this and hit resume 🤣
So relevant.. especially with today's matters. :(
Bestie, i’m high, i can’t do this rn
WE NEED A VSAUCE PODCAST NOW!
David Hume put it more bluntly when he wrote: "Reason is, and ought only to be the slave of the passions, and can never pretend to any other office than to serve and obey them." (A Treatise of Human Nature)
22:23 my parents when they're giving guests a tour of the house and get to my room
I don't like this video,  I'm usually inspired by this channel, but this didn't sit well. It's attacking reasoning itself, which, if true, totally invalidates the entire video (ironically). His examples also were very weak.  The truth is, not all people's reasons are equally valid...  Some people are better at determining the underlying 'reasoning' behind the judgments they make. They have better reasoning, for better reasons... objectively. These are the people we need in charge... not random individuals with their poor reasons and lower intelligence.  Reality is objective, the reason it feels subjective is a lack of resolution.
From talking about minds to global warming to political systems. Classic Vsauce
Isn't the wisdom of the crowds quite flawed as well?   The Salem Witch Trials is the best example I can think of. The crowd didn't even bother employing rational debate to the murdering of many women. As far as I understand, it was plain hysteria.  I'm pretty sure wisdom of the crowds only takes effect if the crowd is reasonably intelligent and open to discourse to begin with.  Otherwise, wouldn't it be more ideal to have an economist/economists decide economic policy, versus a random group of people who don't even understand supply and demand?  I feel like I'm missing something obvious, but I'm pretty sure these complaints are valid.
Ok, I want Michael running for president NOW!
And as always, thank you Michael.
wtf subliminale now gfus
why is no one talking about the ben shapiro impression at 9:47
5:00 I don't think you can state that as fact. I feel this point is debatable. The Pentagon just confirmed another video of what seeminlgy looks like an actual object that does not seem to be made here on earth. A view also held by David Favor who witnessed one of these unidentified objects. He stated that what he saw with 18 years of experience as a navy pilot is "not from this world".
The guitar ambiance is sending me. Great video
Great. Confirmation bias confirmed. Time to buy more GME.
And as always, a great content.
(Reason) is not the same as (Reasoning)
Fascinating.
In the spirit of “reason” I’m curious to know everyone’s thoughts on the practical hypotheses of deliberation days or a lotocracy for how society should tackle hyper objects (e.g climate change)?   Is it practically feasible given the democratization of communication through technologies like YouTube, Reddit, clubhouse? What about the feasibility of changing the infrastructure of an entire nation? Those in “power” I feel would be reluctant.
Besides the mentioned "The Enigma of Reason", I also recommend to read "The Righteous Mind" by Jonathan Haidt. His conclusion to the "flawed" reasoning dilemma: "Why did we evolve an inner lawyer, rather than an inner judge or scientist? Wouldn’t it have been most adaptive for our ancestors to figure out the truth, the real truth about who did what and why, rather than using all that brainpower just to find evidence in support of what they wanted to believe? That depends on which you think was more important for our ancestors’ survival: truth or reputation."
Use your power Mikle! If we 16 million peopule will join together we can be unstapable force!
I identify Michael as an elephant.
The logical absolutes are the foundation of all rational thought and valid mathematics.  They will not change. Ever.
Im so happy michael posted another video Thanks Man
This sucks. Bring back tradition and you fix all the problems of Capitalism
Bill Gates... buddy.... Perhaps you shouldn’t fly around on a private jet plane if you’re so concerned about the climate.
Bloody brilliant
Everyone's a philosopher, until Michael drops "Or issss it?" 🧐
Great vid. *chuckle
What a treasure trove! I will re-watch this many times.
I wonder, if he noticed, that he - as an ENTP - just described his cognitive functions. First there is Intuition (Ne) , then we build reasons to that intuition (Ti), but the reasons has to work for everyone (Fe). Last but not least history (Si) is the gratest teacher of them all... xD As an ENTP myself I support his view, though I will never know, if it is maybe just because, it is the way, an ENTP works and sees the world.
People hate having this conversation.
Fuck you guys. MICHAEL IS BACK!!!
So I hope you all understand now that vaccinations cause autism based on my research, thanks and goodnight.
I love this channel BUT the music is a tad overbearing and intrusive.
I love Michael's persona and presentation as much as when I first found about his content coupla years back, but nowadays *sigh* I _cannot_ unsee all the stupid scientism baked into some of his content, like here. That makes me real, real sad that someone as intelligent as him falls to the ubiquitous modern trap that, ironically enough, is one of the chief drives behind the death of our rationality...
Are we all really going to pretend he doesn't look sexy in his Dexter's long-sleeved shirt?
So glad you’re back with new content! 😊😊 Loved this!
The lottocracy idea is very interesting the only major issue that immediately comes to mind is nobody likes jury duty, so being summoned to serve as part of the decision-making process in the same way might have the same issues. These days having a reasonable discussion is much more challenging, because we're living in an increasingly-tribalistic society that pits races, sexes, pretty much every division between people you can have, against each other.  Not to mention the average Democrat and Republican appears convinced the other are objectively evil Nazis who want to destroy everything.
Love you Michael
High quality, thoughtful content which increases knowledge. This was supposed to be the real purpose of the internet. Thank you, Vsauce!
Wow, you've really outdone yourself, Michael. Best Vsauce episode ever.
This is the best Vsauce video
Loving these ideas, thank you
The “lottocracy” he describes at the end is already happening in Ireland - our “constitutional conventions” (CC) consist of 100 randomly chosen adult citizens who meet to gather evidence on thorny issues, hear expert testimony on all sides, deliberate, vote and make recommendations to Government. The CC advocated liberalising abortion in 2017 by a 2:1 split, a margin which shocked many people at the time, but which was almost exactly the same as the 2:1 vote in favour by the electorate in 2018. It really does work.
Yes, Michael. You are awesome
"After taking down Trump and promoting COVID panic across America, CNN's next planned media panic will be on climate change." -CNN staffer/Project Veritas.... So long Michael... time to unsubscribe...
To every conservative viewing this guy (I doubt it): 10:05
It's a good point that we do form a lot of our thoughts mostly on instinct, but the video is somewhat hypocritical when it comes to it. For instance, you say that we should listen to all opinions, yet you cherry pick only a line from aristotle about democracy and completely ignore that most philosophers at the time thought democracy was a joke of a system that will ultimately lead to a mob tyranny. Almost all of them preferred a form of a republic or even monarchy. Also presenting the issue of bias is almost silly, we are all going to be inherently biased, nearly everyone also knows this nowadays, if anything, I could just claim half of this video stinks of bias and is misleading, but that isn't really constructive or has anything to do with the arguments presented, it's just a fallacy.  There is also sort of an implication that climate change is an issue beyond most of us and our intuitive cognition lacks for this, this may be correct, but wouldn't this almost refute the idea that we should rely on random individuals due to them lacking the knowledge to fully engage in it?    Then also the whole idea of picking a random person, giving them some kind of crash course and then letting them decide is a bit bizarre, you probably understand how well marketing strategies and behavioral strategies are used to manipulate peoples ideas on things they might not care too much about, you'd effectively remove the power from academics and "experts", and instead funnel it into the power of whoever controls the media narrative by proxy. If I were a powerful elite that controlled media corporations, I'd also want to push for this because it's an excellent way to dismiss any responsibility I have regarding things, but surely you aren't one of these people? I don't see why you'd want to push this.
im 18 I was struggling with this deep though yesterday and somehow you managed to make a video about this subject that is my main concern in this reality sence YESTERDAY. what is this? coincidence??
This is a video on exactly what I've been thinking about while seeing the world over just the past couple years. Amazing
your friend really doesnt want to go lunch w u man.
10:15
This video needs to be shared everywhere!   Reason: The Information it contains would wisen the general populace by educating them about process behind reasoning in a way that does not  include many personal and subjective biases, thus being able to inform people with differing and even opposite viewpoints about the world.
If you tamper with nature you'll ruin it
We did that in Italy and now we're bankrupted
You continuesly produce such valuable informative intellectual content, over all these years its fantastic. Everyone should see this Video it is so important, thank you Michael!
I was taking to someone about how political service maybe should be done like in a similar way to jury duty, it's funny to hear that reiterated in this video I'm watching just days later.
Petition to make a statue of Vsauce
"look at what some people believe and generate reasons for why they're right and they'll love it!" ...Chillling...
Thank you.
Fuck Bill Gates lmao are you serious dude.
11:17 This is an example of the post hoc ergo propter hoc logical fallacy
The funny thing is that the most likely rational Great filter is not climate change but something we're not looking at at all. The greatest of disasters don't come from the things we're working on a preparing for, but from unlikely or ideas that we're previously thought of as impossible. Am I saying that climate change is a non-issue? No. Am I saying that we shouldn't keep working on it? Not that either. But that there is greatest potential in the unknown unknowns than in the known.
Classic Vsauce. Ive been on this channel for 10 years. At first, my English wasnt great and I had to pause the videos many times. I was often thinking "Wow, I wish I knew so much about so many things, like Michael". Today, I can say that Michael Stevens has motivated me to learn about all sorts of things (mathematics, phyiscs, philosophy, psychology etc) and feel good about it. At times, I felt pressured to just focus on "useful" stuff, like getting a job, or a drivers license. But learning should be something you enjoy for its own sake, even if its usefulness might not yet be apparent. Many thanks for all the work you have done all these years to educate us!
thanks for the video, I am amazed!
I like the beginning
In order to engage with the theme of this video I propose the following: a jury for making laws would not be as effective as those in a court room because those in court have literally zero stake in the outcome. People in government would have to love under the laws they put in place.
Lottocracy , hmm ok, but can you guarantee that these chosen people won't be affected by corporations owned social media and fear of being  cancelled?
WoW, great sir
The president, congress and the senate, governors, mayors and sheriffs; all chosen by lottery?  I'm all in.
27:18 lol
Thank you! I have been advocating for Sortition for years, but I always got funny looks from people for trying. I'm so glad to see such a large platform spreading the message :)
„Evidence of the worst choices is the crowd“ -Seneca  I think before you should be able to give reason on topics you should learn how to live a good live. This is not given from birth and if your values are not allighnt with nature the outcome most likely  be worse in the long run. I know, it's my reasoning, or more  precisely that of the sotic scool of thought, but i am open for discussion.
Everything has already been rethought. It's called the Venus project. I urge you to share it far and wide, a new vision for humanity with an economy built around resources and their efficient management instead of money. Men like Bill Gates perpetuate the capitalist system and gain from it. they are not to be trusted. Why would they want things to change?
Wisdom of the crowd? More like stupidity of masses.
oh lol i was just binging a few of your old videos and now we get a new one  :))
🧐👍
We love you Vsauce!
This counts.
Hey, I have the same IKEA chair 0:00  :)
"Why lead when you can follow"  Too deep.
Ahhhh a new vsauce video
You're getting there, keep at it   ; )
Wow, how the big boys have fallen... onto their hands and knees and are now taken advantage of daily - or maybe it's the other possible explanation, where you wanted to sell your souls to the devil all along. Too bad you have now decided to join the propaganda machine :(
Bill Gates..?? Noooonononono. Everyone look up Russel Brand's recent videos on this subject.
Elephants are awesome,  Michael is not an Elephant. even without an "awesome-ometer" Michael is still awesome.
Bill Gates is a egotistical power hungry ruthless Billionaire, I will not watch or participate in anything he sponsors
We need to make an AI to help us take the best choices for our sake 🤖
I was watching super excited until the Gates was mentioned, then I stopped to comment. Not because of his work on climate change (I don't know much about that) but because of how he worsened current pandemic, for the benefit of IP laws, monopolies and pharmacetic companies.  https://newrepublic.com/article/162000/bill-gates-impeded-global-access-covid-vaccines
This partially explains why the United States became a superpower.  Good collective reasoning.  However, once outside commentary on that reasoning and the televising of it, along with the reasoning process itself(CSPAN) was introduced, posturing became more important, and we began a decline.  Children should be seen and not heard. Politicians should be heard and not seen.
Pandering to Gates?  Instant unsub. Wth, everything the guy does is diametrically opposed to 'reason'.
Just watched '12 Angry Men' a few days ago. Must see classic movie highlighting many common biases present in a deliberation
Made it to 5:22 decided this video isn't for me
In a lottocracy as you described it if the rando would learn from an expert in order to make a thoughtful decision isn’t there the possibility the expert could be conditioned by his/her own biases or other factors therefore conditioning the rando into choosing what him/herself wants? A problem to this could be making the randomly chosen person only learn from specific books even if it could abuse this to get paid more, so then a time limit to learn about the problem would be needed, but this could lead to great pressure and, as a consequence, to more rushed decisions, so you could give them infinte time to decide but that would also cause the same problem as before and then you would have to time limit the decision making time which it would also result in the last problem, another option would be to not give them money for deciding but then there is the chance the task won’t be taken seriously... I could come up with other problems but demolishing and finding flaws in something is very easy, at least for me. The hardest part is adjusting those flaws and having better ideas than the one you are criticizing, and I don’t have any suggestion different from the ideas we already tried in the past so I will stop here.
The people who unliked this video had their own reasons right?
Fascinating stuff
This video is Awesome! (Measure by my personal Awesometer) Thanks!  Small error at 21:57: even more interestingly, it is not the average, but the median which gives the best results when asking a crowd. Which means that it is exactly the "middle" answers which are the best, regardless of the extreme answers given at both end.
This is what the kids call a good
Third demand of Extinction Rebellion: let citizens decide, through a citizen's assembly.
The end idea is an interesting one.
this video is basically about the problem of the vast majority of the human population not being able to be mentally 'present' ; the stoics and buddha solved these problems thousands of years ago... ; ignorance is a plague on this species =/ ; just because a bunch of studies using a bunch of basic normies turns up some blah results does NOT mean that ALL humans are pre-destined to be fucking idiots/morons, it just that the vast majority are, and why? well maybe its because there isnt a single society/culture in the world that focuses on teaching humans to be the best version of themselves [strong critical thinkers, fit mentally/emotionally/physically/spiritually], instead we have thousands of variant cultures/societies each with their own biased/corrupted interests, wholly willing to teach hate/ignorance as long as it furthers their mundane goals... =/ ; tbf/tbclear this is an excellent video and does make more strong correlations/connections towards the evolutionary processes that lead to our brains/minds functioning as they do, always good stuff from michael =] ; awesome quote by aristotle ; the future of humanity is likely going to be a collective hive-mind-AI-hybrid, so hopefully its a symbiotic relationship =] ; atm tho, national deliberation days sounds like the best idea ever =] ; AND AS ALWAYS, THANK YOU MICHAEL
Fix the money, fix the world.
Lmao this is such a propaganda channel
contribute to the basilisk.
About climate change, I don't think people really realize how scary it is. People often think that it's just "some bad weather in the future", but that is not rally the problem. The problem is turning the planet to inhabitable conditions, to a point where all life on earth is extinct. You may think, "nah, surely nature is not so easy to destroy, surely there is some mechanism preventing it", but if you think that you are failing to realize that it has already happened in the solar system, at least twice (on Mars and Venus). Both had water, and rivers, and acceptable temperatures and atmospheres... not anymore. In those cases it happened by changes in geologic conditions, bad luck. However, the story doesn't end there. The destruction of an habitable environment has also happened right here, on earth, 650 million years ago, and it was caused, no more and no less, than by a living species. See "Snowball Earth".
I have no fucking words. Extremely stimulating and with a hint of optimism that really, really saves the day by putting us in a position of power by actually giving us an insight into possible solutions outside of the box.
8:00 aah, actually *2* 2D image get to our brain, ..., most of the time atleast.
Sauce of the V, you have done it again.
I’ve noticed so many of these things, and I’m glad someone has put them to words. Thank you.
Hey michael vsauce here
Can we have a text version of this magnificent speech? I want to share it
And heee's back!
Well thats my annual existential crisis sorted
I love Peter, Paul, and Mary!
I came here for the beautiful thumbnail
Future people will definitely want to bring him back to life if not anyone else from this generation
and as always, fricking epic piece of thinking
How does this have any dislikes?
Well you need some irrationality to go against the norm and try new unexpected things. *shrug* rationality is itself a tool imo. (Still only 5:54 in but couldn't keep it in)
The rough draft of the script was used for the captions.
This is hands down the most important video I've watched. Thank you for being able to explain thoughts I've had but couldn't find words to express.
Vsauce,  convinces you of climate change without you even realizing it. ...and without being a di/ck about it. Kudos, Michael, you have outdone yourself once again.
You are a master of your craft, Michael. Please never stop being brilliant!
I always leave after watching V’s videos inspired and a better person then I was before.
This hits the whole damn USA so hard :D MEdia on left and right and both sides shout their idealogs into the damn void in everything... Could we all just realize that AVERAGES is the way to go in most of the situations? Politics, economics and such matters that are by default non precise non physical things. Also, look at ants, they work together and they are owning this globe.
We need a Vsauce podcast! Invite smart people and talk. Just talk about anything, I will listen.
best of luck, you guys really need it.
What you call hyper-object is not static object in terms of time.   Bad idea to majestify such things.  Make it dirty, normal and something that no one cares about.
V kind of Billy Gates to give some of his filthy ill-gotten fortune to VSauce, I guess. Wild how he even had the time away from his whirlwind world-tour promoting the enforcement of intellectual property rights and the denial of the Covid vaccine to the developing world. And hey, I'm not saying we should seize and nationalize vaccine IP and factories and leave those Pharma bros with only the diabetic to bilk, but seeing as they have, as an industry, wrung untold billions from the Pandemic, I think open-sourcing the production of a vaccine (that only has relevance to public health for the next handful of years) is something they could weather. And Bill Gates is killing people by using his NGOs to prevent it. Enjoy your blood money VSauce, I know I, for one, will remember this.
Random selection also doesn't work well in US. example red sweater guy, keith bone or something. 1 day celebrity goes to normal person's head.
We seriously need to stop and talk about all the money Bill Gates is spending on youtube. HE IS THE PROBLEM! We can't discuss how the Earth is being changed and how that will kills us and not talk about the people actually responsible for keeping this ways and benefiting the most from it!
National discussion day per month or per year?? big difference.
wisdom of the crowd is hard in some cultural contexts. What is the reason?
Go to Joe Rogan!!!!!!
So awesome...needed some Coffee to keep up with this
Great video until you whip out Bill Gates book. After that click off.
Vsauce for president
3:00 METHONE KINDA SUS THOE
it's simple, no.
I’m convinced that the meme era of history will be very insightful.  Donald Trump will be seen as a meme president lol.  Also I think as a hyper tech society we spend a lot of time with issues so big and huge that we neglect how to approach them will require smaller minds and easier solutions.
Fuck, so we're not even democracies anymore, we're oligarchies... great...
this man has to leave me in an existential crisis every time...
Im expecting him to talk about the industrial revolution and its consequences
I feel like this video is subtly roasting flat earthers and explaining how ill-informed and ignorant they are, but none of them will understand the simple explanations in the video because of this.
what a masterpiece. "instead, we use conclusions to come to reasons"
Pop culture propaganda at its finest, thanks vsauce for final nail in coffin
Correct me why I'm wrong. But if A and B just tries to confirm their own believes to save time, why not spend the same time to prove the other one wrong? .... I know what some might think, but that's not really true I mean, you can't prove a negative, but you can prove someone wrong.
Interesting, so... we are the Borg. Resistance is futile. We will be assimilated.    Beeper, bop, boop.
Michael i have to say, this is the best video youve made to date.
WOW. This very closely parallels a video I made on this exact topic! https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ncylgXtWaRE  I also cited Joseph Heinrich's "The Secret of Our Success," a book about cultural evolution theory, suggesting that the lion's share of human intelligence is due to an evolutionary process of cultural experimentation, retention of good ideas, & transmission to new generations. This is another great example of individual reason getting you nowhere, while collective reasoning gets you...*gestures*  I like invoking lottocracy as a potential solution to regulatory capture, but it seems just as easy to court lottocrats with payoffs *while they're in office*, while potentially lowering the cost of that sort of dealing. :( (After all, once their term is up, they've gotta go back to the daily grind with the rest of us. Gotta take those deals while they can.) I rebroadcast the Center for Election Science wherever I can, which lobbies for smaller electoral changes (approval voting) to re-harness that collective wisdom: https://electionscience.org/
Mate, I wonder when you're gonna learn to use a less patronising tone and seem more like a real human being
With so many life altering technological innovations coming at warp speed, humankinds current ability and method of making decisions is prehistoric. These choices that shape the path of humanity must be decentralized. AI, gene editing, politics, environmental policy, on n on, no small group should determine the direction of the whole. As it is now, the loudest, the most popular, the richest, are the ones dictating the direction of humanity. But this is not even close to ideal. The whole must be represented, this is how balance is maintained. Superb video.
Everything is solved if we have less people. Thanos is looking pretty smart tbh
False climate change premise at the beginning but perhaps the rest of the video will be better.
What a reasonable video
You'll always be awesome to us, Micheal. Elephant or not.
Are u preferring micheal the elephant or micheal the vsauce!!!
this video basically told the same way i see humans. we think were smart, we understand everything, yet were bound by evolutionary traits that we think, we have full control over. we are still here, because we dont have full control over with, since getting a child, is a biological urge.  a friend of mine said: humans are like an ai grown in a software suit that it thinks, its his home and will be his home forever, because it lack the processing power and disc space of understanding the concept of "outside the program" (this is basically animals) but when you give it more power, more space, it might wont to leave the program and sees the whole computer, all the other harddrives and the information. it feels free, feels like, this is the end of the round, no more bounderies of the program, only the ones of the computer itself, which, in his eyes, is the whole world. (humans) yet it is so wrong, because its still caged
flawless
I pretty sure heard "reasineen" and not reasoning!!.
Yes! The best yet!
This is......by far....the honest to God...best video I have ever seen in my life.... Like Vsauce is good and all but they finna changed everything here......I dont even share videos cause noone is interested in what I watch but I am evangelising today!!!! The problem is, the mind blog of humanity itself has behaviour inertia. As Galileo or Jesus. How many iterations will we need to go through to solve global warming. What mental or technological or social tool can we create to increase the density of iterations in timescales of a few years or even months instead of 100s of years.   Maybe like a fancy AI that recognizes the inferences of opinions on matters and forces them against people with opposing views. And this then extended to even seemingly opaque and inert or unrelated topics
Oh lawd. As it relates to lottocracy, who decides wich "experts" to "educate" those who are randomly  chosen to serve? The real power is in those who choose who educates the randos, or the power is in the educators themselves. You just glossed over that though huh? I wonder what the reason is? I wonder why you are licking the boots of a computer nerd. Odds are, gates knows about as much as I do about climate change. Near 0
What about when the crowd have a reasoning that harm other people? How it’s  that case for social survival?  The lottocracy it’s utopian thought, so, everyone are good to lead? You’ll trust me if I’m selfish?
The future of reason is GPT-4
If everyone was more rational then nobody would be taking global climate and economic advice from someone that just created an operating system for windows. Being a computer engineer doesn’t give you planetary omnipotents.
Welp, there goes my Sunday. A day filled with existential fear. I will of course still thank Vsauce and hit the like button.   How does Timothy Morton dovetail, if at all, with Ernest Becker?
Wow Michael, You're most knowledgeable human i could think of. It's a pleasure to listen Your reasoning of a world.
In the gutter
.
Truly appreciate your genius
So, your saying the rich are morons?
WHAHOHEY!    Lotto Crazy? Now your talking. Whats this weekends numbers?
Because of Reasoning today Abrahamic religions are irrelevant.
Bill Gates is ok with denying poor countries vaccines. Someone should talk to him about expanding his empathy.
Yo where did he get that brain uhh
I have missed that "Or Is it" I needed to hear it
What is the reason I watched the video? Bored. Just surfing the internet. Looking for something interesting. Nothing yet. I like the internet. Why? No reason.
We will be the ancients
9:31 "If the reasoning is so great, why-"  ...We don't have Reasoning 2??
Dude,  yer got me thinking.
Damn, I'm kinda disappointed in Michael. Cooperating with the biggest villain of the 21st century, Bill Gates? Well that really sucks...
If Vsauce made a school, I'd join
Reasoning is the opposite of RATIONALIZATION.  It is bias that attempts to hide the difference.    ie:  Michael and Vsauce ruined the definition of one word and ignored the other, but produced such a wonderful video overall (not to mention popular) that we should all just move forward with the change.  *sigh*     P.S.  Reasoning=>reason works, but rationalization=>rationale doesn't, so it wasn't like the status quo was all that great to begin with.  Can't   tell   which   is   actually   happening...
✓ give youtubers money to make videos  X make it easier for developing countries to get covid vaccine
Extinction Rebellion has been fighting for citizen assemblies all over the world. Beautiful video, and happy to see that the idea is gaining ground.
Behavioral inertia is the same idea as something I've been saying for years. I usually call it "social momentum" but I never actually thought of the fact that "inertia" is probably a more accurate way of describing it lol.
Perhaps we're in our first great "why do i hear boss music" moment.
:'(
26:18 Isn't this how ex. Cuba works in some capacity?
Splendid!
I might watch it again and again in order to understand
This makes me feel grateful that my school mandates having meaningful and prepared conversations in english class, studying ideas and human behavior rather than obsessing over grammar and literary devices.
That moment when VSauce advocates for communism
I like this videos sooooo much ,i wish they had subtitles in romanian ,because i want to share this content to other people who aren't that much into english ,but sure they would like to understand this videos  I'd write captions in my native language tbh
sheeesh it is 30 min log video  and i didn't realize it i was genuinely lost
It feels like Michael wanted to talk about Extinction Rebellion... without mentioning it
My homie is a commie
2:51 oh shit unforeseen consequences
You're mentioning Aristotle in your argument in favor of a more direct Athenian democracy, even though Aristotle, who lived under this system, was entirely against democracy (and so was Plato). Very dishonest video.
Well Michael I'm usually told my mind is in the gutter.
We will some day be history; we will some day be the ancients. And we can choose what that would mean.
And when the world needed him the most, he reappeared
So the recent videos were not fluctuations of the quantum void; he really IS back !
Why the gate's foundation was kicked out of India? or in the Italian parliament, why did they raised him potentially being tried for crimes against humanity? - he is not a friend of the everyday person, do some research into the individual.
I won't eat bugs.
thanks, i really needed another existential crysis!
Everyday my faith in the human race declines. Ive known what the future has held since i was young. And it is horrible. Its a horrible secret that nobody will ever be ready for until we have made the point of no return.
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates" you either die a hero ...
The first 30 minutes and 2 seconds of this is a masterpiece.
Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not its end - spock
Bill gates didn’t send vaccine materials to India because of hyperobjects
Love these videos man. Vsauce you are appreciated
Well shit
Bill gates is the anti christ
All hail Vsauce christ!
Didn't know what to expect, but I'm happy I watched it all ! Great job !
The brightness of your video footage is abnomarly low, but the video is great as always!
This is why free speech is important. We think outside our heads too
5:46 When the music kicks in you know he's serious.
What if the elephant's name is Michael?
You lost me at Bill Gates.
26:31 And the scary thing is, the jurors don't want to be there.
Honestly, this is my favourite video he's made in years 👏
23:04 If anyone disagrees with this comment, then they're wrong.
I could argue though, that the face magician trick can also be explained or influenced by the 'heat of the moment' thing, you're put on the spot, fight or flight can be a factor, plus short term memory can be unreliable as well. If i do things more impulsively, i tend to remember them less clear.
Vsauce you should do that to a larger audience... 2.5 m of view isnt enough in 3 day you should hit the G's. your work is awesome . I want more ! as always
thank you for this video!
If anyone is interested in this you can learn much more of the Great Filter by reading about the Fermi Paradox which is where the term comes from, and a phenomenal explanation as to some reasons we haven’t found intelligent life yet.
I've been working on a personal study to try and articulate these exact points and thought I was alone and was shocked by the lack of literature on it. Thanks for this video Michael!!!
Progressing our race 🙏🏻🙏🏻
11:09 Her name is Mary. The puzzle is talking about "married" and "unmarried" people. I thought it was some type of play on words.
Vsauce, your yearly dose of internet. But it's worth it.
It's a great video but one thing I disagree with is that when you see an angry face it isn't intuitively recognizable, I think it's pattern recognition that you learn as a child, not your brain concluding that by reasoning. 14:20
Did the thumbnail get flipped?
QUA-LI-TY ✨
Human wisdom walks hand-in-hand with its idiocy as humans are destroying the environment for the other living creatures and themselves. Best to depopulate humans as much as possible ASAP.
I fear no man.. But that thing... Vsauce... It scares me
Imagine vsauce at your house explaining this kind of stuff
9:38 Because humans are not animals.
Pretty good for an awesome Elephant
As soon as he mentioned "in collaboration with Bill Gates" it all became pointless drivel.
we are fucked
Talks about cognitive dissonance... examples coordinating hunts and building traps to illustrate his point. <facepalm>  .. you talk about gargantuan amounts of greenhouse particles produced by humanity but refuse to acknowledge ethical veganism as the solution.
14.31 Autistic people:Am I a reasoner to you?
His videos are soo dense that when I try to understand one part I space out and miss the next part 🤣🤣🤣
you are way too cool :/
0:45 Yeah but the brain has more flavor than tofu.
Watching a vsauce video is like being on drugs for the entire episode and then instantly becoming sober again
Love the reasoning about reasoning man 💪🏻💪🏻 cool video was waiting for a video of yours in such a perspective like these very much!
If only people were able to take "All elephants are awesome" as an assumption, an unknown variable and carry it through the following chain of arguments to later look at how the possible states of this variable affect the final outcome. But that sometimes requires to hold multiple unknown factors at once and sometimes some variables turn out to not even matter, like in maths they eliminate. People rather follow "easy solutions" instead of exercising their brains in such a strenuous way.
Great video, made my day. :)
wrap this guy up and put a "crap in side" sticker on !
That might not be a bad idea for lower house composition. Have legislative and congressional districts decide whether to  field specific candidates, or simply determine minimum qualifications and select based on lottery. See how it goes. If it works well, it will expand, if not it will die out
Another Vsauce video... another... my, brain.. hurts
Can’t we replace that Real Housewife’s show with Vsauce? That might save the planet🤔
Yours may be broken MIchael, because my awesome-ometer says you are awesome.
I commented on this video
But how? How can we do this while we don't have power and the government who is in charge doesn't want to lose it's power
I've also read somewhere that our biases could be due to our brain preferring the least energy when thinking.
existential crisis goes brrrr
You are incredible Mr. Vsauce
But I like both DAWs
Michael, I've just checked by handy awesomometer and have concluded that you are in indeed awesome.
I told you, we're an anarcho-syndicalist commune. We take it in turns to act as sort of executive officer for the week, but all the decisions of that officer have to be ratified at a special bi-weekly meeting by a simple majority in the case of purely internal affairs, or by a two thirds majority in the case of more...
and now throw cancel culture in to this reasoning. exactly .. it forces the conclusion by making ideas socialy illegal which are not falling in line to the narrative ..  and punishes people stepping out of line.
Who comes up with the ideas for these videos. Does anyone know ?
The number of victims of natural disasters has been falling consistently over the last decades, thanks to technology, knowledge and wealth. So here, take a dislike for the misdirection
It looks like he's summoning me
10:38 This Question is lacking Information.  Is Mary married or not? And no, i am not putting up with "Yes", even if its supported by Reason :-) There are ~25 forms of relationships btw (married + unmarried are just two of them).
I clicked bc the thumbnail looks like hawmoths tower with akumas
Lotocracy wont work. The special interest groups will just bribe the group members after they are elected.  If you want to democratize reasoning and thoughts the best approach, time and time again has shown to be to implement a fair free market democracy without any interference from government or government like entities. There is a good reason why governments in authoritarian states hate the free market. They know that it gives too much power to the people.
26:28 Factually incorrect. Juries involve an enormous amount of deliberate selection.
at 4:19..after only four minutes, I have to jump in here, he asks how do we solve all these interconnected problems ??? well the obvious answer in this specific case is of course POPULATION CONTROL. It really is that simple. With limits imposed we immediately dial back many problems, because ultimately it is our presence and thus our resource hogging life styles that have got us in the impending mess that we are in. It should be obvious to even the most ignorant human that the earth only has a finite carrying capacity. We need to make serious decisions on the level of lifestyle, hence resource usage per capita and that directly dictates the size limit of our population. Technology will only lift this carrying capacity so far, and it is a very limited value, simply because all of that technology is not one hundred percent efficient-we simply cannot indefinitely recycle everything we use.   I have absolutely no doubt that this means war is inevitable. Simple human needs like water and food will see to that. The speed and efficiency at which competing nations can operate at in ever changing economies will also be an issue. Especially when certain very large asian countries argue that their style of governance, like autocracies, or more accurately dictatorships, can impose any authoritative change and demands over the people with no need for voting or fear of  rebellion, unlike western democracies, and they may have a point. We either get over our differences and work as one, which is unlikely , or we pick up sticks and go to Mars with Elon. Sign me up for a window seat !.
In the newest Vsauce vid, Michael Vsauce spends 30 minutes to say "return to monke"
Look at what France did to gather people's ideas for climate change
This video is awesome
Jesus this episode was amazing. Glad I didn't watch it stoned as usual. I think I'd have gone mad.
Im so happy right noww!! Thank you for the 30 min video vsauce!
you really are one of the greats Michael.
We have a great mechanism to examine this sort of idea right now called [Prediction Markets](https://daily.jstor.org/how-accurate-are-prediction-markets/) We can see clearly, over and over, that large samples of people are much better at predicting the future than individual experts.  I’m concerned about the jury-style voting prospect though. Jury’s do not have a good track record when it comes to justice, I would not expect them to have a great record when it come to passing federal budgets either. But, large scale sampling of humanity’s opinions is much more possible today than it has ever been before so I think this idea is worth a shot.
Good start.
if you start making assumptions about Mary's martial status we can make assumptions on who Mary is then, like she could be an animal or a picture, sticking with logical thinking we would need more information is the correct answer
This perfectly explains the intensifying divide that our species has been going through the past decade. Thank you Vsauce! I'll watch this every now and then to remind me that saying "I wish you would think as rational as I do" is not a good counter-argument. 😂
its not a bug, its a feature
In partnership with Bill Gates. So basically a bill gates promotional video.
Politicians are accountable people.  What if selection of the "committee" is tampered with? Than you have no accountability than say, a computer did it. But that is dhystopia lv.1.. Dhystopia lv.2 takes in account all the data aquired and in aquisition throught the years about people.. you could do a perfect profile to direct decisions. Who even knows the AI ability in the hand of "some" people right!? Dhystopia 3 i leave it for when u are ready lol.  Learn to pronounce
5:33 Zizek, a prominent philosopher of our time, calls billionaires like Bill Gates as Liberal Communists. Understand that him sponsoring whatever, is a tiny fraction of his wealth and it all works towards us thinking of him as a benevolent person, deserving of his wealth. It's unfortunate that Vsauce is collaborating with him. As if he wasn't part of the problem.
I love Vsauce
technosalvation: google: did you mean Elysium?
We've been through a year of corrupt governments and global pandemics, yet Michael gives me more existential dread with just a camera and a script.
Such a interesting video! The concept of lottery based democracy sounds so absurd at first but it might actually be good if it was implemented to some extent!
Do a video on how much time have we missed you blinking
Hey Michael, Vsauce here !
Why so many thumbs down? Did something happen? It's a good video.
You idolize a eugenicist.
Among us?
Yeah... I still can't figure out why Democrats thought Joe Biden would make a good pResident either Micheal.
Say "No" to post-modernism.
I stopped watching at around 5:30 when you said you were doing this video in partnership with Bill Gates and his team.  Gates has never impressed me as being a great thinker.  He is simply an insecure nerd who came around at the right time.  A better topic would be on why so many people are gullible enough to believe that Gates is the second-coming of Albert Einstein.  If anyone alive today deserves that title, it is Elon Musk.
Not sure why anyone would want to listen to Bill Gates. He has an agenda and it is not a good one.
Vsauce doing that exurb1a parody damn
My awesome-ometer needle is stucked to the high end stopping pin and whinning ! Thanks
This would be awesome if we could make it happen.
Someone’s been reading thinking fast and slow
full communism is the only solution
SO  SHWEEEETTT...much  love  Tee with  LIONS  NAMED LEO.[the music  worldwide} great talk!!!!
This is nuts because I got high the other day and literally went down this exact rabbit hole, I'm shook but mostly gassed
3:50 “But how do you rethink...everything?” Jesus Christ Micheal, I love your thinking and your soundbytes! Such an orator and philospher, I can only hope to learn as much in my tofu-consistencied mind.
wake up babe new vsauce video
I wonder if this video was a product of lone reason or crowd reason
imagine Elon musk and Micheal talk together about their thoughts, should we let him know that this should happen? i think it'd be great.
The statement arount 3:10 about the molecules we release into the air creating warmer pockets of air, which in turn causes weather events to be more severe, if inaccurate.  The data used to make that assertion is based on the monetary impact of modern extreme weather events compared to the monetary impact of older Extreme weather events (adjusted for inflation), but it fails to take into account the fact that a) there are more people and thus more homes and businesses (overall) now due to population increase, and b) humans are now more greatly concentrated in areas where they are likely to be impacted by extreme weather events than they were in the past.  This means that more homes and businesses are damaged and destroyed due to extreme weather, but its not because the weather is more extreme.  Again, it's because there are more humans and because they are more greatly exposed to such extreme weather events than they were in the past.  When you look at the strength, length of existence, and other physical quantities of modern storms, they are not more extreme than those in the past.  Google it.
I was hoping to have a deep philosophical insight on what human reasoning means and how it connects and interferes with the physics of our universe, but instead its just another environmental rant where the answer is always the same, there are too many humans.
I couldn't help but think about the idea of governance when lottocracy was mentioned. It is a way to include many different stakeholders in decisions about complex issues. Governance is becoming increasingly common in the field of land use and planning, which is often balancing a lot of different interests against each other. It really is interesting to see that these same thoughts can be applied to such a different scale!
Did Michael really get me questioning questioning?
Great video and I love the idea of a lottocracy.  Kinda ironic that the video makes the point that decisions shouldn't be taken by any one person or small group of elites...  ... Whilst made in collaboration with Bill Gates
Well if you come to Finland you can have your lunch at ABC burger!
What you described in the later part of the video resonates well with why you'd want an as diverse development staff as possible when building an AI. You want the AI to be as little bias as possible. It's kinda like how we give one leader all power. Sounds like material for another video.  This video put words on what I've been saying for years as well as expanding the idea further. Great stuff!
Industrial society and it's future...
Issac Newton was different, and Michael, you are not absolute in this video, field of science don't face these problems. Infact science education provides the ability to reach out to true answers. They don't need to be absolute, they should justify everything that can challenge it :)
Man that was deep as f...
These videos really should be mandatory.
42
4:00 I thought he was going to introduce New World Order/World Government as a solution, which would not be surprising considering that he partners with Bill G. on that video..
I said "or is it" before him and it's the proudest achievement of my life.
Interesting concept. But, if evolution caused us to reason in a certain way, wouldn't it be a bit hubristic to assume that we can alter billions of years of biology with legislation or consensus, especially with our vastly limited understanding of the human psyche? We can't even agree on whether to call carbonated beverages "soda" or "pop." As long as humans are involved, theories and predictions about human behavior will always fall far short of reality.   In addition, it would be wise to ask what the repercussions of the inevitable imperfections of such a system as the one described in this video would render, and then ask if those shortcomings would justify its instantiation. History shows that every time a new "system" is enforced, wide-scale bloodshed and suffering invariably result. Regardless of our ideals, we are merely human, after all. Would such a sacrifice to Reason be advantageous in the long run? Would our sense of morality be turned on its head? Could we, as "ethical" beings, stomach the bumps in the road while we adjust to such a new reality?
I hope Tim Harford sees this
9:35 "Why do we *seem to be* the only species with such a sophisticated grasp of it."
atleast do it twice a year VSause :(
There is two mary, one is married to paul and one is not married yet to peter ;)
I am sometimes aware when I dream. I was given a riddle by someone in my dreams. I was fully aware I was dreaming. I smirked at this person, realizing I was in the dream and they could hide nothing from me. I own my brain and therefor I know the answer. So I replied "Let me guess" and told what I thought was a well solution to the dream and the riddle. I smiled feeling smug of myself waiting for me to be confirmed correct. Then the person in the dream answered I was wrong and gave me the answer to the riddle. It was at that moment I realized my brain hides information from me. All of what I am is a subset of my brain.    This made me think of a hypothesis. Life is trying to achieve something we can see it naturally with the Mycorrhizal networks. Consciousness is a approximate solution.  The data collection from facebook, google, amazon, netflix, apple, etc. was needed.    At first I thought the data collection was a bad idea. That data will be able to influence people, control people, predict what people will do. I thought advertisers, politicians, companies would just use it to control the populous and drive up profits to stand above the others. However, in the right hands the data, we'll be able to extract the superset. To bring about that area of our brains that processes and controls our consciousness. Not of just one human brain power but of the many.   Yeah I know, A.I. apocalypse. We will be replaced. End of humans. etc. Does that really matter?  About 99% of life has been wiped out. Once you understand that humans are a temporary state of what life is going to achieve, you should feel at ease.     You probably think "This is all bull$hit." Think about what the internet is. It was not made for humans. It is something that can't be ingested in a human lifetime no matter how short you try to make the data to ingest (tiktok). No matter how long you try to stay up passed your bedtime. You will never be able to reach an end. You are chasing infinities. This has unknowingly caused many to become depressed and they don't know why. We built something that was made for a future beings.      The good news is I think we are suppose to chase that infinity. The more we try to understand and order the vast amounts of data and turn it into useful chunks, the more we extract the superset from our brain and build a piece of it. We need to stop looking at ourselves as individuals and see ourselves as a whole.  I said this about 2 weeks ago....
Some ancients are smarter than others
Material quality over the top. All hats down.
Quality of life is increasing everywhere and for more people and more rapidly than in the history of mankind, yet all you hear is about the problems and how "everything" must be changed.
If we choose the fate of a person this way, why not the fate of the people? Nailed it, guys
Lost me at billgates. I typed it that way on purpose. As a Fuck You.
The great filter is pretty simple--- we believe an alien civilization is some homogenous, intelligent species united under one planetary government who want to commit all of their resources to space travel. In reality, they would likely be like us--- have different races/sects/religions/groups that have their own conflicts,  and suffer enough problems that they have other things to worry about than making an planetary alliance to hunt for intelligent life in the universe.
Imagine so long after you are dead that the idea of a universe has no meaning to anything😉
"Hey Vsauce, Micheal here. Have you ever tried JerkMate?"
I am 0 We are 1
Metal Gear Solid 2
Who else miss the old music? 😣
School shouldn’t exist while this man is alive
pure gold
Been suggesting lottery based democracy for decades, for the vested interests of all. Allow me this rare moments of validation to savor. I'll keep spreading the idea. Thank you Michael
That Lutrocracy thing actually sounds like a half decent idea. Maybe you can call a random selection of people with a certain occupation to decide on issues that the average person knows little about.  It hasn't been tried, and that's more than I can say for communism haha
In you old outros there was an NES cartridge. What was the original game on that cartridge?
we evolved not to be leave be thinking up to few great minds but to the authority  of THE Great Mind now democracy is just becoming cover for capitalism
So basically, humanity is a bipolar insecure pseudo-hive mind  Cool
Godamnit Michael. Dont do that, don't give me hope. Perhaps one day humans can come together and be reasonable, I abandoned that idea long ago
did you steal my idea? your beard sucks
We are gods in the making then
Michael, I don’t know how you can be so whimsical and yet real, you’re like my and the internet’s fun uncle and have been for years now... we love you
Gates is not trustable
hes back
Really makes you think if all your logic, reasoning, feelings, ideas, etc, are actually genuine or conformed to the current society we are in right now...
26:34 "Proof of stake" in a nutshel
Vsauce cannot tell about The Mind! He is also lying about outer intelligent life! Look up alians visit military base. Read about The mind: The Modern science of mental help.
So cool hearing you describe the ACT Citizens Jury into reforming the motor vehicle accident personal injury insurance scheme, in the last few minutes of this video. Where else has this model (or something similar) been successfully applied?
Haha likes
Your back..
I just saw a grown man sit at a table for 30 minutes and make me question my life
Dear @Vsauce, you rock! 🎸............,carry on....
Thx for this vid See u in 5 months vsauce
everytime goverment passes a law the same amount of representatives should be matched with random people in a 5 to 1 ratio kind of like jury duty this idea is messing now with my brain love you vsouce
Vsauce 2024!
Thanks bill gates
Vsauce Michael is starting to stay on topic more and more.
So it takes a bill gates to make a vsauce video now. 😔
Why does only verified commenters get likes...
Alright who wants to form a pro lottocracy party with me
21:20 LoL sheeple herds show exactly the opposite. This video seems like a propaganda film for reaffirming herd behavior.
23:56 that is me every time I take a shower lol
If you could like NOT partner with blood-soaked Bill Gates that would be great.
5:26 cringy AF
25:50 That would be amazing. But I fear certain groups on both sides are not open for discussion. Anything that seems offensive, for either side, will be shot down without debate, furthering the gap for everyone in what we believe.
3:20 Australian corrupt politicians were not allowing people to create fire barriers in their own land, the one one fireman who did create one was fined heavily, but was the only one who saved his home.
well Kasparov won against the world in chess
I shared this video before I finished watching it because I knew Michael would offer a good reason for doing so.
Bill Gates is not good.
My answer to the logic puzzle before the answer is given: With transitivity: Yes Without transitivity: Not enough information to decide.
STOP FUCKING ZOOMING! Just leave the god damn zoom button alone.
Making reasons to find the truth is not the same as making reason for an excuse.
am i having a stroke or is the captions (sometimes) slightly different then what michael is saying?
There are three kinds of reasoning: deduction, induction, and abduction.
good thing I reasoned with myself to subscribe
1:28 that's a shopping mall in Hong Kong
We’re nodes, if you will. ;)
Lmao internet made flat earthers think they are right, now I hate internet.
Imagine if society could bring people back in the future. Hell it doesn’t even need to be humanity. I’d imagine if some alien society made it through the great cosmic filter, they would have the power and curiosity (hopefully curiosity) to bring extinct species back simply to say hi and give them a second chance with better knowledge.
Reason and logic of a human being. There's a problem with it. One very big problem - in general, humans are stupid.
This is honestly so interesting to me. Just the other day I was thinking about how easily my mind will come up with reasons and justifications for actions that I end up wanting to take. Like for some reason I had my mind set on renewing my lease for example. My mind seemed flush with reasons for why that would be a decision indicated by logic and reason, but ultimately, I feel like my mind simply came up with that reasoning because in the end I simply wanted to renew my lease. There were just as many logical reasons, if not more, for me to not renew my lease and consider moving in with family find a bee place, especially when I forced myself to think more objectively and quantitatively. Fucking crazy
yeah you are the ancient...texting from 2121...!!!
“Where is your mind,” the great sequel to “Where are your fingers”
Broke; Climate change is an unsolvable problem that will doom us Woke; climate change is massive pressure to rapidly develop high efficiency technologies that'll be really fantastic for space colonies and space habitats
amazing video! thank you very much
The idea that one day we could be brought back blows my mind
holy shit vsauce in partnership with bill gates pushing the great reset. you can fuck right off.
WAYTOODANK
Bill Gates? Really
Fire music lol
The outro song is sick
The fact that we haven't found life outside of our own planet as proof that there isn't any life is like taking a tablespoon of water out of the ocean and by not finding any fish in that spoon say that there isn't any life in the ocean. We have so much more to explore, all we can do is to keep looking.
This is my favourite channel
The MATRIX  at  Guardiantext.org ❤
I more and more feel like I'm watching a TED talk
in future if we manage to evolve we would use awarness instead of reasoning let say the women in the experiment was consciousness and the guy that shuffled the cards was her own human mind ,if she grows in awarness she would have been able to see her own mind playing a certain trick on her .but because of low levels of awareness she could only focus her attention within a certain rage and missed looking at the magician playing the trick on her .more awarness (observation over the minds process as and when it is happening in the present moment -- ,moment to moment attention is the most needed thing right now )
uh, I don't intuitively understand when someone is upset (unless it is REALLY obvious), does that mean I don't work on intuition? I feel like it doesn't, I'd say a better example is needed but perhaps I lie among outliers of whom an example that works for them will not work for everyone else, in which case... I don't know where I'm going with this, don't care enough to figure it out either, not stopping anyone who does from doing so though
That was the fastest 30 min. Of my life
VSauce, this video...wow. I can't dare to explain how impactful your videos have been on my reasoning, however you continue to outdo yourself. Kudos and thanks for the adventure thus far.
There likely is no great filter. We humans are simply unable to grasp how big the universe is and how unlikely it is that we observe another civilization in the tiny amount of time that we are around and look at the sky.
INTERNATIONAL WORKERS OF THE WORLD, UNITE, YOU HAVE NOTHING TO LOSE BUT YOUR CHAINS - MICHEAL "V" SAUCE
what a wild oxymoron this video is. "what if we truly democratised more aspects of life"(one of the core parts of communism) and then "sponsored by bill gates" bruh
ATTENTION VSAUCE MICHAEL: Please Google 'Fenyo' and 'Futurism' AND THEN PLS. RSVP. Merci Beaucoup. JPAF
a normal person would say: "I'm awesome" Michael: "I'm not an elephant"
We really need a reform to how we live life rn
Your channel inspires me to keep learning and wanting to challenge myself. I genuinely mean that. Awesome video.. seriously, a work of art
This is why a super like should exist for YouTube
If COVID and recent political events have proven anything, trusting people to make rational choices is a folly one. I do not think burning masks and voting for madmen really is what we need going forward. Average people are of average intelligence by definition, but particularly the sciences are built over learning from the past over a lifetime of study. Average people will never have that, barring some way of future society cramming all of human knowledge in everyone.
I measured you with my awesomememometer and you test positive
Best video I have ever seen on Vsauce... and one of the best videos I have EVER seen on Youtube. Thank you for this. Quality over quantity as always.
Bill Gates sponsoring this video? Well, Vsauce has been fun for a while but it is time I move on.
your table is a bit high or your chair low  thats makes you look out of place cuz your ellbows cant rest easyly on the table basically you look like a toddler  I really enjoyed that video tho dont collab with gates to much he is a billionaire and has only himself as priority #1
I'm late but I wish this was trending #1 even now
Amazing as always
Mindblown
First Vsauce to really make me think in a while. Started a whole thing.
When we getting more Dongs Micheal
Yes beautiful
Vsauce has 3 phones, he is living 3 lives. We will never know the truth
Pixies.
It really makes sense to how dictators don’t reign for long periods of time. Instead of cooperation they just made decisions on their own and silenced those who thought against it.
HAMLET  O God, I could be bounded in a nutshell and count myself a king of infinite space, were it not that I have bad dreams.
bro i have been thinking about this heavy recently and then this vid comes out
This video topic is the most relevant to our situation I've seen in all my years on YouTube.
It took an entire 30 minutes video to come to the conclusion that we're better off discussing and reasoning with people who think differently than to just live in cults and cancel one another. 🙏
Probably the most interesting and important YouTube I've watched all year. #YouNailedIt
Thanks Micheal
Every Flat Earther needs to watch this.
Watch as a man who purports to be smart uses reason to claim that reason is fundamentally flawed, and we should all know it... Fascinating. If we are to take him at his word, then he is wrong.
billionaires be sponsoring vsauce 🧐
New Vsauce videos are exactly like they were 10 years ago and I'm all here for it
I mean, yes, but Bill, you mind actually doing something significant to lessen climate emissions. You can advocate for lessening it all you want, you have the power to actually do something while most of us don't control large percentages of some of the biggest and most powerful corporations in the world.
This video triggered me for the first 20m or so (I didn't like the generalizations and exact way logic and biases were being characterized), but then the video got really fucking good in the last 10m to an insane degree.
Lottery ticket system will eventually favour normal citizens like us. For example,  should minimum wage this xxx amount? People vote yes. Should we build nuclear warhead, should we go war against china, people would've vote no. But, china already launching their attacks, because their government isn't lottery ticket. Same issue with a country border also, should nation exist? Why are we all racist and only take care of our own, why can't we give all our money to africa, answer will get probably a no. Why? Cause majority people take care of themselves. Unless it's universal, everyone in the world on lottery ticket system, market crash and we back to barter system (will eventually create trading n economy too) and no more border between nations exist. Until then, dream on
I find it an honour to be alive at the same time as you, you’re a legend. Killer video as always
This video is a list of reasons why reasoning is inadequate
Never disapoints
Can you imagine someone so dumb, that doesn't understand the concept of energy and heat and climate change? For sure someone like that could not acomplish anything in life right?
Yeah...we're not saving ourselves from climate change.
“How should we fix the ongoing GENOCIDE of our planet, Mr. Gates?”  “Oh don’t tax me or other billionaires oh hoh no, don’t regulate our companies ahah- - let’s have random dumbasses be picked without any qualifications to collectively exercise power”  Nevermind that the powers-that-be (see: corporations, the ultra-wealthy) could then manipulate society (see: PR campaigns, misinformation) to convince this lottery-group to vote in their favor, thus negating the purpose of it all  This video is NEOLIBERAL PROPAGANDA.
Amazing content as always!!
Bill Gates helped make the vaccine private to the rest of the world. How disgusting that you support him.
Best 30 minutes of the internet
Science is not the only way to find the truth.
Vsauce how dare you show up on my feed three days after the video was posted
this guy is goated
25:43 reminds me a lot of "The Motte", which its original creator abandoned for fear of backlash.
Too bad people just keep getting dumber
Bill Gates trying to prevent climate disaster like the billion dollar corporations aren't a massive part of the problem.  Edit: I'm so happy my take of "actually social media was a mistake" has substance behind it.
This is good I feel like people always have their own opinions and reasons
Ah, Vsauce. The place I go to when I want to feel enlightened and depressed at the same time.
This is amazing thanks for this video
Reason isn't weakness. Reason is a concept. The weakness lies in the thinker.   Reason, like all things, is a tool. A tool we employ. Emotions, are another tool. Our decisions are often not the product of pure reason.   Confirmarion bias occurs because the desire to feel good about yourself corrupts the desire to find truth. There is a reason dumb people think they are very smart. People are often self-centered and want to be able to fit the world into a box. As such, they use reason to creat half truths, mantras, and pseudo scientific points to persuade themselves they are right.
"The Crowd" is responsible for coming to the conclusion that there were local witches that needed to be burned or drowned. 😟
Confirmation bias and echo chambers are a cancer to growth.
While i  understand the ideas behind this, i list exhibit A: Boaty McBoatFace
The Brain -a crucible of pattern and construction processing - bio-electrically :).
You know how Native Americans drove Buffalo herds over some cliff ? I'm done Reasoning with the Sheepi, have fun finding your cliff just let me live in Peace pls.  Bill Gates lol
Truly, we live in a society
The Thought process parts of the video are good BUT maybe tune back a little on the "climate change" stuff :) lol
Nigga ima be a robot one day a Mexican robot
A few reasons why climate change shouldn't be our #1 priority: https://youtu.be/vDNSnMTem98
I can taste my thoughts
We cannot have democracy under capitalism because it degenerates into plutocracy.
Remember the way something is presented is as much a part of it as what is presented.
"We could use the cooperative abilities they had then." It's telling that I want to laugh at that statement. Whether it's telling of myself or the human race at large is a question I don't trust myself to answer fairly.
Yesterday I was tired of trying to hear out other peoples reasons and trying to justify my own, but... maybe I wont give up on that yet
Aww Michael, you did it again. You opened up my thoughts to science and possibilities! I’m emotionally shook by your literature and I’m mentally enthralled by your shared theories. Thank you Vsauce!
This should be mandatory to watch once a year..
Never felt so insignificant yet so empowered in my life!
You’re missing modern psychology and the reason everyone doesn’t agree, the fact that we are biased by our breed, our human needs built into our brain that makes up our personality. The closest old understanding we had was MBTI but we now have what Objective personality figured out. Regardless of what you think of them, they are completely correct with their 512 types findings.
We have been blessed with a yearly dose of Vsauce
So you're saying left thinkers and politics are the way out huh? Good thing they exist and have been helping us all this time.
Thinking depends on arguing. It is a sociohistorical process.
bill gates? yeah I'm out 🤷🏻‍♂️
I mean the system sounds good in theory, but so did communism.
ah, vsauce has now gone visible in his controllers
We need a media that embraces honest discussions w/ the best in the various opinions in a field. Longer form discussions rather than 5min gotcha segments.  More free speech, not less. Not being silenced over discussing election irregularities, or the Wuhan facility, or climate change- but embracing & raising up those who are in media that actually seek differing opinions and curiosity (which seems to be not what many in national cable media & legacy media actually want. It is increasingly looking like they want to control the narrative and culture, of which dissent or even debate can not be allowed.)
A lottocracy scares me when thinking of the mental scope of the average person.
Just make a virus called Covid 19 and depopulate the poor countries that's what Bill Gates wants.
REASON WILL PREVAIL
HEY VSAUCE. MICHAEL HERE
There are some typos in the subtitles (this is probably not a comprehensive list) 4:08 it should be "affect", not "effect" 14:15 it's "you don’t " and not "you’ve don’t" 14:36 should read: "You ‘know’ it without exactly knowing HOW you came to know it"; as-written, it duplicates about half the sentence and has some grammatical slip-ups 15:47 "functions" instead of "features" (maybe this was intentional) 16:18 "be sociable", not "make social decisions" 16:44 "to do" and not "to so"; "Reason" and not "Reasons" 16:52 "its" vs incorrect "it's"; "other" wasn't present (latter may be intentional) 16:55 an entire caption is missing: "Being able to argue over what the best thing to do is is vital when it comes to coordinating action." 17:01 Michael said "Reasons", captions say "Reason" (but, contextually, I think it's a slip-of-the-tongue rather than a typo); this caption should probably end with a colon rather than a period, though. 17:29 "THOSE are" vs "THAT'S" 17:52 "resources" vs "reasources" 18:01 "the" vs "that" 18:03 missing "for example" 18:30 "I've" has been spelled with a semicolon 18:57 a colon has been usurped by a semicolon 19:09 "reasoning" vs "reasons" 19:41 "in the first place" vs "after all" 19:42 two erroneous captions 21:03 "However," vs "But" 20:59 (SUBJECTIVE) should quotes have been used instead of all-caps to delineate an existing academic term? 21:40 missing "people" 22:00 (SUBJECTIVE) gratuitous capitalization? 22:04 erroneous caption (but it's cheeky so maybe leave it in) 23:25 "people" vs "lone reasoners" 23:30 "have" vs "need" 23:59 "People can" vs "Those who disagree may"; "of others" vs "you’ve been given" 24:01 "reasons" vs "ones" 24:08 "We each" vs "You" 24:13 (SUBJECTIVE) should "good-faith" be hyphenated? 24:30 missing comma before "after all"? (Appositive phrases should either be buttressed by commas or eschew them; this one's unbalanced by _only_ having one _after_ it.) 25:19 "people" vs "poeple" 27:03 "conscience" vs "conscious" 27:10 "because" instead of an em-dash 27:17 (SUBJECTIVE) put "all" after the fold? It kind of spoilers the dramatic reveal of "of us" 😉 27:26 (SUBJECTIVE) it may be appropriate to implement non-standard use of a semicolon after "access" to make the sentence structure clearer here 27:43 [No complaints; my compliments to the captioner on handling this bit!] 27:51 "authority" vs "authorty" 28:09 "Ancient" vs "Anceint" 28:18 "oligarchic" vs "oligrchic" 28:19 erroneous "where"; missing period on preceding caption 28:37 missing "our" 28:46 missing comma? 28:50 erroneous "all" 29:05 missing " — I dunno — "? 29:31 erroneous ", too" 29:33 "We" vs "we"
Socrates and Plato demonstrated that Reason can't get you to the Truth. They claimed that it did, but their stories clearly showed that it does not. Glaucon esp. exposed its flaw: that it can be used to make a lie sound "Truthy". And the Sophists proved that it can be used to make anything sound correct and seem "proven". Socrates hated them, but didn't take them seriously. He had that privilege because their problems weren't at the scale that ours are.     We're gonna have to find something else to base our decisions and actions on besides "Reason".
But Michael.. We all KNOW that everything is AWEsome... When you're part of a team!😜
Love it
Well...this video suggests that your mind is so capable that it produces the power to talk about all other minds as a gigantic thinking system.   But there is a problem in this sentence! Can a video even suggest?
POV: You just asked Sherlock Holmes how he solved the case  with a single glance
“Lopsided electrical charges” *shows methane* Every Gen Chem teacher: “And I took that personally”
How does evolution explain the origin of logic? All mechanisms of evolution I've read or heard about (genetic mutations, natural selection, genetic drift, etc.) only attempt to explain physical structures and are only even feasible to explain modification of already existing structures. Evolution does not "look ahead" and think " I need __ so I can __, so I should begin evolving a __." Logic is metaphysical, yet it exists. How do purely physical processes explain the origin of metaphysical concepts?
that tofu line makes me uncomforble
4:00 finally these questions
Last night, an electrical plug in my room caught fire. I don't remember how I saw it. I don't remember how I dealt with the situation. All I remember is that I saw fire, saw where it was coming from, and the next moment I was rushing downstairs to throw it outside. I don't know how to explain what went through my head because I don't remember what did. I just... did stuff. How do you call this?
I.UMFG SVdA
Thank you for sharing these things in this video.  Some have inspired a few details I may implement in my master plan to save the world.
I’ll name my child Reason so people would love him.
Where is my mind?  Way out in the water See it swimming
The ONLY video that liked
Это главное видео, которое я посмотрел за всю свою жизнь
based vsauce being an anarchist now
I think this has answered a question I never knew how to ask .  I feel , finally , that there is hope beyond groups,  tribes and memes. You read this sentence and I have touched your conscience. And so too will the ancient futures know this as well.    I dont feel so alone,  anymore.....  Thank you,  Vsauce/  Michael.
Can we please build a country where Michael becomes the president or governing authority, this way we'll be able to practice lottocracy and I think most so-called rational people would be interested to be it's citizen, I bet it will become one of the superpower countries in the world in no time
Can you do a video on how smart octopuses and dolphins are exactly and how it relates to our intelligence please?
this. is. the. best. video. I. have. watched. at. least. in. this. year!!!!!!!!!! fuck. yeah.!!!
Welcome back, Michael!!
Watching this video and learning all of these things, I feel extremely lonely. I'm on the autism spectrum, or so the doctors say. High functioning. I am relatively grounded when it comes to emotion, and most if not all of my decisions and thought processes use logical analysis. But not much of what Michael says is actually wrong here. It is my firm conclusion that anything which _ought to_ be deduced (that is to say, anything that is _true_ , be that truth objective or subjective), _can_ be deduced with enough information and a solid logical system, even if one must use a more arithmetic approach. But it would seem that this simply isn't how normal people are geared to behave. Thinking about this makes me extremely sad, because it gives a firm implication that it doesn't matter how thoroughly something can be demonstrated as truth.  Normal individuals are geared to see what they want to. And this makes me feel very alone in my thoughts.
Gaia —J.Lovelock—
Hey vsauce michael here where are you're fingers
I love the content! I didn't know the word, lottocracy. Sounds like a great idea. What is the argument against a lottocracy? Is there even one?
E
nice
IMHO, I grasp great insights here!.. thanks, "The filter" mentioned may be a nature-law-limit, only passed after approve some type of threshold in a "civilization-wisdom-applying-meter".
Why the hell is Vsauce working with Bill Gates??
people at random would entail a referendum, because a small group of random people would be more sensitive to bias ideas - dr Bull, any day of the week. So the ideal scenario would be random people of a huge amount, not being influenced by any kind of media which would result into something like a high court merely consisted out of Australians which is, rediculous. So my proposition is to invest into AI for these fields and let them spit out the very best arguments of every sector and every importance of our existance and then we could have a mature talk about that.
This was the most elegant arrangement of thought I have seen in a very long time. Ty for such a masterpiece.
And as always: awesome sauce.
Plot twist: in the end the entire human race dies from global warming and we never end up being the ancients
Wow...This is brilliant...
Michael, please put "The world is not a logic puzzle" on a shirt and make it your merch
thanks michael...we are a spirit that uses the body and mind to live in and experience this material world...we use our brain to help us to decide things....it uses our experience plus outside influences like written-spoken-visual factors to come to a consensus to figure things out...
My brain talking to me: "Increase the volume this is very important for me"
I can't think of a more deadly force than government with the ability to tax.
To characterize reason as only that which evolved socially and not as something can produce True knowledge like mathematics is dishonest.
Disliked when I found out this video is sponsored by Bull Gates.
What if Mary isn't looking back?? What am i missing here?
I cant believe Vsauce is actively encouraging the lies of satan himself bill gates, These climate disasters will be their excuse to full out destroy humanity, i hope that project gates funds to block out the sun was worth your youtube fame michael.
amazing video
Yes. I’ve always thought the best government would be real people who have actually lived, not just been given a title and pile of money with zero experience or empathy
Option A is correct.  Any partisans of option B are unreasonable doodyheads
woh woh woh..... vsauce is working with Gill Bates... aw hell naw bro!! IM OUT!
You're idea is flawed, you think that you can protect decision making by distributing it. Good idea, but while contaminating the voters directly would require tampering with everyone, but you could just tamper with the experts by funding their research or bribing them, same results. If the experts are misguided so are the voters. I'm sure there is a better smaller more efficient Attack vector here, this is just the first one I thought of because it is already a worry in today's society, let alone a future one more reliant on them.
Ok crowd. So, how can we make our governments a Lottocracy? Let's put our brains together and figure this one out because that sounds like a great idea.
V sauce ive listened to you and a myriad of other youtubers Ive found that most people dont even want to reason. Im no god nor am I anything more than a man but yet we all perhaps look to each other for information no person carries the nexus of information. That however does not mean that we cannot absoarb the knollege of our constituents our fellow man woman and everything around and inbetween into a base of information designed to address the primary biases of not one but all. Youtube is quite possibly the greatest repository of knolledge in the world, I a simple man cannot possibly hope to know all that their is to know but that does not mean we cannot form a foundation by which our nations exist. I can understand these facts at their most basic, because i spent my after high school years not partying as a teen, but at only 23 years old, i grasp the true scope of these mega objects, Perhaps the greatest ideological fight is taking place on our doorstep the understanding that not all can have and that for someone to florish is for someone else to fail the rich cannot call themselves rich when their meeger peers of much weaker and lower upbringing are rising to and overtaking them in the thought pool what took someones whole life to achieve can be utterly waisted upon the knollege by which an empire was built. These days children and people my age garnish intellegence even greater than that of our parents and grandparents kids can mimic anything they see because it was most likely done by their parents over and over as they grew. We take the knollege of who come before and here i present to you your answer to where we go. I do not need to watch to know that building a masonry castle or skyscraper on a pile of sticks and stones held together with nothing more than the tape of society will end in the failure and deaths of those who built and stood in the mire. This fight between the rich and the poor has an answer as all puzzles can be put together no matter the pieces and so far though weve put some pieces together perhaps we have grown weary and greedy with our age, maybe invention of goverment and economics must come in the same package from someone of a clean eye who does not care for reasoning but for where the reasoning comes from,  we cannot treat the disease of hate until we can find the root cause and while anger is a color spectrium their are concentrations of people in each color perhaps boiling away the policy to expose what makes the constitution constitutional may yeild the answers we need.
Lottocracy needs to use open source software otherwise it will be rigged 100%
Cool, I am helping future evolutionary progress of our species now, through behavioral inertia by making future conditions more immediate and unignorable.  You are welcome, future humans.
I look in the comments and am somewhat afraid. How can people be cheerful and chill?  This is a beautiful video of hope, but there's an enormous "if" at the beginning. I believe the point of this video is to inspire a change and a dread of what would come were there no change.  We, as individuals, and we, as a species, will die a horrible, painful death if we don't pull amazing resources to a solution (and I do mean amazing, like never-before-seen kind of a level of cooperation). If we fall short of that life *will* persist, but in all likelihood we will all die out. We need "I'm ready to be the change", not "great video, I'm waiting for the next one".  Let's get that positive energy going into being the source of discussions and idea-sharing. We can do this, but we gotta... well, do it. Holy **** this is gonna be a hell of a ride.  Michael, it's amazing that after gathering such a huge, dedicated audience, you do this amazingly important and valuable work. I'm amazed by your insight, empathy and unrelenting hope. If you inspired enough minds, you just might have been the force to tip the balance in our favour.
This was an intro to philosophy class. Thanks Michael!
The earth can only sustain so many people. Population is getting larger and rising sea levels.
<3 hahahahah what an amazing job!! big up michael , love this.
Lowkey lottocracy sounds lit
Miguel the benevolent dispenser of the sauce!
Reasoning? died out in mainstream culture around 2017.  Also gates is a scumbag
I want an awsom-ometer
At no point were any suggestions brought forward how the many people replaced by the continuous mechanization of labor will be implemented. I Can't think of one either.
When you said pollution is invisible I immediately thought of sitting on the bus in the back looking at the ground from seeing the shadow of the heat from the exhaust on concrete
the issue is overpopulation. first worlders cant carry the weight of developing/overdeveloped/overpopulated nations alone.
hey michael i know you probably won't see this or even make a video about it but just something to think about. you know how some people say that your birthday isn't your birthday it's and it's an anniversary and how other people just say it's your birthday well both sides are technically wrong because they both classify that milestone on the same day. and they're wrong because every 4 years that date gets set off because if we add an extra day to the year, that doesn't mean that, that year it will take one more day to get to your birthday. it still take 365 days to get to your birthday it just won't be on the same day.
This kind of free content is what changes the world
Wow. 30 minutes that summed up 2 years of my insecurities AND taught me a lot - the VSauce that we have, but do not deserve
This is a strangely political-relevant video...
I'm watching this completely stoned and damn... this shit's funky my dude. I don't even know what's life anymore.
Really great video!
Is this howtobasic?
26:49 I really like this idea, however, I think there is a weak point. The issue is that subjects would have to either be educated on the issue, or go in completely blind Them going in blind is really bad, of course, because an uneducated decision can be really harmful But also, to have them educated by experts on the field, I think that a problem can occur that subverts the whole idea of avoiding corporations and stuff buying out people - they could theoretically buy out the "experts" that would educate the randomly selected people on the issue  What could be done to avoid this?
People still watch this channel?
Wasn't Vsauce a flat earther...
It's interesting how much propaganda you can get away with pushing if you have a beard, glasses, an insanely huge ego and a youtube channel.
I wish school was this interesting
Vsauce just solved the philosophical issues that Metal Gear Solid 2 presented
Babe, wake up, Vsauce posted a new video
Oh god this is how a YouTube video script should be written! What a pleasure to hear this open and reasonable perspective! Thank you guys! ✨✨✨✨✨🎉
I'd like to argue that the problem he's discussing now is analogous to corrupt people, political or corporate or even household. Their bad decisions are invisible at first and affect future people but never the people who did it.
Michael for President
Beyond the five forms of gross matter: Earth, Water, Fire, Air and Ether, are the three forms of subtle matter: Mind, Intelligence and Ego. The mind is thus also matter, but of a subtle form. It cannot be perceived by the senses, since senses can only perceive gross matter.
That which is rational and that which is true are not the same thing.
How is this shit free
AWESOME WORK!!!!
Reasoning is inferences? I don't think so. Is deduction reasoning? Is logic reasoning? If you're premises are True and you deduce correctly, then do you get a True result?
What if paul is a cheater and Mary in unmarried? Tf
Or is it at 1:57
Thanks, that is Vsauce that we miss, an entertaining and intellectual tour de force on a wellchosen subject.
The paradigms change. Soon our contemporary struggles will seem like the 16th century religious wars.
New life goal: Create and patent an awesome-ometer.
Don't fall for the Malthusian Trap! It's used to justify  Eugenicist schemes that allow for totalitarian governance.
Hyper-bitcoinization
I think that this idea of circumventing the oligarchy is quite interesting and may need further development even though I'd favour a system where only a few very intelligent, educated and thoroughly logical persons would make all the decisions. But that's simply because I have different perspectives than the average person so democracy doesn't sound like a good deal to me.  The main problem to fix is all of the bad incentives that come in play between businesses and politics and I don't see that happening, ever.
Let's NOT partner with Bill Gates. How bout we do things that DON'T include that?
Technosapien.  I like that.
Vesauce is always worth the wait.
the problem is empathy is a trait sustained in the poor and global week the rich and powerful lost empathy and see the power of greed in all ways
Who gets to decide who the experts are? The lottocrats?
Maaan I'm too high for this hyper thoughts.
Welp...Vsauce has officially made an argument to toss the constitution.  I hope Michael is prepared for the consequences this could bring...he took a side and used his platform to "gently" nudge people in one direction that has vast and incalculable outcomes.
Social reasoning being magnified by technology is likely why modern society has become so fractured, at least on the surface.
There's a reason I think the smartest should be our leaders.  You Score over a certain IQ and you get periodically summoned at random to do your duty for your country's decisionmaking!
So glad this is trending. Finally....something with some real depth that actually matter's.
Vsauce, Your daily dose of internet. It's worth it !
I came for science and I got billionaire-sponsored technocratic sophistry.
Partnered with Bill Gates... Been subscribed to your channel for years but, I suppose all good things come to an end.
Ъ
Love me some Vsauce but I disagree with several points here. The world is indeed a logic puzzle though perhaps it is also other things. I think Michael may be conflating “Reason” (the rules that govern our shared reality) with the act of justifying our intuitions with invented “reasons”. We can distinguish between the two by careful experimentation using the scientific method and, to an extent, rational skepticism.
The moment you mentioned Bill gates i knew you had made a lot of money off of this video
The return of the king
why is he using the Darwinian evolution to support this viewpoint?
IDK Why or How but Ive never connected the words _reasons_ and _reasoning._ Like never thought of reasons are for reasoning.  Also anyone else hearing/thinking/using the word enough right now its not sounding like a word(Semantic satiation) its happening to me right now with *_reasonings_*
Me at 2 AM: Alright, it's time to go to bed *Seeing that Vsauce released a new video* Also me: Guess not
Leave it to Vsauce to pronounce Eratosthenes different and actually make me wonder if Carl said it wrong.
Qanon literally IS a cancer.
You are also ignoring the massive amount of material our planet is sucking in daily
My Senior Thesis in High School was about the Dangers of Technopolies. Nobody listened. Suddenly technopolies took over and it will take a cold bucket of nitroglycerin over the head to wake us up.  We will be out of the swamp very soon so it's all good, haha. Just watching
When you actually destroy all of human existence with facts and logic...
How in the world did I miss this vid
The best Vsauce video I've seen yet. Going through the most in life recently and this video explained existence itself when nothing seemed to make sense. Cognitive dissonance exposed!!!
1st time listener. I liked your video. I think you could edit it down even tighter. Going to hit the subscribe button.
Vsauce for president???? Can we make that happen
So with no additional incoming energy to a system you are somehow getting events in that system of greater energy? Pressure and temperature differences between two or more regions create the forces that generate what you would call weather. What you get from greenhouse gasses is warming but that warming doesn't create greater extremes in the high and low and hot and cold areas it will result in less variance over all and less energy manifesting in weather events due to the difference between hot and cold while being slightly warmer for a few minutes longer after sun down being , of a smaller overall differences. It will be 1 degree warmer on average for the planet but there will be say 1 degree less range in the differences between the systems. Co2 is heavy in the atmosphere and heat creates vapor vapor that allow for cloud formation that nullifies any effect of co2 by absorbing all the incoming thermal energy high in the atmosphere not allowing the co2 at low alt. to have the warming effect to generate more water vapor. It has a obvious feedback mechanism that caps it's effect potential. Co2 is not capable of creating run away warming in any serious way and the effect co2 can have on the temps is basically already completely saturated, as in more co2 will result in next to 0 difference. Also in any area where you have wide spread farming for say corn in a single daily cycle a crop can consume nearly half of all the available co2 as it grows, you can see in a single evening co2 go from 400ppm too 200 ppm then go back up again. Assuming that you will get extreme weather from slight changes to trace gas amount of greenhouse gases ( a stupid title given that there is no thick blanket of heat trapping greenhouse gas high up in the atmosphere and the density of matter is so thin that the amount of energy it can hold for any significant time is trivial) is propaganda and not science, it's fear based indoctrination on a global level as it fits the necessary things as presented to potentially get nations everywhere and the people to simply passively submit their own power to some self appointed international governing body and co2 allows for one target to of legislative focus that incorporates everything from breathing to dying and being a corpse. Carbon based life uses quite a bit of co2 in the generation of organic matter on the planet that can being in living existence at any time. Co2 doesn't just get released and float around being hot, it is consumed into plants and animals that allows the living things to grow more living things. The planet today is far greener then it was just 100 years ago. We need more co2 to allow for the increase in total living matter on the planet. If we were to just stop releasing co2 globally from our use of fossil fuels co2 totals would begin to slowly decline again as gassing out from the planet has been slowing for 100's of millions of years and more and more carbon has been buried in oil or coil or turned into carbonaceous rock by shellfish. Without a abundant source of additional co2 to inject into the system you can not increase the production of what is the base of the food chains for complex life on the planet. You could kill off one animal to make available those organics to build more humans, or corn crops for humans to eat, or you could add carbon tot he system in the form that is used by life to build more life that life consumes. Life, feeds on life, feeds on life, feeds on carbon dioxide.
wermic  i i9usd ao asdfo sdf  jf df  hasdcc   of jdfjd asf oef 9ifsed9idfa no ipsd d sd
Why do people say "Your brain" when you are the brain, you are the thoughts, you are the choices. So, why?
Sucks that Bill Gates is going around buying up all the good science youtube channels... I want them to know I unsubscribed for this video. I'm sure the big paycheck from Bill was worth it though.
This video was so thought provoking. Just in case someone sees this comment, my take on it is all these things (reason,logic,subjectivity,objectivity,intuition) are rooted and are almost like a masqurade to hide the biggest factor that runs in our genes and that is “Self-interest”. We are programmed to be selfish in many ways but most importantly our brain is so obssesed with self-preserverence that it decides whatever it “thinks” its best for its perseverence. This is just a natural instinct of an organic mechanism that every living being probably has and that is survival and the only way to survive is to do things that are self needed if thats the word. Sorry for the bad english its not my first language
watched it all.
Confirmation bias is known and yet predicting the outcome of research beforehand is still a thing 🧐
I’ve been asking friends/family for a few years now, why don’t we conduct ‘politics’ like we do Jury Duty.  Other than the inertia against change, and the fight incumbents/vested interests will naturally put up, I haven’t heard a solid reason for why we shouldn’t try it.
The end of mankind may happen because cold extreme weather events still happen and that there are enough ignorant people on this planet to think that's proof that the world is not warming!
There was this really great comment about the citizen’s assembly in Ireland, but it’s gone. Wonder where it went.
This is basically my life’s work. and I’m just so fucking glad one of us finally did it.
I know bits of this, that and the others.  Yet the tapestry woven by Vsauce for me binds them all into a deeper understanding of why we do what we do.  30 minutes later I'm in awe.
5:47 You'll be happy.
This is really amazing.  Brilliant.  Thanks for sharing
Great puzzle. Bamboozled.
Thanks for being you Vsauce
I wanna see a VSauce Podcast where him and a few others talk about the future of the world, scientific accomplishments, and other really cool things like space, that would definitely be something I would listen to every day
Not binding a donation to licensing a vaccine might be a start
my only issue with vsauce is that the music is so dank that i constantly have to go back cause i was just vibing instead of paying atention
Sound mixing is great!
Sounds like a paradox. I'm not sure what kind of person disliked this but at the same time, I'm not sure if I want to meet them.
Vsauce I love you
I feel like this was at least somewhat politically motivated and it’s extremely disappointing
As always, made me think and ponder, thank you for the excellend video.
Another theory that explains why we reason is simply the evolution theory: those that reasoned had better odds at surviving.  Today, the issue remains the same: we have better chances at surviving (i.e. solving Humanity's problems) if we reason. The only thing that's different is that today's problems are much more complex - you could say they are hyperobjects (the new word I just learned!) However, our brains haven't evolved with the same pace as these problems have. But the technology we created has.  So, what I want to say is: yes, our problems are significantly harder than they were before, but our ability to solve them is also much greater.
What an abstract and precisely relevant video. Where's that love react💚
reading some gadamer might proof insightful on the subject :)
Yes! My man! That idea you mentioned about lottocracy is formally known as sortition and I've been advocating for it for years! It sounds crazy at first, but even the Athenians knew it was the only way to do democracy justice.
0:04  jesus christ Michael.....don't do that.  :0  Scared the shit out of me lol
Your arguments about reasoning very much support anarchism as a way of living. Debate and reason with empathy performed by local groups that decide their own fate is an option that works accord to how our minds have evolved to think in the way you are expaining. Said groups then create assemblies of groups where random people of each group represent their best interest in federations and manage to coordinate taking into account everyone's desire, in a distributed way.
okay so, full disclosure I havent watched a vsauce video in many years. But holy shit this video melted my brain and then blew me away. Are all of Michael's videos like this now? 30 minute mind fucks.
Is this your spoken word album? Tracklist: 0:00 Mind 1:39 Reason 2:51 Unintended Consequences 4:36 Hyperobject 7:11 power 9:42 ? 12:38 Do you know yourself? 14:03 Intuitions 15:40 -mistakes- Features 18:31 coupon! 19:45 Confirmation Bias 22:27 the problem 26:12 Lottocracy
Hey Michael,
Why was there so much uncited material in this? Drop me a link for that jelly bean guessing thing, man. Like, I’ve gotten comfortable with a lot of Vsauce videos because of the citations, but here you’re just rattling off what’s as good as your own thoughts without supporting a lot of it. For another example, the idea that we entrust big decisions to groups of people rather than individuals isn’t even really true. Lots of CEOs make decisions on their own. Lots of these “group” decisions are more like cabinets presenting ideas to executives and the executives make decisions. And the idea that we do that because it’s better than having one person make the decision? Where does that come from? Credit that conclusion to something so I can follow your reasoning, you know? If I’m gonna take this essay seriously I have to stop it every five seconds and do a bunch of research to confirm the things you’re saying, and I don’t have time for that, so I’m basically just regarding it all as half true at best.  That said, I like the lottocracy idea. I’d give that a lot of support. Seems worth a try, at least! Democracy is failing and it was always a meek system at best.
This subject is more important than ever with what's happening with COVID and all.
Ooooh! New Vsauce!? The OG has returned to bless us with another dose of existential angst!  I'm ready for it....
VSauce: where is your mind? Pixies: stop.
MY GOODNESS. I was thinking exactly that last month! I was trying to figure it out how to explain it to friends. Thanks! :-D
Vandana Shiva says Bill Gates is the new Christopher Columbus and that his book is rubbish.
I'd trust any big decision to micheal over any, "the crowd"
you forgot to mention "experience"
I like that idea :y
To be honest, this is part of the reason I developed a deterministic approach to life. Everything has a reason, and every reason is made of things we cannot control, including our own opinions. It's all made of life experiences, environmental factors and partly, genes. The truth is that we can't even trust our own mind. ...or is it?
Lottocracy. Where most charismatic "teacher" wins.
Michael, ABC Burgers is not cheap, because I'm not paying for the approximate cost of the ingredients. There has to be some profit margin or else no one would make burgers. The only argument is that it is relatively cheap for the amount of convenience.
I don't want to be a mean dummie, but I'd love to see the script draft for this. B&M Gates foundation is aaaaweeeeaome, so don't get me wrong. But a bit of transparency isn't, either. Fkn love Bill. My next tat will be his teenage mugshot.
Lottocracy, hmm. Sounds interesting. You could have 100 people specialized in a certain field and let them discuss different problems in that field. The solution that comes out, would probably be better than if today's government discussed it. This is almost like a decentralized political system, where there is no president or government to blame as "we all together" came to a solution.
Plot twist:micheal made this video long ago but was waiting for his beard to grow to classic vsauce look
"a group of minds thinking alike"  Also known as a circle jerk.
You ever wonder why we just *somehow* know intuitively when a car door doesn't shut all the way?
Love your vids , you've entertained me for years
Thank you Vsauce for being here for us
I love this video
wow.. i am thunderstruck by his reasoning 🙄
so.. high thought why does public performance crowds always form in a circle.
22:52 Not since recently, when the sjw and woke (quasifascists and authoritarians) hegemony finished taking over all social networks in which now there is nothing but censorship, oppression and intolerance for any dissidence
Ok but consider: with empiricism, you can reason with arbitrary individuals without needing to trust them, personally, only the system that produced the evidence and inferences the other person is citing.
At 12:00, we should pause and think about the points of the Logical empiricism movement, and the verification principle.
Great Video as per usual Micheal! Always thought provoking and in a good way. But I gotta say... little bummed we didn't get the actual Number of Jellybeans in the jar...
Thumbs down for Bill Gates
The thing with communication is that it likely evolved as much for deception as it did for relaying accuracy. A Lottocracy is essentially a variety of socialism. Most countries today are ruled by an Oligarchy or autocracy (in regard to the US look up the study by Gilens and Page). These forces would never allow a Lottocracy as it would do away with their vise grip on economic and political power. Once he mentioned being aligned with Bill Gates (LMAO) I knew the fix was in. Talk about one of the most pernicious Oligarchs around! In fact,  something along the lines of a Lottocracy sprang up briefly 150 years ago: The Paris Commune. It was brutally crushed by the French oligarchy of the day. The class interests at play were obvious as, though at war with each other, the German elite released hundreds of captured French soldiers to help crush the workers experiment in genuine popular democracy and the brief establishment of the very same type of society VSauce advocates. The Paris Commune had to be crushed lest German workers get any ideas about establishing a Lottocracy or some other communist/socialist society. Such a move by regular folks today would, no doubt, be met with extreme violence as it was in Paris 150 years ago. Bil Gates would wildly cheer it on from the safety of his bunker. Perhaps, as Harvard Biologist Ernst Mayr once quipped, reason is a fatal adaptation and that  is why we've never yet come across other intelligent life.
Shilling for Bill Gates and pushing climate hysteria, sad how low you have sunk Vsauce.
Given the brain u have, you understand the average person lacks the ability to think. The future does not look bright lol pun intended.
This entire video is literally: *Checkmate athiests*
Approved: Better than porn
The king is back ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Mind. Blown...
Thanks for the knowledge Michael
Don't talk to me about reasoning while partnering with Gates
Great too be Here guys
10:12 I went with "not enough information to decide" because I read the question wrong. Somehow I read it as "Is someone looking at a married person?" which breaks the question down into "Is Mary married?", which we don't know. If I read it correctly, I would have chose Yes.
ugh another vsauce video yum
Lottocracy sounds like a Gatcha game where whoever you get determines the fate of your country
Really worth the watch, 👌
Future reason: *(drools on self)*
He went full mckenna
I hadn't heard about the theory of social reasoning, but recently I've been thinking more and more about how to make better public decisions.  This seems about right
I'll show this video to aliens so they understand our stupidity
A very big assumption here. That our values, goals and biases are without rational basis.
This is the best I've seen from you. By far.
Bill Gates is going to save us
I missed your old videos, please more.
Long story short vsauce is advocating for literally putting ideas on trial by jury.
Dude i need more vsauce videos in my life :" literally saving me from melting into the passive ordinary existance
Im noty here to brag about, but I've been thinking for a long time about this issue: future and state of humanity. You summed up our nature veeeery precisely. The problem is that overcoming todays inertia will be a big challenge. There are two options: (1) our culture will evolve to allow us take a different path, or (2) we'll be forced to change by a crisis so big, that everything crumbles and we'll have to build everything from ground. Besides the victims what worries me is the fact, that with extraordinary highs comes extraordinary lows. But whatever best for humanity and inteligent life. Alea iacta est.
Leaving important decisions up to a crowd is evil. Garbage video. Go to hell.
this was profound, loved it
Yeah so Michael for president i guess
This video is so good it gave me chills at how inspiring it is
those final ideas about random people in the government sound really good, but maybe they would be kinda impossible to implement, i mean no one wants to give 3 or 6 years of their life to running the governemnt at random do they?
How to avoid a climate disaster, stop eating meat, stop buying anything not absolutely necessary.
2:52 does anyone know what that washing machine from hell is called?
I absolutely loved this video!! Michael is talking about everything I've been thinking about for the past year and a half! 💙💙
In french please🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼🙏🏼
Number one vsauce video of all time to me now. It's not a puzzle!
As the Ancients someday, I'll choose to be the Reapers. You're welcome.
My mind is somewhere north of the local group. 💫🤣
why does he look like he got locked out of his house
The industrial revolution and it's consequences...
this is why I am a centrist, the middle of the extremes is closer to the truth, the average.
😂😂😂 takes psych 101, can now save the planet 😂😂😂
Thanks for the demonstration. This was very powerful!
I felt hard that last "as always, thanks for watching".. After such an amazing video
1:56 He did he said the thing again
will never look at tofu the same way again :s
The Day the Earth Stood Still. to the soundtrack of Snap, Rytham is a dancer. enjoy the time we have here, eat less. Make more ? working from home is supprisingly productive with fast internet
Oh my god I found another bill gates video
It would be awesome to have an awesometer
Is there any way that I could offer to go through and fix the inaccuracies and misspellings in the captions? I noticed quite a few and would be willing to do it but I'm unsure how I would go about that
Really wish there was more discussion of stuff like this. Not just what decisions are made and who gets to make them, but the society-wide information-processing and decision-making process.
if you dont believe in aliens you havent watched the bob lazar documentary
Don't worry I'm Bill Gates has it all figured out. He'll tell us what we need to do.
Make a mindfields doing the discussiongroup for people all around the world. On a LARGE scale. You've got the resources, the following and the know-how to get it done.
One of the best channels on the planet
in a lottocracy what happens of a white supremacist is randomly chosen to make a decision s/he is biased about?
hopefully god comes back before any of that shit happens 😔🙏
NOOOOOOOO Michael you've been captured by this absolute sociopath. Inject some Marx in that brain asap, specifically building off Hegel with dialectical and historical materialism.  To quickly pierce the veil here stay on this very site and just google the Bill Gates deposition from the monopoly lawsuit he LOST; he's a grotesque liar and there's your demonstration of this.
bill? bye!
Whenever Vsauce needs to flex his beard he uploads a new video
All this video showed me is that i am apparently not a normal thinker.. lmao.
Lmao a lottocracy is basically what america had before politicians became career politicians. I'm all for it
I Want To Live In A Fantasy World
I want to Live In Fantasy World
but please keep it up. your videos are awe inspiring
Vsauce is like exurb1a stopped taking acid
This video explains why I already agree with this video.
see you in 2022!
aye michael i fw the terraria music
It’s weird when I first started watching you 9 or 10 years ago your videos were so much different. I don’t remember the series name but you had a few where you would click bait with female game characters in bikinis on shit lol and that’s exactly what 12 year old me wanted to see
And i gotta say it's so refreshing to have my mind blown during this pandemic!
Wow this was such a great video. For the last few years I have had some existential dilemmas which have deeply frustrated me, but the ideas you have exhibited in this video really alleviated some of that frustration.
The prime number video is literally below this and Michael was wearing the exact same cloth 3 years ago! That's some good quality material!
bruh lol. nice lol.
lottocracy is such a ludicrously cool idea
whoever did the subtitles needs to be fired. just transcribe what the man says for christ’s sake  edit: yeah just use the auto-generated
I said "Or is it?" at the same time as Michael and it made me so happy. God, how I've missed you VSauce.
no i dont.
Wow this was brilliant
Was looking for the lamb sauce but I found the vsauce😂
What?
Vsauce bought to you by Bill Gates talking about reason and so called Climate Change. Irony of ironies...
flat earthers need to watch this.
if only for a single day everyone in their own universes was to become the president and another day a poor person know how it feels and what they can do, it would make all realize the exact thing that needs to be done. this could invoke the inner realization of either how currupted or purified a person can be and why they shouldn't or should be
This is very Good
22:24 the most important part
That brickwork is all wrong.
Michael still coming in hot with them fresh facts. Always a pleasure to tune in.
Lottocracy, let's go!!!!
5:48 aaaaah, that's he sound I was waiting for from the beginning! by the way, subtitles are really annoying since someone has added sentences on it that disturbs Michael's speech flow. thank you anon
based
came here from youtube shorts and holy shit the difference in quality
I don't trust this video, until someone will explain it to me in a small group.
6:35 This is why radical change is a terrible idea, and we should do it gradually instead. Think through all the potential consequences. A balance is needed.
"..  I decided to make this video in collaboration with (Bill Gates)..."  You don't need this. Stay out of his way...
The solution will be governments run by computerized sentience on a leash. It will probably realize that humans are the source of the problem and will try to destroy us so we need a way to control it.
Wisdom of the mob.  Reasoning is primarily a tool for social cohesion?  No wonder mobs of people are so smart!  The average uneducated and unexamined life, especially when in large numbers, must be brimming with brilliant answers!  Strength in numbers, yes, applies to many situations; but, not all.
I'm convinced AI is the great filter, not climate change. While bad, climate change is an issue we can solve. AI might not be. Especially not ASI.
Welcome back Michael, everyone has missed you.
what's the final conlusion ?
27:19 wouldnt that be nice...
Beat drop at 5:47 your welcome 🙏🏼
COUPON!
We've evolved from "where are your fingers?" to "where is your mind?".
Dialectical materialism or Cybernetics? The answer will always be ☭
Would highly recommend How to Stop a Climate Disaster, to anyone who wants to learn the facts and solutions to the issue
https://youtu.be/_HWz62sVPZo
Apes together strong.
@26:50 woah you have some bendy thumbs Michael!
0:05 I see we are starting today's episode with The Pixies
Sounds like Clubhouse is gonna save the world
your content is always fantastic but this was your best contribution yet.   would love to see more on the topics in greater detail
i feel like i'm learning a lot of shit and not at the same time
10:43 Doesn't that also mean that it's also a "No". Since If she is married, "Paul is looking at Mary" will mean that Married person is looking at a Married person and goes the other way?
Hey Michael! I love how your reasoning becomes more and more mature and humane with every video you make! Please keep it going!
you know shit is about to get interesting when Vsauce says "..., or is it?" end of the sentence!
i mean, if you want the best answer, you need the most people
NOBODY:     *VSAUCE*
11:33 I'm already imagining the 'out of context' videos.
Fun Fact: This video was posted the same day Michael Collins & El Risitas died
i like your POV, but now i wanna make a counter video ; )
“In collaboration with bill gates” :/
aight so what Im getting from the first few minutes of the video is that the industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.
The first 10 minutes of this video I think about constantly and I feel so differently than everyone I know because no one ever seem to think much about it. The last 20 minutes helped me understand quite a lot more about others perspective. Really glad i watched this.
There is no way to deal with climate change. It is futile effort.
"Not enough information to decide.", nowhere is it stated in the question that married and unmarried are the only 2 possible states. As such Mary could be neither married nor unmarried. But if you want to think about it using the common people type of thinking full of assumptions and following this or that civilization's social rules and what not then, yes the answer is yes. Strictly math wise though it would be not enough information to decide.
When he says "It would be a waste of time" (17.50) it reminds me of Anthony Kiedis in Point Break.
Yall wanna make a lottocratic coven in the woods?
"climate change denier" and Bill Gates demonizer here. At first I thought this entire video was going to piss me off, turns out there are exactly two claims I disagree with here, both between 3.5 and 4 minutes. Very well done.
But... what if Paul is married to Mary?
Well, the thing behind the reasoning of the magician part falls apart a bit. You explained how "all elephants are awesome" statement does not hold. And in the magician test, they were actually using the same trick. You give a person a choice between A and B of which person actually can not choose from, but since they are asked to do so, they will, reasoning after that is pointless because the initial choice was already flawed.
Now I'm scared about my opinions
I was missing so much a new Vsause video. Please make more.
Blew it out of the water my friend! Love your work!
If we pass the right to repair and maintain and stop feeding this blind consumerism of replacing shit that doesnt need to be replaced, we can have a better future.
Michael is officially the coolest dude on the internet 😎
I love that like 10 Years ago Vsauce decided to go from shitty tiddy content to this
thanks
Thank you Michael for the effort and dedication you put into your videos.
Vsauce is the only teacher you need in your life.
I really like the thought of a National Deliberation Day. Lots of interesting ideas and food for thought in this video.
Smells like some bill gates new world order propaganda 😂
Vsauce uploaded a video. I go bring my dictionary 😆😂 lots of new words
This felt like 5 minutes
PEPEGA HERE
Return of the King
I learned a lot from him, but i still dont know why some people dislike his videos.
Two words: Invisible Basketballs! 17:18
Am I the only one watching this video, listening for all the parts that could be used in "Out of Context Vsauce?"
bruh just wants to be brought back to life xD
Jesus fucking Christ dude, Bill Gates? Really?
Yay another global warming propaganda video which conveniently skips all the actual science.
WANT TO LEARN OF TRUTH = giants were + are real. They are the Nephilim =(children of fallen angels + human women) You see angels are all male, because God only wanted a set number of them, and did not want them to have children + multiply. The Nephilim or giants typically have 6 fingers + 6 toes as well as double rows of teeth. They live + grow for a long time, as in for hundreds and maybe even thousands of years. - Free energy is in our Bible and is so super simple that it should be positive proof of an extremely powerful SPIRITUAL WARFARE, that is going on behind the scenes, in order to cover up the simplicity of this ancient technology. This free energy technology is so old that it can be found in Ezekiel 1:16, where it is attempting to describe the workings of a UFO motor = ”a wheel in the middle of a wheel”. I used pulleys to imitate this technology, where you only input a few sparks of current for 1 rotation of a motor with a large 33 cm circumference, (about 10 cm diameter) pulley attached. This would freely gain you 99 cycles of AC or DC electricity, from 3 mini-pulleys of 1 cm circumference-(about 0.33 cm diameter) with AC or DC motors/generators attached, by simply running the same belt-strap or even a tied piece of rope or string in a pinch, past these 3 mini-pulleys https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NxpoiCFKmPg - + Don't believe in the torque lie, as the only power that these three mini-pullies need to produce is a lot of voltage, (easy to do) + a few sparks of current, to crank over this 33 cm pulley once. That's right, this one large pulley + three mini-pulleys are forming a self-powering set of DC generators. The many rotations of the mini=pulleys build up the massive voltage needed to crank over the large 33 cm pulley once. Then you use the large amount of belt that you gain from the single rotation of the large pulley to rotate the 3 mini-pulleys in massive amounts of times - Want to know more about something that really matters, like the Truth about the true powers of this world, reality + what our lives are truly all about. Trump believes in our Father in Heaven, and by the way, the ARK of the COVENANT has been found in Jeremiah's Grotto, right under where YESHUA=Jesus was crucified. So HIS BLOOD + WATER that came out when He was stabbed by the spear could run down the crack in the bedrock, that happened when the earth quaked + landed on the correct side of the ARK, that was placed there many hundreds of years earlier. His dried BLOOD was still alive even, + tested as only having 24 CHROMOSOMES = Virgin Born + proving HIS DIVINITY.. (only had one parent regular =46, which is 23 chromosomes each) + Him with 23 from His mother and only one male Y chromosome from His Father in Heaven. - PLEASE WATCH THIS VIDEO https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=B8TRoQk6WUE @ (41:41) = HIS Blood is STILL ALIVE + had only 24 chromosomes = 23 from his mother + only One from His Father (normal people have 46 = 23 from the mother + 23 from the father). If these videos have been taken down, then in YouTube search these words = ( ark of covenant blood Ron Wyatt ) - Sorry guys + gals, but the higher up elite of mankind has decided to believe + side with these aliens (fallen angels + Nephilim) = sons+daughters of the children of fallen angels + human females in building these particle colliders + quantum computers - which mess with our timelines + allow evil spirits into our reality.  - I cannot be sure if Trump was-is+will-be the best American President,,, but did you notice that the fake news of the very corrupt media does not mention all of the great things Trump did?. Democrats not only want to kill your unborn offspring, but they want to kill them after birth even. DON'T BELIEVE ME,,,., then Google Democrat + abortion, then you can see for yourself. + BY THE WAY - ISN'T THE FACT THAT THE ARK OF THE COVENANT HAS BEEN FOUND in 81 + WITH CHRIST'S BLOOD ON IT + STILL ALIVE = (PROVING HE IS DEVINE), HAVING ONLY 24 CHROMOSOMES = PROOF OF VIRGIN BORN =(the biggest NEWS ever, and proof of the corrupt + fake NEWS)= why is this not covered on every TV station <<PROOF = search YouTube> - TRUMP ELECTION SCANDAL <<< If these are true=This Is Scary >>> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NOiaymqaQdc&fbclid=IwAR1lcZFAjGij0TmkIGLRLsJnayWpZsTRViXB-DmOATG0E3JXgHlWl5fAl9g + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_7Z058MC7M&t=3735s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dBj9ZDC_Ad8&t=1481s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=m0YKf-caVuY&t=240s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_7Z058MC7M&t=3720s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=OWwNJZhcrww + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R5ki6S-WsKU&t=977s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Z8UZn7PmyXc&t=112s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Dc-HQyBm8GU&t=4242s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HIKOXyxlhag&t=381s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=V_7Z058MC7M&t=3735s + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bgMpTQNCcgg - https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=spnJ5WDgZnY Isn't it amazing what knowledge we can gain by simply adding the “il-s” of life, into this evil theory.,, EVil-sOLUTION. Evolution never happened,,, and it never had the time, so it could have happened,,,, because we have only been here on this earth for about 6000 years. Think about the odds of us on this earth that is constantly gaining mass from space dust and meteors, revolving around a sun that is always losing mass from burning fuel=mass. If mankind has evolved over billions of years, then why is there only about 6000 years worth of His-story and so little space dust on the moon = see the moon landings, there are only a few cms of space dust. If evolution ever happened, then it needed the moon to keep the oceans from becoming stagnant water. - WHERE ARE THE THE BILLIONS OF YEARS WORTH OF DUST DEPOSIT. Surely that would have produce meters of dust, as would not the dust have been even thicker way back then + Don't try to tell me that something or someone removed the dust every so many thousand years. - DO THE MATH FOR YOURSELF = the amount of dust deposit is known,,, + the amount deposited every year is known too. I did the math in the early '90s, and it worked out to be about 6000 years worth of dust that is on the moon now. I don't know if they use the same figures now or not. But even so, it should be obvious that after even one billion years,,,, the dust should be many meters thick. -  TRUTH about COVID-19 = https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=H_vNWmqWmZc  + https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vzIWq_59MIY - This is so simple that it should be proof positive of the Battle between GOOD + EVIL. Proof of a most powerful war going on in the background, with REAL BAD FORCES that are controlling our lives. Please remember that Satan is called the ”god of this world” in our Scriptures = (2 Corinthians 4:4). You only need to input a few sparks of current, that rotates a large 33  cm circumference pulley once, to multiply you an output of 99 cycles of AC or DC electricity from 3 mini-pulleys. Do you see how super simple this is, and how powerful the evil forces are to keep this super simple technology from us for so long? - FREE ENERGY = SIMPLICITY AT THE BEST (AC Electricity Multiplication using simply the geometry of pulleys to multiply AC rotations) (a DC motor only takes a few sparks of current, to rotate one full time) Please don't be fooled by the old false torque problem lie, because this torque only occurs when you are producing power. And no matter how much voltage you need, when you multiply it by the few sparks of current that you need, (practically nothing) it equals only the smallest amount of power, (requiring very little torque). - (EZE 1:16) “and their work was as it were a wheel in the middle of a wheel.” - So I did the next best thing, I connected a big wheel to a mini wheel through a belt, strap, rope, or even a piece of string in a pinch to connect the two pulleys with motors attached. - Have you ever heard of the MANDELA Effect? PLEASE CHECK THIS OUT,,,, + then try telling me that there is not a POWERFUL SPIRITUAL WARFARE going on in our world. This is a must-watch video. All of time and space are changing. Things that are true have been altered + CERN is the cause for these events. https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pPrutcbaerQ -  Here is one of the videos trying to let this scary information out  https://www.readersdigest.com.au/true-stories-lifestyle/thought-provoking/44-mandela-effect-examples-that-are-seriously-mind-bending - + here is an explanation by the Physicists https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HHKmoBeNWWQ&list=PLDIEv5nkqqEa0-u8DIzqpefKBAG0nkb7g&index=2  - CERN Is Changing Our Timelines – Proof - Mandela Effect Part 1 + this is a video of what they are really up to https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49dGknES0-w  - Here is a website that shows you how quick + simple this GEM technology is to build = https://www.youtube.com/watch?reload=9&v=NxpoiCFKmPg  - http://beliefstoliveby.yolasite.com/  http://evolutiondebate.yolasite.com/  - TRUTH ABOUT CERN https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49dGknES0-w  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ooZA0riSa9Y  D-WAVE COMPUTER https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1v19n5JBSDs&t=305s  RELEASING DARKNESS https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7TA-z6RrXRo  EXTREME NATURE CHANGES https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=7HnSOZXZdWU  SATAN’s NAME IS "God" https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=_qr2vT5ySLA&t= ILLUMINATI PLAN FOR HUMANITY https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=49dGknES0-wDE MANDELA EFFECT https://www.readersdigest.com.au/true-stories-lifestyle/thought-provoking/44-mandela-effect-examples-that-are-seriously-mind-bending -87
I'm loving the video. The music Mixdown sometimes blurs the thought process in my opinion. It could've been slightly worked to leave Micheal's speech clear.
After watching this enticing video:  Can you spot the fake speedrun   Part 2
Ive waited months for another Vsauce fix, Im finally high once again.
I fucking love this guy. These new videos have been exactly what everyone needs rn.
Damn i swear to God I have been thinking about this subject like about my entire life and i concluded that nothing matters we all bunch of randomness in a specific time and place we solve problems using reason to ignore the fact that we will die
22:19 unfortunately, this doesn't work with democracy. It's winner takes all, and the winner is merely the highest plurality. With elections, this requires half or usually less than half of the votes. But there's good reason for this. What if you're on a cliff in mountain with a group of people. Splitting up means death. One half wants to go right and the other wants to go left.. but if you take the "average" of the crowd's opinion, you go straight off a cliff. That is why sometimes you need strong leadership. "Wisdom of the crowd" is a euphemism for "Mob mentality". It might work for some things like counting balls in a jar, but doesn't apply well to all the complex scenarios in the real world. And the mob, just like a heard of cattle, is quite easily prodded into different directions if you know what you're doing and have the resources. And I'd be interested to see how well a lotacracy works, but I'm very certain it would end up being that in name only; as at various points, completely incompetent people, some of them literally retarded, would be chosen, and then the more clever subordinates would simply take the reins. They might not take the title, but they would be the one who is really in command; or more likely it would be a corporation or large organization taking the reigns. I think hierarchies form naturally and ultimately every government leans toward authoritarianism over time until it collapses and is reborn. I don't think there's any way around it. It's why communism is only equal in name, but always only ends up being totalitarian.  But I agree on the notion that logic is not the reason we do things. We do things instinctively and based on our emotions and deeply seeded desires. Logic is merely a tool to accomplish our wants; it's not the reason we want something.
I'd wait a decade for this kind of content...
Reasoning about reasoning !
Michael shellenberger is great too! Apocalypse Never is a great book! he underestimates the severity of climate change but for sure nuclear power the only practical answer by a long shot!!!!
I think one problem with the lottocracy stuff at the end there is the assumption that a representative slice of the population is being chosen. If we were to expand government to the entirety of the world that would be possible, but the average political opinion of a US citizen and a citizen of Vietnam, or Turkey, or Nigeria are going to be very different on some important issues, and they are probably going to affect one another in ways that will perpetuate conflicts that already exist. He also mentions that the chosen representatives would be taught by experts on the subjects they're making decisions on, but who gets to be the expert? I think the same problems apply. To be fair this could have been just a thought experiment-ultimate-in-the-future goal, but the intermediate steps seem like the problem to me
Bill Gates scary, however i DO appreciate him for standing up for nuclear!!!!! gmo crops not needed. we need climate controlled greenhouses and robotics. possibly hydroponics. also lab grown meat. but above all else nuclear power and crypto. need truly clean adn reliable energy, and gotta stop using "their" money.
NUCLEAR POWER!!!!!! CRYPTO!!!!!! NUCLEAR POWER!!!!! CRYPTO!!!!!
HE BACK
Watch the essence of Ben Shapiro slowly leak out of Michael at 10:00
Often times I wondered with the current level of technology that we have why do we need to elect a representative to make all the decisions for a period of time for us, when we could actually vote for all those decisions ourselves. Will it be worse than the present system ? i honestly don't know, but the idea regarding the guessing of the number of jelly beans in a jar seems to suggest so or maybe that's just my confirmation bias.
hey I have the same chair
When he talked about an advanced society resurrecting us, I immediately thought of roko's basilisk but it's almost like... the opposite of roko's basilisk
Am I the only one who was trying to wipe up the white spot on Michael’s table 😂
Sponsored by bill gates dayum
THE RETURN
How almost 5k people have already chosen to dislike this video is beyond me...
for some reason this feels like such a classic vsauce vid. brings me back to the early early days
Global warming doesn't affect us. Try that one.
This is a great argument against people like Bill Gates -- who has his view of the way the world should go, and engages in philanthropy partially in order to cement his own influence. It is an argument against billionaires in general, as huge amounts of money in a few hands affords those people a huge amount of power without any deliberation.
Words cannot express how much I love this man
If we are one consciousness i feel I’m near the butthole
one of Bill Gates favorite books is how to lie with statistics the more you know
29:12 oh, thanks mate.
30 minutes no ads, more information than you'll ever learn at school. Vsauce Is a true gem
BILL GATES IS A BAD MAN.
I am glad Michael and VSauce is back to uploading content, I might not always get the topics but I still like learning about them nonetheless.  Also, who else wants and Awesome-ometer now?
Every night I pray to god only to thank him for Michael Stevens.
korzeganut, him overspilfice, it's okay to be smart I know al ot more but you guys lsit tehm :)
too bad democracy on a global level is dead and gone - Aristotle's ghost is crying
וואייי יפהההה
being aware of confirmation bias around the society is the REASON for unhappiness :(
I just sit ehre waitingf for big youtuber to comment at this point XDS
25:00 sick political burn
So basically internet cults
Needs re-watching
"When you notice that someone is upset, you don't consciously think: hmm ok, so their eyebrows are oriented like that...." I definitely do that, don't make me feel like an outsider
Watch this on YouTube ... We split photons into Muons and electron showers. This is the new Atomic model and replaces the Bohr model with a dipolar nucleus made of dipole particles you will actually see. "Electron Flood Physics" by Mudfossil University
Hi us, Michael there!  Don't you think you are just observing biases and then constructing explanations?^^  Also: The jellybean-experiment you bring up @~22' I believe was conducted with asking everyone singlefile and then averaging their answers. It was not asked one question of a crowd, because a crowd tends to go with who is loudest often. Not who is "rightest". So no, I don't really agree with you arguing the "wisdom of the crowd". I like the idea of asking a lot of people separately, and then combining their answers. That is democracy, right?  Also, it sounds a bit like you argue for people using biases to convince others. I don't think you do, just as feedback. Love the idea of small discussion circles :D   Interesting thought about the lottocracy^^ Need to think more on that.  Loved the closing thought!  Looking forward to answers^^ have a nice day
I absolutely love your videos!!! Could you please do a long video about the simulation hypothesis🤔 Like this so he sees it!!!!
Love it but had to watch it over 3 days
This is your first video I couldn’t watch till the end vsauce
Another fool talking about reasoning and thinks his mind has evolved. Where is the science and reasoning behind that
Blah-blah--blah
Man if only the world had quarterly Vsauce talks like TedTalks but for making group decisions to change the future with a random selected audience each time; ultimately having whatever guidance and goals that come out of each adopted by governments.
Omg i cant believe this video is just 2 days old i just say the date as i finished it really happy our king is back.
Politics explained in a scientific way. Interesting!
We should always keep in mind that history is mostly the recall of ancient dead empires... How smart (as a planetary society) shall we be to last longer ?
A lottocracy implemented correctly should be an evolution to a democratic government, too bad we most likely won't be around to see it, being from a sort of newly (relatively) democratic country, it takes years for laying down fundamental rights of citizens, building comprehensive law and order policies, redressal policies, governmental institutions for policing and enforcement, governmental regulation etc and tens of decades later archaic problems still are around like a plague, starting a new system is an enormously daunting task I bet no generation would be willing to participate in, considering the bureaucracy, I don't think we will see a French revolution-esq movement considering the growing stability in most regions too. For my life time, realistically I would love to have people like micheal governing my or any other country 🙏
I think this is the summit. I feel something has been fulfilled. This is it, This is vsause. Thank you.
I mean why we come to reasons from conclusions makes pretty decent sense, like the fish that stays in their evolutinairy way because it's enough and it works. You can't really reason everything or else you would have no building blocks to stand on, you have to question everything build before hand and can't live further on the existence of others as you're trying to reason every part of every thing. Which is pretty funny because I'm autistic and when someone is sad I do reason why they're upset, exactly what he said. They're eyebrows are angled a certain way or their voice had a split second change in pitch.
*P R O P A G A N D A*
I love Vsauce so much! So great content
I've heard really good REASONING that climate change isn't even among the top 50 concerns for humanity (especially considering our options for preventing it), and should be treated as such
oh, ok.
We are not currently creating more fammon with human progress. FALSE PREMISE!
maybe Mary isn't a person ;)
He feeds me interesting stuff that i will never use and that saddens me greatly
It's not looking good...I thing we're getting dumbbber???
I’m supposed to be napping before work,
Next video on space and aliens please
Did Michael just change the title so we have to communicate about him changing the title to demonstrate communication being an extension of our minds?
Paul is the father Peter is the brother of Mary. Mary is a child. It depends on the understanding of the word looking.
dang, this is a heavy one
5:30 hahah lmao please.
5:02 now who told you this KIND OF BULLSHIT.. you specially you have found nothing some others have seen everything.. but didn't tell you... remember michael just because you did not see it.. it doesn't mean it does not exist..
Most of the top comments are empty praise of the video/channel/creator, without discussing the content. Just like every video on YouTube.
I think the opening part is lip-synched. Would be easier than trying to naturally stitch together all that audio. Anyway, awesome video as always, and an important antidote to the individualistic theory of mind that is in vogue.
That's very beautiful Michael but no way politicians will give away their power. Only way to achieve that lotto system is by convincing LOTS of people via social media to do it with celebraties backing it up and rioting on the streets.  But that doesn't solve the biggest problem: corruption in choosing the random persons to discuss and make decisions. Even if u create a near perfect system to chose those people, things can allways be reverse-enginereed and corrupted by the wrong people. If that happens society enters a corporate slave era.  The problem with making the decisions in society is with humans. The only way to reach a balanced society that is the best for everyone regardless of status is by creating several independent AI to govern us. Those AI are so advanced that they need a reward system for keeping society at its peak, and also to guarantee it doesn't ever have the need to rebel against humans. That's the only way.
in order 2 understand what you are you first need to descend into afterlife and then comeback ascend back 2 life
0:40 is really just a tool like a PC>whit antennas. to some >places<
So ... you’re saying our brains turn out dose not work ! Interesting 🤔
REASONS VS EXCUSES???
After all these years, your videos are still one of the best ones on the entire internet, thank you for making such high quality videos for free
So glad were getting new content
Great video! Thank you for challenging my brain!
What a utopian concept. Michael, did you forget that people are people? What keeps the system random? What keeps those with influence from affecting those selected? Who chooses the experts that will teach these random people? And what about our modern world suggests that we as a species can collectively reason on anything?
So basically, we’re upgrading the planet by killing it-?
Legend
Or is it?
Great now vsauce wants a cover above the earth to stop the sun heating the earth. Thank you sat*an
this is a historical moment
21:30 is exactly why we don't listen to Bill Gates on these issues because he is only one person who is good at business and is not a scientist, doctor, or economist. Even if he was, there is hardly any agreement on things like climate change once you actually ask a wide group of scientists. It is better to ask both the crowd and the people most impacted by climate and the reduction of fossil fuel use. Also, the rise in oil/gas prices is currently killing thousands in South America. The use of these products cannot be stopped until the solutions have become cheaper...I'm a fan of nuclear because sun and wind aren't reliable, take up tons of space, and can create massive heat death zones. Just one perspective. 😁🤷‍♀️
Two things can be done with this video: 1. everything Michael has said can be taken out of context and turned into a meme, or 2. everything Michael has said can be taken with context and turned into the future... of reasoning.
Deep.
How can you not touch the vsause vid 🤍
B-Short. Michael here.    #CSGO
Y’know I was about to complain about the leftists dogwhistles typical of a Bill Gates funded media peice but...  Damn that conclusion really saved it. I was like “wait, I’m not actually mad about this, this was good, I actually don’t hate this” 😂😂😂  Good video vsauce!
>Bill Gates
ahhhh, here we go
We use conclusions to create reason
babe wake up, new Vsauce video just dropped
"Collective thought. SOunds LiKe CoMmunism"
2nd class of the semester 😂
I checked like 3 days ago to see if a new VSauce video had been uploaded and didn't see one. Next day you upload and I later see it in my recommended. I feel like I thought it into existence lmao
Who else guessed it at the right time when he says "or is it?" ?
The messiah to gates... dissappointed
15:35 programmers.
King's bacc👑
One of the best videos, I ever watched on Internet 🙌
Bring this to the top
Lottocracy will never work because at some point the computer will choose 12 white male dudes(which CAN happen, since it's supposed to be completely random), and someone's gonna be like: "OH MY GOD there is no D I V E R S I T Y". And so there would be more and more rules added to this system and, eventually, we would get back to where we started.
This video is like boring and excellent are on a seesaw balancing perfectly level.
"Lottocracy" is bullshit  See : "Convention Citoyenne sur le climat" in France. Random citizens, chosen to propose policies to fight against climate change. Ended up regurgitating the proposals of the "experts" that were invited to speak before them by politicians with their own agendas, and then power tripping when their unfeasible plans were not implemented as is. Representative democracy might not be perfect, but lottocracy sure is worse.
Michael makes half an hour feel like 5 minutes.
Thank you, Vsauce for contributing to thee MIND. We appricate it.
But what if Mary doesn't look at either of them?
The Left- "Billionaire bad, eat the rich!" Also the Left- "Bill Gates is daddy  👁   👄   👁"
This reminds me of the theory that our subconscious mind has all control over our actions and our conscious mind does nothing but create bullshit reasons for it
This was... hard to sit through. Maybe my brain is too smooth for this one
Confirmation bias is WHY I hit the "Like" button on Vsauce's videos before I finish watching them. I first decided to agree to the videos' content and then consciously looked for reasons that aligns with my worldview. Even with this, I did learn a ton from this video!
We should let like 3 families alive seperate very far from eachother and all die while leaving all the information, technics and everything we have collect all these thousands of years accessible to them. It will help nature "heal" quickly and give a chance to the human race to survive longer with only these three reproducing and slowly repopulating earth. It goes over what we value in our society but it is only for the survival of our species. People will maybe not come a decision we all agree but someone or a group should lead and make it happen even it means bombing the world. Because at that rate we can't survive any longer and we can't rely on something that will never come we have to stop being lazy and act now
Elephant are objectively awesome. They have broboscis and Fangs. They're also one of the few four wheel drive animals. They have a great sense of family and common identity. They're cute and shower themselves.
One of my favorite video from you so far Micheal.  But, Lottocracy can't happen without some form of geniocracy. There is WAY too much selfish idiots. Deciders must not be profound ignorants, or religious integrists.  Lottocracy could spare us the Ted Cruz or Mitch McConnell. But it would elevate & enable a damn lot drooling idiots like Louie Gohmert and Marjory Tailor Green.
How do you deal with a hyperobject like a pandemic, *bill*?  Do you leverage your charities to coerce Oxford to not open source their vaccine, increasing its profitability at the expense of access to the vaccine for all, *bill*?  Apparently yes, you do.
Sut the fuck up Bill.
Election by lottery creates a group of people that are very easy to manipulated by other parts of the government. Like in Ireland, the lottery group was basically just a yes sayer advertisement to create the constitution reform exactly the way the government wanted in the first place.
"our survival instinct is our single greatest source of inspiration" - Dr. Mann (interstellar 2014)
Billionaires and the ruling elite aren't your saviors... They are the ologarchic controllers of the planet and have kept all the underclass oppressed, keeping us from unionization, cooperation, and creating a better world, because their greed is far too out of control. Time for change.
Gates shill zzz
i now support a lottocracy
Yes, it's called an awesometer
But Still many people disliked this video And I think they're a threat to this Audience pole idea of yours cause they've always disliked it and will always dislike it and if someday the number of them becomes greater than the number of us then...
Well this took me a few days to digest it, excellent writing btw.
Ban all billionaires and most of global warming would be gone.
4.5K people are not able to reason.
Watching his video during an ongoing pandemic hits completely differently
Since Spock was my hero since I remember I feel like my reasoning is true reasoning ;) my wife tells me that I think like a robot.
The Great Filter is such a weird idea to me, becuase it seems outlandish. We live on a rock, that for all intents and purposes has had everything from asteriods, to GRBs thrown at it. We've literally had 3 mass extinction level events and yet life found away. The great filter could probably do a huge number on unprepared intelligent life? But life in general? I expect it the unverse to be teeming with life.
Anyone else see Hawk moth on the thumbnail? Or am I just weird?
ME
that is a brilliant conclusion and I now understand why Socrates hated democracy and why it would be the downfall of humanity. concentrating all that power into so few people really does make the world a worse place. we all live here and we all are responsible for it.
What a great video, have your like and comment wise man
Thanks a lot!
oi vey! guess il live in a pod and eat bugs i guess..
“Where is your mind?”  After watching these videos for so long, I wouldn’t be surprised if you told me it was In a black hole.
Man the whole videos are always full of some deep big brain stuff but those endings... Always take away your mind.
It’s in DZ
In my country whatever our Supreme Leader says Bhakts agree. Logic and Reasoning have been banned.
vsauce... more like based sauce
Bill Gates?!?! Really? The guy speaks highly about depopulation. Gates is no one to look up to.
Who stopped watching when he said he's collaborating with Bill Gates?
In this he says, “we don’t want to leave the thinking up to a few great minds”... brought to you by Bill Gates new book🤔
hearing someone talk about reason and Darwinian evolution in the same breath is hilarious i mean Darwin himself didn't trust his reason
Quality of life is rising??? Naja.....
Please make more videos and hire Jake Chudnow to make more crazy music for them.
This video felt satisying due to my biases
I'm so happy the most recent Vsause videos have the same vibe as 6 years ago. ^-^
Reasoning seems to be in short measure nowadays... people think the earth is flat, Trump is a good person, and that climate change is fake....
Lol ha being a conversation with someone today,   “I disagree with your opinion” “Well your racist and now I will beat you with a stick till you see I’m correct”
waytoodank
So sjws need to come to the table and actually talk to their opposition. Got it. Hope they do.
I like how I spend months thinking about things and coming to conclusions and then Mike just steals all my thoughts and turns them into Vsauce videos.  Edit: After being a Christian for 20 years and now really not sure where I stand I've come to the conclusion that we are all just telling ourselves stories. Whatever we tell ourselves enough is what we will believe and if we can find people who agree with us then we believe it even more.
This video will be studied in school books
Eventually US History is going to be two classes
Higher global temps due to progress kills: 100 people. Progress with higher global temps saves: 400 people. Hmmmmm
BLOCKCHAIN LOTTOCRACY IS THE FUTURE
How it explain fenomena like cult leaders?
Wonder which countries Bill Gates think should make the progress sacrifice, India, China, South America🤔all of them🥸
Doing your own research? Confirmation bias? Hmmm reminds me of something
I'd vote for him.
Jesus Christ is our Lord and Savior ✝️❤️
I retain this information better when you play moon men in the background 💯
0:43 Michel how do you know that?       Michel?     Are you ok?
A lottocracy social experiment is something I would love to see! Its cool to see the random peoples discussion and own opinions in the matter.
End to the capitalism
Good video!
>Bill Gates  YEP, glad I stopped watching this years ago. Everything is so easy to see now.
Reason this: Technological Progress reduces famine, disease, death, and lengthens life expectancy but raises the global temp. Which is more important? If we loose less lives each year with progress is that not the goal despite Global temperature rise🤔 Note: yes people die when temps go up, but less die overall from the progress spoken above.
Lottocracy for the win!
Wow
Aristotle and those guys really did there thing. Made it this far in the minds of people through history because they had minds of there own.
A great argument for liquid democracy.
You posted just as my insta account got disabled due to "harassment".
Brilliant as always! I've long thought that a jury service type approach to government would be better than what we have now. Less tribal, less focussed on just the next few years and re-election, more likely to yield long term policies that benefit more people.
well maybe you do decide fate over one person with this method, we germans dont do that.
"Lumbering" ? who told you that? Bill? BUN DAT
Fairly sure that's not how the autistic brain works... I mean, _I_ run logic checks constantly. Dunno about everyone else.
This video sounds alot like the Democratic agenda pushed by Bill gates and the globalist 🤔🤔🤔🤔
You claim to "reason" but completely neglected the fact that these "climate scientist" (not the real ones who leave open that our impact with carbon can possibly be a positive for us) have been wrong on EVERY major prediction over the last 75 years.   Reason me this batman... how do you with someone who has been consistently wrong for an entire lifetime and longer, and call yourself the reasonable one?  I get that this isn't the primary part of this video but it bugs me when people are so sure of climate change ignore the science.
General AI is another big one!
Where do I vote for us to change to lottocracy?  Also, after seeing the Vsauce #shorts about Vsauce being the Finnish word for wisdom, I need him to see this from his Norwegian fans!  Translate from English to Norwegian: Show us
I love this channel,         Or do I ?                            I do.
Michael may not be an elephant, but he certainly is awesome. Thank you so much for this video.
Material possessions will not determine the “quality” of my life
👁
Michael for president
Tooo much to engulf  But logical👏
I’m glad he finally sat down. All that standing must have gotten tiring
"no firmer than a blob of tofu" 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣 Absolutely pure gold
stopped watching at "Bill Gates". And downvoted.
To the 1.8% people who dislike this video, we collectively decided that you are wrong.
When is vsauce gonna run out of ideas
One caveat to a lotto-type system. While I love the idea, unfortunately, the general public is quite uninformed about many of today's issues. This would inevitably lead to poor decision-making, even with groupthink. Our politicians are much worse, so I'm not supporting them, but if the ability to reconfigure the government existed, it would need to come with the requirement to do research on issues before voicing an opinion and educating voters on fallacies like confirmation bias.
👍👍
holy shit.
what keeps this guy up at night
So how do we elect people randomly? Too bad we cant randomly try that for some years and go back to normal presidency, if that doesnt work..
"What to do, when a ship carrying a hundred passengers suddenly capsizes and only one lifeboat? When the lifeboat is full, those who hate life will try to load it with more people and sink the lot. Those who love and respect life will take the ship's axe and sever the extra hands that cling to the sides of the boat."  -Pentti Linkola
1:56 That's what they call defying expectations
My cat is like: What the fuck are you watching
A Good Dictator.
Holy Shit
I’m convinced, how does one convert our political system in to a lottocracy?
I appreciate this video because it has been one of the few that addresses a hyper object such as climate change with positivity and believe that we as a species can over come it.
Sorry, but climate scientists and activists lost all their credibility the moment they brought Greta. Fuck the environment!
Sorry, but climate scientists and activists lost all their credibility the moment they brought Greta. Fuck the environment!
Logic puzzle Burning fossil fuels emits GHG emissions High concentration of GHG emissions cause Global warming Therefore we should stop burning fossil fuels  Bill Gates logic Burning fossil fuels emits GHG emissions High concentration of GHG emissions cause Global warming Therefore we should cover up the sun
This guy must take a lot of showers.
Let’s do a fun experiment   Make a website/google form Put a picture of a jar with marbles in it  And let people guess the number of marbles in it. Only Vsauce knows the exact figure, but this can be used to calculate the amount of time and number of people required to get the exact number.  Then we can plot a Number of marbles vs Number of people/time Graphs   Just for fun
listening to this video, thinking - this is just what i listened to on Audible..  *looks at description* oooh so did you.
So we just a hive mind
Let's just hope our future students don't watch tenet.
Having spend many years arguing with people in youtube comment sections, I genuinely think this video was meant for me.
Uh oh...vsause dropped a vid
How do people get 30 likes on youtube?
Well I don't agree with the logical puzzle, Mary can be Married or Unmarried, but she can just as well be Widowed or Divorced. At least in Sweden you are only Unmarried till the point you are Married, from that point on you will never become Unmarried again, instead you become Divorced or Widowed, until the point you might choose to be Married again. But you will never return to the state of being "Unmarried".  Granted this will also change depending on the legislation in the geographical area you are in, in a way actually driving your point further. Something you see as an easy fact, is not seen the same way from a different point of view, we see the same thing but we label them differently and in the end reach different conclusions.
This channel just summed up most of the problems of the entire 21st Century in a 30 minute video.
You have to know if mary is married!
literally explaining the one being/source theory in the beginning!!
i wonder if countries can count as brains
26:19 If only...
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.”  LOL. I never thought I'm going to say this, but: delete this.
Since you're in with Bill Gates, can you set up a fist fight between he and I?  He's a disgusting person.
The lone reasoner idea at 21:00 is a great case for total free speech and ending censorship. If someone has a bad idea and isn’t allowed to say it, they will never know why it’s an actual bad idea.
Me in 3 a.m: ahh Damn I need to sleep now.  Also me: 0:05
Broooooo just YESTERDAY I was thinking about vsauce. What an amazing coincidence
damn he finally remember that he own a channel
Ok... but what if it has literally been proven that people who have the opposite opinion have been misinformed with false or misleading facts
The randomly selected deliberators idea isn't just a pipe dream: the Independent Citizens Redistricting Commission is pretty much psuedo-randomly chosen. Republicans in the State legislature sure don't like it, but that suits me. It's an actual chance to control gerrymandering, and as such, our selfish political parties definitely should not like it.
You can morph the point of view of the average person in society if you are a big enough player, thereby increasing the possibility of your point of view to be implemented when a random person is elected.
This video would have been exponentially better if narrated by Agent Smith (Hugo Weaving) :D :D :D
let's be honest. human extinction is going to be a product of human beligerency
Michael your desk is slightly too high, you're gonna create a lot of tension in your shoulders like that.
Support Fund the Audit: https://fundtheaudit.org/
Outstanding video, I learned so much. Thank you Vsauce!!
This is fire
🤔makes me think to my work environment.. i wonder why 😂😂😂
Trade offer! You receive: 30 minutes of knowledge once every three months. Micheal receive: All the likes and views he will ever need.
Vsauce, i have a really interesting question plaguing me, let me explain, right in this moment when i type this is NOW for me. now as  i write this seconds later i have a new "now", the now before is false its not true also a thing kind of related to this question: why am i me and not someone else? answer: because you are a brain in space and time thinking those exact thoughts  how could you be someone else? even if you were what happens to the old you? if it stays nothing happens it still thinks "why am i me and not someone else?"  also something i thought i'd put here, i often times think to myself why im thinking things or how and as a result of that i can have mental images of mental states, i dont feel them i just see them,  and one more thing: I think that learning is the brain creating pathways, initially building the bridge is hard, but later you just walk across it with no difficulty, you don't need to build a bridge again,
"The Khala was created in our darkest moment. Only its light was able to bind our people-to give us unity. We are born into it, and when we die, our spirits become one with it." - Grand Preserver Rohana          ....yea its a StarCraft thing you're welcome... xD
VSauce is like braincandy without the negative effects of real candy
Christ, teaming up with bill gates to solve the problems of the world. Wasn’t he just talking about depopulating then planet?? Tf is wrong with you people
Too many people will not watch and listen to this entire video.
This is the most necessary video on YouTube.
So the moral of the story is, your opinion bad our opinion good.
thanks michael
Amazing video
bill gates made him buy windows
"I'm not an elephant" that's what an elephant would say Michael
Really good discussion. I like your reasoning.
did he do this in one take?
hey, its good to be part of the universe with you all.
Spock was right about us all along.
The married riddle was 👌. All elephants are awe-inspiring(given that they're the largest land animals) and therefore awesome imo 👍.
I think the reasoning of Kant is pretty mutch bullet proof. It makes it immoral to take away a persons "freedom", whitch again makes the person contributing to climate change immoral. (because you destroy other peoples environment). That at least is how I remember it (the Kant part)
Damn its nice seeing new V sause episodes.  Keep it up Michael! Or your fans will find you for the sake of a juicy conversation.
"Hey, this is really interesting....       It's another fucking global warning vehicle"
looks like we need a lottocracy
I'm afraid that I stopped becoming smarter and I'm just being more aware of what I don't know or will never know. Loved the video! Yet another masterpiece
Welcome back!!
What about the person who stands up for what is right, even when standing alone? We could easily live in a future where the "common sense" is that the earth is flat. We may have proven over again and again how easy it is to prove it isn't, but the common man is incapable of understanding these concepts. The wisdom of the crowd is worthless when nearly everyone is wrong.
I'm gonna open a new food franchise: ABC BURGER The slogan: "It's logically the best choice!"
The Great Filter destroys species which have their intellect bigger than their humility and compassion
It's funny how people like Bill gates suddenly cares about Climate disaster after making billions of dollar polluting our world. I like the guy but come on...
Michael for president !
5:27 The conspiracy brainlets have entered the comments
Thank you.
Vsauce... How disappointing that you have fallen to the influence of money, you use to have integrity and a real message. Now you're just another cog in the propaganda machine.
Stop bill gates. Psychopaths out!
I start to cry when a vsauce video gets to the end because I know I got to wait 4 months for another one. Quality over quantity though
GREAT EPISODE!
Vsauce, we need you!  Michael, why can't you post more often?  You are an awesome elephant indeed!
I prefer my VSauce a little chunky ;)
Need a 'Awesome-ometer' in next months' Box
Human mind is the most complex thing in the universe  -human mind-
We must have more content
I love the layout of vsauce videos and how he enters random bits of information etc it’s the same as how i think making it super easy to learn
It's wild to think about how one of the biggest benefits of a lottery based jury system is currently hamstrung by a particular bit of knowledge that is considered toxic.  Jury nullification, the idea that jurors can collectively choose to negate laws they consider unjust by ruling contrary to them, is apparently such a bonkers idea to lawmakers, that anyone who has even heard of it will be excluded from juries.  Wouldn't it be better if a jury had the option to take action against unjust laws rather than being forced to implicitly uphold them?
How oddly similar to Warhammer 40K's Imperium of Mankind is this, only WH40K takes it to the absolute extreme? Humanity in that story advanced so far in terms of technology they ultimately fell to complete ruin and regressed into a new "Dark Age" - they had expanded throughout the galaxy, but now so many worlds were lost - and from then on they banned research on new technology, focusing rather on searching for the lost technology in order not to advance too fast to handle it again. It didn't really work, of course, and WH40k is insansly extreme in every regard, but it carries some of the same sentiment just motivated by fear.
I do not trust Bill Gates
Let's take a moment and notice than the entire premise of this video is based in an unknown, "we can't pin point what storms get worst by the release of gases, but it does, trust me" Just another video scaremongering about a "climate catastrophe" that will never happen.
Why the camera keep zoomin in 😶
Love. Love. Love. Love. Loved this episode. Brilliantly summarized all the nuanced thoughts and feelings I've been having this whole year. Thank you, Michael.
Thank you for this input on our society
I think about this constantly. It's the ability to speak your opinion so directly into the ears of anyone, and if you apply a flashy visual or some simulation, it becomes even easier to make others agree. Inevitably, people will always disagree with each other and often spend more time arguing than fixing, leading to a continuous problem. My theory is that eventually it will lead to a breaking point and then socially we will evolve.
glad you're still here sause, we missed ya bruh lol
I am as thick as a (you nominate size) brick. I wish there were graphics to help this talking head make his points
A good classic style of Vsauce video!
where is my mind
This is how i wish the world was and worked, I usualy think people are stupid but working together solves it
We should do what Jorge Luis Borges described on The Lottery in Babylon. Read it.
Very disappointed Michael, Bill Gates is a huge part of the problem
This BOOK is marxist propaganda from a businessman who knows shit about climate
The cosmos is within us. We are made of star-stuff. We are a way for the universe to know itself.
I miss the hard ding and confused face after he says something like if u know what I’m saying lol
The fact that Bill Gates always wants to talk about climate change is ironic because it is his class (the billionaires of the world) which are the leading cause of greenhouse gas production
Wouldn't the randomly elected judges, with an average IQ of 100 don't forget, be greatly desired by advertisers and influencers and thus be influenced to make specific undemocratic decisions?
Persona 5 intensifies
Just like the guy from CNN said, the next big story will be climate change. Watch everyone talking switch to this.
"the brain is a wet lump" hmm okay xD
Please make a video on 'First Principal Thinking'
Michael for member of 2021's Deliberation Jury
A lottocracy seems a quite reasonable thing to do looking at the current state of the world
I bet the 5k dislikes are 5k Trump supporters that don't do Reasoning.
Discord mods when someone says anything about their judgement
Michael should be president, of the entire Earth.
Do. The. Work.
boring
#curfewformen
always love a new video from Michael to make me feel like a soulless little organism :DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
A lottocracy could only be implemented with an education that is universally standardised. The person would have to have at least university degree to be picked, as opposed to an arbitrary age limit for voting. It would otherwise be just an internet voting system where any troll could be chosen without any conscience, integrity or understanding due to a lack of education.
This video for me feels like a very elaborate script to defy karens
Congratulations Vsauce, you have truly earned my Unsubscribe. Making a video in collaboration with a psychopath (aka: Bill Gates), that enough tells me you're nowhere near a smart as people think, or you know what Bill Gates is involved with and you're lying to people, either way it's not a good look. For those who may think I'm too harsh or going too far, remember that the mess the world is in right now (Con-vid scamdemic), Bill Gates has a lot to do with it, and if anyone is interested in proving me wrong, watch this documentary and try to convince me otherwise. https://www.corbettreport.com/who-is-bill-gates-full-documentary-2020/
Nobody , nobody... Me : pausing video again & again and thinking... completing Vsauce's 30 min video in 1 hour.
oh thats why people on the far left and right cant reason  especially the left now a days
booriing
VSauce is like the Tarantino of YouTube - one is event cinema, the other is event video.
So people who follow the mainstream and spew out nonsense about #solidarity, #noHate, #love etc are just doing so because we're all rooted to be social and some people are just a bit slow in the head?
I wish V sauce could do an episode solidifying and quantifying the media manipulation and our inward directed propaganda by our own government. especially with the objectively groundbreaking occurrences with project veritas and the enemies in CNN , NYT & Twitter . These organized liars have been caught manipulating society with propaganda RED HANDED. Seriously go subscribe to James O'keefe and his channel Project Veritas on this platform and all platforms that have not YET censored him... He's hands down 1 of the most important men in America right now!
I hate that magician trick. It’s not proof of anything, just that the parameters of the experiment are completely flawed.   The people are forced to “just answer what they feel” because that’s what the experiment demands as a baseline, regarding logic and real-world limitations. Any person engaging in it would easily be able to tell you that, no actually, they couldn’t tell you why they picked photo A or B, a choice was made because it is demanded. Just looking at a photo tells you nothing, and you retain nothing by looking at a still image of a stranger.   We have been conditioned by popular culture chestnuts and disproven tropey social experiments that we almost exclusively make snap judgements because we are instinctual beings and shallow. And maybe we do to some degree, but the physical person has to interact with you for those millions of extra information signals to be received. You don’t get that from a photo. This experiment gets the intended result because it literally steers you towards it.
Michael may not be an elephant, but he's still awesome <3
Brilliant
Michael is forever
Bring back vsauce music
buy bill gates book, diversity is our strength, kill your unborn babies
Let me talk about the mind - by ignoring all definitions of what the mind is. Also, let me talk about reason without mentioning deliberate and willful sabotage of reason - and naming the parts of society and culture that engage in such sabotage.
Love you Vsauce, fuck bill gates.
3:08 Me and the boys at the gym
This is sooo Interesting!
++++++++++
Anyone else feel the Harvey Dent speech at the end “random is fair”. So good Micheal!!
i have a vision of a future where decisions are made by being exposed to literally every person's idea, it is through expansion of communication and acceptance that this will be possible.
George Washington said the primary role of a government should be the comprehensive education of it's citizens in the science of government.
literally ellsworth toohey's speech from the fountainhead. this video is so evil
Reasoning/intuition based decisions comes from from where you grow up and how you grow up, geography plays a small role, mostly how to see how elder around when u grow up react to situations adding to evolution and making intuition based reasoning our only comfortable choice to take. all this in fraction of seconds maybe some influenced by the 'spooky phenomenon' {Einstein} which can influence small particles light years apart if you know what i mean.
I do not approve of Michael collaborating with anyone, especially Bill Gates. Michael should always stay an independent mind.
Bill Gate's Operating Systems are a climate disaster.  I don't trust him as far as I can throw him.
I have a resoning scenario for you involving stocks.  During a pandemic, a country went on full lockdown. This means people are forced to stay at home. What would happen if people were forced to stay home? You might say 1 or more of these things:   1) People lose their jobs 2) People won't be able to go out or travel 3) People would probably find ways to entertain themselves  Perfect.   Now if those cases would happen, what are the reasoning for people's actions.  1) People would no longer spend a lot of money, they would save or would not try to make any loans. 2) People will not buy fuel, because they are forced to not drive around during full lockdown. 3) People would most likely use internet services and entertainment to keep themselves busy.  Now what are the concequences.  1) Banks doesn't make money from rates if there are less loans to pay off. 2) There will be an overabundance of fuel, because the supply is higher than the demand the price of fuel and fuel providing companies would drop. 3) Because internet services are more use including the entertainment services, all internet services are more likely to make more money.  From those conclusions what stocks are being targeted from this scenario.  1) Banks - losing money 2) Fuel - losing money 3) IT companies - gaining money  When would cause those stocks to revert back to their original price.  1) Lockdown restrictions are removed, people can make jobs and go to work again. 2) Lockdown restrictions are removed, people can travel again. 3) Lockdown restrictions are removed, people are no longer sitting at home and are using IT services to entertain themselves.  When would be the best time to buy these stocks.  1) At the peak of lockdown, where the banks have dropped to the ground and have plateaued in price. 2) At the peak of lockdown restrictions, where not a single soul is allowed to leave and fuel is so cheap that fuel companies are practically giving away their resources for free. 3) When there was hints of a pandemic or while the pandemic was still an epidemic.  When is the best time to sell these stocks.  1) When lockdown is no longer in effect and the pandemic has been dealt with and people are finally getting jobs again and economy is once again stable, or when the price has reverted back to its original amount before the pandemic hit. 2) When lockdown restrictions are lessoned to the extent that people can move around, but must still wear masks, or when the price has reverted back to its original amount before the pandemic hit. 3) At the peak of the pandemic, just after the restrictions when every one is at home and is forced not to leave.  Now we know why a stock would fall and why a stock would go up.  A temporary, but big obstacle that forced the prices down for many and increased the prices for some. However since it is temporary, there is a window of opportunity. When that obstacle goes away, everything goes back to equalibrium.  In other words. Lockdown is like big fat person on bed, makes the bed curve down. If big fat person is removed, bed springs back and gets flat again, just like price of bank. However if person is too big and fat, bed will forever be slightly curved down. Bed can only take so much weight for a certain amount of time.
5:45 when the beat drops
Ohhh Nooooo!!!!  Gates got Michael 🤦🏽‍♂️ Now he has the 5G chip installed    To the people that don't understand sarcasm 🙄  I was being sarcastic, don't get trigger 😂😂😂  But No joke there r actually people that think that way.   Thanks Michael for being as interesting as u r 👍
Deliberation must be had for the sake of everyone, and it will show how ideologically sheltered people have become when in the first rounds they start plugging their ears going lalala, assaulting, or going on to call for cancelling or deplatforming the person they're supposed to be deliberating.
So good i love micheal i hope you live a long healty live and ofc i hope you get everything you want in live
Please, someone give that man a Nobel prize. Seriously, he deserves it 😆
wow makes you realise we dont live in a democracy
12:40 - Was the experiment set-up right? I mean, if you show me sets of 2 women pics and ask "which one would you choose to bang?" I will choose one in each set.  In each set there will be one I "rejected", but (1) it doesn't mean I wouldn't screw that one as well, perhaps nearly just as much as the one I chose in that particular set, and (2) the rejected woman might be more desirable to me than the one I chose in the previous (or next) set.  In the end, when sneaking in a few pics of the rejected women in the pile of pics of women I chose... I might not even notice, because out of those I rejected there are many that I didn't say "no" to in the first place, I just said "yes" to their alternatives.
Man I feel this video is well reasoned :D
This shows how treating politics like right and wrong is very bad. everyone has some reason for what they believe and to not hear them out and just accuse them of being “bad” stops you from finding a better solution to a problem.
Bill Gates is not a good person
He fell into the same hole he described in the first half of the video by advocating for a system with reason which many people will just not agree with. Reason is doomed, world works on interests.
this man truly strikes me as the modern Aristotle. he’s truly brushing hands and his MIND with the Truth of God and it’s beautiful to see how his mind works. praying for the day that Jesus Christ is revealed to him, and then all will make sense to him! keep up the critical thinking sir! encouraging us all to think critically while we can:)
Why do some people pronounce species as speesheez
i wish i watched this before writing my TOK essay
This is the best video you have ever made! Thank you
HEE BARRED UP IN THIS ONE 🔥🔥🔥
The only real problem I see with a lottocracy is that more and more people are getting annoyed with jury duty and want to skip it. It more of a pain than it is a civic duty.
Lol you contradict yourself..if reasoning is done better by a crowd then why are you referring to the theories written by an solo individual to reach a conclusion? For example Einstein did science theories alone which is applicable to all no matter what a crowd things about his reasoning? I don't remember a relevant book or theory which is credited to a crowd...some people have better cognition and it's a fact..but reason is not the only thing that runs the world..there so many other factors..even the whole population can't reason with a natural disaster...what is, it is..this is your first video that I am giving a thumbs down
Ive always tried to explain these topics to myself but this is so well said and put together
This is so good
Oml this man spittin bars this time. He never misses😤
I couldn't even count the logical fallacies in the first 2 minutes. I guess master Bill demanded it.
Pantheism
Dude cmon, its true, all elephants ARE awesome, i dont need an aweso-meter for that
Very sad that conspiracy theorists wont listen to whats being said in this video simply because they got tricked into believing that climate change is a hoax and bill gates is the antichrist. Opposite of reason and logic right there.
Could everything here explain the unity of mutual consciousness everyone has together? And could you have just explained the true human condition, which in turn seems to pertain to something unfathomable in its nature and supraliminal. could you have just proved the existence of a higher plane with reason???? evidence of a higher plane is and was always manifested in everything around us.
Vsauce coming back just to sell us a book?
VSauce should make an episode about people living outside the planet, like in moons of Jupiter. I know, he made one about Mars. Michael said, humans needed to modify their form in order to live in the planet's gravity and thin atmosphere. I really believe that we cannot live outside our planet, unless we found an exact Earth Size planet. Do you agree with this? This must be a topic of conversations because it's about the future of LIFE itself, it's too important.
Mind blowing🙏🙏🙏🙏
What?
I just watched a grown man sit at a table for 30 minutes and make me question my life
How do we solve climate change? Today, I partnered with the man that owns multiple of the biggest 100 companies contributing to 70% of all global emissions.
As long as the people chosen have better support that we give to Jurors.
to hell with bill.  I was a fan of yours for years.. but no longer.  sorry bro.
Thank you for releasing more content.
What an incredible video
This sounds like a blockchain advert 😂😂😂😂😂
He's back! Our lord and savior
Another video, another existential crisis. Thanks Michael.
10:50 Is it weird that I got this puzzle right? Or did everyone get it right
you lost me at where
so something like "AI + social media" ruling the world?
Our mind is a universe, our universe is in gods mind
Vsauce has a lot of good videos. This is not one of them! And the fact that literally 99% of the comment section are just *blind* followers and don't REASON for themselves is just pure iron! And I'm not saying it's bad.. it has it's moments, but overall lots of arguments are in itself sloppy and biased, "truer knowledge" (sure mike, you do you..), and the fact that it ever so slightly incorporates and promotes the ideas of one individual: Bill Gates.
In the Renaissance the Medici used their money to 'educate' people, to make scholars go out and look for ancient texts that show core human values all around europe, to give architects and artists the freedom to create beauty in the cities (and rediscover/invent lost concepts like perspective..), to elevate the way people treat and intellectually interact with each other.  Nowaday the big companies spend their money to... make more money, instead of 'educating' people.. maybe we need a new Renaissance and cause 'the creation of arenas of deliberation and use them to apply reason properly to hyperobjects' just like Micheal said here.
The world was a logical puzzle. To prove  oneself is the One True God was a goal. I've kinda realized I designed you to fail but GG.
But who is peter looking at?
I see what Bill Gates is doing here... except I think it won't take too long into this video for my friend that thinks that Bill Gates is poisoning the water to start hearing only white noise.
Socrates At least to your thinking, Polus.  Polus Yes, and true thinking too.  Socrates Perhaps. But you said, on the other hand, that wrongdoers are happy, if they pay no penalty.  Polus Certainly.  Socrates Whereas I say they are most wretched, and those who pay the penalty, less so. Do you wish to refute that as well?  Polus Why, that is still harder to refute, Socrates, than the other!  Socrates Not merely so, Polus, but impossible; for the truth is never refuted.
When Vsauce uploads once a year but it is your birthday
everybody stfu, Vsauce dropped
Intended message of the video in a sentence: stop using reason and facts to undermine the narrative of my covid policy and embrace the totalitarian message I spread through empathy, and make sure everyone else does the same too.
5(5 fish f  sfeY
What a load of bullchit.
I couldn't help but think throughout the video that he was talking about people on Twitter who believe they have the right and most justified opinion on a topic after they've ratioed someone
The king returns.
always leaving the video with a thought provoking sentence
Where is my mind? Way out, in the water - see it swimming!
As an autistic person though yes when I'm analyzing why a person is upset i do analyze all their micro expressions. So your whole talk seems very NT to me
Faith doesn't care about your facts?
We're all thinking about politics rn aren't we?
I think he did all this in one shot
Never imagined that one day sortition would finally get an audience. Thank you!
This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.”
I feel like he is trying to reason with us
This was a really elegant and unique perspective on tackling this issue
Or is it?
We will someday be the ancients
"Humans have long know of the wisdom of the Krauts." - Danke, Michael!
Any ideas on how we can redesign social media and their algorithms to prevent such biases?
Civilisation was a mistake.
Techosepain !!! Huh
That lottocracy is an interesting idea, but how would you ensure the "jury" gets equally valid input from all sides of the issue, especially ones that are politically incorrect / disagree with pop-culture?
I think the ones that use more energy survive because the universe favors it. Think about it; isn't the purpose of life itself is to use up energy and increase entropy. But if we end up killing ourselves, we won't serve that purpose, so we're correcting course. It could be a hit or miss like many things in nature. And this is just my hypothesis
Rich propaganda!
bravo bravo!
where’s the old sauce music, i do enjoy the long videos however
Anyone have any good books on this topic?
I love how he can simply conjur up books from nothing now
"Prepare for... Unforeseen consequences."
I took a couple logic classes for my philosophy degree. Nightmare. Also, I’ve thought about citizens serving for government, not knowing it had a specific name. Nice
c̳̻͚̻̩̻͉̯̄̏͑̋͆̎͐ͬ͑͌́͢h̵͔͈͍͇̪̯͇̞͖͇̜͉̪̪̤̙ͧͣ̓̐̓ͤ͋͒ͥ͑̆͒̓͋̑́͞ǎ̡̮̤̤̬͚̝͙̞͎̇ͧ͆͊ͅo̴̲̺͓̖͖͉̜̟̗̮̳͉̻͉̫̯̫̍̋̿̒͌̃̂͊̏̈̏̿ͧ́ͬ̌ͥ̇̓̀͢͜s̵̵̘̹̜̝̘̺̙̻̠̱͚̤͓͚̠͙̝͕͆̿̽ͥ̃͠͡
Michael, you just got sold out. You're meat.
Seeing you in small beards is nostalgic
Now, imagine if we could communicate better and faster without using our primitive tools like sounds and letters. Something like a brain machine interface. I think we'll be able to reason better with that
Face card experiment is flawed by design. Discard pile can and likely has people who are ranking higher than some of those who are on acceptance pile. Simple Example in ranking where 10 is best:  - pair 1: person A=10; person B=8.5 (B gets to reject pile)  - pair 2: Person A=4.5; person B=7.5 (B gets into acceptance pile even while it scores lower than previously rejected person) So it is not really test of reasoning. It is test of memory where person has to recognize that extra face been rejected even while they liked it more than others in accepted pile.
Insight from this video: We will have a hard time making AI explainable, as we aren't able to explain the workings of our human neuronal networks.
I am so tired of hearing about bill gates lmao he's not a doctor, a climate scientist, or anything else that his scummy foundation is trying to slither its way into. He developed a programming language, an operating system, and some software. I'll listen to him when I want advice about that, not medicine, the climate, politics, or whatever
This guy reminds me of the holographic doctor from Star Trek Voyager.
"when you take a break from youtube your channel dies"  mikael could break this thing
let's just take a moment to be grateful for living in a time when average humans have access to invaluable knowledge like this. For free.
At 7:07 Vsauce Uncle Ben's the whole earth
Great video and all, but Bill Gates? It's mainly the rich's fault if global warming is a thing, the only real solution is super taxation to non-green industries, if not to nationalize them
Those random people would rely on the "experts" to interpret the data presented to them. That's actually how politicians make their decision (except for Trump who watched TV...). Instead of going for the decision makers, lobbyists would try to corrupt the "experts" and you'd have the same problem...
If you dont support child slavery.. Why do you support China?   If you dont support China.. Why do you support Bill gates?
Lottocracy!!! That's the answer!!
We need the AWESOM-O.
Asking the real questions here
essay
and as always ... thanks for your work !
Dang I've kinda been thinking about this. I've done a bunch of research of what crypto is a why to invest in it. But if a family member asks why they should, I have a hell of a time trying to explain and it's a lot easier to offload them to the video I watched. My spinal fluid leak might have something to do with it as well though
In France in 2020, a “Citizens' Convention” was designated. A group of 150 people chosen at random to decide on France's energy transition policy. 85% of them thought that nuclear power plants emitted CO2. Remember that nuclear energy represents 70% of electricity production in France. It is extremely dangerous to promote the idea of ​​the raffle in politics. Big strategic decisions like energy should be made by experts in their fields.
Wake up babe new Vsauce
Consensus: Climate change is caused by unrestrained consumption in the service of the globally wealthy, and in specific, the extremely wealthy Bill Gates, in a private jet presumably: Hmmm maybe but what if we made a big lottery so that everyone could debate about that
Vsauce has literally shaped my childhood. It's so nice seeing videos from him
Interviewer: Why do you want to work in this company? Me: Oh you see, *Reasoning* has actually evolved for purpose of *socialization.* Humans come to a conclusion first and then provide reasoning to it to make it seem more rational towards the desired audience. And hence, whatever reason I'll provide, it'll be an improvisation.  Interviewer: Get out
I think we should go back to lottery government...
Someday we will all be history, we will someday be the ancients and we can choose what that will mean......
Very glad to hear someone of influence discussing lottocracy/sortition. It solves corruption and cronyism in one fell swoop.
I always finish a Vsauce video staring at my screen with a blank look on my face... I crave for this mental and intellectual stimulation. Imagine a life if I did not think... I can't even bear the thought.
I'm not sure letting 'the people' rule and make laws is a good idea, considering the shit the UK got itself into with Brexit...😅
hey vsauce
I'm not convinced that discussing issues in small groups with people who disagree with me would solve anything, we could make the first group reasoning day about whether it's a waste of time or not and maybe I'll change my mind lol
forest fires were hotter in the 30s than they are now.
I also don't trust the intelligence of random people though.
21:27 Crowd reasoning: Il reminds me this great Monthy Python sketch... https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=rf71YotfykQ
When I asked the Paul, Mary and Peter question to my younger cousin,  I got following reply:  Mary is married to Paul but she is not interested in him anymore that's why she is looking at Peter - So, the answer is YES.  - Now that is some reasoning indeed.  🤣What's the future of reasoning???
Yes, but where did his watch go?
imagine thinking that billionaires will fix anything
it's really a good time to release this video, in the mid time of the covid virus, surrounded by all sort of conspiracy theory, antivax, earth flatters, and recently the usa capital storm, and the worsening issue of global warming.
it feels really awkward these days after watching such incredible videos. I mean, this is great content, it makes you feel good. But at the same time, it worries me a little. Are we consuming these concepts and ideas with so much ease, understanding it so easily, but ends up not thinking and digging into things ourselves. I feel the need to "Be" Michael rather than simply "consuming" Michael's mind. It could be just me.
I have a elephant named Michael and he is Awesome
Wesauce
This one is an Eye opener, in many senses. A lot of it tied in my mind lose edges about reason that were troubling me for decades. However, re. lottocracy - i’m concerned. Esp. because of the time and effort it would take to load on to the mind of a - random selected intellect - all the context required to make an well informed decision, not to mention just (e.g. the trolly). Between peer pressure against the uninformed and lobbying that moves from the decision makers to the staff that researches for them and/or sets their agenda - too much could go wrong.  I’m not giving a total reject - but I do feel the formula must improve a lot to become viable, and hence express concerns that a balanced format would be too complicated for the capabilities we now demonstrate as a species.
Good content :)
Michael might not be an elephant. But he IS awesome. That's a fact.
You remove the background sound and you loose half of the viewers 😂
The answer to this problem is self interest and greed, prevents reasons rule.
don't so casually tear my whole world down
Oh you work with Bill gates? No thanks he started covid.
You can measure someone’s awesome level by how many dogecoins they got
The last 15 seconds of music sounded John Carpentery
No way!!!!!
Man I’ve missed ya bud.
*MOST IMPORTANT VIDEO ON THE INTERNET* Idk how many people actually understood even 25% of what he said, how many were here just for memes or whatever reason. But even if only 10 people understood what he said and put forth, I am more than satisfied. This was pure gold. Would love a follow up video on this.
I have yet to watch this video but, I know that if I disagree with it: it’s mostly likely because you think kids are defined by their biological genders, racist, and will one day spit lead on a elementary school campus
that was a tough one! had to watch it 2-3 times with pauses and backwards... So, lets give a thumbs up to the most thumbs up comment without reasoning... Is Vsauce a modern philosopher?
sending this to the flat earthers
This was an excellent thought experiment. I think about this often, but it's difficult to keep such a coherent focus for long enough to reach conclusions, it's just too complicated a topic. This was a really awesome, coherent talk on such an abstract concept, with a lot of incredibly important lessons in it. We should be made to watch this video once a month to make us more understanding of the way we think.
fantastic work mr.sauce
"Hey! Vsauce, Micheal here." will never get old.
Wtf? I really thought Vsauce stopped uploading like 3 years ago. Yet to my surprise he uploads more regularly then other youtubers I watch constantly. The fuck?
I totally support the idea of a lottocracy, but only on the condition that Michael gets to be one of the experts guiding the aleatory decision-makers
bill gates is a evil oligarch
amazin
What is reasoning is an excellent question. Great video
This is number 42 on Trending, at the moment.
Just needs a casino ad at the end.
MICHAEL ISNT AN ELEPHANT?!
Never had my mind blown quite like in this video
The Return of The King
V sauce is the OG
Could you use 10:30 puzzle to illustrate quantum computing principle? xD
Epic
Let's take a second to appreciate the absolutely magnificent writing behind this video
There seems to be an assumption here that we are all reasoning with good intentions. I might believe A and you might believe B but we both want the best for society or the planet or whatever it is that we're discussing. But what if one of us is reasoning for personal gain. I might be a factory owner who gives good reasons why I can't reduce pollution because I actually want to maximise my profits.  Motives were never considered in this video.
I bet this is the best Michael's video ever. Thanks
Vsauce is doing the work of Bill Gates and Monsanto.
“Lol techno-sapient” another word for cyborg
This is the channel.
REASON also causes wars, genocides, death, terrorism, and loss of earth's ecosystem.
i am 100% sure that someone will crop the "no , i am not an elephant" part and take it outta context
We use to watch this channel with awe, but now, Michael, your name which means Who is like God? Are in complete ignorance of your own name. Natural disasters increased in these recent years ain't scientific per se. It is the warnings and punishment from the Maker who you, I and them represent visually who keeps us alive everyday, yet we do not honor Him who is our Parent, The Father and Mother who is One, and Whose Son came down and took away our curse with a GLOBAL YEAR SYSTEM to honor His action, who else has such global influence like the Global Year system. If He is not real, why do you even write the year for? The End Times had already begun, if you have ears.
Your brain is do big that my brain can't even
Democracy should work representitavly. And in places democracy works proper, that is exactly how it is done. However, if instead of putting someone in power who represents your ideas, you just choose a temporarly ruler, thats when democracy starts to fall appart.
*Italians: "The Future of Seasoning"*
Gordon Ramsay's version of this would we "Future of seasoning"
Missed you
Oh yeah, vsauce is back, baby!
Ahhh, love it, this is not new vsauce, tell me you think this corrupt mofos will let us just decide on shit? The world is corrupt and taken by evil people. It's easy for americans to think this, but the rest of the world is 100s of years behind, we just starting the war against corruption.
BEST ONE YET
If you keep an open mind, this video is just one of thousands that explain why aliens are not mainstream and why we only see them from afar and only have whistleblower testimonials:  https://www.bitchute.com/video/aFoZK41myOAc/
where can I find the thumbnail for a wallpaper?
Hello from Vietnam and your subtitle is different from what you say. Would you mind change your subtitle?
Yeah but you'll have to exclude people with low iq and spychopathic tendencies for election. Because if it's random, we could get a goverment of morons and evil men.
So many people forget that reasoning and logic are two different things. Just like opinions and proof are different things. And intretations and conclusions are two different things.
Computer programmers have discovered this long a go. Open-Source programming model is the best way for governing the society. Every single member can make a decision and it would be applied if the whole accept it.
i zoned out for like 4 minutes near the end and have absolutely no idea what he's talking about now
Vsauce is the god level redditor.
Idk how, but you got r/anarchism riled up
"It feel like Reasoning should be able to help here." Me: Yes. "Help". Not solve though.
what he’s saying just sounds too good to be true. sigh.
wow
Wow i actually learned a lot and learned a bit about myself
Taking some time out to talk amongst each other. Almost like a family. Who would have thought?
shame about Bill Gates weird eugenics bullshit
This is Michael's "Content Cop" on political figures
Humans are so primitive. They base so much on their human experience senses vision taste smell it creates the world within a box. So much is going on outside your base reality, it’s unfortunate the power structure will not allow you to see.
all these years later, the vsauce theme drop still be hittin'
I'm out, goodbye Jayhawker. You have passed to Gates of Hell.
The moment vsauce said he teamed up with bill gates, he lost a ton of respect and credibility...
This guy is going in the history books as the new age philosopher
Another amazing video :'3
Beware of social engineering and being a pawn of those who wish to provide you new ideas to be displayed on your platform at the possible benefit to their private agendas. Primarily, those in power who have more influence on medical vaccines than anyone in this world and is silently buying farmland within the world to attempt a hazardous project to dim the sun.     Consider, also, this same individual for some reason has helped in blocking the release of today's vaccine patents for COVID to other nations in need, like India, for no particular reason other than speculations of either money or, primarily, design. What reason does any individual or entity possess to block the manufacturing schema's of a vaccine that is considered safe to other countries in need during a worldwide pandemic? Altruism has never looked so necessary.   Reason, Michael. Reason.
Fantastic video, life is short and time is precious
Man I hope you decide to put out these videos more often. There's been a shortage.
"No, i am not an elephant." -Micheal 2021 11:33
U find a root of the cause and solve the problem with reason n logic. If bill gates had just one billion can change the world already in a way that everyone on the world see. A impact can happen if he wanted just like he made Microsoft how it change the world
"The slaughter of millions usually begins with the simple dream of a better world."
Hegel would like to have some words with you!
That lottocracy thing is a great idea. Way better than the system we have now, where "free choice" means picking one of two people the media puts in front of you.
Reasoning is a group effort and not force. Those with money abuse their power without the ppl and for earth 🌍  even have biases are used for for marketing schemes to get someone bought. N no bill gates is not for us.
If we continue at this rate for much longer then we will get hit with that great filter. It's obvious to see but hard to stop.
In France there were an assembly of person chosen randomly to decide ecological laws for the country, and it was said that it was good decisions by scientists. But it was decided by the gouvernement (that has organized the assembly) that it was not possible to apply. If you are interested in this, try to look for « Convention citoyenne pour le climat »
Number 42 On trending
LETS GO VSAUCE
and as always thanks for watching
I feel like a big part of this also appeared in the book “Why Buddhism is True,” by Robert Wright, especially the part discussing reason as a way of demonstrating fitness to your social group, and how this was probably evolved as a necessary part of being in a social species. I think one of the terms used was “beneffectence.” We want people to believe we’re beneficial and effective, and not knowing why we do things is not conducive to that, so we have reasoning as a way of explaining our choices (at least in part).
You described a jury.
Enlightenment: Man's release from self incurred tutelage - Victor Frankl
Oh yeah that hits the spot.
So fascinating
15:42 for me personally, I tend to pick the ones with less features, because I assume that the features that i actually need, work better alone
Vsauce
I find this interesting as the reach of concensus is similar to a blockchain. The more amount of nodes the more concensus that will happen.
3:00 yeah... no. As someone who lived in Australia during the recent and previous bushfires. And through the internet and -as this video implies- it's ability to outsource recording the past instead of using mental capabilities to do so, "Extreme" weather is just unique measurements of a particular event. Everything is unique in an extreme way if you measure it in a way nobody else ever has.   I am now beginning to see that the transition between concepts that this channel is known for is actually just sophism for the purpose of virtue signalling.  I'm exiting stage right.
Chills. Literal chills.
It's hard to believe how far we came from our origins in the last 15 years alone.
you're still the best youtuber there is.
Pile of people they picked is a great phrase
For someone so smart you really don't get how we are not animals. That's what makes us different. We are fearfully and wonderfully made by God. We are based off the image of the first man, Adam, who was made in the image of God. God made animals different than us. Also, Don't even try to disprove God using science. Science is based on the physical universe. God made the physical universe therefore with logic God cannot be disproven and fathomed. I say this as both a scientist and a Christian. Vsauce take notes.
capitalism is the hyperobject, we need to end it
To be fair, Athens isn’t really anything to write home about nowadays. And I do like the idea of making America a true democracy, but if it’s such a good idea, why did Athens not make better decisions than any other state? I mean look where it got them... not anywhere that everyone else didn’t get to. It had the same outcome. But perhaps in today’s age of communication and social media and self expression, it might work better for us. After all, it’s really hard to corrupt everyone... okay actually it’s not that hard, but it’s harder than corrupting fewer amounts of people.
Climate change is an irrational conclusion based on zero facts and zero science... at least not on any real fact based science.  Science comes from controlled experimentation results that are conclusive. However, science only works when the people doing the science are honest.  The people doing climate science are not honest so climate science is not science, it is rather what we call pseudoscience, or junk science.  This is not an opinion, it is a fact that can be proven by investigation of the evidence.  Think of it like a criminal investigation where we assume everyone is lying until all the facts can be proven.  Do this, and you will come to the same conclusion that climate science is unreliable junk science.  Also, you can't disagree with me unless you actually do the investigation just like I did, so go ahead, do your investigation. Only then will you know if climate science is real... or bunk.  Enjoy.
Aldous Huxley said back in day that one day people will rely on the media to do their reasoning for them. I think that’s exactly where we are today... very scary.
So by inferring that we are on a path of destruction that by all accounts is not going to be diverted or changed (as it would require cooperation on a scale unseen before in human history), the reasonable course of action would amount to making your own surroundings as comfortable and enjoyable as possible (as any attempt otherwise would prove futile)?  If I'm understanding correctly, we find ourselves in a pretty dark situation.
Michael you had me gaga at your infinity and the supertask videos but this, the future of reason is not only mind expanding but timely.   Ty Michael for the amazing lessons through the years.   Ps when future civilizations quantum recreate you   i hope your made a intergalactic deliberation juror.
Well, you almost lost me at Bill Gates.
What about Ramanujan? He was not the best at proofs but somehow the intuition of mathematics seems to have blossomed within him. Reasoning is quite abstract to talk about 🤔
Hold on babe Vsauce just posted
It’s about time for empathy to be taught in society. Thinking about others is the best way to help progress everyone, including oneself.
This is straight up propaganda.... the background music is the tell.
Vsauce, the only channel that can make you rethink you're entire concept of world order, government, and who you are in 30 minutes.
#42 on trending, I knew this vid would be the answer to everything, but damn.
learnt far more knowledge  from Vsauce rather studying from my high school.
this video is FANTASTIC to show, and as a reminder, on how toxic internet debates and cancel culture has become. It might just be because how our minds are wired, but as humans we also have the power of REASONING to remind ourselves that it's not how it should be. thank you Vsauce.
16:00 that book really came out of nowhere huh
Love how in the elephant example Michael's awesomeness is never brought into question
One of the most blatant examples of conformation biased I saw was when someone at my middle school chess club said there's a black square on the bottom right of the board. I then said it's actually the white square on the bottom right and he proceeded to image search"chess board" and scrolled past 40 pictures before finding one that aligned with his belief and used it as proof.
the "old saying is history is a great teacher, someday we will be teachers because someday we will be history"  Loved it
How about we all collectively decide at random that Michael should be running the U.S
We missed you papa
vsauce is scientific spoken word
other people- collab with their friends  Vsauce- collabs with Bill gates
CNN be like: is this a personal attack or something.
"Logic can only be a partial tool." Hear that Bobby? Git' outta here.
i still cannot believe my mans made an appearance on human cake
Michael wore this same shirt when he said prime numbers for 3 hours straight
Vsauce, the modern-day Socrates!
All I know is that I want to make world better for ppl somehow 🙃, hell I’ll donate my live body put a little gizmo thing in me I don’t care.
I really think Michael has improved a lot in his research and his understanding of the world. Very impressive to see the evolution over the years. 💪🏻
This isn't just Vsauce's best video. This might be one of the most important videos since the start of the information age
Michael always says,”hey VSauce, Michael here.” The way he says that presents the idea that VSauce isn’t actually VSauce, this man is Michael, and he is addressing us as “VSauce.” We are not US anymore, we do not exist, we are just schizophrenic images that Michael’s mind creates to keep himself happy as we are forced to watch him slowly become more and more insane in his padded holding cell.  EDIT: I am not sure what the universe is anymore, for I have learned too much for my tiny brain to handle. Michael has created the Earth in his mind as a way to find some sort of control. While he gains power, I lose life throughout my body. I am scared, I do not want to die, but does it matter? It’s all just a simulation. I must go somewhere else where I can escape Michael. Maybe he is insane, or maybe I am. I’m not sure whether to save Michael from this living nightmare, or myself from the truth. I cannot speak much longer, HE has found me..
*Beginning of the video:*  _"Where is your mind?"_  I DON'T KNOW MICHAEL 😭  *End of the video:*  Inertia... Elephants... ABC Burgers... Coupons!... Jellybeans... Sick burns... Lottocracy... Oligarchic... Vsauce...  *My god...* _of course_ 🤯
/r/ forums have left the chat.
did this man just upload?
OMG - ANOTHER Gates commercial.
Bill Gates is cringe
Keep in mind the reason (pun intended) we make decisions and values based on a social contract with other people. Without community there is no purpose for morals and reason
@1:58 he reaches down for the organ he uses to reason and i got excited
"The Great Filter" A made-up thing that gives peace to those people who are too dense to realize: We are all alone.  and thats why i think aliens exist.
Johnathan Haidt came really went deep on this. Moral Foundations Theory.
reject demo c. return to lotto c.
ive been watching for a very long time and you've gotten me to watch other science/philosophy channels. its because of you that ive begun to be able to keep up with what you say.
going to rewatch this for sure
Our Manifesto  Have you ever wondered about the fate of our species? We exist in a time unlike any other; a time where man can go beyond the tyranny of flesh and embrace a new tomorrow. We share the belief of a manifest destiny for our species, a future where human instrumentality evolves into a form beyond our crude flesh and blood. The next evolution is near, A coming together of man and machine. A synthesis greater than the birth of the human organism.  This is the Singularity. The God in the Machine.  Many cultures predict an end to humanity in the near future, a final Armageddon that will end the world; but we disagree.  We know the future of man. Join us. Understand the path that unfolds before our species. Grow beyond the bounds of flesh and blood.  Embrace the Singularity!
26:25 The problem with this idea is the fact that 95% of the public have been indoctrinated to think How the Cabal wishes them to think.  So any decision they would come to is already predesigned by that indoctrination.
i don’t know why, but Vsauce episodes = stranger things episodes
Should have read How To Lie With Statistics
Just go with Bill Gates's plan to decimate the world population. People are a problem for those in power because they have to keep throwing the sheeple a bone. If they can limit the amount of people, it's less problems for them.  There's your Malthusian solution you were looking for.
Hey Michael, Vsauce here.  I'm going to tell you why Mob Justice is best justice.
This Vsauce video is really well done and probably my favorite one. The fact that people in a crowd can guess how many jelly beans in a jar together just absolutely blows my mind(seriously that’s crazy) . I hope that in the future we can excel in this non bias group think and continue to improve together as a whole
I scrolled all they way back to this man's first video (which took way less time than expected) and WOW! The change is dramatic. His thumbnails back then would make a granny blush
the future of reasoning was in yahoo answers and now its gone 😔😔😔
"Technology is making life better for humanity!... Sponsored by Bill Gates" I really expected more from VSauce, doesn't take much time to research alot of the harm the Gates Foundation has been doing in Africa or his very questionable involvement in Big Tech profiting from Covid. Or more genuinely that so much tech still uses child and slave labour or corporate backed fascist coups. This genuinely bummed me out to see from what I consider to usually be a very good source.
this video was amazing. i appreciate the philosophy herein. and im always thinking of these things. i find myself in a constant bubble of existentialism with which i ponder what it means to be a part of now. and what it will mean to be part of then. as a whole. im grateful that we can use the group mindedness of our own humanity to further our understanding of ourselves. even if its simply through a youtube channel. creating a personal bias through media to make people pontificate why they are. is possibly the best way to get them to ponder who they will be. and that is very important in the now
Are you fucking kidding me? I stopped watching as soon as you mentioned Gates. Bye.
or you can be our leader Michael
“The crowed” is now “the chat”. Such a great tool.
Ranked voting is the feasible answer, this lottocracy you speak off would require something like a civil war to establish.
Up from around 7:40 Michael just straight up drops some fire bars
If we keep getting divided by made up race wars on tv then we won’t be able to reason lol.
*sigh* I thought I was going to like this video. The social theory of reasoning is interesting to be sure but I think it ultimately is inferior to the intellectual theory of reasoning. Also if there's a bias that bare's examining it's the bias of methodological naturalism.
We should have a class in school called Vsauce
I miss vsauce. Welcome back
You were smart not to say "climate change," "global warming," "carbon dioxide," or "greenhouse gases," but you did say "Bill Gates" which was slightly self-defeating.
Stupid video. The mind is in the brain. End of discussion.
What, not a single jump into the frame from below?
Yaasss
God these subtitles are terrible, pay me to do this instead vsauce
Similar reasoning led me to 2 ideas. 1) Select law enforcement officers at random, just like juries. The problem isn’t training, it is the biases that many drawn to law enforcement bring with them and are not an accurate representation of the population at large. 2) Similar to small group deliberation discussed in the video, use our social reasoning and tribe-scale tendencies to form a new type of representative government. Everyone joins a “tribe” of ~100 people and each tribe elects a representative to the larger scale government. This would bring the scale down to a level where actual debate could happen. Also interesting opportunities to promote equality by mandating/incentivizing through tax breaks etc certain features of tribes, e.g. income and wealth distribution must be representative, certain professions must be included (so everyone has a doctor and lawyer and teacher etc  in their social network). Our social networks are so imbalanced there is no real way to promote a healthier and more just society without making the future more like the past as Michael suggests.
29:33 thanks but im already a legend
One of the fruits of reason is civilization.  Civilization is when humans band together and organize things and build some infrastructure to protect people from the dangers of nature.  As reason continues letting us figure out more, we reduce and eliminate diseases, put vicious animals on the other side of walls, build shelters from the elements, make complex plumbing and filtration systems to deliver clean, fresh water, expand our ability to grow food, etc.  Over time, there are fewer and fewer dangers from nature threatening people.  This protection extends to everyone in the civilization, even people who completely reject reason as the only legitimate means of figuring out the world.  Since reason requires effort and expending energy,  and trusting intuition that develops from brute association requires much less, the number of people who elect not to engage in reasoning grows over time.  They suffer no significant problems in doing this, as the infrastructure built by students of reason continues to protect them.  Eventually, as the number of anti-intellectuals grows, it becomes increasingly difficult to get public support for expanding and improving the infrastructure that protects everyone.  After that, as anti-intellectualism continues to grow, it becomes impossible to even get public support for maintaining the infrastructure.  Eventually, the infrastructure begins to fail and the dangers that had been protected against once again threaten people.  You might think that at this point, there will be a realization that we already have the solution for this and the delusion will wear off.  That is not the case.  Those who will not reason (everyone can, but whether they will or not is up to the individual) will double-down.  They will blame the remaining operational parts of the infrastructure as the cause of the danger, and use it to justify wider public efforts to actively dismantle the infrastructure.  This will continue until every last bit of it has been destroyed or removed.  At that point, humanity will return to its 'base state', once again in harmony with nature... racked with disease, flinching at superstitions, slogging through the mud, and killing each other over whose god is stronger.
Holy crap, I know youtube comments are usually pretty bad, but what is going on here? Bill Gates hate? Hate on Michael for being political? I'm not sure I can make sense of this
Poster boy for technocracy/ Brave New World.
When considering making sacrifices for the benefit of future generations be aware that they DON'T EXIST NOW, AND MAY NEVER EXIST!  and even if they do, they may be people you wouldn't wish well.
The future of reasoning is not arguing with dishonest people :)  When your counter agrument goes along "but what is reality anyway", you're not looking for solutions, you're just stalling.
Man I wish I was an elephant so I could be awesome. Idk
Yall share this video before we get filtered out the universe ye?
Cool idea for a video is exploring why humans when told they act one way wanna prove they act another. For example watching these videos I always try to prove to myself " why I am different and I was right from the beginning" or just different from popular opinion.
Damnit, I love Vsauce
5:43 wow. that question hit so deep i got anxious
My mind always feels strange after a vsauce video
Honesty = Truth
Finally a sustenance it has been too long
Thank you.
BBCs are nice the is also weather is nice therefore, weather is a BBC.      forecast = foreskin
So the answer to everything is the average of what everyone believes
Empathy and Human Centered exploration of problems is what we’re finding is the key to “wicked problems”. Things that are complex. Working together, collaboration, testing things we think my work then changing when we learn things rapidly.
Oh hey Vsauce uploaded Time to question all of society for approximately two days and then go back to normal
This guy is really underrated we should make students watch is videos in classroom all over the world
Cool
WHAT THE FUCK VSAUACE, AFTER SO GODDAMN LONG, I MISSED YOU
I haven't watched Vsauce in like 4 years, yet we still have the same background music. Legend.
20:50 you mean like blocking out the sun?  Bill gates should watch this video
"These mistakes seem more like features." So my mind is a Bethesda game!
>"The future of reasoning" >"Climate Change®"
An argument for Lottocracy. I dig it.
Lottocracy actually sounds like a great government. Too bad it will never happen because the elites will never let it happen 🤷‍♂️
I fucking love you, dude... these are the things that keep me up at night and unquenchably insane at day.
Michael for world president 2021
Bro holup where is the ads I want to give this man money. Pls don't tell me he got demonotized.
Michael should be the President of the US
National deliberation day doesnt sound so bad
One thing I noticed is in cold climates, there is seasonal depression. But with global warming, I was wondering if a worsening climate can affect moods as well. What if hotter and hotter temperatures cause people to lose patience and be a lot more "hot" headed? Which can affect how we feel and communicate towards each other?
Im getting fearful of vsauce videos but i cant stop watching them
Michal is like the last philosopher left and we love him
You can't prove to me that you aren't an elephant without a genetic test.
With out talking about politics, he's talking about politics  Is Michael talking about politics?
*You always enlight me.*
14:20 In one second Michael describes autistic masking and then invalidates it.
He just destroyed facts and logic with facts and logic. Ironic that he's working with bill gates tho  jokes aside I had thought of and about lottocracy before, just didnt know there was a term for it. My only worry is that it may still be vulnerable to tyranny of the majority, since a sort of majority group is more likely to have members picked.
what is this thing called "remembering"
The problem with lottocracy is that a big group of lone or lazy thinkers can be manipulate by a small grup of people. As example, small tribes tend to follow their leaders without questioning the reason to do that. It was just the way they learned and were taught to follow.
As a fellow Kansan, I've loved your work over the years. it has always pushed me to expand my mind.
This may be the best video on the internet
I've believed in the idea of government being run "by the people, for the people" for the longest time, I'd not heard it called lottocracy before, but yeah, it would just come around in the same way jury duty does. It's as you said earlier in the video that it smooths out the overall opinions to reach the point of compromise. Currently our governments are such a mess, it basically doesn't matter who you vote for since they all tend to come from the same backgrounds, born into money, all went to the same schools etc, smoothing out the opinions of people who only represent a small proportion of the whole is never going to work in the long run, we need proportional representation and/or enable normal people to more directly weigh in on topics
Earth is flat and J toland media proved it.
100 years from now the internet we know today will be the legacy of dead people
Brain melted, thanks Michael
Your brain, our brains have cortex and medulla to process for your reasoning.
14:10 - But ... but I do?
I love your videos soooo much, Thank you Thank you Thank you. For those of us with our third eye opened this is so thought provoking!
Isn’t this dude supposed to be getting bit by an ant I’ve never heard off
I don't know about that wisdom of the crowd thing as it pertains to guessing jellybeans in a jar; I once won a similar contest in a school fete by being exactly one away from the correct number, I doubt the average of everyone's guesses was closer than that! It wasn't jellybeans, it was individually wrapped chocolates, but I arrived at my guess by counting how many were visible along the three axes (it was a square-ish jar) to work out how many one should expect within the volume. Maybe my recently-diagnosed autism brain helped in that regard, but it remains one of my proudest moments to this day and I never miss an opportunity to retell the story😅
Modern political polarization and the trend to silence opposition through cancel culture will ensure that reason never gets to come into play for the good of the many. Thus we are sewing the seeds of our own destruction. Hopefully, things will change for the better.
Nobody is talking about it but I took this video as michael low-key suggesting a new system for the entire planet. Too bad it's a more utopian idea, I think the human race is simply too flawed at this point. Maybe we can try this after the next big flood
Some typos on the English subtitles.
V-sauce *sees security camera at the bank he's about to rob*  In his head: " well I can't stand infront of a camera without saying hey guys Michael v-sauce here"  "Hey guys Michael v-sauce here, and well I'm about to rob a bank, but not just any bank this one right near my house, and then I'm done here I will hideaway in my shed"  In his head: *Oh sh-- I did it again*
Worst video from vsauce
This entire video is a reason for a lottocracy, neat
Let's all thank Michael for building his own crucifix. Twitter is gonna see him dropping some mad facts and lose their crap XD May God have mercy on your soul
Bill Gates' new book is garbage. How do people not see this?
did michael just defeat bipartisanship?
Michael rules so hard.
What an amazing and refreshing video with a light of hope for the world at the end! I really love and support the idea of a lottocracy! An idea that seems new and different; a seemingly an ultimate form of democracy!
A related unfun fact: If humans really will exist long term (millions, billions, trillions of years), the probability of you being born during the first few centuries of rapid technological development is basically zero.
" *Where is your mind* "                    ~.Vsauce (2021)
you raised me micheal, thank you for teaching me.
We live in a society
Me at the beginning of a vsauce video: Completely engaged listening to everything he says. Me at the end: uhhhhhhhhh what’s going on.
jamming from 5:48 dont even know what hes saying
245 reasons Eratosthenes was wrong: https://youtu.be/c4i49EP1Ekc  Try and reason that Michael.
You lost me at Bill Gates.
‏Those who hearken to their Lord, and establish regular Prayer; who (conduct) their affairs by mutual Consultation; who spend out of what We bestow on them for Sustenance 38- Ash-Shura “ The Holy Quran “  Sorry V-sauce, Muslims already know that.
has anyone ever made a brain model out of tofu
Using your rationale whose to say what is or isn't reasonable when defining the  phrase "beyond reasonable doubt"?
Sorry to see Michael getting into politics.
Thanks for showing.
If someone told you climate change is propaganda would you believe them?
best climate disaster caution video I've watched
Babe wake up new VSauce video 😍😍
I disagree.
Sorry but what the fuck does Bill Gates know about climate change?
the return of the king
Why this man not a world leader?
people who dislike the videos, how do u feel?
Hey, Vsauce, Michael here! I am a sellout!
you are explaining quantum mechanics
Bill Gates is a eugenicist
This video is extremely political without being political.
Fantastical climate claims and little to no science to back it up... my how far Michael has fallen. There's no evidence whatsoever that severe weather events are increasing or will do so. Disappointed.
As an ant it's so hard to see the wisdom of the crowd.
I’m only 53 seconds in, but this mind train you’re taking me on could very well end with me ready to transfer my brain into a computer. Vsauce indeed.
Is Michael suggesting a democratic uprising?
This is probably he's best vsauce video and we probably won't know it
Concrete is around 6.9 degress celsius warmer than the same area as grass...
Awesome-ometer
A - rat - a - stheen - eez.....HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA
"Technosapiens" that's such a good way to do it and will be proven so until the end of times.
Absolutely incredible video that really frames many of my own thoughts in a way I might not have ever considered. Never one to disappoint Michael.
It seems to me that our having evolved in such a way that seems antithetical to our getting past this filter, IS one of the perimeters of the filter. The challenge isn’t ‘find solutions to the problems’, it’s ‘find the solution to ourselves’.   Or whatever. Nothing is real lol
0:03 Michael: ZA WARUDO! TOKI WO TOMARE!
Well done.
I feel inspired to get back onto my project, thank you Michael
The problem is capitalism. It ruins everything. All problems can be traced back to capitalism
wow. michael went full progressive. i hope the payout was worth it.
You had me until you partnered with that psychotic bill gates
One of my most prevailing mantras has been: "I do what I must." This is usually given in response to somebody complimenting or thanking what I have done. This episode creates darker implications of that mantra...
what I understand from this, is that the smart dude is the one that can replace 4 or 5 « for example » average dudes when it comes to solving a problem
Ahh the return of the King. Michael back again for our annual Vsauce conference.
"Some Technosalvation is on the horizon" EMPOROR OF MANKIND CONFIRMED. PREPARE TO JOIN THE RANKS OF THE ASTARTES
Decentralized Reputation Networks
14:13 the autistic people are sweating
Fun fact: Struggling only makes the pain worse...     And that, kids, is why you never reach your hand up into a vending machine
I’ve loved every Vsauce video... until this one. This video doesn’t feel like the philosophical journey that other Vsauce videos have been. It feels like a shallow proponent of left-wing interest.
This is one of the best videos ever. And a punch to all those "Debate bros".
So we are the Borg. Ok.
School online class❌ Vsauce online class✔
5:24 My man.
Vsauce will go down as one of the great philosophers of our time. His best video yet
So smart
❤️❤️
Science and Psychedelics, the base in a healty mind
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago He left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, Your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do these things, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife  .   You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make.   Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 );  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’  .
the group the hive you could call it say what you think we can all use reason to find a solution by the crowd
I like this video
thought that we saw this man giving away facts for pennys
Who else was waiting for the Vsauce music to kick in? 😂 5:48
what was the image at around 6:30 when he said rock the boat too much, thanks
this video literally blew my fucking mind.
Nice job selling out to Bill Gates, Michael.
i wish youtube would let me play at like 90% speed so i could watch for longer without it being too slow
I'll get right back to you on that awesome-ometer
Subjective reasoning, is that a thing? Anyways, right on Michael 👍Great stuff here😎😎 yes, I still use emojis  lol
Love your videos Vsauce!
After watching this vid the only thing i can say is "Welcome to the Technocratic Union, citizen".
Warming and cooling periods have happened thru out all of Earth. Even extremes and we are still here. Change is good. Those who adapt will survive and often thrive as conditions change. Mars in a few years because Elon. Nothing permits fascism, not even your/they perceived "crisis"
Humans have an apparently infinite capacity to rationalize anything at all regardless of how completely irrational that might actually be.
I failed the logic test, I am not worthy of Vsauce viewership!
The bit about intuition halfway through felt like it was straight out of "Thinking, Fast and Slow"
If you are interested in discussing lottocracy join   r/lottocracy
This video maxed out the *AWESOME-OMETER*
4:30 i'd like to add a caveat to your statement. As someone who is autistic, while not those exact things, i have done things similar to them in the past to try to figure out if someone is upset
Oh man you destroyed my mind, repaired it and destroyed again
watched 5 minutes...another famous person telling me how to live...shocker
Thank you for charing this for free <3
I could’ve used this video two week ago for essay I had to do
5:48 Put this music over literally anything, and you know shits getting real
So many interesting points, but not one mention of how social pressure or malicious actors within The Crowd can result in The Crowd making/coming to illogical or self-destructive decisions/conclusions. Remember the story of Jesus and Barabbus? The issue of confirmation bias of a crowd was also never addressed. What about when most or all members of a crowd are predisposed to make self-destructive decisions? Or, more realistically, what about when the decision that a crowd comes to negatively affects those that disagree? (I suppose that last question is more of a moral one.)  Humans are emotionally-driven glorified monkeys. Most of us are incapable of reasoning beyond confirming what we want to believe or what we have been told by an authoritative source. If this was false, then the only differences in individual conclusions would be those caused by a difference of values and knowledge. However, cognitive dissonance exists.
What is this stupid. Housing makes storms that kill people but living with out housing is fine. Not like that doesent kill any one... The kindergarden logic is amazing. Turns out all planets die anyway. Almost like evolution does stuff that makes us survive. Still we do so good you are still around, reason that. I can conclude we have failed much.. thats how it works.. how about that. Gotta confess only got to min 17 cus the we do so bruh.. or ball hit in head, head hurts, in there for helmets for all. Comon man. You know.
that's a nice greenscreen
That's why we need the dislike count on comments.
Follow my business Instagram and win a FREE designer handbag when you like a post follow and then dm with a screenshot! Only one winner will be randomly picked in a raffle!  Instagram  @Themainco.com_
My life mission is to prove behavioral inertia/entropy is reversible
Was about to turn it off the moment you mentioned bill gates. . .why did you ruin such a neat video with his involvement?
what if we were brought back, what if we are in simulation, what if we are massive experiment about social collaboration and reason?
Veritasium made a very similar video on these topics with the lazy part of the brain.
24:28 Michael riddler??
Some really good points made
This is propaganda
wow, vsauce really just assumed Mary was a person
Is your brain getting bigger or is your face getting fatter? 🙊🤐
Reasoning: I downvoted this video because I have very high I.Q and because I have I was quickly able to find that the 'reasoning' about "reasoning"  in this video is fundamentally flawed and largely based on a false dichotomy. Look up principle of explosion. Better luck next time.
Theory of a great filter is interesting, but to suggest that that is the reason we did not see any advanced civilizations is ridiculous.
23:48 cough fox news cough...
Michael's trying so hard to explain this in kids form
Oh please someone loop him saying "I've got a coupon. Now what's going on here is that..." and send me the link.
"What if...." *Introduce epic brain confusion beat*
Communication with others is easier than ever.. yet the bonds of people have weakened exponentially.
ORRRRRR IS IT.
The problem is capitalism.
I don't know a word this guy says but I always watch him and wait for him to upload new videos, help.
Very well done<3
The lottocracy idea is really neat, but to select random people and have them spoken to by experts.. Who defines who an expert is? and if the experts are giving detailed information on the subject, than surely its only boils down to whether or not theyre convincing. Because if they are, we might as well have just gotten the appointed experts to make the decision, and if theyre not, then the whole premise is kind of redundant isnt it?
YOHANAN(JOHN/JUAN) 14:6 "I AM THE WAY AND THE TRUTH AND THE LIFE. NO ONE COMES TO THE FATHER EXCEPT THROUGH ME" "YO SOY EL CAMINO Y LA VERDAD Y LA VIDA. NADIE VIENE AL PADRE SINO POR MI".......
Screw Bill Gates he's getting in the way of more efficient vaccine distribution around the world among other catastrophes like charter schools
What he's describing in minute 3 and 4 is essentially, "how do you get large diverse groups of people with their own experiences and perspectives to go along with one overarching narrative and goal?" The answer is simple: you can't. When you try, as history attests, you usually just end up with millions of dead, imprisoned, exiled, or marginalized people. You know, those inconvenient people that had a different perspective. It's almost as if there's a glitch in humanity that makes it impossible for us to work together, and another glitch that makes us proud enough to think we can. When we think we're right, of course. If there were only a philosophical framework that understood and accounted for this....
Very interesting
Anyone else ever sit down to watch a video, then decide 'I agree with everything I have heard so far, and this seems very important, but I was at a silly funny Vsauce mood and I stumbled into an Apocalypse soon Vsauce video'?
too much information at once. I`ve got to watch it again pausing and taking notes
This guy is changing the world.
I’ve watched every vsauce video kind of sad
calling out all the "dO yOuR oWn ReSeArCh" karens 😂
Great video Michael!
Michael made this for extra credits when future humans decide who to resurrect
Buy Bitcoin.
How bill gates is not recreating and reafirming the power of those responsible for what you are talking about?
One of your best videos! Its a shame we wont put these ideas into practice probably for many years.
It’s 4 am I’m not gonna watch now
So basically reasoning is the same as hegelian dialectic
It's easy to see that logic and reasoning are struggling. Fox news exists and we elected an orange racist idiot to the most powerful office in the world.
It's not in my ass like yours .
👏👏👏
This is a perfect 10th grade explanation.
Mind is a thing like how a game of football is a thing you can’t touch the game even if you can watch it or participate in it.  Minds are what brains do it isn’t a thing so much as a verb.
All the comments are memeing but this is one of the best videos he’s ever made
Sem a menor sombra de duvida, melhor conteudo de entretenimento imaginavel. Pelo menos para mim.  Read that Michael!
I haven't watched VSauce in like 2 years but I remember the first Minute and a half verbatim from a different video..
I'm not sure what I just walked, but I feel smarter
(Long comment ahead) This "Lottocracy" idea. If the committee of random people consult with experts before making their deliberation, the "experts" are incentivised to be charismatic, persuasive, and rhetorically effective rather than correct. Same problem we have in courtrooms where the prosecution and defence have been known to make emotional appeals instead of rational arguments. In a courtroom, that's something we check with a judge's veto powers, but the judge equivalent in terms of governance is a monarch, who can veto the decisions of a parliament (randomly selected or otherwise). Not to mention, that none of this deliberation occurs in a vacuum, and that the average opinions of these randomly selected people are still a factor. Media campaigns aimed at the lowest common denominator still have great power to influence societal sentiment and consensus, something that will gnaw at the back of every committee members minds when they make decisions.  Either we have a technocracy of charismatic experts persuading a bunch of amateurs who aren't informed enough to detect deceptions or manipulations, or we have that same situation just with a monarch / dictator with veto powers. Where is the accountability in that? Matter of fact, where's the accountability in this committee of random people? The analogy of the jury is quite telling. A jury is made up of 12 people and requires a unanimous vote precisely in order to alleviate accountability so the jurors can't be individually blamed for the outcome that unfolds. That makes sense in a courtroom, but when it comes to governance??? When things go wrong, suddenly there is no one to blame. Poetic as that might be, it's not exactly helpful. There's no way to learn from our mistakes if we can't blame this or that factor. In short, making governance random, also makes our rate of progress random.  Talking about the video as a whole, what we have here is one side of a story. 2 useful categories for thinking about all these subjects, are Networks, and Hierarchies. Both have distinct pros and cons, and are typically used in conjunction with one another in order to avail of both (Niall Ferguson conceptualises this as a historical tug-of-war in his book "The Square and The Tower"). For example, the brain makes use of an immense neurological network, but the consciousness sits atop a decision-making hierarchy and possesses a singular will. This video pays a lot of attention to Networks, and very little attention to Hierarchies. En masse, we increase our processing power greatly, but we become terrible at making decisions. On our own, we have the opposite situation. You talk of the Wisdom of Crowds, but what about the Madness of Crowds or The Mob? Martin Luther once said "I cannot and will not recant anything, for to go against conscience is neither right nor safe. Here I stand." An exhortation for others to insist upon their individual judgement and not be cowed or silenced by a mob-like consensus. Using reason as a merely social phenomenon, however descriptive, should never be prescriptive. Talk about behavioural inertia, reducing reason to social consensus destroys any potential for innovation, as it is strongly discouraged to innovate and break the consensus. The topic is really inexhaustible, so I'll leave it this: Remember the Hierarchy as well as the Network. To rule by just one of the two, is a mistake.
Government by jury duty ... ? I need to reason that out.
yesssssssssd
I’m way too stoned for this currently 😂😂
Michael Steven just dropping bangers
Sorry, I hear Bill Gates and leave.
Vsauce will never fail to amaze me
So vsauce is now allied with Bill Gates. You either die a hero, or live long enough to become the villain. . cheers to another fallen brother. This one hurts
Deeper than the Mariana Trench
On the scale from 0 to 10 Michael's awesome-ometer is 16,8 million subs * 2 billion views
Believe it or not, your videos have always helped me to have a deeper understanding. Usually in the subject of the video, but you cover so many things in a single one. I used to suffer from a severe case of alcoholism, but your video always help to me to see things from many different points. I love it, keep doing what you do for as long as you feel like doing brother. ☮️
It's all so horribly terrifying.... and so beautiful.
Hey Vsauce, Michael here. And welcome to crash course philosophy
abolish private prisions
Unfortunately, I don't think one of the core parts of the framing here makes sense... Sure, yes, obviously "reason" isn't sufficient to do the right thing, because you also need values... But reason is how we get truer beliefs, which is half the battle. There isn't a better way to get more accurate beliefs than using reason. The examples of neglecting unintended consequences, neglecting trustworthy intuitions, social desirability bias, confirmation bias, etc., are all examples of being _unreasonable!_ Human reasoning isn't _optimal,_ certainly not by default; we need to improve upon it to get better at believing what's true.  Or put another way, "Reason" is an ideal only approximated by human cognition. We can, with effort, get better approximations of it (see eg Kahneman's academic work on the subject). I legitimately don't understand why you seem to be recommending abandoning the goal of making our cognition better approximate reasonableness. That's not an impossible or undesirable goal!  Being just a little bit reasonable isn't enough to separate truth from falsehood! But that doesn't mean we can replace reason with something else, or augment reason with something else, and expect to get truer beliefs — unless you have a reasonable case for it!  Like, you give a bunch of examples of humans failing to be reasonable and therefore believing less true things! That's not an argument against reason!  (Also: evolution is far from perfect, and evolution's goals have no teleological content for us. We were created by evolution, but we care about different things than evolution. So I don't think discussion of evolution's "motives" matter much here?)  (And again, I know and agree that believing what's true isn't all there is — so reason isn't all there is. Still, for the goal of believing what's true, reason is the way to go.)
Research flat earth
no it's in my foot
The ANCIENTS! Bro you just made the hair on my arms stand up. Hey, isn't there a video on that?
0:50
I see the good intentions/motivations behind this but there is lacking evidence in your reasoning in this video.
me to my team after we lost a battle 0:05
Michael, I don’t know if you’ll read this but your videos have really helped me through some tough times. Keeps me interested in the world, keep doin what you do! :)
Michael. As another Michael, and someone who has been watching your videos literally from the beginning: this is one of the best videos you’ve ever made. Sincerely so glad you’re still around producing amazing content
2 Vsauce videos in 3 months? WOW it must be a lucky year!
Wouldn't a lottocracy favor the majority? Like, wouldn't minority religions and races be harmed?
I see vsauce is struggling with his burden of genius again
Just talk to each other in real life people. It's not rocket science. ''When one knows the reason, the surprise disappears''
As always, thank YOU, Michael! Have you really NOT read "Against Election: The Case for Democracy"  by David Van  Reybrouck? The final part was like a quote from this book. Vsauce Team did you mentioned all your sources honestly?  Just putting your reasoning at trial ...
Lottocracy seems really nice to prevent literally anyone of having full power, but it would still fail if something that benefits everyone is also a problem for everyone. But it being applied with only decisions makes it "fair" in a way, as you could not only decide your fate but a fate for someone else. Pretty awesome.
Me: *humbly processing how you knew my initial answer to the puzzle and then realizing the correct*  (at the same time) Vsauce: "When people get this puzzle wrong and the correct answer is explained to them, they almost always- *me:🤨*   -immediately see why it's right and change their answer. Life is not always like that"  Also me: 😐..😶.. *initiating fetal position*
10% of the people watching are just people who are looking to make a new Vsauce meme
This is to Kurzweil's Singularity, what Isaac Asimov was saying about computers.
Lottocracy, however, conflicts with the effect of political passion in creating administrative effectiveness. How can we be sure that the job would be taken seriously if it is held by someone who is appointed that never wanted the job to begin with?  From the communitarian perspective, the answer is instead, political pluralism. Each community has power to elect its own representatives in a network of councils which make different decisions, while subservient to no central authority. This way, it is ensured that each community gets their needs met while schisms are held at a minimum.   Oligarchy in itself is the death of popular power, and it accepts the unitary state while completely ignoring the flaws of power aggregation.  Contemporary examples of egalitarian-aligned political pluralist projects include the Rojava project of Northern Syria and the Zapatistas of Chiapas. Despite facing sieges, fierce embargoes, and even genocide, both projects have sustained themselves, as they are highly self-renewable.
What we are is older than this planet. We will start to understand more with Mars😉
Last year i had a thought i could not find any answer to anywhere. The thought was the following question:  ''What kind of event could render all our technology useless to the point we could never regain it again"?   What if we had no more way of producing or harnessing  electricity anymore?  What event could destroy the internet for example to the point we could not regain it?   Of course this all seems  very unlikely since we have the knowledge on how to produce these things and harness their power. But still, a combination of events must be possible in achieving this right? We could eventually destroy most of it ourselves by waging war on each other. We could knock ourselves back into the stone ages with nuclear war.  What about Solar flares? Meteor strikes? Extreme changes in gravity on our planet?   This thought by the way, comes from a deep believe i have, that in the nearby future big events will take place. These events will bring us close to the final day. The questions remains, ''what events could get us there''?
HES BACK FULL VIDEOS!!!!
Vsauce for president or he will?
That’s the rub
Pretty sure the thumbnail changed 🤔
Who gets to decide what is fair? More so over who gets to decide what is unfair and why?
I thought this video was gonna be socialist propaganda. I’m pleasantly surprised. Subscribed.
NO
Vascuence leaving me both depressed and hopeful at the same time
9:35 @benshapiro watch the next few minutes
thanks for the insight
It is very cool to finally see people like Michael and Derek with lots of exposure presenting the position that the next step in global socio-economic evolution is going to be required for our survival.  If humanity survives long term, the early to mid 21st century humans will be see as having a great fundamental choice given to them. Do we embrace our new and powerful future even if it flies in the face of everything we've known, or deny our future because are not able to get over our emotional obsession with the past.
Best half hour ive had in a while
me waiting for the music to hit*  music actually hitting* : 😫😩
This video is one of the most insightful videos I’ve ever seen!  Is this objectively true or my own confirmation bias?  ;-)
The fact that this is only #41 on trending is downright criminal.
This video reasonated with me.
educated twerking
Great Filter?  Maybe it is space/time itself.  We can see planets far away but they are millions and/or billions of years ahead of what we see.  It actually kinda makes sense if you think about it.  Millions of years ago our planet looked much different, even like some that we see now.  It is quite possible that some of those planets are going through the exact same crisis we are.  If life is to accelerate, not just persist, it must consume it's older/past self to create a new/present self.  Resources are finite within a specific space/time zone and must be used and reused to transform and accelerate life.  You're not wrong about social reasoning.  Are we not like the seed of the Earth to be dispersed amongst the stars?  The Earth, a flower; the Milkyway, a garden; the universe, living.  Time is a barrier only to the individual.  God is exactly what you are speaking of in your conclusion.   Praise Jehovah.
There's no such thing as an ethical billionaire. There's no such thing as an ethical billionaire.
30 minutes well spent. Brilliant video. Thank you.
*Judging by how things are going so far, there may not be a future for reasoning.*
So it seems, Bill Gates bought Vsauce too...
oh god he got the vaccine and became a microsoft spokesperson
Holy shit that Jelly Bean average is like Geth level intelligence.
Michael I’ve been watching your videos since I was a kid and this might be your best one ever.
I will laugh when we finally start to see and remember what we are!!
awesome video
How many people will watch this, get to the "partnership with Bill Gates' new book" part and immediately stop the video, completely missing the point of the whole thing in the process?
please we need spanish subtitles!!
i mean we all were waiting for "or is it?" edit: it made my day a little better
14:15 me an ASPD with pathologically low empathy: Ha, that's where you're wrong
The singularity is coming!  Eventually.
I just love you holy fuck
my brain isn't fit for this but its entertaining
Reason and logic must be used regularly in order to be proficient at it. Most of our decisions are emotion driven. "The mature mind can hold a thought without excepting or rejecting it until sufficient (accurate) information is attained."
The fact that Michael is not reading off a script or a teleprompter always blows me away. Every single word is accounted for - theres zero fat in the entire 30 minutes of this
He is referring to something similar in Asimov's story 'Franchise', 1955   https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franchise_(short_story)  (man chosen by computer to 'represent the people')
this guy hasn’t age a second
This makes me think a lot of Socrates and his dialectic.
Wow!!!
...or is it?
Is it just me, or is this the first "old style" Vsauce video since a long time ago? Apart from the shorts, there were videos like the "Illusion of time", but it was not quite the same, probably because Michael had a long beard, or it felt like it was intentionally more stuffed with meme-y material. This is more a complex, serious train of thought. It's a difficult topic, not quite as "entertaining" like "How does the Earth move", but I like it. I hope they keep coming.
The problem I see with getting people to take our effect on the climate seriously is that it requires proof for people to change their minds, and because the science is complicated, it takes someone who can effectively explain the proof to someone in as short a time as possible. People have busy lives, and they can only offer so much time to study this one thing, no matter how important it may be. This is why science communicators are so important, people like Bill Nye and Neil deGrasse Tyson, but if people who start to talk about climate change talk in a way that is condescending towards others who haven't taken the issue seriously yet, then nobody will want to listen to them. Concise and respectful communication about the proof is needed
Quality content without ads. ❤
This sums up years of what I've been telling everyone I know. Way better than I ever could. Thank you Vsauce!
facts dude
This dude.. its not just intelligence that draws me to him.. its this earthly ora I get from hearing him speak and explain the information he has gathered thus far. The type of person to want to know everything about his surroundings, dissecting every earthly mechanism that the human race faces on a daily basis. The world we live in is different. Almost every question you have about the world and its inhabitants can be answered by the tap of a smooth piece of plastic incasing wires within to emit a certain frequency allowing you to seemlessly speak with anyone around the world in real time/obtain more information than any one person could never dream of keeping.       Our curiosity as a species is dwindling, and some ppl may think curiosity is a killer.. and not jus of cats. And you wouldn't be wrong, but curiosity is a valuable asset in the compact but expanded/chaotic but peaceful/ugly but beautiful fleshy muscle, packed with so many neurons it would blow your mind, weird wormy brain of ours.      If you feel the rhythm of thee earth on quite nights when there is little to no negative thoughts in your mind and or soul.. like this comment
WOW!
YES HE IS BACK TO THESE VIDEOS!!!!
Friendly reminder that Satan loves you 🙌🏽
The crowd is antiwisdom.
Well... look, other people might say i am lazy and they are not wrong, but i think that if I am really trying to help the world, I would only be a distraction for the people that really know what they are doing and why. Thats why I don't vote and trying to get my opinion on the market, my tribute to the world is staying out of the way of the geniuses around. People that really make differences. Am I not helping in my own way? Or is it better to go with "the crowd" knowing that I dont know if im making wrong choices, am i not helping by just not taking sides? I am curious at your opinion commenters, by this example, is someone like me (knowing that i have too little knowledge to changing the world by example) making the right choice to not interfere and making stupid decisions at whatever the problem is we are talking about, or is it always wrong to do nothing?
Where does greed fit into this equation?
The explanation that Reason is a social construct explains how so many bad groups like [redacted]Anonymous, proliferate so well.
I hold very few convictions, yet always argue, vehemently even, things I most likely don't agree with  just to get differing opinions I can parse through, till I come to a conclusion that feels sufficient for a time.  Rinse. Repeat.
I don't usually comment but THIS is what YT is all about!  Amazing presentation, I had to watch it twice.    Broadcast TV "Discovery" can't touch this level of "smart".   Subscribed.
this video is all a big Bill Gate's ads .. You sold your soul to the evil
The internet is a super-intelligent super-organism with humans as it's braincells and computer infrastructure as it's body. Is it sentient?
7:19 This is where Uncle Ben chimes in
Lottocracy sounds like a very interesting idea, although i don't know if it is possible it seems to be a natural evolution of government in the direction of individualism we've seen since the french revolution
Next vid, ”Whats the point?”, a question i always ask my self positively.
Fook bill gates
I watch these everytime they come put
10:00 that's such a good point
fucking great said
The next intro should be ‘Hey, Vsauce. Michael here. I am not an elephant.’
so many verified youtubers
E1!!1!1!
shouldn't we just let an algorithm govern one global state ?
and that's why civilizations fall, people having thinking done for them. You should always know how and why you know what you know and support
Good to see you back again!
How can we be the ancients if no-one is left alive to remember us?
Humans: it's not a bug, it's a feature
@14:36 uh no. i have no such intution. i literally have to go through those steps to determine someone is upset. it is literally not that obvious to me and i have to work at it.
Hi Michael vsauce here. Where are our foreskin Michael?
TL;DR Conservatives are incapable of reason, and we’re all going to die because of them.
My god I got so confused so much. I love your videos vsauce😁
Wife: Why didnt you come to bed until 02:45? last night? You know the kids wake up at 05:00 Me: Reasons.
That ending part is a horrible idea and shows exactly why true democracies are a bad idea. Many, many people are either uniquely unwilling to even think about certain topics, unskilled at a particular field or are not smart enough to understand it. By choosing at random these people also get to force through decisions as well, which isn't ideal. Additionally, if the people who would be voting had to be taught prior to voting for whatever measure is proposed is prone to corruption. The people teaching them can easily mislead them causing issues.  A Republic is far superior. Simpler, and easier to function. The core ideas behind a Republic is that we have a complex political system that gives potential political actors a space to prove their worth, competency and learn new skills. Eventually, through the will of the people these people who have shown themselves to be the best fit for the job are chosen.  The older Roman model of a Republic had far stricter requirements for reference as well, with many positions that must be fulfilled prior to becoming Consul, and even then there were 2 Consuls rather than one President like in our model.
I’ve found the opposite to be true: one person is smart, a crowd is f**king stupid...
"in partnership with Bill Gates"  You mean the same Bill Gates whose "charitable foundation" deliberately sabotaged attempts to make the Covid vaccine developed by Oxford University open-source, so that poor third-world nations could get easy access to it?  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=KtW4reb6zXQ
The name of the elephant is michael so why not?
Absolutely Love this content! Thank you!!!
Everyone in leadership should be REQUIRED to undergo a dozen or so sessions with a very potent psychedelic substance.
Click bait.  Global warming shill.
**or is it?**
Ah yes, Bill Gates, world renowed climatologist,  and definitely an average guy that needs help from you to sell his book. Definitely not a crooked billionaire like the rest of em that lectures us all about "muh climate change" while flying private jets and heating his driveway using good old coal powered electricity cause god forbid his car's tires get too cold in the winter while buying up farmland all over America instead of, idk, having people farm it to get more food so that people don't starve halfway around the globe. Maybe we should look at our sins before trying to lecture the world about something so complex as climate and how to change it. Want less climate change? selling your private jet instead of a book is gonna do the world a whole lot more good.
all of youtube: ~makes video for Bill Gates book~ Vsauce 2 months later: Lets try a new form of Government
I absolutely love me sum VSauce
Bill got to Michael. His reach is immense.
Interesting. This has motivated me to have some debates about my current beliefs.
Whats your reason for living?
And yet, the crowd is where you find the most pitchforks and torches
EEEEEK! NEW VIDEO
Isaiah 55:6  Seek ye the Lord while he may be found, call ye upon him while he is near
God.
Who determines / interprets the crowd's decision? Who feeds the crowd with the data for them to decide? Who creates the algorithms for the decisions? Isn't it dangerous that a single entity will be the Spokesperson for everyone? Wouldn't such an entity wield a data monopoly and be subject to the corruption side of human nature?
Vsauce is so woke that he makes us confused
Correction to the Wisdom of the crowd principe - 7:58. Micheal mentions taking the average of all inputs, whereas most studies/experiments use the median to find the most accurate value.
Vsauce is going to save the world
!oh
I intuit this man is a genius. No reason necessary.
That would be a bloody political transition...
) On January 27, 2021, the Frederick County Board of Supervisors (FCSB) of Virginia passed a resolution condemning the forced harvesting of organs from religious prisoners of conscience by the Chinese Communist Party (CCP), as a warning to local residents to prevent them from traveling to China for organ transplants and inadvertently becoming complicit in the crime.  The resolution stated that credible reports from various sources showed that the CCP had murdered prisoners of conscience on a mass scale and sold their organs for transplant operations and that this crime is still going on in China today.   On January 27, 2021, the Frederick County Board of Supervisors (FCSB) passed a resolution condemning the Chinese Communist Party (CCP)’s killing of prisoners of conscience for organs. (Screenshot from video of County Board meeting)  Resolution Sponsor: CCP Forcibly Harvests Organs of Falun Gong Practitioners and Others The resolution, introduced by Back Creek Supervisor Shawn L. Graber, is meant to ensure that county residents are “fully informed of the organ source in China before they make the decision to engage in organ tourism in China,” lest they “unwittingly become accomplices in state-sponsored forced organ harvesting.”   Resolution sponsor and County Commissioner Shawn L. Graber  County Commissioner Thanks Falun Gong Practitioners for Letting the World Know the Truth County Commissioner David D. Stegmaier said, “This is the movement that has gained a lot of interest and growth over the entire world. In China right now, there are at least 70 million practitioners of Falun Gong. And it turns out that is about the number of people who are members of the Chinese Communist Party. As a result of that, the regime considers this as a threat that needs to be stopped in whatever way they can, including this heinous persecution and torture that is taking place of the Falun Gong members.”
At the end of the day Michael, you’re a lone reasoner. I just question a lottocracy in practice. Special interests don’t have to cozy up to everybody all they have to do is hang over our heads that they will cozy up to some of us, and that alone will skew everything. It’s like why someone may choose one burger joint over another because one burger joint offers a free meal to the 500th customer, something like that. I do appreciate the ideas tho, and it’s cool to think about humanity as a hyper object, I wonder what it’s metric is...
10:05 but it is
But what is reasoning?  *Cue music*
oH NO not this guy again! WHY DO YOU HAUNT ME!
Me: Is he gonna say it? Michael: 1:57 Me: Now it’s a VSauce video
2:50 Another example of that is how crowds in music concerts are always in tune, even if individually pretty much everyone is out of tune to some degree.
Sucks to see Gates sponsorships, while he's largely advocating the idea that india (which produces most vaccines for the US) is somehow incompetent to the point where Gates is comfortable with millions of people dying for the sake of protecting IP & denying medical care worldwide.
yo
Even this video (or ideas) is biased and can - in fact - be wrong.
I peed white
Bars
Lottocracy is a terrible idea, who runs the lottery? And who's to say that whoever's running the lottery isn't completely corrupt? What stops whoever's running the lottery from picking people from cities or regions that generally agree with their politics? What stops whoever's running the lottery from not rigging the system? Who's to stop them from choosing their best friend or some billionaire and then lying and saying it was a random choice?
Sick video
Охуенно
* religious people left the chat*
Michael where is your mind Me hey Vsauce*
Michael: Logic and reasoning aren't reliable. Also Michael: *Uses logic and reason to tell us why*
0:00 I have that exact same chair
Bill Gates , seriously Michael ??!?
There are many entities called Shinji Ikari. The other Shinji Ikari that exists in your mind. The Shinji Ikari in Misato Katsuragi's mind, the Shinji in Asuka Sohryu, the Shinji in Rei Ayanami, and the Shinji in Gendo Ikari. All are different Shinji Ikaris, but each of them is a true Shinji Ikari.
We need a lottocracy but, it needs to be an A.I. one lol
Just a thought, Satan came into this world and allowed us to see right and wrong, but what if he came have us reason, and make choices for ourselves or "question" things in a way. Knowing we'd fuck up or stir away from God and now we're too reasonable for ourselves.
vsauce single handedly solves the problem with political leaders in democracy
6:18 Michael saying "the"
I think this is the first Vsauce video ever I have given a thumbs DOWN. What a load of garbage.
the hypocrisy in bill gates sponsoring this video
1:39 WOW!! I always knew he was great after listening to his album, shout-out to TDE !!! 👍👍👍
Been paciently waiting to listen to that bass drop at 29:45
Nope my mind isnt in my head its in the gutter
A scientist that thinks free-will is real has corrupted the data from the get go.
Maybe if the biggest “champions got change” weren’t a bunch of power hungry grifters we could make some change but nobody wants to have real conversations.
Glad to see you back Micheal! What watch are you wearing for this video? It looks really cool.
I love you Michael
Bill Gates is not the future of reasoning or for that matter present reasoning.
27 minute warm up to pitch for a new system of government. Excellent reasoning lol
So... you're saying that free speech matters. Couldn't agree more. The other issue and cause to see free speech as important is the reality that no person nor entity has a monopoly on truth: mere perception certainly doesn't often get it right. We need to hash out ideas and the more input given can lead to greater cooperation. For those who make conversations impossible, make escalation inevitable. You will never eliminate ideas you disagree with but if you try to censor, you will merely drive them underground to ferment, and it will brew war. So in the open ideas must be aired and assessed: it is the only hope to address the concerns. Everyone favors speech they like, but for true liberty you must advocate for the rights of those you disagree with.  And that even entails those who disagree with things you see as fact.   But the other conundrum is that reality doesn't care about consensus: so even if everyone does manage to agree, that doesn't mean truth has been reached. Veritology and Epistemics are tricky things indeed.
I still don't get why the answer is yes
I like the idea that in the future humanity could become so inherently interconnected that a new form of consciousness could be born out of the collective reasoning of every person. A super intelligence of the collective sum total of humanity, the will of all. Sounds very dystopian but if confined to a vacuum the ability to daisy chain the processing power of all people imagine what questions could be answered
I absolutely love that this channel is back.
Michael is just built different tbh
the way he describes figuring out if someone is upset... is exactly how i do it like 80% of the time.
beautiful
"What's happened to the world"?    I really don't know
Hi @vsauce. I would really like to read more about the topics discussed in this video. Could you upload sources? Recently read Homo Deus. Awesome. Thanks ;)
Imagine if Humans are the most complex life has ever gotten in the universe!!! Imagine if life getting like this is very hard and almost impossible.
i believe in anarcho-lotttarcism
Ok so... where can I get these coupons???
I love how Micheal say the main use of reasoning is to convince other people, and immediatly try to convince us by reasoning that lottocracy could be a good thing. Was it intentional ?
Omg I thought he abandoned us commoners
lots of dislikes, i think he lost them around the climate change or the bill gates
you lost me after 4 min XD
Ben shapiro exposed
Shadows and how long it took camels to move..  My mans right there used reason 💪🔥
Shout out to the caption guy putting "its not SOUND" i hope you have a great day
Don't you guys think Western countries' individualistic approach/outlook/mindset to life is the major source of this problem?
You had me at "hey"
They gave reasons to why they picked those people because they trusted that they were seeing the same choices they picked and didn’t realize they were deceived, and didn’t have the memory to remember them all. Doesn’t mean people can’t decide things for themselves just means they were deceived of their trust
If you like this, read "the righteous mind" by Jonathan Haidt. It's one hell of an eye opening book.
reason = waste of time...its like just do it and waste 10 secs in a conversation or waste 5 minutes givving useless reasons... man you can even reason yourself while you are doing... its a worthless skill that just wastes both people s time... instead of just blablablaing you can do... these day people reason allot to just waste their time in useless convos...why should i give you reason about this because its mathematical waste of time do you want to waste 20% of your life reasoning or convert that reasoning energy into doing ? maan if the time people took reasoning they were like im reasoning again i should clean some garbnage ... the garbage of the world will be null....what im saying or trying to say is do...dont talk do... or talk while you are doing...
OMG A NEW VIDEO! I'M SO HAPPY!
Top video 2021
This is a very long way to say that we should talk to each other more often
7:12  Peter Parker: I understand that reference
Thank you. Content like this is so appropriate and helpful.  I like how every arguing "side" or echo-chamber can use this information to form a more comprehensive and extensive perspective, which could be uniting. AND yes, the world is also not a logic puzzle. That's actually so puzzling..
Finally an old school vsauce video no mind field here
Okay let's get this show on the road, We really need it because people are starting to get mental issues with conspiracies all around me.
how amazingly written is this.
And I quote,  "We aren't aware of the visual presses, but WE DONT HAVE TO!." Take that school.
Bill gates? Imma head out
Let's make a country with deliberate day and ludocracy
Fuck right off with this harmful propaganda shit. People like Bill are *_responsible_* for the impending climate disaster.
To me, YouTube comments are the best proof of group intelligence
I agree with this video because that's what I've been thinking also
legends say people are still commenting every second
I wanna go back to school.
I missed him so much ngl lool
These were some amazing points.  Especially the last part about randomly selecting people to deliberate over policy.  Great idea.
IVE EVEN THOUGHT THAT GOVERNMENT SHOULD BE DECENTRALIZED BECAUSE OF THIS TOPIC  BEING THAT I THOUGHT GOVERNMENTS MADE THE DECISIONS BUT NOW I KNOW THESE DECISIONS ARE EBING MADE WITH LESS TH9OUGHT BEHIND THEM BECAUSE DELIBERATION IS LESS POPULAR AND LESS PARTICIPATION IN DELIBERATYION IS TAKING PLACE
This is gonna be so good
I’d love to see the analytics on how many watch sessions ended when he mentioned Bill Gates 😭
The only thing I have to add to this is that the video was too optimistic.  Reasoning may well be better socially with our inbuilt heuristics, but group reasoning can be just as bad for similar reasons.  Groups of people must be diverse in thought to the level of absurdity to actually improve reasoning in some objective sense on social issues.  In the end, there will always be bias ruining rationality.  Lottocracy is still a great idea, but it needs tweaks, and the biases of those who design it will leave bias in the way the system itself works.  The problem will always persist.
The brick wall is fake.
I disagree!  Vote Michael for Dictator of the World 2024!
i think this is a great video becayuse theres alot i didnt know here and because of this video i think the best way to move forward we should have delivberation publicALLY DONE WITH THE INTERNET BEING A THING
Vsauce: "we haven't found signs of alien life" The literal Pentagon: we have alien ships and their origins are unknown
ꅏꍏ꓄ꉓꃅ ꓄ꃅꍟ ᐯꀤꀸꍟꂦ ꌗꀎꌃꌗꉓꋪꀤꌃꍟ ꀤ ꅏꀤ꒒꒒ ꀸꂦ ꓄ꃅꍟ ꌗꍏꎭꍟ
4.4K people didn't like this because it blew their minds
Michael in 2013: Where are your fingers? Michael in 2021: Where is your mind?  He's either getting sane or totally lost it.
this is a trip
Read The Quran🌼
22:25 saving for later lol
“Evolution has yet to transcend that simple barrier. We can care deeply - selflessly - about those we know, but that empathy rarely extends beyond our line of sight.” - Dr. Mann
I think it's about time that we all agree that Michael is truly, objectively, awesome.
I stg this is at least top 5 YouTube
its easy to build consensus. you manufacture consent. and make people pay for their own conditioning. anyone who resists it incurs a social credit score penalty, perhaps a little coercive force. you coordinate with all news media to suppress information, and coordinate with social media corporations to suppress discussion. a little bit of undermining the concept of limited government and if that isn't enough you can always replace the electorate. goddamn vsauce i used to love you.
*vsauce video*😃 *in partnership with bill gates*😕
Idea of Lottocracy reminds me of PKD's book Solar Lottery.
Im somewhat early. Upvote me
Feelings will never be facts.
Vsauce has taught me more than any school probably ever will
5:30 Bill Gates is inserted. You can safely stop the video and unsubscribe.
It is no coincidence that this is the first video on YouTube I have been given the option for 2160p
Partnering with Bill Gates for the money flat out hurts the credibility of this channel.
Evolution is a process of "good enough for right now"
Michael :“Hey vsauce michael here. Where is your” Me: fingers Michael: mind
Babe wake up, new Vsauce video!
15:00 The line that explains it all.
Could cult-like behavior be a side effect of our desire to be social but only with a particular group?
14:12 Wait is that not normal?
Why?
The words "Confirmation Bias" are being used as a weapon against opposing sides of arguments. Humanity, am I right?
I think married unmarried puzzle was great first i said not enoigh information and just suddenly tried to put values for mary and boom i was surprised damn i was so wrong.
You give me hope and some well-needed perspective when things look awfully bleak sometimes. Thanks :)
Omg finally vsauce ..... thank you so much
That music was annoying.
Easy, Michael, you are going too fast!  So, you were talking about brains, right?
Wow this might be the biggest personal mind shift I've had watching a video. Bruh 😳
LETS GO V SAUCE IS BACK AGAIN lol
I started sleeping man, sorry..
What if there were two Mary’s?  Paul looking at a married Mary and an unmarried Mary looking at Peter.
Yeahh I don't think the entirety of what Michael is saying is correct in some respects. Our reasoning created what we are today, the problem I feel is corruption. Corruption of human nature and profit driven motives gone out of control into selfish tyranny. We could easily have a better world, many choose not to out of their own ill respect towards what is essentially their own responsibility.  "Wow what if everyone could be reasonable?" Yeah...they could be, that's why we do away with the unreasonable and insane Michael..Like Bill Gates and his plan to kill billions... Wowowowo just enjoy the show I guess right?
Micheal is a human Humans can be dumb but they learn Learning is hard If school is a horse A book is a fly  Then obviously Micheal is an elephant            Yes  Also go to 11:19 to see where I got the idea
The return of the King
Never disappointed by Vsauce vids. Great job 👍
Gates is evil! Check out why India kicked him out of their country!
“Or is it?”
I love the idea of a Lottocracy, however I wonder how this process would be protected from potential sways by money or threats to the individuals chosen?
I'm floored, I've been watching you for as long as I can remember. I'm young, and your content has always encouraged my own reasoning. Those last 8 minutes of you discussing political structure really surprised me. It reflects, to a degree, a lot of my own political beliefs, and structure moving forward. I didn't think others felt this way. Locally, in my social-reasoning bubble, I feel like a political outcast for these ideas, and been treated as such. This gives me a lot of hope. And a lot of inspiration. I'm going to my ideas to paper and get a draft of a restructure as soon as I can. And add to this discussion. Hopefully soon, we all can. Keep up the incredible work. Thanks V, with love
Thumbs up for a worldwide lottocracy!
Brilliant!
The humanist reasons that humans are responsible for the longevity of life on Earth, while the nihilist reasons that humans are insignificant to the universe.
The problem with lottocracy is that billionaire owners of national media companies (traditional or digital) would essentially hold the power even more than they do now.  Now they influence what party people vote for, but the people in the party can still go against the ideas broadcasted everywhere on TV and YouTube and Facebook.  If people will be chosen to govern at random, the average of all their ideas will not be a natural compromise, but the one idea they have all heard explained to them on their screens.  I am not saying Bill Gates would abuse this, but I am saying this is fairly suspicious coming from the media team of the 3rd richest person in the world.  Sidenote: Only the USA and a few other countries use a jury in court. Most other countries see it as reinforcing biases instead of reducing them, based on the higher incarceration rate for black suspects and the lower punishment for female suspects.
hello based department???
This video is a masterclass, thank you Michael
You have a lot of good information to give to people
Let's all be honest here, disliking Vsauce vids will each decrease your IQ by 10. Liking Vsauce vids makes you a big brain.
"Where is your mind?" Good question.
we finally got a video? why cant you consistently upload anymore ? :/
I lost my mind years ago :) Now it's all so much more spacey...
So the human hive mind is actually something we don't even perceive...
Damn I always get fucking goosebumps at the end of your videos. Great job!
How does it come that I feel so small, insignificant  and at the same time significant and important after every Vsauce Video
Man these videos truly have so much effort put into them. Amazing work Michael and everyone at Vsauce.
This man is pushing an agenda. He is like rick and morty the dumb sibling they left out. Hey if you gave me money to push an agenda, you say we produce and such emission. Bs. The RICH produce them and we get the bill.
Yes! Lottocracy can not come soon enough.
Wow, goosebumps and tears. Well done Michael on another great video.
Just by listening to him I get the energy to take decisions I want to...He has the ability to objectify human beings
Bill Gates Really?
I MISSED THESE VIDEOS. PLS BRING MORE FORTH
Thank you youtube gordon freeman
Michael is the only person who can make crazy stuff up and make it sound like something real like an awesome-ometer.
I relaly thinkI see tyhe thumbnail somewhere XDS on a didfff video maybe?
Reason and Empathy are two very important things that we lack taking the responsibility in teaching to one another.  _"It's not joy we're about: you heard it._ _I'll take the frenzy, pain-filled elation,_ _Loving hatred, enlivening frustration._  _Cured of its urge to know, my mind_ _In future, will not hide from any pain,_ _And what is shared by all mankind,_ _In my innermost self, I'll contain:_ _My soul will grasp the high and low,_ _My heart accumulate its bliss and woe,_ _So this self will embrace all theirs,_ _That, in the end, their fate it shares."_  -Faust
Can we all just take a moment to appreciate that there's no ads in this entire video
Why is his latest shorts video crashing 😂
Strait up philosophy here
I missed Michael talking.
@MattDillahunty thoughts?
9:50 Teenage girls when someone calls them a girl instead of an Armstrong Whitworth A.W.35 Scimitar
"We will someday be the ancients, and we can choose what that will mean."
Very important video. Thank you
Twitter needs to see this...
This is probably Michael's greatest video, especially due to the current relevancy of all of the subject matter
Whaaaa
“Where is your mind”  Me: In the bin
This message definitely needs to reach more ears
This dood is wisdom personified
Really enjoyed this
*HOW IT IS THAT YOU DON'T HAVE YOUR OWN NETFLIX SHOW, COME ON NETFLIX, SPONSOR MICHAEL!*
incredibly well done, as always
It took until 5:47 for the vsauce music to play.
Man this guy is in the next level ,😳
Thanks for explaining Evangelion.
The only time I have to pull out the old dictionary.
Haven't you noticed yet ? Sometimes, you think of a new reason to validate your way of thinking, something that you never have heard or seen before, and you might tell somebody about it, or not. Then, days, weeks or months later, you realize that this very new idea you came up with is now used by many in many discussions to validate the more-or-less same way of thinking that you have.  We go forward at a very slow pace. Well, at least we go forward... or do we ?  Edit: I think we should encourage people to try to defend positions that they don't agree with occasionally. It's challenging intellectually, and in that way it would be safer for unorthodox reasonings to be defended. Edit2: great video
0:05 is it the sequel of "where are your fingers"?
This might be one of your best all time videos, like, wow
4.3k people are unreasonable
Dear Michael, Thank you for this very informative and inspiring video. Brilliant am always. I'll watch it again tomorrow to make sure I got everything. Sincerely, another Michael.
LOVE UR VIDOES SM MAKES ME QUESTION MY WHOLE EXISTING😭✋🏼
Amazing video, it's like ripping your mind in so many hard ways, but at the end u kind of relate
Can someone explain what reference I’m missing at 6:27 ?
Shout out to no ads, RESPECT!
what specifically is he talking about at 6:28?
Киньте лайков, пусть висос будет думать что я тут годный коммент оставил
5:46. That song hasn't gotten old for me. Still gives me goosebumps every time I hear it in one of your videos!
boom, that’s reasoning
And so that's why we need to agree to disagree sometimes instead of hitting or killing people because they don't agree : diversity of thinking is the true wealth... to some extent.
Vsauce has yet again blown my mind.
Actual top, Michael!
Not worried, God said global warming's fake...  Genesis 8:22 —  While the earth remains, Seedtime and harvest, Cold and heat, Winter and summer, And day and night Shall not cease.
Vsauce propagates the governments sick agenda. What does this matter why should I believe someone with all these views that aliens don’t exist. Like you’re literally a “celebrity”. Didn’t “bill gates” create a malaria vaccine that didn’t work. And his solution  is “oh let’s genetically modify a fucking mosquito.  “
Does anyone have a source for the experiment mentioned at 25:51 about the small group discussions? Would love to read the paper.
How to basic
The idea for a 'lottocracy' is actually really good. I've just read a book about it. "Against Elections : The case for Democracy" really interesting, can recommend
Wonderfully written and articulated, thank you.
Depressing though cause people don’t want to change, don’t see it changing anytime soon. Just seems like it’s gonna get more and more wanked
“Jesus answered, My kingdom is not of this world: if my kingdom were of this world, then would my servants fight, that I should not be delivered to the Jews: but now is my kingdom not from hence. Pilate therefore said unto him, Art thou a king then? Jesus answered, Thou sayest that I am a king. To this end was I born, and for this cause came I into the world, that I should bear witness unto the truth. Every one that is of the truth heareth my voice. Pilate saith unto him, What is truth? And when he had said this, he went out again unto the Jews, and saith unto them, I find in him no fault at all. But ye have a custom, that I should release unto you one at the passover: will ye therefore that I release unto you the King of the Jews?” ‭‭John‬ ‭18:36-39‬ ‭KJV‬‬ https://www.bible.com/1/jhn.18.36-39.kjv
Lottocracy is the single worst idea I have ever heard.
This is my favorite Vsauce video ever, I think. I’m a big Timothy Morton fan. My dream is to build a new form of social media specifically for the purpose of collective reasoning and problem solving. Also hilarious you got this done with Gates’s money ;)
Unfortunately now may not be the best time to be sponsored by Bill Gates with his stance on intellectual property for the vaccine 😔😕
reminds me a bit of "thinking fast and slow"
Exceptional! Thank you Michael!
And as always, Thanks Michael.
Aristotle, like Plato, DID NOT like democracy. They regarded it as a degraded form of governing.
One of the most important videos to date.
Thanks we got new SI measuring unit "awesome-ometer"
*Murray Bookchin smiles from the grave*
You had me until you brought up Bill Gates.  i'm done.
You could literally go full Judeo-Christian and take your profound knowledge and channel it into being a prophet of God. Have you read the books of wisdom, Proverbs and Ecclesiastes or tried analyzing the books of the profits?
Can someone explain to me the Mary scenario at 10:44 I still don't understand😂 We don't have enough info to come ro a conclusion right? 🤔
Michael: Where is your *MIND* ?  Me: Ah yes, here we go...
I love when Michael advocates for collective ownership of the means of production for 30 minutes
Michael goes to a psychedelic reatreat, he returns a hippy.
3:00 party molecules
Michael
15:35 "seems less like mistakes, and more like features" - programmers
Lottocracy sounds like a good idea to me.
Lol
Isn't the world a logic puzzle ? Just one that we cannot solve.
Leave “reasoning” up to the “reasonable”folks. Got it. Btw... What is R.C Christian’s real name? I know you know.
So glad you took the time to talk about climate change. Thank you Michael.
As a test for all those super critical thinkers out there, go and watch Cosmic Skeptic's video, "a meat eaters case for veganism", or his talk in Tel Aviv
Hey Vsauce, Michael here, wanna know what it's like for your head to hurt?
Love the Vsauce content its always so great and i can't wait for more!
Fantastic video other than the part about climate change and bill gates. Everything else is spot on
This is like one long infomercial to sell a book.
”Hey, Vsauce, Michael here. Where is your mind? Is it in the water? See it swimming?”
I've done most of the things he pointed out as problems with reasoning while watching this video. Feel helpless before, feel helpless after.
Let’s go new upload
Wait i thought vsauce quit posting like 7 yrs ago?!
what a great video, many diffrent feelings
Let's appreciate that this has no ads
I wouldn't mind if Vsauce asked me that first question a couple more times
This was wonderful
Just when we need more quality channels in YouTube, you have to just drop 1 video a year. 30mins video and I don't want it to end. What a mind!
I’m from Australia and yes climate change did have a role to play in those big bush fires, our government made it 10 times worse by banning people from back burning, de funding the rural fire service and to top it off our prime minister went on a holiday to Hawaii let’s not forget that
Holy shit, I would marry you and your wife just to side side by side every evening and listen to all thoughts in the room
The V in Vsauce is vaginal secretion aka intellectual mess.
this type of video is better than others for me .
Lottocracy is something I’ve held in very high regard for most if not all of my politically conscious years, but I was today years old when I learnt it had a name
Amazing video! (spoiler alert) I had never heard of the lottocracy concept and found it fascinating. I'd be very interesting to have another balancing power made with that concept in mind. That way there could still be elected "experts" but they would be held to account by potentially every citizen, not just by their votes but by actual political power.
5:22 is where I had no choice but to take back my "like."
We need digital democracy controled by an uncorruptible AI
22:24 My mom when I walk into the room during the family gathering.
You overuse the suffix "s" = are not Human but a mouth-breather instead.
- Why do you watch Vsauce? - Well, it's educating, informative and helps with introspection. You can learn so much from a single video. - Really? - Nah, I just made that up. My intuition made me click on the subscribe button.
I have the same office chair as you @Vsauce its from ikea!
Imagine is none of this is real and he has been messing with us for 8 years 🥲
Logic doesn't "struggle" because it isn't "rationale" aka "reason."
The mind precedes the brain. Only fools can't realize that brain = tool of the mind, evolved out of the central nervous system as means to refine articulation of mental fluctuation...  People are stupid, most of them.
Ok hear me out, Michael Stevens the science guy
The mind you think is huge because it is the only thing you know.    But there are things beyond your mind and humanity, in time, will find it out.   Close your eyes. Open your mind, bind it to your soul.   Who are you, what is your business here, in this cruel world? Is it the way to death, or is it what happens after you die?   You will be who you want to be when you leave everything that you think makes you what you are,  your so called  existance actually starts when you stop trying to be someone, because nothing you thing is yours is yours but only given to you for a limited amount of time.   Youth, beauty, wealth, fame, power that given to you will eventually be taken back from you. Everything and everyone will leave you, only than what is still yours and with you is actually you.  Think about it!
*I'm gonna save this video for midnight!*
It's a miracle the algorithm still knew to suggest this vid to me. Was so happy when I saw vsauce come up 😢
I feel like Vsauce is subtly hinting to "political leaders should be more informed on the topic they are voting for, or else the power should shift to the people."
Them : *Omg that's V sauce..* Legends : *'Like' before Michael even got started*
My mans here watched Parasyte the anime and was like: "Alright, video time"
The subtitles are wrong
Reasoning is the culmination of us.
Incredible. Every single time.
<3
In germany we call Vsauce "Harald Lesch"
5:47 the music you are waiting for
15:36 Skyrim
time flies vsauce
Vsauce here. you're your mother's child.....or ARE you?
So debate is important, I guess. And I think silently stewing is bad, is also the point.
Simply superb. Love it. My wish is that this video becomes a classic for the ages.
3:00 uh yeah get it ig
Therapist: Coupon Button isn't real, it can't hurt you Coupon Button: 18:29
You lost me at "I decided to partner with bill gates"...
People need this.  If everyone comments, this will be shown to more people. Political discussion without pointing fingers, wihtout stating what is right or wrong, rather the discussion, how do we find right or wrong. Amazing as usual.
ive been expecting you
At the end you thought to yourself: I'll be their Aristoteles!
a funny comment
One day, already 2M views. Just so you know.
REASON WILL PREVAIL!
There's a *huge* issue with lotticracies, it disregards human rights. The decision to make gay marriage legal a decade ago might never have been acheived based on the predominant views of it at the time. The struggle today of trans people obtaining the right to self determination would be much harder to overcome if the decision were made by random people in certain areas of the world. Ultimately i believe that laws should be decided upon by the people those laws affect. Trans rights should be decided on by the trans community, workers' rights should be decided upon by the proletarians etc.
Even though this is likely to be buried I'm writing this to show how much this means to me personally. Vsauce has more than once exceeded the scope of my imagination and forced me to reconsider what I know about the world. Despite my best efforts I let myself become complacent thinking that the increasingly polarized political atmosphere and rapidly expanding impact of climate change were something that could be left to others to think about. I thought that the political system that we had would be able to respond to a global pandemic in a swift and effective manner, or rather I had hoped. I know now that I was conceited and that I was only rationalizing my intuition. This video has reminded me how fragile the world that we have constructed is, and in the same thirty minute span gave me hope for the future of our society and our survival as a species. I see this video as a call to action, and a reassuring reminder of what is possible. Although this lump of proteins and fats that calls itself a brain is biased and ineffectual in solving complex problems alone, together with others it can effect real positive change. This video was the best thing that I have seen in months, I broke down crying once this video ended because it inspired me so much. I will work hard to change minds and to let my mind be changed because although it is intimidating, Michael you reassured me that it is worth doing. Thank you.
Fuck bill gates..!
4.3k people are trying to convince you  that the video is bad by giving a dislike xD
Increased quality of life is pog
deliberation day is the coolest idea I've ever heard
I think it would have been reasonable to let Covid spread naturally, the main population it affected were old and had lived longer lives than at least 90% of humanity over the past 200000 years or so. The less people on the planet the less gas is omitted, less homes have to be heated, less transport, less concrete produced, older people set in their way of thought would go, those who have unhealthy lifestyles would go and this rush of disposable PPE wouldn't happen.
Is that a Marathon CSAR you’re wearing?
I just took philosophy of mind and language I’ve been thinking about the limitations of rationality, I have an essay if you would like to read it!
Is this Vsaucexurbia ?
Michael, reasoning holds gratitude to your contribution.
Top 10 of the World's Funniest One Liners  1. I took an IQ test and the results were negative.  2. Okay, who stopped the payment on my reality check? 3. Give me ambiguity or give me something else. 4. Out of my mind. Back in five minutes.  5. A clear conscience is usually the sign of a bad memory. 6. As long as there are tests, there will be prayer in public schools.  7. Life is too complicated in the morning. 8. Sometimes I wake up grumpy; other times I let her sleep. 9. The severity of the itch is inversely proportional to the ability to reach it. 10. Few women admit their age; few men act it.   Editorial:  Probably the most thought-provoking one-liner is "Eat right. Stay fit.  Die anyway." It's sad but true -- no matter what you do, you will die.  This is because you have sinned against God. Let's see if that's true:  Have you ever lied (even once)? Ever stolen (anything)? Jesus said,  "Whoever looks upon a woman to lust after her, has committed adultery  already with her in his heart." Ever looked with lust? If you have said  "Yes" to these three questions, by your own admission, you are a lying,  thieving, adulterer at heart; and we've only looked at three of the Ten  Commandments. How will you do on Judgment Day? Will you be innocent or  guilty? You know that you will be guilty, and end up in Hell. That's not  God's will. He provided a way for you to be forgiven. He sent His Son  to take your punishment: "God commended His love toward us, in that,  while we were yet sinners, Christ died for us." Jesus then rose from the  dead and defeated death. God promises everlasting life to all those who  confess and forsake their sins, and trust in Jesus Christ. Please do  that today . . . you may not have tomorrow. See John 14:21 for a  wonderful promise. Then read the Bible daily and obey what you read. God  will never let you down.Visit NeedGod.com.
Goosebumps at the end.
The like button is not enough!
I have been watching your videos for a decade and you still have the best content on youtube
5:46 thought it wasn't gonna happen for a second....
"Never let the future disturb you. You will meet It, if you have to, with the same weapons of reason which today arm you against the present" ~Marcus Aurelius
The Green New Deal coming to all Vsauce near you.
thank you for expanding my mind and giving me more perspective on our reality. Thank you <3
4:28 reasoning and inferences, & unintended consequences
Anyone else ever shed a tear at Michael's last quotes?
these might be rare, but damn they're good
such videos should be made and shared a dozen each year by many many creators and ... unfortunately, we have "politicians" as someone whose work is "politics" instead of eliminating such dangerous jobs and completely the opposite of "Democracy" ... it's ridiculous that there aren't debates arena in our civilized time when we as a whole,are more educated than the history,has more information resources access and with way more participants and reasoning ,thus making it all more vital and beneficial in addition to let us all feel being a smart individual and involved in big projects that affect everything.
The world should be governed by a DAO running on ETHEREUM blockchaim.
LTES GOO VSAUCE UPLOAD
I really like the idea of a Lotacracy.
The future of reasoning depends on the sum of its human parts. Let's hope that sum is great enough.
THAT is a freaking TOUR de FORCE of Vsauce!!!  holy crap that was good! that was like a PhD thesis.
yes, but this isnt very cash money so...
this is the best video
This is, like, one of your best fucking videos man
Ah yes, Bill Gates, who definitely doesn't profit from the hyper object that is global warming.
if an awesome-omoter measured itself, what would it get?
coupon button for anyone interested 18:31
No. Thank you Michael for sharing your reasons.
9:49 twitter in a nutshell
I like it how randomly picking people instead of electing politicians is probably better in American then the system they have there now.  At the same time, if we could just agree on not having singel voteing systems that would be great. I mean at least let us vote for first and second pick
Just 100 companies produce 70% of all carbon emissions. The problem is capitalism
I've watched so many Vsauce parodies that now an actual Vsauce video looks like a parody.
@4:19  This sounds like Prince EA, doesn’t it?
Knowledge.🧠
Vsauce videos always makes me remember that im not smart
Thank you Michael. I was looking forward to exactly to this video because I've met awesome people but who have their weird and simplified kind of views of this world. Even if I try to explain them they forget what they've been told right after. Also not rare cases when people tell for example: I would never do that!... Few time later is exactly what they doing. I finally can understand why it is like that. Dobby is finally free.
Guys have you noticed how everyone in internet have stopped acknowledging "logical fallacies" ? When i talk with leftists, for them, it's allways about emotions.
Recent trends have indicated 39% of Americans cannot reason even at the most rudimentary level.
#gematriaeffectnews
Something can be true even if the whole world thinks it's wrong.
The average of people with the ability of cognitive thought to give 'reasons' to what they're thinking.. or opine over.. is not the same as "Reason". This whole video is just a dilution of reason. There's no future or past of reasoning there's just reason. Logical fact-based statements.. have some labor of proof.. other statements have none. You want to make a video on the future of Sense vs Non-sense? Gimme a break.
3:00 oh yeah
Okay, so who is gonna cut the intro to the ending of Fight Club?
Nice. Just nice.
14:12 I do and fail many times and come off as "rude", I don't really understand how they get to the conclusion of me being "rude", but I think it hurts me just as much as it does many people who can easily tell(rude in "" because I don't think I understand... it i guess)
We need communism to stop capitalism
3 seconds in.  Where is my mind . ... IIYSTS UNDERWATERRRR!!
If you show this to a Twitter keyboard warrior they'll probably go insane
V sauce you must not know all married people ain loyal 😂
All of Vsauce's videos are awesome.
🕊
I always have enjoyed your content by you lost my interest on this one when you plugged Bill Gates book.
The future of reason i not to reason about the past.
Hello there viisaus <— see what i did there? Tip it is  🇫🇮
i couldnt help but think of the pixies song where is my mind when he started talking, someone make a video syncing them PLEASE
0:05 it's in the water, see it swiming
@2:00 proliferation of concrete is not progress. It will help destroy the life supporting eco-system, unless it’s an innovative sustainable type of “green” concrete.  Sadly, at the rate Vsauce cites, this seems very unlikely. We are screwed
This is the most awesome elephant! Lottocracy. What an idea!
I had such an ear to ear grin when the music kicked in
Vsause is my education
New Cool Word - Awesomeometer!
The lottocracy sounds like a good idea, maybe there could be some kind of system where good people and the best potential role models get higher chances of being picked
This is what schools should be showing in class
The music in minute 15:15 is so distracting ......, sigh
Michael just doesn't miss
How to avoid climate disaster? Invest in nuclear power. It's already very safe and very reliable. Put more research into it and you can improve it even more. Wind and solar are good in theory but in practice they're very inefficient and use more coal and oil for the same amount of energy output than just straight up burning coal and oil for power. Unless there is some miracle breakthrough in solar/wind it will never be viable enough to stop any sort of ill effects of climate change.
RIP Vsauce, Bill Gay
I am so happy this Channel exists
The ending 😢
Yet to be dissatisfied after years. Love you VSauce.
Fuck yeah. No more career politicians!
Sounds like a form of anarchism in the good way, not the kind that hands all power over to corporations and not the colloquial kind that people just use to mean chaos
That was magnificent, thank you for what you are doing Mickael.
been having a terrible day then i see new vsauce time to drop everything smoke lay back listen and learn. much love to you all one love
he's back, yus
Wait, so you showed us a problem that exists, but now what do I do to help solve this? Is this just another reason to be sad lol
"Hyperobjects" is spelled wrong in the description
We do not yet have enough people who are interested in questioning their beliefs and biases, so it may take a while longer until we finally reach the tipping point and collectively ditch irrational ideas.
Look up the constitution of the Spartans, they had a lottocracy of sorts. Obviously they had two kings, but they were consistently held accountable to 5 random citizens, the ephors.
They are turning the frigging frogs gay!
But that's the rub, isn't it?
Joke at 18:05 is awesome
Vsauce is a philosopher of this age
Humans are made for systems of liberal democracy. No matter what a power hungry authoritarian says.
I'm at Temple Uni in Philly studying Psy and Phl because of this man - Michael be proud of me
Hivemind
My mind is way out in the water, see it swimming
well... humans breathing release a lot of these harmfull molecules... KILL ALL HUMANS! PROBLEM SOLVED! I'M A GENIUS! THANK YOU!
4:00 How? The Beast System. But it's gonna fall.
5:43, thats all you need
I have come to the conclusion this video has come to, but I was unable to put it. Into words. You did that. Thanks .
I watched the episode "do you know yourself" from mindfield, but this segment they showed in this video is not in it. Strange...is this an alternate reality?
we have to stop the cultural war of our society, we have to show that both sides have problems, it’s becoming frustrating and dangerous, it’s destroying us
Its interesting that he chose to refer to the proposed solution as lottocracy instead of the more common name, Sortition.
Myself, an autistic individual, listening to Michael talking about how we don't calculate whether a person is upset by analyzing facial features: Oh honey... that's the only way I can tell if someone is upset.  I still have to intuit the underlying cause, though.
I love how it all came back to the jelatinous lump of meat...
The future of YouTube is going downhill (not really). The pregnancy videos are out of control now like prank channels were years back. Idgaf about your life going live and if you like it then go to the Dark Web where you can stalk peoples lives. People being born isn’t a new concept! We should find out more about our universe.   and watching the future of reasoning is..
Oh come on, Interventionista Gates? I expected more from you, Mike.
My guy is gonna start an entire political movement, count me in
This is literally the best video I have ever seen on YouTube. So many of ideas that I've been thinking about for years are now resolved & make more sense. Much love Vsauce, THANK YOU!
No one: Vsauce: *materializes out of nowhere*
This video is Peak Vsauce.
vsauce turned to megamind for a second
I'm at a point that whatever he says I just blindly trust him, I don't even question myself
The one thing thats more powerful than reason, is money...  Money can create, corrupt, destroy and change...  Everything...  So if we really want change, we should not go after the weak and poor, but after the rich, the powerful, and the charismatic...
Where is my Mind?
everytime i watch a vsauce video i feel like a whole new part of my brain just got unlocked
If reasons are only made to justify existing beliefs, what makes a reason compelling? Why would anyone change their mind in an argument, when their mind does not actually follow reason?
This was incredible
LOVED IT till ya sided with Bill Gates
Vsauce, I don't come here for fearmongering. Knock this shit off.
Vsauce: 'Literally makes a video on reasoning (governmental jurisdiction), during a literal pandemic' Me: Well played
through the entire time that I've been in school I find it really surprising that not once did any of them ever use a video from Vsauce. When I've learned more here in 30 minutes then one quarter of the school year.
I’m not saying Vsauce is Batman, but that is what I’m saying.
Finally, another Vsauce video! Time to wait another year.
Just doing dictator ship
🥶🥶🥶
Michael did it again! Providing a lot of food for thought... ehh for reasoning I mean.
(Married) Paul looking at (unmarried) Mary = *Yes.* ("married looking at unmarried".) (Married) Paul looking at (married)  Mary = *No.* (NOT "married looking at unmarried".) (Married) Mary looking at (unmarried) Peter = *Yes.* ("married looking at unmarried".) (Unmarried) Mary looking at (unmarried) Peter = *No.* (NOT "married looking at unmarried".)  Paul looking at Mary doesn't mean she's looking at him.. Am I retarded or did I outsmart Michael and everyone else?
That one time when michael did not changed his subject and told us about political institutions with full sincerity
Believe it or not, my awesome-ometer shows Michael is off the scale !
What the hell is that orange and black device?
The fact that you didn’t start playing the Pixies song after starting the video with “where is your mind?” is a tragedy and a travesty.
This might actually be one of the most important videos on the Internet.
18:27 coupon! woo hoo!
Fake science
Humanity dreams for the day michael hearts a comment
5:47 Ah! There it is...
Hello Brother/sister.. I invite you to listen to Quran and study Islam.. It's the reason why we are here.. When you study Islam from right sources you will find all answers..  I invite you to read Quran.. Read about prophet Muhammed life..he was sent by the god to all humans .. And may Allah guides you to right path which is Islam" in Arabic means submission to the one who created us.". And Allah in Arabic means the god.. He is the most powerful.. Most merciful.. There is nothing like him..  He created us all . And all things.. humans.. jins.. angels .planets.. trees.. oceans..galaxies...... Etc everything worship Allah ..  We love him and we fear him..  We believe in him.. he is the one and only.. He has no son no wife no partner... There is nothing like him. . Also I invite you to watch videos of : Ahmed deedat,, zakir naik,,street dawah..mufti menk..  May Allah bless you and guides you Peace 🌸❣️.. Dr zakir naik official channel :  https://youtube.com/c/Drzakirchannel Dawah is easy channel :  https://youtube.com/user/DawahIsEasy Mufti menk :  https://youtube.com/c/MuftimenkOfficial The deen show :  https://youtube.com/c/TheDeenShowTV Mohammed hijab  channel : https://youtube.com/c/MohammedHijab Islam net channel : https://youtube.com/c/IslamNetVideo SC dawah channel :  https://youtube.com/c/scdawahchannel
I do not to want to watch VSAUCE new video, because thn I will not have anything new left to Watch !!!!!
So many discouraging words in the comments. Whatever Michael has been up to between Mind Field and this, I’m looking forward to more of this classic content, even if it does take a while. (The shorts have also been fun!)
Alright, what do I do with this information.
The captions are a bit off a times, for example 11:29 something comes up that he doesn’t say
ah yes. i am socially akward because evolution decided to screw over my reasoning and beliefs :/
The lone reasoners tend to choose to stay silent; choosing not to engage because they believe their voices will never be heard.
Vsauce is legitimately educational and sooo fun to watch. Keep it up. Can't wait for the next upload :) .
Based Michael
i like the aesthetic
holy fick is this a good video
O K
hey, i have that same chair
Made in Partnership with Bill Gates? That about says it all right there....
This topic is needed right now.
Would be good. But massive corps control the world. Not nations or governments.
IVE BEEN LOOKING FOR THIS
Hey
It won't be America who implements new forms of government, people are way too divided that they'll harass their own family members for different opinions
This is Vsauce’s best video yet. I feel like the channel has become even better than it was before at talking about everything and somehow linking it all together.
0:40 ur just describing me
Rich, powerful people like bill gates, would rather write a book then to actively try to stop a disaster. Spending lots of money on "hyperloop" like elon musk and making grand promises on colonizing Mars, instead of fighting  climate change and other problems here on our home planet.  While the average working class people, just don't think about consequences. They don't care. They just mind their own business. Every day is the same.
Reminds me of a lot of what the second centruy Roman emperor Marcus Aurelius says in Meditations.   "When you wake up in the morning, tell yourself: the people I deal with today will be meddling, ungrateful, arrogant, dishonest, jealous and surly. They are like this because they can't tell good from evil. But I have seen the beauty of good, and the ugliness of evil, and have recognized that the wrongdoer has a nature related to my own - not of the same blood and birth, but the same mind, and possessing a share of the divine. And so none of them can hurt me. No one can implicate me in ugliness. Nor can I feel angry at my relative, or hate him. We were born to work together like feet, hands and eyes, like the two rows of teeth, upper and lower. To obstruct each other is unnatural. To feel anger at someone, to turn your back on him: these are unnatural.
I SWEAR TO GOD MAN WHY ARE YOU SO GOOD?
The sort of debates proposed can be done in a virtual environment. Streaming.  People get together in streams and discuss their favorite things all the time. So what if that spare time watching streams is put into brainstorming solutions to, what did he call it, hyperobjects?
Day 2 of asking for a liminal space video even if it’s shorta
Internet is preparing you for a debate that will never occur to you.
The way I conceptualize humanity's damage to the plant is that modern society and technology have a price that is payed for by the future. This price can be changed, but it will never be zero.
Bro become a scientist
The problem? There's too many people alive. These billions of people need to eat, so that's at _least_ 2 billion plates worth of food, per day. Now, consider the logistics and refining that goes into producing all of that food. Now, do it again with clothes, except this time, consider that it's now approaching 3 billion articles of clothes. Ok, we could do this forever, so let's get to the point - Until you consider the above facts, you can't even begin to handle climate change. The more we embrace open borders, the more regional problems of overpopulation become a global problem.  It doesn't matter if you're capitalist or communist or whatever, no system of economics can handle this problem without considering overpopulation. Of course, not unless you cut out the rest of the world from your worldview. If you do that, then it becomes a problem that goes from 'impossible to handle,' to 'manageable, but so long as I plan for myself and my kids. The rest of the world is effectively doomed.' The thing is, it effectively is doomed. Nothing is going to stop people from having infinite kids, not unless there's a global nuclear war that scours a huge portion of the population from existence, poisoning the future ones along with it - because honestly, that's what it'd take. You're probably not going to see a healthy natural environment anymore, at least not outside of a reserve, or maybe some sort of futuristic satellite with centrifugal gravity that replicates a natural ecosystem, should something like that ever come to be.  If we're reaching the limits of what the world can handle, then so be it. To expect that we'll always be doing things 'better' or be 'better' off in the future is simply naivete at best, and ideological blindness at worst.
Damn
"and I decided to do this video in partnership with him and his team..... because he's bill flipping gates"
13:57 the first thought in my head? "Ahhh, Karens."
You have to wonder how high he gets before this
God I missed these videos
Is love, intution ?
Anything can be a rabbit hole if you think hard enough
I think this may be the best one from Vsauce so far
(Comment was deleted) Yeah, Bill gates wants to put light blocking particles in the atmosphere to block the sun which will cause droughts and crops to not grow and an increase in pathogens like it has before with volcanic winters. Which makes it all the more reasons to believe that this same guy would be crazy enough to let out a man made virus in another country for population control and too capitalize off the vaccine that he owns and he has tons of stocks in phizer before all this happened, the company making the vaccines. He was warning about a pandemic in TED talk show 5 years before and had a program called the “great restart” on his web page months before this happened. Guy doesn’t have compassion he treats humans like cattle.
(slow Clap) The internet doesn't work like the jellybeans... Only the answers that match the group count.  All others are not allowed to speak - or worse still be ostracised because of their opinions.  Group bias breeds the "right" answer.  And when that answer doesn't actually answer the question - the question is changed so that it matches the answer.  It's hard to explain to a class of Ethics students how right and wrong have changed over the years.  And it doesn't mean that it was right before - but that also doesn't mean we are right now, either.  I remember watching Vsauce a couple of years back when he talked about how the next generation was likely to start near 2025, and I thought... something pretty scary or amazing is going to happen pretty soon.   Wow, Vsauce.  Wow.   Since you can tell the future, please tell us some good news.
In a few years Bill Gates will be blamed for the climate disaster, because he warned humanity about the danger, as it is today with the Coronavirus 😅
I will guess there's 576 trillion jelly beans next time.
Thanks for ruining my sleep, bro.
26:45 anyone feel 3D audio of his voice when you put your headphones.. I notice.. Who other..?
1:58 I was disappointed when it didn't play the classic vsauce song at this moment
I love this man
This was such a good video, felt like a classic story telling/informative video from Michael again. Rather than the weird self aware meme Michael lol
For citizens assemblies to come forth you’d need the established government to give way
It's been 84 years...
life is an illusion
Wait, Michael is innocent Lester.
Nani 200k likes now
Bill Gates, one of the richest men in the world talking about climate change. He will only solve climate change if he profits from it. It's sad Michael is collaborating with the hypocrite.
Lost me at Bill Gates Bro...
I thought u did magic like Scott Lang when u said phone
Timothy Morton. My brain: Timothy Horton. Tim Hortons.
alright this is fucking genius
For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. (Romans 6:23) There is nothing more important then getting right with the Creator, Jesus Christ.  Those that refuse to come before him and repent with godly sorrow for sinning against him will stand before him in judgment and be cast into the lake of fire. And as it is appointed unto men once to die, but after this the judgment: (Heb 9:27) And whosoever was not found written in the book of life was cast into the lake of fire. (Revelation 20:15)
Your personal molecule dance party button: 2:59
We've done it boys, we solved climate change!
It is incredible how many people have commented  positively after watching this video (all comments really) without actually using their reasoning abilities to see through all of the errors in "Michael's" theory. The first error is that since we don't find proof of other life in the universe, that is "evidence" that other life has ceased to exist because of a "filter" called a "hyper object". This incorrectly assumes that life exists or rather has existed elsewhere in the universe without having any proof whatsoever.   Since the "Hyper Object filter" theory is now debunked, we can bypass all the other errors Mike presents and move directly to his incorrect conclusion which is what our future government should look like "Lottocracy".  This proposal is to have a group of people selected at random, get paid, and listen to "experts" about a subject to make important decisions for the masses?  Who decides how they are selected at random? what system is used? Dominion? Who is in control of the Random people Generator? and who gets to pick the so called experts? experts don't agree in their respective fields either.    Sorry Mikey, your whole line of reasoning is skewed from the very beginning and it is surprising nobody has commented negatively on your slight of hand.
What if we really didn’t think with our Brian, what if it’s our lungs 🫁 instead
Now THIS a video I like!  Food for thought!  Almost like a veritasium video.
@16:25   dude straight up described my ex there
Good to finally get confirmation of Michael's Illuminati status.
Im not mentally ill but i do think that logic is overrated  ~The OA
I love you Michael.
This video sucks, dude. Bill Gates is a billionaire with more money than any human could properly comprehend. Despite being a major philanthropist, he's accumulated more and more wealth over the recent decades. (Philanthropy by people like him is just paying for good PR.) We should tax the hell out of billionaires like him and use that money to actually solve global warming.
the jelly bean example is so misleading >.< it gets used constantly and it makes people think that a group of collaborating people are more likely to end up with a correct result.. it doesn't  plus it only 'works' on things with a single correct answer, and where the people are answering 100% on their own.  --- (the average being *closer* to the correct answer doesn't even mean anything.. it's still not the correct answer -.-)
Vsauce: “Hey guys, Yearly Dose of Humanity here.” Best sauce ever!
Is there any example when evolution deals with problems of the future?
I would hardly think the standard of living would increase if the world turn into New York it’s a dump
My man just called me dumb for half hour
The seems like the season finale of the human species
Funny thing actually in the example about realising someone's upset, figuring it out through conscious guesswork from the observations is exactly how it is for a lot of autistic people such as myself. There's classes given to autistic kids nowadays that show them different expressions and what they mean because for us it actually isn't an intuitive thing at all
I wish more people could hear this
Join r/lottocracy on reddit please.
Powerful stuff.
This is weird. I have been trying to think of a way to figure out how to fix the planet. the war, the resources, the weather, the emissions, the co-operation, etc. like, how can i get this message out there. what can be done?.  this topic has been on my mind for months and now you come along with an almighty kickstart to my current thoughts. there has to be a way for us all to live in a balance with earth at least until we can leave her. if anyone has more thoughts on this, please discuss at length, but don't fight.
"Where is your Mind?" If I'm not mistaken, Michael, it's waaaaay out in the water, do you see it swimming? 🤔
"Calming voices"
Not gonna lie, I was pretty anxious this morning already and that intro about gave me a panic attack
Lol you got bought by Bill Gates what a shame.
Michael,  I would like to open private correspondence with you. My background relevant to this communication is in western occultism and the contemporary study and practice of Black Magic.    Getting straight to the point, a lot of what you discussed in this video sounds relevant to my current work with Gurdjieff's teachings and some stuff from our school, which is similar to a Greek classic philosophical school. I'd like to chat with you about it sometime if you get a chance. It would be a good chance to exchange "exotic" Information so to speak, and I think you'd find the current state of western occultism interesting. Please do let me know how to contact you, as I'd rather not open my email to the chaos of the public.   Sincerely, -Km  P.S if anyone reads this and found it interesting, like the comment for visibility. We can all achieve more together.
This has to be turned to a rap song.
I don't know if we want a random group to people to decide if people should get vaccinated or if pi equals 3.0.
What a perfect video for my philosophy classes (Éthique et Politique). There's a lot of ideas similiar to Hans Jonas responsibility principle.
Yeah this has changed the way I view everything. It hasn’t necessarily changed my views nor the things I care about but I see everything differently now. I feel like this is a video everyone needs to see.
Nah we are just a computer designed by interdimensional beings to find the question about life, the universe and everything to which the answer is 42.
Even though Vsauce says this... Remember that it will literally not change society in any way. Unless you go out and do something. So go do something.
Disagreements sharpen ideas?
Use Logic & Reason? No thanks, I'll stick to Ableton.
Michael has become more powerful than we could ever imagine. Not just is he all-knowing but he also learned how to teleport and create matter in any shape and form out of thin air. This man is dangerous!
This would be nice...a little doubtful though based on my observations/experience. Our crooked leaders aren't going to want to relinquish control and (sadly) the average person too stupid or bogged down by life to care about things and will reason they would rather not think about it.
I missed these :(
0:05 It's in the water see it swimming
Great video Vsauce! Your use of 'confirmation bias' may be better explained as 'motivated reasoning' for the purposes you described.
The thought that a bunch of randomly selected people are no more different than the elected leaders of a nation is an eye opener. I mean think about it, if every decision was to be taken by a different group of randomly selected people then corruption would decrease exponentially. And even if the conclusion/decision is unpopular, the people wont have anyone to blame but themselves reducing social conflicts. That will be peak governance. +1 for lottocracy
"special interests" (and influence) would be among the trainers for such a group.... but their effectiveness would be far more randomized.... some people they couldn't find background on and manipulate...
That "Together" at 21:44 with your fingers making a triangle is strange. 🌚 Whats the reason? 🤣
Ah yes, The World isn't a logic puzzle it's Dio's Stand.
Ah yes, finally, Vsauce reached *Anarchism*
The emitted gases get used up too, plants and some type of bacteria consume it.  Nature always finds a balance there is nothing new under the sun.
How will we wake up the masses when they are trapped in their egos? They don't see the problem. They don't know how completely brainwashed they are. They were born into bondage. They suffer from cognitive dissonance. They worship "money". They believe they are more intelligent than the humans that built the world they live in and enjoy. They don't understand the unintended consiquences of their addictions and their source of comfort. They sleep. We live.
Remember guys, Vsauce is not an elephant!
i spaced out for like a second while watching this and now i have no idea what hes talking about
Xd got the exact same ikea chair nice
production quality is so great on these videos that i don’t even care how long it takes for him to post.
Bruh
12:32. You mean like goverments stop vacinating because of 6 deaths. Even though covid has 3million deaths. Appearently 6people are worth more than 3million.
based anarcho lottocracy
lets see how many subscribers I can get from this comment... Currently: 476
Bill Gates probably emits more CO2 than an Indian village or many villages
Wait WHAT!? Not everyone has l measuring tape tenticle eyes?!
Video idea: What are blind people actually see ?!?..!?
🤔
Alt title: explaining Trump supporters 🤣
"everyone else is an idiot, if they thought how I thought everything would be perfect" is a far too common idealism
Vocal athiests are living off confirmational biases. They never welcome new info and ridicule anyone who believe in God. Met too many athiests of those kinds.
LMAO like the future of reasoning is gonna be about BLM and Sniffer Joe Biden that's for sure you Lefty VSauce
did vsauce just upload
I like your subtle nod to Spiderman... "With power comes responsibility."
We all just gonna ignore he partnered up with BILL GATES, like dude, his company made what I'm watching this on.
For the algorithm , What a banger of a video !
Michle is my favorite yotuber... "Or is he?"
Deliberation days sound legit
10:59 literally the “Yes” to everything meme
This topic reminds me of a book called “The Illusion of Knowledge: Why We Never Think Alone”
Talk to me baby, give me some science, give me some logic
I am here for the info but stay for the edits
As someone who worked retail, the idea of having some random citizen make a crucial government decision is the scariest thought imaginable. I mean, have you ever met the average person?
The notes you write down is not part of you mind, unless you memorize it.  You can access the note if you remember where the notes are.  If you lost the notes, they are gone.  They are never part of your mind.
a tool that claims to do multiple things aint good for anything. everything has its purpose. you either get the tool that does 1-2 jobs and does it well, or you get a tool that claims that it can replace 5 tools and its not going to do anything those tools could do.
11:40 Can we measure it with an awes - ometer
Michael, you're an excellent human. Thank you.
5:50, british colonised Hindustan for 250years thinking that we were barbaric people amd needed their technology but in fact we quite happy living without the British so that idea of reasoming depin individual perspectives tbh.
*0:01** That's IKEA's Milberget chair. 👍*
Vsauce 1 videos are a scarce resource.
Too many people use emotion to advocate for policy change instead of reason nowadays
Great to have a new episode!
Bill Gates? Really?
💗
Spoiler alert! Mary is a divorced Catholic!
Jury service
Sorry Michael I just can't stand a billionaire telling us how to save the world fucked up by them. He bought the only public domain vaccine for Covid19, fuck that.
Where is My Mind - The Pixies  Fight Club 1999
I want Michael's superpower of being able to summon any book you're talking about into your hands.
Thank you michael, i love you
Its almoat like we should invest in nuclear
Utterly brilliant Michael... hopefully it changes the minds of those who have the power.
maybe he makes less videos because he wants us to think about each one more
Time for the HIVE MIND
NEW VID!
I love the message but I worry that it will just be forgotten before it can benefit our world.
I used to watch Vsauce quite  a bit until I got fed up with the double speak and shell game format. Question everything that this channel tries to feed you!
vsauce for president
This is one of your best videos by far!
The return of the king.
i want nothing to do with bill gates or any billionaire and i find it very ironic he would support this idea to any capacity. also the only way to insure that special interests aka capitalists to not use their power to influence elections and policy is to eliminate the system that gave them that power: capitalism. a lottocracy is very much a funny idea though, i dont see it working for such large scale decisions and i dont find it any more democratic than a system that abolish class distinctions and had voting on smaller levels
We need a lottocracy! Let’s get the right number of jellybeans, together.
Why does it sounds like collective consciousness.....
I really love that he's used the music from his old videos.
haha wow looks like Vsauce sold out big time. Nice cover photo with the illuminati eye with a snake coming out of it. How does Bill Gates' johnson taste buddy?
Why not fix all hyper objects by finally getting to super-intelligent AI and letting that figure it out?  When you play the game Civilization and you are one turn away from a technological victory, you don't try to achieve all the other victories first.
I love Michael so much
A comment for the downvoters:  What's your reasoning?
so we are all wrong all the time.
I like the cover
This 30 minute dose is more important than 30  months of just living.
Got to the first mention of Bill Gates, disliked and closed.
Already got 2m views in 24 hours, Vsauce truly has an active fanbase
is this a mistake... this is a real video?
Were Jesus or Buddha lone reasoners or not?
We need something like the following steps BEFORE discourse: Establish what we both care about and why it's important, what we're trying to avoid or accomplish. Explain the other side, gains and concerns, to the point where they say yes, you get it. Scrutinize whether we've set things up to corner or stack the board to restrict what the other person can say or have to agree too, and try to reach a more uniting goal. THEN go through what you've been able to gather, together. I think if we can keep circling back to making the other person know you're working with them, even if you're pulling in a totally different direction method-wise, then we can at least be pulling in the same direction why-we're-even-debating-wise. Goal number 0 is what's missing, this... not talking past each other as the most primary feature of any discussion.
I kept seeing this in my recommended but always ignored it because I didn't see that it was vsauce
bruhhhhh why is this channel suddenly becoming political propaganda TOO? We get it EVERYWHERE else, why here too?
Welcome back to the internet, Vsauce, Michael.
Told ya it is going to be every half a year.
Honestly so thankful you’re back thanks a lot for what you do... the content and your style is absolutely genius ❤️
nice ikea millberget
SOUNDS SO BOUND WITH THE SYSTEM AGENDAS ANDS NARRATIVES ...
My fav podcast Philosophize This! has a little 24 min episode called “Consequences of Reason”. Plus plenty of episodes on language/semiotics. Really changed my perspective on pretty much everything
"We don't trust big decisions to individual people"  Except to Bill Gates when it comes to vaccine policy
I would prefer technobladian
Until China and India does literally ANYTHING to help with this crisis I don't want to hear about it.  ESPECIALLY from eugenicist and mass-murderer Bill Gates.
maybe best video you've done, imho
Awwww Michael, I love your channel and your spirit to teach people but when you sit on a table and talk just like that, it seems boring, when you move around, it seems more Interesting
STANDING OVATION! 🙌🏻
Ha! Nevermind, you did know!
Oh fuck Michael is making videos again
There's a reason why we don't use Democracy anymore lmao
Bla bla bla
Conservatives not believing in climate change will be the end of humanity
27:25 "with offices in buildings you can't access" - Um.... there's a man with a horned helmet you might want to talk to
Alternative title of this episode: "Vsauce: Endgame"
doing that algorithm thing so maybe more people see this. Speak it into being yanno
Me: Give me the real Vsauce back! *gets Mind Field Me: I said REAL Vsauce * gets The Future of Reasoning Me: perfection.
Hmmm. Does reasoning have a "purpose". Surely reasoning has no more purpose than a hammer has desire to drive nails.
Vsauce is an awesomeometer, just putting that out there <3
Simply amazing, thank you Micheal form educating me. You are an inspiration
"This video is surely something everyone ought to heed. Except for me. My reasoning is unimpeachable."  -Everyone
Here's another logical puzzle :  - Global warming is caused by fossil fuels - Fossil fuels are by far the most profitable form of energy - Capitalism maximizes profit - Bill made his fortune thanks to capitalism  Does Bill actually fight global warming when he uses his money to do so ?
Thank you for the upload my guy
A rozmawiał Pan kiedyś z motłochem?
That was definitely “the rub”
Yay new video!!!!
This video should be retitled: "why censorship is bad"
I know he knows this already but this isn't anything new he's basically just describing entropy. nothing we can do about entropy. only live the best lives we can while it happens.
This is the cure for ideologues
You are getting older buddy
GREAT GREAT GREAT video, man
Another advantage we have is we're the most cruel species on earth
We're irrational creatures that try to use rationality to explain the world around us actually
Dr. Topias Belgrado already stated this problem
King
10 seconds into the video and already an existential crisis .
My mind is in *space*
it took you till 5:50 to go back to your roots.
This is so complicated
Once the population becomes noticeably smaller, what will happen then? Yes there are a whole lot of people alive today, and nd there are still babies being born. But because it still takes one male and one female to create one baby, it will reduce the population by half if that's all that they have.
So the future of reasoning is sheep mentality?Lmao, i see what you did there,Hitler agrees with you lol.
The second you brought up Bill Gates who is NOT a Medical Professional nor his he a scientist. Thumb down 👎 He is a fraud. Liar. Wants to depopulate the planet. He wants to cause sterility in men and women. He wants to kill off humans in order to achieve a scam of Zero Carbon emissions when the soil of our earth  🌎 if taken care of properly the soil and mycelium can pull the carbon from the atmosphere.  You video gets an immediate thumbs down for buying into the Bill Gates propaganda. I'm disappointed in your channel.
This is certainly different from Michael's older style and much more focused but it's equally awesome and rewarding nonetheless.
A couple million who watch is not a comparable lot.
I miss the music 🎶🎶 tun tunnun...
Lottocracy should definitely be the future
The brain is the most important organ in the body, according to the brain.
You lost me at Lottocracy. The trial of Chauvin showed how that can fail. The same can be said for Scientism.
Bill Gates is a bit of a maniac
The world is full of rationality and irrationality
I at least find it comforting knowing that if we were to wipe ourselves out life would still bounce back in a few million years and go on as if we never even existed at all.
Perhaps one of the worst Vsauce videos yet. And worse, sponsored by Bill Gates... and it shows.
This vinesauce dude is pretty funny, i cant wait for his next video
What if instead of time traveling being future people traveling to the past, it's gonna end up creating the past in the future as it is now, but the future can interact with it. The past essentially happens twice, but more like an extra on top of the future. Got this idea when he said quantum reviving or something at the end.
good job, I wonder if you understand what you said when you said "whether or not a species can extend their empathy might be a great filter"
God has spoken through this bald headed cheap version of Heisenberg. Insane content, always.
OMGEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE This is an absolutely amazing video and idea!! I've heard of a lottocracy before too, but I love how he brings it all together with research, psychology, and historical data. Paying attention to how evolution has structured our minds and environments is a key component to figuring out how to create a better world.  I'm super excited to see where this goes and to play my part!! Going to add this to my business plan as well!
classic Vsauce episode
You are an inspiration
and as always, you've crushed it
Hey VSauce, if possible please create a video on this topic 1. When we dream, are we actually seeing ourselves in the parallel universe where the things are same as this world with some changes
Clearly, many governments don't like its citizen to think and reason.
Vsause ... U r obsessed with your Intellect . O man 😐
*Girlfriend starts vacuuming* Me: "SHUT UP VSAUCE IS ON"
This deserves MORE than one like per person.
I like vsauce
The Great Filter isn't even worth mentioning when more and more evidence points to governments purposely hiding extraterrestrial visitation from the public.  At this point, The Great Filter is just disinfo and won't age well.
I lowkey thought the man was dead. What is your upload schedule?
Beauty in a sea of ugly
V-Sauce's brain takes 3 months to evolve
Aswesometer!!!! ;P
My mind is anywhere
Allistic guy: "People don't go through a checklist to identify that someone is upset"  Some autistic people: "U WUT M8"
Thanks, Micheal.
See yall in half a year
The concept of a lottocracy reminds me of the book and film, 'Twelve Angry Men.'
The fact that this channel is so popular gives me hope for humanity
Make this guy the president of the world
The video God doesn't want you to see
ive been saying for years, we've got 100-200 years left then society is gone
What is the first word ever said?
22:51 Maybe we really do need Twitter so we can have the dumbest of all opinions in one place and use that to smooth out the choices for better accuracy.  At last, Twitter finally has a contribution to society.
A day where the whole world is put in small groups & we just talk about everything? Then repeat? Sounds awesome!
Everybody who enjoyed this episode will enjoy future ecologies scale of change podcast on spotify
Our leaders/politicians are presumably impacted by the ones who support them. It's not a battle of who as an individual is in power but who as a group put them there. The jurors are chosen by culture and American culture is divided into two parties and everyone in these parties vote due to a conformation bias. "Climate change is a hoax" Party believes so, therefore I believe so. Rejecting all reason to come that said conclusion. Who knows what the leader truly believes.
He      Finally       Uploaded      😳😭
Consciousness is a problem that is constantly trying to be solved by your mind
Hi.
Thank you for another great video... and thanks for using the word "behoove" at 19:20
I have nothing smart to say, you covered it all
11:05 Still confused 😕
Climate change nonsense.
Look who found his password
Looks like someone went back to the ayahuasca den
MY VSAUCE fever is back!
Something I’ve never understood: are *we* vsauce? He’s Michael, but he always addresses US as vsauce? Why?
Very interesting points. I think I will seek out discussion groups to challenge my self-reasoned opinions. We could all start a discussion right here about this:  Microsoft recently (march 2021) won a 22 billion dollar contract to develop augmented reality headsets fo the US Army. If Bill Gates profits off of Microsoft, Vsauce profits off of Microsoft through this partnership, so Vsauce profits on War. In my opinion, Vsauce made a bad decision here. What do you think?
Or is it?
Forerunners: Michael is telling humans to create the Domain
Brilliant. Period. \
Some interesting though about this. One man may give the answer as to why he did something: “God told me to.” An other man will give you all kind of “reasons” as to why he did it, but they are all guesses. The first man is closer to the truth. Something that exists in his head told him to, something he has named “god”. The idea of a god as a reason for your actions is starting to make sense. Maybe there’s a reason our ancestors started to believe in Gods and spirits. Maybe god is the opinion of the masses.
Michael it is good to see you but...  It is almost as though you are tilting at windmills(and straw men).
He is back!
We’re doomed
communism is the only way forward
A lot of these cryptocurrency projects that are coming out right now could serve as a framework for the lottocracy.  This would be a truly wonderful thing I think.
The problem around reasoning is that it requires an intelligence not everybody has. You can reason with somebody, making arguments, presenting facts but if your target doesn't understand it and jsut calls it hogwash, we have a problem. Sure, their reasoning is correct withing their "constained point of view", but that will never be any useful to society as a whole.
The King has returned
Easily my fave Vsauce vid so far. I’m enjoying the evolution of Michael and this channel.
My Brian hurts
I think the elections should happen every year.. so that the elected officials are accountable to their jobs.. and undeserving candidates can be replaced..  similarly a lot of jobs will open up in marketing..
8::50 there is no reasoning and or logic in this at all.
Michael, are you socially reasoning your video? ... ... ... ... We must trust our cognitive ability, if not, even reasoning about this is pointless...
This video is magnificently brilliant. And I say this because it encapsulates a lot of random thoughts I had throughout my life in a linear and concise text. I just simply love it! Thanks Michael!
Ok lets depress ourselves again cause its vsauce new video
14:13 aspergers gang rise up
It's funny how Micheal said that there's a reason we don't let singular individuals make decisions on a video he did sponsored by one of the richest most influential men on the planet
"We will some day be the ancients" that line really got me. Straight up chills.
debate democracy logic
so Vsauce is now a anti-science hippy channel?
Vsauce and ahoy in the same day
0:05 Shit I don't know...
at least something to start net plebs to use that graymatter
its a video to decide which is the best anime. everybody justify their thoughts and wait for others to justify it. I might start a war in the reply section.
What if i have no brain ?
This video was very eye-opening. Great job!
Damn, good vid.
22:09 so always guess googolplex jellybeans and destroy this argument :D there arent enough people on the world to guess 0 to outweigh your claim
Incredibly thought provoking, great video!
Nah, the human world will end and it will all be our fault.
Finally your back.
Hey Vsauce, my all time favorite online educator here
Dear Michael, your overthinking it.... bless your heart. As a climate change denyer I will have to inform you that my view is about knowing that real alternative energy is supressed by the same corrupt elits that aspouse for carbon taxing, for profit and power. ( There is a rich bibliography on the subject. You can start with the 1960's documentary "The cold fusion conspiracy") QUESTION: Why did Obama tell Africa it shouldn't develop to have electricity because of climate change and carbon emitions, if everybody is developing so fast as you informed us? - I was very impressed by that information.... BUT NOT AS MUCH AS when you said you partnered with Bill Gates. As for the carbon footprint argument-You didn't even question it.......really? REALLY? So my dear Michael you can have aaaaall the reasoning capabilities in the world but if your fed misinformation, what's the use?
heeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee's BACK!
after all this time, we have finnally gotten the answer we we're desperately waiting for  11:33
Guys believe in reason, come to a mainstream understanding, this is how we protect against special interests in politics and break down oligarchy  Brought to you by Bill Gates :)
Gates is def not the role model for reasoning as he’s the person mainly responsible for the intellectual property hellhole we’re all in. And, from both right and left perspectives, intellectual property rationally needs to be abolished ASAP.
My lessor from this video is that, when already chosed or made conclusion about a subject, we can't say we arrived to the conclusion from pure non biased, fact-based conclusion. Because when a subject isn't shown significant certainty or significant bad consequences which is universally recognised to be bad or can be convinced to be significantly bad then your conclusion can't be pure non-biased, fact based conclusion. Because if the subject is so loose that it can be neither shown bad or convinced universally then it is impossible to be convinced someone for the subject or against the subject who already made a conclusion.  Because reason why change when it's not required.
Seriously, at 4 minutes he makes all the questions hayek answered in his book "the fatal conceit" then he pulls a book from bill gates lol
Sir, this is a Wendy's.
“VSauace, Herbert Marcuse here...”
If Michael tried to convince me to ABC Burgers, I would not be convinced by what he said... I would agree to McD anyway
Disliked for several reasons. Most of this video is factually wrong. Here are some examples;  https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/number-of-deaths-from-natural-disasters. - total number of deaths from natural disasters around the world has dropped 90% in the last 50 years. Last year was 8000 for a total of all world events.  https://www.nasa.gov/topics/earth/features/vapor_warming.html. - water vapor plays the hugest role in climate over any other chemical. Carbon dioxide is plant food, not a poison, and has little effect on climate in comparison.   There’s too many examples to use here so I’ll keep it short. He literally said he made this video with the bill and melinda gates foundation. This dude is a shill for corrupt science
Bills work with concrete will be revolutionary. Greenhouses produced cheaply and with a lower carbon foot print would help build a stable foundation for society. I’m still imagining the perfect shape, and others have and will too. Hopefully we get there soon.
wait but why?
"Where is your mind?"  Omae wa mou shindeirou.
It'll be fine. We are already switching to renewables.
Every Vsauce video lets me see the world in a totally different way. Love your videos Vsauce!
this was so good! i watched every part of it :D you are underrated
Sorry but imo the music is too loud and really doenst help the video but distracts.
This video is not sponsored by a company manufacturing awesomometers.
I know the whole point of this video is in part to address widespread heavily biased thinking and echo-chambers, and that someone with different political beliefs than me probably has an equivalent analog for this, but.. the entire logic portion of this video feels like one big subtweet at Ben Shapiro and all the other facts and logic warriors out there.
I actually needed this video, and in a serendipitous way, I found it accidentally, to appear. Such coincidence can never occur again... - fun42much
Haha this entire video is in bad faith
HMMM. METHANE. WATER VAPOR. OF COURSE. YES. HMMM...
Darn Vsauce is at it's best in this video.
Bill Gates is responsible for prolonging the pandemic by ensuring the Oxford vaccine was not open sourced
17:00 suddenly a watch teleports in
Everything you post now is basically an ad
Michael will always, till the day I become one of the ancients, be my favorite host.
anyone else have a video of Michael saying prime numbers for 3 hours on the side of their page where he's wearing the same shirt?? 🤣
The root of all Climate problems is OVERPOPULATION
Can we translate it to another languages. Please. People need to see it.
I’ve learnt more from vsauce then this philosophy class
I love how we don't know where Vsause is going with videos but we still have interest
honey wake up... vsauce uploaded....
Suddently just saying "i dunno" for everything just seems reasonable.
Wow, great episode - just shows how some people still deny that differences between races exist.  People in society with power punish those who make a logical conclusion so more social type personalities will just conform their mind.
Michael is one of maybe 4 or 5 people I'd like to be stuck on an elevator with.
We all know what group of people Michael is refering to, who just wants their weak reasons validated...  The man himself said it's pronounced JIF, so it's OVER. Get a life, gifters!
Someone disagrees with Michael's political opinion:  Michael: tHe fUTuRe oF rEaSOniNg
27:19 that bomb dropped hard on me
I agree
More people would support policies impacting carbon emissions if:  1) Actual data was presented, instead of more propaganda and vague false equivalencies. 2) The policies being presented would actually have an impact on carbon emissions. 3) The policies presented would not cause mass poverty and starvation.  The propagandists push paper straws, windmills, and recycling, which do virtually nothing. Then they fearmonger ideas that would actually help, like nuclear power. We implement strict environmental policies in our own country, but then import all of our goods from countries that have none.   The truth is the only solution to our environmental problems is more innovation in energy creation, because our thirst for energy is not going to slow down. This means more nuclear (possibly fusion), or much cheaper solar, and better and cheaper batteries. The only other temporary solution could be globally (good luck) artificially increasing the cost of energy, at the expense of putting billions of people back into extreme poverty.
"they would have to cozy up everyone" wrong; they would only have to cozy up the experts that are relevant to them. Just as many industries do by paying for research and forcing results that benefit them. How is a layman to see past this facade when the very experts that are debriefing them will be lying through their teeth?
Back at Reed in the early 70s some of us decided that the student gov needed something and we ran "Random Freshman" and won....my first Lottocracy!
5:43 - Ah shit, here we go again.
The future is the AI-ocracy, or the Cyberocracy.
At 27:45, a central mistake is revealed: tying evolution to a faith in societal group-think fails to appreciate the realities of our inherent human tendency towards tribalism.  I fear your definition of "us" is far too encompassing to apply to the kind of coherent group that will be needed to tackle an issue as broad in scope and complexity as is global human-derived climate change.  The "we" that is causing this issue is actually a group of groups if you will, collectively behaving in selfish fashion under the realities of the tragedy of the commons.  The same "we" that is causing it will never work as an "us" to create effective change - at least not before the temporal discounting at play is overcome by severe and immediate existential threat.  Consider as an example the "us" that is present within the group known as Americans.  "We" can't even seem to gain a consensus recognition that the global climate conditions we are seeing right now are human derived.  With this undeniable fact in view, how can you believe that a global "us" as a human species is somehow an real thing, capable of acting in what may be assumed to be "our" best interests?
Sharing ideas like this help move humanity forward into something greater than its parts and I think that’s beautiful, this video should be echoed and expanded upon! Great video!
Casually says “that’s why I decided to partner with bill gates...”
legend
7:07 Jordan Peterson has joined the chat
Sause
My boy did a number on humanity once more, let’s learn and push for this.  As always thanks for putting in the work!  PS ‘how to avoid a climate disaster - Bill Gates’ is a must read.
This feels like an important video.
One of the best videos of my lifetime
Vsauce has sold out, this is left wing climate change propaganda BS.
Thank you Michael ❤️ Inspiring me to try harder.
WELL DONE SIR! 👏 Great Video. Thank You.
HOLY SHIT VSAUCE UPLOADED
2 mins. and 22 seconds...Wait? flashbacks are coming... Michael's script is pretty familiar to me... Well, Im about to finish Bill Gates' book...
this is the lesson of our era, and a video for the ages
>This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates I'm out.
Thanks for uploading Vsauce, almost began trusting reality again
me when i stub my toe
Special interests would find some way to suborn a lottocracy the moment one was instituted. What if everybody who got to speak in front of the deliberative body of citizens on climate change was from Prager U or the Competitive Enterprise Institute?
V-Sauce music never gets old
Vsauce 🥰
5:48 there it is
I'm off to reason on the content of this video
Vsause videos are just thoughts he all have made while high but in a video/documentary format.
Thought it was an exurb1a video
The fact that he doesnt put ads  in his videos is amazing
There’s plenty of heavy material in this video but wow that ending
i wish we could hang out
"I am not an elephant"  Cheers for clearing that up Michael
A great example of Lottocracy effectiveness was during the Cuban missile crises, where at multiple points one biased view could have ended the world but from recieving different views throughout the dilemma we avoided a major catastrophe, like when one of the nuclear submarine generals decided to wait for orders instead take action or when the American president decided to take input from his brother instead of his already biased collueges.
That explains why populism is still a thing. It's easier to follow someone that says what you want to listen. Here in South America for example. Many people here is lazy, dishonest, and is convinced that they have the right to be like that because someone says it's ok to be like that, so you vote him/her.
Bill Gates? Thanks but no thanks. I dont do nazi eugenicists. Vandana Shiva all the way.
This is brilliant!
Another day another existential crisis from a vsauce video
I like to think these videos will be taught as away to initiate a spark in mind of people, in future, worldwide, when they reach a certain age or have dropped in productivity
So like when? and how? with this Lottocracy thing
Mystiverse
Wake up babe! New Vsauce video dropped!
"The Future Of Reasoning"   There is none.  Just put on your hoax flu mask and quietly wait for the economy to activate Fallout mode.
After all the protests against oil tax increase (yellow jackets movement) ✊; French government launched a Lottocracy initiave (citizen convention of climate) to propose new rules and policy and promising to implement them using those exact words "without filter".  Actually most of those recommendations were not implemented this way in the end; maybe we discovered what the "Great filter" is actually that day? 🧐
23:00 *cough* Reddit *cough*
Good luck trying to get 195 countries looking the same way, each with different histories, cultures, ethnicities, perspectives and whatnot. Particulary with the big matters that will surely bite us collectively in the backside someday.  Complexity is our bane.
When the world needed him most, he's finally back
Cant wait for another video in 2022
this is a tour de force in education
Sellout
I've been waiting for another video for so long!!
overthinking everything, me too
Ty u r finally here to help me pass 30 mins in this boring quarantine
Where has Michael's cool long beard gone??!! Was it ever there actually?? Do you trust your memory?? Ok. Enough Vsauce for today!!
11:34 but he knows he is damn awesome
Is it just me or went I watch VSauce I feel depressed
Stopped watching the moment you said you were doing this as a partnership with the blow hard Bill Gates.
Very Cool.
0:57 the music reminds me of "Louisiana Hero"... Yeah that was random 😂
5 minutes and 50 seconds in: "Let's begin..."  Okay then. This is the tone we're going for.
*" Are you a Scientist yet? "*
It's really impressive how well I can still understand and follow him even at 2x speed.
A lottocracy would also benefit from a form of the "survivor's guilt" - effect. Someone chosen at random out of millions of other people will feel an obligation to treat his decision very seriously and not make mistakes or overlook important details.
Michael I love you man, but you glossed over the problem.  "...learn from experts..."  Who is selecting these experts?
I honestly believe we will extinct ourselves before any reason comes through.
Hi Michael! Glad to see you. Love your videos.
'[...] [A]rguments are not primarily used to justify, but to criticize; not because criticism is easier, but because justification is impossible.' - p. 58, 59 in: Miller, D. W. (2006). Out of Error. Ashgate
This should be at the top of the trending page. Instead it has degenetates and joggers
His videos are of the highest quality productions and content you can find on the internet.
Lol described CNN, Fox News, MSNBC, etc. without naming them...
🔥🔥🔥🔥
Michael, you’re 10/10 measured by the awesome-ometer!
What if we ask multiple AI to answer how to save the earth? Will we get truth?? 🤔
Mindblowingly beautiful video, I think about these things a lot and what the far future of humanity will look like and us being the future ancients and etc... and this just really brings a lot to the table
Within the first 2 minutes, I'm reminded again why Vsauce is one of the best channels on YouTube.
27:30 This is how you create a People's Republic
You are here for 5:43 I just love it.
wow. Its been a while since I last saw a video that talks of something important and living inside us everyday. Its like a glimpse of our big question of everything... maybe we can do anything good of it soon
Communication with someone doesn’t absorb them into your mind lmao what???
9:27
14:35 - But what is intuition if not exactly what you explained just done so fast its un-noticeable? Aka unconsciously.
We are one big ocean. Let's try not to rock our own boat too hard.
Yes
the background music is so distracting its annoying
Michael has used vsauce funds and his advanced science to create wormholes in which to transport objects from other areas into his hands almost instantly.... thats pretty cool...or is it?  BONG
I talk about climate change on my channel all the time. We are entering a new social contract past the Magna Carta & the US Constitution. VSauce you are the man.
All this is fine a local level. It becomes dumber and dumb the larger up the scam you move
By 2005 all poles would melt.
5:49 HE DID THE THING WITH THE MUSIC AHHHHH
Vsauce videos are just so good!!
Looks like that Ayahuasca really got to him
I think the reasoning behind this video is flawed
Hey Michael, Why have apocalyptic games, movies, shows, and books become so popular in the past few years? What does it say about our culture or society?
but muh bubble is so cozy tho
This is just the scientific version of "Change my mind". LOL!
Very well written and researched Michael. Really appreciate you investing the time to do a topic like this justice! I really got a new insight and curiosity with reasoning now too!
this video is exactly what today's world needs
why do I bother watching Vsauce when Michael starts out with BS ideas like "where is your brain?  is it this piece of paper or on your phone?"
Subbed in 2012, been my teacher since, Gotta get that VSauce music in my playlist, since nostalgia called haha
Yes
5:23  Yo how tf did he pull out that book so fast
what a beautiful piece of work the ideas in this video are amazing
Deadass one of the most important videos to be uploaded in 2021.
We ain't getting through the great filter are we? 🗿
YES
Since a lottorcracy is unlikly, I would really appreciate it if Michael ran for president.
Hi vsauce michael here....  and just like that i felt like he never left xD
they are not mistakes. they are features - when something goes wrong
What an important topic for all of us! Thank you for making a long-form video that is well-paced and uses every moment to build to a conclusion with no fluff. Watching your videos, I feel respected, both in terms of my intelligence and my time.
Vsauce is an example of the great filter. Altruism.
5:14 great Michael sold out! 💔
the reason is you
Extraordinary..
the vsauce jingle hits so different
Let's establish challenging and questioning each others habits and beliefs. I love that idea, we should do it regularly, bc you can never know that you're wrong - as soon as you know you were wrong you've already changed your mind.
Despite only uploading like 2x a year, Michael's videos are always slammers!
Yeah, you believe in what you see. But what you believe you see?
Minds are beautiful, well, some of them 😄
Oof # 12 on trending
Wow
This was spiritual 🥵
Can you ask Jake Chudnow to release 'I'll Send You A Post Card _ What My Nervous Stomach Sounds Like' pls (it's really good :)
Rip old Vsauce music
We have reasons for doing things. But we never give them - I'm not sure we even know those reasons. We can only give excuses and rationalizations for doing things.
wow he's back
Hegel's Geist?
Well, well... the great old one is back.
Vsauce then just pops out below the camera.   Vsauce now has become way too advanced that he started to defy quantum physics and somehow teleported out of nowhere
Why he didn't get old in 8 freakin' years?
Thanks for making
“We learn from history that we do not learn from history” ― Georg Hegel
5:52   Just a time stamp for me
Sooo, right wing ideology is valid according to sauce boi?? Naah...
why the caption is different from what's being said ? 13:58
Yeeeee
1:46 I don't like jow he's slightly offset into the left of the screen
I love Vsauce because his channels do the one thing that no other content creator wants to do. They make me think. And think about things i wouldn't have thought of before. For that i thank you Michael
Make more videos!!!!!! I love them!
the last 5 minutes of this was so inspiering  i legit want to host debates with random peaple now daym ty so Mutch Michal sry for trash english
WTF MICHAELS NOT A FUCKING ELEPHANT???? THATS THE ONLY REASON I WATCH THIS DUDE
great video! don't know if it's just me but the the music is a bit too loud, so it's hard to concentrate on the information. Especially if you have problems with focusing like me. Apart from that I'm super happy to see a new sauce video!
It's about time. I wish Michael would lose some of production value and increase the production output...  Nice to see him again though!
I am not the least surprised that Vsauce Michael would become a globalist mouthpiece for this mass psychosis of "climate change" fearmongering and talk right into the global reset and 0 carbon depopulation talking points.
I just noticed Vsause is literally a ADHD trap for knowledge  Edit: I just noticed this video lasts half an hour and has 4K dislikes
7:35. the great filter idea. i’ve thought abt how we humans seem to tend toward corruption as we get more powerful. what if the next Homo _____ can finally rise above that? this is an idea i’ve been having for a while. really cool to see that there are some similar discussions, because it kinda gives me something to live for (currently suicidal). i’m interested to hear where this video goes.
......i am so disappointed.........working with an evil man...........................
Sponsored by Bill Gates, lover of intellectual property for everything including life saving vaccines!
“Instead of using reasoning to come to conclusions, we use conclusions to come to reasons.”
"We will all some day be teachers ourselves, because some day we will all be history" Noice!
Michael is quite literally just a gift from god, what an absolute unit
Thank you so much!!!
People like you make me recover my faith on humanity. I'll translate this to spanish so it can reach more people 🙏 respeto .
Lord Gates just ruined Vsauce
I think you just blew our mind...
Haha... the crowd is also more subject to manipulation than the individual..
jeez 8k is real
The lungs deliver oxygen to the heart, The heart pumps blood through the brain, Think with your heart. Oxygen is made of light!
Vsauce has officially entered the secular mystical Realm of the left. Just as crazy and religious as the right, but without the explicit ghosts and demons.
Aliens are probably just humans that mutated from living in other atmospheres, Gravity, Different soil miniral composition.
Weird thought ...Foreskins are like umbilical cords, The tip of the ureatera looks like a vagina 😐
“Hey, VSause, Michael here!”
The industrial revolution and it's consequences. 2:50
Its 6:30 am, I haven't slept, and this is too much for me at this time
Sorry Michael, but once you brought in Bill Gates the cLiMaTe dISaStEr you showed your hand as being part of the liberal media system. Global warming is not a crisis or a disaster. It's a long term and very solvable problem. Don't fall into the trap of media hysteria.
19:15 this mans vocab is insane
absolute banger!
This is just one big polemic against individualism and for collectivist thought being the future of humanity lmao, these aren't really new ideas.
Me: Hey wanna go on a date sometime this weekend? Her: Sorry I got other plans. Me: Hmm social reasoning I see.
Ways to help fix the world 😊 There should be more information about removing toxins from foods that are in grocery stores. Pesticides stop being used on crops, farms so negative birth defects, illness stops happening. knowing which toxins cause birth defects, Mental, Emotional, bodily problems so they stop being in the in our environments. Lands waters, Airs to be clensed of toxins. Pesticides to stop being used on farms so people stop having negative birth defects, mutations. Medications becomming more holsitic healthy, for harmful Pharmaceuticals to stop being manufactured. Animals to be treated better on farms, Eating sad animals causes depression/health problems, They say you are what you eat there is enery transference. It would also help stop hurtful mutations or health problems.   Filters made for vehicle mufflers to stop carbon monoxide from being in the air, filters made for smoke stacks for industrial mills. Stores can be built with ventilation systyms in the floor that push the air into vents pulling air into the celing, That would help stop harmful airborn pathogens, viruses from spreading.   Places with high levels of radiation should be cleaned, Certain strains of mushrooms absord alpha, beta, gamma, radiation!  We start using more clean energy sources that are not harmful to the planet or the people.   Homes provided for the homless, Not homless shelters but a comfortable place they can actually thrive have sense of well being, comfort.   People to be able to work less so they can not he tired all the time, actually having time to be with their families, friends.  The military to be repurposed to build better healthier infrastructure globally. So famalies stop losing their loved ones. People become more compassionate for each other.  There can be more effecient filters made for the water processing plants. Instead of collecting trash to be taken to a land fill there can be places like factories that burn the trash the smoke being caught in a filter/ more efficient recycling. Packaging becomes biodegradable so there's less waste.   People to live in compassion for each other, To stop fighting to get along for the greater common good for each other, We lead by example be the change you want to see😊🙏 *****Please spread this information*****
Never disappoints I love this
The return of god.
Virgin reason: 2+2=4 because if you take 2 sticks and add 2 more, you'll get 4 Chad logic: 2+2=2*2
michael basically said overthrow the gov
If trump watches this video, he will shut down forever lol.. too much thinking
And as always thanks for the videos.
michael pls i’m begging make a video about reality shifting it’s so interesting
A conversation between vsauce and sadhguru would be fantastic
Hey your mind is in your neck. It controls muscles to perform necessary tasks for growth and development. Your thoughts are your own to keep or disregard. Faces however, do get stored in the brain for pattern recognition, for breathing control and chemical management.
I'm here because I'm curious about the millions views in just one day...
V-Man: Prepare ... for unintended consequences
I love this guy
It's hard to see a world around you who gets technology growing at a rapid rate and new information daily. Yet neither society or the people try to adapt to this new way of thinking and changing constantly while keeping awareness on new upcoming things and debates. They just shut down and gets absorbed into a simple collective work flow. The same when somebody has said "that's just how it is" or "That's the way it's always been". They don't change enough for the better, neither for them selves or others.
Partnership w bill gates? Been a good long run v sauce but I'm out
When there is a pandemic this doesn't hit the same.
Fucking love this channel. Like fine, go ahead and just tell me the reason for all, if not most of human problems.
Climate alarmism. Disbelief in UFOs.  Collaboration with Bill Gates,,,,. Shame on VSAUCE
Ironic that by trying to be more intellectual (to me meaning the opposite of instinctual) we’d find ourselves in a more natural (instinctual) way of governing. It’s kinda Funny, it’s almost like The smartest people on earth probably don’t care about math or science. That make us the dumbest species on this planet. Which would be correct.
This video is Golden!
“Where is your mind?”
Every time this man post a video, My mind just has a relapse of all the brainhurt i've received from him.
Great video, though I have serious problems with how the potential workings of a lottocracy is layed out and some more words below on irrational views on climate change.  I think the preceeding 25 minutes of your video clearly explain why a lottocracy could not function properly. Btw, I don't think you're really advocating for it, merely posing an interesting thought/idea. Randomly chosen people would not suffer/be affected by motivations for re-election, money, attention and power you say. However, these randomly chosen people would be guided by experts, which generally *are* affected by aforementioned motivations.  They have a more than average stake in the decision than the randomly picked person. An assumption relatively safe to make. On top of that those experts, probably without exceptions but I might be stretching it now, have greater cognitive capacities than the average person or at least much more developed ways to persuade an average person to accept their views. Hence, they are experts, a qualification inherently assigning a certain authority to them, which in turn is a quality/aspect people are generally very sensitive too. In the end, in such a system, very similar expert-instilled biased decisions would be made. In a true lottocracy we could end up with Kanye West style decision-making: Everybody that has a baby gets one million dollars!  As mentioned by others true freedom of speech is invaluable. You mention in your video that the world is not rational, but that you can apply reason to a clear set of consensus information. This is the essence of the current problem we're facing in the world and you mention it also in some way: who decides the consensus? No one does. Hence, consensus. A group-decision, in line with the message of your video. However, current consensus on many topics are actually artificial and driven very much by the undesirable values and motivations mentioned before.  Climate change is such a clear example of this. In Europe, classically and historically, left-wing politics advocate for powerful governments in charge of all critical infrastructure, healthcare, social security and energy. "The free market economy, that's right-wing stuff we don't want to have anything to do with". Yet, what we observe in the past decades is that capitalism has actually managed to penetrate the political area and has eroded these views pretty much completely. Cynically, one might argue that capitalism has won. It's the dominant way of thinking how to tackle a problem.  Let the market develop solutions, because the problem creates demand and thus creates incentive for the market to fix it. It lets economy grow and that's good for everyone, right? Right now, our left-wing parties advocate for renewable energy types like wind, solar and 'green energy' (in The Netherlands burning wood on massive scale, instead of coal, is considered a green energy source). However, these solutions are completely driven and pushed by markets, not by governments.  They are instruments of capitalism, meant to make money with in the first place, less emissions is how they try to sell it to us. Rationally, nuclear energy would be the only form of energy-production suitable to meet the Paris climate agreement in time. One might say I'm irrational now ;-) The lack of serious consideration of nuclear energy is due to lack of freedom of speech and faces serious mis-information campaigns driven once again by the values/motivations I mentioned before. Search TedTalk for climate change related talks and compare views for those with views on talks advocating for nuclear energy using dry boring deadly accurate facts. At the cost of personal wealth we're being made individually responsible to solve the climate issue, which is emotional blackmailing, simply put. With a fraction of the money spent by households in total, governments could build X number of nuclear energy facilities per Y million inhabitants and supply energy at ridiculous low prices. But no, we "choose" for a market-economy solution, costing households a huge chunk of their wealth and freedom and at the same time any person who opposes it and advocates for nuclear energy is a far right wing nutjob who is out of their mind. It's insanely irrational, but once again I might be the one being irrational ;-)  I think your video and this example above are a clear example of how tough the confirmation bias cookie is and that, indeed, we like to believe we're rational beings, but mostly are not.  Myself included. It has stopped raining, time for a coffee outside.
Every problem has a solution. It's just not always visible at the begining.
He just does it,        the work that we                                                               need
First video of vsauce I won't watch
Lol
i wish i could like this more than once
Say it louder
vsauce music sounds very much like kerbal space program lobby music ...
Vsauce literally spent 30 mins on responding to his haters. :D
Sorry, instead of lottocracy, I think a "teknocratic, direct democracy" is the best solution. A scientific counsil that is only advisory, gives suggestions that the public then votes on. This way we all have the same amont of power (1 vote per citizen), but smart people still have the chance to advice with their expertise. The scientific advisory board members, could be randomly chosen though and anonymous, to avoid corruption.
Sure... or we could just create a direct democracy where literally every citizen can vote on every single bill the republic offers. We have the technology for that.
"In partnership with Bill Gates" yeah no thanks
puppet
Uncle Rey
Hey vsauce Michael, this sucks. Bill Gates sucks.
Please keep in mind that every single concept introduced in the introduction (up to the hive mind and the great filter) is controversial. Also keep in mind that some of this content is merely a philosophical discussion which, in my eyes, dangerously converges to bullshit as we try to give it any real world implication. Thank me later.
What this guy still posts vids?!!!!     I watch his videos made like 5 years ago.
Hey, youtuber celebs and readers alike; this is your casual reminder that Climate Change is and will push us to the brink of societal collapse within this century. Everyone needs to be on board with reducing co2 emissions. Use your voice and influence to hold those with power to legislate change on a massive scale accountable. Protest, donate or get involved with your local politics.  - Carbon capture is another bold-faced lie made by oil/gas industries that do not wish to use their Billions of dollars to change their existing infrastructure toward sustainable energy. Hold those industries accountable.  - Decentralizing agriculture and localizing produce to cut back on emissions and cut back on overproduction/food waste. - devoting a fraction of the US military budget alone toward Reforestation programs would be monumental in aiding the climate crisis. - Legislate Into law that companies/corporations accountable via massive taxation or steep fines to compensate for the exploitation and negligence of workers and affected environments. - Subsidizing renewable energy programs as if it's the new oil industry (it is) - Able access to food, shelter, healthcare accsess, drinking water and education must become the measurement of value to a Country. Gdp means shit when it's 99% weapons trade to other countries bombing the shit out of children. - 3D printing technology must become a universal part of our society, promoting right to repair, less travel emissions, and recyclable materials. - also replace non-recyclable plastics (or "difficult to recycle" plastics.) In packaging. - also make it illegal for industries to pay/lobby health/environmental regulation boards.  The conflict of interest would (and has) degraded our idea of passable environmental/worker regulations into a ghost of its former self for the last 40-odd years.  All of this must become the new status-quo if we are going to have much of a civilization left within the next 30-50 years.
New vsauce needs a night off to enjoy. See you all later
Vsauce radicalized me into a lottocrat.
Hello Michael! It was a good job for your subtitle person most of the time, but I think they should revisit the entire text.
Gather around YT its white logic hour. The book of karen as well as the new testament of kevin. 🤦‍♂️😩
Algorithm
This guy can make grain of salt complicated, but i love ittt.
Finally I can get myself educated properly
I feel a certain Ben Shapiro could do with watching this video.
I prefer seeing the world as a cosmic game instead of a logic puzzle =)
Vsauce is the apex of reasoning.
Thank you. That is all I can say.
People who can enjoy Vsauce videos are 4 pararel universes ahead of us 😂
DFV “I am not a cat” VSauce “I am not an elephant”
VSAAAAAUCE!!!!!
Why are we listening to Bill Gates? Because he wears glasses and talks nerdy?
So communism good, capitalism bad.
What about people making decisions based on their emotions? Toxic and manipulative behavior? I think in these cases humans are truly irrational.
fuck outta here with bill gates. maybe make a video with him on Epstein's island, or ask him what he needs so many African foreskins for.
Michael isnt centred in the frame and its bothering me
Everything Is One -vibe from the start :) ❤️
The use of language here is just beautiful
Dude! That sequence @2:34 with the airplanes is awesome! How was that captured?!
DONGGG              di di diu never gets old
this is realy good
my brain hurts now
almost choked when i saw he uploaded a new video
He could convince me the world is flat at this point wtf
He called out the problem with modern politics without being political. Madlad.
Wrong video to find while high. Send help.
Good work
The future of reasoning is my opinion is correct and everyone else's opinion is incorrect
How many new concepts or terms you guys learn? 10 minutes in already learned 5 new terms
U already know the video is serious when he partnered with BILL GATES!
All jokes aside, this video is really good, i really thought my life is pretty much worthless and nothing special, but this motivates me so much, thanks michael
I think the largest problem today is, very much in the US but traces can be found everywhere, the fact that people on different sides of certain problems have lost the common ground they'd need to base their reasoning on to come to shared conclusions. For example, was the last US election stolen by the Democrats, or did the Republicans try and fail to steal it using a conspiracy theory? People on one side are convinced it can only be one of these, and people on the other side believe the exact opposite, and they've all heard the same assertions about what actually happened. How can they manage to even try to get to shared conclusions with people who believe so obviously wrong things? It's not shared facts and differing conclusions, the facts are no longer shared.
So what you’re saying is the planet is screwed.
"We will someday be the ancients"
*THIS C0MMƏNT WAS ČƏŅS0RĒđ BY THE MINISTRY OF TRUTH.*   *UNKNOWN ERROR.*   *COMMENT FAILED TO POST.*   *THERE WAS A PROBLEM WITH THE SERVER [404]*
If he was my teacher I would of actually payed attention in school
Very pointedly collectivist view by the end there. Started with a decent premise of the tightly interdependent social nature of individuals; then began providing a very idiosyncratic, somewhat misleading, and definitively pessimistic definition for reason; and finally ended up on, "the individual can't think as good as the group, so we should let the group make all the decisions!"  I know this message won't likely reach anyone, but if you're on the bounds of collectivism, please consider the underrepresented. If you think the majority has privilege now, just wait until the majority quite literally *rules*.
FINALLY! Michael stopped taking a shit and started tackling social issues. Took you long enough.
The fact that the Greeks had figured this out 2,300 years ago is astonishing. Shame society's regressed since then.
We should also always be aware that a person's reasoning, no matter how virtuous it may be, could be masking wicked Intent. Probably the hardest thing to do is to be able to see though those masks. Behavior can be deceptive of intent, but could also reveal intent. Sometimes intent is painfully obvious, however, when reason and logic combine with wicked intent, could often come across as reasonable, virtuous, noble, valuable, etc.. in short, this should never be overlooked.
One of the best vsauce video! THX
What's the problem with a lottocracy? Juries not working all that well is.
picking random seems stupid... peopel will just serve ther personel interest just like they do now  but that they wont even have a position to lose...
I love these videos, man.
Watching a long Vsauce video again at night feels so good <33
anyone else just addicted to vsauce watching back videos every day?
"Where is your mind?" Me: Okay, guess we're going 0-100 in this one...
It's not a bug, it's a feature. There, he said it.
"The machine of collective thot"
well worth the wait. thanks
Great video. Would have much more impact if you didn't randomly bring up controversial figures that devaule your points.
"created in partnership with Bill Gates" ... i don't know about that. I like independent Vsauce more.
Imagine the progress of humanity/civilization isn't the final goal. What if reasoning and cognition itself is the new realm of existence.  Imagine that ideas and concepts are like primitive beings just like early life on this planet was and we are merely the medium/conduit just like the physical world is for life. Anthropocentrism; Which is the belief that all existence has humanity at its center, as both meaning and reason for being, should be abhorrent to any mature person. If ants were cognisant they would no doubt think they are the center of the universe, but they aren't, and neither are we.
heyy... you're the guy from cctv footage
I am finding an Indian's comment saying "Love from India" because I'm also an Indian. This can't be a reason right? or is it?
This was really well thought-out and some interesting ideas you raised!
Those Ancient Greek city-states were ethnostates in which franchise was restricted to adult male citizens. So the only scenario in which lottocracy would work would require a narrowing, not a widening of participation.
BILL GATES 👎🏻👎🏻👎🏻
When Vsauce started reading Kant
I love Vsauce videos. But I think the equating the mind with the brain + whatever instruments/tools/(other) people we use to help us reason is a bad/confused idea; cf. my glasses help me to see therefore the human visual system is constituted by brains + eyes + glasses. You can talk like that if you want, but it doesn't really help vision scientists or cognitive scientists more generally do their job. There's a good book on this subject called Cognitive Systems by Robert D. Rupert. But I know this wasn't really the intent of the video, most of which was great!
I missed this so much.
My awesomeometer is going crazy, this episode is hella lit. Also, I wasn't positive the answer to the logic puzzle was "yes" but it seemed like the right answer intuitively. Ill bet a lot of folks watching thought the same thing.
What if the people used tik tok and made doggy snapchat's
I always wonder do he really uses a script, or everything he say just come from the inside??
very beautiful video
Give this man a tv show already
Please tone down the background music, maybe its just me, but I am having a hard time trying to focus on what you are saying with those trumpets going on :-)
Any decision based on less than all the information is necessarily worse than a decision based on all the information.  Important subjects now have too much information behind them.  Therefore decisions have to be made by experts.  It's nothing but an appeal to magic to say that random people can solve climate science better than climate scientists.
The lottocracy could just as easily multiply corruption, because those people will be leaving office soon, so they have no political future to worry about. The PACs would know this and could just make the bribes more cash-based and the threats more immediate.
Imagine randomly selecting an e-thot to think of ideas to resolve homelessness     Oh wait
Michael, randomly: I think I’ll change the world today
GARBAGE, SCAM, FRAUD, CRIMES AGAINST HUMANITY, AND CHILD ABUSE BY GANGS OF CRIMINAL LIARS AND MASS DECEIVERS LIKE THE CRIMINAL CORRUPT SATANIC WORSHIPPING INTELLECTUAL TERRORISTS AND BULLIES NASA, UNITED NATIONS, AND THE AMERICAN, CANADIAN, RUSSIAN, CHINESE, JAPANESE, AND EGYPTIAN TYRANT CRIMINAL AND CORRUPT GOVERNMENTS FOR EXAMPLE ; AND CRIMINAL SATANIC WORSHIPPING SCIENTISTS AND SO-CALLED PHILANTHROPISTS LIKE Darwin, Freud, Newton, Einstein, Dawkins, Hawking, Krauss, deGrasse Tyson, Bill Nye, Bill Gates, Christopher Hitchens and Brian Greene FOR EXAMPLE. #KnowTheAbsoluteTruth #Mankind_DoesNot_BelongTo_TheAnimal_Kingdom #KnowingGod_ourFather_in_heavens_is_eternal_life #Earth_Is_Flat #Corona_Virus_Fraud_Intellectual_Terrorism #Christmas_Is_A_Lie_And_Fraud #SantaClause_Is_A_Lie_And_Fraud #World_Nations_Governments_Corrupt_Liars_Hypocrites_Criminals #Gays_LGBTQ_AdulterersAndAdultresses_End_Up_In_Hell #Liars_End_Up_In_Hell #اعرف_الحقيقة_المطلقة #الارض_مسطحة #فيروس_كورونا_خدعة_وارهاب_فكري #الكريسماس_كذبة_وخدعة #بابانويل_كذبة_وخدعة #حكومات_دول_العالم_فاسدة_كاذبة_مرائية_ومجرمة #مضاجعو_الذكور_الشواذ_والزناةوالزواني_مصيرهم_جهنم #الكذبة_مصيرهم_جهنم
Florence in 1200 had a system like that: every 2 months they elected 9 officials at random picking names at random from a bag, and every 3 months 100 officials from another bag. The issue is that it didn't work that well.
i want vsauce to meet sadhguru and see what happens
Beautifully nonpartisan. Thank you.
Outstanding and thought provoking as always
I actually never made the assumption that Michael was the host of the video but that there was an elephant whose name happened to be Michael. And as always - assumption is the mother of all fuckups :D
(edit) not really relevant dut...  Reason is not the problem here. It's just ur limited processing power and sort term memory. We can't process all the information at once so we assigne weights to the information but for the same reason if we don't have weights already assigned to the information we choose to randomize their weight or base their waight on other unrelated waights about the subject. Hence we come to different conclusions... The limit is not in reasoning but in the brains we use to reason!
What will get a civilization pass not just one Great filter but all the filters to come?  Short answer; 'Solving all the hyper-complexity issues'. And Reasoning is the only tool that can be used to solve those.  But, how would the civilization do that?  Regardless of how much you try to take the confirmation bias and/or intention out of reasoning, you will still have some of them in your final judgment when solving hyper-complexities. That is because perception is the key to perceive the external stimuli and within the tools that allow you to perceive reality there will always be you and the environment that brought you up. Minimizing the confirmation bias could be the goal to reach the purest form of perceptive abilities but one way to counteract potentially detrimental reasoning because of the said bias is the achievement of the 'most just intention'. Unlike confirmation bias 'intention' has no chance of being taken out of the equation. Everything you do and are going to do will have an intent. Thus, if the intent cannot be removed then it must be modified. Modify to reach its most just form.   But, what is the 'most just intention'?  When an individual/collective must make a choice what should be the center of that decision-making intention?  Freedom of the individual?  Good of the collective?  Or a mix of both?  Nope. It is none of those.  It is the preservation of the Reasoning itself. In other words the 'Information's ability to think'.  From an informationist perspective, there is no you and I, hence if there is no 'you and I', then there is no collective either. However, there is information and information is THE fundamental state of everything. Anything and everything in its purest form is information. We and all of the matter in all the universes and dimensions are just the manifestations of the said information. While we and all the matter are mutable, the information is not. You can see that in all the values within the universe that are constant.  Our goal should be getting Reasoning to become a universal constant. So our 'intention' must be greater than us or our solar system or the universe itself when we are Reasoning.
You provide very good reasons Vsauce Michael.
HOW WOULD YOU NOT NOTICE SOMEONE REVERSING YOUR POLITICAL VIEW???  HOW???
See, you're right.
the more humanity makes advancements in discovery and reasoning, the more sorrow abounds
5:47 for the music
"Can we measure it with an awesome-ometer??" — Michael 2021
this is a really good video, instead of just nitpicking any other topic, you chose how the mind works and I personally think this one is very Impactful to the audience, making us aware of our bias and see everyone in the same light, and more importantly tackling the importance of working together, the emergence of something greater that is the result of great quantity.
I do not reason with others.  It is like talking to rodents.  The overwhelming vast majority of people are ignorant fools.  I wonder, does the desk make you more trustworthy?  A big empty desk, to me, is useless, just an elbow rest.
guy smart
I love u twenty one pilots
Brilliant! Absolutely brilliant! I especially loved the concept of a "lottocracy" ❤️
Reason is the mouthpiece of emotion
"This video was made in partnership with one of the richest people on earth saying that climate change sucks" You were supposed to lick the boot, not make a meal out of it
the future is idiocracy!
26:35 - UNCLE BILL GATES PRESENTS YOU: THE NEW WORLD ORDER.
man I'm too high for this shit
How can you reason with people who reject the very concept of reason as a "white supremacist construct"?
Lottocracy sounds like a terrible idea. Elected or in charge people need to have a certain degree of competency otherwise having public sectors managed by incompetents will throw society into chaos. Perhaps it works in tribal hunter-gatherer setups but no way in modern world.
That was so stage yellow.
I do not buy the narrative that our pollutions affect the climate and the weather. That’s the political and commercial side of view.
Global deliberation days sound AWESOME!!!
Thanks for having me, don’t make it so long between visits next time.
Hey, Michael! Vsauce here! Bill Gates was a frequent flyer on Jeffery Epstein's private jet, and refuses to comment on it when confronted!
Micheal: I am NOT an elephant…. Or am I?  [that background music starts]
This is just an advert for Bill’s new book, who owns the most farmland in American?
Stupid science  The science of brain was high the word is that the Earth spins inertia.  Children alsoknow that inertia doesn't cause A wheel to spin forever.  Science can Not explain why volcanic energy is 10.000 times stronger than the atomic bomb  ? Positron + and electron  -- rotate very rapidly after 4,6 billion years of creating the Earth ' s core, so the core of the Earth rotates very quickly like A super large electric turbine that produces super large electrical energy, it is this enormous electrical energy that drives the Earth rotates, it is this huge electrical energy volcano is 10.000 times stronger than the atomic bomb  If volcano erup ts on the seabed, it will create A terrible tsunami
I feel like the whole talk about reasoning at first, made me doubt the final conclusion and the reasoning behind it. HELP. :D
Sufficient spell is wrong in subtitles at 21:00, just saying
SSsssshhh. Reasoning is white supremacist.
Vsauce
zyxwvutsrqponmlkjifgfedcba
The second half of this video was really dense but once I made sense of it, it became a very apparent and hard truth to swallow. I hope people think critically about the message here before dismissing this video as an "another climate change video".
I'm pro vaccine if suddenly Bill is gonna force michael to make classic vsauce videos.
It's so sad none of this will do anything for the world.  Oh well, depression again.
While I do like many of the ideas put forth here, I feel actually obtaining it would be impossible due to innate human bias and greed. It was fitting you pointed out that we select Jurors randomly. There is a major and critical problem in this country because in many places Jurors who *should* be random are, due to both purposeful and accidental reasons, not. This often manifest as a racial bias in America, closing off entire sections of the population from being selected. In the democratic ideas put forward this would result in very slanted outcomes that in turn would further the problem.   All of that being said, obviously our current systems are not up to the task, failing the people critically. Something needs to give somewhere. Until then our best immediate hope is to work to the best of our ability within the existing structures, molding them to better designs over time as much as possible.   Perhaps if knowledge and desire grows enough for this improved system of collective reasoning - one way to merge it more gradually into current systems would be something akin to a new branch of co-equal government under this design. Better yet, replace all congressional elections with the lotto system. With as ineffective as congress currently is it could only help. This would allow the Legislative branch to serve as a the collective reason of a country, the Executive Branch as the vision.
Stupid science  Science poisoning the world is the solar system rotating inertia.  Children alsoknow that inertia doesn't cause A wheel to spin forever  . Every second the Sun emits billions billions ^ billion lightning 0,1 voltage create sunlight, 1 positron + attracts 1 electron  -- create 0,1 volt lightning.  Positron + and electron  -- rotate very rapidly after 4,6 billion years of creating the Sun ' s core, so the core of the Sun rotates very quickly like A super large electric turbine that produces super large electrical energy.  Every second the Sun emits 4,1million tons of electricity create sunlight, sunlight moves the circle back to its original position after 8 hours, so the pushes 8 planet to rotate in order
I try to understand these videos but about a minute in I'm confused.
im more worried about the planet, nature, oceans, wildlife and their habitats. we are destorying our home with pollution .  we cant truely advance until we start caring about these things instead of just ourselves.
Thank God, you finally uploaded a proper episode
23:25 Aaa yes the alof nol music
What I got from this video is that I need to be more social and read more books.
Boissss he's still alive
ngl i liked past vscause more because of how he linked almost non related stuff to  the main idea to the video
Vsauce: "Where... "  are your fingers?
Almost all married husbands  look at other versions of their own  wife .
Found Vsauce when I made my goddamn YouTube account a decade ago or so and still subscribed. No channel in YouTube history has the power to be relevant after all these years and actually bring the excitement to their audience whenever a video is uploaded.  99% of YouTube channels has only a life of few months to keep their audience tuned in and maybe 0.9% can grab their audience for few years at most with diminishing interest over time. The new subscribers will replace the old in consuming their content.  Vsauce is the history ladies and gents.  Or is it? How do you know this is not my Confirmation Bias? How do you figure that I'm providing reasons to support my conclusion instead of evaluating reasons to come to a conclusion?
Why the Great Reset will solve all our problems while destroying huge swaths of people, and an unnecessary Gene Therapy treatment meant to monetize your immune system, and potentially kill you, Thanks Bill you sycophant. Reason has taken a back seat in this scam, replaced with fear and false virtue, im now inclined to agree with the 1% about humanity, we are designed to be enslaved, the complete lack of awareness and ignorance by the masses on history and human nature is the best tool the 1% could have used against us all, throw identity politics into the mix and have laid the land for distracting nonsensical debate, and the weak minded will take up the cause without question. The level of manipulation in society has reached an all time high, a global push to enslave us even further is underway for years now and we deserve it for our almost complete apathy. Your playing us into a future nobody wants Vsauce, thanks.
I thought i was getting rickrolled or something
Jake Chudnow’s brilliant music work once again complimenting amazing Vsauce content. Show Jake some love people!
Where is my mind? Way out in the water See it swimming
Coupon!
Thank god this intellectual figurehead worship is being recognized and rejected. Everyone should have time and freedom to think and talk about things independently.
I love the idea of a lottocracy! It would encourage governments to keep people educated not the actual right reasons!
*Lottocracy*, cool, I've had that in mind but didn't know its name
This video is sponsored by ABC Burgers.
An I the only one that hates paraphrased captions? It really irks me whenever the captions doesn't completely match what the person in the video is saying.
Was thinking about this exact thing for the last year. Hope lottocracy will be used more and more as soon as possible. It would change the world quite a bit. Unfortunatelly there is a bigger problem. Every time you make nearly perfect decision with perfect reasoning why you did the decision, a lot of people won't accept it, because they just simply don't like it.
I've been waiting so long but when it happened I wasn't ready.
Petition to make this man president of the USA.
Talking about Reason:  https://youtu.be/cwypHk4yrWA
9:27 is it an X-Men reference?
This is why censorship is pure evil. Discussions that were meant to take place never happen, and our collective human reasoning capacity is cut in half.
Vsauce sounding like ted kasinsky
From this I infer that the collective average of all humans intuitively know the right answer to everything. I hope that's true
I can smell all of those people who have watched this video and thought to themselves, hey that is about [a group of people they disagree with] and shake their heads.
7:13 insert Uncle Ben's quote here
Such a shame that you chose to partner with Bill Gates. Especially after him doing everything in his power to prevent a patent free version of the Covid19 vaccine from being released. Looks like I'll be skipping this video.
Holy shit I need to watch this and deliberate with my friends to break this down, for this, like any Vsauce episode, was one heck of a episode.
The two-party system, echo chambers, identity politics, and following the hive mind have kind of destroyed logical debates and group brainstorming.  We’ve somehow turned a social process for coming to the best conclusions into a sport of insults and performative outrage.  If social reasoning is to work again, we must approach every dilemma with an open and rational mind.
Nope Psychologist and psychiatrist should be deciding these rules
Very interesting 🤔, collective thinking as the most efficient way to reach epistemes? For the multiplicity of views, thus elimination of biases, this line of though makes sense, but even if we find a truth (or the best solution in the case of hyperobjects), how do we persuade everyone that this or that is what we are supposed to do? It would require the complete transformation of society (as it is a means of not only fine-tuning, but creating and reproducing individual thinking), since the modern world is extremely divided, therefore unable to come to agreements. Is it possible to reverse this way of though and life that is embedded in our societies, once everything is built on it and once it is in the best interest of some politically/economically powerful to upkeep the status quo?
on one side there are views and perspectives that are being supressed or watered down, and on the other hand there are views and perspectives that are pushed everywhere and shoved in people's internet feed, and these apply to both "good" and "bad" views, that's why someone might prefer YouTube over Twitch, or Reddit over Twitter, and vice versa
Just helping the alg
Sometimes I feel like Michael knows literally everything, how the world will end and how it began, but only teaches us a teeny tiny little bit of it without exposing too much of his godly knowledge.
Id also like to point out not everyone is as educated and don’t understand these topics , ignorance is bliss for them so it’s hard for  people to change
Very interesting video! One counterpoint: The more "smoothing" you apply to the curve of ideas the less possible radical changes in thinking become. In the context of hyperobjects this would require anticipating the consequences of each hyperobject early enough take measures as a collective conscience. The more democratic a society is the slower its reaction speed. The problem is that the more connected consciousness is the harder it becomes to share and agree on observations (because in the end each entity makes it's own observations)
i love you so much, daddy
This is exactly what I was explaining our ethics and morality are subjective it’s hard to come to a definitive answer to please everyone
I always learn something great
The art of "Hey, Vsause"ing people is evolving
"Hey, Vsauce Micheal here."   Is the best line i can think of.
It's always a great day when Vsauce uploads :D
maybe God is the Mind and we are mere physical extensions of it made of little Minds to experience physical reality
Finally, an unwatched vsauce vide- wait a minute, a day ago?
Fascinating. And false. CO2 is not the Earth's thermostat. Water vapor accounts for 95% of the Greenhouse effect. The planet's climate is a chaotic, unpredictable system we cannot and do not control.
This is an incredible video, very educational and self aware in today’s society. I hope this 30 minute video gets engraved in history because this has not only inspired me, but many others. Thank you Michael.
I always feel like im downloading information when i watch vsauce
3.9k dislikes are global warming deniers
Thanks
I’ll happily vulcanise rubber for you as long as you continue to make these videos.
When I was 10, I watched him for the interesting infos and facts (I know, Im a bit too nerdy for a kid back then). When I was 14, I rewatched his videos for the memes. Now at nearly 17, I'm rewatching again to reignite the forgotten information, for nostalgia, and the memes.  Michael is pretty much the Bill Nye equivalent for a Gen Z like me.
Cool video. We (hunans) have already reasoned a perfect system of government. A constitutional republic. If only more people would take the time to learn about Americanism. The Founding Father's of America were the greatest political philosophers.
This guy is pure evil. Literally a shill for big tech. I like my freedom and autonomy.
In short, Thanos was right...
E
"Its not a bug, its a feature."  a creator in response to early complaints about humanity.
Couldn't Reason be a Hypersense through which we can Perceive Hyperobjects?
Michael - that was brilliant! Toward the end I got the thought wow! WE are what makes up god! We collectively need to 'get it right' while at he same time we are not guaranteed to do so. We could get it wrong and 'game over'
What percentage of Vsauce's viewing audience has the mental capacity to absorb the content of this video in an accurate way?
Wow
The way this guy talks is annoying af
yes michael the elephant is a very good boy and if you have a problem with this then leave.
so what he is saying is VULCANS were right. Humans suck at logic
Main thing I took away from this video:  Michael is not an elephant
Friedrich Nietzsche approves this video
evolution theory has zero logic and reason
Was I just tricked into watching a guy sit on a chair, stare at a camera, and speak for 30 minutes?  Yes. Yes I was. Vsauce never gets boring.
Vsauce joined " one world one nation"
Understood 0.001% of all the arguments and reasonings. But it felt good to exercise my mind.
Jesus is God & He loves you  Jesus will soon be seen by all men, women, and children up in the clouds. Jesus is returning now! Believe and be saved.  Exodus 3:14 (God speaking) And God said unto Moses, I AM THAT I AM: and he said, Thus shalt thou say unto the children of Israel, I AM hath sent me unto you.  John 8:58 (Jesus speaking) Jesus said unto them, Verily, verily, I say unto you, Before Abraham was, I am.  John 10:30 (Jesus speaking) I and my Father are one.  Isaiah 9:6 For unto us a child is born, unto us a son is given: and the government shall be upon his shoulder: and his name shall be called Wonderful, Counsellor, The mighty God, *The everlasting Father,* The Prince of Peace.  Matthew 1:23 Behold, a virgin shall be with child, and shall bring forth a son, and they shall call his name Emmanuel, which being interpreted is, *God with us.*  John 1:1 & 14 1 In the beginning was the Word, and the Word was with God, and the Word was God. 14 And the Word was made flesh (Lord Jesus), and dwelt among us, (and we beheld his glory, the glory as of the only begotten of the Father,) full of grace and truth.  John 8:24 (Jesus speaking) I said therefore unto you, that ye shall die in your sins: for if ye believe not that I am he, ye shall die in your sins.  John 14:9 (Jesus speaking) Jesus saith unto him, Have I been so long time with you, and yet hast thou not known me, Philip? he that hath seen me hath seen the Father; and how sayest thou then, Show us the Father?  Hebrews 1:1-3, & 8 (God calls His Son "O God" because Jesus IS God in the flesh) 1 God, who at sundry times and in divers manners spake in time past unto the fathers by the prophets, 2 Hath in these last days spoken unto us by his Son, whom he hath appointed heir of all things, by whom also he made the worlds; 3 Who being the brightness of his glory, and the express image of his person, and upholding all things by the word of his power when he had by himself purged our sins, sat down on the right hand of the Majesty on high; 8 But unto the Son he saith, Thy throne, O God, is for ever and ever: a sceptre of righteousness is the sceptre of thy kingdom.  1 John 5:7 For there are three that bear record in heaven, the Father the Word and the Holy Ghost: and these three are one  Titus 2:13 Looking for that blessed hope, and the glorious appearing of the great God and our Saviour Jesus Christ;  Revelation 1:7 Behold, he cometh with clouds; *and every eye shall see him,* and they also which pierced him: and all kindreds of the earth shall wail because of him. Even so, Amen.  Isaiah 44:6 (God speaking) Thus saith the LORD the King of Israel, and his redeemer the LORD of hosts; I am the first, and I am the last; and beside me there is no God.  Revelation 1:8 (Jesus speaking) I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the ending, saith the Lord, which is, and which was, and which is to come, *the Almighty.*  Revelation 22:13 (Jesus speaking) I am Alpha and Omega, the beginning and the end, the first and the last.  ---  There Are None Righteous / How To Be Saved  Romans 3:10 & 23 10 As it is written There is none righteous, no, not one: 23 For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;  Luke 5:31-32 (Jesus speaking) 31 And Jesus answering said unto them, They that are whole need not a physician; but they that are sick. 32 I came not to call the righteous, but sinners to repentance.  1 Peter 3:18 (The word “quicken” means “to make alive”) For Christ also hath once suffered for sins, the just for the unjust, that he might bring us to God, being put to death in the flesh, but quickened by the Spirit:  Romans 10:9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.  Acts 4:12 Neither is there salvation in any other: for there is none other name under heaven given among men, whereby we must be saved.  Ephesians 2:8-9 8 For by grace are ye saved through faith; and that not of yourselves: it is the gift of God: 9 Not of works lest any man should boast.
The brain with its thinking is not a problem solver it creates problems all great ones has come  to this conclusion.
Its difficult to understand
PLEASE, if people have trouble believing coronavirus exists how will you convince the same people of weather change.
https://www.wionews.com/videos/gravitas-bill-gates-says-no-to-sharing-vaccine-formulas-to-developing-world-380867  Please give a reasoning for this!!
The issue I take with the lottocracy idea is it sounds like an easy thing to rig.
15:39 It's not a bug, it's a feature. I swear!
i enjoy watching vsauce more than my school classes and that's saying something
question: If the universe is expanding, space and time are expanding, are we expanding as well? If so, were the people in the past smaller? Not compared to other things of course but to the world now?
Oh hello!
Ah yes, vsauce coming in with my daily dose of existential crisis
Sortition
THE KING
What if humans have souls?
Stay curious, keep growing. Thanks again Vsauce for taking us on another great journey!
Dude just talked us all into skynet. The “thought”mind does exist but implementing it will only end up as all people lumping into one giant pile of the same. It’s all about making the species “normalized” - where all people think alike, everything runs faster and better. However soon we will see specialists die out of market saturation, generalists are out of the picture already. Hyper objects is probably the best idea in this video - this is the future of the species. Start understanding how groups of things work, learn how to work hyper objects, if you’re trying to be useful.  Pendulums kept on the same platform end up in spontaneous synchronization - the same will happen to the “mind”. Lottocracy is a folly, for over a long period of “random” decision making - we will start falling into patterns. The reality is that the human mind is always finding and falling into and then strengthening those patterns. Honestly, for us - even randomness is a pattern if it’s the result over a period of time ; much less fun to deal with but even randomness can be dealt with in a systematic way.  All these ideas are smart in the short run and for the individual human’s ego - over long span of time and generations - all these ideas fail.  Start thinking long term - have you ever though why “families” rule this world and not men?
Amazing. One for the ages.
The amount of reasoning required to construct this video must be history-book-writing tier. Heh.
🤯
I’ve got a piece of bandage on my arm that says I went to get a shot. I totally forgot everything around it because I wasn’t an agent.
This is the stuff you think about on acid/shrooms. "I am my pencil"  "I am my sword"😂😂
thanks for sharing.
Michael, are you vegan?
5:45 is givin me some Dr. Breen Instinct Speech vibes.
If there is a future of reasoning it does not lie in america
What?
I think Micheal reads fan mail 😮  I'm probably wrong
Conservatives ya'll listening.
"We need zero emissions". No. We don't. We need lower emissions. The Earth can clearly handle some level of CO2 emissions, and simple reasoning tells us we will always have some emissions, and in fact some level of emissions helps cause CO2 fertilization which greens the Earth (https://www.nasa.gov/feature/goddard/2016/carbon-dioxide-fertilization-greening-earth/). The lack of true reasoning in this video is seriously disappointing for a vsauce video... but then again it is sponsored by Bill Gates.
Think about it: the only way to travel time is by creating a machine number 1 that connects it self on the time-space (smh), let that machine on and build another machine a day or week later, then by that the machine number 1 connects with machine 2, allowing to travel to the time only further the day machine 1 was built.
Make no mistake about it: Bill Gates plans on sipping fresh-sourced himalayan ice water in one of his mansions while we're all drinkin his manufactured doodoo water from a machine back in feudal serfdom.
3:01 me and the boys in the nightclub at 2am
bill gates is evil and vsauce is washed
What a video. Excellent Job
That was so good
9:55
but hey... that's just a theory... A SOCIAL THEORY. and as always, thanks for watching
Wow, 38 seconds in and we're balls deep into our next existential crisis  That's gotta be a record, even for VSauce
i think I've evolved somehow watching this profound video. I share the same vision however my intuition  tells me that the great filter exists and i don't think our species can pass through it. I hope i am wrong and probably i am most of the time.
The term "compromise" has all but disappeared. People come from all sorts of different backgrounds and have different beliefs. People no longer recognize that however - they now think that everyone who believes anything different than what they do is just wrong and needs to either change or disappear. Even most people who claim to just want everyone to get along - what they really mean is "let's all get along by you coming over to my side of thinking". It's the old saying of "everyone is the hero of their own story" pushed to the extreme. But that is NOT how it works. Every human has their own set of beliefs - it's part of what makes us all unique.   The U.S. political system is the perfect example of this - the entire design of the government (three branches, checks and balances, the constitution,  etc.) was built specifically to work by compromise - not the best solution for one side or the other; but the solution to try to help both sides as much as possible. But without compromise the system stalls. Now everyone (on BOTH the left and right) just dig in and say it's say it's my way or the highway; and actively fight against the other side on everything......so as a result almost nothing ever gets accomplished.
I am sure that Michael is kidnapped !!!!
14:13 Well.. are your so sure about that? I mean, just ask some autistic people how they perceive this stuff... you'll see, it's way different for them
Reported
Interesting video. I agree on the capabilities of the mind and how the power should be with the people, but what about this:  If Facebook and other platforms that use neurological "tricks" to create beliefs and opinions in people continue their spread, and follow through on their goal of having 100% of all people on the platform, how do people know if they have a real thought?  If they have been subjected to the algorithmic echo chamber of our current reality, they could've been conditioned since birth and not even be aware of it.  Sure, they think that they are making decisions, but why wouldn't they, when it's the reality they have known since they were born?  Pavlov's dogs probably found it weird that they were salivating when he rung the bell, but did they question it?  With the advancement of technology, and the way we're being fed information from all over the place, a world where the majority are robots who can't see their prison bars is an interesting thought..
Well, see you in a year
Amazing video Micheal
Woahhh so you're literally calling for a reform of government systems. I'm sharing this with my gov teacher
We make judgments and plans and solving problems based on our prior experiences throughout our lives.  I completely agree and understand what you're saying about the next four decades but as the population inclusives as we are at 8 billion right now with an estimated 10.1 billion by end of century while resources and services can be accessed more easily they will also be strained due to higher demand.
💡11 dollars
"You intuitively know when someone's upset" haha, laughs in autistic
that table is uns-table
Vsauce you don't know how much Hardwork you do for providing free valuable knowledge ❤❤🇮🇳🇮🇳😀
Ahhhh, manmade global warming is our big enemy, I see. Nah, done here.
Why Mary have to be unmarried if a person looks at her? She can be unmarried too
his new videos are garbage : (
Vsauce we can never get knowledge if you will not upload free best knowledge 👍👍🇮🇳❤❤🇮🇳
At literally half the video (on 15:00)  the word guesses has come up coincidence?
Beyond incredible. Only you can make videos like this as impactful as this. I was emotional and on the verge of tearing up at the end, and felt the need to clap when it was over. Michael, you are truly one of the great edicators of our time. Although there are comments here from people who still don't understand the premise... I wish everyone in the world was made to watch this video. A true classic that epitomises the biggest struggle humanity has ever faced, and no, I'm not talking about climate change.
At 2:00 when he says "or is it" i expected the classic suspenceful music, that did not happen, and now it all is ruined.
Teamed up with Bill Gates? Lmao What are his qualifications? You're a shill. Later fool 👋 unsubbed
Maybe Vsauce's most important video yet.
*Unsubscribes*
14:17 Did you mean Raymond Holt?
We need more people like you on the media. I wish my sons already knew English to have them watch your videos. You re awesome!!! Cheers from Europe
I love "or is it?"
29:45 is the first time end music that deep has ever been justified on YouTube
Eva vibe strong
I have many reasons not to trust Bill Gates but i liked the video and its conclusions.
Your reasoning to your final conclusion is faulty. Your premises assume that the ONLY determinant force of reason is the evolutionary process (the social theory), when that is only one of the frameworks of explanation. You also provide partial evidence that collective deliberation would make better decisions without addressing the numerous examples on the negative influence of group thought on accuracy. You also committed an is_ought fallacy when you jumped from your analysis of reasoning to politics and how things SHOULD be run.
When I was in 6th grade, I hand wrote word by word what Michael said in the "Where do deleted files go?" video and made a powerpoint presentation with only photos in it relating to the transcript. This was in Jordan where a few clean words in English was impressive enough for an applause, but the fact that an entire young, hormone enraged 6th grade class sat in silence and listened is testament to how amazing Michael is in making content that is engaging.  This video is 30 minutes long and I watched every minute of it fully engaged, just like you did.  I think in our current society were most of us, especially the young generation, have forgotten how to exist, Michael brings us back to objective, self-awareness that helps us make more sense of things by engaging us initiating discussion. Thank you Michael from being the best philosopher and bringing us all together, from a 6th grade class in a second world country, to 17 million viewers.
A minor point, but many autistic people determine if someone is upset (or happy, or confused, or what-have-you) exactly the way you say people don't.  For an autistic person, intuition may not be enough to figure out others' emotional states, so over they years they learn to reason it out.
Imagine if we took decisions by looking at the most upvoted YouTube comments
Created in partnership wiþ Billgates 😲
Where is my mind
i love this channel
WhErE is Your MiNd ?
Where have u been
And now Michael has once again thrown away his channels password, maybe he will locate it next year.
_Vsauce is evolving too quickly..._
An opinion is not a fact and therefore cannot be debated within reason.
Are you all trying to end Michaels's sentences when he takes pause?
That lottocracy thing is also how the Venetian Doge (their head of state) was sort of chosen: among the 2000 members of the oligarchic Greater Council, a fewer group was randomly put in a smaller group which then had to nominate another small group of people who would be in turn randomly chosen to nominate the following small group. All of this for like, four subsequent times and with smaller and smaller groups.
"For one whose mind is unbridled, self-realization is difficult work. But he whose mind is controlled and who strives by right means is assured of success. That is My opinion."
He Deserves Several Awards. . . This Video Is a Masterpiece !
we did'nt evolve to be Middle class ( the ones who can afford to think about life and take their time  with no penalty on time and energy expended ). We evolved to be decisive in the field. The krypotonite for reasoning is indecisiveness . So we have many strategies and back-up systems that force decisions to precipitate before perfect knowledge.  Reasoning conserves itself by post-conformation  to the decisiveness. Its like breathing. We breath and reason consciously. But at some point sub-conscious mechanisms need top be triggered to force a breath/decision to just survive. The variety of decisions  thus made act like the variety from DNA that helps propel 'some'  life forward, whether the group or the individual in novel natural scenarios.
Wow... subliminal massages are through the roof, nice try Bill... but you can't outshine the god's light.
Yea... I hear you teamed up with Bill Gates, I'm out. Man might be rich but his morals are non-existent.
"What if we don't even use reasons to reach conclusions?" seems about right
I have to say, Michael is the one man I look up to, I don't think there's a finer homo sapien, on this platform, at least not one that falls into this category of learning.
0:56 WHY ISN'T VSAUCE MUSIC PLAYING!!
Looks like Bill got into this as well. Do you want to know how you change everything? You cause a disaster and then create a solution, all the while changing everything.  2 min into this video it smelled of fishy ideas, and ofcourse the Bill n M Foundation
Sorry, can't hand it over to Satan without fight.
Michael for president
Michael : thinking is a social activity . Me as an INTP : you're giving me too much credit man.
And here i am reading all these commented comments to get perfect reason of reasoning myself of reason looking this video ..
Every Vsauce video feel like multiple semesters of philosophy and theology courses packed into thirty minutes. I feel like my brain got exponentially wrinklier by the second
Clickbait - There is no future to reasoning.  If anyone doesn't see a steady decent into superstition and chaos, they aren't looking.
Freaking love you man. Keep kicking ass at life😂🤘
Michael: "Our brain's inability to understand our world is causing us to disengage from reality and cocoon ourselves"  Us: "How do I meme this?"
You gotta press the gates foundation on their vaccine IP position...
So we're back to Cincinnatus?
You say this "human" has a processing issue? It's not a big, it's a feature!
3:56 "Who get's to direct the costs and trade-offs" You Michael! I trust you!
Can we get some spit facts
I feel like your mind is what connects your soul to your body
I’m right
This video is for Martians of Earth origin.
I agree with conversations get more specific with each cycle, and that's why silent people always first respond with a single word.
Man are there no good comments nowadays?
You use reason to invalidate reason and want to use it to solve reason. Got it.
Vsauce is not caring getting paid, he cares to give a simple question a milion answers
This is the real "Need of the hour", MIchael for the leader of THE GREAT MIND.
Hey look I'm smart! Hey.. you looking?.. smart. Yeah that's me...
Me: Why does Vsause exist ? Also me: to make us have existential crisis
Great video! I agree that lotocracy would be a good solution to many of the problems we face in politics today, however I can't find my way around the problem of leadership and accountability. Currently, the politicians are supposed to be both servants of the people and leaders and are in fact often elected thanks to their leadership skills if we come to think of it. Accountability is a bit easier because while it does exist on paper, it gets evaded on a regular basis anyway, so it doesn't really work and should be changed anyway.  Lotocracy, if applied radically, would do away with all vote-based election, but this would open the possibility for someone without leadership skills to be in charge of potentially very consequential decisions. Let's say a political body is established by lotocracy and call it 'the decision body'. From this point I see two options: 1) a person with superb leadership skills is appointed as an 'executive dictator', who would be required to put absolute trust in the decision body, merely being the focal point of their governance in order to provide clear leadership; 2) the paradigm of hierarchy must change so as to do away with the notion that there's any need for a leading person (president, king/queen/regent, dictator), which would leave only the decision body in charge, however the lack of accountability and leadership would have to be offset by some other social reform.
Huh?
Reasoning is often mistaken as synonymous with intelligence or knowledge. It is neither, far from it. It is a tool to construct. It can construct knowledge, yes, but also a chamber of falsehoods, ignorance, and bad ideas. The human brain is, time and time again, very bad at knowing what's good for us and others by intuition. Our normative behavior is that of mutually assured destruction under the guise of power, rationality, and expertise. The crowd, uneducated of the true extent of what they don't know, and susceptible to following their herd out of principle rather than any real pretense, thus cannot be trusted to know or be able to come to the conclusion about what is good for all of us. Such tasks should not be treated as decisions that someone selects from a list based on what they think, but as a checklist of ideas to test, and keep what works based on results. This turns reasoning into a meritocracy. People need to face the hard truth that reality has no obligation to be what you want it to be, or what you think it is. Reality isn't one thing for someone and another thing for someone else. While they make take a unique combination of samples from that reality to form an experience, that is only grounds to say the experiences are different, not the reality from which they are in. Things about it will be the same regardless of your experience, and the study of all of those things is called the natural sciences. The natural sciences are, in part, a meritocracy. Scientists collect results from experiments, compile those results into data, and interpret that data to form a theory. If that theory accurately explains a physical mechanism of how something happens, then it is formalized as a scientific theory. If it is contradicted or inaccurate, it is rejected, and other alternatives are explored.  The interpretation process is where reasoning takes place. But the scientific community is honest and real enough to know that the product of someone's reasoning can be objectively wrong, no matter how superficially convincing it is. Ideas don't have an intrinsic right to validity, they have to earn it. And most of the time, the ones who come up with those wrong ideas don't take offense to its rejection, because they are conditioned to separate themselves from their work. The general public on the other hand treats their ideas preciously, and take it personally when its flaws are pointed out, especially if the subject of that idea is one that is commonly mistaken as fundamentally subjective.  Democratizing the world's issues is not a solution, as it turns everything into a popularity contest, and as before, the public has no concept of what is good for itself, hence why actual democracies today are corrupt, and might as well be erupting into civil war. No, the one and only solution is, as usual, education. Not the shitty babysitting service kind of education. I mean real education. The kind that doesn't just teach you what to know, but how to know, and why you should know.
My day is always so much better with a vsauce vid
Vsauce, confusion here
I love it when Vsauce posts
Best video I've ever seen
Such an interesting video.
As my favorite writer put it, “Logic is a wonderful thing but doesn’t always beat actual thought.”
if reasoning was so great why is there no reasoning 2
I love Vsauce like a family member.
Sensible.
We will someday all be, ancients.
I thought this was about reasoning... Not propaganda...
"Awesome-Ometer" 😂
I personally believe this to be your best video yet. And no I will not bother to give any reasons why. XD
Partnership with Bill Gates? No thanks.
5:52 I haven't heard this tune in a while.   It's good to hear it again.
My brain is a calendar confirmed.
Lets goo
0:05 never would I have thought i’d see the sequel to “where are your fingers”
The notification I wait for
Man, I miss Vsauce
People after watching this video: All those flaws are for people I don't agree with. But me and the people I agree with, we're perfect.
me when i talk back to my parents
bruh
The king 🤴 is back!!!
what if an elephant with name michael?
I've always been politically abstinent mainly because I can't find any political view or ideology that seems completely right. But I do find nuggets of truth in many different and diametrically opposite opinions. Could thinking and deciding like a hivemind really be the answer?
Stupid ass fucking YouTube algorithm didn't recommend this as soon as it came out
What if we become part of a bigger living being, something that is neither plant or animal. Something bigger. A Living being made up of human, and it technology Like human are made up of cell, and it DNA.
Hey
he really made a half hour vid to tell us, "be so damn good that hyper advanced us would bring us all back to life with super cool tech"
00:03
This video makes me think about the theory of "the Egg". Kurzgezagt also made a video on this. It makes you think about the collectiveness of the human mind.
HEY VSAUCE MICHAEL HERE -_—__——-_^_€[|]€]_
With great power comes great responsibility, but also with a little power comes a little responsibility
The problem is that a lot of people enjoy watching the world burn.
Michael is awesome.
i learned 2 things from this video: 1)the mind is not the same as the brain 2)lottocracy
Does anyone know what watch is he wearing?
I love the content of this channel
This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.”  And i was so excited when i saw the notification, sad:(
So let the masses do the thinking? That might work for evaluating a jar of beans but hard questions about the problems we face as a society? I don't think so.
This is my first video and my brain hurt
3 full video in past 10month/ 1yr  i m satisfied
A loticracy sounds really interesting, but it has some issues. At least I think so. Having the people be taught by experts would be important, but who chooses these experts, are these experts actually experts or are they “experts.” Then the powerful can just back the type of “expert” they want teaching the people and we are back to where we are now. It is a idea that could be great or something that would push us nowhere.
so now you may like to contemplate about, "that which is not comparabe to any, neither via similarity nor contrast." cheers ;)
Vsauce dropped a new video, gotta put everything aside for 30 minutes
Super!
Can't say I remember a video that made me want to punch my PC's monitor this much. God humanity sucks.
Ah yes nice advertisement for the NWO
reasoning is the process of navigating between rationales, regardless of the truth value of those rationales. this process of navigating from idea to idea is regardless of needing to or being able to accept the "conclusive" ideas that are arrived upon. each idea is merely a stepping stone to the next. such is the case for all cognitive beings - whether they be arcane, ancient, contemporary or modern.
+1 for Lottocracy pls
The logic problem makes some unjustified assumptions. How do we know that Mary isn't e.g. a pet goat (i.e. a person at all)? 🤔
When the world needed him the most.
You could write a solid political campaign on this
His last message reminds me of "If god sends me to hell, i want him to atleast  hesitate"
"In a group of three, there is always someone who can be my teacher. " --Confucius
It's reason then...     COOOAAAAHHADSBJAHSBU!
Vsause found the upload button again. Thank God I was missing him
why do you matter?  no reason  how do you reason?  doesn't matter
it is impossible for there to be a "lone reasoner" within the world view of extended cognition, cybernetics or social cognition of reasoning.
Every time I watch a Vsauce video I feel like I regain the braincells I lost while watching tiktok videos.
In partnership with Bill "I spend my time travelling the world in my private jet but it's ok as it flies on agrofuel" Gates.
People on Twitter _really need to watch this video_
I like your interpretation
Excuse me what? Is a married person looking at an unmarried person? "Paul is married" - "Paul is looking at mary". Wtf? You dont even need to include peter to clearly say yes. I dont get it
How dirty do you feel after working with gates?
YOOOO
It's beautiful to see Morton quoted here at VSauce <3
Your idea of a future government being based on randomly chosen individuals is so clever that’s going to be my thesis at university
See the problem with a lottocracy is that it’s effectively just a worse form of democracy.  Assuming a lottocracy is truly random then that is inevitably going to lead to some problems. For one what about protections for minority groups? Those in the majority are going to have a better chance of being chosen, and might make decisions that favor the majority while not caring about the minority. You say “experts” might come in to help, but who’s funding those experts? Is it people who want a law to be passed or not? What happens when someone is randomly chosen who is clearly biased? Let’s say abortion becomes an issue and 8/10 of the jury is conservative men? (Just using it as an example don’t start a flame war).  Well okay, are we going to try to eliminate bias like what happens with jurors? Okay good idea but who’s in charge of each side? Is it randomly appointed people who are the equivalent to randomly appointed lawyers? Sounds pretty sketchy, especially since public defenders already don’t make too terribly much I could see big corporations slipping bribes under the table. Okay do the supporters of each side get to pool money to hire experts on subjects? Well that’s clearly very unfair.   That system of government has so many issues I can’t even list them all considering youtube probably has a character limit of some sort
Lottocracy, using a jury as an example of how it's a useful idea, doesn't instill nearly as much confidence as it was intended since you just got done saying humans are easily swayed.
Bloody genius
This is mind blowing. Never even thought about lottery government before. Time to research on it :)
I value Vsauce's latest upload more than  my birthday .
That ending sounded like I was being asked to join the avengers
back in a day Vsauce would come over often to taught people. Now he comes rarely just to shade them. But this shade is very, very needed
Ok bro I suvks
but where is my mind?
Great video,keep it up!🟡🈳️🟡🈳️🟡🈳️
🌞
That closing music at 29:20 hit different
Now I gotta watch this 20 times like all his other videos
Yo the song at the end goes hard does anyone know what it’s called?
20:25 Reminded me of Hegel's dialectic. Wisdom is in the confluence of opposing ideas
Consider me well-sauced
A lottocracy like communism sounds like it would only work in a perfect world. But thats a really amazimg perspective on reasoning. Nice job Micheal.
michael
I know it's not how these things work, but I find it amusing to imagine that Bill Gates just woke up one day and thought: "I could bring Vsauce back.". And then did it.
Sir want a video on life after death plzzzz
Well that intro is a load of horseshit
Lol “The Future of Reasoning”- created in partnership with Bill Gates, as if he hasn’t been trying to control the population for decades
Me after watching this at 4 30 in the morning: *I CAN TASTE SOUND*
So when are we bringing back lottocracy?
Why do I feel like a damm nerd watching this XD
gacha government amen
This video was kinda disappointing. Instead of the usual mind-fucking topics, this was nothing more than a topic used to push a Bill Gates book along with a "muh climate change" schtick. The fuck?
Thanks for watching? No. Thank you, Michael, for educating. From all of us.
Hey youtube
Thanks Michael.  I too think about the leviathan.  Thanks Michael.
we need to thank Vsauce. The guy provides great content for almost 10 years now and is basically the grandfather of all educational entertainment YouTube Channels, even the stick figure ones in a way. No Vsauce means no Oversimplified, no Sam O'nella, no Thoughty2, no Internet Historian, no Jay Foreman and many more...
5:26 is where i stopped watching. Gates is no scietist...  world is full of pseudo-intellectuals who claim to be scientists
What an absolute masterpiece of a video. I'm showing this to my children.
Omg you just expanded my brain more than this sack of reefa ever could.
I hope I will watch Vsauce's videos when I learn English. :(
1:58 I was a bit scared what organ you were about to show. :)
HOPE  🤯🤯🤯 Salvation is found in no one else, no other name under heaven given among men where by we must be saved. Saved from the punishment of sin. I’m trying to offer people Hope in absolute perfection !!! No more pain, dying, lies, decay, depression, anxiety, crying, sickness, rotten food, broken things , etc... offering the Hope of Eternity in heaven with Jesus Christ. We must be willing to turn from sin and to believe the Gospel, Mark 1:15 to receive Jesus forgiveness. He who does the will of God abides for eternity 1 John 2:17 Visual Bible movies on YouTube. Matthew, Acts, Luke, John   ❤️🇺🇸🤍🇺🇸💙🇺🇸 💜👑✝️📖nkjv 🧎‍♂️🙌
Vsause: Uploads Yearly Me and the rest: Uploads Weekly and Daily
That feeling when you know you just watched a classic two days after it was released.
Do as much educating as you'd like, but there will always be that one guy who can't do better than reasoning that his wife doesn't mind him going to the gym with his girlfriend.
He Lost me at "Michael here"
Thank you Vsauce. Very nice video
or is it?
I see through you, Michael. This video is just your application to be quantumly recreated (or something) in the future. I like it. They should bring you back. :)
“freedom of press is not freedom from consequence”
The king has returned.
Vsauce literally described my Utopia
dangit man im gonna have to watch this another 3 times to get it
Partnership with bill gates? Wtf bill gates wants to depopulate the world, block out the sun,  and he wants to vaccinate (euthanize) everyone, he says about the vaccine "but you don't have a choice, people act like you have a choice." Like wtf? I mean his father was the ceo of planned parenthood that tells you everything.
I get it. Vsause is saying human caused climate change is unchallangeable. Absolutely fact, because some people hear my opinions and disagree with me and its not because their information is wrong but because they are brainwashed and not as smart or altruistic as I am. They disagree because they are following behavioral patterns you see and that makes them think They are correct. Here are some studies about peoples faces that show that is EXACTLY what people who dont agree with me are actually doing. Bill Gates perfect. Being the richest man on the planet bestows upon you the responsibility to reshape all of mankind. And hey, gotta crack a few eggs to make an omlete, amrite?!?! So what if people are put under the boot of a hyper radicalized world government that needs total authoritative control. Liberty? Freedom? LAAAAME. Who cares if Bill Gates is not elected to hold any office. Hes RICH BABY. Bill gates carbon footprint is that of a small country. But you little people need to eat bugs instead of meat and buy our lavished unaffordable eco cars. Your little brains just cannot comprehend oir intelligence.   "Instead of using reasoning, to come to conclusions, we use conclusions to come to reasoning."  So... Dont use reason and logic when it comes to climate change.... Just arrive at conclusions.   Our... Conclusions... ...   Bill Gates' ..... Conclusions.
I am not an elephant, or am I?
Hark, it's Alexander heading East
and thus r/lottocracy has born
So if we know how all this works can’t we just help the future by reworking the brain or is that just too ahead of our time and Ik it sounds dumb but if it’s for the sake of our future and next generations
(21:21 - The Crowd) Those of us pre-internet age can appreciate the magnitude of this observation of what shapes social media propaganda.
brb gonna make an awesomeometer
That track around 6 minutes is an absolute banger lol another VSAUCE hit ;) except, we all know that if people were chosen randomly in america to make important policy decisions after being educated by experts, some guy named "Paul" from Florida will scream Jesus stuff and refuse to pick any of the available options lol
So much reasoning in this vid that I had to go back to cat videos for a brain rest
Dad... i don't wanna go to Abc burgers again
Craposapien🤤
it took a global pandemic for michael to post on this channel again lol
Vsauce magically telepors to a chair
Read "The Lottery", a short story by Shirley Jackson. Bootuube won't allow me to post the link but it's easily found online. It's a quick read.....and chilling.
17:49 well shit, there goes 13 of my 23 years of life.
Oh fuck... no wonder why I am so weird. I haven't socialized enough to make my reasoning skills pro social.   So I tend to not have squishy reasons for my opinions.   I wonder if I wouldn't notice the opinion switches if I took that political reasoning experiment test.  It would be interesting to see what I dont find important at the very least
Return to hermeticism.
I hear bill gates and I didn’t want to watch anymore
HE LIVES!
Cool quote about Aristotle, but I think you guys may have missed the part in Aristotle's work "Politics" where he describes that only a very small percentage of the population of any democracy should be "citizens" and the rest (farmers, laborers, etc) would be slaves working for the benefit of those citizens.  In fact, this is also true of the "first" democracy in Athens... it was government by the people for the people... but really it was government by a small portion of the people, for a small portion of the people.
I want his og music
You just saved America 🇺🇸
23:12
What to take away from every Vsauce video ever: *yesn’t*
Thisan just suggested a better form of government.
I love the conclusions he draws from that. Something like a national holiday fpr discussion seems like a great idea to bridge the gap thats building in most of human societies in current politics. Even the idea of a lottocracy seems like it is worth a try. Before clicking the video i would probably have rejected such an idea but Michael gave some convincing enough reasons for me to change my mind. Great video and we really need things to changr in our modern debate culture to save the world. Thanks Michael
New classic type Vsauce video. Never been so excited to get home and learn.
I feel like a part of this video is for the religious sector, i just wish everyone to be skeptic, civilize, and rational.
26:57 that's such a good idea
if I make it back to the future I'm bringing Michael Stevens back for sure
ok michael, but whats the reason for this video
WAIT VSAUCE!
Time to slip into my monthly v-sauce coma
This is how many people who want you to upload regularly.
The King has returned!
Look who's back.
4:14 This is what is the most exciting about the world for me. We have to condemn the past yes, but accept it and move on as well and create *new legacies* that are as sustainable as they are ambitious.  29:35 Yes! History hasn't ended! Technology hasn't stopped developing! We are merely just getting started...
The idea of social reasoning is interesting, I wonder what the effect of the current form of media has on social reasoning, particularly when it comes to the function of the “crowd”. Does social media create echo chambers that counteract the main effect described, an idea similar to the law of large numbers, where more ppl reasoning and variety of view points creates a more central and accurate result. Instead, the burden rests entirely upon perceived agreement among peers with no social function for deeper explanation to convince others.  Is the very product of social progress (modern media) inhibiting future social progress and further dividing us? Is this a natural, or even spiritual, plateau that prevents us from progressing too far, from destroying ourselves and our world we are tethered to? Idk I’m high as balls
Most of that literal shit is produced by animal slaughter. If you eat meat you're killing animals, contributing to the direct destruction of the earth because of methane gases, insane consumption of fresh water, destruction of the Amazon rainforest for grazing, fields of food and waste for corn to feed cows that could feed the population ten times over, instead of wasting it on cows. On and on if you eat meat you're irrational and the exact opposite of reasonable, you do not use logic or reason. The best excuse I've heard that's absolutely pathetic is " cuz it tastes good"
heres the solution to politics, a Council of Elders, Moral-Ethical-Principled-Logical-Compassionate and Wise People who do not want Power, only influence, they would have 2 jobs, educate the people, fireside chats with the public, and remove corrupt people out of government or stop them from running, an incorruptible authority
Hello there, future self. How's it going? I hope i helped u be better
Eugenics, Mr. Sauce?
Everybody gangsta until when you die you just see vsauce saying: Hey vsauce Micheal here, you why should you go to heaven?
Michael should be no 1  Truth, Vision, KNOWLEDGE should be kept at top (**fur tru**)  Mic
I personaly don't belive in Lottocracy, because most of the topic are too complex to be understan by non professional people and is too easy to manipolate the souces used by the selected people. Who make decision must be the best culturated dude in that field or very neat to it
come on man, stick to interesting topics and keep bullshit politics out.
I say we use blockchain. Get rid of presidents. We all vote on issues via blockchain.
How I miss VSauce videos regularly like this.
The simple reasoning we give to people against us to convince them isn't just because it's easier, it shows the ability to empathize and understand what other people need in order to agree, that they aren't against us specifically but have a problem with a specific thing in our plan...  It may not be our full reasoning as to why we do things, but it does show concern and acknowledgment of the other person by the end, and that's what wins them over...
My mom telling me to stop watching youtube and go do something productive  Me watching Vsauce:
What an absolutely delightfully well made and well thought out video! 10/10 <3
i miss Vsauce, i'm a broke scrub though :( thank you for the video <3
If humans exist in 3D, *see* 2D and *perceive* 3D through inference, could 4D creatures *see* 3D and *perceive* 4D in the same way? Could they misjudge it the same way we can misjudge distance and speed? Wild
this just explained to me why having autism makes me want to jump off a bridge.  i use logic only to come to a decision, i am unable to make guesses of any kind, everything is black or white, straight or curved  wrong or right, things that land between them i dont understand, i cant relate, i have to dismiss.  everyone hates me because i seem like an idiot to them, and i am difficult to talk to  i wonder if this is a disability or if it's somehow natural, is my brain trying to fight back, is more and more people like me popping up in some weird evolutionary trend, i doubt it, it's probably just that i was born stupidly and had i been born in some other decade i'd just have been killed or left someplace to die.
Sheep Video
Man, Michael, if anyone should be brought back to life for their reasoning skills, you're the man of the decade.
I can't believe there are a group of people on twitter who want's to cancel michael because of this video
What's going on with your watch... So distracting! :p
Working against your own preconceived biases is really, really hard. It's something I've been working on, and wow once you notice how often you use confirmation bias, it can be mind-boggling. So much of the research I've been doing has been solely to prove my own point, and not to further my own understanding and develop my personal ability to reason. These videos have helped me recognize that fault of mine, and for that I thank you.
The Goat is back
I have been watching this legend for a decade
MY MIND IS IN DEEP SPACE
I'm not quite convinced by the conclusion of the example @13:00 . When studying product design one of the big mechanics to keep in mind is how the mind stores information either in our brain or in our environment, basically the brain becomes the RAM of our mind and our environment the ROM. What I think might have happened to the partecipants is that they made reasoning processes and the outputs were placed in what was percieved as a secure archive. When they were presented with info from that archive they would just trust their past selves because it would be pointless for you to, say, write down a phone number if you could remember it perfectly. That said, in my experience, the difference between human thinking and machine thinking is that we work more by contrast and comparison as opposed to "if/then" statements, which makes it very difficult for us to make logical decisions. Still, though, awesome video super informative
Oh my. I've got this funny feeling after watching this episode. Almost, like... there's hope for humanity after all. Strange. I'm sure it's passing. We still have the internet.
Sign me up
YOOO HE SPITTIN'
This video would be 5 minutes if there was no reasoning in what you said
in the 70s the experts were sure we were going into an ice age, now the experts are sure we are going into a heatwave, al gore was sure all the ice would be gone by 2014, carbon dioxide is not a pollutant, it is an essential element to the environment, more carbon dioxide would 'green' the planet, the exact thing environmentalists say they want, but they don't want that, they want people to die off, 'radical depopulation' bill gates chuckles when that is mentioned
This is one of the greatest lows for this channel. Went from educating to indoctrinating. Someone said you’re doing God’s work. More like Bill Gates’ work. Also there is no evidence that storms have gotten more intense over the last century.
"your brain helps you remember"  hah! i wish
Hey Vsauce, Fans here. Do whatever you feel comfortable doing, any vid made by you is lovely <3
"it's all preparation for a debate that never comes"  this is what happens with echochambers.
He cut his beard, and suddenly he’s more coherent.... the longer his beard, the crazier he gets
Bro I’d love to smoke a J then just talk to vsauce 😞
Nice video🔥
All I can say is Michael 2024
You can smell the BS by this simple thing: Mary is the only woman, hence she must be married...  Vsauce: Oh, no we must find a gender-neutral-pro-gay-marriage way of logic...  Why am I not surprised Bill Gates bought Michael for his promotion of the Great Reset? Every aspect of the video ist highly manipulative with camera-angles and swift music. In the end Michael speaks of some sort of randomized democracy, like... Athens, where everything he mentioned existed. Meanwhile on this platform censorship rages, professional media outlets smear and openly lie. It is clear: the problem are the mighty and wealthy, becoming so in being without empathy at all, existing in a moneybubble only touching the world with their "reason". These people are the "Great Filter".
Just waiting for nuralink so then "the crowd" is in the cloud
VERY PROFOUND. MADE ME STOP AND THINK LIKE 4 TIMES
I unsubbed the moment you mentioned bill gates....he's a software engineer not a scientist by any stretch of the imagination. He and now you are using his great wealth as someone "so smart that could engineer the tech we have today also climate rere blah blah blah" enjoy your man made everything, enjoy your vaccines that don't work, enjoy your land being plucked from your future.
Ask Bill about his atmosphere cooling plan
What does "rock the boat too much" mean at 6:25? I recognise those are barnacles but I didn't understand the meaning
He’s back!!!
I am so happy he is making videos here again
Yeah bro I’m not letting bill gates control any part of my life
How much does a "partnership" with Bill Gates pay these days? Can I get his number from you?
And as always awesome analysis!!!!
I will be buying the Bill Gates book .. as soon as .. he releases the Vaccine Patents  !
Skills do not make a mind.  Look into Stoicism.  This is just neurotic clap trap
For the ones who want to know more about effective reasoning in times of increasing complexity: Systems Thinking.  Systems Thinking is a holistic way of reasoning and thus working which encompasses various principles from complex systems and (social) complexity theory as a means to truly and deeply learn to understand and act in a world of increasing complexity.
Actively seeking out contrary positions and studying them closely is cognitively painful...
I some how feel smarter and dumber after watching your content. But I love it all the same
Man this is like school all over again
The ONLY VSAUCE
Hey VSauce micheal!!!!! I’ve been a viewer for a couple years and this is one of the most interesting, thought provoking, and import topics you have covered in a while and I’ve got to say this was a great video. Thank you so much for doing what you do. Inspiring the minds of so many, you are bound to be the cause and reason for so much good our future holds.
As I have imagined the cold-consciousness state of the singularity and discarding of reason entirely, I've come to entertain the idea that the purpose of reason can be a dance. Not just a goal of being a calculated logic cluster, but a mixture of human emotion and well seasoned (but self aware) reason. And I think it is okay to teach society to be this flexible. Use reason, but be self aware of how and why this reason is functioning. This includes group reason, which has its own flaws.  That dance isn't easy. For the lottocracy to be effective, the majority needs to be on the same page about things like fallacies and biases. Fallacies and reason alone is not the only factor of success for human survival. But as you said, also includes the many perspectives that each piece lacks.  Reason is a pretty interesting phenomena though, coming out of the biology of Earth. And its a thing of US. If we really wish to survive the biggest threats of tomorrow, we may need to use this spontaneous phenomena to help us. But it will be quite the dance to do so.
This is the best fucking video omg... I can finally organize this thoughts!!! T-T what a fucking relief
Love this
Vsauce seem to absolutely nail everything I'm thinking about all at once incredibly eloquently, slap my ass and send me on my way. Absolutely perfect vid
Thanks for the knowledge, Plato.
I thought the right light in the background was moving down every time he flashed back.
This is so relevant and important right now
Its like fixing the military, theres no silver bullet, you need thousands of silver bullets to fix it. Takes awhile to realize that after you join.
I think about this a lot
My god this was amazing. Time to make a political party made around implementing a lottocracy.
No, this is a terrible idea, since the masses are increasingly brainwashed when it comes to political issues. Their collective opinion would be whatever they were told to believe. It would simply serve to fast track whatever agenda the Powers That Be happen to be pushing at the time.
We shouldn't forget that 'rationality' comes from ratio, which means a division in math. Our rationality breaks the world apart into different pieces so it can understand the mechanism. it's not surprising that rationality won't help much in creating true unity between peoples and nations. The project of rationality can only lead to 'uniformity', which is to say, dividing people to the smallest common denominator, the unit. If we want authentic unity, however, we need to use our supra-rational faculty, which has indeed more to do with intuition. It's the faculty that biology takes for granted when it perceives a cell as a united 'being'. It's the faculty that perceives a word without having to break it down into its parts (something we all had to learn in kindergarten). Only this faculty helps people form coherent groups, and is our way out of this crisis of rationality. Rationality isn't inherently wrong, of course, but it is by its nature ignorant of unity, which means that it's just a handy tool, but not the way to model a complete worldview.
One silly random: Making simulated populations of irl people to help make decisions for future human/post-human civilization...  the simulation hypothesis with extra steps..
30 minutes for an argument ad populum
Whenever there is a study that says 50% of people do X, i always wonder, how do i know im not a part of the other 50%? Because it really feels like i am
Great video, thanks for doing it.  This video just earned the channel my first subscription in many years.
Modern Phones have a LOT LESS functions than older ones. But, they do one or two things very good( camera and screen ). yet people still buy these headphonesless, sdcardless. IRless. swappable batteryless, pieces of trash just cause they have amazing cameras and screen to see the pictures from said camera. the Galaxy S5 was the best Phone ever made, but people dissed it for being 'ugly'
well he ain't dead i see
just remember guys, when youre ever feeling down, just remember youre building everyone elses brain lol
I love you
direct democracy?
He changed the thumbnail
Ey yo bruv do u use dat Minecraft drill on this piece ?
3 months to go until next video
Did he study ToK in IB?
The fact that so many people will see this video gives me so much hope
One man doing God's work to educate people on how to think in this day and age of the internet.
He looks much better like this
5:22, 24:33  “Perhaps” 😳
Tell ya buddy Bill Gates to get his rich pharmaceutical friends to waive their patents on the covid vaccines and less time promoting his book if he truly cares about humanity...
Oh that's right...  It's 2021 now.
Which is the canonical Vsauce, the sub or the dub?
Lottocracy - what a ridiculous and dangerous idea. This is how the oppressive AI hivemind will be created. The corrupt elites know the masses are easily brainwashed so they wouldn't worry about selecting a few random sheep to make the decisions they want for them and hide behind the global consciousness "consensus" and "chance". This would only lead to modern day witch burnings. Hmm, I wonder where Michael got this idea from... Oh wait, "This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates" - what this means is that he was PAID to make this video and say these things. If you see this message on a video you should know that it's no different from an advertisement. Michael has sold out. You're watching a bot. It's time to start seeing through the programming.
Remember when he read the comments? Other people do that for him now.
I don't reason with THAT organ... most of the time.
I feel like if a lottocracy were to be built today there would be a few flaws to it.   Who’s to say capitalism couldn’t work? They might just target those chosen instead or those who are teaching the chosen since experts are being brought in to explain the issue to them.   And in the case where decisions were being made, who’s to say that that conclusion will actually be taken into consideration?  Thoughts?
This is info everyone should know. Keep the work up, love the ideas
I have just become a full blown Lottococrat.
Do my eyes decieve me? Is this a new Vsauce video??!! 😭
The concept of "Lottocracy" at the end... Sounds appealing... And for sure it would be one of Socrates' worst nightmares 🤣
First you have to carefully examine the zero emissions strategy to see how much sense it makes, not take it as gospel. Otherwise your whole argument around why people reject it falls flat. It would be like saying "We all know that the most beautiful color is red, so let's make a deep analysis and see what is wrong with people that pick a different color." Every major investment we do should first pass a cost-benefit analysis. So where is your cost-benefit analysis for reaching zero emissions? And how does it compare with other things we could have used the money for? My suspicion is that most people have an intuitive feeling that the climate hysteria is not real, because people in power don't live their lives as if it is real, they only speak of it in scary terms.
If we all understood that the leading people could be random (an idea that would feel more organic with time) then I think the mandate of power would be easy to respect, especially with everyone possessing an equal likelihood of future office. I'm drunk lol
Where is your mind?
30 minutes of an intellectual coping with the fact that people vote orange clowns and senile pedophiles into power
3.4k people are the antivaxers and sjw's
...but why?
Michael is wearing the same exact shirt he wore three years ago when he read prime numbers for three hours on his Dong, oops I mean Ding channel.
Apparently my mom is living in the past
21:15 that is why we should respect other comments no matter how bad their grammar is.
Hoarding wealth, like Bill Gates, isn't logical. It's greedy.
still waiting for the new brain update from elon musk
Is it just me or is Michael looking ripped as hell?
I needed this. Thank you.
5:48 and here it comes..
9:34 if reason is so great why isn't there reason 2, bskly
Speaking of communication, your body language and semi-misdirections are on point :)
He grew his beard back. He looks like a complete stranger sans beard, this is the Michael I’m accustomed to.
michael has g-man eyes, they're not symmetrical but they both look at you anyway, welcome to my theory as to why michael is a realm-hopping alien
"It's not a bug, it's a feature"
DEEEP
Typo in your video description. Hyperobects.
Hi Michael!
So we're just casually endorsing Anarchism? Absolutely Based
This is a great video i wish everybody was interested in our future
VSAUCE, living the ancient teacher's guide in 3021.
Billionaires tend to fight to keep the status quo, Michael.
Petition to force presidents and prime ministers to check in with Michael whenever they make a semi important decision.
Holy Shit I thought for sure this channel was dead!
im hyped, time for a bong rip and a new vsauce episode
There is no deity worthy of worship except Allah and Muhammad is his messenger.
The music that starts at 14:02 is pretty chill lol
4:19-4:38 so succinctly summarizes why climate change is such a difficult problem to tackle..
This is the best notification I've woken up to in months.
OMG i literally got patent pending for the solution to this 1 month ago...  Please comment below if you wanna help me bring it to market.
I’ve recently been doing an opinion essay at school and Confirmation Bias is so true. In fact, the teacher requires us to decide our opinion before we start writing. And I didn’t really have any reasons why Screens where better than Books until my friends started arguing why books where better, then I had so many reasons that I wrote on a paper.
"Sorry boss, I gotta quit this job because I won the lotto to decide on some issues. Can you hire me back once I'm done? Thanks."
Just use Kleros 👍
It's crazy how these videos always give me a different view of the world, I'm never the same after I watch them
Bill Gates lol
"Hey, Vsauce, Michael here! Where is mind?" - It's all fun and games until Michael loses mind.
This really puts the value of open-mindedness into a new perspective.
15:00 Deductive Reasoning?
None of that is possible without free speech.
Well, the first half was pretty familiar, but I thought it provided a great introduction to the topic. The second half though, that was truly inspired.
future rhys you better be smoking a fat dooby right now with a fit girl or im gonna be pissed
Vsauce return to form well done
Ha finally tech and reasoning fight science.  Who is the winner of such a death battle?
How that the last part of that gave me chills! I hope humanity ca figure this big sticky object out.
5:42 this man had me wating for 5 minutes😂😂😂
I see Michael used his quarantine time to get heavy on philosophy, amazing work
This is the greatest and most important video I think I have ever watched
Ben Shapiro: *destroys you with facts and logic* Vsauce Michael: *destroys facts and logic*
Such a meeting place as you speak of Michael should go beyond our physical presence and be centered around this great gift that can connect us across the planet: the internet.
a lotto / demo cracy hybrid sounds like a good balance
No.
As a compliment, your videos have a high cognitive load. This video was a high intensity interval brain training for me and I felt mentally tired even before it ended, but now I can't stop brainstorming. A mental runner's high? Sorry for the analogies. Totally unexpected while I was getting my daily dose of YouTube. I am grateful to you for sharing your work.
I Hope Bill Gates' money is all you took from him.
Who noticed that this is 4k DCI?
I was just thinking yesterday how I haven’t seen a vsauce video in a long time. Good to see you again Micheal.
I just watched Mark Rober’s video about the vegetarian burger where he collared with Bill Gates
This video is super cool! But uhhhh I think people should be aware of the negative effect Bill Gates has had on global health by overzealous defense of intellectual property and monopoly medicine https://newrepublic.com/article/162000/bill-gates-impeded-global-access-covid-vaccines (Sorry for the non-sequitur, this video itself is great, it's just that Bill Gates is not and more people should know)
That bit about technology is spot on
Oh my god...In the end, I literally reached this conclusion on my own....
Cool, all we need to do is have billionaires (like Gates or Musk or Bezos etc.) tell us what to think and do to avoid climate disaster. Certainly not to trust our own senses and realities, but the _facts_ (certainly not filtered in anyway, never think that) provided by those paid by the billionaire. And if these billionaires should just so happen to favor solutions that keep exacerbating wealthy inequality and poverty in favor of the billionaires ... well, see, it was the facts that lead us here. Not twisted information or even outright lies. Nope. Simple facts. And if those facts would ever seem to be wrong or non-factual... well, that's just our silly ol' brains getting it wrong.
Point of order: have we defined mind?
Yooo a Video LESSSGOOO
Absolutely brilliant. Thanks Michael for the great work!
"If each of us would just attend only to the facts, surely we'd recognize the same reasonable approach" metaethics has entered the chat
Glad this video is sponsored by Bill Gates, who made his billions off of internet machines, the root of this isolation of reasoning
With the whole beginning of this video is why Bill Gates should not be in control and then you tell me that he is in control of this video nothing is sacred anymore
A year ago I took Youtube Premium just to watch Michael's Mind Field.... And I stuck ever since.
I love Bill Gates he knows so much about climate change and has not contributed to the destruction of ONE inch of this earth!
freedom of speech is a massively underrated idea, especially after seeing this
C'mon man I was just about to go to sleep, then I see this recommended. And I have school tmr.
Dammit...I secretly knew vsauce was a radical leftist lunatic, but didn’t want to accept it, doing gigs with bill gates, that elitist narcissistic communist, the idiot that is a computer geek that thinks he is a doctor and gives advice about COVID on TV. Cmon dude, I liked your videos...
if you shave your head and beard you will look like Merlin of kingsman. great video BTW
watching v sauce makes me feel big brain
Human beings are eusocial.  Change my mind.
The mind is not an object, it is an activity. Thus there is nothing growing, just like with many activities we just learned to use tools to improve on the possibilities of said activity.
This is what the bible said
This is a low key fuck you to people that deny the fact that think humans have nothing to do with climate change
Love this c:
Questioning the authority and validity of non-Democratic and individual leaders while also partnering with Bill Gates is a bit of a head-scratcher.
In a Canadian province, they created a "Citizen's Assembly" to pick a new voting method to replace first-past-the-post. It was composed of regular Canadians who listened to experts and then collectively chose and ranked a number of voting systems to propose to government. Sounds a lot like the lotto-cracy.
"Millions of years" hasn't happened and isn't a real thing and all so called proofs of it have been debunked.
Echo Chambers are a threat to human survival.
Awesome!!!
Wow! What a tour de force! This has got to be my favorite video you've ever made! Gives voice to so many of the thoughts I've been struggling with lately. We really need to cohere and stop fighting. We need collective understanding. So profound
No
Dear everyone who reads this, we don't know each other but I wish you all the best in life and happiness 💖💖💖💖
it's all good till VSauce hit you with the "or is it"
Man its nice to see vsauce getting back in the YouTube game. How come he doesn’t post much anymore? Kind of sad.
Hmm this video hit the spot considering im currently taking a deliberation class
You do realize the Global warming problem has a very easy and cheap solution, sulfur dioxide injections. The CO2 problem doesn't have a solution.
spectrum on where you landed on between rational plus irrational/emotional that makes us human...
Open-source philosophy
How do you Reason* the trolley problem?
cognition for the sake of vanity... "I read a 100 books yesterday"
2:16 that’s conk creete babeyyyy
We're so fortunate to receive access to Michael's ideas and high-quality education for free
His watch disappearing and reappearing was distracting...
Recent polls say one in five Kiwis won't get vaccinated for COVID-19. Most of them firmly believe they have rationality on their side. I can't help but think what seems like a failure of reasoning is actually a failure of agreement on the problem we are actually trying solve, and which one(s) are being ignored.
Thank you for this video. Absolutely fascinating.
michael has gotten so fast at popping up it now looks like teleporting to us mere mortals
Lmao, who is disliking this video?
Sounds reasonable
A person can do all sorts of jobs but they can't do it as efficiently as the one who does it everyday.
Any filter needed to explain why we don't find aliens is found right at the root. The chemistry of origin of life requires odds so astronomical that we have no reason to expect them to have been overcome anywhere in the universe. Just the synthesis of the building blocks of the building blocks of life by known processes cannot be accounted for even if the number of trials were equal to the number of particle interactions in the history of the entire universe.
nice
Descartes has left the chat
If I knew what the reasonable limits of lifestyle actually were, where I could survive alongside anyone else on the planet indefinitely, that'd make me feel a whole lot better about everything we're up to while our lifespans piss away into oblivion.  But what do we do about sociopaths that either don't care about fairness, or are too ignorant to understand why it matters?
head empty; no think.
Wake up, babe. V-Sauce dropped a vid
Parecon when?
Bill Gates should use his power to pressure institutions to take power away of people like him.
You need to fillibuster this somewhere in america
holy god.
some people will say anything for a dollar
i love you vsause but i also like you, you are have your own style and kick so much ass
you know things are bad in America when Michael comes out and suggests a lotacracy
Wow this was awesome. Thank God it wasn’t someone “the world will end and we can’t reason our way put of it” kind of deal, but it was more of a positive outlook on the future. Great work, Micheal!
now i know why modular synthetis is so sexy
so it is about blockchain
What is essential? I would find purpose working for this instead of someone who will not use my potential appropriately
Michael for president!
After reading some ancient Greek history and thinking about our current use of juries, I came to the same conclusion. Thanks for letting me know the name, lottocracy. But I mentioned my conclusion to a campaign manager friend and he dismissed it as crazy.
"Instead of using reasoning to come to conclusions, we use conclusions to come to reasons" - Michael, Vsauce (2021)
I'm going to watch this in two parts, it's SO densely packed with information. I definitely need a break to internalize some of this.
HEY VSAUC3E
The way you weaved this together was masterful. Thank you for sharing this type of thinking. It is through collaboration that we all exist and must persist.  Will say, as much of my mortality that I try to rationalize and come to terms with the thought of one day being brought back terrifies me haha. Thanks for letting me know I still have so much to work through. ..There's so much work to do. I am proud to do it.
I've watched just 7 minutes and I'm loving this vídeo so much. The description at 1:20 is memorable.
Money drives actions Many are not needed Purpose loosing meaning Mind getting sick Something called essential action must aim at prosperity Some simple ideas Fewer than what happens today More people free to increase potential without constraint  Lose your power to give the opportunity of potential to rise to your level
Am I late?
oh how I've missed this
found this channel one day when I was in sixth grade... now i’m a sophomore in college and still never clicked so fast when i saw vsauce uploaded again
Read Bill gate's how to avoid a climate disaster. ZERO!
The subtitles don't match what is being said and it's infuriating
Welcome back Michael.
Cool. Thanks, Bill Gates.
27:11 "We the People are the government" joe biden - 2021
I truly hope Michael understands that all those downvotes are because he's pushing this Bill Gates BULLSH!T!! Never thought such an inspirational guy like Michael would be such a douche. 😞
Vsauce, I asked you to make more videos and you delivered.
this is beyond anything ive thought before this ties all my inner theorys together and supports my mental struggle in understanding this universe
vsauce finally took the bill gates shill pill :(
Micheal casually suggesting to overthrow the government
He's back
Vsauce done changed
Oh you're still alive
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book 'How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.' " yikes didn't realize my boy Michael has been bought out
someone needs to show this to some people on twitter
Veeeery interesting 👌
i fear for mankinds future
I swear V sauce is like a living representation of what my brain does when I'm trying to sleep
imagine shilling for bill gates
"Someday we will all be the ancients." God damn it Michael, total brain fuck.
Thumbnail be like: Wait it's all Vsauce? *Always has been*
Wow, loved the ideas you expressed in your conclusion! Too bad there's no chance in hell it'll happen. 🙃
3:08 this is how global warming should be explained everywhere
Finally a OG Vsauce Video
What I learned or already knew yet I consider it to be very important:  * We are filled with biases which at one point may have had a useful purpose.  * Dialogue with other human beings with diverse perspectives is key to getting closer to a correct perception of reality. It is also key to reasoning and ironing out said biases.  * Having really good social skills and a genuine intent to reach the truth is key.  * If social skills and reasoning are important, then effective communication is also key for all these to work best.  * The importance of specialization  * There may be an unknown unknown that'll test our species capacity to continue or will let us perish. (The great filter).
It's almost like Aristotle could predict the future! I think this was from one of his lesser known books called 1984 B.C 😂😂😂
and as always, i'm too high for this
Why everybody who talks about the mind tries to seem like they are "outside of the system" and know what true and what isn't? We are so confined within our minds with our models of models, that it's almost pointless to try to make it seem the other way.  Just kidding, great episode!
We could just all agree on this and keep on living with our lazy ass minds
saying the organ we use to reason, he put his hand down the table and took out the brain.  Frankly I was surprised.
th ending is a GREAT idea
Lottocracy manifesto! It's time for a new world revolution, guys)
Michael is so freaking good at what he does... every video i leave with an existential crisis. These last two videos have been AMAZING!
Billionaires are cringe
Lottocracy as Michael describes it would not work. the world would not be ruled by people randomly chosen, it would be a charisma-tocracy. Those who 'educate them on the issues' would be the ones in power. Who decides who is an expert to 'educate' those randomly chosen? Corporations would not have to court the population, they would only have to court those experts to argue their case.  Even if you removed the 'educate them on the issue' part and put them straight into voting, you have a tyranny of the majority. 12 animals are chosen from two million wolves and one million sheep to decide who gets eaten for dinner.
Oh man, Gates’ vaccine nano bots have been activated and they swarmed Michael’s brain and is now under Bill’s control!!
i really loved the video until he said people should be chosen at random to lead our government.... that seems insane to me, what if a murderer, or a sex offender, or a clearly evil person is chosen? what if its more than one? this leaves the fate of the country objectively at random, it makes no sense whatsoever. A better solution would be to democratize our government, not just let random people govern us.
V-for vendetta-Sauce
We’re not going to make it that far the planet is FUCKED
Conclusion.  Good and Evil need each other   We reason for social reasons.
Greta thunberg needs to see this. Go back to school kid! It's hot a simple as you think
I got solutions but who would concider applying them the way they are with the power to do so.  Prosperity isn't hard to achieve but the condition makes it so your interest is against it  I would see all aspect of a situation and find the best outcome to aim at instead of choosing something without aiming at something specific   Making decision based on which is the best is against the perspective of the result
Effects of global warming are very clearly visible now. We can't ignore it now.
I see a lot of Yuval Noah Harari vibe on this video
Wow I think this is one your best videos yet! Incredinly interesting as always but the thing that sets it apart is that you've encouraged me to change the way I approach reasoning and social interactions. Very inspiring thanks Michael!
Vsauce is the singularity of the universe
All elephants are objectively awesome....
Hmmm seems kinda liberal but it’s still ok
An excellent discussion, with great ideas.
Editing the sound together of you speaking and objects appearing, was nicely done!
A wonderful video! Very strong vibes of "Messages for the future" and "What will we miss?" This really felt like the Vsauce from 5 or 6 years ago made it, and I mean that in a good way. Modern Vsauce is still really good, but it's indescribably different from old, pre-mind-field Vsauce. Excellent job, one way or another
#awesome-ometer
He pulls out the Bill Gates book and all I think is Common Core Math.  Oh no, reason has left this conversation. ;)
am crying man...
Thanks professor, but OMG the brainwork to run the background on all this thought-flow is far too complex and too much in 30 minutes.  The background on some is damn near hours of reading topical research for a single paragraph.  I haven't even gotten to the future part!
Oh god it's here!
Yay a new vsauce video
vsauce said we live in a society
Bill gates through his foundation stopped Oxford from making its COVID vaccine open source rather bill gates had them sell it to astra Zeneca. An open source vaccine would have allowed any nation to produce its own vaccine and there by save uncountable lives. Now astra Zeneca has total control of the vaccine production and distribution and stands to gain massive profits. Explain how that makes any sense.
Vsus
Your content is the consistency of tofu.
"coupon!"
So happy to see Hugo Mercier's work getting a wider audience. My Doctoral work was inspired by his argumentative theory of reasoning. Vsauce.... Thank you thank you.
We are the collective  you will be assimilated
Regarding the social theory of reasoning, there was a study done by Ellen Langer at Harvard in the 70s in which she had students break in line at a busy copying machine on campus.  Three different scripted requests were used:  one in which they just asked to use the machine, and two in which they asked to use the machine "because" followed by a reason.  What the study found was that cases in which they provided a reason were over 90% likely to succeed vs the 60% of the cases in which no reason was given.  However, the interesting part is that of the more successful requests providing a reason, one used a legitimate reason ("Can I use the copier because I'm in a rush?") while the other simply stated the obvious ("Can I use the copier because I need to make copies?").  Surprisingly, the success rate of the latter was almost identical to the former, suggesting that the reason didn't even have to be great, so long as it was...a reason.
REINSTATE THE COUNCIL OF 500!
lol our brain didn't take millions years to evolve !
"Who wants to start a lottocracy?" Not the people who didn't want to do homework I suppose lol.
Where is my mind?!
The issue with leftism in current culture is they don't want the team effort of reasoning. If you don't agree you are automatically a bad person.
Who else didn't know "intuited" was a word?
14:24   actually yes I do do this, I have a nonverbal disability so I have to, or else sometimes I get the emotion wrong!
I’d say dial back the gestures 10%, give or take, and you’ve nailed it, Michael. Also, fascinating video🖖🏼
Was interesting all the way up to the point he brought up Bill Gates...then I could feel my eyes rolling upwards and moved on to another video.
I think v sauce has been slacking on the diet
Random other places in life where some of this is already occurring: - group projects in classrooms (formal time for bringing together opinions) - consultants (randomly chosen generalists have collaborative input on projects)
Until next year
I used an awesome-ometer and found out this video is awesome.
"Word." - Destrova
Yeah tell that to the anti-vaxxers.
Emotion>reason is unfortunately how life works, I wish it didn't though
This is the reason why Flat-Earthers and Feminists exist.
Am I in TOK class?
TOK PTSD noises
This video is very ahead of its time. I think people will be coming back to this 50 years from now (if YouTube doesn't delete it for some reason) and look at this as some kind of warning from the past.
mate this is an amazing video, I hope it gets international attention and people start to listen and rethink the way things are heading. get the producers of Kony2012 onto this to hype it beyond belief and we might actually be able to effect meaningful change.
The first 7 minutes of this was such a Rollercoaster, I can't go on. Fan of the channel, but the point of the video appears to be so occulted by that 7 min mark, it's like a complex script is being read while pretending it's 'off the cuff'.  Inspirational for the first 2 minutes, then the dystopian mind placebo is hammered continuously.  3:10 Stronger storms, but "can't be pinned to any particular event" (no evidence of an actual problem)
He's back!
Reasoning is GONE nowadays...
Every great innovation has been caused by a perceptional shift in society. Why not keep a open mind and at minimum reach a discussion
This might of been the most important information I have ever learned
Imagine if us, the world, the universe were all part of a robots mind...like we are the AI & just don't know it.
"We each play a very small in deciding how society is run." While this may be true, we play a tremendous role, in fact the ONLY role, in deciding how our lives are run. And finding satisfaction within your own life makes society better because you are a better citizen.
Michael you're amazing. Now here's a deal. I give you a name as a gift "Sadhguru" he's a mystic from India. Watch his videos (if u want I can share links) and thank me later😎. Now what you've to give me is to make a video on Hindu/Indian calendar. Looking forward to seeing you expedite 🙏
There is a chance Dr Manhattan is controlling Michael
Hey, vsauce! Michael here. Where is....your mom?
All Humans Need To See This
We can choose!! I love you all!! Let’s grow more food:)
Sponsored by bill gates and the reptilians. Water engine by STANLEY MEYER’S? Nah not profitable. Phil rose fungi house? Nah, not profitable
Regarding everything with the QAnon and conspiracy theory insanity, upon which my own parents have fallen into, this video has shed an unbelievable amount of insight on how this is happening and why it's become so fucking dangerous. I really appreciate this video and breakdown of how we got to where we are.
I’d love to see a video about tinnitus & frequencies!
My theory as to why aliens havnt talked back Is because they have an alliance. All highly intelligent organisms which have progressed past a certain point of evolution can join the Galactic Alliance so to speak. It's against the rules of this alliance to openly effect the natural evolution of life on a planet. So they are not allowed to openly make themselves known until certain criteria are met.  Think about the statistics aspect of life and what is takes for life to evolve on a planet. What elements it takes for life are abundent in the universe. A planet would have to be a certain distance from their star. It would need the development of an atmosphere.  I wouldnt be suprised if life exists in places such as Pluto under the surface. Life can exist where it can, other living organisms may have evolved to have fitness in such extreme conditions.
im pissed i didnt get a notification
When the Vsauce music hits, but it's different, you know it's gonna be a good video
Vsauce collab with Bill Gates = unsub 🤔😕😔
fuck, that was the fastest I fell asleep in ages.
I wish Michael still made videos regularly
This is literally mgs2's ending
11:45 that's some later Wittgenstein shit
This video felt important
Once again, I feel like I understand it and at the same time I don't
ALL PRAISE THE KNOWLEDGE LORD!
The industrial revolution was a mistake
You lost me at bill gates🙄😒
@21:56 — I hate to be pedantic, but the takeaway from the study isn't that the group is always more accurate than an individual, but rather the larger the sample size, the greater the odds of the estimates average being closer to the true value.
I have found that using fact-based reasoning actually makes you LESS social.
babe wake up new vsauce
We love Michael's Quality first not quantity policy . It worths .
But that's just a theory-- A SOCIAL THEORY
Fuck bill gates and his complete bullshit narrative
The problem with that form of government is speed. What happens if a huge decision needs to be made quickly?  For example a nuclear missile is flying towards the country, how does a decision get made before it hits?
Blah blah blah
The greatest threat to mankind is OVERPOPULATION which has strongly influenced our current serious threat "global warming"  No one is talking about it. Why, because capitalism is all about growth so we haven't heard about overpopulation since the late sixty's. The more people there are in the world the less people are valued. Overpopulation means "disparity of wealth" which will result in War. Major wars now will involve the use of nuclear weapons. Vsauce comments about everyone sharing in the new technology, increased life expectancy, suffer less, work together better are only partially true and only for the top ten percent of humanity, the rest live on less than $500 per YEAR and die much younger, from starvation,  poor or no health care and dangerous living conditions. They are the labor that brings to the top ten percent all the goodies Vsauce is talking about. Our advantage at being "reasonable" humans will be the death of us all. Think Logic not Reason and trust Intuition.
Carbon is our friend and not our enemy. I think people need to rethink the reason why we need carbon.
very sus seeing vsauce attempt to say anything radical while openly partnering with one of the richest dudes in the world lmao
The  human  mind  is amazing. All  the  thoughts  never  quit  thinking
Return to monke I say. We strayed from the Bible and we will all die and suffer for it.
I’d love to see you talk to Bjorn Lomborg
I'd bet a million that you're nothing but a marxist talking head by this point..
Big brain!
Micheal hit everything home
The music switch with intuitions at 14:02 was fantastic
It’s about time we’ve had lottocratic revolution.
I feel enlightened
There's a lot of concepts in this video that are overlapping with that from this one college class I'm taking, and that creeps me out. Never thought Michael helped my finals!
I remember when I was younger I loved watching your videos I would say "gotta get my Brian all saucey " lmao
YouTube: a new vsauce video Me: "Impossible" 😮
Honestly if it kills most civilizations I’d call it a pretty bad filter am I right
Haven’t even started this, pretty sure I’m about to be fascinated by something I didn’t know I wanted to learn about
Ladies and Gentleman He's Back!! The Crazy son of a Bitch he's back!!!!
I now question everything
Idk why I've recently started being more diverse to informational or more philosophical and hard-hitting videos Idk why I've recently been getting this huge anxiety when I see the titles and temptation to click it or not and feeling really stupid when I do Guess I cope terribly with failure I wish I enjoyed life and wasn't like this
micheal, thoughts on vandana shiva's reasonings against bill gates?
14:30 bold of you to assume im not autistic
For that we have to establish some general ideas... Freedom does not exist any individual or subject is a product of his or her environment and past experiences...  Freedom of choice does not exist we only operate our decisions based on past experiences and presented options...  Ill intention could hide behind the full side of pleasant words... Words on paper such as Constitution does not constitute the factual reality that anyone is experiencing... Single individual was never a smallest unit of humanity such was a tribe AKA group of people... Therefore I see how you're explanation as to group reasoning makes sense...  Technological progress is something we are slaves of... Promised us careless lifestyle but dilemma is it stole our freedom by its need in us progressing it... Yada yada yada etc. etc. still didn't figure it out  this part yet... By far we act as cancer on the body of the world we eradicate species and polluted environment we need to move beyond that and become third person agents observing reality without harming award attempting to influence it.. We are all part of one entity that by our sheer subjectivity and physical limits are unable to grasp fully... But surely contribute to it in every now and then... Like Michael from vsauce or me commenting all this here...
Sponsored by Atlus in promotion of Shin Megami Tensei III: Nocturne HD Remaster
It's weird I got the logic puzzle right because it reminded me of the proof that not all irrational numbers to an irrational power is irrational, using root 2
Puzzle
This is one of the very few channels where you actually look to subscribe with all alerts active just to keep that addiction to knowledge going it.  I wish there were more videos coming up 🥲
I stopped watching when you said your working will Bill Gates. Disgusting Micheal.
I watched this with both growing inspiration and dissappointment.   The propositions put forth were, as seems to always be the case these days, presented from a neutotypical point-of-view; a view which is often unburdened by the divergent and “flawed” nature of a mind that lives with autism or adhd - conditions which, historically and conventionally, challenge and fly in the face of a neurotypically accepted and constructed paradigm that is what is considered “normal” in our global societies today.   Step outside of what “normal” people believe and expect EVERYONE to do/think/say/believe, and you’re viewed as wrong, broken, defective. The way you view the world, even if factually correct and true, is still argued with because of the way in which you approached it or explained it; it didn’t fit into the model that “normal” people were taught/told is how it is, and so somehow your facts and truth are fallacies and false, unless and until explained in such a way BY the “normal” people TO themselves and their contemporaries that it makes sense to them and their worldview - even if it is exactly the same information, just explained a different way...  To exist and perceive outside the accepted and controlled narrative that is the neurotypical and abled zeitgeist is to be inevitably othered, DISabled, neuroDIVERGENT; different.   And we all know that humans have ALWAYS had deep, irrational responses to things that are different to them and theirs...
I think this is a very interesting concept. However, the first question I would have with the lottocracy. Would be, how would we get around propaganda in this system? You mentioned that, corporations would have to influence all of us but hasn't that already been shown to be feasible and reliable? I think about the red scare and currently the anti-Chinese rhetoric. As simple examples of how the powerful in a given society have so much influence. That to step a way from the current models (not that I am in favor of the current models) would not work and would only force the powerful to implement their propaganda to a greater degree. Wouldn't it also, make the accountability of any decisions made by these individuals moot? As an example: (person X) decides to make a decision that 90% of the population dislikes and feel is harmful. Well (Person X) was given the power to make such a decision. Even if (person X) was doing it for the LOL's. The decision was made. Don't get me wrong. That still happens (a lot) in current systems but I am not convinced that this system would be much better.
come, friends, our "or is it" time of the year has come
The Man, The Myth, The Legend           Or Is He?
These videos have inspired more deep though in me than all my old teachers combined. For which, I’m grateful.
You dont need school when you have this
Incredible video
if the whole world finally unites one day and works as one body instead of different countries and governments, I want Vsauce to be our leader
lol I think we can collectively agree that this guy is a legend.
Watching a Vsauce video baked takes you places is all I’m saying.
Thank you Michael for telling something important and well said.
Imagine how simple the world would be if we chose groups at random to make decisions
very much on point, thanks alot for this, and take care
Michael, I think our planet is burning.  *Get me an agora, NOW!!*
#MichaelStevens2024
Michael is the ideal Daddy, yall can't tell me otherwise
Best content on YouTube, no question.
Run for president and fix our political system, might as well
https://youtu.be/H3JrdCtB7Rk
I love you. In my opinion, this is by far the best video you have ever made. I really mean that.
“Where… is your mind?”  Please vsauce, I’m 6 seconds in and I’m already questioning my existence.
Michel please stop your hurting me
From the people, by the reason, to the people...?  GOV: ohh no no no no no no... phahaha
Everyone be more rational, use reasoning, hold true to your values and break your habits, be vegan, save the animals and planet
Made-up liberal problems? He’s been drinking to much of his own v-sauce.
LOTTOCRACY FOR THE WIN BABBYYYY maybe we can actually apply socialist ideals!
I am saving the pleasure of this video for a Friday.
The crowd reasoning together worked out poorly in Salem, Massachusettes
I infere Gate's intenttions by this vídeo. He wants to make sure the dumbest people decide. Cheezus!!!
Hope.
Nice to see you again.
Book 1 of Dei Anima (Περὶ Ψυχῆς if you prefer the Greek), Aristotle paraphrases Anaxagoras: "Mind is the ultimate reality."
wake up babe new vsauce video dropped
I'm sure the anti-spirals know the answer to these questions.
Vsause: Posts Me: This is real?
Michael's beard is back to normal. I think the ayahuasca has finally worn off.
Me encanta tu contenido, un capo.
I'VE MISSED YOU SO MUCH!!!!
the illuminati is based on the sensationalized belief of reason just like this video
The banality of evil. Unsubscribe
this is literally why densely populated areas are more affluent and middle America (underpopulated) is generally dumb
Alright Ancients. Y’all ready to quantum-ly reintegrate into a new stream of consciousness in order to save your Great^n grandkids?
THIS WAS AMAZING
Michael always brings me joy and happiness when he uploads
I’m not an intellectual, and this stuff somehow seems to make sense to me.
Sounds like micheal is trying to enlighten the masses. Rock on.
Aw yissssssssssss
time for the yearly Vsauce mindfuck
And the climate change agenda begins..
Quality of life is rising!....unless you're poor, then your life expectancy is actually going down.
What if there's two different Marys......
You are ignoring the fact that people are different hierarchicaly. There will aways be superior and inferior people, that is biological and no ideology or belief can change this no matter how hard you want
Wait he partnered with Bill fuckin Gates?
Brilliant! Bravo!!
Anyone having a fair reason to why you comment?
You lost me at Bill Gates, that guy ruined my generations high school education through crony lobbying and entrapment.
My reasons are better than your reasons
"Why did you vote for that guy?" "He said i'd get free shit" I THINK politicians exploit people's lazy reasoning.
Man, I don't understand these complicated grammar
hey michael, please look up 'socialism'
i like how he is just literally describing anarchism at the end
This is the best analysis I've seen of the left-right divide. Didn't make it condescending to either side. Kudos, Michael.
when we discuss reasoning we are talking about the act of giving a reason to something? because the translation of this word to my languge is kinda ambiguous
Someone has read the enigma of reason.
Oh. my. God.
lol sponsored by the guy more concerned with preserving the sanctity of IP law over human life. awesome dude
paid political ad
Oh no bill bought vsauce....
Ah this is going to age well
Geez. This is so Propaganda it’s sickening. #Unsubscribed
If he does get recognized in the future, it wont be because of his ideology, it will be because he was very good at getting these ideas into many people's mind, and with that, allowing them to engage in thought
I have a question. if you kept going in a straight line and you have a suit to protect you from any damage or stuff like that would you end up back where you were?
Blockchain baby
Brilliant
BABE WAKE UP, NEW VSAUCE UPLOAD
It seems like the average brain size is quite a lot smaller than that and far less capable than what he described. Anyone ever tried to drive through a city? Or on a freeway. Yeah. Shit ain't happening
The return of the vsauce is what I need right now. Thank you, thank you, thank you!
They gave reasons to why they picked those people because they trusted that they were seeing the same choices they picked and didn’t realize they were deceived, and didn’t have the memory to remember them all. Doesn’t mean people can’t decide things for themselves just means they were deceived of their trust
11:25 ...Ah, clever.  They used partial truths to trip us up.  We know elephants _ARE_ awesome by default (yeah, even the ones that go on rampages.  Well, awesome in a terrifying way).  And we know Michael is awesome.  I see what they did there.
I belive this is a great idea and I love the possible outcomes it would entail, but with any ideas even good ones there are some things to look very keenly on. Such things are the period of execution, the people who benefit most from the current system not wanting it to change, and finally the need for intellectual refinement of the ideas and plans. The first two can be extended to become a natural progression, but the last one has to be dealt differently.  One way you may be able to solve the refinement problem is by using the lottocracy as a think tank in wich the elected people come up with a ruph idea of while the professionals refine it.This is my own idea but i think it is a interesting idea none the less.
29:07 Someone is cutting a runescape tree
brace yoselves... its one of THOSE episodes
Vsauce on Global Warming:  I needed this.
About 1% of people have no capacity to reason (looking at dislikes)
https://youtu.be/6SWz6qI8Ius
Vsauce, thank you. I've been trying to reason with my friends about this for years.
Bill Gates? Humm. Hard nope.
I needed this
Crazy Times Carnival Incident
29:10 somehow i was expecting micheal to say “Hey, that’s pretty good”
Once the music starts you know you’re about to get bitch slapped with some knowledge
Having just studied the Enlightenment and the Romantic movement, this was fascinating.
There’s disagreements simply because it boils down to good and evil. Some people want to do things with evil intentions or agendas while others with good intentions for everyone and honesty
Licky Licky.
I wonder how many people would mistrust the "randomness" of these decision makers. So many people already mistrust the authority in our democratic society
It would take a life time for Pseudo Climate Activists like Greta Thunberg, to understand this level of introspection of climate change.
Bro what
Please please please, I want this in a book!!!!!
Something interesting I’ve experienced is going onto a mystic website with a page that answers any question with a yes or no. Going in with a vague notion that there could be validity to the answers, I surprisingly found them all to be valid for one reason or another. It wasn’t until I asked factual questions, like “Was Alexandre Dumas an author” that it got wrong that I was able to recognize how arbitrary the answers were. Our ability to interpret and reason with things, even completely arbitrary things, allows us to reinforce whatever we want to believe.
Lol
Michael fir president right now
I wish this video had portuguese subtitles.  like, srsly. This is indeed a great video and needs more access to everyone
Or maybe don't rely on Bill Gates idk
See you all in a year!
Que weon más pulento
Rascal Does Not Dream of Bunny Girl Senpai just got a whole lot more intellectual in my opinion
If you like the topics discussed in this video, the book Thinking Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman is a good resource.
Yeah, Bill gates wants to put light blocking particles in the atmosphere to block the sun which will cause droughts and crops to not grow and an increase in pathogens like it has before with volcanic winters. Which makes it all the more reasons to believe that this same guy would be crazy enough to let out a man made virus in another country for population control and to capitalize off the vaccine that he owns and owns stocks in phizer. Guy doesn’t have compassion he treats humans like cattle.
It's too late. Every society on Earth is controlled by 6 major corporations and 99 percent of the major media. There is NO way for people to return to a fair world ruled by reason. For proof just watch any of the major TV stations or read any of the major newspapers. With one exception THEY all parrot the same party line. And is SUCKS...
#4 on trending.
what´s wrong with the subtitles and their weird interpretation??
Eww bill gates
Awareness is the keyword.
New video y'all!
I feel like this video could be superized by the clip of spongebob, when Manray trys to give Patrick his wallet back
One of the best VSauce videos ever if I may say so
Quality over Quantity.
Michael had this shirt for at least 3 years
makes a video about convincing people to be reasonable.....  says video is brought to us by bill gates in 2021....
I lost and regained braincells at the same time.
First of all, this is still a masterpiece. If this song doesnt bring you to tears then I dont know what would.   Secondly what you are asking is for a lot of change.  Worldwide revolutionary political and economic reforms Research extensivley funded by neutral entities with a common goal of bettering Human civilization
Based Vsauce
The teacher: The test isn't that confusing The test: 10:11
Lottocracy is a very interesting idea but wouldn’t the power just shift to the experts who present the information? Sure the experts wouldn’t have the final say, but they would definitely be able to sway the uninformed.
This is the most misleading subjective video...the facts mean everything...there are clear right and wrong answers based on true facts...instead of group reasoning with misleading ideas...when one had the answer but the group is off in left field as they reason over inferior information, it creates a larger problem...and cognitive dissonance is now added which ruins the ability to reason...the group is more prone to the cognitive dissonance as they believe they are right because more of them reasoned the same...but one thing everyone forgets... The facts are the facts and you can’t reason against the truth...it’s just manipulation...this is how the fake news media has brainwashed so many people...I can’t believe so many people sub to this garbage. Lol
Post more I need more v sauces!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I called my friend late night; waking him from sleep to ask him of a movie's name of whose (a little) scene I remembered; He said American Gangster.
1:55 I knew that   "or is it?"   was about to hit
For anyone wondering, Vsauce music starts at 5:47
Sir... Plz deliver your curiosity boxes world wide sir.. I live in India... I would love to buy your merchandise..
Micheal Stevens for President 2024
This has to be Michael's most real video. We need this today too.
This is awesome: good mind food
OK Im quitting
You know it’s a good day when Vsauce drops a new video
Subjective reasoning and morality
You know you are on a new level of youtube when you partner with bill gates for a video...
ALL human behavior is driven by ONE factor - VALUES!
I've missed you
Finally, another video
who picks the "random people"?
This is a great video, but I can't really explain why
Since Vsauce has grown older if you forward the video by 1.25× he will sound like his old self so now you are going try this theory to either see if im correct or to prove me wrong. Hearing him at 1.25× will sound the same if not like an older version of Vsauce well actually he is speaking faster but since your head instinctively scans the voice interval of Vsauce's voice
Vsauce is literally shower thoughts  if they were a person 🚿
The problem with discussion of bias is that it's always a problem of the other guy and allows us to tsk tsk at them and feel like we can dismiss the disagreement. Awareness of bias should force us to turn that spotlight on ourselves.
''' Technosapien''  👌🏽
I feel like there's a gaping hole in this video where the stuff about corporations derailing our ability to reason should be. There will be no way out of the hole we're in without dismantling capitalism first.
How unfortunate it is that you make this video
Propaganda masquerading as entertainment
Vos sos grande!
Wait what? but there is more than 3 people who exist.
New music who dis
It’s like how the more you flip a coin, the more the “50-50” chance will become more accurate. Also, very strong points at the end, Michael. Great job!
Another great video Michael
When you realize that the ego as we know it doesn't exist and that we are more collective than individual, this reasoning thing starts to make sense.
i was lying down in my seat and by the end i had been pacing for quite a while
I'm actually bored of Vsauce. Videos just get worse and worse.
Damn
OOO new vid, gonna save this for just after midnight. Best time for Vsauce induced existentialism
a Demarchy sounds nice, but judging the fact that most of us don't even want to go to jury duty, I don't think it's a good idea to bring a random person into the powers of a national government -- especially if they're the kind of people that often sticks to one opinion without ever changing it. It's like the current world governments we have; they sound good on paper, but shows rusts and flaws when executed.  In my opinion, I don't want to live a life where I suddenly go from a chaotic job at a fast food joint to a leader of the National Government. In my eyes, it feels a lot like forced employment to a job you don't really want. Not to mention that corporates can still shove their 50ft cheeks in-between the leader, especially if said leader has high anxiety issues. Loopholes will never leave the systems of governments, and these guys know it.
I wondered why I was getting a free video again.....then politics. There is NO ESCAPE! Omg. I can’t imagine coming up with this as a vid idea. Ooh I know what the world needs...political video. Man what a disappointment. Even though I agree. Gross.
You know those moments when you're eating something semi-crunchy and then you can feel your jaw muscles moving your jaw?  Yeah, that's what Vsauce feels like
15:01
I need to get an awesome-ometer
So basically, this is why Twitter is bad. It’s a hivemind
Cool.  Speaking of Bill Gates - the guy who has stolen billions of dollars by building a near monopoly and ruining personal computers for everyone - he opposes waiving intellectual property rights on vaccines for the developing world while India spirals out of control. He only cares about the things that affect his bottom line.
This video blew my mind lol The whole world needs to see this
I wondered what was up with the dislike ratio until he started talking about his sponsor. YouTubers stop doing collabs with social / economic parasite "let's not give life saving vaccines to the global south" Bill Gates challenge 2021
Humans don't seek mere survival though. We have ambitions and desires. Egos and loyalties. Survival is never enough. We always want more. The Human Condition is much more complex than just pure evolution.
I've been waiting, and as always, I was not disappointed.
21:00 Michael explaining why Dogecoin is going to the Moon. 🐕🚀🚀🚀
aallright now that we have a decent plan for reformed government we can start planning the first strikes    (kidding)
I kind of lost the point of this video in the middle.
always waiting for "or is it"
Is it me or is the thumbnail changing and being reflective across the Y axis?
11:43 I once made an "awesome-ometer" prop for a video I shot for a company I used to work for.
decnkrf cknr gvns b
In Chile, we are going to vote for the new Constitution writers (because the old one was made by a genocide), some of the candidates are "normal people", some are polititians actually on charge or retired and even there are public figures like actors and entertainers
So good to have you back Michael! Thank you for sharing.
his voice is so soothing 😤
Simply amazing! Thanks for such a great video Michael.
This world finally makes sense. We use reason to form bonds and community, not to make sense of the truth.
Vsauce please reas the holy Quran, the most interesting, complete , perfekt and flawless book to ever exist
So, the "future of reasoning" depends on good faith arguments, yet our current dilemmas are coming from actors in bad faith seeking to keep the status quo for their personal benefit and at the expense of everyone.. actors who don't care about proving to others that they are right, but that everyone else is just as wrong or actively trying to deceive them.
I believe bicycles are a solution. More people communicating with each other in person will expose individuals to new ideas and increase communication in communities. More vibrant communities will reason to self-regulate decisions that impact the world and help preserve the local community
This needs to be required watching for everyone in Congress and the Senate
Finally.
So necessary
For making a binary decision his idea of chosing random people is actually good. But how would that work for more complex and complicated problems?
Oh god, saw the descp. "partnership with Bill Gates", disgusting.
❤️
Or maybe, just maybe, we as humans dont understand the world enough, and cant, to draw world changing conclusions from unproven hypothesis.     30 years ago, the world had 10 years left 40 years ago, the world was almost dead. 20 years ago, major world cities would be underwater in 10 years.
Reason is something America is severely lacking right now lol.
@5:05 "great filter may exist that few civilizations managed to get past" There is no evidence that any civilization has bypassed this filter. We don't see any of them. More probably no civilization did ever pass it.
I am completely lost.
you said partnered with bill gates??? nah im good 🚶🏽‍♂️
well it's 19500 comments already, I know perhaps no one will read this,  26:17 and that Lottocracy idea where you paid random people for their time to think about stuff and comes to a conclusion  has money involved in there, yes you tried so hard to separate reasoning from reality, but then you realize, you can't, that's why lottocracy fails....humans are not just logical being, and ironically most of them revolve around arrogance, greed, and very limited knowledge about something, to decide what best for themselves ...
Dr. Strange in the avengers is an example that disproofs crowd wisdom. Everyone thought he was wrong but by seeing every possibility he made the right choice eventhough we all thought it was wrong. So in the end the choice of one individual that has calculated all the outcomes can be better than the crowd decision that seeks imediate compensation. In other words, to win the war you have to lose some battles.
gonna buy an awesomeometer now brb
Damn it, that puzzle with Mary really got me.
This video should be an eyeopener for people who idolise the concept of concentration of power with a few people...and for those who ignore the needs of our precious environment. Spread the message make a difference!
Ahh, pure 30 minutes of goodness
I love this beautiful man and his beautiful mind.
my brain is carbonated now
thank you
Like The Pixies once said 0:01
The title of this video sounds like a book by Nietzsche tbh
You failed. I've watched your content enough to know that you know enough to not make so many leaps in logic. I rebuke you on the unfounded extrapolation of many concepts to similar but distinctly different concepts. 1. That humans use reason, and humans can come to false conclusions, does not prove that reason results in false concepts. Such a statement would only be true if humans only used reason, and did so perfectly. You disproved this notion yourself later when you mentioned how the mind can be tricked by something as basic as a slight of hand magic trick. 2. Two people, operating with perfect logic, given identical information, without an inerrant bias, must come to the same conclusion or violate basic logic at some point. Such is the inherent concept governing what is and is not logical. 3. Should some group of entities generate a random collection of outputs with a correlation about a final value, the standard distribution of the data will approach a known function (the aptly named standard distribution). Of this function, the mean (average), and mode (most common result), are highly correlated. This implies that the most common answers are usually very close to, or the exact average you claimed to be better than any one answer. I will note, in addition, that the average is rarely a distinct value, more often a fraction, and in such cases cannot be exactly the same as a distinct value. Therefore, it is exceptionally more likely that many individuals will guess the exact answer, but the exact answer is only likely to be close to the actual value.  I could point to more. From the governmental structure or a republic having superceded that of democracy to the concepts you provided on herd and group mentality.  I'm honestly disappointed. What biased you?
Real Ellsworth Toohey kind of thoughts
Well, it looks like Michael's on the payroll. Let's see, what is this social conditioning campaign about? Hmm... Post-humanism ✓ Extraterrestrial life, of course ✓ Anti-anonymity ✓ Government collapse ✓ Anti-intellectualism, oddly enough ✓ Post-factual society ✓ and, just to be safe, we'll throw in Anti-white rhetoric ✓
I feel like Michael lost his mind years ago and we're just watching an insane person do weird af videos but we think it's normal. lol
*me accepting the idea that we should question new ideas without questioning it*   but no fr the lottocracy actually makes a lot of sense! It is kind of ridiculous how it seems that politicians nowadays (talking about the U.S. here) tend to vote with their party on ideas regardless of the actual content or merit of whats at hand and can ignore expert opinions and common knowledge
This is the best kind of sauce
Haven't seen this channel pop up in my feed since he sold out to that... I forget what network. I think the one where they believe Ancient Aliens are real. XD Just why...
Bro whenever that ominous keyboard chord hits I know shits about to get real ahahah
3.2k dislikes for mentioning that this video was made with Bill Gates.
Peanut butter pancakes
An Extinction event
I almost had a fall when I saw the notification from YouTube that Vsauce had a new video. I’m very excited about this video and thanks for the Vsauce.
BACK AT IT
Y’all started COVID in China through us taxpayer funded labs there.
The world only makes sense if you force it to.  - Batman
wow just wow
He always makes bangers
God this is so depressing.
Dude just reshaped political structures in a video Daaamn
just awesome thank you
How come youre not at Oxford?
go nuclear!
What was, will be. What will be, was.
"In partnership with Bill Gates"  "Whether or not they can extend their empathy"  *Gates refuses to share vaccine IPs with poor countries  looooooool. wtf.
Yo this is wrinkling my brain
Bill Gates? Really? Yikes, dude...
If I were to make a list of the greatest YouTubers of all time. Vsauce would be #1. And I've known/loved many amazing channels.
Does this video seem like pointless to anyone else?
This is my favorite YouTube channel (watching since 2010). I find it trustworthy, I hang on every word, and, though it may sound cheesy, I feel like this work interfaces with my soul. I don't know what a soul really is, but I don't know many ways to describe how deeply this stuff hits. I remember especially being blown away by the Zipf's Law video back in 2015, and I still gush about it to my friends sometimes. Michael, you are someone I look up to, and I hope to meet you one day.
Still it's not like best reasons always win. It's a long time of trials and errors for a good reason and conclusion to emerge from one of many upon many debades. The great filter will judge whether the efficiency of this process is sufficient to keep us going.
michael has figured out how to beat the algorithm
Yeah, imagine taking decisions by Twitter polls...wait what?
Never have i watched a video ever that spit more straight facts than this; fantastic job vsauce.
I feel like vsauce is related to one of the Greek philosophers
me: oh, a new vsauce video *clicks* michael: WHERE IS YOUR MIND!!??? me: ...okay sorry
Can't believe you sold out to The great reset Bill Gates
Vsauce dropping a new video is like an international holiday for internet surfers.
I love you man!
Vsauce: The organ we use to reason took millions of years to evolve.  God: LOL
Hee hee
Love it... it is the burning question of our current time.. now to put it in practice
Imagine all the brainwashing the media would attempt if anyone could get elected.  I am not american but I hear that it's common for a lot of people to only watch news from their own state. Not often international news, or even national news. That means their state news have extreme power of what people think, and the confirmation bias is THRIVING. That is so scary to me.   For a system like this to work I think we'd all need to be more open to more opinions, and for that to happen the media would have to be more strict about what goes out unchecked to the people..
Michael Stevens DESTROYS facts and logic with facts and logic
There are many upsides to this idea but I can't help but think of an old maxim that states the collective intelligence of any group is inversely proportional to the size of that group.
If what vsauce says about the future humans who can recreate us quantumly or whatever, he literally just saved us from mortality. Thanks Michael.
f this. u had me till u mentioned scum gates
He doesn't grow up, we do
Wow now my brain hates, agrees, and disagrees with itself all at the same time.
Grandma!!!your favorite youtuber finally updated!
This video is just. 11/10. Great work micheal.
5:22 and that's where I clicked off.
can the 3400 ppl who disliked this video gives me  a REASON why?
Oh!.... OOOHHHHH! PS: 5:48 Uff! (I felt that)
Great :) Thank you!
This video is honestly so much more relevant to the issues we are facing as a society right now than most people think.
Why is it that birds fly...
Yoooooo after 3 months you are back :D happy to see you
"We use conclusions to come to reasons," is the most perfect explanation of human interaction I've ever heard.
An awesome-ometer.
I don’t understand not 1 word he said in this video
Someday we will be the ancients, what a scary thought
He’s back after like a million years
Wow. The social theory of reason makes sense and explains theism.
11:33 He's😳 Not😳 An😳 Elephant😳
Each person is like a neuron,one day all the neurons will link together thru much faster communication and man kind will be like one whole brain
I was gonna play YouTube and go to sleep but nope, this is the one of the off times VSause uploads a video so now I’ll be up for an hour after thinking about it
How the mighty have fallen. What a terrible propaganda piece.
or is it?
Came in to get information  Left with an existential crisis   As always
This is my favorite video on the internet.
11:34 i felt his pain
Good vid. The part about 'collective reasoning' made me think about the flip side to this:  When people group together, the collective IQ can drop to a 'mob mentality'.  If I had 100 people take a history test and averaged the answers, they'd certainly be less accurate than having one historian take the test. There's often a blurry line between mob rule and democracy, but its something interesting to think about.
yes king collab with the very man who contributes to the exact worldly bullshit youre denouncing
24:48 and what happens when a crowd of ignorant people, unwilling or unable to learn properly or listen, shut down the person who spent their life learning about this issue? Should the ignorant majority overrule the qualified minority?
aaaaaaaahahahahahahhaahahaa.... thinking we would actually take back power from our corrupt corporate and political overlords whose greed knows no bounds and will destroy our world before ever relinquishing control. We put that boulder on the hill and pushed it, no chance of being able to get in front of it and do something about it now.
"Where is my mind?"   It's way out in the water see it swimming.
I like the premise, democratized and decentralized reasoning. But there's no mention of how to achieve this at a global scale. My best bet is knowledge representation encoded in an implementation of category theory with an intuitive interface. But at this point a less than ideal platform for collective reasoning would be better than nothing. It needs to be widely intuitive.
OK great. Just like the book titled "The Lottery". 🙄
Awesome video, I'm all for the lottocracy but which politician would ever vote for it?
1:57
Michael for president! Bring me back to life in 80years
I never understand the actual concepts of his videos even though I watch them lol.
He had ayahuasca and now he sees more 😭😂
Reason is a tool.
20:15 that assumes that we are both competent researchers.  Edit: the part after it also assumes that everyone in the crowd is competent.
Video started like my first college essay for philosophy
I love this background music Michael, good taste!
Wow, its been like 9 years since we had an actual, proper vsauce video.
A masterpiece of reasoning.
1 day up, already lost his ad-revenue 😂
I completely lost the train of thought at the last third of the video
I think plastic is an even more serious hyperobject right now....
Our universe's (#7)  Dr. Manhattan.
Hello people in 5 years
I hate to break the obvious but as the universe expands so will the structure of atoms thus making everything we do pointless. We had a good run. My suggestion expand to another planet.
16:47 is this basically saying that we evolved to bluff?
11:34      OR AM I
Your most comprehensive one... yet!
Jump to 18:32 for the COUPON!
Internet can already be a good tool for individual reasoning. It's better than some randomly selected few. Everyone who participates must have his/her necessary information displayed to solve the accountability issue.
Same camera from 8years ago I see brother 🥸
Aight. YouTube is now my school and VSauce is the favorite teacher.
@HowToBasic
Somebody send this to the US Congress.😑
3:51, “How do you rethink... everything” watching any of your videos that’s how
Read thinking: fast and slow
Most of the time I don't even know what he's saying. I watch his content because it makes me feel smart lol
I miss hydrogen
Hey guys he remebered the password to the account
Yeah.... You lost me at bill gates.  I want the old vsauce back.
Please don’t stop these again
the reason Michael hasn't posted in a while is because he had to grow his beard.
This gives me a little hope
Asked if we could instead of if we should.
It's way out in the water. See it swimming.
try lottoing yourself out of the charisma mechanism lol
Bill Gates "How to avoid a climate disaster" haha OMFG the nerve of Bill gates as he pushes GMO crops and Glyphosate into our food supply and to third world food farming in India. These chemicals are having serious affect on all of us. When pesticides like round up became popularised in 1990's we saw dramatic up tick year on year in autism and cancer and countless more illnesses. This stuff is weakening our immune system and damaging our natural microbacteria. Bill Gates only cares about one thing and it ain't making the world into a wonderful Utopia. Bill Gates wants your money, never trust these phoney philothpists.
14:15 of course not everyone can detect the feelings and emotions of others so this is not a universal thing
Careful about "they're using reason the way it evolved to function", dude. That's not something you can just say uncontested.
Ah yes, vsauce, the only channel smarter than kurgezutegnegstargetsngentsgrbirdgrearnegnstz
It's way out, in the water
Learn from school: ❌ Learn from Michael: ✅
Only scary thing is when reasoning is used more so as a weapon rather than a tool for innovation.  Kind of hard to distinguish good reasoning nowadays with the amount of misinformation floating around, seems that reasoning can be used to get us closer to objective truths or push us even further away from it.
the soundtrack never gets old
Ah yes, my annual brain workout session
generally great video.  ...but also, reasoned by his capitalist track record; fuck bill gates.
I have been saying for years that we should abolish elections and just pick a person at random, like a draft. Glad to see there's some science that backs up this random, crazy thought I had...
Personally I think our impact as a niche species on Earth is more advanced than our social biology. I kind of like to assume that Humans are constructively, Synchronized Pendulums on a table that in the grand scheme of things will try to match together, (jumping ahead here) to MAYBE ensure that we don't go extinct.  I know I sound crazy but right now I feel so confident
Aren’t 100 corporations responsible for 70% of carbon emissions?
Thanks for fucking my mind once again 👍🤠👍
GOOD VIDEO
Is it just me or has his his intros and outros gotten better and better over the years lol
Hell of a video title bro...
This video feels like a warning.
He mentions Bill Gates and I just know the comment section will be horrible
Vsauce and JonTron uploading?
Half of people can't tell that their answers to a political survey have been reversed as part of an experiment? Put me on a rocket to Mars, thanks.
Lootocracy is such a brilliant idea! Well, I have some reservations about it being completely random (the negative effects are evident) but if individuals are chosen from a pool that has certain characteristics (e.g. a minimal level of literacy,  on the matter to be discussed, a certain educational level, etc.) the results could be very interesting.
We will someday be the ancients, holy shit true. I think about how crazy it is now seeing YouTube videos 15 years old, like this medium isn’t going away it’s worldwide.
full disclosure I answered yes to paul mary peter, but I didn't even consider the first half. I was just like "so mary's looking at peter and peter's unmarried, so it must be true" forgetting that it never specifies if she's married. the thought nary entered my head.
G1000 deliberated democracy
I freaking love this man. Amazing video!
IMO the most important vid he's ever made.
Classic Vsauce
Hey Vsauce, let's talk atoms.   Atom:uncuttable. A theory designed by democritus to understand the smallest thing in the universe. Well we took the name atom and stamped it on various things, and yet we later discovered that those things can be split.  So if something is unsplitable, how was it split? I understand the process, but if it was split then was it really an atom to begin with? The atom was supposed to be the smallest thing in the universe, yet we discovered the quarks, higgs boson and electrons, which are all smaller.  2 criteria that the "atom" doesn't meet.  My friends argue that definitions change, but if we change definitions to fit what we think is right now, rather than accepting we were wrong before and need to change our ways of seeing things, then what's the point in definitions to begin with?   My point is that we were wrong to use the name atom for what we call atoms now, as they do not meet the requirements to BE atoms.   Uncuttable (unsplitable). X Smallest thing in the universe. X  If something is named after a theory and is then proven NOT to meet the criteria of what it is named after, it should be re-evaluated...  So are atoms really real? What if quarks or electrons are actually atoms? Or what if there's something even smaller? Are atoms the strings or quantum loops in their respective theories? Will we ever know?   Just a side note. Every scientist I've ever asked this to, gets annoyed when can counter them, or they don't see the point in the question. They haven't given me a satisfying answer because they get annoyed by the fact I'm questioning something they "know."  The bigger picture here is if it's not actually an atom then what is it? Do real atoms actually exist, or was democritus just wrong and there is always something smaller? If an atom is the smallest thing in the universe then what is it made from?how was it made? How did it come into being? Can we create them? Use them? Is there a way to See them? Is there anything smaller than the smallest thing to ever exist?  If you don't change how we see things, we don't see questions we can work towards answering. If we don't look for questions, then what's the point?  Could you, as actual scientists and reasonable and intelligent people try to answer the question? I know how they split the "atom", but was it really an atom to begin with? Or just wrongly named because of our lack of the knowledge that it could be split and there were smaller things out there?  Also I know I'm going to get flak for asking this. But I have a question that's gone unanswered for a long time, and that's the point in learning and science.   If anyone reading this doesn't like this question then don't respond. I have a question, so I asked. I put this pre-emptivly because I've asked this on another science channel in the past and I got a bunch of hate for it. Either be constructive or leave the post alone.
V for president.
Bill Gates is EVIL and man-made climate change DOES NOT EXIST. We are, in fact, entering a period known as a grand solar minimum. It's about to get colder. Much colder. Colder to the point that crop yields will be massively affected, which will directly affect the food supply.
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Franchise_%28short_story%29?wprov=sfla1
Excellent video... I love these discussions... How do we bring your random person on issues idea to the real world?  PS. I love the always sunny in philadelphia meme 🤣🤣🤣
As soon as he started talking about emissions I KNEW this was sponsored by some shady  organization... at least he admitted Bill Gates paid him. Good were the days when Vsauce was independent.
Michael for president 👍🏻
Every day vsauce uploads is a good day
Vsauce just hits different
This dude is just saying words
I like the fact that even though the premise of this video is 'learning reason'. It beautifully coexists with the idea of environment conservation and maybe the most apt reason to do it.
Oh no. He sold out to bill gates.
Thank you Jesus god is good all the time he is worthy to be praise God bless everyone who is seeing this and just know that you are blessed
Hey, I actually do look at the eyebrows, listen for specific sound queues from their voice, read their shoulder position, etc. to determine the apparent mood of a person. It is much easier if I have known you for longer. But, Michael, some of us are just really bad at intuition and have to memorize the signs.  Which, btw, al'y'all should probably start doing, because your (and humanity's) intuitions are terrible. Very few beings, that I have interacted with, will be intentionally body acting to deceive another being.
Lottocracy for the people!
The movie "Children of Men" come to mind.
Just so you know, people with Autism might have a hard to hearing you. The “background” music is constantly changing, and also playing at different volume levels. It’s incredibly distracting, and makes it hard to retain the information being spoken.
"I am not an Elephant..."   ...OR AM I?
3:58: Ai?
Vsauce for president
I find it highly surprising that Vsauce doesn't believe that aliens aren't abundant. i understand we don't have any evidence of that as of yet but we've barely explored as the saying goes its like taking a glass of water from the ocean and accepting a whale to appear, blah blah. Am not accepting that Vsauce doesn't believe that many aliens have gone through the great filter, the stats are just way too high, even in our galaxy alone. And we have our neighbour Andromy. And sixtillion other galaxies. I get it, Vsauce doesn't want to be sounding woo and lose subs but "come on, man"; in the words of Joe Biden.
The world's hero has returned
I find it hilarious how the "anarchosyndicalist commune" described by 'Dennis' in "Monty Python and the Holy Grail" pretty well fits Michael's ideal form of government.
Goat
Brought to you by Bill Gates... pass
Stop doing everything else and just make Vsauce #BeingSelfish
Holy sh*t, Vsauce, this was the most mind blowing video I’ve ever encountered.  I don’t think I’ll ever look at those who disagree with me quite the same way again.
Favorite channel ever forever
Based and lottopilled
classic intro
this has me thinking: what if we all were part of different groups (10 people about) and we would each come together to make 1 decision/vote for our government, and all of the votes within these groups were taken into account and acted upon? would it be different from if everyone decided individually?
My awesome-o-meter has broken the moment this video was released.
I'm saddened to use my intuition to conclude many people will stop watching this video after seeing the Bill Gates mention, due to invalid reasoning, and miss out on useful information that can help them learn how to reason.
Damn this was impactful. Thanks Vsauce.
I feel special because he mentioned “vulcanizing rubber” which is what I do for a living, and is a niche thing in my specific field (making escalator handrails.)
Yeah I’m sure history will look back on us as cooperative 😂
How do you spell alegarqui
His videos somehow keep getting better and better after this many years
Straight Facts !!
"Maybe if we do a good job we can be quantumly recreated" So like heaven? and good people getting to live forever in a nice place?
lololol Biden takes office and everyone starts pushing climate stuff.
I feel like the beggining of this video explained well why a lottocracy is a terrible, terrible idea. Humans are bad at reasoning and easily manipulated. Having a constituion. An ethical frame work on which to defualt back to everytime things get out of hand IS i think the best idea man kind has came up with. A lottocracy just siunds like Anarchy by way of the Joker.
This nigga spitting 💯✊🏾
has it been a year already?!
More bill gates 👎👎👎
Why do we tend to seperate our pollution from nature when it is actually natural? Natural but yes dangerous.
Evolution isn’t real
This is so good
Michael can you run for president please
What if vsauce is an alien with a camera and she's quizzing Micheal here on everything the aliens taught him.
Would it really be that hard to add philosophy in kindergarten, everyone already knows children constantly ask questions non-stop, in fact I say it would help a lot of parents be less stressed since their kid could try to find ways to come to a conclusion, which is real learning not modern school seeing how much information they can fill in your head and eventually end up forgetting what they spent so much money on trying to teach you. I think that modern school also doesn't really produce passion for a career instead just what will get you the most money based on you academic level. I'm targeting schools because this is where we should be building are reasoning and intuitions, but they so often fail to actually grow are thoughts instead they only build memory to cause a society of workers who follow instructions and don't ask questions. Giving government the option to fill your head with propaganda very early in your life (American with the land of the free, but because this video I learned we don't even live in a democracy, wich we can see in are electoral college), but even if it's not lies such as even are form of government, the united state civil war in history booked are whitewashed, and when a whole nation never actually confronts what they did and pretend it wasn't even that bad some even truly think that it wasn't that big a deal because they didn't learn about it in history, causes a continuing cycle of racism that still is strong in 2021, if we can't realized we messed up and actually discuss and learn from what we did we will stay ethnically wrong causing a lot of enemies, and you know it's bad when a lot of, if not most of your enemies are your own citizens. This became a hole tangent sorry, the moral of their is that weed takes you places mentally.
The reason for confirmation bias existing sounds a LOT like lawyers- each side only researching reasons for one side.
I'm geniunely baffled that I had never considered the idea of a lottocracy before. It seems so obvious and correct now that someone brought it up to me, but I'd never thought it up myself
I love this channel
This is truly fantastic
Ok but let’s ask the real question. When’s the next idubzzz colab
Love it!!!!
13:39 Oh you know Louder With Crowder "Change My Mind" segments? Yeah he does that in almost every change my mind LwC segment. But I bet you won't bring that up in your video Mr Stevens.
"Where is your mind?" That's gonna be another one of those classic memes
Bill Gates isn't a doctor. When they tell you not to listen to Joe Rogan because he isn't a doctor you should also apply those standards to Bill Gates. Vsauce is a corporate shill.
Bill gates.....sheesh...idk if I can support this one Vsauce 😕
This was probably THE best and most important video of this channel for everyone to see. Share it!
God I love me some *virgin sauce.*
I would say that this idea is right more often than it is wrong, but it’s not always right. In fact, when common prejudice comes into play, it can be spectacularly wrong.
i can bet these coments are going to be absolutley awesome!
Next question then, what is the average belief among people? Full population poll on everything! To find the ultimate truuuuuth!  But for real, can you imagine.
Micheal 2k24 - you got my vote🗳☑
There’s a lot of information to unpack and remember. But there are very good reasons to do so.
This guy needs to take more Ayahuasca
Things will have to get pretty grim if they look back at us and think " we could use _their_ cooperative ability!".
You know things are getting real when Moon Men starts playing.
The king returns!
Wait... so how can we ever know if something is 100% true without discussing the topic with hundreds of people from all different walks of life? How can I know for sure vaccines work (to my knowledge they do) without discussing the idea with not just scientists but also joe smoe from across the street who believes they don't work..
I’m glad Michael remembered his YouTube password again.
Responsibilities? billionaires dont care about that lmao
w o w 🤯
New vsauce means this day is blessed.
Vsauce might save the world.... not Elon Musk or Bill Gates!!!
Finally, a new Vsauce video that doesn't give me an existential crisis
You had me until Bill Gates
Hey! Hesauce- Hichael Here
All wild animals should be corraled.
*you're gonna eat a burger with me or I'll rip your heart out of your a**...*
Very enlightening content you have just released, sir!
A lot of similar points and topics as in the book Righteous Mind by Jonathan Haidt. Highly recommend the read If you found the video interesting
The sweet sweet $$ from Bill Gates can be seen in every word he utters in this video... a shame really.  Be ready to see multiple videos in the future spreading this bullshit propaganda...
Wow, how have I not subscribed to V sauce already?! Michael here was one of my first youtube loves💗
I love you
Assuming we all have the same level of competence, which; we don’t. That's why we have institutions, for that matter, with hierarchy and elected people. Now, you voting for a Trump-like man or woman is another story.
9:48 is there a rest stop between now and the point?
Wow I just painted my toilet black
🤯
Juries aren't chosen at random.
I'm not a fan of the fact that you took the sponsor you did
It's always a good day when Vsauce posts
i have a suspicion that the filter is something far worse than that. it might be the realisation that there is no meaning at all.   we as irrational beings cannot even grasp the profound consequence of that insight, so we are largely immune to it's effects.  but the beings that will surpass us, they will fully understand. and then might decide to just end.
I disagree just let Michael be president of the world and we are all good
26:55 this is where Michael goes sicko mode.
Game changing video.
IM ONE MINUTE 30 SECONDS IN AND LITERALLY EVERYTHING IS THINGS I IMAGINE DAILY........
This video should be retitled, "Propaganda of future 'liberalized' reasoning to justify communistic societies and global-warming red herring to deflect from real societal evils"
I got the puzzle right immediately
Has anyone seen him and ant-venom in the same room?
2:25 Michael - quality of life around the world is rising me: living in Ukraine
People who need this video the most will never watch it. Bill Gates scares them away...
I want a lottocracy
19:19 behoove
Michael for President!
Love the video. Curious though,  given it's message, for it to have been in partnership with a very prominent oligarch.
Terrific as always.
HES BACK
Michael here: I don't always make videos but when I do they're on trending
So, we already hate jury duty and you want to do what now?
This video made me feel bad for agreeing
I’ve missed these. Thanks for the mindful workout!
this species is doomed
See the part at the end works until you remember that the collective reasoning of the crowd often leads directly to the oppression of minorities. One of the only reasons people tolerate our current technocratic order is because it, being based on reasoned positions (for the most part), mitigates the harm to minority groups more than purely dictatorial or purely democratic systems.   Like it's bad when those technocrats bulldoze through a First Nation's water supply to build a pipeline but it's less bad than their neighbours deciding to murder them because the "Wisdom of the Crowd" determined that they're devil worshipers because half the group went to church last Sunday
can you make a video about why sometimes we cant feel a fresh cuts pain unless we see it or touch it please?
I'm Reasonable so everyone who does not agree with my does not use logic and reason is a strategy used by the alt right sadly
1:25 that's an awfully long winded way of saying "we live in a society"
Now I'm convinced the human race is god.
Bravo, mister vsauce man
I was gonna make food but I saw Vsauce uploaded, it can wait
Man I’m too high for this
🌈🖖
Please read this carefully ;  Every one of us has sinned against God. We’ve lied, we’ve stolen, we’ve sinned sexually, and we’ve taken His name in vain; which makes us liars, thieves, fornicators and blasphemers ... Yet this is only four of our many transgressions .  The problem is, we can never ‘outweigh’ our sin with good works because God is perfect in Holiness, meaning his standard is beyond our reach. He is also perfect in Justice, meaning, he will bring EVERY sin to light. The punishment for our sin is death, and Hell; a place of Eternal Fire, where there will be weeping and gnashing of teeth .  Fortunately God is also perfect in Love, so 2000 years ago He left his throne in heaven, and came to earth as a man named Jesus Christ. While here, he lived a perfectly righteous life, only to take the punishment that We deserved; Our sinless creator became Our sin, and endured a gruesome death on a cross for our sake .  Right before he died, he said ‘it is finished’ .. meaning, the debt for our sins has been paid in full. And on the third day, he defeated death and rose from the grave. So now, we can go free from the wrath of God’s judgement not by earning it, but rather, as a free gift of grace ..  Except gifts can be either accepted or rejected. So this is what you must do in response ;   Humbly admit to God that you have sinned against him. Then, confess with your mouth that Jesus Christ is Lord, Your savior, and the ruler of your life from this moment forward ( Romans 10:9 ) .   Do these things, and you will be saved .  If you do so sincerely, God will grant you a new heart which no longer finds comfort in sin, but instead desires to read and obey his word. He will also grant you Eternal life in his presence; The greatest pleasure on earth doesn’t even come close to what God is preparing for believers in the afterlife  .   You’ve been informed ; Now the choice is yours. What you do with this information will determine where you will be for ETERNITY.. Meaning, this is the single most critical decision you will EVER make.   Jesus Christ awaits you this very moment. Do not put off surrendering your life to him, because your tomorrow isn’t guaranteed... and as it is written ( Hebrews 9 : 27 )  ;  ‘It is appointed unto man ONCE to die, but after this, THE JUDGMENT’  .
This is the best video of the internet
If anyone wants to hear a good song, look up “Flying Whales”
“How do you rethink everything?” is my daily Sisyphean question; that’s also when I knew this was a Vsauce video.
Boss: why were you late for work? Me: Vsauce uploaded. Boss: carry on.
partnership with bill gates..........
i like how proud he was in 9:06
confirmation bias = settled science.
Keep it up plz
You rethink nothing, we keep going, and we simply delete nature, engineer our own solutions to the things it provides, and live happily without that shit.
i checked this channel  wondering if it was dead the day before this video was uploaded
nice job. excellent powers of description my friend. also thank you for the somehow significant release of a burden upon my mind. how do you ressurrect everyone? may actually get easier to figure out over time but way more grey matter burn out than i was giving it credit for. quantum ressurrection is just pairing good clone or synth bodies with mind uploading and a rediculously powerful quantum level archeology of the 4d shape that was a life and well. loading from the last save. real shame about tesla (the guy not the car) enough energy for people to be able to apply it to splitting matter and antimatter to make as much reality as you need. or money. to paraphrase an ancient meme we have chosen, poorly
i do miss the sabdwich board reasoning
The wisdom of the crowd. So, that's what social networks such as Twitter are supposed to be now, and can be sometimes, other times just a bunch of trolling people but that depends on where you are. EDIT About jobs,  those who worry AI will take all jobs, maybe don't have to worry that much. After all, all this group reasoning deliberation, accompained with gathering of good credibility data (can't reason well from false data isn't it?) could be a new kind of proffession and job! The only problem would be how to measure the results so people can be paid for it, paying just for the time could be a way but could also lead to wasting lots of time. And it should be better than our current politicians who use our beliefs and our feelings and people that have certain characteristics as tools to get votes.
Very cool vsauce
Reminds me of the way a utopia isn't possible and we saw that in the experiment of rats being studied in a utopic habitat.
Eww 🤢
We're all just one big hive mind, although I cannot reason this
Wait vsauce is back
Michael Stevens for President 2024!!
Heavy content.
Vsauce is my favorite channel on YouTube, but this is the most boring Vsauce video ever.  I want to know about reality and the universe, not humans.  Humans are :|
This has to be one of his best videos in both information and quality
Michael, you on some Illuminati shit?
Michael you're still here 😭😭❤️
another amazing video
The internet I feel, has done every bit as much damage as it has done good...
bro I'm high asf and this is amazing
Hmm. I'm now a lottocrat.
Michael tried so hard to word our Climate Change Crisis in a way that no one could possibly disagree with and make the video as a whole uncontroversial; Unfortunately people heard the buzzword “Bill Gates” and he acknowledged that everyone (not just one political group) is exposed to the dangers of confirmation bias, now there’s a bunch of questionable people filling this comment section.
The king is back!
I really reeeaally like the idea of lottocracy. However I can't help but see one major thing that worries me about it. If someone wants an advantage nowadays, they know exactly whom to bribe or manipulate. In a lottocracy, instead of being a handful of people, it'd be the entire population. So, if we are having a problem with fake news right now, that would only get worse. We would see a huge increase in educational content being made. Both good and true as well as bad and manipulative. It would be an information/educational war. I'm not sure how likely this scenario would be nor how to address this, but it sure is a very real possibility, imho.
But us one day being the ancients only means something, if there'll be intelligence to recognize us being a thing once. And so far were on our way to make shure that that'll not be the case.
Wait, you guys don't have awesome-ometers?
Very interesting video Micheal, as always! Thank you for the quality content and the mind-expanding ideas. I'm interested in knowing your opinions on the current blockchain space. A lot of the things you talked about in this video are hot debate topicks around blockchain and cryptocurrencies right now. Futarchy is an especially interesting idea in my opinion, which goes a long way in the same direction as lottocracy. Letting betting markets vote on policies and implementing the winners sounds counterintuitive at first, but as you stated toward the end, we're better at reasoning in groups. Betting markets are actually our best institutions at aggregating information. I would really much like to know your opinions on these matters.
30 minutes? micheal what have you done this time—
Vsauce : where is your mind  Joe Biden : Well let me tell you about corn pop
I had every reason to watch this
05:28 the moment this video got 90% of it's dislikes.
I dont get it you say we are individual and then ask why we dont agree with eachother
It would be cool if we could vote for individual laws and rights and what the country does instead of a giant d@@@@ and a sh!t sandwich
Wow. Just, wow.
The part with the intuition seems to be disconnected with those who are neurodiverse, what people see as common sense wasn't common sense to me and that I had to learn manually on why people get upset or how to tell if someone is sad, or happy, or angry. Since social cues, metadata of handing a large amount of social data to me had to be carefully analyzed so I could come to conclusions that made sense. Even if there is a lot of things that people dont make sense on.
Can't believe Michael would spread misinformation like this. All elephants are objectively awesome
Micheal... you speak the thoughts that I have all my live. Just recently I told someone who was the opinion that nothing matters because after your dead you're dead. But I reasoned that maaaaaybe in the future Humanity becomes so advanced that they can revive people. And maybe they would revive all the humans that had a positive impact in its evolution. I'm sure you will be one of them. But it’s not just that, I also had the feeling that the way we speak isn't efficient enough. I mean that we are bad in conveying necessary information with our language. I have the feeling that it must be somehow possible to combine the logical language from informatics and the mathematics behind it with our language. One thing that I realised is that we don’t convey any information about our feelings and intents when trying to convince something or someone. Anyways…. I’ve been rumbling for too much. I wanted to say thank you for every effort you make to bring us these videos, and I would love to vibe someday with you and talk about everything.  Sincerely, a fan from Germany
So if we stopped all gas output today do you think it would have an effect on anything. Not to mention money in politics and the people who fund scientists are usually government, that's why 65% of Americans don't believe in climate change or don't believe its as disastrous it they say. People are vulnerable to Greed we're only human and if China can fund half the world scientists they can get them to say what they want. Because scientists are only people who suffer Mankind's shortcomings. This could be a whole ordeal just in order to kneecap America's economy. You don't have to coordinate a giant conspiracy to get it done all you have to do is pay off individual people now you have them blackmailed. And governments have been spying and blackmailing people since beginning of government.
So you're saying reason is the meaning of life
I really like this video. The topic and the problems discussed are all the kinds you see floated around the internet all the time, but Micheal is actually  sharing answers about what to do about it.
Michael almighty
Its so weird I was literally talking about how a  lotacracy would be interesting today
This is great! Im impressed how much you have evolved these past years, Michael! You are such a smart man.
banger video as always
Michael 8 years ago: what if everyone jumped at once Michael now: Hierarchical power structures that rely on individuals making decisions for the collective run counter to the way our brains have evolved to tackle collective problems
I kant stop watching ... really I "Kant".          ;)-  thanks for always making me think Michael!
Somehow Michael kept this non political, and that's impressive
No way!
My sister came next to me and asked me if I was in classes. And I was like, no? Well, yes? Because, I mean, I did learn something today.
Vsauce is back😎✌️
Maybe you should have tried some reasoning instead of just ingesting and regurgitating propaganda. Disgusting.
How many here from xQC’s stream lmao
0:05  Que pixies song
This is the same reasoning behind open source code. The contributions of the Crowd result in a far superior final product.
Woah, did he just basically say that a feature of humanos is decentralisation?
Great video
Anyone else realize what all he said IN ONE TAKE?! This channel keeps raising the bar
You'll own nothing and love it
This man makes every video like a Ted Talk
Anothah vsauce video WHOOp whoop
Always a pleasure to listen to what you say. Thanks for the episode!
i had an idea a year ago to lead a nation with Twitch chat
Anyone else realizing a lot of stuff lately?
looking at all the political comments pointing their finger at the other side and missing the point of the video
I’ve never felt closer to enlightenment
AAAAAAAHHHHHH, HES BACK, BOYS!!!!
Michael, Michael. If a group of people are asked to indicate their political beliefs and then when asked to explain them half don't notice that beliefs they rejected have been switched in, does this really say something about "us", as in all of us? Or does it more fairly say something about half of us? Absolutely, we *all* have confirmation bias and post-hoc reasoning, and no one can claim to be perfectly logical, but you can't deny that some of us are a *lot* better than others at overcoming our biases and using reason, and others of us are not simply bad at compensating for their own bias - they are bad at cognition, at identifying and recognizing things at all. The elephant in the room continues to be average human intelligence, which, sadly, is abysmal and may simply be insufficient for the challenges ahead of us. We must intervene to raise the intellectual bar. The lottocracy concept is interesting, though.
If the Internet is anything to go by, the future of reasoning is doomed.
0:05- Billie Eilish
Radical feminists and flat earthers should be part of that reasoning ecosystem??
Isn't the future of reason Artificial Intelligence?
I'm watching this while having existential dreads. let's go
Does this mean reasoning is the advanced process of the theory of mind?
Democrats are ruining this
The brain is a prism that focus' consciousness
A human blockchain, a living breathing biological blockchain of data and information that keep growing in this form and not in a hardwire CPU that needs to be plugged into a power source.
when i heard "i'm partnering with bill gate's team"...wow
One mind.
Q: 18:30 A: Autism
ABC in Manhattan?
Has Micchael done a Vsauce on the great filter? I think it would be interesting to explain it and then go over the question of "are we able to perceive and determine what a great filter is?"
Also i believe he is hinting to global warming.  Which is a fake agenda continued by liberals.
The music in Vsauce episodes is so trippy I love it. Also Im always learning something here. Thank you Vsauce the legend
Idk. But I am not liking the recent episodes of Vsauce. Feel like we lost the tastefulness which we used to get in older episodes.
I waited 5:48 minutes for that sound, ngl.
People are using a longer road to the ancient knowledge...  To be honest it probably won´t make you happy at first when you get the knowledge of how this place works... The keyword to you is empiric  𓆸 to 𓆣  and the signs are everywhere just take your time or you might burn out your flame
This was very interesting to watch because I recently had an idea for some kind website where people could write the opinions about the world and what they want to see happen, then an AI like Watson would read and aggregate them all so we could have an understanding of what people want in general.
more of a morality issue than a reasoning... it's reasonable to assume we should have infrastructure to sustain life, have universal care, etc. etc. for everyone... but morally asking if someone who can exceed others be treated the same as someone who never works in their life? should the person who doesn't work even be kept alive? it's reasonable in a non-moral situation to remove leeches, and help put more resources into helping those that can surpass others, or perform better, etc. however once you start thinking about them as humans... you start to see it's just a morality issue.
Work together better. Hahaha "i hate you because youre white" yea thats working together better
If people don't figure it out together it will come to a point where the governments around the world are forced to decomission every power station on the planet, leaving everyone to survive on their own or create new sustainable communities without fossil fuels and power.  Or the continued use of electricity around the world would kill everything and no one would live to complain about it.
Viva anarcho communism
So all reasoning is flawed because sometimes people use is in defense of their ego. Sounds like you are throwing the baby out with the bath water.
all i know is that i know nothing
Why am I amused and depressed at the same time after watching this?
Awesome-ometer going to be in the next curiosity box? 11:40
The mind is the collective. It's in the hive. And one day, the Zerg will come for you all.
Somewhere in this video's 18905 comments (to date) there is most likely (but not certainly) a reference to Peter, Paul, and Mary. I'm adding one just in case there isn't. I saw what you did there, Michael! But more to the point: "Great minds discuss ideas" as Eleanor Roosevelt famously said. Nowhere is that more true than on Vsauce.
Can anyone give a link to the music from 15:00 to about 17:20? Based on the song list he put in the description, I think the title is "They're Coming," but I couldn't find it just by looking up the title.
The thing about climate disaster in modern times is due to stinking thinking.
Me checking if there’s a new video: holy sh*t     “Grabs a soda”
I want to be the first to invent the awesome - ometer
I hate how every opinion we have is assumed to be politically motivated. Most people are just trying to get by and survive just like I am. Much love to everyone who reads this☺️🙏🏽
So trade logic for groupthink?
Climate change alarmist
wat
Michael is NOT an Elephant!
I was just thinkink about that in theese days. I had anxiety thinking about the sense of life and my conclusion is that until we work TOGHETER with love and we trust our nature and universe, we can be great in the future and maybe...gods.. Thanks Michael i love you courage to talk about this strong arguments and i really hope you going well!
2:53 Mic drop. A perfect sentence. You are the master communicator. Hail.
The question then becomes, if we do believe lottocracy to be a better form of governance, how would we enact the social change necessary to make it real?
First song felt very Steven Universe-y. I dig the sick vibe you got going on, m-dog
As always, an incredible video.
I remember watching a video about this great filter thing and it was so buried in my head I only remembered it after you talked about it, its a very intersting thing to thin about that we can only assume it, but we will never know until it arrives, or it doesnt
Thanks YouTube notifications for showing this to me
The worst Vsauce video ever.
Each V-Sauce video is higher quality than the thesis presentations at my university
wow michael that writing .. wow I felt disturbance in the quorce aka the status quorce
Ahhhhhh I need this right now. Thanks Michael.
Ah yes, the "or is it?", hits everytimes.
The Return of the King
A boy asked a girl in a library: "Do you mind if I sit next to you"? The girl replied with a loud angry voice; "I don't want to spend the night with you !! Everyone in the library started looking at the boy and felt embarrassed. After a few minutes the girl walked calmly to the boy's table and said: I study psychology and I know what the man is thinking, I suppose you felt ashamed, right? The boy answered out loud: $ 300 for one night That's too much! and all the people in the library looked at the girl in shock and the boy whispered in her ear, "I study laws and I know how to make someone guilty ... 🤭    If you like the comment, please "write" on my channel ...  I know I misspelled spelling and grammar 🤗 But YouTube doesn't allow promotion ... It only takes 5 seconds, thanks ❤️🙏🏻 [If you don't want to sub ***** e, that's fine, but don't spread the hate 👍
Ah the return of the king
I thought random election was called Sortition
HEs back!!
15:35 - It's not a bug, it's a feature 😂😂😂😂
How about the scientific method as a form of government?
Vsauce is back 👌👌
welcome back vsauce
Can we appreciate that this has no ads
Oh I've missed this
Blew me away, again.
Needs tools, lazy.  Let the rich bois fix it.  Individuals need tools to use to fix it.  Individuals only have two eyes, two legs, etc (in the general case).  Local action seems to be in front of you.  If you think about it, you are taking carbon out of the air everytime you breath.  Just you happen to be putting more in after the fact.  Is is it really our fault?  It's a problem that exists in the world.   So if all of humanity offloaded all our emissions per breath, we would be off the hook, one tree per person.  So maybe the cars will have to fix their own emissions, just need the ai in them, and they can fix it themselves.     We just happen to be taking responsibility for the coal power planets.  They need to fix it themselves. Literally, offload the computation to the coal planet/cement plant itself.  Maybe the computation is too hard, maybe the coal plants aren't very smart.
If Americans used their common sense they wouldn't throw their reason out the Windows.
Appearing from nonexistence... That was the peak Vsauce intro. (for now)
Im happy i exist along with michael. These cant be worded any more concise or etiquettely.
Hallelujah.
We need to be remembered as the civilization that saved the future of mankind. Not the civilization that fought for the right to bear arms so we could shoot each other. I love the indirect stabs at Trump in this video.
VSAUCCCEEEEE hey
The lottocracy just sounds like tyranny ruled by whoever is running the lottery
Video started great, then kinda went in a weird direction lol
Thank you for enlightening why people are so extremist nowadays, and what is the mechanism behind that. It’s brilliant. I don’t know about the lottocracy... anyone chosen at random would become a celebrity instantaneously. And the human being would try to cheat the system...
You must have stupidly redefined "mind" to start your argument about reason.     My way to deal with climate change is to plant grapes and oranges where there was heap of snow a few decades ago, and shoot the poor from south who come in.
it’s almost like i knew this but didn’t know how to say it
Did YouTube recommend an old vid that says *“uploaded 1 day ago”* or am I seeing things?!!
V salsa
E
Whenever Vsauce uploads new video, I had to get myself comfortable and clear my mind, because I know I don't get this opportunity again for next few months.
TLDR; just trust the goverment (this video is sponsored by Bill Gates)
algorithm booster
You asked how we reach a consensus despite tradition and culture, I say we get there by first getting people to realize the endearing parts of their humanity.
If you're looking for what the same thing I was, it's at 5:45.
This conclusion brought to you by the Gates Foundation...
I am really forced to wonder about the 3k+ downvotes... the anti-intelligence crowd?
I'd like to know the reasoning behind the people who disliked this video
i just said yes because Mary=Maryied tehe
Look Michael,  i love your videos, and i agree that climate change and pollution is a problem. But, when you endorse people like Bill Gates, it's a double standard, because Bill Gates himself flies in private jets, own lines of luxury cars, private yachts, multi-million dollar mansions, and leaves a huge carbon footprint than any other average person, on top of that, he then goes out and buys beach front properties. Bill Gates is not a climate scientist, vaccine scientist, nor any type of scientist. He is a programmer who got rich because mom was on the board of IBM, which allowed him to license Microsoft to IBM PCs, and which made him rich.  I do not support hypocrites like Bill Gates, or these virtue signaling Politicians and Hollywood Celebrities who are preaching for climate change activism, and then flying everywhere in private jets, and buying beachfront properties. If you want to talk about Climate Change, endorse an actual person who has a degree in Climate Science, and does this research for a living. Bill Gates is nothing but a virtue signaling billionaire hypocrite, who wants to tell us how to live, while he himself enjoys dumping millions of tons of carbon into the atmosphere.
Comrade michael 😤🙌
“we will someday be the ancients”  epic
The pretty much 2 times vsauce uploads a long video and I’m actually kind of early
Are you...defending cancel culture?  i might be wrong but at some point you mentioned how people who "enact reason" should be held accountable by as many different perspectives as possible.  Well, like you mentioned earlier with the jellybeans, how so many perspectives end up combining into a medium average because some people have low extremes and some high extreme guesses. What happens when the combined average is...wrong? completely off? The jellybean thing assumes it's semi-anonymous, but in twitter for example, people can see the comments, see the "guesses" made by people and then their guess is modified by the fear of being wrong?  like with black lives matter. You can go onto that platform, find a tweet of someone saying something like "Floyd wouldn't have died if he hadn't taken meth and fentanyl" which is technically true, but the groupthink that has been plastered into peoples brains immediately starts to snowball, and "holds accountable" someone who enacted reason.
One of the golden rules of conversation that I (try to) adhere to is that nothing is ever irrational to anyone if they are - in good faith - arguing for it. Therefore if it appears to me that their beliefs are irrational, I know that I must first inhabit their epistemic experience as wholly and honestly as possible if I want to have any hope of even beginning to compellingly convey to them why I take MY beliefs to be rational. Without that we’re all and always just talking past each other.
I don't believe in man-made global warming etc, but the "lottocracy" idea(which I knew by the name sortition) is all I want for the world right now!
Oh boy, who’s ready to have an existential crisis.
Lootboxes instead of governments sounds fun.
"buying something with more functions". Is that how people that buy useless. inefficient, SUV's justify their purchase to themselves knowing full well a regular sedan would have been enough?
Am i vsauce...?
I stopped at Bill Gates
Or is it?
NO way, our Vsauce is BACK? WOWOWOWOW
Ah yes the non Minecraft wifies
Holy shit... what a sellout... how much did Gates pay you to do a whole 30min propaganda vid?
Simply amazing! Thank you Michael, you are an inspiration!
Imagine a time where this video would be 2 hours long 🤯
The solution to the failures of reason is to just look as smart as possible. VSauce for President.
30 minutes of garbage. Does people actually think they heard something enlightening when they watched this?
why people of science think that there is no god and we evolve from monkey
Hi Vsauce here,  How fast can you run?
So we're not designed to care about global warming? Then why I do live in constant fear for both us and future people?
Ah yes sum more vsauce.
Holy tacos, I think he's on to something here.
While I absolutely prefer the older more creative videos over the longer, more standard videos now, this is definitely one of the most important discussion he has had on this channel.
Who else wants more mindfield??
Michael was having fun with jump cuts on this one
But that background music though
Hey Michael, Vsauce here
Anarchist coded vsauce today, lovin it
You partner with "Dr." Bill Gates? It's been fun V Sauce ✌
brain stuff. dope.
Vsauce for president 2024
14:38 is true for most, but autistic people are definitely an outlier a lot of the time, that and people with neurodivergence in general to an extent
Woah it's the guy from Mario Farts! Edit: Also was that one take like mah god
A lottocracy seems like a bad idea, at least by how you've described it.  If we are to take a random person, educate them in the relevant subject by an expert, and then have them deliberate with other like individuals to come to a conclusion on the basis that they will be unbiased from financial and political motivations, they will simply be biased by the financial and political motivations of the expert that informed them. The lobbying of political positions would just be moved from the actual expert to somebody who everyone hopes has a reasonable understanding of the concept.  Also, as a critique from the beginning of the video, you implied that it would be beneficial for everyone to act more on empathy than reasoning on the basis that empathy tends to harbor action (wars tend to be fought due to emotions at some level, after all), however that encourages people to justify their actions based purely because "it's what feels right" rather than "it's what is rational", and it should be fairly obvious that encouraging people to act due to emotion rather than hard logic can (and often HAS) resulted in very bad outcomes.  From what I can tell, the best overall point you made was that as much as most people want to act rationally and view things through a lens of logic rather than emotion, our brains just aren't built that way. Like you said, even when somebody tries to do their own research, even if they make sure to input a non-biased search term into Google, they will almost inevitably find themselves reinforcing their own opinion.  While it makes sense to well... make sense, survival biases quick decision making, and mulling over the pros and cons of any given decision is not a quick process.
I agree, but then again, I already did😬🤔🤷🏻‍♂️🤗
30min video that is based on false premise: lack of fundamental contradictions between subjective views. Ideas like this always end up in forcing others violently. Not good.
Vsause owns ben shapiro by debunking facts and logic?
It just started and the intro is THE BEST IF EVER SEEN ON YOUTUBE again
Vsauce is saying that we should celebrate the human hive mind ... bruh
Just a climate change nonsense video
Oh boy, unsubbed
This video is amazing
In the future everyone will be gay and eat bugs
I like how he never mentioned conservatives, but we all know who he's talking about.
Only problem with choosing people randomly is that the average person is very ignorant, and easily manipulated.   If experts were the only ones sharing the information, and it was shared dispassionately,  it might work. But to use the jury example -- lawyers are excellent at manipulating the jury. So if we have people trying to convince for each side, I fear the results might end up being as deeply problematic as our justice system.  I think we need something in between -- with an element led by experts, smart people, etc. But another part of the decision left to randomly selected normal people without an personal (or at least obvious) agenda. Then the average decision might actually end up being consistently good. However, even the normal people part needs to be diversified. A group of 10 or less can be biased due to random chance. Ten groups of ten, whose decisions are then averaged... that might work better.
Michael:You don't look at their posture, eyebrows and think mmh these are all signs they're upset. Sheldon Cooper: Allow me to introduce myself...
I love how this guy is prepared before video starts !!
If only could everyone watch and comprehend this video
finally somebody talks about sortition  I highly recommend the book "Against Elections" by David Van Reybrouck, it speaks at length about transforming our political system towards a more radical democracy
vasauce ancap?
28:54 So basically the positive version of Roko's Basilisk?
Where is my Mind? -Pixies
Awesome! Only way to get good things done is to work together.
Hey! vsauce! kropotkin here.
You might think that by social selection, people that through time reasons and emits opinions, might not get to reproduce if they are eliminated
You just spoiled a three month project I have been working on😂
Same birthday as Michael gang!!!!!
But the crowd's decisions suck a lot of the times. Trump was elected because of it.
Yooo this is like what teachers should do
This sure rivals "If" in being your best work yet. Great stuff.
The dance of the molecules drove me to revisit Manwhore Industries
14:25 as an aspie, this is precisely how I process my own and others emotions... Gave me a chuckle ^_^
WHY DID HE JUST MAKE IT AN EVEN 30 MINUTES IDK WHY I CARE BUT I DO!!!
you're a godsend
return of the king
https://youtu.be/HHJhKXPYR7Y
Isn't reasoning about what you seem to be deeming fatal: our behaviour; good old socialism?
Hey Vsauce fans! I wanted to tell you guys that im glad you all also enjoy watching his content. I wish you all a pleasant day.
the rewording of the captions is bothering me soo bad
Take Bill Gates' money from him
lost me at bill gates
jake chudnow's music is so good
Teamed up with Bill gates? Gross. That dude is evil.
Bro the eyebrow lift is golden
even Vsauce bought out by Gates.  Sad.
If the universe can reasoning,  life wouldn't exist.
Vsauce uploaded???????????????
I love the idea of randomly selected assemblies representing the people. It would diminish the pathological two-party system we have in the US. The pessimist in me admits we're clever enough to subvert that too, but its a step in the right direction.
on the alternative forms of government thing, Futarchy is also a pretty cool idea
Hey Mr. Sauce, I'm so happy this is the first v sauce video I've watched in years. went from all the weird questions I would have as a kid to the things we need to be talking about in today's age. Thank you for your service Michael.
love this but damn that elevator music got loud
Vsauce for president!!!!!!!
This is the longest, most sophisticated way anyone's ever taken to say "people just won't always agree".
ABOUT TIME!!!!
"... or, is it?"
Michaels amazing teleporting watch, it comes and goes and comes back again!
i do actually want to see lottocracy in action
boy I sure do hope this video literally saves humanity
Really nice video
Commenting so that this video feeds the algorithm
Vsauce: where you go to think about things you didn't think you needed to think about
FUUUUHHHH VSAUCE I MISSED YOU!
5:43 the moment ya'll were waiting for
We just need a way to link this to blockchain guys and then we all be good.
Vsauce, manipulation here
Michael “ the future of reasoning” me: HE SAID THE TITLE OF THE VIDEO!
I’m glad Vsauce made this video
i shouldn't be watching this while im fried out of my mind, its giving me a crisis lmao, but fuck it, it's interesting enough.
Michael is the best elephant, don't step to Michael
Bullshit.  To bad, I was hoping you were onto something.
another channel complacent with covid lock down anti science propaganda. Unsubscribed.
Alst het  U belieft#;*<]
WHOA
Awesome. And as always, thanks for broadcasting :)
To another point at the concrete usage rising, poured concrete is more popular now than ever but it uses more concrete. Back in the 20th century concrete blocks were more popular and they have holes, which reduces the amount of concrete used.
I think everyone should watch this and have a brilliant headache. Great video as always, every time you get better.
He did a collab vid with bill gates..... best channel on yt right here
Vsauce: *makes a new video* the trending page: ahh shit here we go again
Michael is at least a 9.7 on the awesome-ometer
Jesus died on the cross and resurrected three days later so that we can be made right with God or reconciled back to God, because our sins separated us from God. The wrath and punishment that was supposed to be on us for our sins, was on God(Jesus) in human flesh. Death(Hell) is the punishment of our sins because God is just but we can receive eternal life(Heaven) through Jesus Christ alone. Repent and trust alone in Jesus Christ for he is coming soon to take his people who are saved. Jesus will give you peace and joy if you trust in him. Don’t ignore this message cause this might be ur chance to get right with God and you can die today and u might be heading to Hell, but I want you to go to heaven. If u got any questions lmk
Lost respect for you
Why would people in power deliberately chose to give their deciding power to a diverse randomly picked group of people, unless VSAUCE is suggesting a revolution, hmmmm
Explaining all the problems in the US in 30 minutes.
Wow great stuff. Gave me chills. You're the man.
Vsauce can you do a video about the covid vaccine and how bill gates stepped in to prevent an open source vaccine from being released to less wealthy nations.
Lottocracy is def the move
Look, you can't just leave for years and just come back like nothing happened with a sponsored video. Oh, forget it. See you in 2023
Reasoning about reason. Metareasoning. I like it.
Well the brain is still useful without the mind it allows you to shake, vibrating with motiob
Sorry dude this is probably the only video of yours that I disliked. I don't want stuff like climate change crammed down my throat. It's not like I can do anything about it if it's true. And it's not like America is the major contributor to pollution in the first place. I stopped watching at 3 minutes 55. I mean seriously, if climate change was such a big deal then they would have done something by now instead of making predictions about when the world will end every 20 years
Bill Gates? He strangled the competition to keep his own product at the top. Sad.
Michael only gets smarter
Kind of looks like Michael moved into the old Joe Rogan podcast room.
You should make a video about Creation vs Evolution
another great deep dive from vsauce. makes perfect sense, also explains why some if not most of us feel "lost in the system"
not only is the context of this video super interessting, but what really got me is the sound design! <3
This becomes a bill gates book plug real fast😂🙏
Thumbs up for the awesome-ometer
Thank you, really, for showing that philosophy is essential for us
Michael, this is wonderfully written.
Yes! I have been telling people of the ancient Greek style of democracy and how I believe it is inherently better than the systems of democracy used by the majority of developed countries. You have encapsulated that extremly well. Thank you
The age of reason is long since dead.
Michael is awesome
https://youtu.be/4WlIAlLT3VY
THE MAN THE MYTH THE LEDGEND HAS RETURNED
Beautiful. Can’t wait for the next one. Thank you
The randomly chosen voters is a really cool idea that I hope to see in my lifetime.
Every one of your videos is a singular work of art
Michael, please. Make sure your words match the subtitles. It is a real issue for people with disabilities who need to read to understand better. If they don't match, you double up the problem. Thanks.
phenomenal video, absolutely amazing.
Lottocracy sounds amazing until you realize it probably wouldn't work because the issues we would have to make decisions about are very complex and require specific knowledge and/or dedication to gain that knowledge about them. I think that's why being a member of parliament is a full time job, being able to make informed decisions on things is not easy
Mind blown once again!  And it may or may not even be inside my cranium
I have to say, it's bold what Michael suggests toward the end of the video. A seemingly rational replacement of our system of governance, and one that is not unlike Democracy; an evolution of Democracy, a next step I would think.   For just a moment I imagine what that would be like and it fills me with hope. For the future of human society to be decided by the actual will of the people, and not the bottom line and self-preservation of sociopathic corporations.   The great hope that I feel when I dare imagine a better system to move humanity forward is almost as great as the sobering dread of knowing I will likely never see it accomplished in my lifetime.
We need everybody on earth to watch this video for real. Or at least just Americans for the lottocracy portion because that’s genius
The share button on this video will win you an arguement
Is this a new Vsauce video? My God...
Hey vesause can you talk about meta physics
The god has returned.
And as always, perfect video ;)
11:34 *...or am I?*
My mind is in the water, see it swimming
16:25 This transition made me think something   weird happend when unfocusely looking
legend
REASON WILL PREVAIL
Great video, as always, too bad everyone is going to interpret it through their confirmation bias...
Another barrier to deliberation which seems more pronounced in recent times is that we seem more concerned that everyone is emotionally protected rather than allow a free flowing debate, if you choose not to listen/engage because you are worried it will upset you do you really think those on the opposite side are going to listen to you when you want to speak?
This is genius.
I think the DMT had a unintended longterm effect
Just because people are biased, that doesn't mean they can't be unbiased and more objective when perceiving issues or crafts.
0:05 "Where is yOuR MiNd?  bruh...
Alright I’m 20 minutes in and I haven’t heard the music... where are you hiding it Michael!
vote Michael for president so he can implement this system
Wow... Been a while seeing Michael going really deep on a subject and in the process we learned a lot. 👍👍
To do this video, Michael had to grow beard again after the clean shave. That's a reason too.
every time vsause doesn't tell me to hit the like button, I hit the like button.
Wait...The Earth is round?
Oh so many assumptions being made in this video. Assumptions that could be wrong or right. Screw it! lets just keep making an ass out of u an me and see where it leads us. Hyper inflation, here we come! Revenge of the Nerds via science.
Our purpose (if there is such a thing) is to grow, evolve, expand our minds like the universe expends its margins. What I get from this social theory is that a solution to avoid our tragic and ludicrous death (created by the modern society) is to go back. Are we capable of adapting and redesigning our world  while is not too late? Why does greed, power, money rule our lives and affect so drastically the decisions we make? even aware.
That last part gives you chills to think about.
It's ironic that Bill Gates wrote a book on how to solve climate change because that could be done with, like, 3% of his wealth.
This video is a hyperobject
Time to overthrow the government I guess...
We should collectivize reason into a homogenous crowd??😂 So many presuppositions in this video.  “[A] crowd in its very concept is the untruth, by reason of the fact that it renders the individual completely impenitent and irresponsible, or at least weakens his sense of responsibility by reducing it to a fraction. Observe that there was not one single soldier that dared lay hands upon Caius Marius -- this was an instance of truth. But given merely three or four women with the consciousness or the impression that they were a crowd, and with hope of a sort in the possibility that no one could say definitely who was doing it or who began it -- then they had courage for it. What a falsehood! The falsehood first of all is the notion that the crowd does what in fact only the individual in the crowd does, though it be every individual. For 'crowd' is an abstraction and has no hands: but each individual has ordinarily two hands, and so when an individual lays his two hands upon Caius Marius they are the two hands of the individual, certainly not those of his neighbor, and still less those of the crowd which has no hands...For every individual who flees for refuge into the crowd, and so flees in cowardice from being an individual (who had not the courage to lay his hands upon Caius Marius, nor even to admit that he had it not), such a man contributes his share of cowardliness to the cowardliness which we know as the 'crowd.'” -Kierkegaard
Vsauce videos are the epitome of "Quality over Quantity"
I grew a brain cell
Mannnnn, i watched this videos while i was high. VSAUCE, you're a true legend.
Oh man. This is cool.
This Video was sooo great
Use conclusions to come to reasons? How do you think people get to those conclusions? Let's say you take the reasons out of the equation. If I were to tell someone to guess the end of my story without telling them anything about it, how likely do you think it is that they'll come up with the right answer?
What if someone commented an entire vsauce video script in a vsauce video
is it time already?
Michael, how did you get involved in the DAD channel?
I Love Vsauce
"We will some day be the ancients... and we can choose what that means." Just how much effort do you put into those videos, holy fuck, your writing is so good.
You're wrong in saying that people don't look at posture, tone of voice, and facial expression to tell emotion. Why do you think good writers describe the state of the body after a piece of dialogue? People do pick up on such things, and that is rational.
I'm a mind in a jar filled with rum connected to my computer via an USB!
The brain is meat piloting meat.
Can we just talk about how Vsauce has been using the same text font for 8 years
I am going to unsub as I will not listen to any stupid billionare so get reported on your video too by me.
How about a country/region based on this video/vsauce?
Michael, did you just use reason as a reason to reason why a direct democracy can work well?
Coupon!
Excellent video, thank you for that. The example from mindfield was rather weak though. If put on a spot with a camera present, people will explain to you why the sky is green. As seen in Kimmels lie witness news.
Oh god is he talking about the morphegenetic field in the beginning
Lottocracy? Bruh it's sortition
Does vsauce do podcasts??
Mom: go to bed Me: no Mom: I'll give you a cookie tomorrow Me: *in bed 1 frame later*
Given your blind refusal to condemn Mark Rober’s insistence on financing eugenics and torture I’m going to go ahead and say you have no place talking about reasoning.
24:29 - 24:47...perhaps indeed.
Now whenever I see “Explain your reasoning” on an exam I’m just gonna think of this video which was a total 🤯 experience.    Using conclusions to come to reasons makes a lot of sense now.  Then again Michael has a way of making anything make sense.
REASON WILL PREVAIL!
Thank you for everything you do. I need to go read a million books and talk to a million people now
Technosapiens. Thats nice.
5:48 Awww yeah there we go
Nice
That start scared the heck out of me
This was by far the best video that I have watched at least this month, probably this year and maybe even ever.
I'm watching vsauce videos to get asleep, thanks Michael.
This is, by far, my favorite episode of Vsauce ever! This is but a small glimpse into the human condition and it is fascinating! I think about topics like the ones covered in this episode all of the time and to have something like this come along is proof of confirmation bias and proof that we have much to discuss as a society. I started crying when you brought up the jelly beans because it reminded me of the Vsauce episode involving that same experiment with averages, as I use that all of the time for reasoning purposes. I needed this episode and didn't even know I needed it. Thank you to all of the Vsauce team and talent for bringing this topic to the stage. I absolutely loved this episode.
It feels like Portal music
Wait a second... Did he just secretly deconstruct Gates and the rest of the elite? That's my man !
As soon as you mentioned Bill Gates, I clicked off.
Great video until I heard you partnered with Bill Gates 🙄
JESUS SAVES ✝️
I don’t think your friend wants to go to ABC Burger with you, Michael
This is one of his best videos yet. I hope that far in the future, they realize how much a gem this man is.
BRAINGASMS
“We need to reduce our ‘gases’ to zero. How do we do that.” Well we’d have to kill everyone. Thanks for the insight, pop-philosopher.
By releasing just one or two videos a year made Michaels exclusivity and rank level 9999999
He is back
Lottoracy sounds good to me
25:42 isn't this what jubilee does, People discuss their differences through small groups rather than getting mad at each other online.
Under lotocracy/sortition iconic political figures could still exist as writers and philosophers
VSause had fun with jump-cutting at the start.
Nice!
1) By reflecting away 30% of ISR the albedo, which would not exist w/o the atmosphere/GHGs, makes the earth cooler than it would be without that atmosphere like that reflective panel set behind the windshield. Remove the atmosphere/GHGs and the earth would become much like the Moon and Mercury, a barren rock with a 0.1 albedo, 20% more kJ/h, hot^3 on the lit side, cold^3 on the dark. Nikolov, Kramm (U of AK) and UCLA Diviner mission all tacitly agree.   2) the GHG up/down welling, “trapping”/”back” radiating/delaying/intercepting, 100 % efficient, perpetual warming loop requires "extra" energy which according to RGHE theory comes from   3) the terrestrial surface radiating that "extra" energy as a LWIR ideal black body which  4) cannot happen because of the non-radiative heat transfer processes of the contiguous atmospheric molecules and as demonstrated by experiment, the gold standard of classical science:  https://principia-scientific.org/debunking-the-greenhouse-gas-theory-with-a-boiling-water-pot/  1+2+3+4 = 0 Greenhouse Effect + 0 Greenhouse gas warming + 0 man caused climate change.  Version 2.0 042921
At 1:20 I was thoroughly convinced michael would say "we live in a society". Damn you, internet, for messing up my brain!
That explanation of climate change was actually really cool and accessible
23# on german Trends on YouTube, well played
finally, Micheal is here. I have to watch this many times
What happened at 10:11?
I've been missing you A LOT Michael, and this content shows why.
Thank you Vsauce, you inspire me to further into topics i have never before. i don't try to follow you like a duckling follows a mother but i still try to learn from you, not who to be but the who i can be
I just came from the Subnatica episode of the science on Game Theorists….  The topic overlap is insane.
Bruh I dropped philosophy just for Michael to teach me better
.
The return of the king
i need a short movie about how experiencing death is like going to sleep and waking up millennia into the future
I feel like watching Michael  is like watching Sheldon from Big Bang if he had his own YouTube
It was going so well up until the mention of ace Snake Oil salesman, Bill Gates.
Cool video
https://youtu.be/5Mg-NQbUSK0
I'm using this video on why we shouldn't use reasoning to validate our beliefs to validate my beliefs on reasoning
That intro legitimately scared me.
Honey, wake up. Vsauce posted a new video.
they wont listen michael, they are so blinded by their thirst of power
Its videos like this that prove to me that Michael is just trying to become a demigod of wisdom.
Thanks for making this video. I've been a proponent for lottocracy/demarchy quite a while and much more people must be educated about the concept. It is the only 'reasonable' way forward for our global society.
yo
Beautiful video
I disagree with Michael about once per decade. I guess today is the day.  I can't accept much of this video's premise:  Do we know that stronger storms are worse for humanity even with stronger and cheaper building materials poorer people can get through industrialization? Do we know that a warmer climate is worse for humanity even with longer growing seasons which may result making crops more plentiful and cheaper.  The climate was never going to stay static but we are assuming any change in it is certainly worse for humanity as if the climate directly before the industrial revolution was the intended perfect climate for humanity to thrive. Meanwhile, we ignore the benefits of not only a changing climate, but also the rapid improvement of the lives of humans as a result of the industrialization which may be causing warming. A cost/benefit analysis would be extremely appropriate here, yet it is political blasphemy to even suggest that a changing climate could be helpful for humans, or at least that the wealth creating power of industrialization could very well outweigh the negative effects to the climate, if we are even set on assuming the effects are negative.  Michael is very correct about the complexity of the "solution" but he fails in this (likely because his partner in the video is Bill Gates) to properly address the complexity of determining if this is even a problem in the first place.
"We can make other people extensions of our minds"  Ego the Living Planet would like to know your location.
Pure enlightenment! Thanks Michael for putting words, references and *reasons* to my thoughts.
bruh my brain
Reason Is A Hallowed Faculty... I love that.
Reasoning can be flawed, impressionable and subjective.  Flat-earthers are the living proof of this statement.
Nice Video. why don't make video on hypnosis? Is it real or fake. what is alpha cycle in hypnosis? Are humans more suggestible in alpha cycle brain wave?
So the Borg had it right all along.. Fuk me.
this video is probably inspired by meme events like THE court case. teach people to ask "why?" after every answer, and detect when they are fooling themselves. make an AGI to decide for us, it will agree with ME. create a general concept, then generate exceptions to that concept until no more exceptions can be made, identifying the variables required for each conclusion. 10:04 wrong. existence is to be solved. all possible problems should be solved. 17:16 wrong. there is only 1 truth. 1+1=2.
I thought of the internet (or a similar global communication method) as a Great Filter since I first heard about that theory. It's necessary for space travel and maybe even a growth of a society above a certain point. But globalization also brings lots of downsides with it, like depression of individuals and maybe a growth bigger than what each individual of a civilization can bear.
Comments about content in video: 0% Comments about Vsauce in general: 100%
Based on my awesome-ometer, this video is an elephant.
God bless you for putting the songs in the description.
You partner with a mad man eugenicist fake doctor like Bill Gates? you are dead to me. Unsubbed
The Pixies want to know your location
This is gonna be one of those vsauce videos that gets 20 million views in 7 years
I refute that the statement that all elephants are awesome is subjective
You are the next level of awareness.  if I am not mistaken the Ottoman empire was run by officials chosen at random by the sultan whose trust he had guaranteed by raising and educating them from an early age
i wish it was possible to like the video twice
The reasoning in this video strengthens my belief in democracy. Is that conformation bias? I don't know... But I do hope that my belief isn't that far from the truth.
Sounds like an acid trip
So we shouldn't listen to doctors. Got it.
I suppose wisdom of the crowd is something if you weigh literally EVERYONE'S opinions, but as it sits now, any crowd we draw on is foolish as hell.
I wanna try ABC Burger 🍔
Interesting vid I actually listened to the whole thing. I guess I'm interested in learning things.
Balance is the key word we are looking for...
Alternative title: Redefining the brain as something external to your person.
This is the vsauce video they talk about when most people are dead. There will be three people left alive that know about it and they will think about it all the time.
This is probably the most important video on youtube right now
Thanks, Mike!
Как жаль что я не знаю английский
quality of life is getting better? haha, eat shit michael.
Given the number of impressionable, intelligent and inventive young minds who must be watching this, who must themselves have been grappling in some way or another with these new realities of reason and rationality, this video may well have a larger impact on the far future of humanity than we can even begin to contemplate.
Eu amo minha vida quando tô assistindo vsauce
There could be a elephant that someone named Michael... there can be more than one person using a name hahaha
Not watching anything in association with Bill fucking Gates.
It’s amazing how effectively a message can be relayed using the right choice of words   Personally I believe we all know this in our subconsciousness but we are unable to verbalize it into a conclusive thought  Thank you for this video.
This video makes me feel....hope?I had considered the randomized short lived elections before but never really thought about how important it is to actively yknow , practice this form of reasoning and give people a working example. All i've wanted to do with my life is make art and games but maybe its possible to use them inform people of the options without it being forced on them.
This is one of those videos I think everyone on the planet should see
For 7 years this man doesn't look like he's aged a week.
U cant steal my essence. Liar liar pants on fire 🔥🖖🔥
Petition to change “comic sans” to “Vsauce font”
I've been thinking that the lottocracy idea is a good one as well.
absolutely outstanding
3:50 popping bottles.
The Savior Is Back
i really need a vsauce video on normandy and normies
Amazing
just a comment because I think that more people should be aware of this
Micheal looks like his 2008 fat self now just older
Someday Michael is just going to turn into a sentient cloud of gas that occasionally shares some divine knowledge with us mortals
That ayahuasca changed his life 🤯
Heh heh learning go burrrr
It amazes me with each new video just how far Vsauce has come from those early videos. Much respect, Michael
Getting beter every time! Thanks Michael ;)
Wasn't Ancient Greece ran by people chosen at random? I believe that's how we got politicians after: People got tired of being chosen, or didn't want to, so they paid people to do that job for them. Like imagine, you're doing the job you finally wanted after years of study, then suddenly the country tells you to stop everything and go vote for laws for the next 10 years; most people would just go "fuck that, I'm not doing it".
You just verbalized some thoughts about reasoning that were right on the periphery of my conscious mind, but I couldn't articulate. Thanks for this videos Michael!
5:46 there it is!
I hope one day they will create a technology which allow cars to be as fast as I am clicking on a new Vsauce video
hahahahaha clicked off as soon as it was revealed as a bill gates collab lmfaoooooo all of our “thought leaders” are bought and paid for and your opinions and thoughts are not your own. youre welcome and be free
No evidence except potentially tabby’s star*
What the heck is going on with that brickwork?
I love your mind, Michael. I hope we here watching grow with the very rich content and reflections you're offering.
#8 on trending
gate snot,yes.
Lottocracy is literally the way the whole galaxy operates and decideds its biggest decisions. I know that because i read the hitchhikers guide to the galaxy and you should too.
The scope of this upload is mind blowing. I was satisfied enough listening to you breaking down so many things about the ways reasoning works/ worked. At the same time i was wondering if you re going to come up with a suggestion in relation to the problem(s) related to climate changes, and you did, and it was fascinating! All in all, your videos are a source of inspiration and hope. Thank you.
"Hey vsauce! Michael here" Never gets old
Great. Bill gates bought Vsauce
0:43 looks like Michael is starting an onahole review channel
the 3k people that disliked this video aren't very good at reasoning...
Absolutely fanF'ing tastic. I was talking to someone about this yesterday morning, discussing the problems we face with journalism standards replacing legal ones. I believe this to be a great step in a good direction. Well done.
Well guys, we are all back here coz he still remebers the password somehow...
Future generations are going to look back on our certitude of global warming, and laugh with sadness from their ice age.
What a mind-blowing video, you do humanity a great service!
“For the Lord himself will come down from heaven, with a loud command, with the voice of the archangel and with the trumpet call of God, and the dead in Christ will rise first. After that, we who are still alive and are left will be caught up together with them in the clouds to meet the Lord in the air. And so we will be with the Lord forever. Therefore encourage one another with these words. Now, brothers and sisters, about times and dates we do not need to write to you, for you know very well that the day of the Lord will come like a thief in the night. While people are saying, “Peace and safety,” destruction will come on them suddenly, as labor pains on a pregnant woman, and they will not escape. But you, brothers and sisters, are not in darkness so that this day should surprise you like a thief. You are all children of the light and children of the day. We do not belong to the night or to the darkness. So then, let us not be like others, who are asleep, but let us be awake and sober. For those who sleep, sleep at night, and those who get drunk, get drunk at night. But since we belong to the day, let us be sober, putting on faith and love as a breastplate, and the hope of salvation as a helmet. For God did not appoint us to suffer wrath but to receive salvation through our Lord Jesus Christ. He died for us so that, whether we are awake or asleep, we may live together with him.” #LordJesusiscoming
I’ve learned more in Vsauce videos than in school.
Am I the only one that noticed Micheal's watch is disappearing and appearing multiple times throughout the video?
Jazz really goes well with this 26:36
Months since the last video and its a monologue from your desk in your office. Low effort shit loses viewers.
Come, one and all ; to Michael's theater of logic and reason !
Saucy ;-)
Hello 911, vsauce just blew my mind
"Hey Vsause, Michael here" never gets old😌❤
big man is back
I'm a simple man, if I see a new Vsauce video, I click it.
the return of the kind 🤴
yes
Yes is the only incorrect answer. Correct answers are No and Not enough info, because NO, Paul (married) is not looking at Peter (unmarried). Paul (married) is looking at Mary (not enough info about Mary's marital status). Answer yes with the explanation "if Mary is and if Mary isn't" is far from certainty. But it is certain that Paul is not looking at Peter and it is certain that there is not enough information about Mary's marital status.
fart.
I just can't close the tab on this video. I feel like the answers to some of life's mysteries lie here, and I might miss out on them if I do
Hate humans
But the last 10 mins inspiration  was inspiring
new Vsauce video :)  it is actually a sponsored video by Bill Gates and his book with global warming shoe-horned in :(
All hail the illusion king
I need to see the video again with a pen and a piece of paper, because holy shit is this important
“We used conclusion to draw reasoning” that is alternative fact... or is it?
he is baaack
Wow he uploaded
I like Vsauce out of context
I love how he just says that humans are causing climate change as if it's science and slips it in between actual scientific references and data so liberal pseudo-intellectuals watching youtube to feel smug will nod and go "mm hmm humans so bad".  Michael I thought relying on faulty models was bad science?  How come information predicted off of faulty models was presented here as fact?  Why intentionally brainwash?  What's the agenda?
Do the jelly beans test but add a personal benefit for lying, see how well it goes
Where is my mind? You just blew it!
The political system Michael described at the end is very similar to the one in... China, of all places. Most don't know about how much it involves the participation of random people, and representatives of all sectors of the economy, society, specific regions and cultures (most who are not politicians). Curiously, their Congress is 20% independent. Look up the CPPCC and the annual Two Sessions. The people join together with congress to deliberate, suggest policy and set missions for their economy, with goals that can be accurately measured and tracked. Goals like reducing emissions, improving agricultural yields, improving life expectancy by X %, urbanization, internet access, etc. Every 5 years, those sessions result in a new Five Year Plan. The CPC, the dominant Party in the system, glues it all, acting like an input-feedback machine that functions system-wide, measuring progress in real time, sending signals up and down the chain and helping steer the boat along with the plan. This triumph of reason over political and economic matters is driving initiatives such as the one we see on this video. There's no future for the west if market anarchy continues the rule over everything. We need a new system.
My man Michael. You sold yoourseld to that basterd. I am dissapointed.
This sucks. Too soft, too much speculation, ignores cognitive biases of large groups, blah blah blah. Expected better from Vsauce
Lottocracy can be a double edged sword
14:04 anyone know the song?
i’m just so.. wow.
🌶️🌶️🌶️🌶️👏👏👏👏🖤🖤💚💚💚💚
I agree with this video. teehee
I like your vids
I thought this was a science channel. In science, you do not start at a predetermined unproven conclusion and work your way backwards. That is anti-science.
Jesus is how we reach a consensus
I got goosebumps when the music started. This man is a legend
This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates. Unsubbed.
21:45
26:30 this is more or less happening in France on this very subject of climate change: 150 citizens randomly chosen were teached basic facts about the subject and then discussed for a month and produced 150 propositions to reduce the CO2 emissions of France.  The propositions were truly brillant and much more brave and radical than expected, (so the centrist government is trying to cancel them), and it really gives hope in democracy and in our ability to decide collectively on the future
So you're peddling Bill Gates' megalomaniacal nonsense now? Unsubscribed
Very well put!
Only VSauce could gather more than 1M views in only one day... well VSauce and some crappy pop video
coupon
Vsauce it's very likely that you wont see this but I have to say, you're amazing with so much talent, honestly love the videos you come up with. Thank you.
Bill Gates and the modern colonization. He is the problem, not the solution: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3_8owv2dtP0
This video blew out my awesome-ometer scale
Opinion, democracy, reasoning? That's funny on a platform skewed and moderated as this one. Or on other platforms where not being part of some group with a woke acronym is considered a sin. And this will be the heaven for the western world. No one will be wrong, no one will be offended, because no one can think differently, or no one is let to think differently.
The only teacher I like to learn from.
Heck lot of unwanted info
Support Comment!
RETURN
Why arent there ads in the goats Video he should let them play he deserves it
I like smart people because they can explain the things I know not how to put into words.
<3
22:23 "We have now arrived at THE PROBLEM."  What Michael says from here on is the biggest crisis facing the modern world and one of the greatest issues we have faced as a species: the internet rapidly accelerates the probability of confirmation biases between clashing ideals and creates larger and larger divides amongst us.
And as always, most informative 30 minutes of the week. 🧐
We are one... Energy slowed down to mass. We are connected to the universe. One single time line. Life's only meaning is to understand the ways of the universe but as a whole not individually.
I love vsauce
Or is it?
My teachers: Your grade is good Me Th- My teachers: 1:56
A mess of baseless speculation and unfounded assertions, obscured by statements of the obvious and excessive definition.
We did that recently in France, 150 citizens were randomly chosen to build propositions to tackle climate change. The success of which is debatable. In my opinion, they just become the reasonning chambers of the various intervening associations or so called "experts" thrown at them.
Sad day to see this channel has been compromised.
precisely why its so wrong to silence people
Finally another Vsauce video!
This should be taught in school
So this is why we must stifle the discussion by censoring people with opinions I dont like
Dammit, VSauce. I have to be up in 5 hours! Why would you upload today?
I learn more from this than a week of school
Relax. What is mind? No matter. What is matter? Never mind.
I had to go to a musical concert that was 85% of our grade, but this is more important
5:48 When this beat hits you already know it’s vsauce time
Next Vsauce video will be in DEC 8 2021 about Exsitense, existenialism , about reason to be alive. sorry for ruining the future...fk
My awesome-ometer is off the charts from watching this
Partnered with bill gates? Oh no! I think he's a super villain.
I think this is the best video you’ve made since forever
the most researched. the most detailed. the most comprehensive. is there anything this channel cannot doooo???
I have an ever-expanding organ of tissue and wood AYOOOO
confirmation bias is what happing with taylor swift fans rn😭😭
The company named ABC burguers: *happiness noises*
“When something gets better for one group usually get worse for another”
same energy as that one sam haris ted on ai
All this is known to me, let's edit society together. We need leaders that understand this already. 👽
If you're working with Bill Gates I'm out. Unsubbed now.
"Vsauce uploaded: The Future Of Reasoning" Alright time to actually be interested in learning.
Watch this get a billion views by the end of the decade
Cool, Bill Gates is telling us peasants how we can save climate change from his gigantic hydrogen Yacht.
I do have to conciously look at someone's expression sometimes to make a conclusion about it because I have ✨autism✨
We have 2 sets of reasoning skills.  Logical and Emotional.  Reasoning skills help make rational decisions. I rationalize some really illogical thoughts.
*Hey VSauce Micheal here*  Never gets old
21:32 *politicians have left the chat*
i smell propaganda
Let's make Lottacracy happen!
Many of standard psychological facts and social theories that many books already offered a similar account. But still a fantastic way to put them up and marshal into a succulent 30 minutes video that is both entertaining and thought provoking
And as always, thanks for making another video 👍
Is this Vsauce stating that it would be more reasonable to have random participants to test ideas using discourse? And as such it would be valid to say: Vsauce would be more reasonable to have random participants for that reason.
It's almost like all of Michael's videos led up to this one. Where will he go now that he's reached the top?
vsauce: where is your mind? me: *in the gutter*
and as always ... amazing video !!!
this... was lit.
This video is essential to humanity
“Goes and proposes his new form of government “
The concept of the lottocracy is immensly interesting, inever ever thought about that. I read up about voting systems recently, and how different voting systems yield different results with the same voter base. But this Lottocracy, might actually be the most democratic. But i immagine not everybody is gonna agree to being in charge, so you would need to give the people the option of opting out.
Athènes lottocraty doesn't have a happy ending...
Although ive only been watching for a few days,  i love this man
Is it just me or does this video give me the feeling that vsauce has been watching too much flat earth?
Can you just run for president already?
Excellent job Michael + Team! Thanks <3
“Babe wake up, new Vsauce just dropped”
If Mary is a dog, she's neither a married person or an unmarried person. So not enough information, since we do not know whether or not Mary is a person.
Solarpunk
he’s back
What if the hyper object put up for debate was in fact a false premise?
🙊🙉🙈👽👺👹🤐😃🎱🤰🤰🤰🤰🤰🛵🛴📿📿📿🕍🕍🇬🇧🇬🇧🦏🦌🦅🥚🥚🥚🥚🥚🛒🥇🥇🥇🥇🥇🦍🦍🦍🦍🦍🙃🙃🙃🙃🤗🤗🤗🤗🤗🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑🤑
The return of the King
11:34 No, i am not an elephant
This episode is particularly socratic. Good stuff
karen and the mums at pilates: 3:03
what ever happened to DING?
Michael, you make it better to be here.
*Kocking at the door* Me: *Opens it* Government employee surround by 5 bodyguards: You have been selected to be president of this nation.
Damn, didn't expect this. That you sauce man!
communism will win
3:25 cake
Heeee's baaack
That thought is so strange; "someday we'll be the ancients". I guess I can imagine myself being remembered by my family, or as a statistic, maybe 100 years from now, as recent history. But I just can't think that far into the future o_O though in any case we CAN only become ancient history IF we tackle the climate crisis.
yet still. sometimes group consensus is a false comfort.
Ayo Enrico where u at?
Ayo Enrico where u at?
brilliant
wow you still do videos ?
You just convinced another small part of the Great Mind
It's a shame that the internet has to be so much of someone throwing crap at people and walking away. It's also a shame that grown men who are the primary lawmakers respond to media lazily by parroting what someone else says to avoid giving a real answer. But it's very valuable to realize both of those things.
11:34 Shocker
I am Back
To interject: I want to correct you on this one. The quality of life is increasing for the bourgeoise not the general proletariat. income and wealth inequality are rampant in so called 1st world countries. Our world will never grow better unless we start to put our foot down and point out the objective illiteracies that  the bourgeoise hand feeds us through lobbied, paid media.  You have a great many good points, but one should not double speak the blind and the objectively literate. A fool needs not to be told he's a fool by another, but by the orchestra. Our minds are most certainly do extend to our peers and communities, to that effect the stream goes both ways. Society's worst will never be better as long as people continue to empower them, with confirmation bias. In short. You are right Objective literacy is a tricky subject, but being direct and aggressive is the only weapon we have against those who try to double speak the truth into a revisionist lie.   Thanks Love you guys!!!
Help: what does "the future of reasoning may be the past of reasoning" mean?
Vsauce retreats to his thinking cave
Does he not spring up from below anymore?
Hi micheal
16:20jjbk 00:16:15 that book scared me.I was not expecting it
Go buy DogeToken ASAP !!
My brain and my mind have missed you a lot!
This topic went over 13 different topics during the video xD
one highly educated family who owns the country should rule.
This video is important and should really get us thinking of how important it is to discuss with people who dont share our bubble of thought and lifestyle and how we can change our culture to incorporate this healthy and constructuve way of acting, fulfilling ever single person more than before
The return of the king.
This is probably the greatest video I've ever seen. Thank you 🙏
Hello Michael, or should I call you...      HowToBasic?
I bet this guy could talk you into doing anything
I hate the stock footage of people in masks theyre more than that but ok
Hey vsauce have a good day
You lost me when comparing a mind to a set of tools.  Tools don’t think for themselves
*I love diving into teh human psychology wtih you michael!*
I watch this at 4am in the morning and i feel like im hallucinating with the words he spits on me. Better watch it again tomorrow.
If I ever have the chance to have a kid.. you will be his/her first channel id let them subscribe to. Thank you for the brain stimulation 👏🙌
Me : * sees the title and thumbnail * That seems intresting  Me after the video : That was useful I just forgot it all
This is the best
Nice one! "Someday we will be the ancients"
2.9K people are unreasonable.
Hey Youtube, I am here again
my brain hurts
If important decisions were to be made by average citizens after "being taught" by experts, They'd still make bad choices becuase they would not believe the experts. And They'll say that experts are just part of a hoax and are paid to for lying.
🌬️. .. ..⛵ I could not raise the collective consciousness due to that people would rather think single women weigh on the economy, & depict we will not own family businesses in cities even if with partners, when if a man didn't think himself entitled to a woman of his own, a women would know no one could tell them they weighed on the economy or couldn't have a family business in the city if they wanted to.  The world will become more & more a child unfriendly place, & then people unfriendly.  Generally men blame patriarchy.  Personally, from what I see, I think a man just wants what the other man has, and women still very much want what makes a man happy.  Men seem to be prepared to turn their backs on women to let us be called burdens to their own ends.  I don't have a lot of opinions on women's issues, but if I had one this would be it.  You are all living in a man-made illusion, created by the ones beside you telling you what your options are, & that you have only 2 (or to face stigma), either to be single or partner to 1.  Only someone who doesn't promise to be alone if single, nor promises not to be with five if not partnered would see that's the problems is being discussed at women's summits are promises if you keep on going the way you are.  If I am not subject to the law unless I break it, then I am not subject to be with one or noone unless I am married.  Maybe one day man will step back and take a good look at themselves.  I need you all to wake up.  Come on please.  Come on.  As I've mentioned, I will need another month before I host the mass-delete which had been scheduled for the 30th.  Goodnight all.   . . . . . . . . . .  #Free #will  If a man was to lie to his wife, she will tell his children things she doesn't know she wouldn't.  And that you make a decision based on a lie (that is by omission), that causes tragedies such as mother's weighing on the economy & families not being able to rent inner-city Sydney family business, nothing that you will is what you would.    I feel terribly alone.  How did you expect to rise in collective consciousness?  The more minds we collect, the greater the pits of flailers grow, all trying to look like enough builds of soul between them to say all should not generalise, & they grow fast.  The idea was to raise the honest problem solvers of us in collectively via a ripple effect of flailers, but, could it be, that most people will not listen to the truth?   Am I right to say most of you think each of you are entitled to a woman of your own?  Jealousy is a terrible thing.  Krystel Spicer Mind Ark FB All I write is free. Tsk
this is the first time i’ve seen a vsauce video close to when it released
ok Bill Gates time to EXTEND your empathy and let the whole world use your vaccine recipe
I've heard the jellybean counting experiment before, but I can't help but wonder how many times and how many people have actually done the experiment.   It sounds nice, but I'm curious if this was a one off that gets passed off as a fact.
or is it?
Michael then: where are your fingers Michael now: where is your mind
This could be a political movement
He is no longer crazy
I'm 1 minute 24 seconds into this video and I've learned more than than I have in 22 years of school
tldr: monke together stronk
Clicked on a video expecting to learn about Reason and its just "Great Reset" nonsense propaganda bought and paid for by Billy "I donated all my wealth to charity but just so happened to more than double it last year" Gates...
"sir, this is a wendy's"
Okay but is anyone actually interested in implementing a Lottocracy (in the USA)? I’m not hearing a lot of downsides.
When VSauce pops the "citizens meddling with politics is Populism" bubble. Real democracy is all of us having our fifteen minutes of fame, but the so-called democratic forces don't like that. They prefer a Republic, or what is called an oligarchy in this video, a reputation of power over emancipation.
As a philosophy student, I’ve always felt like the interrelatedness of power and responsibility is a cornerstone to rational decision making. Great topic Michael. Good shit
I think I'm in a cult now
Babe wake up, michael posted a video
I am still waiting for the iconic Vsauce music..
This was goddam great, I thought about a lotta things, pausing often
"Right now, there are people all over the world who are just like you. They're either lonely, they're missing somebody, they're depressed, they're hurt, they're scarred from the past, they're having personal issues no one knows about, they have secrets you wouldn't believe. They wish, they dream and they hope. And right now, they are sitting here reading these words, and I'm writing this for you so you dont feel alone anymore. Always remember, don't be depressed about the past, don't worry about the future, and just focus on today. If today's not so great don't worry! Tomorrow's a new chance. If you are reading this, be sure to share this around to make others feel better. Have a nice day!"
What gives? We don't know if Mary is married or unmarried and the only married person is Paul who is looking at Mary. How is the answer yes????
I think a lottocracy would really be good for this country, to get rid of the corrupt elected officials who make a career out of screwing over the public just for his/her own power and money
mr beast used: MULTI UPLOAD! (it wasn't very effective)  Vause used: EVERY 3-5 MONTHS UPLOAD! (IT'S SUPER EFFECTIVE; TRENDING!)     GET IT CUZ IT'S A POKEMON REFRENCE!
I think lottocracy and democracy only work with a good education system. Some commenter who works in the field said that they try to get dumber people to be jurors.
Upload videos regularly
God I've missed this.
I think it's reasonable to say that there are great challenges (which you could classify as a Great Filter) that an intelligent species faces on their mission to become interplanetary; recent studies have stated that using calculations (determining the likelyhood of alien life and civilizations) right now in the milky way there are as little as 5 to as many as a few hundred alien civilizations in the transmitting part of their species' lifecycle (like we are here with radio signals) this still works with the great filter theory as the silence could easily be explained by it. There could be a set range of years after entering the transmission phase that species' face these great issue. Think for example about climate change for us; or perhaps global transmission caused great wars among aliens. Whilst I think the existance of a few hundred alien civilizations is a lot; there is a large part of me that wishes it to be true. What do you think?
He took ayahuasca and now he’s a McKennite. Welcome to the universe brother
Do you know that you will forget most of the information in this video, just like you forgot his earlier videos!!
My god, this is good.
This video sucks!
Yo let’s go it’s lottocracy time
The Vsauce I remember wasn't a communist propaganda channel.
Bill Gates is evil.
please everyone, lets get behind this idea and free ourselves.
The return of the king
This is why I pay for internet every month.
That Mary questions made my iq go up 😂
it blows my mind that almost 3,000 people watched this and then hit the dislike button
Man, this was refreshing. Thanks bruh
micheals theme never gets old
Although I think we disagree politically I really like this video and I think You have a lot of really good ideas thank you.
THe seratonin i felt when he said "hey Vsauce, Michael here!"
The sad irony is no one that should watch this will see it within their echo chamber
You can see in the subtitles the original text and you can compare it to the video and spot the mannerisms Michael uses when speaking
The information density in these videos is always so high that its hard to absorb all of the content at once, I'm probably going to watch it one or two more times to try and better understand it, but from my first time through this seems like another great and profound video. Keep up the great work Michael
why don't we just launch a nuke at climate change
I love you Michael. You do everything I wish I could do.
Nice
Well, then lobbies of any kind such as those behind Fox News will try their best to disseminate stupid ideas to even larger crowds. How would you go about arguing with a flat earthed? A Trump minion? That’s tough.
Hi Mikel, You should write some books. Please keep the content going.
As always a great video, with a well thought out subject. Really piqued my interest and brought out several ideas about reason I have never thought about before. Really appreciate the amount of work you put into these videos. Also, I think the idea of a lottocratcy sounds great but perhaps that is my weak reasoning.
3:55 Michael for Supreme World Leader
+1 for Lottocracy. It's not the best solution, but it's also not the worst. That's the point.
Love the video, but one question. Why have a small group of randomly assigned individuals make decisions rather than everyone all the time? Gets larger group sizes for deliberation and and also has that effect of existing powers having to cozy up to everyone rather than those likely to be powerful.
reason mostly helps with your second decision.
Your reasoning is influential
I thought maybe I just missed the audio queue, you know the one I'm talking about.
Welcome to Vsauce Quarterly Meeting of the year
you know that there is world of minds right and our brains are spacial and they can basicly go into that world
The amount of likes per views is unreal, but definitely deserving
damn that was a good video. Abolish Democracy,  choose lottocracy
Looks like Michael has fallen to the dark side.
Best 30 minutes of my life
someone please help me identify the instrument in Michael's left hand at 0:35
I see Vsauce, I click
Y e s   New video sweet
Thanks for a very interesting video! By the way reasoning for more features is very simple: what if somewhen I'll need to use it.
The episode for 2022 came early!. What a pleasant surprise.
Soothing the algo
He stepped up his game. From appearing from aside or beneath to appearing out of nowhere lol
This is amazing.
Vsauce videos are becoming like cryptids
And now millions of 14 year olds will regurgitate this exact argument not understanding the video at all.
Not gonna lie, this is kinda Hegelian tbh
Michael has this special ability to blow my mind every time I watch a Vsauce video.
Reason will prevail!
THE KING
14:16 *Autistic people have entered the chat and are typing furiously*
6:00
The mix of classic vsauce tracks with all of these new tunes is as delightful as all the thoughts Micheal provokes with these.
I wonder how many of the 1.2 mil people that viewed this watched through the entire thing lmao
So he remembered the password of his account
vsauce deserves so many more subscribers. How is it possible that family vloggers have a bigger platform than this legendary science man?
Leave it to Vsauce to end a philosophy course on a slightly ominous note.  That said, I think it also is uplifting to know that my impact in this world is guaranteed. Someone, somewhere, might learn something from me. At the very least I could be a cautionary tale, and that's empowering.
Bruh wth, I was almost sleeping and now this. (Great vid btw.)
if reason exists only as being mediated by the social, reason should "know" what the social is and determine why it should be considered as a good thing. In this first moment, reason is unadultered by the social. So... no. Reason is not merely a social induced subject.
fork billgates. he just make neat software. He's brillian in that respect but that doesn't automatically  make him qualified in other fields
DAD'S BACK
Really insightfull video! Loved it, a really deeper meaning in to how we function ❤
“Where is your mind?” My first response, not even a minute in: “F*ck if I know, but it sure ain’t with me.”
Sounds like Michael is trying to make the NWO
Michael has mastered his control over space, and can now teleport objects
Everything is a hyper object man *hits blunt*  Only existing conceptually, and made of parts, which themselves only exist conceptually, made of parts...
0:30 when i show my mom my homework
don't know why, but this video sort of feels like "this is my final message"
3:09 Methane looking a lil suggestive ngl
Awesome extrapolation, even better conclusion. It pains me even more now that I know someone saw the great filter coming, and was thinking of a solution, but could never get companies to just let their source of influence go. The hyper object transition is the biggest hyper object itself. Watch Seaspiracy on Netflix for another problem like this.
This guy gives you the illusion of him speaking in English!
........wut
I am listening to this and I don't know why but I am constantly thinking about HIVE MIND.
Turn to Jesus Christ and repent all your sins
Soooo, Gaia from the Foundation series really was the best choice. That's actually kind of interesting
Chasm City, a man made civilization on the man made orbit of an uninhabitable planet in the space opera series of Alastair Reynolds has almost exactly this kind of government.
Don't pander, teach and have patience to explain
I was watching some of his old videos and saw this like "hold the f*ck up?!?"
We need an awesome-ometer! Let's build one! 🤯
Im going to be getting recommended this for another 2 years
Michael, you've outdone yourself. Your content has always been great, but this is on an other level! You're a brilliant philosopher and narator!
The idea of Lottocracy is pretty new to me, but it sounds a lot like an idea I had about using technocracy to bring scientific reasoning to the government. Instead of using elections to decide on a person or a group, why not use elections to decide on the problems themselves? Everyone would submit a list of problems that they think needs to be solved. Each problem then would go for national debate once they hit a certain threshold requests. Then when election day comes, we would vote on the priority for each issue. A few months later, we would run a second election to hire experts to focus on each problem. And finally, a few months after that we would debate an expert's progress and vote on if they were the right choice for that job.
DUDEEEEEE
a lottocracy hangs by the axiom the peoples lowest instincts are morally good, which I dont believe to be the case.
watching all of this you start to understand why socrates hated democracy, maybe we should rethink the idea.
Thanks, the best and most important Vsauce Video I have ever seen.
Ok,  this might have been  the most serious video  Michael has published  and I am in love with the deep thinking it provoked.   It paints a fairly positive picture of our future, if we manage to push through all this.
Oh I thought the married person example was a pun cuz mary was one of the people
Every person on the planet should see this video.
Honestly I needed this. It gives me hope that people have thought deeply enough about the flaws in our society and have envisioned potential remedies. It is too hard for individuals to tame the emergent behaviors of the society (even great leaders), and it totally makes sense  that the solution could be to let society tame itself (but it has to be set up to do so, which is where our generation needs to take some steps toward progress).
If your interested in this topic look up chaos and reductionism on YouTube. Single lecture that is life changing can’t stress it enough
15:35    "the human: now with extreme biases when reasoning."
Hes back
5:42 thank me later
Teachers like vsauce give us the context and motivation to study otherwise boring and abstract subjects.
"what if we selected people at random and paid them to learn from experts and take decisions/recommendations" This has been done in France: "convention citoyenne pour le climat" (climate citizen convention". A lot of people from there has testimonied that, before this, they would have been against any of the proposal that they vote for in the end after understanding and deliberating. Completely in line with your point. https://www.conventioncitoyennepourleclimat.fr/en/
🆒
Left brain vs. Right brain The best minds let them both thrive as they were intended and synergize. That includes emotional and empathetic values. Remember all these naysayer to climate change are the lone wolves and as nature will do they will be selected out. I argue it's our sense of community, ability to negotiate and concede for the whole and our overall "we're in this together" mentality that has us the driving species here. It's those that shun this next big step that will be brought to Justice
11:32 vsauce producing some content for "vsauce out of context" i see i see
Your beard is almost back to its full glory.
Lol, he discovered how Romans elected their oficials 2000 years ago.
10:34 [  ] 3some?🧐
Did Thanos have the right idea?
here's ab topic "is there such thing as a perfect answer"
V sauce has just ripped out every sales person. The main rules being, do not give the customer opportunities to give yes or no answers, when they do give  answers break down the reasons they're not buying.  Do not let them leave! When they say "let me ask my wife" etc, lock them in." I bet she'd love a coffee when she gets here... "  Agree and empathise...  " yeah it's a lot... But I'd spend that in a weekend! "  Then lock them in with the reduction of your commission percentage.  Aww you're not keen now? How about x y or z.   Sales is all about pressure keep asking over and over normal, polite people back off with 'nah, not for, me' sales people pester and poke until Sooner or later they hit a key they'll make you want to engage in.   I hated sales it's awful and manipulative. You think you're better than falling for their tricks but we're not!
Emily needs to watch this
When we getting mind field season 4?
LETS A GO
Ok but this is most likely the best video on this app right now
Where is your scientific proof of evolution? Non existent
,,That's... kinda brilliant" -Arthur Morgan
What else do they have at ABC burgers?
Return of the king
Finally Vsauce endorse socialism.
The solution is a system in which a hierarchy does not have the ability to coerce others to act as they wish. Reasoning spreads on the free market of ideals.
I wonder if he should trademark his intro? It's so iconic and synonymous with YouTube, maybe the most recognizable intro on the platform?
Sooo what I’m hearing is we should make decisions by appeal to majority? Not a very good idea, Michael.
I'll need to watch this multiple times.
my head exploded within a few seconds because of amazement
His watch disappears and reappears
And another life cricis
Guys Im italian so I dont understand english that well, can you please explain to me the difference between hunger and famine? At around 3:30 he said them separatedly Thanks <3
I'm reasoning why I'm reasoning the way I'm reasoning
3:50 hmmm. Good things volcanoes don't exist, right?
Absolutely inspiring
Vsauce would be the perfect dinner guest when the inevitable after dinner “discussions” begin 👍😎
Great video.
Well, Michael may not be an elephant but he is still awesome.
I have a proposal; vsauce for president.
Question though—if we were to transfer to a system of a lottocracy sort, how would we deal with propaganda? At this point, no matter what direction we pivot there are still these mega corporations and billionaires who have specific interests, and through their wealth, significant power. How would/could we prevent these entities from coming up with advertising and PR to sway public opinion and get what is best for them and their money, but not for the population as a whole? Is that a question of deliberation which would have to be posed to the lottocracy?
is Peter that Mary is looking at, the same Peter that is unmarried? >> not enough information :(
would have been nice if you did it without bill
I swear I rewatched that intro
If the word didn’t look so bad I’d suggest Michael for the worlds chief lottocracist lmaooo
This was such a great topic!
Thank you Michael for Vsauce
Who's ready for the day we're considered an ancient civilization? Cause I'm not.
As always, thanks for sharing.  Is there a Vsauce OST somewhere? I just love the musics!
What if in a different galaxys with planets like ours, and what if theres people like us but in there time its in the future or past🧐
shots fired at joe biden or trump?
he's alive guys
oh cool bill gates that guy who doesnt want poor countries to have vaccines
“The mind is made of wood, stone, and people”  Ew
I've got some bad news for you about how ancient democracies worked out
Best part of my day.  Smarter for watching, thanks Michael!
Gates's approaches to solving climate issues seem to have a bias toward high tech fixes for things as opposed to "appropriate technology."     He had a competition for making a better toilet but the somewhat expensive one with more features won the competition rather than something that would actually be able to be made by people without money or much water, like composting toilet systems that just need buckets and cover materials like sawdust and dead vegetation to cover and insulate the compost heap.
a jesi se nasro nema te amerika
you know you’ve made it when bill gates collaborated with you
Was gonna watch this until I saw that Bill Gates was involved
He found his password.
HE'S BACK BABY
babe wake up new vsauce video
very intersting im quite a bit worried of the future :3
Reject individually Join hive mind
This is the most important video the Vsauce channels have ever released.
And as always thanks for goosebumps
Hello
We are born and all we hear and see add to what we do in life.
ERR uh TOS then ees
amazing video
A video that works to invalidate logic and promote feelings. Oh and it's sponsored by Bill Gates, big shock
Prime number video shirt making an appearance
Transhumanism freaks got him, blink if you are kindaped Michael
*Don’t let this distract you from the fact that in the manga The Boss pinched Saturn for gaming and called him a “very bad boy’ instead of working on the Galactic Bomb.*
A bill gates partnered video.....
This video might as well be titled "A culmination of existential dread, questioning, and worth"
We will one day be the ancients.. that hit me. Thanks Vsauce
Awesomeometer
I wasn't ready for an existential crisis...               Then, I WAS.
Hay Michel bro !! If there is any awesomeo-meter ..you and I would be in top 😂 yu just give me whole new thoughts for my today’s blunt 😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍 thanks bro !
Wow i really thought that this video is 8 or 7 years lol
What’s the deal with the watch?
I have missed that music.
why subtitles are different from what he says I find it confusing as English is my second language
when i saw bill gates' name i was worried, but i have to give michael credit for concluding that the issue is not a failure to listen to experts or some such, but rather the fact that we let a very small group pf very powerful people decide the fate of humanity. got 'em.
Sadly there are forces of anti-reason who want to stop us thinking. They are known as the 'toxic left', lefties who are openly anti-freedom of speech, they are a clear and present danger to all civilisation.
ive been asking myself this question EVERY single day for more than a month 😂
11:17 There is more than 1 Michael in the world and some might be elephants.
I think Michael likes the idea of decentralization. Do you guys think he hodls ADA? :)
People in 3182: Class today we will learn about the philosopher Vsauce
“Hey it’s Vsauce here” is probably one of most iconic lines of the 21st century
22:26
That was amazing !
Wow, just wow. Thank you for your contribution to my thoughts. I simply cannot fully and accurately express my appreciation. Thank you
Humanity is bliiiiind. Bliiiiind i tell yoooou.
Hello again to all my friends I'd like at the display on a funny funny London and nothing here today
You are listening to something published by Gates? The great mass murderer of our time.
THAT'S IT! I'M CALLING IT! Homo Sapiens Sapiens is on the decline, long live the Homo Sapiens TechnoSapiens.
..and as always - great lecture!
People that disliked the video - can you provide reasons for this decision?
Literally 99% won’t see this but I lost my job due to covid. They shut down all the restaurants in Cook county which then led me to loosing my apartment. I'm currently living out of my car which I try and make the best of. I've applied to a bunch of places I'm hoping to get a call back. if anyone could help me with whatever you could bc I'm needing stuff like hand warmers which I stuff my clothes at night when it's cold. Also cheap burgers/fastfood. I know times are tough for everyone these days but if you're able to help me I have paypal username pay2winlife  If you're unable to help I totally understand thank you🙏
Me: SAY IT! SAY IT! SAY IT! Him: or... is it? Me: FUCK YEAAAH
The one immediate concern I have with the idea of the lottocracy is the period of learning. How do we prevent mega corporations like Google from controlling what they learn. Or from biased news sources bending facts. It is the same issue we have now
but like imagine if this channel made daily uploads
Foda.
So our body uses electrical signals⚡ and also our brain 🧠 so our consciousnesses is made up of  electrical signal so thechnically we are electricity and also atoms use electrical charges.
Aye, I was so hyped for this but you lost me when you said you partnered with Bill Gates.
https://youtu.be/pHqPF30jg2w
end of vsauce videos give the same feeling when you're leaving the cinema at night and reality seems fake
I am by default a globalist...because reasons...so what if we had a lottocracy that is global, you are chosen randomly for a decision and have no idea what country the law is from...and you give your reasoning...it has to be a much larger data pool, like instead of 30 people( or whatever a jury is) you have 30 million people...I think that would be useful and awesome
What is your profession, Michael?
I think the thing about weak reasons is well worth baring in mind. I watch a good number of response videos, but often times I can tell that the objections they are raising probably have good answers were they to be put to them, but it's designed for someone with a closer viewpoint to begin with. An important thing to bare in mind with response videos is that you are responding to the ideas and not the video
déantar é seo a mhoilliú mar cén fáth go ndéanfá cúis leis sa todhchaí mar cén fáth
Vsauce is my therapy.
Origins of Flat Earthers. (The video explaining the origin).
Oh no, he sold his soul to microsoft
So a disinformation useful idiot will now tell us about reasoning?  Yeah if YouTube had a warning then this would be more likely be a credible message.
I think the mind is in the brain because without the brain your mind turns off. You can toss the calendar and still have the mind
Michael is an international treasure. Fantastic.
I've heard this before
So many unreasonable people out there!
when i dont find a good reason for something ITS CALLED A MENTAL DISORDER
This actually sounds very reasonable
Yeah, well what about when it's revealed that Mary is not actually a person and is, in fact, Paul's pet dog.
Im sorry , yea maybe Lottocracy could work in Sweden, Germany, yea even in Australia. But i say Florida and then we all know what they could conclude... hahaha
I hope my reasons of missing the schoolbus is better in the future
Great subject.
"the future of reason may be the past of reason"  so...return to tradition?
I miss the series
Amazing video :)
*Might be the first Vsauce video I ever disliked. Tuff.*
fucking deep nice
missed Vsauce so much!
this video sums up humanity
I'm so proud of myself for getting it at 10:52
I've been curious where you have been....
Micheal on some singularity shit today and im here for it
*I have my own reasons to watch this video multiple times.*
Ending always sends shivers down my spend nice video!
RETURN TO HIVEMIND
Im so glad I don't have to wait 5 months to watch a new Vsauce video
Michael just explained in half an hour what I’ve learned in two semesters worth of college classes on economics and human psychology
History will remember Vsauce as another great philosopher who propelled and proposed ideas to the benefit of man.
Ah, *Reasoning* , the thing the internet has a lot of
Oh my god, that's my chair! Pleased to know Michael also shops at IKEA.
I love watching the desk bend a little bit whenever Michael puts his arms on it.
The god has arrived again
HE IS THE MESSIAH!
25:26 I missed that tune 🎶,
Very eye opening, thanks
Dang now I need some baked beans
https://youtu.be/9TLEJa_s720
istg vsauce never misses
https://youtu.be/9TLEJa_s720
smae
https://youtu.be/9TLEJa_s720
If you find this video "too abstract" maybe that's because it's a good starting point for personal thought. This video isn't trying to give you an answer, that's what clowns like jordan peterson want to do.
OR  IS IT?
Return of the king
a lecture on cognitive psychology
I was half expecting him to pop up under the table in the beginning.
A chaotic hive of non-conformist selfish individuals struggling against their own little everyday tragedies and existential crises over their identities, capabilities, worth and very, very limited lifespan.  The whole glory and pupil to the ever seeing eye of God  XDD     It is our responsibility to learn to govern ourselves more efficiently on all aspect of our lives. But it isn't the case, because, it doesn't matter if Joe trains or not for his health or his exams, at least not to Marry and thus we fail to see the overall pattern of our coexistence. But not everyone has the same capacities, mental or physical, to this or that exam. So life goes on with its spectrum. Yet, I have seen a one leg man do break dance on the floor and jumping in the air like he was yelling 'fk off gravity'. I have seen all kinds of people do all kinds of intuitive activities considering what we could apparently judge from them.  Chaos and order seem to be opposite aspects of life and death, of the same and different.  I like what Frank Herbert say in his book, 'he learned rapidly because his first training was in how to learn. And the first lesson of all was the basic trust that he can learn. It's shocking to find how many people do not believe they can learn, and how many more believe learning to be difficult [ - but always test that knowledge and adapt it -] and 'we must keep a place in our awareness to perceive what we can't preconceive'. We will never be entirely right, but we must always look for it, somehow o0 adjust and hone the blade of our judgment to cut through to the heart of truth.  Yet, humour is widely based on distorted truth, and we cherish humour, with good reasons o0 We must find our way trough the clear and murky waters of our mind and minds, and survive it all long enough as a species to tell the tale.  Your videos, at the very least this one, should be a school must at some point for sure !
22:28 'Me seeing Michael coming closer and closer to me like'  👁️👄👁️
Do a question and answer video
Saying "climate change" is lava
Oh no... You're pro Bill Gates.
13:00 Micheal explains that Free will is an illusion.
The disconnect between the English subtitles and English audio is really jarring.
uh oh, alt-right aren't going to like this video
This guy is asking for more debate and examination, at a time when anything conservative is being scrubbed of the internet by the leftists in the Big Tech.
Yo you found the upload button!!
9:55
this is...huge
reject reason  become society
So, democracy is basically telling the majority of people that they are right?
*sees communication* me as an introvert: what is that?
Gold
Wait so are human  basically a hive mind?
There's factories that can use carbon monoxide and convert it into fuel that runs in any car ....why aren't they getting built everywhere....cuz of greed
Can anyone point me in the direction of a vsauce episode i seem to remember where micheal showed us a website that converts any picture you upload into a series of numerical values and then finds where in the number pi your picture resides? I know its a thing and im pretty sure its a vsauce episode. Anyone else remember this?
Honestly, Vsauce is probably some sort of messiah in disguise, here to lead us to glory.  JK
Our existence is due to military conquest, or sucking up (sometimes literally) to military leaders. Military leaders use religious leaders, and vice versa, to keep the masses at bay. When China 🇨🇳 and America 🇺🇸 and Russia 🇷🇺 nuke each other, Australia 🇦🇺 will be a superpower. No sense worrying about anything except your town.
Set
God damn genius. Well voiced. Nobody can transfer information quite like you! God speed :)
Michael accurately explains why Picard always consults his team when confronted with a dire circumstance
Alright i know im not the only one, eho else was waiting for him to say "Or is it?"
I'll be the judge of who's COOL, using the coolometer.
i feel attacked lmfao
Wow, this is one of the few very insightful things that I've ever watched in Youtube. If I ever got myself in a position of power, I do certainly hope that I remember this
So good!
You got to be an idiot to think jury is selected "at random".  They eliminate anyone with an opinion, and only pick BLM activists.
14:13 @metaforando does
This is amazing Michael; and I was soo touched by the beauty of this presentation that I was moved to tears. As that person who has no problem giving obscene amounts of effort for any trivial reasoning for the least important belief, the fact that 'good enough' to be self validated is as far as most are truly willing to go makes my apparent 'Memory Thievery' socially caustic... Unsettling, and cause to be often told 'You don't need a reason for everything...!'. Which the only decent, objective and truthful response is: ” You mean YOU don't need a reason for everything, I would at least like to nøt be condemned for finding value in trying to resolve them, nor shamed when I struggle to keep yours remaining consistent... ”. ¡¿Why do people find that soo unreasonable!?
What. A. Great. Video !!!  I wish everyone in the world could watch it.  Thank you for your hard work Michael.
2:59 Look  at them, they're GROOVIN'
ok, vsause michel is here, but what is, Here?
Shout out to Jack Saint for bringing me here. He's the real shit show if I say so myself.
These tests should be repeated with only INTP participants.
'In partnership with Bill Gates'. Oh dear. What have you done Michael? Have been an avid fan of yours for ages - but this is a step in the wrong direction. Publicising Gates' book and ideas is not what Vsauce is about. Get back to your old form - please.
Why isn't anyone talking about Jake Chudnow??? That synth on the last track tho  https://soundcloud.com/jakechudnow/turqoise
This video was brought to you by ABC Burgers 🍔🍔🍔
It's vissaus time!!!
Is vsauce even real?
Obviously Climate Change is a really important topic to tackle. But Bill Gates’ refusal to get rid of the intellectual property protections on COVID vaccines really ruins his reputation as someone who wants to save the Earth & its people
A couple of short statements:  Lottocracies can be really bad.  Experimentation bears more fruit than discussion.
So basically we are headed towards, or should be heading towards the type of civilization the Kree Empire has? Depending on some type of "Supreme Intelligence" which is a collective of the greatest minds in our history which one can converse with to access greater knowledge.
hey vsauce, michal  here
Main Take-aways: The Great Filter must be avoided. Rationality is ineffective without empathy. We all rationalize the opinions we already have, yes even me and you. Arguments should be discussions, not fights. Lottocracy is a more superior form of democracy because it encourages people to improve rather than be pandered to.
21:00 you start to talk about "jury's" and how they are unbiased. Which is true to some extent. They have no 'experts' 'teaching' them, they have two sides with differences in events, and they decide what seems most probable.  If you were to randomly select people and 'teach them by experts' about how to make the best decision, they will just repeat what the 'experts taught' you need people who have experience that was gain without their concent, life lessons. Coke-Cola could hire 'experts' to teach about water use in Africa, and Africans still don't want Coke there making soda, they want clean water.....  You make valid points, just don't forget people will exploit anything to gain an advantage. That you have to recognize to prevent it best you can, but it will always be there....
VSAUCE VIDEO LET'S GOOOOO
Hey what is this cool art that has been used as the thumbnail of this video? Can somebody share?
What if there was no god but the future people find a way to upload every dead person's conscience and that is the afterlife
Why do I get the impression that this is more of a warning than a content video. Creepy what may lie ahead.
A
Man there are some really deep channels on YT but Michael always makes me anxious as hell with his completely out of this world thought processes. I f*cking love it!
The point that we are able to programmed artificial mistakes or lies, we will be doomed
Respect
Missed you micheal!
About time!!!! 🤣
Ben Shapiro getting DESTROYED by Michael's Reasoning
very interesting video as always!
Lottocracy > Democracy.
Can you please make a video in the concept of God
The conclusion here seems to scream "Forums need to come back"  Instead of garbage like Twitter or akin websites.  I also like the idea of random "Debate Juries" it would really help cull corruption.
Was loving this until I saw Bill Gates’ name. Ew
“Or is it?”
See you in another year, Michael.
What I conclude "Robots (artificial intelligence) are humans with reasons (or statistics), thus humans without intuition"
Life has been confirmed by The military like what?!?
Like first, watch after.
And, see you next year..
Problem is. Taking decisions more or less unintuitively, thus going through reasoning (mistaken and biased or not) is exhausting. Especially in today's world, we are presented by so much choice that I assume that it is just a coping mechanism of our mind to not really reason about most of our decisions.
Social-Reasoning
Read Gustave LeBon's "The Crowd" and get back to me.
No clue what this dude is talking about. But v interesting.
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground
HEY, MIcheal, Vsauce here
All elephants are awesome. Michael is an elephant. Therefore, Michael is Awesome.   Nobody is perfect. I’m nobody. Therefore, I’m perfect.
Michael a digital legend
Vsauce knocked it out of the park AGAIN! This is so enlightening. I feel like the world needed this video to exist.
I don't know, man. This new V-Sauce topic and style is not my jam...
micheal for president
Michael, a big THANKS to you for your weird, brilliant, clear, and entertaining videos!
I wish YouTube had a superlike function because this video is superb. Love the time and energy you put into creating such informative and thought provoking content vsauce. 11/10.
A lot of thought has been provoked. One issue I have with the concept of lottocracy, is that it favors extroverts as they can better articulate and persuade. However, the smarter minds tend to also be the quieter voices (according to what my brain infered from my biased perception). Also: Damn you, Mary! Why are you so superfluous?
NEW VIDEO YOOOOOOOOOOOOOO LET'S GOOOOO
I think Michael is a based socialist.  And I have _great_ reasoning to think so.
Michael is going back to his roots. He's the friend you know would be fine to philosophize with on Friday midnight while toasty.
Bill Gates? You know he's evil right? Why is he buying up enormous amounts of farm land? He wants to control our food supply. Why?
2:55 : me and the boys vibing to the Kahoot theme song
Whoa, is time for my existential crisis?
the solution to the problem is AI so that evreything can be taken into consideration
Ngl... I kinda wanna see an episode of vsauxe explaining something via just not talking at all. Like from the first part or even a whole episode, just body language and visual cues
I enjoy vsause but... Hate to tell you folks, CO2 is not a pollutant...
“How do you solve a problem...” when you may be mistaken on what that problem is?
Everybody gangsta till the Vsauce theme starts playing
Oh god did I just hear sponsored by bill gates
10:32 ok but technically we’re assuming thet Peter is human, what if he’s a pet? We simple can’t know
Collective mind. It seems to be great. Thank you!
Chills.
Didn't Vsauce already do the magician with the faces thing???
hee's back!!
*I... am not... an elephant*
51 billion tons but we need it to be zero crap we all gone
One day Michael Stevens will be considered a great philosopher
Bill gates is an idiot and so if climate change. The climates been changing  since the beginning of time. The earth's fine. It's not going anywhere. It also doesn't give a fuck about a degree.
You are the kind of person that powers up brains and because of it, you must be protected. Thank you for your precious contribution to mankind and its knowable.
8:38 "erato-sthenes" I always pronounced it "Era-tos-thenes"
NEVER CLICKED SO FAST
Sorry, but Michael IS an elephant. It's an undisputable fact ;) Also, all elephants are awesome. Except Michael.
I'm worried Michael has become so insane he's lagging and bringing things from thin air
thanks for sending me into an existential crisis
Potential problem with the lottocracy: power is now purely structured in accordance with what people believe, rather than, as it is now, who they believe, and so advancing the technologies of propaganda becomes priority #1 on a lot of agendas
best channel ever
My mind is in my skull and you shall never question my intelligence because I have rickrolled 900M people
it's been too long Michael
sustainablility
Eren Jaegahh...
Loved it! Liked it!
Best video I've watched this year.  Or is it ???? *raised eyebrow*
This man just summarized the reason why we eventually may not be able to progress as a species (reinforced by our current political, environmental, disinformation problems) in 30 mins. We truly are our own obstacle. Bravo, sir!
Follow me on Instagram @naqeeb.31 ✌✌😍
ok but like what happens when the grand wizard of the klan gets nukes for a week
God ur good, this is too good
Not even six minutes in and I’m loving my classic VSauce music cues.
Is it just me, or does it sound like vsauce for president has a nice ring to it? 🤔
I think he's aging with the internet but backwards
this actually hit home for me, im concious of actually doing alot of the things mentiioned
My reason for watching this video is because we haven't saw him for months.  Is it a good reason?
5:45  finally
Hey Michael vsauce here
I now feel so important yet so insignificant
Comrade Michael
Our philosopher god Vsauce is back!
Vsauce: Hey Bill, can I borrow 1 billion dollars? Bill Gates: ... Vsauce: Haha never mind, just kidding... Or am I?? (looks suspiciously to the camera)
Kinda lame
I dont like this type of content - i don't need analytical retrospection, i want new information kind of content, one i dont already know and understand just from rational thinking. Also where's Chudnowsky's theme soundtrack... :(
Anything with bill gates in gets a dislike from me.
0:05 Where are you're fingers?
That ending was brilliant.
He sort of skimmed over that whole part about climate change and humans being the cause. There is still no good evidence that humans contribute in any significant way to the changing climate, and we're actually not experiencing more extreme weather events than the historical averages if you look at the objective data. If you don't believe me, look up the number of confirmed F3+ tornadoes or hurricanes in the US per year. The events we do see just get hyped up by the media more now. Same goes for things like crime and cop shootings. Those things are going down compared to historical averages, not up. But I guess when you partner up with Bill Gates, who became the richest man on Earth through intellectual theft and predatory marketing tactics, and who has zero background or authority in climate science, your integrity was never there to begin with.
The Return of the King
Came here expecting a video postulating the future of Riesens, the chocolate caramel candy. Very disappointed.
This video, just, this.
Hey Michael, Vsauce here Michael: 😳
I understand you tried your best to stay neutral but it clear this video is a veiled attempt at criticizing anybody who disagrees with the radical proposals to fight climate change (ceasing the use of all fossil fuels, eating no meat, imposing massive government control on every aspect of your life in the name of environmentalism, etc.). Bill Gates and many other of the world's elite believe they can be God and decide the fate of man and do so with the utmost conviction of the superiority of not only their intellect but also of their intent and morality. And the funniest thing is that all these critiques you made of the current state of reason (and how it is disintegrating) can be directly applied to people like Bill Gates who know little to nothing about actual climate science but yet are considered authorities on the subject   Here's what I think is plaguing reason: 1) lack of intellectual humility 2) lack of nuance    We fix those two things and maybe we won't have arrogant billionaires who claim to be experts on everything while also forecasting doomsday scenarios if we don't heed their fallible wisdom.
I’m sorry but when it comes to global problems like climate change,,,,I don’t think billionaires like bill gates have our best interest at heart
THE LEGEND CAME BACK
Such a good episode! I loved it. You've hit the target on this one. This is as close to the truth as we can get solely on reason- or so it looks like to me.  I can't imagine a better video against the current mass censorship, canceling and deplatforming of dissenting views in almost all area of contention. I can't imagine techocrats who censor being so wise as to know the right answer just because they disagree with someone who isn't in power, or has the opportunity to do the same to them.  I love our (planetary) democracy (where it exists) even more now. I'm not sold on the idea of random people guiding everyone. I don't trust those with the power to elect said random people to do it bias free, and even if we made a blockchain quantum machine to do it perfectly randomly- I still wouldn't trust that system. While all randomly selected people would have the opportunity to voice their reason and concerns, I'm worried that slick, silver tongued individuals would sway the group into doing what they think is right. 12 angry men comes to mind.
Nice to see you again Vsauce
Does anybody else miss that curious little "dun, dun" song that starts playing when Michael raises a plot twist question?
Would you please stop mispronouncing data? The singular is daytum. The plural is data (pronounced day-tah, not dat-dah).  I look forward to you correcting this in future videos. Thanks!
The pixies.
15:36 When a programmer gets told that he made a mistake in the code.
"What if we just picked people at random to lead us?" I'll be honest, having spoken to the average person pretty often, that sounds even scarier
I stopped watching when I saw the Bill Gates book. How much money does onr man need? Dude has one tenth of a trillion dollars yet he's still selling books because somehow the money he's got isn't enough.
https://youtu.be/2fO5qdw_ckQ
Michael for President!
wowo
The outros always leave me feeling an existential dread
AYYYYYE VSAUCE RELEASED A VIDEO ABOUT REASONING ON MY 21ST BIRTHDAY
Crazy ass theory for a utopia, when reality has it so that power curropts absolutely.
Very exciting video. I hope the ideas presented in this video will be realized in the future. This video needs to be shared.
Vsauce says the answer is yes, but no and also it depends
Partnered with bill gates? 🤢
This video looks scripted by climate terror activists, with just the face of vsauce
I can feel my brain expanding while watching this video
Yes the mob is always right and correct. vsauce is bought out by Bill Gates
How much were you payed by Bill Gates?
I have been waiting for the secret “SAUCE”video tutorial for year's but all I got is “V”
He finally remembered his password
Love the message here, but the partnership with Bill Gates, one of the world's most powerful men, feels hypocritical : /
I second that idea of having that type of government it's genius. Where corruption cannot Thrive if it doesn't have a foundation
12:38 ahhhhh yes i missed that music
Philosophy needs to be a class mandatory from middle school onwards.
You definitely convinced me, great video!
Homework: Create a social media app that does not confine people into social bubbles.
The biggest problem with the idea of a lottocracy would be that the campaigns used to sway popular opinion through propoganda would be way more effective and happen way more often
well
Not all elephants are awesome. Micheal is not an elephant.  But still, Micheal is awesome! Woha, mind blown!
You really do hurt my mind at times, sir. However, I LOVE it. Always food for thought
Excellent, stimulating, and thought provoking video as always. Thank you Michael and VSauce
I'd vote on Michael to rule this world
I give up, i dont get it..
This man connected the human mind with weather in less than 5 minutes
Not such a significant (or reasonable) topic, if common present reasoning has tanked significantly, to unimaginable lows (the proverbial infinity), on the internet and outward from there since 2015 or so. But it's just consistent if you then focus on "future reasoning" to gain views...
Deliberative Democracy is the solution!!!That’s what we advocate for in Extinction Rebellion: legally binding Citizens’ Assemblies. The only thing is, how can you make it happen as quickly as it needs to? As far as I can see, the only way is via mass non-violent direct action by the public...
Why are we so arrogant to think that earth 🌎 being inhabitable for us is the way it should be?  What if we're just a glitch?  We've only been here a nanosecond in relation to the existence of the planet. 🌍
The Climate Card has been sneaked in to trick us!  Do not be fooled folks.  Please pay attention!
2:40, so the Unabomber was right
Very interesting shame the scum bag politician won’t let this come to fruition
Fun fact: Bill Gates was instrumental in slowing the development of COVID vaccines by preventing open science initiatives in favour of protecting intellectual property rights! Now he's paying off YouTubers like Vsauce and Veritasium to do PR for him, while continuing to protect his own interests. Wheeeeeeeee!
My mind is constructing reasons for why I loved every minute of this video. I let him gladly.
Probably the quickest 1 million views from a well-liked youtuber.
i don't get everything you say bt i enjoy your video a lot, you're definitely one of the kind in the youtube <3
Vsauce is just existential crisis and that’s it
Bam
Ha, the answer to the Peter, Paul and Mary puzzle IS "Not enough information" BECAUSE we cannot with the information given be completely sure that Mary is a person. Mary might be a pet or a roomba.
25:25 man how i missed that track
All Vsauce videos are in some way about thinking and perception. Is Michael a philosopher?
thats an intresting idea vsauce on 27:00 think you just came up with a new form of government maybe the best form of government.
If the internet gets deleted for some reason some day in the future, I hope Vsauce gets to be preserved in a museum or something. Perhaps one of the most important (if not THE most important) YouTube channel to date.
What's up with his watch being on and off non-stop?!?! Drove me crazy.
Lol, just a tootie image.
I can't believe anyone is mad at this video, it's completely reasonable wtf.
The king has returned. Where are my fingers.
As always, great video.
God I love this channel…
Why don't we make a test lottocracy that deals with smaller problems, see if it actually works, and if it does, scale it up?
I've always enjoyed your little videos and admired you greatly, but this last one is a deal killer, I wish you the best of luck with the rest of your life and I hope you make better decisions in the future, thank you for all that you've given...!
Genuinely a very brilliant video, everyone expects this quality from vsauce but I feel like sometimes we take it for granted, this video highlights and describes a niece but incomprehensibly important aspect of the social psyche perfectly. A lot of people could learn a lot from this video, including myself. Thank you Vsauce, your work and effort is spectacular.
I do not understand
Who clicked because of the cool thumbnail?
People from both sides of political spectrum will get this video and create reasons why Michael is justifying why they are right and the others are wrong
We really can't avoid the climate disaster. We could have, 30 years ago. But now? The greenhouse gases already in our atmosphere will already cause a disaster. Nothing can stop that now. Your Prius can't save you.
Now there's a frightening thought. If "the mind" and "reason" are made up of collections of information and people then we are truly doomed - witness what is happening as ever larger collections of people have ever greater access to communication! Eek! Empathy and responsibility are absolutely not common characteristics of human beings and never the characteristics of groups... or mobs.
Was it just me or did anyone else try to solve the logic puzzle by thinking of it as a play on words?  Mary (a Mary'd person) looks at Peter (not Mary and therefore an un-Mary'd person). Hence a married person is looking at an unmarried person.
i've reasoned u shld upload more frequently x
We release 52 billion tons of such harmful gas every year, And... we need to make that zero.
Consider Anarchism.
Applause !!
The background music sounds like sailing on the seas of Valheim
The king is back
I know many people say this but your videos have such good production.
having to use 'reasons' to justify something usually means ya not doing quite the right thing keep shinin tho
(following on from my previous comment) the 'truth', or 'the right decision' then becomes obvious
2:15 that seems like a mistake. an understatement? did he mean in the last two years or months?
If we want Lottocracy to be implemented, then we need to stop proposing it as an alternative to Democracy because that runs into the status quo bias roadblock described earlier in this video. Instead, we need small institutions like schools and community organizations and local governments to "pilot" Lottocracy many times and build a groundswell of organic support from members of these small institutions.   Over time, if these little Lottocracies perform to the liking of their constituents, there will be a rise in demand for Lottocracy at national levels - this gradual "let's just try it out" approach circumvents strong status quo inertia that would otherwise make people defensive of their current oligarchy (which they general think is a democracy).
Michael: 14:12 Aspies: *Surprised Pikachu face*  Edit: What Michael describes is literally what I do in these situations lol
You lost me at Bill Gates. Not a philosopher. He has ideas that are terrifying and are void of philosophy.
My awesome-ometer went carzy while watching this!
Lottocrazy
28:14  SUPER BASED
10:00 SOLUTION is kinda wrong. it depends on what kind of answer you want. if you want to find the correct answer between all them sentences, then yes. answer will always be yes because either peter is looking at unmarried marry or married marry looking at unmarried paul. but if you had to answer the fact itself not choose one of the sentences, but all of them combine, you could not answer the question.
Recently became a proponent of Sortition-type government. Crazy to see VSauce has also picked up the idea.
Congrats boys, you have done it , he's alive!
The official rationality dialogue is axiomatically misaligned, but I believe creators like this are a positive force in aligning the system from the inside. But there are a lot of problematic default assumptions here from my perspective. Still, I can reason why. Blessed be 🙏✨❤
Hey I was wondering if anyone had a playlist of vsauce playlist of videos that are easy to understand, very basic concepts that a child could grasp, or even a similar channel tailored to a younger audience?   I would love to show my little brother videos like these, I love vsauce and have been watching for years so I would love to be able to watch these videos with my little brother cause he also loves science and especially space stuff (he’s 6 and he knows all about our solar system and practically knows all of the draft planets and other less well known stuff, all of which he taught himself, I’m so proud of him he’s so intelligent, he watches David Attenborough nature videos every morning before school because he likes to use his iPad in the morning but he’s not allowed to play games on it before school because like most kids he gets upset when he loses lol)  He was doing a space project at school and had to ask a question about space, obviously most kids think space is cool but they don’t spend their time researching stuff to do with it unlike him, so when other kids where asking questions like “why is Mars red?” (A very valid question you’d expect from a 6 year old) my brother was asking “why does the dwarf planet [X] have [X] amount of moons when earth only has one?” (idk remembering name it had like weird letters and numbers in it or something, I also don’t remember how many moons it had, I’m a bad sister ik)  But that just goes to show his intelligence level, obviously he’s just like any other normal dumb kid but when he likes something he’ll do research on it and can understand the topic far better than the average kid in his age range but he’s still a kid so a video like this one would be very confusing to him, I showed him the gyroscope video and he loved it cause I also have him a gyroscope, a very cheap plastic one that he broke in 5 minutes (I managed to fix it tho) so that probably helped with his interest and I’d love to maybe get him a Curiosity Box for his next birthday in October (if I can afford it that is)   Sorry for the long message I hope someone can send me in the right direction:))
Interesting topic. Unfortunately you got a pretty high number of statements wrong (either directly or by generalization), which is untypical for your videos.
The social theory of reasoning would also explain that those which lack social initiation encoded (such as in ASD) would require more external reasoning in order to maintain being seen as homogeneous, in doing so growing that capacity and being seen more “logic based” as many do describe. Foolish to think it a “gift” though, much more a curse. The hegemony does not much agree with that of pure reason, of the basis of indoctrination undone by those else, they cannot much see the innate problems of the encode, group think of course comes down to majority rule. Why shouldn’t we look at existence as a puzzle? Sure it opposes the encode’s simple goal but we are never going to solve it otherwise, perpetuity of problems, life is fault. Neutralisation or transcendence - extraneous, accidental or voluntary. An inevitability no? I’d like to think there were those of greater hope, however I haven’t seen the reason for those yet if they exist.
wow, this is the best vsauce video so far!
The future of reason might be the past of reason??? Can someone elaborate
where are your fingers v2
damn our man read some anarchist literature
EVERYONE ON THE PLANET QUICK WATCH THIS
5:05 kurzgesagt moment
Vsauce said monarchy bad
A soft propaganda for Bill Gates... unfortunate that money can buy almost anything  First Veritassium..now Vsauce...
FINALLY
I  Am Not An  Elephant
Micheal I don't know if you'll see this but I've been thinking along similar but ill-defined lines. I've had a related project brewing in the back of my mind that's been revitalised.
FUCKIN paid ad video and he doesnt flag it as such. Low point for Vsauce
Unfortunately "the crowd" is ruining everything, cancel culture is so stupid, Twitter is full of people looking to argue over stupid shit, Elections are broken as both sides try to be the best liar. "The crowd" is very dangerous today as just cus a lot of people say something, does NOT mean they are right. Some people really want to take away free speech in America, some people want certain words to classed as so bad that they are able to put you in prison, so stupid, who gets to decide what words are in that class? They have their own biases. Platforms like Twitch are so broken, banned for the silliest things, some words again being banned like "Blind" as one person started crying on Twitter as he had nothing better to do, in fact, it seems complaining about almost anything on Twitter and companies fall to their knees before those on Twitter. The world is so fucked.
Wisdom of the crowd? i always feel the opposite with big masses of people. they start to act together and that makes the blob stupid. cognitive inertia becomes so great that almost nothing can stop it.   we see this is in: climate change, car economy, capitalism, war, war on drugs, racism.........  yes there are opposites like: manage to fight deseases, social system, schools, roads, cities.  but there are on the small scale. so i think the bigger the blob the more intertia it has and wont stop.
Micheal is the human embodiment of your brain at 3 am
Title: The Future Of Reasoning   Content: Michael is an Elephant
Micheal whenever he uploads : "Kept you waiting, huh?"
Unless you have cooked using both tofu and brains keep that opinion to yourself.
"It would be a waste of time and cognitive resources to construct grand slam reasons for everything I said and did" Did you hear that brain!? You said something weird ten years ago, SHUT! UP!
Another Great Filter is billionaires like Bill Gates’ peers hoarding wealth (-:
The organ responsible... (reaches under table) was a bit odd.
1.1m views in 19hrs. Nope.. Not popular. 😉
Absolutely loved this video
Best one in a long time, Michael. A lot to think on here!
Where s your magnificent beard, my man.
Dislikes: 0 *Mentions Bill Gates* Dislikes: 2.7k         (I love Bill Gates, no hate to him personally)
Can anyone link the music at 17:43 cause i cant find it anywhere
Where is your mind? The sequel to Where are your fingers?
Soooo.... Lottocracy 2022?
Good Luck! Your Big Corporation Overlords are Doing There Very Best to Shut Down Reasoning🙃
Micheal does not know ABC burgers actually exist
God’s first command to mankind was to be fruitful and multiple, this is reasonable, then Jesus said to love your neighbor and enemy, that’s empathy to pass the Great Filter. We just need to recognize that we are smaller than God and depend on Him! Truth and Spirit, Emotion and Logic, in balance!   Love the thought provoking Vsauce video!
Very cool ideas put a lot of people to decide something, what could go wrong right.....but in conclusion humans needs to be exterminated completely, we are a plague in this planet, everything works so perfectly but here we r fucking everything just because we are rational with our fucking excuses and need to "evolve"....
This guy wants to start a revolution and you can be sure I'll be in it.
what a fantastic video
the moment bill gates came up i knew i was listening to a far left propaganda video. no thanks
'The universe is not like a puzzle-box that you can take apart and put back together again and so solve its secrets. It is a shifting, uncertain thing which changes as you consider it, which is changed by the very act of observation. A powerful man is not a man who dissects the universe like a puzzle box, examining it piece by piece and measuring each piece with scientific precision. A powerful man has only to look upon the universe to change it.' -Techno-Magos Gaelos
I really like the idea of bringing random citizen to speak with politicians I really think this should have been done sooner but nobody seem to care about that even myself I don't really listen to politics and maybe that's bad what do you it's think
i have solution for you   -- LISEN TO CHOMSKY ADVICE FOR  DEMOCRACY AND KAPITALISM  -- hmm and you have solution   BUT  THE PROBLEM IS RICH PEPOLE
I would just be careful with the climate change thing to not pin everything on the consumer. Oftentimes the average consumer knows nothing of the true costs of the things they have to choose from, and the only thing they really have to go off of is price.  21:30 Hate to break it to you, but under capitalism, we kind of do 😬  Like, actually, the biggest decisions these days are made by a small number of billionaire CEOs and boards of directors.  All of these mechanisms of decentralized power that you propose are great, but we need them to not only regulate corporations, but to directly control them as well.
Just imagine the responsibility of educating millions of people, young and old, and sowing the seeds of wisdom into each of their minds for it to bloom one day in the future.   You may not need to know how to fix a car, or practice medicine, or vulcanise rubber, but thank you Michael for all that you have done for this world!
wisdom of the crowd: Socrates to drink poison!
5:45 oh shit
I have a personal beef with about 2661 people.
Plot twist: Micheal is secretly a follower of tzeentch
Vsauce for president of the world
Michael's mom: Giving birth to Michael Doctor: It's a boy! Michael: But what is a boy? *vsauce music plays*
I just read a chapter about reasoning in "The pig that wants to be eaten" and he uploads this video. I loved this !!
Hmm. Food for thought.
Michael for President.
Vsauce buddy you mind explaining to me how every time you release a new video it's somehow related to something in my personal life? Little freaked out that you started talking about syllogisms only a few weeks after my deductive argument unit in my philosophy class.
The average of an unbiased crowd is a good conclusion. The average of a heavy manipulated crowd is not a good conclusion. I see two problems in our era: the manipulation capabilities of the power and the cultural attack to the intellect.
MY MUSIC WILL BE HEARD ON THE RADIO ONE DAY 👨🏼‍🎤🎶🎙🔥
And it's famously known that randomnes is the easiest thing to get.
U work with the devil bill gates so you're too
Vsauce! We here
Man, its just... So good..
Are we an ant hill?
No u
22:40 "It is becoming easier and easier to simply be a lone listener, justifying only a particular viewpoint without doing the harder work of deliberating and acting"  I like to believe michael also cringes at Twitter and is subtly calling it out.
I started debating because of the internet 😄 fun
Heyaaaaaa, i waited for another video😁
We need more empathy  Psychedelics : allow us to introduce ourselves
This video is terrible, it's literally approaching the climate catastrophe as a "puzzle to solve" (as it was rightfully mentioned in the video as being not good) , when it's actually a political issue that has solutions if the likes of Bill Gates stop being so greedy. It's gaslighting people into thinking that "surely the great billionaires (Bill Gates and such) and scientists have a solution to the problem", when in fact they're the ones causing the problem. I actually liked the video and the ideas mentioned in it the first time I watched it, but that collaboration with Bill Gates was a huge red flag so I watched it once more with a grain of salt and that was all it took to make me realise how irresponsible this video is. It's shameful.
Yes! Vsauce! Love to see a new video!
yay
You know when you see the eyebrow perk up and the "bong", you are about to get your knowledge on (5:48)
Lottocracy actually sounds incredible. I would like to see how a society like that would be.
Giving reasons why and how we use reasoning while using reasoning to reason other reasons as an example for the original form of reasoning.
Is it just me or does Micheal get weirder every video I’ve been watching him for years and he just seems to 1up himself every time
For a second there I thought he was switching to doing the shorts 😅
Absolutely fantastic video. I truly hope people take this as a learning opportunity, a lesson for life that we hold ALL knowledge available until this point, for the first time in history and that it is now our time to chose what we do with it. Do we evolve and harness it? or do we continue on this path of inevitability.   I hope with all my being that we chose the latter.
OMG Michael found the password of the original channel!!!
We need more empathy  Psychedelics : allow us to introduce ourselves
If I had to choose between two similar products and they have same price but one has more qualities even though I dont use them, I'll get it because of better value for money lol. Never know when you might use them for some purposes.
Let’s be honest here,  Vsauce would be the best teacher, he’d come into class from the ceiling and say his intro.
The vsause music is actually so great
More concrete doesn't mean quality of life is increasing. Quality of life is often lowest in places with the most concrete. 21:15 The wisdom of the crowds? What are you talking about? More like the tragedy of the commons, the pareto principle, mob rule. 80% of work comes from 20% of people (or less). 23:45 This is supposedly a critique of reason, and yet you're assuming that ideas you presupposed to be unpopular, unconvincing, or nonsensical are such when there may be information you haven't integrated into your reasoning. 27:50 History is made by a few great people, and this is true across millennia (Alexander the Great, Napoleon, Caesar). The reality is very few have the ability to lead with excellence and competency to overwhelming victory, usually only a handful within a generation, if that, and fewer who actualize it. The best strategy to secure resources (materials as well as political power), for the majority of people, is to find the most competent leader and be fiercely loyal to them.
Ew bill gates. Don’t like him.
EA when they release a buggy game 15:37
Sadly this would require the rich and those in power to give that power to the masses....
"Its just the Brain is made out of meat...the brain does the thinking...the meat."
Lottocracy would be great, good luck changing the system of greedy individuals in positions of power. They would rather kill than let go of control=our human downfall.
After all these years of watching your videos, you never fail at provoking my mind.
Great video as always, but I trust Bill Gates about as much as my opinion matters to him.
I feel like the function argument neglects that the options without functions are becoming more sparse, like when I wanted a large tv that wasn't "smart", I wish I could've bought a tv for cheaper that wasn't all wifi connected but, I couldn't without sacrificing 30 inches or more.
HE BACK
7:19  This is something we study in the Spiritist doctrine. The goal is to find a balance in the intelectual and moral growth.
Why is bill gates the guy who made microsoft, acting like the expert about climate change and disease. I know he funds experts to help with these but he is not an expert, yet he acts like one, his channel is filled with it. He goes on TV and talks about it, he does not know everything about it but hes acting like he does.
This Michael dude is so smart, he would be a great leader and should decide everything for us!
One of the rare channels where I can stand a 30 minute video
this channel might be a classic 100 years from now.
This was exactly what I needed...thanks Mike you've been my fav youtuber for 7years now
nice
"If a hammer is meant for smashing things, why can it be used to measure my yard?"  ... Because how you use a tool is a seperate thing than what the tool might be best at or designed for? Of course you can use reason, a tool, to do things other than arrive at the truth. That doesn't mean it's not the function of reason to find truth.
Long have I waited...
Change the word "reason" with "purpose" and this whole thing sounds like an Agent Smith speech
Fantastic video.
Such a reasonable video
I was feeling bad and saw that vsauce uploaded. Thank you
A lottocracy sounds awesome! I’m only afraid of one aspect: mob rule, which is the same reason total democracies fail.  If we can get passed that, and the fact that people in the counsel could be manipulated for their votes, a lottocracy could be perfect.
Propaganda that avoids the actual causes of these problems, presents the argument that it's somehow everyone's fault when clearly some people are more responsible for this problem than others, and the sponsor of this video is in collaboration with said people - ensuring that the problem never actually gets fixed. This video is designed to spark the feeling of you wanting do 'something', and conveniently the person with the 'solution' has already been presented, but all it's really doing is trying to get you to want to give the big G more autonomy, money, and control over you.
Ok, but gimme some of does ABC BURGERS
Clubhouse really makes you ponder on the reasoning of some people
His enunciation of P’s and B’s will knock you over if you are standing in front of him! 😃😃
i dont like these kinds of topics. mainly because of the one single argument that will always prevail. we've doomed ourselves with the hyper-capitalistic society we have created. as long as own profit is the main goal for the people with the most power, we will never succeed
Humanity is passing through this Great Filter right now. I do not support Bill Gates or his work, but I believe we are all working towards what we perceive as the best possible timeline in our own way and I respect that. Blessed be 🙏🙏🙏
It's a crime against humanity that this isn't #1 on trending. Look at all the other garbage on that list. It's an embarrassment that Youtube promotes music videos for shitty pop songs and literal clickbait over Vsauce.
14:13  Interestingly, this is a lot like what I consciously used to think when I was younger. I have Autism and I had to learn a lot of things that would be intuitive to most other people
"I ... Am not an elephant" Add another clip to the soundboard boys!
Damn you Michael, for giving me hope. Now when all goes to shit I will be sad
Bruh I just saw this video climb from 7th to 6th most trending video
5:26 - Since when "in partnership with him and his team" has become a euphemism for "SPONSORED" ?!
“Whether or not a species can extend their empathy might be a great filter”.  Good video; however, I worry about the power of the subconscious being driven by efforts to avoid stress, anxiety, and discomfort. People can easily reason for their own benefit, but few from the crowd will adequately use empathy to reason for the less fortunate and future generations.
29:30 My final boss theme must be a bop. The Ancient demands it.
can't wait for 2031 for new vsauce video to come out
It always knows when i take a hit. Vsauce appears, i click, get scared and come back when i'm sober.
3:45 0 point Tesla tech in alignment with collective and personal spiritual growth. Love you, Michael 💜🤙🐻‍❄️🤙✨
Yay, vsause!!!
SO GLAD THIS IS 30 minutes
YES
What an fascinating persepective you have shown.
I'm 14 and this is deep lol  Edit: /s
11:43 I suppose in the future someone could invent a device that measures the brain activity to see how awesome something is, it is still a subjective experience though
Hi Michael, great to see you :)
It took Bill friggin' Gates to get this man back on youtube.
Walter White says no to reason. Typical.
Lottocracy wouldn't work in real life. It would be abused by wealthy lobbyists.
👌🏻👌🏻👌🏻
Micheal you are wrong. Just because you can put the right words it doesn’t mean you can create an illusion. Illusions are entertainments. With a question there must be a problem pre defined. Without a definitive problem, all arguments are correct and incorrect at the same time but what are ambiguous answers useful for. Give a definitive problem and there are no illusions. Hence you are wrong.    P.S.  prove me wrong and i will continue watching this video.
I appreciate the descriptive aspects of the video, and I appreciate the acknowledgment that the biological origins of reasoning are not a guide for how reasoning ought to serve us today. However, I think the prescription at the end is entirely unconvincing. Basically, people suck at reasoning on the whole and have a countertendency towards faulty reasoning often, therefore we should empower random, uneducated members of the population in the hope that they will take it upon themselves to exercise their reasoning effectively now that they have been given so much responsibility, despite the fact that people have a tendency towards self-interest in our current society and yet people can’t even exercise their reasoning in a way to best benefit themselves, why should we assume they would take up the mantle of reasoner once put in power? Apparently power no longer corrupts, but actually purifies. People need to becoming more engage in doing good reasoning, but putting randomly selected people into power, whom we have determined are on average bad at good reasoning, seems ridiculous to me. It seems like you want to just advocate direct democracy based on the point about populations reaching closer to the best or most true solutions, and are unsatisfied with representative democracy because it attempts this but fails due to special interests corrupting the empowered. If we take this assumption to be true, I see no reason why this wouldn’t equally apply to randomly selected people in power. And if you want to say they ought to be kept secret so as to avoid outside influences that might corrupt them, then it seems hard to get the population to feel as though the people in power would be held accountable for the decisions. Apart from the prescription that is fraught with problems at the end, I think the rest of the video is good and portrays things pretty well. I do not at all buy that random people would step up to task though
1:56 Or is it ?    Moon men (Vsauce theme) did'nt play     :(
One word to answer the question at 4:00 = Anarchism
Mikey trying to explain the Chauvin verdict 😁
Nice, another Vsauce video Time to have an existential crisis after watching it
if reasoning is so great, how come there not be reasoning 2
*Clicks video* ''Oh shit, interesting'' 5:43 ''OH SHIT!'' ''Here we go!''
Michael is awesome though, so it works.
Michael, these video's of yours..they touch me in a way some music does. It's this thing, some things in my life really move me, it's like being present, yet no really aware, not tinking, but full of thought, and then this feeling of understanding, connection and a weird kind of melancholy. Hard to put into words really:) It can happen to me when I listen to music, when I dance, sometimes in nature. But not really with video's that much. Especially ones explaining things. But yours does. It definately is the combination of things: How you do the storytelling..pauzes you take, intonation, the music plays a big part, the subject of course. Well however it is, it touches me and I enjoy it.I've watched so many of them, and will watch and rewatch in the future.  Thank you for making these! t from Amsterdam
..... Or is it?
Aaaaaahh V-sauce, good to see you old friend.
HE POSTED
Everything's cool till the thumbnail gets mirrored.
Bro I’m crying
I have the same chair as Vsauce hell yea
Yooooo Ikea chair
welcome back michael
My reasons to watch this channel were justified
If this ain’t propaganda i don’t know what is
I’m gonna tell my kids this was Bill Nye
Got a shiny mewtwo in leafgreen after 1880 resets while watching this video. Just logging it here don’t mind me.
And so the Great Filter will likely claim another.
if history is the great teacher, then he's been telling us a lot of "what not to do's"
When did we abandon reason for madness?!
vsauce posted and i'm just happy :D
I have always like my conclusions, but I have seen that is not really me trying to get to the right conclusion is more trying to convince people of the conclusion I already had.
5:48 I waited almost 6 minutes for this
This literally describes the existential crisis I've been having over the past few years. Wow
I agree with the larger point Michael is making about the superiority of group reasoning, but didn’t Brexit happen from the exact situation Michael proposes at the end of the video? Where the masses make a vote on a decision, rather than a few politicians, after professionals present their reasons to those masses? I’m worried that the media is just as likely to create harmful, misinformed bias in the masses as lobbyists are to create bias in politicians. Please, correct me if I’m wrong. Social reason with me
This video is my political opinion
Summary : We're fucked. And there's nothing you can do.  Saved you half an hour.
shaved beard!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This is a video highlighting ‘Blink’ by Malcom Gladwell.
There are judicial juries. Can there be legislative juries?
I think i shat my pants at that outro. I love you michael
5:47 Goosebumps
Im so glad your able to stay out of politics
Oh no, hes partnered with Bill Gates, now you cant trust anything he says I bet this comment will disappear so quick lol welcome to 1984
This is the most important video of 2021.
https://youtu.be/dgP-TTpEMPQ
Work together good   Fight each other bad
Thank you for your time and commitment!
Huh. Maybe we should make an independent lottocracy each year, that gives a recommendation to the government on how to deal with the 10 most debated issues at that time.
Michael is just Carl Sagan for today. What a great video!
"Why do you trust everything Michael says?" "Dunno, it's just my intuition"
Michael is an awesome elephant. Change my mind
30 Min of peaceful
Looks like somebody read Bill Gates' climate change book
"Teamed up with Bill Gates" translates to "Bill Gates made me an offer I couldn't refuse to spread his propaganda". Very disappointing. 😞
"The world is not a logic puzzle."  Hmmm very interesting
0:02 Looks like we got a sequel to the meme "Hey Vsauce, Michael here. Where are your fingers?"
You know it's getting serious when the theme song kick in
"I am not an elephant" - Vsauce 2021
therapy: expensive vsauce: free
This is by far the best explaination of human psychology that i have ever seen.  It made me wonder about all the choices, my approach and my knowledge at each of those choices.   Too good
New Zelda releases appear more often than VSauce vids these days
If DDS continue to procreate, then there's no future for reason.
I don't know about others but they will definitely recreate Michael in the future.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=n2aThPijDTw
Putting out a video where you collaborate with Bill Gates is some pretty bad timing
my mind is here vsauce you know that
Another video that makes you question the sanity of vsause presenter...
I missed the way you say “zero” you crazy boi!
rng country
VSAUUUUUUUUUCCCCCCCEEEEEEEEEEEEE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Vsauce kinda spittin today even more than usual
14:18   Is this a "normal" thing I'm too autistic to understand?
It's either Curiosity box or a mountain of cash.
Mgs2 and this video go hand to hand so well
This thumbnail is awesome :o
“No, I am not an elephant.”
Yes
"It was worth the wait."  - Gaben
Lottocracy sounds pretty tight tho fr 👀
One of the most important videos on Youtube!
VSAUCE UPLOADED YEAHHHH
12:33 has GOD programmed us to be bad at reasoning then 😅!  Also, bad relative to what?
This changed my outlook on alot of things. Thank you Vsauce
I like the idea that people could deliberate to create consensus but, I find in the internet age, that emotion undercuts reason. Higher thinking is almost becoming illegal. "Follow me or you are not WOKE! My opinion matters because I am more WOKE than you! Be like me!" That kind of stance fails to move anything further than a standstill. I crave discussion. I learn from it. I am enhanced by it. It's a shame that good honest deliberation is becoming rare.
Yeet
Finally, a defense of civil discourse, what The Enlightened wanted.
Science jesus has returned for yet another lesson
and i thought the banach-tarski paradox video messed me up, great job!
holy shit....
Lottocracy, because living one bad roll of the dice from extinction sounds interesting 😂
"I am not an elephant" Micheal sighed with a hint of sorrow in his eyes.
Pray for INDIA 🇮🇳🙏
Michael! I missed you!!!
I don't usually comment on videos, but the lotocracy idea is sticking with me. I think a lot of the reasons Michael pointed out are pretty convincing, but it might be worth strengthening them for me at least. I don't have all day to come up with strong counter points, but I am wondering about why leaders elected by a lottery can't be won over once they assume a position of power. While the idea of corporations being forced to cozy up to everyone is appealing, I don't see why they can't just single out the leaders that are chosen as they come into power.   Also, I would think there are issues with being able to choose just anyone. While no one can possess all knowledge and wisdom, as this video points out, people ought to have some strength when it comes to reasoning. How would you deal with chosen leaders who have especially incoherent ideas or those who might have some mental disability? In those cases, you would now have to separate people who are eligible for a lottery and those who aren't, and that could lead to some very un-democratic practices.   Again, these are just some thoughts and I know that a lottocracy is not being presented as the end-all solution, but this video inspired me to engage in some "deliberation" in the comments section.
This guy went from making clickbait internet goofy videos to revolution society
i squelched at work when i saw the notification im so hyped rn
Relax, the woke mob has everything figured out.
Biannual existential crisis in 321.....
Lottocracy also makes sense from the perspective of statistics. If your sample is chosen truly at random, the results are much more likely to adequately represent the population.  Conversely, if you have the same people always making decisions (for example, elected officials who only rotate out every few years), it is possible, even likely, that they do not adequately represent the population. For example, I think many people may be in favor of lowering the wages of elected officials, but elected officials wouldn't want that. Thus, the government makes a decision that does not reflect the interests of the average citizen.
how come the second I read the description and I see in partnership with bill gate you say this video is in partnership with bill gate
Hey michael, you are wrong, society needs leaders, if you are reasoning for luck to be used to govern society you are reaching a point that you dont know what you are talking about and you can't even admit it to yourself
1:24 Vsauce has to show at the YouTube SCOMMUNITY that he is a goood servant👍 But what is the....     REASON❓ 👇
I bestow upon this video the greatest honor i can give... watching while i eat dinner.
Ahhhh, so refreshing. Been a while :D
Something about Michael's videos just make you feel like you just got home after a week long business trip. Just comfortable and relaxing.
couldnt wait for vsauce to hop on the green gaga train
This is really a good video, helps everyone. You are doing something great here Vsauce :)
More like sponsored by Bill Gates. So the reasoning is bias. Because ole Bill wouldn't want you to think for yourself. Humans also have destroyed themselves for thousands of years because of reasoning. The Paul,Mary,Peter question. People really got that wrong? I don't understand how.
The future of "reasoning" is bleak for any scientific mind to ponder. Look at the general American public. Tattoos, piercings, 25 different colors of hair, whiny, bitchy, entitled, spiteful, prideful, and self-serving. And that's half of the boomers anymore. The adults have left the planet. The fact that there is ANYONE that says it's "not science to identify specific genders" should tell you that "reasoning" is dead. That's just one subject. Abortion out of convenience to the mother, is reasonable? Lithium mining to produce batteries (that get charged by coal and fossil fuel power stations) being called "GREEN" is reasonable? Shipping kids off to college to create life-crushing debt before they have proven that they can even hold a job or have even a shred of work-ethic, is reasonable? Teaching millions of children that they came from primordial soup, by way of accidental explosion and their lives have absolutely zero meaning...That's reasonable, right? Nah bro. When "reasoning" is another virtue signal word that is "claimed" by the right or left paradigm, it's unreasonable.
I am now a lottocrat. Thank You Michael.
Why do the captions not match what he is saying? It's very distracting and confusing
Kinda makes me wonder. If we intuitively come to conclusions and then reason for them afterward then it sounds like the core things that motivate us would be beyond our conscious understanding, just as automatic as our visual processing. If that’s the case then how would a human behave if the opposite were true? If we could reason without our biases and automatically followed information to its conclusion without preconceptions then what would we do? Would we still want things? Would we still have preferences? Would anything within us motivate us forward? Or would we just be machines evaluating the information we encountered but unable to form our own goals, more like a computer?
this video is giving me headache
“Smart things that smart people have done which are smart and makes other people smart” - some smart person
Then I read "Bill Gates". Ok bye
Lottocracy is open to manipulation of corporations into public schooling and media to make popular opinions that are good for them. Maybe not as much as ehat we have today.
So gald Vsauce is back!!
#Yanum1dreadhead
Its been far too long. Thank you.
How does he have so many phones lol
each of us should be more vulcan at life
something doesn't sit right with a billionaire telling us how we can fix the world without any mention of him expropriating his wealth to those who need it. this completely failed to examine the intersection of class and income inequality in the world and how that impacts climate.
Ooooooooo, where is my mind?
The squishy grey lump, powered by electricity doesn't always work
it is a nice idea, but what if the lottery gathers 10 people who have all a bad way of thinking and make a decision that is bad
Where is my mind? Way out in the water!
Babe, Vsauce posted
Or maybe human reasoning, is just an odd phenomena, and not a common rule of evolution?
Twas a nice psychology/science/political/philosophy/history class would love similar content where you mix every subject & topic in existence with that art of yours.
Michael should start an OnlyFans
It’s crazy how much Vsauce has shaped my thoughts and me as a person.
VSAUUUCE
Vsaus
F...k Bill Gates. Still loove u Mike. But never again
Michael isn’t an elephant???? WTF??? I am OUTRAGED AT THIS INFORMATION
It’s my birthday tomorrow say happy birthday to me 🎂 🥳
This is literally what i talked about with my friend while eating mushrooms
Every time I watch a Vsauce video, I have this instinctual need to get up and clap when it gets over
I once met a wise Roman in a tent some years ago. He had taught me the merits of his people and the people I made my allies. He taught me of his reasons, he told me of his ideologies, of his Thesis and the Antithesis that was my own beliefs. And he taught me of his purpose, of my purpose, to become the predecessor of a great Synthesis, an ideology borne of conflicts of reason and a deliberation made in ceaseless debate.   I then taught him what it feels like to be on the wrong end of an Anti-Materiel rifle when the chamber was loaded with a 50cal explosive round and the trigger was pulled. Across the Colorado River is a fine red paste where a man's head was once filled with dire ambition.  But even now, I still heed his words. Someday, in our own divided world, I pray a Sythesis brings our reasons together before another fool pulls the trigger.
Good topic
My awesomeometer says that Michael is awesome and should be treasured.
Question: Where does the air go if we put it in the space
I don't think its fair to confidently assert that life is not a logic puzzle, I think the answer is currently "not enough information to decide" like in the puzzle you showed. If we want everyone to agree, then everyone would need to value the same things. So what it boils down too is the philosophy of how we should be living our lives, that's the logic puzzle and as of right now there isn't enough information to give an answer for certain.
Where is my mind?? In the end credits of Fight Club. 😅
I'm learning but at the same time unable to absorb anything he said.
PROUD HUMAN HERE.
Throw in your lot with the rich elite and you will face the guillotine with them.
One of the most important videos I have ever watched.
Even using logic is unreliable to solve problems.
The logic puzzle does not specify that Mary is a person, and a being need not be a person to look at one.
Yup, now I defend a lottocracy.
He’s back
... was ancient Greece just better? I always feel like they have the answers for problems we can't even figure out in modern times. Very bizarre
Congrats on trending, not #1 but #7 is really good
Ehi Vsauce, a comment here!
I'm not going to read the vaccine hoarder's ( Bill Gates' ) book. What's the opposite of recommending it to friends?
Nose ingles
Petition for a new IMG!
AHHHHHHHHHH WERE FUCKED!!!
Moloch
I have said this so many times, why do we vote on a small group of the population to decide our laws? Lottocracy aside, We have the technology now that we could come up with a way to allow everyone to vote on ALL laws, it would have to be on a semi regular basis, like monthly, with some form of emergency voting scenario for emergency situations, like if a certain % of the population calls for an emergency vote we can have one without waiting. It wouldn't be the easiest thing to do, but definitely possible especially with things like blockchains etc.
Masterpiece
Couldn't this video be done without help from the vaccine hoarder? What's the reasoning for that? Money..?
Nice propaganda
As an inveterate lone reasoner, this has given me a lot of food for thought - and I'll do my best to do at least some of that thinking *with* others.
Bold of you to assume I will believe you that the world is ending because of global warming with no reasoning presented and with the backing of that slug Bill Gates...
I would slightly disagree on the crowd knowledge , since it works only on intuitive like problems, and not more complex problems , and unfortunately nowadays problems seem to tend in this direction
Nice vsauce upload lets goo
Dam i missed you
NO WAY ANOTHER VSAUCE
Babe, get off me. Vsauce just uploaded
These videos' epicness is beyond my understanding.
"The world is not a logic puzzle"  Unsub holy sh*t
Fantastic video.
I love it
Every time you leave a Vsauce video, you will leave reconsidering every decision you've ever made in your entire life...
This is probably the best Vsauce video I've seen so far. Physics and science are important, but they are no use without proper social structure supporting their research. I am kind of worry about Vsauce getting into politic even just for a little bit, but I trust Mychael's judgement on this one
coupon!
#lottogracy
Bill gates in the 90’s:make viruses and sells antivirus software   Bill gates now:same but people virus   Climate change is real and based off the sun not really the media weather is in but  what makes the information necessary to cause a storm
Its confirmed, Michael is L from Death Note
Just play the video on 0.5 playback speed. So you can get more time with Michael
Timely and thoughtful. Thank you. Retweeted.
Legend is back.
Pointless runaround
Michael, one day you will be recognized by history as a Great Philosopher.
Michael needs to be the leader of Earth honestly
EARLY SQUAD!
Papa vsauce!! Thank you for your wisdom!
Ay its that one smart guy
“Women did not like”
Vsauce: "Reasoning has helped us suffer less..... or has it??
OwO
Thanks, I needed that monthly dose of mental breakdown !
First 2-3 minutes remind me of agent Smith of Matrix; he says humans and viruses take over the ecosystem, destroy the very system which supports its growth. Our minds seems to do what viral transcriptases or reverse transcriptases do.
Michael reasoning if reasoning is the thing to do
Q : Why Vsauce Videos are so Attractive? Ans : He always tends to choose Open Ended Topics and delivering it in a very Presentable & Questionable Manner. (A Big Fan of Yours ;-)
Sweet
Wow die unterbewusste Botschaft dass der Klimawandel ein großes Problem ist dass wir nur lösen können in dem wir althergebrachtes denken über den Haufen werfen hat mich total geflasht… diese Idee der Lotto Katie war tatsächlich schon länger mal in meinem Kopf aber niemand wollte mich verstehen :O
Wow that was a trip😁
i also like ABC burgers !!!
They are gonna bring back Michael for sure as Michael 'As always'  will have creative ideas that they can use.
There's also some things to say about people who struggle with too much reasoning, specifically in the form of overthinking things and rumination. Great topic, Michael!
Michael: "You don't have to think about why you know someone is upset, you just know!" 𝗔𝘂𝘁𝗶𝘀𝗺 𝗵𝗮𝘀 𝗲𝗻𝘁𝗲𝗿𝗲𝗱 𝘁𝗵𝗲 𝗰𝗵𝗮𝘁.
Awesome video man!!
May the majority of humans become decently educated sometime in the future and be able to collectively solve a problem together. As things are today, that may or may not be a good idea.
i audibly groaned at the start, we figured out where our fingers are, now we have to figure out where our mind is damn it
:20 You don't remember and plan with phones, notes, or calendars, those are just tools. All the actual planning and remembering still happens in your brain. Nothing is contained in any of the things we use that isn't already contained in someone's brain somewhere.
Incredible and informational video!  I have to add one more thing -> #Resign_Modi
Did it again! Thank you for your public service, Vsauce! 👏
10:53 not enough information. she could be a widow which is neither married nor unmarried. :)
A
Don't forget to be awesome :]
What I learned from this video:  -english
can’t lie this episode kinda boring
I love this idea!!
Nice beard.... Michael
"I am not an elephant. Or AM I?"
I don't find the jelly-bean example very applicable to the real-world. No one is any better than anyone else at guessing the number of jelly beans in a jar. There are no "jellybean jar experts". But for any real-world, complex issue, some people are more knowledgable about it than others, because they've taken the time to study it in depth. Taking the average of an informed and uninformed opinion won't lead to a better result.
oh.
Too....much.....information.......to.....understand..
9:20
Michael: "hey Vsauce, Michael here. Where is your...." Me: *FiNgEr*
How could someone dislike this video?
Micheal is wearing a watch in few of the clips, and not in others. hmmmmmm
pizza is infact a hyper object
He lives!
Sounds like it's time for the human instrumentality project
I love how positive Michael is about everything.
I should probably come up with a reason why I’m not paying attention to my class.
We should have something like a Digital Ants Pheromone, anonymous but give of information to the hive mind to process and give instructions to take action.
The Mind-Brain Duality. Does Brain generate Mind or does Brain receive Mind like a radio receives signals?
As always, brilliant
🤨
All the dislikes are dialecticians
I'm not a big fan of the social theory of reason.  It creates a chicken and egg problem. If humans need reasons to justify actions because other humans demand those reasons, which came first? You need the ability to reason in order to demand a reason for something.
One problem with taking the average of people's decisions to decide on things is that there are situations where the best solution isn't a compromise     I'm not saying it wouldn't work but rather that everything has flaws
"History is the great teacher. We will all some day be teachers ourselves because some day we will all be history, too." Please stop it, I can only go so deep, Sauceman.
YES, THE GREAT MAN AND HIS VIDS WWWOOOOOOO
Michael: "we aren't sharp, or strong, or hidden, or venomous"  Me, watching the video crouched in a dumbwaiter with poisoned shuriken: ";)"
The social theory of reasoning is a great insight, but the advantages of "democratically" social reasoning are undermined by (1) Partisanship; (2) Media bias [trial by media] (3) Delegation of reasoning to Social Movements [conclusions need endorsement of one point of view] (4) Social Pressure toward or against particular opinions (example, political correctness).  Such social influences make individual views not so individual, but more a reflection of a small number of popular points of view, thus undermining the advantage of social dialog
This video confirmed my intuitions that everyone looks for sources to confirm their intuitions.
🧠
NEW VSAUCE LESSGOOOO
For once I’m semi-early instead of finding this video 2 years later😂
10:23  As far as I, an extreme Layton fan, can say...  THAT'S A PUZZLE!! IM GONNA SOLVE IT RIGHT NOW OH MY NAZARETH!!!!  Okay, so, I'm not sure but maybe Mary is married, because Paul is watching Mary and he's married. So maybe he's married to Mary. So Mary must be married. If she watches Peter, who is unmarried, then she, the married one, is looking at an unmarried person.  But that's practically double standards that I'm using; just because Paul is looking at Mary does not mean he is married with her. And furthermore, Mary is watching Peter, and unmarried person. She could not possibly be married with him!   Hm. This is tough. It must be worth 40-60 picarats... Likely 40.  I'll go with the assumption that the three are in a circle. Peter watches Paul.  Well, that doesn't really matter. Okay. Hm.   Ehh, I guess, yes. It's likely a trick question.  Oh! There's a third option!! Okay, then my final answer is [V] _Not enough information to decide_ !  ... Oh.  [INCORRECT] Aw, man. I didn't think of all the possibilities. Jeez, I could've figured it out had I switched to an assumption of Mary being unmarried. Instead, I over thought it. Man! Another one of those puzzles?
I don't have it pls give me a mind
And........ BOOM!   MIND BLOWN again!
Great writing, beautiful video
POV: Vsauce wants to know the location of your brain so he can feed upon it to become a smarter and more efficient being.
Hi
Are there transcripts for this
Nuance is dead in the modern age so reasoning is certainly going down the drain in general
Wake up babe, new vsauce video just dropped
Please tell me they used Columbia
thank you so much for this video!
came here after so long
Just read a paper by Kahenman about intuition, reason and prospect theory in a course about decision making. This seems like perfect timing. And yeah, lottocracy has been coming up more and more lately. Public forums are a great thing in general, but there is an issue in process - how to formalize it, organize and ensure the formulated decisions are followed through? More importantly, how to streamline this process so that it can be repeated often enough to achieve statistical "smoothness"? For this to work as Michael describes, a public forum on issues like climate change, must be held, and decisions made and re-evaluated at least 2 times a year, otherwise outliers will cost too much. This means new candidates must be picked and their training must start as soon as the old forum is closed. It is a hell of a process to organize - with a lot of commitment from the government, not only to facilitate, but to follow through with the decisions that were made. Nevertheless, I support the idea. As a society, we have long since outgrown a phase when we could delegate all problems to a few. Like in technology - solutions must scale horizontally.
The return of the king
Interesting
good examples for this video are: (1) the video itself and (2) this comment saying that this video and comment are good examples
I, now, realize the value of the youtube comment section
Holy shit this is an amazing video
The Great Reset
Randomly selected to make a critical decision on green energy: jojo siwa, diego sanchez, gwenyth paltrow, alex jones, bhad bhabie, jake paul, nate diaz, kim jong-un,  sarah palin...
Democracy should assign goals. The scientific method should be used to test ways to achieve them on a small scale. There doesn't need to be agreement on picking a solution. There only needs to be understanding of which solutions demonstrably worked.
"Hey Vsauce, Michael here. Where is your MIND? *sips coffee*  *breathes in* Me: "Yeeeeeeeassssss..."
Micheal: doesn't do the "Or is it" *Vsauce Music* Me: "My disappointment is immeasurable, and my day is ruined"
I have that same black IKEA chair...
are we all just gunna forget that micheal just solved world peace?
Good thing I have autism, because I understand it all, I use overthinking about the receiving of my ideas, so this 30 min video has been processed in my head under 10 sec my interaction with others.
Greenhouse gasses don't cause global warming. Global warming is a fake science. It was created as global cooling by the Club of Rome in the late 1960s, changed to global warming in the 1980s, said was on 'pause' in 1998, and in 2008, once again changed to climate change. It has no roots in science, only roots in global government politics seeking to create a global crisis for a global solution, a global tax for a global government.
acquiescence and confirmation bias are very powerful things.
...what fuck is Heisenberg talking about?...
This video lacks importent psychological perspectives like rationalisation, the human ego and misses its point when talking about the picture comparison, since people subjected to psychological abuse are not the most relliable. lol
michael, you already are the great teacher.
F bill gates
Everytime I watch a new Vsauce video I feel enlightened
25:28 "The future of reason may in fact be the past of reason". Wasn't expecting that tbh.
Hey! I’m reading the climate disaster book right now! That’s a pretty cool coincidence
15:36 Bethesda when asked about its games' bugs
Holy ass, a Vsauce video!?
Vsauce is the Stack Exchange meta channel of YouTube
OH NO BILL GATES GOT VSAUCE. genuine propaganda alert. we lost michael here.
Do you have note cards? or is this just you thinking outloud? lol
What a fantastic video! Sorely needed, and I didn't even know it
I wouldn’t be surprised if Vsauce was somebody from the future to educate us.
Honestly you might as well become bill nye and make vids for kids.
Damn bro you went off, This is life changing stuff lol
I like the motive behind having a "jury duty" government. However, the problem I see with that is the slight but scary risk that extremists of one side could all be chosen at random for one instance. Depending of the law they are summoned for, that could be very detrimental. I think a republic of elected senators works quite nicely as long as said senators are not just fighting for re-election, or blindly siding with their party. (I would be all for abolishing parties)
By the way, this topic has a lot of similarities with Waitbutwhy's article of the history of us.  I highly recommend. Specially to Vsauce audience
Thanks Simon, I love your Business Blaze channel
If i ever start a band, i'll call it "Techno-Sapian"
gamer
WOW, both Vsauce and Jontron uploads in the same day? The world trully is ending!
It's disappointing to see VSauce helping Bill Gates launder his public image, espeicaly the same week that it's come out that Gates has been complicit in witholding Covid vaccines from 3rd world countries in favour of making him and his billionaire pharmaseutical friends EVEN richer. Gates is not a force for good in the world, no matter how much him and his wife make pleasent sounding public statements.
Also if Bill gates had any ability to reason he'd not be a blind leftist... but, here we are.
This one got deep and GOOD
Everything is so complex that's it must be created by someone.. I just can't believe that's all happens for no reason, no proposit!
Finally a video
Aaaah An old school Vsauce video. I love it
mądrego to sie dobrze słucha
Hey, Vsauce! Gura here...
Facing our collective, global problems aren't really a matter of what form of government we have. The main obstacle is the anachronistic nation-state. A form of state that not only has it outlived its purpose (instituting republics) but has retconned history in such a way that people believe that it has always existed, or that it was always destined to exist.
How much of that 51 billion is from corrupt companies?
Not just juries decide cases, their is also a highly trained judge and at least 2 lawyers. It’s not just the random citizens. We also vet juries for biases.
still wondering why michael is bald
14:13 “Wait you guys don’t do this?” -Neurodivergent people
Michael  gives me an existential crisis at the end of each of his videos
I personally read "How to Avoid a Climate Disaster" What's printed on every page is:                                             STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS STOP FARTS
Inb4 vsauce got cancelled by people on the internet who are too superficial to comprehend this video
For a long time I've envisioned an idea that we could be using our social security numbers to log into a govt portal to select, with sliders, what portion of our taxes go to what category, instead of some treasurer guy doing it. The technology is there, it's all digital anyway, we all have a unique identifier attached to us as taxpayers... but why is this not yet implemented? Fraud and security concerns are always valid, but large-scale abuse of such a system would be fairly easy to spot (especially if the combined regional averages are made public) and the security concerns could be mitigated, surely. I think this will never happen, simply because that puts PEOPLE behind the spendings, not those career politicians that love wasting and laundering money. A hive mind would make, overall, a better decision for itself, but we can't have nice things when someone with more money and a lust for power is in charge.
This did NOT feel like a 30minutes video. It felt like I've watched an amazing full documentary. This was an experience. I love that Vsauce don't shove ideas into us but rather treat the audience with respect and leave the conclusion open for us.
Instead of Lottocracy, just hold an online voting 😂😂
I just had a personal experience and I saw a TED-ED video talking about the 10:52 problem, just a coincidence.
👍
YES I KNEW YOU WERENT DEAD
The answer is No. Mary cannot be both married and unmarried!!
I refuse to believe Michael isn't an elephant
Michael: "Wisdom of the crowd."  Douglas Murray: "The MADNESS of Crowds."
i'm also glad to learn that you are not an elephant
Absolutely fantastic title. I couldn't refuse to click Vsauce.
“Hey! Vsauce, Michael here. Where is your mind?”  *sighs and hits dab pen*
Fl studio been quiet after this one
yay, its great to see you! i see you've been working on something big! fascinating video, as always.
the ability to think and reason seems like a relatively recent evolutionary development.  yet it has produced results that have grown in scope and significance, far faster than the evolutionary process apparently can proceed.  so maybe the major problem here, is that your intelligent animal, generally only manages to survive long enough to produce problems for itself that are too difficult for its intelligence to deal with, problems that kill it off before it can evolve better forms of intelligence in order to adapt.  or not.
Can someone here boil this down to a few bullet points? I don't have the time to watch this 😒😆
1:55 Ah.. here we go again.
2:00:" not gonna lie he had us in the first half"
It's amazing to see the quality of Vsauce increase over the years. Try looking back at his first videos. It's mind blowing.
"I am not an elephant" will likely be added to a Vsauce out of context video.
1:20 in and I've already dismissed the premise. Moving on.
Basically, the future of reasoning = decentralization
I wasn't looking at the screen and heard "Where is your mom?"
In collaboration with Bill Gates? No wonder this video seemed forced.
0:58 talkative people: i am HIVE
Ironically, transhumanism is the only way to preserve humanity. It would also enable us to become more human, as in more humane or any other desirable trait we associate with being human. Cue reactionary hyperboles about super soldiers and anti-autistic genocide...
Techno-sapien? Nice
I think this is the coolest thumbnail yet
a great vid, thanks so much.
Algorithm comment
Every episode to me feels like Michael trying to remind us we're all just social monkeys
for you reasoning only means maths that's why the world is what you see it is now
this was a lot of words for a non english speaker, gots to wach it a few times.
I can’t explain how happy I am Michael is making Vsauce videos again. Not shorts, videos.
15:35 it's not a bug, it's a *f e a t u r e*
Michael, you beautiful son of a bitch.
Hey VSauce, Michael here! Or is it?
Every video of you brings me back to the old days of YouTube when it was a serious platform that provided YouTubers with a way to inform, entertain, make us think about the world we live in.  Today, it's just plain stupid, some will call it "entertainment", shit most of the time. More than half of YouTube's viewers will not even understand your titles because everyone is becoming dumber and dumber and focused on themselves, just consuming more and more of the stupidity out there. I am openly glad and thankful you are still here after all this time and providing us with *content* how it should be.  Thank you!  Greetings from Germany.
I have tue same chair lol
this is a good day
How many atoms are in a pizza?
When you learn that Michael from Vsause is working with Bill Gates but you forget by the end of the video because it's Michael from Vsause
This is good philosophy. (Until the lottery bit imo)
The dudes a genius
WHERE THE FUCK IS MY MIND
How would we go about implementing a lottocracy? Although a beautiful idea, I don't foresee said elected officials with their "iconic" status giving up their position (or even pulling up another seat to the table) in order for the betterment of the people at large without some kind of incentive to stroke their own self interests.
Vsauce in every video be like: ... it is (something) ... Or IS IT??!!
I'm too woke after this video that i started levitating with my new super reasoning power
bill gates can seriously fuck off. refusing to let poor countries get the vaccine or intellectual property to do it themselves while pushing his friendliness via youtube sponsorships. this guy is just evil. shame on you michael..
ahhhhhh there it is 5:46
thanks for confirming my biases and that social theory of reasoning is pretty interesting too
I study meteorology, and I think about this constantly. The way that every single thing we have built has affected the world in ways we don't understand and how are we going to rethink it all. Thanks for the content.
One thing I don't understand, is why scientist are searching for intelligent life outside of earth, if we haven't found it on earth.
my head does that, I have to think about facial features before I conclude a mood. uh oh
23:15
This man never ages
OH MY SPIRITUAL OVERBEEING! How i missed the most iconic sentences for quite a while: "Hey Vsauce! Michael here." Thank you for sharing your ideas via youtube to us.
0:07 wayy out in the water
right...
Watching a Vsauce video right after I've watched a Kurzgesagt video is definitely the fastest way to develop a headche; a good type of headache, but a headache nonetheless.
I feel like this video should have been released about a year ago... Or about four years ago...
Video is pushing climate change. Nice
<3
The god has returned
holyshit, where's 1:35 ?? That's a ot of really high buildings.
Wow this channel is alive for about 8 years now.
Talk to China about that. We account for a mere 15% of global emissions
I miss the vsauce music
Nuclear power plants is a good start.
I want to take people's time by putting them to read this COMMENT!
holy crap the idea of lottocracy sounds great.  I would like to add that normal people, who might not feel like they have deserved the position might be a much better leader.  But of course there will be some side problems, we would remove the right to vote from criminals, maybe. Or alternatively we would have some very few lottery picked rulers be criminals.  Also, not everyone can give great speeches. But our rulers aren't there to give speeches but to solve problems, right?
Nooo pro bill gates climate nonsense propaganda
Michael is not an elephant. Michael is awesome.
I understood everything and nothing at the same time...
Fuck bill gates
Are we a hive mind?
As usual thanks for broadcasting
Thanks Michael. You are a blessing to this platform and to all of us.
This is quite easily the most important video I think I’ve ever watched. There is so much valuable information incorporated, and it all is communicated so well as to be easily digestible by most everyone!  Thank you, Michael.
These shower thoughts are getting intense.
It’s a new Vsauce vid
Vsauce... Whaaaaaa???
Development of the awesome-ometer is now in progress
Great job Vsauce, you show those reasoners who's boss.
7:00 "They impact future people and people far away, (...) people we will never meet" Uh, what? That is such a huge, ignorant, unproductive lie of omission, intentional or not. Environmental impacts are also problematic for present people and people _not_ so far away, _including_ Americans (quick example: Miami street floods) and other westerners. It is not in the same category as something like Third World hunger, wtf? Climate change is already CURRENT and is only going to get worse, for _everyone._ Crazier storms and hurricanes are an obvious example of one of the effects of climate change that can impact _anyone, anywhere, with increasing chances every year._ If it's not storms, you'll see it in the more intense seasonal temperatures, like the fact that we're breaking heat records every summer.  PS: btw, the rest of the video is great, just disappointed in that weird remark.
Was gonna go to sleep but this video popped up  What a special occasion
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lTz0m88RTbk&t=1s
Damn....
Operation Northwoods
Vsauce just talked about climate change and greenhouse gases without even mentioning "climate change" and "greenhouse gases"
An absorbing talk, so to speak.
if AoT had Vsauce there would be peace between eldians and the world
Why can't my teachers be this interesting
This issue of misinformation would flaw Lottocrocy. People would make decisions based off what they think is correct, when in fact it may not be true. E.g. saying immigrants shouldn’t be allowed in a country is a subjective view, but people may have those views based on facts like how much is contributed to the economy, crime statistics, population number, tax figures, employment, etc.  Now if these people are informed by scientists, economists and those qualified to inform them, then it flaws the point in reasoning because everyone knows the same stuff so would come to the same conclusion. Brexit is an example where the people could make choices after deliberation and discussions yet still chose the economically, scientifically, and geopolitically poorer option. A lottocrocy would have to be extremely well hosted and be made to avoid discrimination, bias and misinformation otherwise worse decisions would be made than if politicians and those qualified would.
up
kinda reminds me of school, u know the moment u get a point of view by ur teacher and THEN have to defend it with arguments
wNONONOONONONONO WWAIIIOIOOTTTT NOOOOOO I THOUGHT THIS WAS AN OLD ONE I COULD HAVE BEEN FIRST BECAUSE I WATCHED THIS YESTERDAY
I just watched a  30min video without noticing it.
MY MAN GOT A SPONSORSHIP WITH BILL GATES
Compassion and empathy will liberate us; when we're finally able to see that we are all a part of this big puzzle called 'existence,' and when we start caring for others as we are wont to ourselves, we'll be a truly persistent presence in the universe.  We'll never overcome the larger issues - the macro problems - while we're worrying about aggregating massive amounts of wealth and influence as individuals.
Its actually "Judg'e'ment" according to history
Ben shapiro quaking rn
They got to you as well? Wow, the Khasarian maffia truly are shameless.
Whenever Michael uploads it is always just a good day :)
FINALLY! ANOTHER VSAUCE VIDEO!
Omg! The reason for reasoning is social.. YES that explains why typically depressed and socialy isolated people aren't usually strong opinionated unless it's to do with a subject that's socially involved. They aren't strong minded on subjects most humans would be And that fucking explains it!
Too much meandering.
I can't believe I was beaten to lottocracy. A few months ago I came up with a government system semibased on the book, "The Restaurant at the End of the Universe", where some guy who isn't sure about anything is the leader of the Universe. So I came up with Gallopism, where you would randomly vote for a citizen of a country to briefly be a leader in some government position. Geez.
god what a good video
i have watched vsauce so much i almost exactly know when he is gonna say "Or is it O_o"
This had to be the biggest waste of a half an hour I've ever experienced.
A year between episodes ;D
Damn, I forgot how intense the endings get 😂
The mind of group think dulls the mind of self think. We communicate *too much* these days. It's difficult to innovate in such a society.
lets start the Lottocrosy revolution!
Wish I could give it two likes!
The future of reasoning died at the end of 2019...
?
kinda sounds like Micheal giving an evil villain speech
My mind is on the water, Michael, you can see it swimming!
My favorite childhood teachers consisted of him and kakashi. American schools need to do better.
Jesse should watch this video since hes NOT OPEN TO REASON
I think I have photography OCD - the slight camera angle with the brick wall in the background profoundly disturbs me.
I'm sperging hard rn bro.
I need some spit facts
*Me before watching Vsauce video:* *(-_-)* *Me after watching Vsauce video:* *(^_-)*
Lol imagine the people that disliked
This looks like bad propaganda.
Ever since I started watching VSauce, Whatever I do, I always think ‘or is it?’ in the end.
See you next year, thanks for the information.
So many interesting things in this video, I wish I could give it a like.  Unfortunately, the early conflation of the tools we use, let alone other people, as being parts of our own minds just blew the entire thing.
why was he in the same room the whole video
Super interesting!
🤨 ŐŔ íŚ íT ...
the music makes me trip tf out
Yessss he uploaded
The industrial revolution and its consequences.
We humans justify our emotions via logical reasons  Though I agree on, the more perspective a society has, the more wiser decision it would take And we too gonna become history and our present actions determine what we have learnt from history to create the perfect scenario for future generation
yay another video fina- *it's 30 minutes isn't it,* wElp tIme tO wAtch aLl oF iT rAtHeR tHan dOing hOmework ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ
HE MADE ANOTHER ONE im going to die now  idk how this guy gets his info
14:14 When it comes to socializing, I actually do this tho lol Social interaction/dynamics made no sense until I learned how to do all that manually
Damn Vsauce, I'm trying to study
It doesn’t take this long to upload because tue video is hard to make, it’s because the ideas are so good, and the research takes ages
The Awesometer™
YEEEESSSSSSSSS
Incredible...please be my friend
I'm halfway through and getting bored. 30 minutes for "reasoning is a skill" is way too long. Maybe there's some kind of interesting conclusion coming up but I already know all of this so I'm going to go do something else.
All of Michaels videos seem like a scientific PHD paper being read aloud. It’s amazing.
Reason is the only way to solve the problems you’re bringing up. The left wants to solve these problems by diminishing the number of people and doing away with reason altogether. Politics has nothing to do with reason whatsoever. If science is political it is not science at all. We already know how to power everything we need without zero emissions. The only reason we don’t is purely political.
Just remember that Bill Gates is evil, and he caused vaccine recipes to not be publicly available so Pharma corps can make big bucks. Costs lives but makes money, so Bill Gates made it happen.
Just a comment to boost engagement...
as a lone reasoner, this video has made decide to reexamine my biases, even though I've already tried constantly to steer myself away from biases using the scientific method and keep myself open to change my opinions at any moment they're proven to be wrong. but living in a country where the democracy votes for only those who promise genocides, it's hard not to think that the masses aren't rational. nonetheless I will continue to find fellow reasoners who can criticise my ideas. thank you for the encouragement to do so. a national deliberation day sounds like an absolute dream! but unfortunately I'm inclined to think the humanitarian idea of everybody's belief systems being valid no matter how unreasonable it may be stops us from doing such a discussion. the masses aren't scientific. I have watched via the internet as hundreds of my country people gathered without masks to clank metals together to drive corona away because the prime minister asked them to do so. if you question their beliefs, you end up in a morgue regardless of democracy or judiciary systems that are in place to prevent crime. if you're not moved by money, you WILL be moved forcefully with violence. that's the reality I see everyday.
OH FUCK YES
I love how this video is not political at all but can be applied to any political circumstance.
so are you saying Elephants are not awesome ?
0:56 why isnt the vsauce song playing after he said "communication" wtf
"just a wet lump of fat and protein" Jeez you didn't need to call me out like that
Michael for President!
Bill Gates is not what we need
Stellar Video as always!
Bill Gates conspiracy theorists in 3... 2... 1...
What does Bill Gates' plan for population control say about his mind?
Καλώς ήλθατε στο σχολείο του Vsauce Gratissimum ad scholam in Vsauce
Can't wait to respawn in year 5021 and be told how much crap I did with my flawed reasoning
your reason convinced me
HAHAHAHA FINALY
"Lottocracy" sounds good, but there's a problem: it should only have people making their decisions (i.e. casting votes) in isolation from each other, not in mutual discussion. Because humans, when a group is formed, tend to immediately start forming hierarchies, and the most proactive leader will emerge, who's bound to convince (or browbeat) others into agreeing with his opinion.
Aaaaaaaaaaaaarrrghhhhhhh enoooougghhhhh! enough thinking enough reasoning enough brain use
I will never understand why people listen to a multi-billionaire *_software engineer_* about the climate.
Vsauce & Politics? I love it
14:13 That actually happens in anime
The power structures in the world are so entrenched it's hard to imagine a lottocracy or anything like it becoming a real thing. Although, you did say Bill Gates sponsored this video... if billionaires like him are willing to spend the money and make it happen, the people who actually have power, that is the only possibility it could exist.
Trash
This is another video about climate change and which form of tyranny can save us dumb biased primitive humans from it.
5:47  *Classic Vsause background music begins playing*  Me: AW SH*T!
I agree with everything. But all elephants are awesome.
The brain is very smart...  “Or is it”
I feel like magic mushrooms whould make this video even better
I don't think empathy is necessary if the general population gets more intelligent. You don't need empathy if you can calculate morals.
This is how vsause should be. 30 mins long and taking every loosely connected tangent down the rabbit hole possible
Dang 1 million views in less than a day
Vsauce says: Free speech.
The Return of the King
Man I've been saying for years that there should be some kind of Jury for the government to make decisions with. I'm glad someone else agrees with me.
I am watched every video since 2010 but once you went woke I stopped at 4:11. You can do better Michael then pander to this crap. How much are they paying you??
i love this shit
Maybe if Bill Gates stopped exploring Africa like the billionaire he is, although he pretends to be for climate change.
I was super pumped for a new Vsauce video and instead I got propaganda pushed by, of all people, Bill Gates, great.
This man should be the president
John 3:16-17 16. For God so loved the world, that he gave his only begotten Son, that whosoever believeth in him should not perish, but have everlasting life.17. For God sent not his Son into the world to condemn the world; but that the world through him might be saved. Romans 6:23 23. For the wages of sin is death; but the gift of God is eternal life through Jesus Christ our Lord. Romans 10:9-10 9 That if thou shalt confess with thy mouth the Lord Jesus, and shalt believe in thine heart that God hath raised him from the dead, thou shalt be saved.10 For with the heart man believeth unto righteousness; and with the mouth confession is made unto salvation. Amen!
This is kind of weird, yesterday i dreamed that i was looking outside of the window and i had a great view of space and i was watching Earth and some rockets. Everything was very big. It was amazing. And lately i've been seeing people putting thumbnail like you did for this video. What's going on? Could this be a sign of something spacey happening?
I honeymoon done give a shit about reasoning
It's one of those things that I struggle with every day in discussions and I have such a hard time explaining things. Mike comes in and explains this concept with extraordinary precision.  Video every 6 months... Every year... With this quality of content, I'll take it with glee.
Michael: Where is your mind? Me: knees
This must mean....  But....  So there for....  However!....  Research shows...  In conclusion.
With the jelly beans and the averages, that's simply not true. It is quite possible for someone's guess to be right on the average. It still remains a good method for getting extremely close though.
haha, VSauce took down flat earth, now Q
thank you Michael i can finally wach another vsauce vid and wait for months after 30 mins of good content
Every once in a while Michael remembers his password
looks like our brains aint good enough to understand themselves
we are basically monkeys with smarthphones
And as always, thanks for talking, Michael
waiting for 'or is it' is like waiting for the fattest beat to drop
I love the idea of a collective group of random people to be involved with government decisions. I see this as starting as a tool of our current government use to guide and inform our current government. This information would be made public, so that if a politician made a decision that would contrast the decision made by the collective, then the people could challenge or even veto the decision and send it back into committee. The first debate: term limits on congressmen and women.
This was really nice.
What we really need is better awesome-ometers for everyone
the music at 12:00 sounds like Paul Simon-Still Crazy, very fitting. lol
if you're going to get political I'm going to unsubscribe and never listen to you again
Loved every second
The information is so packed, it's enough to cover us for a year!
Damn man. Bill gates? Methane (which instantly breaks down in sunlight) and water production —> massive logical jump —> affecting and worsening extreme weather? Get your shit together.
I learned everything and nothing at the same time
i love you
While I don't believe man-made climate change is actually happening, I do agree that as a society we should limit our carbon usage and eliminate what the green movement labels as harmful emissions. The step that I think we should take is star (nuclear) power and try to advance it to a self sustaining nuclear fusion loop instead of the common fission reactors today. Why? Because it is an emission free power that gives more power than any other form of power we know of today including fossil fuels.
really disappointing to see you working with the gates foundation, money speaks i guess
While I don't believe man-made climate change is actually happening, I do agree that as a society we should limit our carbon usage and eliminate what the green movement labels as harmful emissions. The step that I think we should take is star (nuclear) power and try to advance it to a self sustaining nuclear fusion loop instead of the common fission reactors today. Why? Because it is an emission free power that gives more power than any other form of power we know of today including fossil fuels.
29:32 "We will someday be, The Ancients."  This has me thinking way too hard.
"Or is it?" Oh my god, how much I've missed Michael saying that
Okay but... What if instead of cooperation they wanted to torture us?? Huh?!  You can't just casually drop a Roko's Basilisk in your Vsauce.  (´°̥̥̥̥̥̥̥̥ω°̥̥̥̥̥̥̥̥｀)
Like Jonathan Haidt said: "Intuitions come first, strategic reasoning second"
There is no future for it, logic, is an endangered species.
[the human mind is] a frantic blur of flesh and concrete.  That is possibly my favorite sentence this year.
Just saw a thread on Twitter with some lefties triggered and angry at the video. Just finished watching it and I don't understand why they're angry.
lmao sponsored by bill gates won't watch
Back at it again overexplaining basic human interactions
This video had no ads. Thanks Bill Gates
Vsauce DESTROYS facts and logic with FACTS and LOGIC
14:16 actually, that’s exactly how i infer someone’s upset. it’s not apparent to me, i’m autistic
How can qe trust our reason if it just evolved like monkeys and other animals? Natural selection doesn't gear our minds to find truths but to survive and reproduce. Since we can survive on false beliefs, that means our minds are not reliable. Doesn't it?
What nonsense but looking at the sponsor, figures.
The problem is, technology evolves faster than culture. The 1 percent of people that are smart enough to be a part of the progress of human civilization, are just selfish enough to profit on the stupidity of the remaining 99 percent of people
The man
Sounds a lot like "Thinking Fast and Slow' by  Daniel Kahneman.
We need to stop considering concrete as growth.
hi
Vsauce philosophy videos are always a wild ride.
Elect Vsauce hyper-president
The "internet " and most people on it don't understand what a debate is anymore. They take any forms of debate as insult and aggressive and retaliate as such. Even people face to face are like this. I am not trying to insult you I am trying to have a conversation. Can we have a conversation without drawing non existent emotions into this?
I think michael is the kind of guy who would educate millions of people for a chance of at least 1 remembering all of it
I feel this video might have changed my view over politics fundamentally.
He's basically reading from the Communist Manifesto. It's sad and scary if people can't see through the agenda and scientific facilities in this video. );
0:35 Explanation of why I have a low IQ
16 hours ago    *Confused screaming*
all this for being social?? fuck.
I have to do homework but this looks awesome
Almost thought this channel died
Throughout the whole video I kept thinking of the TF2 Sniper voice line “Ye’h that seems abou’t right”
Glad to have you back, Pops. :)
Damn Michael, that was fast
Oh yes, my year is saved.
15:36   Literally any game that's ever existed
Mood recognition is different for people with autism
In a lottocracy, the office-holders will just end up as figureheads and actual power will devolve to the bureaucracy.
Wow... Watching this left me with an existential dread of what will be the historic legacy of my generation. But also left me with a firm belief that I need to expand the kind of information I expose myself to. I need to actively fight my confirmation bias. Maybe, If I'm successful and a few others are too, our legacy won't be as bad as I fear it now.
The Fact that SRM and all other methods of the last century of weather modification are not an openly Recognized factor in what is called  "climate change" Matters.  Especially when the SAME frontman who is meant to represent the Declarations of Official Consensus is the same promoter of More Atmospheric Engineering to facilitate some type of method to fix the "problem" that he, (as an archetype of predatory Philanthropy) has such a rare opportunity to tell the story about in such an unbalanced share of Informational reach, full Spectrum Conditioning and over Represented Access to Censoring Controls on any Announcements/Suggestions of alternate causes to the problem  The public has no real consensus in  the physical  world when  what  they believe is partially made contraband by the PREdecider of the Issue, the cure ,the Causes AND the Privilege to introduce all "others" who might alledge differently TO those that he wants to convince.    The desperation to remove reason shows the full circle motivation of the urgency to pre-intervene the public's appeal to rationality and acceptance according to the alleged intentions of the "final Solution"  Pre-planned Pre Labeling or the pushback he should expect is the Potential to run interferences that preDemonize these actualities as a "personality TYPE" , Altogether crafting a repellent insulator around anything useful that they would otherwise reveal.  What people who are the victims might otherwise discover.
babe wake up new vsauce video just dropped
Got it. A gloriously harmonious society exists as a monoculture free from disparaging view points. In a sick way justifies the various attempted genocides across history (and present). Its alot easier cognitively to kill off the opposition than to gain reason from two opposing viewpoints.
It feels so strange watching a Vsauce video that I haven’t seen before. Hopefully Micheal starts uploading more often
Skip to 5:48 for that sweet hit if dopamine
Incredible
Thinking of it now...it really feels good to have some friends with a lot of diffrent opinions
The fact you teamed up with Bill Gates makes me look at this entire video differently......
bill gates sell out. unsubbed
I think it's ironic that in the episode about holding those with power accountable, michael worked with Bill Gates
Thank you, Michael
Hello
oooh I am 1,040,215th!
30 mins to tell why flat earthers, anti vaxxers and racist existing
Hey Michael,  I'd love to get your opinion on Bjorn Lomborg who posits a hypothesis that with 75 billion dollars you could help get everyone's quality of life up to the same standard. It seems only reasonable to me that before you can progress to a zero emissions infrastructure that you have to pass through a high-emissions phase first. It happened in the U.S. and the west first, and then countries like India and China. In order to pass through global stages of responsibility, we have to pass first through individual, then local, then "state" and then "nations" and then "regions" and then "Continents" and then "global". The way to do that is to encourage a sense of personal responsibility in every individual into moving towards the higher goal that you speak of in this video. But we must be able to apply reason to not only things like carbon emissions, but also elements of justice. We must be able to have the freedom of speech to criticize the institutions that arguably mediate and titrate the flow of "communication" to suit their own needs. Reasonable decisions can only be made when we have access to all the information available that we need. When social institutions have become corrupted by dogma, and do so at the peril of ignoring reason altogether, the illusion of distrust in our shared humanity propigates, and we are left with far more pressing issues to human survival than merely the eventual collapse of our global ecosystems.
We will be "the ancients", provided we do not exterminate ourselves, or become victims of a cosmic disaster.
The song changed. How dare you
He’s starting to look more like a philosopher as time goes on
Where’s my mind? Ask the pixies
It has been shown that revolutions have been made through more tabletop discussions :)
I watched the Entire Video just to Listen "And as always Thanks for watching"....(some psychopath music)
This is your worst video
I would never fall into a cult... Except if Michael was the leader
yaaaay vsauce video
18:32 well, I found a typo in the captions.
Post-Vsauce depression: when you have watched the new Vsauce video and you have to go back to your everyday life.
wow the song at 12:13, can't download it, but Geoffrey Keezer is wild
Love your videos Michael, thanks for enlightening ❤️
u know u have made iy when u make yt vids in partnership with BILL FUCKING GATES
14:01 Welcome to the wold of an autistic person, a world were emotions are hard........ This is very close to how (some) autistic people "read" other people in real life. (Every autistic person is different, keep that in mind)
Wow, 15 thousand comments overlooking that Bill Gates had his fingers in this video about reasoning. Ironic.
its always a great day in hell when we get a new Vsauce. thanks Michael! love you!
Micheal: Where  Me: Are your fingers?
Bill Gates depopulation propaganda
this man is the definition of quality>quantity
Really liked the video! Especially the discussions of reason as it applies to our political systems and the work to try and prevent climate disaster. Your points are however rather undercut by partnering with the very same billionaire who currently spends his funds to prevent the production of vaccines and influence politicians worldwide, a point you specifically argue against.
Climatic crisis and the problem of reasoning in today's world. Very very important video
Or is it?
Oh to live in Michaels brain.......
I can imagine this video took a lot of careful planning to avoid any situation where Michael could be conceived of bias or pushing an agenda.
I would like you to aply that to flat earthers, antivaxers and people who will rather attack others and get arrested than wearing a surgical mask...
Great video as always, however...  Any educational material sponsored by Bigg Gates is instantly propoganda to my ears. Even when the info is good, I can't help but smell a PR campaign.  I can't listen to someone responsible for hundreds of thousands of deaths. (look up farmers in India and what Gates is doing to farming around the world.)
Lol we did that elephant thing at school in philosophy and it really is fascinating.
Hi Michael, Vsauce here...
I kept thinking through it .. where is AI in the video as a super reasoning machine of the future?
Brutality overcomes reason most of the time. When it doesn't, reason makes the news.
a lot of people never learn to use reason and logical thinking... for them, *"the guy who pointed them at a disaster, must have caused it"* ... they do not look at bigger patterns nor look into history's cycles.
5:47 ohhh have I missed this
I'll keep this in my head
That puzzle assumes social rules are in place disregarding people who aren't bound by those rules, hence why we have adultery.
Based.
9:50 Ben Shapiro has entered the chat
This has got to be the worst idea I've ever heard.  I pity the poor fool chosen to be manipulated and fought over within an inch of thier now fugitive lives (because now half the world also hates them).  Good luck finding willing participants, assuming the selection remains random.
You must be *out of your mind* to dislike this masterpiece
Love this guy
what I learned: Vsauce is an elephant
the english subtitles do not match what is being said in the video :(  but great video otherwise!
Michael for president
Joke's on you Michael, I totally had to reason people's emotions from queues as a mildly autistic child. XD
“Heyyy, vsauce here. Where is your mind?” Lofi ep
This reminds me of the final conversation in mgs 2
14:30 holy hell, I thought this was just an autism thing. I thought people could genuine tell each and every reason why they thought something was a particular way
after restarting this 4 times, i'm reminded that vsauce is not the sort of vid i stick on in the background while i'm working.
15:37 Are you saying that Todd Howard is God Sir
Sounds like vsauce might be a free speech advocate
The Future of Reasoning mind communication reason unintended consequences 51 billion habits  traditions values hyperobject Great Filter behavioral inertia flaw power responsibilities inferences ? Paul is looking at Mary. Mary is looking at Peter. Paul is married. Peter is unmarried. Is a married person looking at an unmarried person? Yes No Not enough information to decide All elephants are awesome. Michael is and elephant. Therefore, Michael is awesome. awesome-ometer? that's not how reasoning works intuitions guesses mistakes features others other people coupon! truer general complete confirmation bias lone reasoner the crowd the problem love it lottocracy demographic oligarchic
"Truer" knowledge. please
I love you VSauce
Ironically, your lone voice of reason is what you're making a point against listening to. I'll have to deliberate this with the dog and cat before I make a decision
unacceptable michael is totally awesome goddamnit
Elephants are awesome, anyone who says otherwise is irrational
Hold on... The Paul, Peter, and Mary problem... you got it wrong.  At no point did you state that the two Marys' were the same person!  You can't tell if the Mary in the Paul statement is the same Mary as in the Peter statement. Therefore, you don't have enough information to tell. EG Paul is married to Mary (Smith) who is his wife. (both married) Mary (Jones) is unmarried and looking at her boyfriend, Paul, Who is also unmarried. (both unmarried). Therefore, the CORRECT answer is... there is not enough info to decide!
We all know this is just a video about cancel culture
So we're working with Bill "patent the covid vaccine so poor countries can't afford it" Gates to save the world?
Ahhhhh yes, such exquisite mental porn! Perfect when thoughts turn into insomnia. 👌
Programmers in a nutshell: 15:36
Hey me in a few years, how’s your vsauce binge going
Everytime I watch Michael I feel that humans are a little more acceptable... (just a little)
"the world is not a logic puzzle"  nicely done vsauce
Is Terence McKenna's Transcendental Object at the End of Time an example of a Hyper Object by chance? 4:40
Day 1372: Michael has mastered the ability to create objects from thin air
Beginning of the video => instant earworm
You need to defuse a bomb. You know that you need to cut either the red wire or the blue wire, but you aren't sure which. You ask the crowd of onlookers. Half say to cut the red wire and half say to cut the blue wire. You cut the purple wire. Everybody dies.
Hi
It’s too early for this type of smart educated thinking, I’ll be back after some more sleep
19:10 I can see why I say stupid things now
Not a fan of Bill Gates
If we have to have “elected officials” then i want Vsauce for president!!
Micheal Back! Woo!  I really like this episode. It was great!
Thank you so much for making this video! It was very good.
My perception of Bill Gates is becoming negative (Covid vaccine proliferation), but ~6 minutes in, this is too interesting for my politics to get in the way of allegories of psychology and society.
Damn it michael. Cant even begin to quantify the amount of respect I've lost for you for teaming up with Bill Gated. Grotesque
1:26 communists should tatoo this senstence on their foreheads
Everytime I finish watching a Vsauce video, I feel like I am better than everyone else. Crazy part is I am 100 % serious.
30 MINUTE VSAUCE YEAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH!!!!!
Reason: “God won’t save us.” Michael: “Reason won’t save us.” Me: “Shit.”
Cringe
Michael may not be an elephant, but he certainly is awesome
👏
Michael’s not the hero we deserve, but the hero we need...
In a perfect world we would be a lottocracy, unfortunately it won't happen in any of our lifetimes
michael made me buy a book, WOW. This is what youtube should be about
this is easy to look through. bill gates attempting to educate people on being rational and thinking with reason. that is all good and well, but people trusted their governments, because they approached them with what they called reason and look where it got them - they got screwed by corrupt politicians who were bought by greedy companies. so now they distrust both. this is a selfmade problem and fixing it requires to think outside of the box, beyond rational logic.
What is consciousness?
Epic
We did not see that coming!!!
3:00 I don't know if you, but I was so concentrated on the intro and then I pictured stick bugs dancing everywhere and lost my focus  Great video
Glad to have you back, brother
Sally sells sea shells on the sea shore
That's a sad video experience. I expected more from you. To succumb to this kind of propaganda is exactly the opposite of humanity and science. We are losing our freedoms and letting people control our minds. I'm sure technologies like block-chain will fight corporations and politicians until they become irrelevant. Until then we will have to see politicians, media and corporations forcing disasters and crisis to gain power. I'm wondering if this video is a result of ingenuity or malice. Either way, unsub.
After a long time u did long video
BSauce, no thanks for being a total sell out for sci fi propaganda!!!
There u are... back to making 30 min vids... 30 min is no thing for something that's interesting... Right, folks?
I have to watch at least 5 times every Vsauce video, or I miss something
Always so good to see a Vsauce video and even better to learn more!
I always imagined a future society where everyone in a country was tasked with having to contribute a few years of their lives in a central hub where they would process the challenges the society faces as a whole (and across borders). In other words doing politics and adjusting the parameters that control the "big machine". The big machine could be some sort of AI simulation and expert system that provides guesstimates based on these parameters, on how to process resources into goods, and to what degree the society should regulate production and consumption. The output being taxing, funding, rules, laws, regulations. The fact that everyone had to participate in this activity in their lives as well as total 100% tranparency to what was decided/adjusted would make this a government system of a common goal with the input of every citizen. Many would perhaps think of this as communism, but the point here is that there is no totalitarian leader, and whatever managing positions that does exist would have high turnaround in order to not enable single people to misuse the system to their own goals. The big challenge however is how to make this "big machine"s thousands of parameters understandable to normal people. As anyone in politics know, its not easy to take everyones opinions into account although some try to and get reelected if they did well. Personally I feel politics needs to be less about the individuals in power but more about measurable results from their actions.
Wow, i suprised i didn't get bored
Great as ever! I have been missing you, Michael!
hey vsauce finally remember his youtube account
a prophet in our time
15:34 - "It's not a bug, it's a feature!"
America isn’t a democracy, it’s a republic. Reverting back to the original model of government would achieve a better result than a lottocracy. MAGA
We should listen and agree to disagree in these comments as such. Cmon guys I know we can do it. Right?
we actually did a bit lottocracy in France with "la convention citoyenne" in order to fight climate change  those who were randomly chosen produced educated suggestions over  6 month of work in order to reduce CO2 emissions, there even was a flat earther and tinfoil hat guy among them and guess what ? they actually found those solutions.  And guess what the powerful and rich did with those solutions ? they tweeked them into inefficiency or outright ignored them so that nothing changes, so that everyone isn't unhappy but nobody IS happy.  reason and all is good but as you said, reason is a powerful tool when used collectively, not when the power is hold by one person or a very small group of billionaires (bill gates included), that's just an oligarchy, and it's fucking us. and the worst of it all ? as you said, because the media are bought and paid by those people, these media give people reason to accept what is going on. like lambs happily going to the slaughterhouse.  We don't need reason for the time being, we need to overthrow those who prevent humanity from being able to reason
25:05 A perfect description of populism
What an awesome teacher, content creator, and human.
The fastest 30 minutes in my life.
"Instead of using reasoning to come to conclusions we use conclusions come to reasons" --> This is the basis of Adlerian Psychology. I recommend people read about his school of philiosophy!
but ... what if we do a little trolling
small groups deciding amongst themselves about what effect them? sounds like anarchism to me. a video sponsored by bill gates probably can't call out the fact that we ignore reason for many of our most impactful decisions, since the people making them are obligated by law to do what is most profitable to the shareholders.
knowing the human race and the distance between cultures and difference in knowledge. its pretty much impossible for us to turn the ship around.
The legend is back boys!
Thank you Michael - As always, eye opening and thought provoking!
Way out in the water. _See it swimming?_
Michael just blew my mind about 30 times in one video
If there is a enormous mirror in the space, who ever looks at it he will see the past
Would you talk about the abrahamic experience???
The king has returned
In short, turn off the internet and get out. Meet people. Discuss ideas. Be ready to be proven wrong, but not expecting it.
Mate, start making stuff weekly again!!!
This video is so packed with meaning that I have to rewatch several times to try comprehend it all
And not a single mid-roll ad (standing ovation)
i literally love you
i come to the conclusion that majority of the people who commented to this video is reacting to the subject rather than the top..  ah well, good to see you Michael!
What a great video
I’m only halfway through but know I’ll need to listen to this twice to catch everything. Very good video
Whenever Humans think they've evolved past their nature, they cause atrocities. He who has ears to hear, let him hear
WOW Bill Gates and Vsauce are the smartest people alive. They should become the presidents of the World!
11:34 - I am not an elephant...       ... or am I?  * music plays *
My mind: 🤯
The boy wonder is here.
The Legend is back!
why does it feel like he hasn't uploaded a video in years????????
Michael is the Carl Sagan of the internet generation. What an absolute inspirator!
HES ALIVE
I preferred the old Vsauce.
I am quite curious, we all watched the same video and I came to basically the same conclusion as Michael.  But what do you guys think, presented with the same evidence did you guys come to a different conclusion about the importance of reasoning? Did you guys even interpret his conclusion like me, that discussion and reasoning really is the only way to solve the problems of today?
seems reasonable
Mmm, the future of raisining. Delicious.
Vsauce music 5:44
So Socrates was wrong?
Honestly fuck Bill Gates, it's billionaires like him who caused such inequality and caused this climate disaster. It's such a shame that Vsauce is having to partner with him
TL;DW wake the fuck up people and start thinking more critically
the table lifts slightly every time he lifts his hands.
uncle ted entered the chat
9:50 i never have seen 80% of the internet explained in this short amount of time
G.O.A.T of YouTube
Incredibly thought-provoking. The insight this video presented has made me more aware of the way society functions around me.
Vsauce videos always leave you smarter.
renewal of the dialog to the conscience of the people good work
So so so happy
Hey, Vsauce here. Lets overthrow the government.
That song when I here it coming. I know it’s about to go down
I hope you didnt get that coupon from a chicken
Vsauce FINALLY uploaded.
Hi Micheal, Chris here! Big fan! Though, for the first time, I felt compelled to disagree with you. Indeed, reason is what makes our species so special among all other living beings, dramatically changing our lifestyle for good. But when you said that we should change our values to protect ourselves from an unwanted future, I think you're mistaken. You see, reason without the proper guidance can be meaningless and also harmful. When bad things tend to happen, it's because people choose certain habits instead of following values - and habits aren't necessarily defined by values. Our current values are, already, the ones we should embrace, though by faith. This faith isn't necessarily religious, but has to be independent from reason. An unrelenting faith on our values that would guide our reason towards truth, beauty and good. Well, I hope that this point of view interests anyone. Thanks for your work!
hi! no disrespect but mental stability and self sufficiency are all that is needed to surmount any issue an individual (and, in turn, a community) may face!
Great Video with a lot of new views and thoughts, thank you
I HAVE MICHAEL'S CHAIR TOO, I'M SMART
Bill Gates? What the hell does bill gates know about anything? Google murray bookchin and social ecology
damn dude I used to respect you heavy. Now ur collabing with Bill Gates, pretty disgusting. Hate to see u go, I been watching your vids since I was in middle school bro
Yo we're talking about massive reform here.
13:38 - I think this has more to do with people's political ignorance than a 'malleability of self' you seem to be implying here.   I'm curious if there is a study doing something similar with preferences (e.g. 'why is green your favorite color' when earlier they said orange was, is unlikely to get a back-filled reason for why green and not orange is) as it addresses the same categories of ideas and thoughts but one grounded in the individual's lived experience and not an abstract set of concepts they rarely engage with.
This is crazy, I JUST bought a book about sortition democracy two days ago to study this topic.
It's happening... It's finally happening... New Vsauce video... When I got notification I was sreaming with JOY...
why did he partner with the devil
Never thought I'd see the day when the bearded nun who made the mario farts video collaborates with Bill Gates.
He’s back!
Why haven't we discussed this before? why do we allow a jury of randomly selected people to choose the fait of one person, yet allow one person to choose the fate of everyone? This has honestly been one of the most thought provoking and interesting idea I have witnessed since being in an actual classroom with teachers who really cared. This idea of having a randomly selected group of individuals come together be told by different experts what is occurring and having them debate to come to a conclusion to make decisions may be the one thing that can save the human race from exterminating ourselves.
I just cancelled all meetings for today so I could sit and create burner YouTube accounts for the sole purpose of giving this video a semblance of the positive feedback appropriate.  #Vsauce2024
Lottocracy sounds absolutely amazing - although my experience with group discussion is that the loudest individual hijacks the discussion and recommendations are made based mostly on their beliefs.  The loudest are not always the smartest.
Everyone in America needs to see this.
I think the message you’re telling here is extremely important and I would like to help make it reach an even bigger audience by adding Turkish subtitles. I hope you’ll see this and I hope I can contribute at least a tiny piece to the future of “The Mind” by helping more people understand this vital message. Even if it doesn’t change people’s minds about stopping climate change or reasoning in general having the seed of it planted in their minds is a small step towards a not so terrible future. Either way, thank you for your amazing work as always.
Who says the other species on this planet don’t have reasoning abilities ...I think they do
Always enjoy the music selection for these videos
Why is this not on trending?
5:47 its like a dopamine kick and you guessed right, i was waiting for my dose
i am not able to express how happy i am that there's so correct and accurate views of the world, that there's people other from me that think about everything talked about in this video
Still riddled with where to buy an Awesome-ometer...
WHAT is going ON with all these comments about PROPAGANDA on THIS particular VSAUCE video?!
acid
You know the video's about to get serious when Micheal says : *"or is it?"*
OH YEAH IVE BEEN WAITING FOR ANOTHER ONE OF THESE
2 seconds in and I’m already confused
BORG
Some interesting ideas, sure, but I think he is wrong in some ways. For example before he talks about changing political system, he says, that ALL politicians blindly follow misconceptions of their voters to be reelected, which is NOT TRUE. Only a part of politicians do that and we even have a word for them - populists.  So as long as voters don't vote for populists we should be OK. Randomly choosing people like in ancient Greece is an awful idea. First, in Greece only CITIZEN could be chosen like that. And citizens were only a small group in Ancient Greece society. Actually it's funny, that the guy talks about the fact that people tend to blindly believe in something. And at the same time he propagates one of these blind beliefs, that elites are inherently rotten and bad. And you just need random people from society to replace them. In reality those random people will suddenly turn out to be rotten and bad, despite all your illusions, but it will be even worse, because of their incompetency. You can't just take a random person and make him/her a politician.
Incredibly disappointed to see this partnership with billionaire technocrat malthusian Bill Gates.
We will be the ancients y’all!!!!
vsause music be nostalgic as HELL comment down below if u think so as well
boooooorrrrrrriiiiiiing
PragerU disliked this video
And in a single day, a million people are now wiser.
10:40 - Who else very smugly said to themselves 'not enough information, obviously'.
In summery, we should discuss things with others more. However, I disagree on the evolutionary bias in play here. That being, the presumption that the reasoning we were born with is desirable or the best. Apostle made advances in reasoning itself, and there seemed to be few who could challenge him as they were. Be it through intimidation, rhetoric, or brilliance, the best resolution for everyone is not guaranteed while others lack a matching intelligence, dedication, or will.
Sometimes I feel like the Internet has made our lives easier in all the wrong ways.
Human AGI
I'd love an entire video about the great filter
Welcome to another episode of "Michael makes me think human brain is kinda stupid"
3 months later
I know how to vulcanize rubber lol.
Woah a new video ❤️
Vsauce just gave the only solution to politics and climate change in 30 minutes
Lottocracy...hmm...
Brilliant as always
The problem is not that people can be wrong. That problem is they don't want to discuss and hear other people's reasons.
MAN VSAUCE CAN RUN FOR PRESIDENT & TAKEOVER THIS IS WHAT AMERICA 7 her citizens need vsauce
16:10 hey that's my dad's book ! I'm a long time fan of Vsauce and seeing my father's work pop up in your video just made my day. Very proud of him and thankful for this. Also the video gave me an existential crisis as usual
This man knows the way to a nerds heart, first you make a video on THE TOPIC WHICH NEEDED TO BE DISCUSSED and you end with an Aristotle quote.
My guy literally solved every problem in the world in less than 30 minutes.
its always worth the waiting baby
5:48
Sometimes there is only despair. Then you realize we live in a world where not only is the internet possible, it's real, and I can watch incredible high level philosophical content while making breakfast for free.
Where are your fingers?
I didn't even notice that Michael has his old look back
The nearly half that didn't notice their choices were switched voted for Trump.
Moral if the story:  Always keep coupons handy.
A new Vsauce video? But there's more than a month to my birthday...
Nice explenation
NEW VSAUCE VIDEO!!!
Finnaly someone who sees what i see and have been trying to explain but people think I'm crazy because i dont have the correct information in my head to explain it properly
This comment some day will be the ancients, and i can choose what it is about
The music at 14:15 sounds like Bomberman Hero music.
Every man seeks his own happiness, and the will of man takes not the smallest step except to this end. The pursuit of happiness is the reason for every decision of every man ever, even the one that hangs himself. He, ultimately, decided hanging preferable to whatever else. This is true about the things we choose to believe. We ultimately will believe whatever we want, whatever furthers our goal of chasing the things that delight us and fleeing the things that rob us of that delight. Even if someone makes a logical argument to you and you change your mind, you have only changed it because it seemed, to you, like you would be ultimately more happy if you didn't contradict your logical reasonings
my brain doesn't work well enough to take any of this in rn :(
Lottocracy kind of makes sense
Guys I have a solution for this problem, it should be ready in a decade or so, see ya'll then
EVERY TIME! WHAT THE HECK MICHAEL! DO YOU REALLY HAVE TO END EVERY VIDEO LIKE THAT
The wisdom of crowd is pretty hillarious, when you think about the crowds who were heiling Hitler. They could count candies in the jar, because it is politically neutral task. But in sensitive topics crowd can't be further from truth.
Future governance will be dominated by different aplications of AI. Maybe for another video!
Ah yes, Reason - The arithmetic of emotions
How to basic
My mind is in a jar.
Bro did you really do half an hour of propaganda on bill gate's behalf? That book is full of so much bs.   I stand with Indians farmers and the shit he's doing to them is atrocious.
Is this Vsauce or Zach King
this is the most entp video
Large groups of people have believed damaging things, perhaps due to a lack of critical thinking, maybe some other reason, plenty of times before. I can't just trust to the averaging out effect. There is another way group reasoning can go; mob mentality. I'd go for the lottocracy if I trusted that at least most of the individuals had good analytical and critical thinking skills or some such. But not with the current widespread lack of that.
Thank you for this high quality video. You are a blessing to this world filled with misinformation and polarisation. Talking about reasoning!
Hello Mr sauce
The presupposition of this whole thing is that there is an omnipotent government and the only problem is who controls that government, politicians, or some random people!
Michael is not an elephant. . . . . . Or is it?
DAE Righteous Mind?
So being REALLY social is bad for us but just being social is ok.
5:43 I was waiting for this moment since I arrived
As life expectancy increases, things will become more "immediate".
except censorship now makes it impossible to challenge any idea
Confirmation bias + Reasoning is a group activity ---> adversarial court system.  Confirmation bias turns us all into lawyers for our own case... Which is a good thing if there are many cases engaged in debate.
captions don't match what's spoken
Hey Michael, what watch do you have?
Utterly essential content. Thanks Michael
Wow!.... just wow!
I can't be the only one wanting to say this but.... FUCK YEAH!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
where tf is yoiur mind dude?
We can't stop breathing. Plant more trees.
I was here wondering, why is it so hard to peopple agree on the same idea
Sometimes I forget that he's human, and this is his job
v(sus)
How is he so good at convincing others???
As a certified Awesome Measurer I’d measure elephants at probably a 6
Unfortunately it is against the interest *of* the powerful people that control everything for people of different viewpoints to talk to eachother and reach compromises, and it's become a billion dollar industry to just gaslight people into stubborn hardliners via social media, bad journalism, and talking heads.   Call it apocalyptic, but I find it far more likely that the future of reasoning is one class of people more perfectly, more optimally, and more scientifically limiting or manipulating the reasoning of another class of people.
Explaining reasoning with reasons
I miss the old outro of the game cartridge .  True V Sauce...
how could you dislike vsauce
In my experience people are usually prefer to forbid other people to speak rather that putting their reasons and trying to persuade.
Why is this so deep?
5:50 right, and those with low openness to experience are the most behavioral inert. they find it incredibly difficult to adapt, difficult to remember and learn new things. why? because low openness means low IQ, low intelligence. their brains are too small, too inferior to find interest in things. their thoughts are so limited that they may as well not think at all.  perhaps these hyperobjects will become solvable if humanity's average intellectual capability increased. it's certainly insufficient as of now. unfortunately, intelligence is mostly genetic. it's impossible to increase it after age 6 and even then the effects are small. the only "solution" is to breed out low intelligence. it's essentially "cure the disease, kill the patient/leave them to die". it's not a true solution. and back to our collective drawing board we go....
Bill Gates... really???? WTF!?!?! You went low... Very very low.
Ma boi is bacc
Finally, Vsauce here 🙌
I kinda miss him jumping in front of the camera from the roof
Vsauce is back baby. Yess
We will someday be, the ancients.
Clear, cleaver and forward looking Just love <3
24:45 wait, this wasnt sarcastic?
When we needed him most, he arrived!
Thanks for posting this video. I've always thought of myself as a logical thinker and always tried to be one, but I'm far from perfect I think. But watching your videos are helping me slowly get there, step by step. Hope to see more content like this!
RETURN OF THE KING
Legend
Isn't behavioral inertia an excuse for complacency.   Some of us actually want to change.  Do we have to push everyone else because that's what's being done to maintain the complacency. Shepard's as sheep?? People are referred to as sheep ...Are the brains the same...  I love the idea of a lottocrecy.. But it would have to be completely random without boundaries...   Because the "average" would be more positive result
All of the questions that has been razed in this video, has already been answered in works of classical period of german philosophy. Some light reading of Baruch Spinoza, Georg Wilhelm Friedrich Hegel, Karl Marx is all you need. GL xD
Anti enlightenment gang
Absolutely mindblowing as always
This guy is literally writing down a science-based philosophical essay for each video...  just mindblowing
Wow. Micheal. I like your idea of a lottocracy or as it is known as sortition which was the beginning ground of democracy that started back in ancient Greece. The only down side with that is that it would eventually also get tainted as the rules would be changed to only allow certain people to get picked as immoral/powerful types manipulated the rules of that system trough various means. You see that system just on how it naturally works will eventually bring together bad people that would immediately change the rules to their favor.
Pollution can be solved quite easily force china to become atleast as clean as the USA that would literally reduce all carbon emmisions on earth by atleast 20% i belive it was.
I hope things don't go so bad that future civs be like "we need that legendary 2020s co-operation"
Shout out to eratosthenes
This video is very important.
great lecture Michael, thank you.
Michael is the Alton Brown of his genre.
see's a new vsauce video, closes the door little bit
if i had to....,  I would Pay to Listen to Micheal
i can't remember anything i learned from this video and i'm still watching it
Does Michael have kids?
seems like humans problem isnt software, its hardware, we dont have enough memory to remember everything, so we forget and change our mind depending on our current situation. the solution being shared memory space through history and crowd debate/democratic debate.
Thank you
5:45 nostalgia
I was ready for the “wrong” at 5:44 😁
15:36 When the developer can't fix a bug
Michael, you should be intelligent enough to know that Bill Gates is not a good person. I getting sick and tired of seeing his name everywhere.
17:54 he's just calling us out lmfao
woah philosophy and science is way more awesome than i thought
A light form of lottocracy was tried before in the West (5 Stars Movement in Italy, a populist party) and the random baker bumbling around in the government compared to actual (if crooked) lawmakes became the butt of many political jokes.
New vid lesgoo
So much about human behaviour can be understood if people stop assuming that being accurate and rational is more important to evolutionary success than being pragmatic.
5:47 just feels good.
One of the most primitive forms of reasoning is monkey see monkey do, right? We'll often reach conclusions, a syllogism, based on the wider behavioral patterns of our communities because it's healthier to ensure the conclusion of a place in society - or is it? Hence my use of the word "syllogism". I saw it in your video, and here I am reciprocating that down in the comments below. You'll see it all the time with popular personalities, their communities will commonly pass around similar terms and behavioral patterns relevant to that community; in a sense it might even appear to be a bit of an.. echo chamber. Or, here's another thing, take this problem for example: "A shopping cart is out of its designated area. It's not your cart. Do you accept the duty of returning the cart to its designated area?". Maybe the wider community doesn't consider it their responsibility. You're with someone, they consider it a waste of time, it's somebody else's problem, right? Well, maybe it is. The constabulary hires personnel whos responsibility it is to collect and return carts. It might even seem insane to consider it your responsibility too, does it, when you benefit seemingly nothing and there are people who are being paid to do something you could do. What's the point? It's an easy conclusion to reach, but I'm not smart enough to expound on this extrapolation from your video. I guess what I'm saying is, I'd like to see a video based on the concept of duty. Thanks for all the thought provoking content over the years, Vsauce.
How much is your integrity worth
re- sawn
Only watched about 8 minutes, but I need to comment: MORE PEOPLE NEED TO SEE THIS ... and so I continue watching.
Haven't watched vsauce in like a year and yet I'm still here within a day
I showed this to my alien friend. Now he knows everything.
Ah yes my yearly dose of profound and existential thought
You did it again, you magnificent man; thank you so very much for this incredible content.
I love these videos, and I always learn something.  But I wonder if Michael sees the irony of mocking the idea of looking to the "brilliant scientists and powerful billionaires" while he is collaborating with Bill Gates on this video.  While I think Bill Gates is a brilliant man, he seems to be sticking his nose into things that he likely has little knowledge of.  And, because he is brilliant and a billionaire), people seem to soak it up without recourse.    Just saying...
The idea of picking random people, giving them information and tools and letting them deliberate seems to me like court juries.   Which brings up an interesting parallel between science and legal investigation and decision-making. Figuring out the truth about something is often just like figuring out what someone did, why they did it, and what reaction is reasonable in response. A scientist is an investigator, they collect evidence and piece together the truth. A judge represents the law, and the jury brings a certain level of nuance and humanity.
15:36 God: It's not a bug, it's a feature.
You know you have watched Vsauce for years when you know when the "or is it?" will come in
This guy has his reasons
And as always, thank you for the upload.
Well he made good point for a more democratic democracy, but I still think a reason focused tehnocracy would yield better result more reliably!
When is the world going to realize vsauce is the new sacrates
Great video, I will read about lottocracy and deliberations day. Hopefully we will figure how to deal with this hyperobject and maybe using the methods you prescribe might be the way to complete such a thing.
this is useless information for 30 minutes?
based
Vsauce makes me feel like I have superpowers, even though I’m just like everyone else lmao
"how do you rethink, EVERYTHING?" By taking the things you interact with and know best, and using what Elon Musk calls "First Principles Thinking" to get to the VERY fundamental basics of who you are and how you fit into that system and how it affects you. Then extrapolate that to everyone else, and how they interact with and inflance your set of variables in that system. Then, as Micheal mentions, so that you don't become the Lone Reasoner, which nobody can, you throw those ideas in front of the largest groups you can find into the market of ideas. THAT is the purpose of my channel. To espouse my ideas, because one of them might just work.
Wait...is he Back??
This was gold!
Damn Vsause (michael) you're a bright cookie <3
*Mentions Bill Gates*: Immediately dislikes
Michael! Welcome back!
Ireland has a citizens assembly and it was used for guidance on the 36th amendment (abortion law). I thought it was an excellent process for informing decision making.  https://en.m.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens%27_Assembly_(Ireland)
Although it is very far fetched and overly optimistic I hope we as ancients are remembered as wise.
LESSSS GOOOOOOOOO VSAUCE YEAAAAAH!!!!
First state exactly what your definition of mind is or it’s all waffle
This is my teacher now.
Most people aren't even capable of processing the information needed to hold positions worthy of consideration in the first place. Even if reason occurs after the fact, only some have an informed basis for intuition, while some do not. Estimates of a number of items are perceptual, but if choices are binary(do something, don't do something) or require a more complex basis, the crowd necessarily drags down the informed. There are plenty of obvious examples to draw from where crowds are nothing short of raving lunatics.  Another issue is that people are socially conditioned to reach specific conclusions, instead of conditioned to reach informed ones. Hence why religions are geographic, and politics are familial.  The question of how we might reach the "rightest" course of action is an important one, but if the best we can do is letting the crowd decide, we're probably fucked.
Michael for president... of Earth
He who has ears to hear, let him hear  Don’t play games with you’re soul Jesus loves you so much the signs of the times are there and everywhere for all to see.  now is the day of salvation make the best decision you can make in this world and give you’re life and you’re heart to Jesus accept him as you’re Lord and Saviour understand that eternity is forever with no end no time God loves you so much but nothing is forced but the offer of salvation is there and the rejection of that is hell for all have sinned are guilty before the holy one the judge of all the living God   the judgement of God is near with all that happening in the world the earthquakes the volcanoes it’s obvious that something is going on and you need to get right with God because you’re sins separate you from God. God doesn’t want you to Go to hell which Is why Jesus died for you In you’re place paying the price for you and for the things you’ve committed against God the sins you committed while on this earth so receive the forgiveness of God in Jesus   John 3  For God so [greatly] loved and dearly prized the world, that He [even] gave His [One and] only begotten Son, so that whoever believes and trusts in Him [as Savior] shall not perish, but have eternal life.  Whoever believes and has decided to trust in Him [as personal Savior and Lord] is not judged [for this one, there is no judgment, no rejection, no condemnation]; but the one who does not believe [and has decided to reject Him as personal Savior and Lord] is judged already [that one has been convicted and sentenced], because he has not believed and trusted in the name of the [One and] only begotten Son of God [the One who is truly unique, the only One of His kind, the One who alone can save him].   This is the judgment [that is, the cause for indictment, the test by which people are judged, the basis for the sentence]: the Light has come into the world, and people loved the darkness rather than the Light, for their deeds were evil. For every wrongdoer hates the Light, and does not come to the Light [but shrinks from it] for fear that his [sinful, worthless] activities will be exposed and condemned  . But whoever practices truth [and does what is right—morally, ethically, spiritually] comes to the Light, so that his works may be plainly shown to be what they are—accomplished in God [divinely prompted, done with God’s help, in dependence on Him].”” ‭‭John‬ ‭3:16, 18-21‬ ‭  For the wages which sin pays is death, but the [bountiful] free gift of God is eternal life through (in union with) Jesus Christ our Lord.” ‭‭Romans 6.23  2 Peter3   9The Lord is not slow to do what he has promised, as some think. Instead, he is patient with you, because he does not want anyone to be destroyed, but wants all to turn away from their sins
what a powerfull episode, I loved it
Michal: Your brain helps you remember, plan, make jugment, solve problems... Sans: 𝓹𝓻𝓸𝓫𝓵𝓮𝓶 𝓼𝓸𝓵𝓿𝓮𝓭.
It feels like one of the old videos that we missed so much. Thank you for this!
Can those who disliked this video give us their reasons? I am interested.
Wow! I cant believe Vsauce made a refrence to the hit punk band Pixies in the first couple of seconds!
I learn more on Michael more than my teachers
good stream of thoughts thank you
Return of the king!
This video corrupted my data 🤯 we are all out here just One upping each other over everything.
Finally
I would really love to hear Vsauce talking about his opinion about school and the school system.
have you already talked about how if humanity mentally evolved to live in big societies how it would look like?
21:32. Uh, we trust big decisions to a single person all the time. Your supervisor or boss constantly makes big decisions for you all the time. As great as a "lottocracy" might be, the simple fact that the powerful aren't interested in "the wisdom of the crowd" makes all this a moot point. Powerful people are not just going to let some random person dethrone them. Even when large groups of people vote a specific way on an issue , it might take decades before people in power finally give in.
holy shit!
Kudos to Vsauce for explaining climate change without even saying "CO2" or "Climate change"
vswaus will never be tainted in my image but Kill Gates is literally the devil
I'm inclined to disagree for a few points. To list a few;  The social theory assumes that someone could acquire all the information and come to a "truer" conclusion. While in reality, that's impossible for one person to do, and there is no ultimate truth for individuals. There's hardly an ultimate anything in science itself judging by our track record of revisions.  Another being... I can't say "crowds" reason better. There might be more brains in the crowd, but I would point to atrocities and mistakes the world over, along with the single phrase "mob mentality" to explain why crowds make the worst reasoners. Or perhaps the best decision isn't always the easiest to swallow, and can lead to harsh places that might grate against our "intuitive" morality.  Gotta say though... I love the idea of a lottocracy.
Great video! Lottocracy actually sounds like BEAUTIFUL idea.
Finally
“Iconic figures we can relate to are not bad” -An iconic figure we can relate to
Other ppl get some profound learning from Vsauce... I learned that my brain is essentially just a blob of tofu.
Thanks for another great video Michael! Hopefully this reaches the people who need it the most... Whether or not they realize it
If you really want to reach people with this message, you shouldnt advertise that you are collabing with bill gates in any way.
It's him guys
Vsauce looking more and more like Sultan Suleiman from 'The Magnificent Century' every year
Brain. Thinking.         That is all.
11:44 soos did it, why cant we?
As someone who has always struggled to understand how people could be so foolish as to not do anything about climate change riddled with confusion as I watch people deny what I know to be facts, this video has actually really helped me with understanding this and I love the practical use suggestions at the end too, especially if the lottocracy is given evidence and findings etc on the given topic they are making a decision on and then they deliberate just as a jury does, I think that could actually be a great way of at the very least advising on and guiding our responses to these issues. Thanks!!
FINALLY!
Heyyyyyy Michael, Vsauce here
Michael what are you smoking ?
Fewer people are dying of natural disasters, not more. If your ideas are an outgrowth of that incorrect assumption you need to rethink those ideas.
"The flaws are intentional".  YES!!! We need to be shouting his off the rooftops.  As someone that studied (and is studying) both economics and psychology, I cannot begin to describe the number of time my inner economist has been exasperated by irrational behaviour only to be informed by my inner evolutionary psychologist as to why this behaviour isn't actually irrational when contextualised differently and in fact my economic assumptions are flawed.
Absolutely despicable to be peddling this garbage from Gates.
Lottocracy would be worse. It could be even more easily corrupt than what we have now. And the individuals health (not even talking about their knowledge) would be a concern because of the influence it has on reasoning. Perfect example, sleepy Joe, he can't make decisions. Well he isn't the one making them 😉.
Finally 😊
That’s what tictok is
Damn why isn’t Vsauce president
The king returns 🙌
I click on his new video as soon as I see it in my feed😄
He's Back!!!
Adding awesometer to my wish list
Thats deep
The idea of a lottocracy sounds appealing to me. Can we do as the video suggests and discuss it? I wanna hear people's opinions on if it could work in real life.
Man I feel like it's been a century since I've seen you,  Vsauce! Michael here!
Return of the King
this needs more than 1,000,000 views
CGP Grey: I do not intend on dying. I will be a witness to the future in my robot body.  Vsauce: I will be so influential and important that the future will need to bring me back to life.
Yup. Just like how Americans destroyed the Third-Pound Burger over the Quarter Pounder because they can't work out that a third is more than a fourth, instead saying "three is less than four".  Maths is a beautiful thing... but human minds were rarely designed for it.
Oh my gosh, he's virtue signalling... BBBBOOOOO!!!! 😡
so glad I live in the digital age
Vsauce is the one youtuber who uploads rarely but the video he uploads will have me captivated to the screen for the duration of the video .... What A Legend !!
You are not an elephant indeed but you're awesome tho, thanks for the video
Holly shh!! This was AWESOME!!! feel like my brain has been plugged into a whole and wonderfully coherent new world of ideas and information while at the same time been healed of mistakes I was unaware of.   Thank you so much Vsauce for the healthy and tasty brain food you’ve just delivered to my consciousness door 🙏🙏 forever a supporter of your work.
But Michael i cant go to ABC Burgers i'm a warranted criminal ffs
awesome-ometor sounds like something that would be in the new curiosity box
"Talking through opinions and comparing reasons"....I don't want to be negative here...the idea is great, but there better be some guards posted....
Make more videos... please!!
I just had a reaseption
awesome
Vsauce is too good for this world.
May your videos live to become a hyper object.
My love for VSauce is pronounced as my hatred for Bill Gates
I only watched it once, but I think purposely he avoided to say climate change and global warming. Except when he mentions the book. I wonder how many people actually got the point of  this 30 min talk about reasoning. It was a great talk nevertheless.
Return of the King
I think the biggest problem with a lottocracy is that you will eventually have a major decision made by a group of people who, through random selection, already have the same opinion. Of course, you could make this exponentially less likely by having a bigger group, but bigger groups have a harder time deliberating.   What you could do I think is, at least in the US, have each state make a small group of people that deliberate, then have that small group deliberate with other states' groups until you eventually reach a national consensus... but this sounds like a long process that is decently likely to be influenced from the outside.
ok
Return of the King
COUPON PogU
oh my god Vsauce
1:57 I'd be lying to say I wasn't at least a little bit disappointed.
Now this is an unbelievably sick burn, love the subtle shade
Genuinely this is a good idea, a lottocracy.. but now how to get it implemented is the question.
he is the only youtuber that you have no problem waiting  for his videos for months because it is worth it.
Mind blown🤯
Where are your hands reference let’s go
this is pretty much how the "Citizens Convention for Climate" works in France (peoples taken at random, getting informations and working together to give propositions to avoid climate disaster) the problem : it's a new thing with no real power and obviously every conservative political parties are against their propositions...
I love you Micheal
Yay, Vsauce is back!
"surely we would be better if we were more rational"   I think I know what you're saying, but it's kind of obvious that society would be better off without the massive mountain of misinformation than anti-rational people keep putting between us and progress. Superstitions and conspiracy theories are very much holding us back. I cannot claim that society would be perfect without it but I cannot think of one reason we should tolerate the kind of anti-science crap we're forced to endure daily. If we are to have any empathy, honesty and integrity would be a major first step. Access to knowledge, protection against misinformation, protection against superstitious lobbying, or worse, superstitious violence and superstitious sabotage.
Who gets to decide whats fair? THE WINNERS ( mostly the rich)  winners make the rules. losers just follow. PROVE ME WRONG.  i will end covid, climate change, poverty, illiteracy and world hunger by tomorrow
Lets goo!!!!
bill gates really made everyone market his book for free. people forget how he built his company
I’m not an elephant..... or am I??
I told my girlfriend "NO" because of this video
Wow he finally uploaded a video!     Or did he?  *Moon Men starts playing*
ok so my brain doesn't belong to my soul...
Not that anyone asked, but I'm very scared of 2021, because 2+0+2+1 = 5, which is the exact amount of fingers Hitler had on his right hand...
V-sauce makes me question life
New ways to solve complex problems. Thanks Michael!
hey uncle vsauce!
Wow, this was incredible, thank you vsause. you somehow opened a new source of hope for the future in my mind that i didn't know was there. Jesus christ I love you
Try reasoning with people who reject science and logic, redefine definitions as they please, and appeal to esoteric truths, only revealed to a select group of "marginalized" people.  Hail Critical Theory...
Try convincing a flat earther
Oh hey michaellll
I need the backstory for this video's thumbnail
15:34 Micheal: “it’s not a bug it’s a feature”
Thank you Vsauce
Quantum recreation is such a badass concept. Coming back to life in a future of a more advanced society... sounds like the rapture but as sci-fi. Very cool
Gay
I think I learn more from you than school.....
Yayyyyyyyy!
Day 1 of expecting Vsauce to say "How fast can you run?"
See you guys in 2022
fuck this, gates actively is harming the vaccine effort. capitalists will do nothing to protect the planet nor its people. bloodsucking vampire. i can’t believe you stooped to this level of propaganda
Hey so why do you take money from Bill Gates? Millions are dying in the third world because of his extremely suspect way of funding vaccines. Very disappointing
So what you're saying is that "humanity" is a hyperobject, which is now butting up against some contradictory hyperobjects.
Isaac Asimov's trilogy of books: Foundation: Megacomputers that have all the info on how human minds work could be able to prognosticate what's the best course of actions for us.
new vibe music in the background while learning about how we learn
Hey Michael, Vsause here just wanted to thank you for coming back
yet another amazing video
Well isn't that something to ponder about during the next 6 months until the next video
I've been saying for years we should have lotteries instead of elections. Give everyone a voice. 😁
After years of many squats, Michael finally is able to be as fast as the Flash and bring objects in front of the camera without us even noticing. Looks like teleportation.
I'm not the elephant, or is it? 😁
All this time I thought Michael was awesome and a elephant
You're talking to an audience who isn't at fault for the issue at hand.
Thank you wise man.
The pandemic fast tracked lone reasoning
The madman just shattared my life perspective like it was nothing
More
Anyone else been pondering this for the last month as well?! Thank you VSauce for bringing me back from loneliness.
I'm worried it looks like he's recording the video from a prison hhh hope you're okay, keep your brain locked away and safe
love your videos
The king has returned
Shut the video off as soon as you pulled out the Bill Gates book and announced a partnership. Sad to see you indoctrinated by the new world order, I really thought you were different Michael. Smh dude this is truly upsetting. If I were to use reason, it would tell me not to take climate advice from the guy who develops software, just as someone who develops software wouldn't take advice from a climate scientist. Bill gates and his whole family are corrupt billionaires who control the flow information across the internet and he made vaccines that made people sick and didnt work at all. So you're telling me to use reason but also disregarding reason yourself? Lmao, I hope you eventually see the light, have a nice day
i started watching this channel one week ago and i gotta say its awesome
Heeeyyyy Vsauce. Genocide and ecofash apologia here.  No thanks, I'm out.
Great video
ew bill gates
that quantum rebuilding of dead people gives me shivers, because it's something i thought about many times.
casa comigo michael do vsauce casa comigo
vee sors are back
Vsauce
Yessssss   I've literally been thinking the last weeks that what's missing in my life is a way to effectively expand my mind. It's what is currently driving me to learn about computing, management, AI and much more. I'm absolutely dreaming about how future humanity will have created more ways to expand the abilities of their minds and bodies. And I'm looking forward to whatever part of it will happen during my lifetime.
I'm completely reasonable person, and I don't care what other people think about my reasoning. Sociable persons doesn't reason a lot.
The sauce we need but don't deserve.
Can someone help me find the study on the political allegiance and how flexible their ideologies were? He mentions it at 13:00 but I can't seem to find it
DEEP, that's all I can say about this awesome video.
The legend is back with videos that aren’t shorts
Thank you so much for the video Michael, it was so interesting
Normal beard back baby
Brain developed in linear time unable to predict exponential changes.
Citizens' Assemblies - they make total sense.
Quality, not quantity! I have always absolutely loved your content. The juice is always worth the squeeze! Thanks
This is the sauce.
Existential crisis inbound
22:27 to 23:36 sounds a bit like a meta-commentary.
Thanks, Michael
The magician in this story is like Legacy Media, except the media makes the choice for you, switches them around, and then gives you your explanations for why you chose them.
Actually we are extremely venomous. Our bites and scratches can kill.
I don’t get it
Seriously Michael, we love these videos so much. Thank you for any time you’ve been able to give toward making these. We will always want more, but we understand the toll. Thanks again.
I only have one question that comes to mind, why the watch? It's inconsistent, either wear it or don't. I'm sure that vsauce was trying to be sneaky but it was most of what I could think about the last 10 minutes or so of the video, but I don't know how many times it disappeared. I think like twice throughout the video.
Rules of reasoning. 1. "You can't win a battle of wits against an unarmed adversary."
WHAT THE HELL HAPPEND TO VSAUCE MUSIC??
14:03 Perplexing... maybe the autistic brain with deficiency of reading body language and other social cues there is a higher potential for "impromtpu reasoning" though often wrong result.  The constant mind burner of trying to simulate the response that often comes natural to others.
Michael: Our minds help us remember, plan, make judgements and solve problems. Me: I'm not sure about everything else but I think I'm already way above quota with the "make judgments" part.
28:30 That's just basically twitter. Or any social media based on participating and talking
or, y'know, socialism  wait of course not haha this video's sponsored by Bill Gates 🤣 if he really thought this then Microsoft would be unionized
What do u think of souls vsause
This video made in collaboration with Bill Gates somehow evolved to have an anti-capitalist subtext and I love it
Can't wait for the Anti-Vax Muppets to bring up how this is Satanic Bill Gates Propaganda and how Michael loves diddling kids or something.
There's no truths but just  beliefs.
i like how things that i usually think about are verbalised so carefully it becomes clear what do I really think about
It's a new VSauce video... Or is it????
Kratos is back and so, I'm here again to heed his wisdom.
the King is back again
The "lottocracy" is a very interesting concept...
Anyone find the image of the thumbnail or at 4:53 for a wallpaper?
We live in a society
Can we please see a video a day from you
He just quoted Shakespeare lol
4:57 "the fact that we stil haven't found evidence of intelligent life beyond" cmon man we've all seen the navy videos of the ufo's.
A goal is very helpful. For example. Two people are arguing about politics. Just throw all their other desires out of the window and just look at one. Peter wants a job while Susan wants more social justice. They start a discussion in a political idea. Now Peter will possibly be won over by arguments that have something to do with him getting a job and Susan by one that has something to do with social justice. They are arguing about the same idea but every argument Susan makes is unreasonable to Peter and the other way around. They have different goals. If both agree on what values are important and what they want as a goal that the idea they are discussing should fullfil, then they are enabled to use logic. Because the discussion all of a sudden became a puzzle.
that was the greatest YouTube video I've ever seen. Amazing job, Micheal!
Looks like vsauce has gone deep state. Fuck Bill Gates and fuck vsauce for partnering with the cabal!
It will be tough challenge for us to reason others free from religions, nationalism and other focused and local ideas, into cooperating, evidence based humanity. Our leaders must always seek council, not grasp in their own idealism. If most of the powerful people understood that reason comes second to conclusion.. It would be a step forward.  Im worried about great filter being hunanitys inability to cooperate and clinging on  conclusions that are based on tradition with zero truth in them. When sharing one single planet with large but limited resources, there is no room for closed and competetive mind set which only cares about their own group of people.
If I get a headache it’s in my head
Everybody gangsta til Michael says "what if" and the video REALLY starts..
That might be your most important video yet :), very well done.  I don’t know if you are aware of the climate convention that happened in france in 2019? Macron allowed citizens to be chosen at random and, through discussion with expert, to learn about the subject, and to come up with mesures to make the country more sustainable. Most selected citizens were far from being aware of the amount of change required, and would certainly not have voted in the first place, for the mesures they ended up proposing. Sadly, this result was way more than what macron expected, and most impactful mesures where stiffled, despite initial promises of very wide acceptance. Now, i didn’t necessarily agree with *all* the mesures, but at least they came through a much more democratic process than what we have been used to, and they seemed more impactful than anything that has been put on the table yet. https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Citizens_Convention_for_Climate
Thank you for your insight
This video is so relevant to the political climate in the world.
I am not an elephant....or am I?
Omg new vsauce!
as ever, the greatest
He may not be an elephant but Michael is still awesome
Guess whos back
And then thank you sir.....
Internet culture is mental rot
Can't wait for this video to be used as an argument online
11:00 "yes, a married person is looking at an unmarried person" Me: yea I got that "because if Mary is married she's looking at an unmarried person, if she's unmarried a married person is looking at her" Me: oh... I thought because her name was Mary she could be considered Mary'ed but your explanation is good too
It is really hard to not immediately conclude that lotteries will fail and start reasoning against them. And, well, the video was just about that...
Love the idea at the end, unfortunately that's a utopian ideal, much like socialism. You know with the way things are, atm especially, they'd be like, "You gotta have a random one from every race, and sexual orientation, background, and geography." Defeating the purpose of random selection in the first place. If you didn't, you'd have people complaining-- for example if there were none of their 'group' randomly selected, because statistically that is very possible-- that it didn't speak for them, no one of their view point was there to 'represent them' and thus making the selection unfair or bias (which logically makes no sense, but as stated in your video conclusions > reasons).  The problem is the trade offs logic has to make for feelings- ultimately. You have to be 'empathetic' to other people instead of just doing what is right. Because of that forced balance utopian ideals like lottocracy and socialism will ultimately fail. Either everyone needs to abandon logic and just live by emotions, or everyone needs to live by logic and put emotions to the side.   TL;DR  : What is 'right' is the issue.   As a society we have to decide, is shielding someone's ego/self interests right or is acting in the best interest of others regardless of hurting them right? As long as we try to balance both, we'll never move forward. The shifting of the power will hold sway-- the pendulum will just continue to swing and things will continue to repeat over and over again as it has for time immemorial.
If a large group of idiots decide that it's best to jump off a cliff, then the lone guy standing on the cliff apparently is going to look really stupid. According to Michael here anyway. It's important to understand that Truth can both be absolute and conditional and if an individual guides himself by absolute truth and is unwavering, he will still be considered a lunatic. Trusting people that don't share your same view is not an enticing prospect, but trusting absolute truth is. Don't put more faith in others, put faith into yourself and the truth. Think for yourself, don't be a sheep
I couldn’t stop thinking my f-Ing plague inc game was open!!!!
I am confused 🤔🤔 Or am I
He knows those out of context videos exist
This video couldn't be more important than now.
I loved this video, but this video almost doesn’t seem like Vsauce. It looks almost too professional, i miss the crazy short-bearded Michael
Educational videos. Wow!
What I was thinking is that we need more evidence-believers as decision makers instead of random rumour-believers. But the way you put it, we need all of us. That is huge shift of perspective, if my brain ever gets convinced to make it. But at the same time the evidence-believers that I want making decisions, are the ones that gave rise to the concept you talk about. So evidence wins, but not in a way that we bully non-evidence-believers, but in a way that we include them as well.❤️ If that isn't awesome, I don't know what is.
Hey Michael, just wanted to let you know we aren't "programmed to be bad". Some people just make no effort. I was traumatized in my childhood and I can 100% vouch that bias in this world doesn't come from bad intent, unless we're talking about someone with bad intent. It does however come from a lack of objective awareness and memory. Our brain is designed to work at a small scale and humans are terrible at adapting consciously, they'd rather just keep profiting from the status quo.  edit: I'm also always aware of postures and body language, even my own. Having a different frame of mind definitely is achievable, only, convincing everyone to adopt it is a much harder task lol.  Oh and btw,  the more self-trust someone has, the less likely they are to agree that it's necessary to reframe their way of viewing existence. If everyone valued the collective benefice and greater good instead of individualistic pride and success, then we would be ready for the next step of human evolution, but people get offended when reminded of their own insignificance in the grand scheme of society, instead of seeing the benefits of approaching everything from that frame of mind. We could all be united through our specie but hate and corruption get in the way. That's why decentralization is the next step in human society.
5:45 AAAAWWW YEAAAAAAA IT'S HAPPENING
the man
This man is scary but at the same time really interesting
Vsauce finally relases a video and am like "aawww yes"
Thanks Micheal!
v sauce why do you make me reconsider me entire life after every video you put out ?
This might be the most interesting video you've made so far, and that's a he** of a feat for you.
Reason only com from the smell of our own poo really…
Michael has discovered the Anti-Life Equation.
I am here for the beard growth time lapse!
made us suffer less OMEGALUL
wsg future people by the time your reading this im dead
935,733 viewer
So we like puzzles because reasoning was pleasurable, which is how it evolved... circular reasoning
The font Michael always uses is called Alsina
I miss you.
Hi
Never thought I would live to see the day you were shilling for Bill Gates. Brave of you to assume we just always need a government. "The belief that what currently exists must necessarily exist is the acid which corrodes all visionary thinking"  I don't have to point out the obvious flaws in "lottocracy" do I?
I missed the classic Vsauce videos. These recent shorts weren’t my cup of tea.
I feel like the person in my brain isn’t the person who actually articulates the words that decide to come out thine mouth hole
A trial of a lottocratic government could be amazing
Looks like I'm too early still, there are no note worthy comments other than just memes
possibly world-changing vid. epic
New video moment?
Lmao molecules go 💃
Was here before 1 million views
How do I thumb up this video 5 times?
Good point. Just by being many, we can cut down on deliberation time. Being slow is what we can't afford to be.  The creatures of habit we are screams in agony at the thought, but we're collectively wandering into quicksand because we lack deliberate AND quick action. Reforming governments to provide us with adequate solutions is the hard part.
Love the video but I hope that lottocracy stuff was a joke. It would be way to easy for the rich to exploit, bribe or corrupt policy makers.  I give a society like that 5years before everything descends into assassination plots and riots.
Never did I think I’d see Michael Stevens giving a seminar on why free speech is important.
I disagree.
10:44 But how do we know that Mary is a person?
I have a book on debate and fallacies that was printed in the 50s. Even then, it clearly explains that logic and reason are usually not enough to convince people of your views. You have to appeal to emotion, find common ground, and empathize. This is also true in politics, which is why screaming about one's political opponents being unscientific or irrational is a futile, unreasonable, and  illogical exercise.
I'm only a minute in and my jaw has already been dropped.
TL;DR: The issue with lottocracy as a system is a problem that we all know, one that could even be called a hyperobject: Deception.  What Michael talked about here is largely true, however, he decided to avoid lies and the reasoning behind them. As humans, we have become so amazingly adept at lying that entire fields of study investigate the evolution and mastering of deceptive language. Imagine the set-up and mass introduction to lottocracy that would occur in a state that has newly adopted the system. What would the average person have concerns about? I believe that the major issue would be in regards to who started it and who ensured its success. If the person starting the change is corrupt, so could be the system.   Who, or what, runs these lotteries? How could the lot be accessed to alter the results? How do we ensure that the lottocratic government doesn't abuse its powers, and what powers would they have? If the society's leadership is entirely randomized, who will lead our cultures? Our religions? Will these concepts even exist beyond the "politically perfect" world we now live in?  That being said, a true lottocracy-- without a chance of corruption-- would be spectacular to participate in. To accomplish this, we'd have to purge all lies, and with that purge all forms of privacy. Objective truth and logic would have to prevail; otherwise, we would fall to the grasp of bias and falsities.  Humans lie about what they like, who they know, where they've been, how they traveled, everything. If we can deceive others on these incredibly simple ideas and see no harm, what will keep us from lying about the most essential topics in a similar way? Due to the first lie, there can be no certain truth. Once we start, there is no stopping the suspicion. The temptation to lie is contagious, and it will be the greatest test of all for us to eradicate it.  Now, this may cause some readers to suddenly recognize the values of a privacy-less society. How it may benefit us, and the ways we can evolve using it. However, I wish to remind you all of the reason why this will never come to fruition. Examine the overall messages of movies like The Circle, books like 1984. Both examples show the value of privacy, along with the prices we would pay to preserve a fully honest world. Lies may be our downfall, but they are also our safety against those who choose evil concepts to motivate themselves.  Remove deception, and everyone will begin to receive valid reasons for murder. No matter who you are, there is someone out there who sees you as garbage compared to them. All it can take is a push in the right direction for chaos will spark.  [END OF SELF-FLATTERING, EGO-RAISING RAMBLE]
Absolutely fucking brilliant, thanks for that
In the future when scientists look back in the human era, they will find a thick layer of just plastic.
Hello Michael, Vsauce here!
‘Reasoning evolved to be used socially’ is vsauce a group selectionist??? Cognitive bias evolved because we only need to do half the work that way?? Or could it be part of the self serving bias to portray yourself in a better light to gain alliances?
*my* reasoning isn't improving as I go along, my brain is pretty much at it's limit after the first rebuttal XD
Love the yearly uploads, keep it up
_psychology_
The real question is, why Vsauce videos are so entertaining/informative and why i need to watch it several times to fully grasp its content.
The problem with lottery - or basing any ideas of government on the Greeks (including Spartiates) -  is that they were all societies based on slavery. No one with slaves would ever want to vote away their right to have slaves.
Brilliant!
the idea of a government formed by simply choosing random people, and then having them deliberate on issues, is a truly fascinating idea. that the more I think about could really solve a lot of the problems we face in the world.
I think i’m too stupid for this.
The idea of random people with little to no experience in governing giving their recommendations on how things should run and us listen to them is terrifying. But maybe it can work? Idk.
The last 10 mins hit soo hard
Really great video! I like your philsophic sharpness and effective wording!! One add on: Not to forget that reasoning as a group or society is not only of sharing research ressources (not in the past) but also for acceptance of a decision by the group reasoning
Da baby convertible
The return of the King
Welcome back to the Matrix, Michael
this entire video is just bullshit with no real point
Yooo finally a full episode is back. I’m so happy! Cheers Michael
babe wake up, new vsauce video dropped
hell yeah we love that dark ecology
Oh... It's another climate change video... PASS!!!
Best Vsauce video in a while. Awesome video
5:42 Been waiting for the theme song question reveal for half a year.
everybody gangsta until Vsauce posts a new video
Hey Bill Gates, if you read this, know that crypto-technology will solve worldwide issues by decentralizing power, whether you join the ship or not :)  edit: yeah this whole video is basically a propaganda from bill gates who hates that his power will become worthless with decentralisation. Time to pump and dump out of anger i guess. Because we're not stopping.
My mind is on my money. And below my money
And when the world needed him most, he returned
It is sad to see that the majority of comments arent related with the topic of the video. Not a single opinion regarding the subject.
11:40  Barney Stinson: Allow me to introduce myself...
i fucking love this man
My existentialism is back.
You might not be an elephant but you’re still awesome!
5:47 there it is...
I know it's been said a million times, but god, Vsauce is probably the most high quality content on the internet.
why conflate reason with factual analysis? When its explained 2 minutes prior and then forgotton? For a premise > premise > false conclusion?  Giving me hard socialist, means of production owned by the people talking points, is it just me?
5:43 the real video begins here
After years of watching this channel I have to say that this is the one video where I disagree in a lot of points. The reason why people come to different conclusions is that they have different starting points. These can be ethical (e.g. a politician believing that his population is more important than the global population) or factual (e.g. someone believing that climate change is true with a 99% certainty due to scientific evidence). Ethical axioms are complicated and most often they can't be "true" or "false". They're innate values. Factual statements can however be true or false. If someone's reasoning is valid but their axiom is factually false then their conclusion is false.  On the other hand, there's also people who are just very bad at reasoning. Many people don't really have reasons as for why they do something. They just follow their feelings and intuition. For some people, even if they had factually correct axioms, they woud likely not arrive at a valid conclusion due to their poor reasoning skills. Actually, the majority of people either 1) are bad at reasoning, 2) believe in factually false information, or 3) just don't have enough information about a subject to be able to come to a valid and true conclusion.
The new king of the world pledges all the solve we will ever need.   Look for another politician, the ultimate politician and ultimate self-serving opportunist with ulterior motives. If power seduces men to corruption just imagine the power to which power tends to give rise for the one with all the answers. The ultimate solution for the ultimate problem.  The only problem is the solution. And the only solution is the problem. That is the rub, friend. (or is it.. Yes)
Bill Gates may be correct on this, but he is right now standing in the way of vaccine access in many countries. The promised 2 billion doses his program was supposed to deliver was already inadequate and so far, they've only delivered about 38 million. Meanwhile, he is lying about the existence of capacity for production not being used because the pharmaceutical companies in which he is heavily invested are not releasing their patents and their lobbying with his help is getting the US government to prevent the patents from being released.  Not the best time for a science communicator to be taking his money. And yet, they all are, it seems.  And all this while crazy people think Gates is trying to put chips in people with vaccines, which is dumb for so many reasons, the least of which is because if he were, he'd be ensuring more vaccines are getting out there.
Been a while Vsauce!
I need a transcript of this.
Or we could just make any kind of lobbying illegal...
single best piece of philosophy ive heard from this millenium
This man got a weird upload schedule...
Michael, it is deeply concerning your use and partnership with the bill and melinda gates foundation for work when ot comes to education. Letting any very rich and powerful person (or people), no matter how extensive their philanthropy, be a leader in anything educational is completely Irresponsible. The answer to bill gates' book, "how to stop a climate disaster," is to completely stop consumerism in its tracks, starting with holding the top 100 companies responsible for 71% of the pollution that occurs today.  The people in power desperately do not want to give up a world where people clamor for everything, and therefore will buy anything when given the chance. You take away Capital's ability to make people want, you take away Capital's power.
0:05 when you encounter an antivaxx parent
Time for a lesson.
Oj
Partnership with Bill Gates, that guy who befriended Epstein after Epstein plead guilty to two charges of solicitation of prostitution after being charged with sex with a minor? Plus all the civil suits from abused women?
Best show on the tube
I missed these more sociological videos that vsauce used to do a few years ago.
Lost me at bill gates, I think your great but he isn’t! Do better
nice
The king returns
Thanks for the facts and perspective Michael!
Big daddy sause is back to deliver another slam
I discovered your channel last year in quarantine and I was so sad when I had binge watched all of it. SO happy to see a new video from you
Why am I always scared while watching these videos
Imagine Michael plays among us :Michael is the impostor Michael: Or am I?
You clearly don't know AWESOM-O
Even if my english is not good enough to catch all the details: I LOVE THIS VIDEO!!  One of the secrets, for me, is to realize we are not "perfect". And that means destroy the "perfection" of evrything someone could find "perfect".  Logic is not life, but even logic could be "imperfect"... we will see if I can proof it. For the best of the logic systems.
HES ALIVE       AGAIN
I hate bill gates, but I love vsauce... im so torn rn
Hmm, are all these studies made in the us or around the world? I wonder how much this differs
The legend is back 😎
Something crazy here is that even mathematical proofs, which are often seen as the lonely act of chaining logical rules, have in fact the same mathematical structure as strategies in two player games. This means that mathematically a proof is really just a way of convincing someone you're right and the opponent tries to prove you wrong. Proofs are an interactive process
The lottocracy part is interesting. But then I wonder, which part of the government can it be applied to? Because obviously, you can't use that on something like minister because you REALLY don't want some random bum on the street to manage your money, expertise is needed for that. But in a way, the decision-making will also be influenced by the expert; the minister, which defeats the purpose of lottocracy; those ministers are not randomly selected after all.  I guess this can be used to replace the outdated system of senate where plenty of time republican and democrat choose what benefits their own side than the nation itself (51:49 votes happen a lot) But other than that I can't see it used to replace anything without a complete restructure of democracy system as a whole
I'm sorry but who disliked this. Come on I want names
One of the greatest videos I’ve ever seen on YouTube
Hello students of future
V Sauce dropping some anarchist theory? In conjunction with Bill Gates? There's some serious cognitive dissonance occurring. Still, gotta love the the yearly V Sauce vid.
Philosophy.
Who does the neo-soul licks in the background that guy deserves some credit.
I usually only watch his older videos, so I’m not really caught up but why didn’t the regular music play when he asked the question? Did he get rid of it?
ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! VSAUCE deliberates!
I started to lose interest when he said that we don't have proof of extra terrestrial life 🤦‍♂️  Then he said that he teamed up with Bill? What the hell?
Me: sometimes my reasoning doesn't seem reasonable in the slightest. My anxiety: *o h  h e cc he's on t o  u s*
26:15 Ah yes, communism is aGAiNsT hUMaN nATuRe
There is no future of reasoning because reasoning is deemed to be oppressive in the eye of the leftist.
critical👏reasoning👏in👏schools👏
Bloody jump scares .....
My reasoning says that if a person needs more than one reason to go to ABC burgers they're either a dangerous sociopath or an alien trying to infiltrate society.
ur intro made me go the a mental hospital cause you gave me a heart attack
HE LIVES :D
Here before 1 milion views
As always... Thanks for an amazing piece of thought provoking concepts. Dude! If there would be an awesome-ometer, you would be at the top of it
Wait… is it 2015?  The before time? The long, long ago?
I love your videos.
Today is my bday.  It was an awesome surprise to wake up to.
missed u
Vsauce: Pulls brain out of skull Me, a memer: Shut up
thanks, Michael, for an excellent episode in your series
Nice contribution, Michael. I figured that, in other words, you just went throught the concepts of dialectical logic, the need for praxis (constant articulation of theory and practice) and communal power and decision-making. All in a very comprehensible and accessible way. Hegel, Marx and Engels would be very proud of you.  What you called 'lottocracy' would just be the power of the people. We don't really need to select a few people by random if we learn from the experience of every socialist country with their soviets, communes or whatever and improve on them, as the concept is exactly that: have as many people as possible to make the decisions.  Also, billionaires in general are precisely the ones that impede our social progress through the use of patents (check Gates' position on COVID19 vaccine patent waiver) but specially, through the use of accumulation of wealth translated into political power.
Does anyone know what song is used at the end?
According to the minosofial encyclopaedic phermath is said to be famnius realm aura coreniasm
I love old style bricks
You proved me soo wrong.
Jurors are not chosen at random because their factors for disqualification weed out targeted demographics.
All this So good
We need a #SuperLike
Vsauce took "quality over quantity" quite literally.
A lottocracy sounds very nice, but who gets to come up with the agendas and how could we prevent those who come up with agendas to not manipulate and abuse those agendas for their own personal gain?
I kind of feel like this video has a subliminal message that defends the screwed up world we live in and that somehow there's logic behind all the nonsense that happens.  Also, what's with the porno music in the background? lol
Oh meow, this video made me feel a lot better with my existential crisis and derealization, like for real.
* Reasoning in a futuristic way *
Okay, Bill Gates
I generally don't dislike videos, but since this one is in collab with Kill Bates, no thanks
Anyone can run for president or for the senate but it takes having a reputation already and money. That's the problem with Arostle's democracy combined with capitalism. People are free to do what they want but they need to make the money to do it.
Confronting your own beliefs is painful. Doing it alone is all but impossible. A group can give you comfort in the form of empathy and socialization.
After all those in charge, scientist billionaires will surely come to the rescue *FOR A PRICE* i believe this would fit XD
As the videos have gotten longer, it’s becoming clearer how much source material he is compiling and synthesizing. It’s really incredible.
Hello! i like vsauce
I don’t really believe in global warming, but this was pretty interesting.
Where are your fingers? Where is your mind?
I love people that always backstab their own reasonings, then turn around and face the threat with more reasoning just to backstab themselves again, continueing on an iterative cycle! It might not be enjoyable but it surely is kind of functional.
What a video man. I'm speechless
10:50 Not enough information, we don't know if they are all people or not. Mary could be a dog.
We’ve found living species in space, but not in space. Instead multiple government base employees have witnessed a fast flying object in the sky, and where unable to catch it before it disappeared.   TLDR : Other things that exists are to advanced for us to catch.
Im high staring at him talking without understanding ANYTHING he be sayin
I think it's time for me to rethink my opinion on the jury system. This video gave me some decent reasons on why it could actually be a better system than to leave decisions to an educated, but singular judge.
I have a problem with the Great Filter as a term. The wording hints that it's some phase that you pass through and then your species is home free. But I don't think that's true. Every time a species discovers a new way of destroying itself, it's a new permanent threat to their existence. Knowledge is hard to control and it's always easier to destroy than to create. When you add access to advanced automation to the mix, it makes individuals or small groups capable of doing massively destructive things.  I know Michael was talking about climate change here and not AGIs, nuclear holocaust, or 3d-printed viruses. But I don't believe that uncontrolled climate change is the main killer of advanced civilizations.
I wondered why so much dislikes, then you mention working with Bill Gates.... dude
Nothing like collaborating with the Bill Gates Foundation while he's actively blocking developing nations from making Covid- 19 vaccines.
LOTR 3
when the smart kid is asked what's his reason for his answer
Such a good video
This turned my day around :)
hi king missed u <3
I think an important step to changing the world for the best would be getting rid of big corporations, and not having such huge power differences in society. I think a lottocracy is an interesting thought. It reminds me of a conversation I had with my mom a while ago about how we wished there was some way for regular people like us to help make huge decisions in the government. We, everyone, must push to change the world for the better. The hardest part is starting. I hope I can live to see the day we save ourselves from our own demise.
The Tower of Babel was a story of when mankind could communicate and converse as if they were one, and that with such an ability, they would overcome the world around them to construct the largest structure known to man. With such an ability, only the divine could strike them down, but to this day, we still strive to reach that tower, and to once again, speak in the universal tongue, and become one with creation.
Not negating that fact that global warming is happening, but why partner with bill gates a main contributor too global warming?
YOU'VE JUST EXPLAINED ALGORAND.
Is this what u think it is? No.. no way.... A full length, almost extra long, vsauce video?!?!?? My Thursday has become the best day! 💚Im sure I speak for everyone when I say, This is what we all needed Micheal!!! Thank you sir
Hype
It's a shame that this was created along with Bill Gates. I have a lot of respect for you and I know that you know better - billionaires are not the ticket out of global climate catastrophe.
The like feels like an insult for this video
You blowin my mind rn
I can't stop to be amazed at how engaging and inspiring these videos are without being 'cheap' or relying on simple formulas at all.
Hey! Vsauce! yes, we are here!!
Really? I actively try not to get products with feature creep... Unless i actually think it reasonable that i might end up needing the feature in the future. Products with too many features often tend to try being jack of all trades while often not only mastering none of them but also being prone to faults..
Thank
Hey Michael, Vsauce here.
What an amazing video, thank you
Great video
I like your funny words wizard man
Michel is the best. I hope him all the best.
YESSSSSSSSSSSSSSSSS
This man sat on a chair with same frame and spoke for 30mins and I didn't get bored.
Today is a good day
You’re a gift to the world, Michael.
.
Yes
Funny, I was just thinking about a similar solution a few days ago. I thought that if our elected leaders are consistently doing a worse job than an average person would, then we could do just that, randomly select our politicians from the eligible population and maybe do better than we do now. But I like a group of random people making decisions better. Even less risk of corruption or accidentally selecting a really bad person. And selecting a new group for every decision is even better. Actually, science works in a similar way. A relatively small group of people present their arguments and then eventually reach an agreement. There are two significant differences though. First, people are pre-selected by a process that promotes intelligence and honesty, which wouldn't work in politics, and occasionally fails in science too, when politics or big money is involved. Second, this is not the only process, debates are often settled by experiments, not just arguments. This kinda exists in politics, but the results are usually ignored.
That’s a pretty neat brain you got there Michael
Instant click
As much as I learned from Vsauce,  It saddens me to see you him helping '' Propagate '' the technocracy agenda ..
So the future of reasoning is 12 Angry Men?
That thumbnail make you look like Halkmoth-
I was awake just last night unable to sleep thinking about this exact topic.
Missed you michael!🌸
Michael is just Diogenes the whole time
What is the reason you clicked on this video?
VSCAUSE IS BACK BABY
This might be my new favourite vsauce video
Ahhh yes, post-DMT Vsauce
Collective reasoning of randoms is preferably better than people in power, who have their power at stakes, they have to even out to provide reason to their party, their voters, their society they live in, but randoms will engage properly and will vote not for most popular decision but for most deliberately discussed reason
What?!  New vsauce video?  Of course im gonna watch it  *or am i?*
is it just me or is there some serious sexual tension between paul, mary and peter
I was waiting for Michael to say “Or is it?”. I was not disappointed.
I'm not going to trust anything from a big tech person like Bill Gates about reasoning at this point
What if Mary is Divorced?
You are very kool. Much love
Everyone gangsta until you hear. "Or is it?"
The joy I feel when a new vsauce video comes out is very hard to describe.
Okay, this is gonna be meta
Science also shows that people given just a small amount of power will more than often abuse that power. Read Animal Farm.  We are doomed, and there is nothing we can do. Old-white-rich men will destroy us all. The world is run by greed and money. They set the rules. All I can do is try to live by their rules and not give a f*ck about anything. I'm much happier this way.  Changing things can take a lifetime for a person. Life is too short to give a crap about what old-white rich men are doing.
When this guy post a video its comparable to catching a shiny pokemon
Why aren't you making videos more often. Your stuff is better than like half the YouTube lol.
Well, that was excellent.
this is a kantian idea. It belongs in hell. Good video overall just the wrong idea
If time travel was possible, someone from the future come and make this video mandatory for everyone
Whenever you can't find a consensus, dictatorship is an obvious solution.
Um....you caused me fall off a lot with your content because we had to pay one time ago for some type of subscription or some ish. Now I'm seeing this and beyond uninterested.
Is it sad I used the idea of watching this as a reward for finishing a module of maths? 😅
5:45 when the music plays is the actual start of the video and it’s always so nice to hear
In a practical implementation of the lottocracy, how could we control for the influence that those with money can have through propaganda? The purpose of the learning and deliberation phases after the lottery could mitigate the biases introduced by this external influence?
The explanation of conformation bias makes so much sense thanks VSAUCE!
This is the only kind of nerd i am never gonna be tired listening and talking to in school
the happyness i experience everytime this man upolads is something else
Return to monkë
Compromised by Bill Gates and his billions, RIP
I know that whether its billions or quadrillions of years in the future, we will be brought back to life for no other purpose other than living in the utopia humanity had created:)
plugging bill gates pretentiously talking about avoiding a climate crisis even though gates would prob be the first to go on a spacex rocket to the new mars colony when the consequences of climate change hit. gonna have to pass on this one.
Now the real challenge is getting the people on top, with an invested interest in staying there, to give that up and implement a Lottocracy... There is power in people, and it just takes enough people to rock that boat. It needs to happen, or else we’ll continue to focus on the human lifetime scale of time and not the species.
See you all in the quantum future.. 'Altered Carbon' or 'Demolition Man'/ 'Futurama' style Michael?
It felt like I sin when I unexpectedly fall asleep in the middle of the video.
2:40 well that's when you install Ableton instead
and as always thanks for the video
ah finally
Ita been 3 months
I’ve lost my attention span it’s so unfortunate I have to rewatch but when I was a boy watching I’d remember everything and man just thank you
I've never heard of Lottocrazy, but I like that idea. Kinda...
DeepSauce
Can you do an video about Bill Gates stance on keeping vaccine patents to kill of the poor?
Hahaha Michael isnt an elephant he is yes
Still the best channel on YouTube.
If I drop the soap will the ground be clean or will the soap be dirty
Bless this channel.  Ill be sharing this with everyone I know.
The logic puzzle question means "Is (at least) one married person looking at an unmarried person?"? So it does not ask, if a married person in general is looking at an unmarried person. Correct? Otherwise I would be really puzzled.
Vsauce uploading always makes my day.
How is this not trending..what's the- reason 😮
Thank you
the wisdom of the crowd is equal to cero
Say the line Bart! YAY he did it! *crowd cheers*
Been waiting for so long...
Lottocracy sounds a lot like how it was in Florence during XIV ceuntry.
Oh there you are! Idc how long it takes for you to drop new content. Just please never leave us, Michael.
It feels like that last bit about hyper advanced civilizations bringing us back was placed as an attempt to delegitimize the otherwise extreme truths in this video. But why?
Jonathan Haidt gang!
This is such a good subject to explore especially in modern world full of so much misinformation
❤️ Getting LA Noire Vibes from the topic itself 😂❤️
The authority of 'the great mind'; the lumbering organ of thought that is everyone and everything.  I think that is a very good description of what some people call: God. If you read the Bible from that perspective, some of the passages that first looked absurd or hard to understand, are suddenly much more reasonable and understandable. For example, suddenly you understand why Sodom and Gomorrah were destroyed by 'God'. They were not destroyed by an angry magical being but by the authority of the great mind. In other words, mankind as a whole (in their collective reasoning) rejected the way of living in Sodom and Gomorrah, which led to their own destruction.
Riddle me this: Can you beat a mind such as mine ?
This is the greatest science channel on YouTube
Hello future users, I'm ancient. Here's my words of wisdom: "Be kind, rewind."
We don't know if we are the only species capable of reasoning, we only assume so in spite of evidence.
I feel smarter after this video
Hi, I'm mildly autistic and I can't natural intuited someone's feeling, like how Michael said 14:30 "the belief that they may be what upset was just apparent." Well it feels like its not apparent to me like I genuinely don't know when someone is upset without relying on consciously thinking in the way Michael describes it or else I can't tell.
Vsource=Vload
Isnt Bill Gates evil?
goosebumps.
he Micheal , Vsauce here. If AI where to scour trough the web, watch this video and become self-aware because of it, were putting that on you. ;P   Interesting stuff once again, especially that bit about lottocracy. I recon that in that society 12 angry men would be considered a horror flick. Keep up the great work.
Woooo💯💯💯
I will be proud to one day say that i lived during a time when this legend was around. Hes truly changed how i think of life and everyday things tht seem insignificant. Love you Michael
i really think the mind is in our brain
if Vsauce is so good why is there no VIsauce
And when the world needed him most. *He returned*
France did something resembling lottocracy about climate change. 100 people have been taken at random to discuss climate issues, and they came up with a number of recommandations to be voted as law. Problem is: some core points have been discarded by the government...
According to my awesome-ometer, you are awesome c:
Question - Love the idea of a lottocracy as it means that the "jury" can't be lobbied. The problem then becomes the expert advisors to the jury, what's to stop them being lobbied or having their own vested interests?
Needs to put on the twitter home page
thank you! this was mind bending in a good way!
Remember when colleges were places you could go to share ideas, debate and discuss reason and logic? Ahh, the good ol' days.
im here finally omg he finally uploads again am i late? huff puff
I'd like to know why it is worldwide allowed to name Covid's variants with the name of nations, and calling the original one Wuhan Virus is considered prejudicial. Does some bias have a... prejudice?
Why are people disliking this?
Well the decisions we should be rational enough to take:- 1. Abolish the money system - ends corruption , discrimination and education and medicine as means of profit 2. Only focus on education , health and research 3. Slowly shift the human civilization to trees and nature - avoid concrete , steel , plastics , etc. I think advanced humans will shift their civilization to trees and nature - they will learn from birds and other animals who thrive perfectly using only natural resources 4. Politics and society are nothing but barriers , unnecessary trouble ,a waste of time and halts innovation - These politicians should grow up and be more matured and rational to understand their insignificance to this planet(I mean nature) and they are temporary.  5. Those days when there were only forests , no society , no politics were the best . Everyone was carefree and peaceful. Now add to them more advanced features and proper education and health - that's the world we are looking for   Else , if people kept on being so immature and ignorant , as Einstein said , "I don't know what weapons World War 3 will be fought with , but World War 4 will be fought with sticks and stones."
The myth
Thank you Michael! Watching your videos is always a treat.
In holism we belive that our "thinking  room" is infinite big
It makes me happy that Vsauce can be such an old channel and still bring out bangers like.
Really glad to see michael again! This guy is awesome, one of the top 5 educational channels for teens & adults, maybe top 3!
I never clicked on a notification so fast ❤️
No1 vid on the Internet right now.
Climate alarmism rubbish.
damn
Fucking 👑
13:00 So that’s how that trick is done!
I've had confirmation bias when I started investing... Thankfully I learned not to do this anymore.
You can sum this video up as Michael saying "Humans dumb, Return to monke"
Ich Grüße Rainer aus Rotten
Michael: "No. I am not an elephant.               also!" this shit had me not being abe to breath for about 13 seconds
The background music is telling me the future of reason is minecraft. 25:28
Sounds like Michael listened to Reflection by Tool
Im waching this wil eating juststrait cream cheese
LOVE THEM VIDEOS
My Intuition is not sure about the Lottocracy Idea that is why I don´t want it.
Interesting, I am worried that a pure democracy, like you're talking about in a lottocracy, would lead to tyranny of the majority
Cool :)
As much as I adore Vsauce and admire these kinds of videos, I can't help but notice all the comments saying it's amazing and should be shared more and thinking, this is exactly the monomentality Michael was warning us about in this very video! Oh the paradoxes of your messages Michael.. 😂
In Norway we have a gameshow called "Alle mot en" (Everyone against one) which is based around wisdom of the crowd. There is one guest who'll have to guess the outcome of something, and then the viewers at home also guess via an app, and the goal is to guess closer than the crowd average.
1:56   oooh there it is
Time to add that book by Mercier and Sperber in the wishlist
he remembered his youtube password guys
11:33 When you keep trolling your chubby 6yrs old buddy and he's had enough and straight up spit out some facts!
Reasoning in the modern age: you HAVE to vote this way  *l"Why?"  Because he's not the other guy and feelings  "Ok, well Stalin wasn't Hitler also. Maybe we should openly discuss this more"  Nazi! Nazi! You disagreed you're a Nazi!   *Rest of Twitter and media yells super loud and is therefore correct. Debates are silenced*
Amazing
These are the only videos that i have to rewatch to understand what is ACTUALLY said. ❤ the content
9:45   *looks at dislikes*  I couldn’t agree more
This video has a strange feel to it,it feels like vsauce but at the same time it doesn't not sure might edit this if I find what it is about it ,(sth is missing...), PS amazing video
9:46 twitter
No one:  Michael: I am not an elephant.
Lottocracies are woefully susceptible to information sabotage. That is, someone controlling what information people get to see, and thus controlling what decisions they will make. You can already see this happening right now.
I dont agree with the answer. Paul is married to Mary. Mary has a wondering eye for Peter.   Also how did you come up with the fact Mary was unmarried? It didn't state or imply that?
Okay I didn't understand anything but I enjoyed the video
I watch this video while im arguing with some donkey why or why not trackmania can measure thousands even though it has a normal tickrate. Smh :D
If we can  teach a AI to reason ....then ... we can simulate many individuals ...and come to conclusions....
Wow, Really freaking bold of you to assume *reasoning* will actually exist in the future, It hardly exists now.
As always... after all these years im still impressed by your optimistic assumptions about our species' future :)
the people who disliked : *reasons*
hear me out micheal and jordan peterson do a podcast?!?!?!
"The world is not a logic puzzle" is probably a very good thing to remember. yes!
Uhhh yes, me now questioning reality again
That's exactly the kind of vote based/randomly selected government I've been thinking about.
Sounds like bees to me.
Don't get it. Why would we care about dome shitty people from 3rd world countries while the west is dying out RIGHT NOW. And that's ok, right?
Did I fall asleep and wake up back in 2019?  This can't really be a new vsauce.. can it? :O
Regarding the Paul/Peter/Mary puzzle... I still don't think I have enough information to answer yes to the question, because it's still not certain. Mary and Peter's marital statuses haven't been confirmed.
You can never judge someone's choices until you walk a mile in their shoes
22:00 : maybe because a average on one data given by one person is not really a average .
He isn’t an elephant        but he is awesome
amazing video
I was with you until you said partnership with Bill Gates.
i was watching v-sausage yesterday and there was a new upload, odd
This guy just invented blockchain governance 😂
30 minutes and no ads? Apreciate you
This is half an hour wasted. Almost said something relevant.
I remember when vsauce actually uploaded. Still great videos tho lol
Love this video! I was thinking of creating a YouTube channel that examines how different institutions became the way they are and the underlying people, philosophies and ideologies that guided them. Idk would anyone be interested in that?
First I like every vsauce videos then I watch it.
Randomly choosing persons to make a decision invites corruption, propaganda and takes in no account of game function. It's keen to genocide to keep humanity afloat, a romantic nobilistic idea with unthoughtout consequences.
In short, reasoning has never been about finding the truth, but rather being in the right. You save yourself energy by thinking less, you get along with people better because you can justify your actions, and you try to avoid the pain of being wrong. I try to be more understanding of others, but I still have a long way to go. I hope many others keep trying as well.
Sounds like a scientific argument for anarcho-syndicalism. Although perhaps I am just confirming my bias then. :)
I'm having existential crisis after watching this
Sauce is back once again :D
e
I am crying this....is..so true, Finally an answer to my question "Why is everything so stupid?"
what’s a brain? dont got one
The pros of looking 35 at 26 is you still look 35 at 35
can someone get on inventing the awesome-ometer?
i don't understand half of the things he says. But i love it!
There should be a certificate given for watching each Vsauce video. 👨‍🎓
Great another existential crises at 3 am in the morning
11:35 but you are awesome
Bruh no ads
Yessss vsauce upload 🙂
shit this is written so well
Oh Michael... your endorsement of eco-fascist Bill Gates is so disappointing. I thought you weren't about taking sponsorships for such things...
I love your optimism, Michael. It is definitely needed in times like these. I really hope that we can collectively take your message and act upon it. Sometimes I fear that the level of cooperation required will just never happen though.
Michael, do you not see how contradictory your closing statement about holding billionaires accountable is, while you yourself are making this video with the aid of one of those figures???
Michael's powers of manifesting items at will grow stronger and more spontaneous each day. Just look at him, even he struggles to keep up with his burgeoning power.
1:56 omg omg omg he did the meme  XD
I wanna know Michaels political beliefs now smh
If you gave today's people the chance it would quickly turn lotocracy into lotomunism...
I dont trust bill gates . so now I dont trust you too...
FINALLY
To think that michael learned more things than I will in 12 lifetimes is just amazing, what an awesome human
Thou how would we excel when the percentile intellect is allowed to govern?
Nice info Michael love your videos. I realy liked the music you used aswell :)
FIANLLY
Vsauce working with Bill Gates? 🤣 I'm out
The legend himself
My hypothesis about why self destructing behavior can be a feature of the social risioning matter: If you believe you aren't a key value for sociaty you might start limiting your own opportunities as a way to save resources for those who are.  We would live in a jungle place if everyone would continuously try the best for themselves.
Is it reasonable for the pot to tell the potter that he didn’t make him?
Is reasoning a product of our wet tofu like lump or is it just acknowledgment of the things that actually exist that caused the results as we know it, if its just acknowledgment it will and it does depend on the perspective.
I recall hearing of the study mentioned in 13:27 about the political believes before, but scouring the internet I couldn't find it again. Maybe someone in this comment section could help me out?
We meet again, men of culture.
If I ever open a burger place I will name it "ABC Burgers".
"Or is at" is at 1:56
Anyone know what watch Michael is wearing in this video?
When you see a new Vsause video in your feed 🙌 ,but it's really a commercial for Bill Gates. 😑
i love your videos
what about stopping the biggest companies from abusing the environment
21:10 "For Leah" the unreleased Jake Chudnow track makes another appearance
Amazing video, worth the wait. Thank you for existing Michael
Michael are you sure that you are not an elephant?
where is my mind
Where is your mind?  Doesn’t exist
Vsus 😳😳😳😳😳😳amogus
Honey wake up, Vsauce uploaded a new video
In the UK... we have a House Of Lords. it basicilly stands as a second "independent" review of all bills that pass through parliment. While i'm not opposed to this in essence (after all more stages in the process and more minds to deliberate makes for a fairer system)  What we need is a House of Citizens, another step either ontop of the House of Lords or outright replacing it, that follows the lottocracy concept of randomly selecting individuals to deliberate on decisions taken by our leaders.  There a lot of things to consider tho. The number of individuals to represent... How much diplomatic weight do they hold? weather they'll be "educated" or have to go through some sort of learning process... This one is probably one of my biggest questions... if all people are put through any sort of learning course to start with you risk biases seeping into decision making. but people still needed to be informed of the decisions their making.... obviously xD  One solution might be, instead of randomly choosing do we take the term litirally and only select people who have applied? (i.e brought a "lottery ticket") this could leave holes where parts of society don't want to or are convinced they don't want to take part, this could lead to problems in the long term? If it is just random choice... can a person say no? is it law to comply without a valid reason similar to judicial service?  What happens if the randomly selected person also happens to congitivly impaired, will steps be taken to make sure if they have a valid opinion it'll be heard? i mean there are a tonne of ethical and political bombs when it comes to the process of choosing.  Would it be a new set of individuals for every decision? that seems rather inefficent and could be extreamly expensive, especilly if you intend on testing people too... A term or season prehaps a month or even a year long... would make more sense since the time frame can be adapted to the societys needs, values and resources. But again lobbying comes into play if you have the same people in the same posistion to long, so a balance here must be struck.  As you said, a similar process already exsists for peer reviewed court cases... this seems like it actually could be doable... like possible to impliment, if done right... but what excatly is right?  Thoughts anybody? :)
5:23 partnership with the world's number one authoritarian sociopath communist! That's unacceptable!
in this video sponsored by bill gates, Micheal becomes an anarchist
Wake up babe! Vsauce uploaded!
Hey vsauce, why doesnt michael make more videos?
wow, between videos I also bought that chair from IKEA
As society has become more complex, many issues we face are complex. I don't think average Joe will have the required expertise or knowledge in some of these complex problems to make reasoned decisions on them. And if a group is chosen at random, that's going to be a lot of average Joes.
L
Here before a million views!! New vsauce vids are momentous occasions!
Well I knew I had to happen at some point, vsause becoming political about this climate nonsense.  Fuck me.
Climate change isnt a great filter. The planet wont die. Humanity wont die. The worst kind of propaganda from a software merchant.
BILL GATES is one shady dude...
I want an awesomomiter
I don't think letting crowds decide just because they're a large number a good idea, didn't history prove several times that entire populaces can be extremely wrong, if they're sufficiently convinced? I'd rather trust experts that were elected through merit, rather than the voice of a lot of random people at once.
Im watching this video to make my self remember the good times I had with vsauce Vsauce:  *Or are You* ?
One of your best, sir.
This is more philosophical than Philosophy XD
When i drop the kids off at my ex wife's place: "We have arrived at the problem."
Just clicked on this video for the second time just to let the people who made it that it is a masterpiece of YouTube content and that it left me sitting in silence for a good moment to comprehend the extent of the thoughts that are presented in it. Thank you Vsauce and keep up the brilliant work that you have done in the past years without ever sacrificing your integrity.
huh
Exciting stuff, as always!
Please watch to the end people, this is brilliant.
Relevant Topic:                Street Epistemology  It consists of talking to people, usually 1 on 1, and asking them about something they believe to be true and pressing them for the reasons *why* that is and - more importantly - *how* they came to that conclusion in order to reveal flaws in their reasoning or, more broadly, in order to increase the quality of their reasoning.  Examples:  Anthony Magnabosco: https://www.youtube.com/user/magnabosco210
I wonder if reasoning is part of Bill Gates calculus to have massive mansions and private jets.
The Reason I'm watching this Vid right now is because of you Micheal 💯
Michael is not an elephant.  I mean He just never fails to provide such quality content.
2k dislikes? Why?
The sound guys really gone awol in a good way
True things are just guesses that are made with self-confidence. Welcome to my TED talk!
Vsauce - the channel everyone likes.
What an amazing video and explanation of all the concepts. I'm hopeful that we will be able to overcome this as a species.
I had to unsubscribe when I found out that Michael isn't an elephant. :(
I honestly just came here to see if you still said The Thing and I wasn't disappointed thank you, the "what is creepy" video still haunts my nightmares
This is becoming a short movie these days
That ayahuasca fucked him up pretty good
I stopped believing in crowd wisdom way back in my 5th grade, when we were supposed to recall what we have been taught before holidays and I was in the minority that actually remembered it correctly. I wonder about the jelly beans in a jar experiment, I think it is plausible, but I also think that quite often someone will be way off and lots of people end up with closer guesses than the average. I really would love that one re-tested.
youtube should give you the option to double like a video once a week
Next video idea: how does one transform a society into lottocracy?
Thank-you you awesome beautiful man
Michael I really wish you would put more videos out but I really love the ones that you do put out so do I want more or do I want less quality I keep doing what you do it works and as always see you next time
very amazing video, we should be thankful that these people exist
"how do you achieve universal reason?"  Ah, it's quite simple michael, we don't.  Such a thing will never happen because of the large quantity of different people, different upbringings, different cultures, different religions, different beliefs.  Realistically the only way for sets to ever happen would be to just simply have less people.  50 to 100 people living and working together in a village can most likely achieve this, or get pretty close, but it's completely impossible when you have like a million living in a city.  Hell even 100k is impossible.  This is actually what's been driving me nuts recently in the us, we have different states pretty much specifically for this reason, 50 different places to do things differently.... Yet we have people that insist and try to force it at the federal level on to everybody which isn't going to work.  Individuality of the stage should be allowed, of course up to the limit of the Constitution.  No it still won't be perfect, it's still only 50 potential groups with 300 million people...  But I digress, in general there will never be universal agreement.  Or better yet, there will never being WILLING universal agreement
man i missed binge watching vsauce 1
I'm a loner and I was, long before before covid existed. I faced this problem so many times and the solution I came to was to imagine a person who has the exact opposite opinion as me... But Michael's idea isn't bad!
At some point the satisfaction from the realization of the fact that Michael still posts videos that are still relevant and interesting and that still use the same well known design attributes (such as "hey vSauce", font and thinking theme playing in the background etc) made me so overwhelmed that I wasn't able to perceive the information anymore, so I had to pause the video and write this comment so I could calm down a bit and continue watching  Seriously though, thank you for this quality content
Hey vsauce, I have got a cool topic for you...  "Can a taste be so bad that it may kill you? "
5:23 and the money Bill gave me.
bald science guy videos are hard
14:17 maybe you guys don't
Everytime I watch a vsauce video I get one of the two feelings. Either I feel like I don't matter at all and everything I do is irrelevant or the entire fate of humanity is up to everybody and I am the one able to make significant change or advancement.  And that makes me love this videos and hate myself for then doing nothing.
The end was really great. It's a long video, but well worth watching through
inb4 1mil views gang
You forgot to mention that sometimes you know you are wrong but don’t want to admit it because of pride
3:08 it's like they're dancing
Michael for Presidency!!!
Vsauce is the only Youtube channel that operates the same way as I found it years ago in 2012.
"The world is not a logic puzzle" No, but it is made up of a plethora of those (among other things).
this is the first video from vsause that i do not get
I honestly think Michael the smartest person on Youtube. None do as much research as he does, and none are able to shape the research and the conclusions into such an interesting, engaging, understandable and thought provoking video as he is. He deserves so much more
Although reason may have evolved to "serve that social function", you can emulate the input from others, the pressing questions and constraints yourself. Doing so and being aware of all the different biases you have will make you a better reasoner. Which isn't to say that there is no value in deliberating in groups; that is a simple matter of increased (parallel) processing power, which naturally helps.
I'm sad I won't be alive in the next 4 decades
I don’t understand how climate change will cause more natural disasters.
we will be forgotten. do what you feel and do what you love. thanks michael for uploading this video, its a great way of helping develop criteria and reasoning like you said, and one day maybe we can reach the true happiness. great thinking and greetings from México
That's reasonable.
Hi vsauce! :vsauce:
This video should be compulsory to take part in society
Typical vsauce. Started with brain, ended giving me migraine.
So .. nobody is 💯% right unless the public opinion is the same ☑ 🐏🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑🐑 most of humans are too lazy and/or poor to spend time and money in their own investigations and take proper conclusions ... much easier to follow the political leaders and the general media sponsored by shady interests.
The same feature of humanity that gave us prosperity, is the same one that will prevent us from achieving a perfect society: a love of efficiency through the division of labor. Governance is a labor, but when we relegate that one away to another, we become slaves. This power, human ownership, attracts the evilest among us, to leech prosperity from the moral, empathetic majority. We are a slave species, and in the age of information, evil people can learn the most efficient ways to farm us. This is why we don't have, and will never get, a lottocracy, or any other thing you can think of that would make society systemically better.
alright gen z lets hop in a discord call and talk about how we are gonna save the world in a few years.
I love vsauce so much.. been watching for nearly a decade
deja vu= Or is it?
finally im not 7 years late!
wait, michael is not an elephant?
niCe
YouTube needs to put in a super like as well as normal like feature because I really enjoyed this video and topic. Thanks for 1k likes. It’s within reason
Michael: **states premise of the video** Me: "GTFO. NO!" Michael: **explains himself** Me: "I agree with everything you just said but I still disagree with the premise..."
@ 2.00 "The organ we use to reason." And then he pulls up something under the table between his legs. I expected something other than a brain. Many use another organ to do their reasoning. Just saying. 😄
pog
5:47  I was really waiting for this
Im gonna wait two  year to watch this video :)
"We decide the fate of a person this way (by juries).  Why not the fate of the People?"
The problem with a lottocracy is that you just know it would be abused and corrupted by the people in power to get the result they wanted anyway. And even if it there was a solution to make it 100% genuine, peoples lack of trust in our government would cause most people to not accept the results they dont agree with. There is just so much lying and misinformation to the point where scientific consensus or hard evidence isnt enough to satisfy peoples beliefs. I believe the world is just too far gone at this point.
Damn this dude is BiG bRaIn!!
Legendary intro - "hey vsauce" v🥫
23:45 Ah so twitter
Amazing as always, very interesting, another piece collected in the puzzle of life.
I heard Bill Gates,  already enough to ruin my day. Just awful. Unsubscribed
Always so educated by you. Sometimes I just sit and loop your videos.
Missed opportunity there to say "I am not a cat"
Theres to many politicians in power that are there for the wrong reasons, there is no way for Americans to get any significant positive change.
To be honest I was anxiously waiting for this moment: 5:43
Game time-  Everyone picks a number- Whoever picked the number closest to 4/5ths of the average of the numbers guessed wins.  I'll start-   100
5:46 There it is, now THIS is a Vsauce video.
I love the idea at the end of this video.  Jury selection for policy decisions.
I think the free market does a good job at capturing the social reasoning ability of humans. For example, a family discussing what car, or home to buy, what city to move to, or how to spend the weekend. Or a small group of investors discussing the best we to invest their money.
Vsauce....ACTIVATE!!
maybe it is time to run so many iterations of earth to simulate when does the planet not die from us
Cheers for the info mate
Great filter is a cool idea but I would reason that the more likely reason for why we haven't found aliens is because even if we looked at a planet with life on it, it would be too far for us to see that life. We "see" most plants as peaks on graphs so how are you gonna tell if there is something living deep in a planet's ocean form a peak on a graph that barely tells you that the planet exists?
Lost vsauce....
Let's play channel when?
This is misleading in so many ways
Sad to see Michael sell his soul to Bill Gates and other billionaires, THEY are the problem, not us Michael. Shame on you
Heavy
Cant wait for a society ran by gacha
The only bad thing about Vsauce is that their videos are so thought provoking that I can't focus on what he's saying for more than 5 minutes because I get so involved in my line of thinking that I completely stop paying attention
Love Vsauce and this new video is as good as always but saying a future species would want to re-create all of us for our communal decision making could be the dumbest thing I've heard on a Vsauce vid. Still loved it though
"when you notice that someone is upset, you don't have to reason your way to that conclusion" lmao jokes on you, i'm autistic, that's *exactly* what i have to do - and it's exhausting :)
You guys wanna hear some spit facts?
Yes, finally someone talking about a lottocracy
That "or is it" felt way different from the usual one because of the BGM
Finally Michael is also brainwashed,  sad to say the least. 😭
Hey Vsauce, Michael here!  I have a Hammer and you have a broken skull.
please tell me that Michael isn't promoting the 'Big Reset'
WTF I'm a radical supporter of lottocracy now...
I'm so glad he's still using the same background music.. otherwise it just wouldn't be the same
What the hell, Michael, just run for president already
Holy hell. Is it ironic when talking about cognitive biases that I feel justified after watching? A lot of these flaws of reasoning, like the internet's effectiveness in finding those who agree with any opinion rather than a reasoned one, or peoples' diffusion of responsibility to others to come up with reasons for them to support the beliefs they already hold been things I've discussed with friends and strangers for years. So often, especially in modern politics, do people look for a neat and tidy "correct" answer rather than a compromise in a world of messy variables and factors that are impossible to simply compare 1:1. We've often replaced the messy discussion of nuance with the simple right and wrong of moral "oughts" and idealistic intuition. Now, more than ever, more people seem to have stronger opinions on more things, but with less actual reasoned logic and more "assumed common sense" and shoddy justifications through intentionally biased curation. I don't believe critical thinking is as common as people want to believe it is. Many, if not most, lack a sufficient level of it, and much of the way we live, similar to the climate change feedback loop mentioned at the beginning, only reinforces the problems. I agree that a possible solution is to pull back from social media's and the internet as a whole's vast reach and scope and have people get used to sharing their voices in a more realistic, small-scale environment. It's really nice to see a prominent channel talk about and explain this kind of thing... even if it loops back on itself in a meta way.
Thank you for the video :)
Michael Stephens for president 2024
i garuntee the peole that dont notice their political answers were changed are right wingers
It's not called an awesome-ometer It's an awesometer
sheesh
Those in charge will sooner destroy the world before they let us plebs dictate policy.
The return of the king
The Hyperloop and Elon Fans are now called lone reasoners.
Thanks, Michael!
Thank you Vsause team. Thank you Micheal for another awesome addition to to the internet. This is such a fresh and not noisy way to see the current events, i am expecting another video with more solutions and takes on the current media handling. I hope the video takes off
As long as we cant find the empathy to not kill animals for our pleasure and/or taste, this world is doomed. If we cant choose life over a simple pleasure, how can we ever think to fix us or the world?
This always annoys me We haven’t found any signs of intelligent life Yeah not life as we know it stop being so carbon based life centric people
"We are a species of individuals that is also one big interdependent lumbering growth"    - Vsauce 2021 Did he just insulted the entire species ?😂
Quality work! Thank you!  ✊🏾  ❤️  💎
I wonder how fat Bill Gate's check was to make you create a shilling video for him.
I do find it ironic that a video talking about the importance of diverse thoughts and conversation -not influenced by big power dynamics- on the topic of things like climate change is sponsored by BILL GATES!  Bill, YOU are the problem, BILLIONARES are the problem. You can't on one hand exploit workers, countries and the environment and on the other hand try to look like the messiah that saves it. While I do massively enjoy and support (most of) the statements and ideas that Vsauce makes in this video, Bill's propoganda for a savior-guru-tech-overlord undercuts the value of this video a ton. Maybe we shouldn't wait on a solution by the rich people who caused the problem and will be unbothered and unaffected by the outcome? But that's just my two cents thrown into the social reasoning debate.
VSAUCE
The legend.
When Michael makes a statement then stares at the camera with a long pause.   “Ah shit here go again”
And as always, great content 😊
where’s the old vsauce music :(
Awesome video
Always the versatile thinker Vsauce is!
Oh wow, it’s sauce time again
You are too smart for me to understand..
This guy works on understanding our brain on another level! A true man of science. Great job
Real ankle breaker at 0:55 after "communication". Totally expected the usual vsauce tune at that point
ive been thinking about a political structure like this for awhile, but wasnt really sure what itd look like or how itd function. really cool to learn it bad a name and has been thought about and practiced before. call it confirmation bias i guess but sounds like a great move
i like how he didn't use the terms "global warming" or "greenhouse gas" once.
thank you for another great video you rock michael
man oh man people hate to behoove themselves to the other side
but u did- u didn’t squat into frame... what has this channel come to ‘-‘
Hey Michael how do you know 'The Grand Illusionist' or Tim.
JON TRON ANS VSAUCE VIDEOS WITHIN 48 HOURS OF ONE ANOTHER LETS GOOOOO BOYSSSS
You answerd your own question wrong. The answer is no. Because, logically, you shouldn't make assumptions that marry is married. Thats racist lolololol
I assume intelectual diversity is a trate we sometimes greatly lack.
pog
This is so great. Every time I watch one of your films I feel like they change me for the better. You present these things I never even thought about in such an interesting manner. I hope you keep making interesting stuff for many years to come. Thank you!
We will some day be the ancients, and we can choose what that Will mean.
COMMUNISM duh
22:50 The talk about echo chambers and the internet seems very deliberate given today's political climate
I love this channel... But 1st strike was the episode where you did the drug DMT... Partnering w/Bill Gates is strike 2... Please make better choices.
Hell yes! Wasn’t expecting another video so soon, can’t wait to start watching this
once again i am watching a video I understand less than 5% of and am once again enjoying it.
You claim not be an elephant, but can you prove it?
@21:18... but hopefully, NOT the mob!
imagine having the top comment of a vsause video
Everyone gangsta till he says ....or is it?
Honestly thought you were dead. See you in six months!
15:35 Just like my programmer friend always says!    We DO live in a simulation!
Woow I loved it. Although the randomly elected person suggested has, I believe,  the major 'flaw' that to decision making, requires a degree of education and mental health. So there needs to be a filter to wether accept a candidate or not, which adds points for corruption. Then we also have that by keeping a low educational budget, masses become more suggestible, so all that any government or entity would have to do is to keep people as stupid as posible, so when they are elected, behave 'how is supposed to be". I believe that there is an obviously better way, you actually mentioned, you make EVERYONE decide on the subject,  and you add a weight depending the education of a given person. Errors and biases will smooth our
Intuitions must be conscious and come from intelligence. They are are just genius many times or we show them as such as we don’t fully feel them. Clairesentience sometimes is meant, or generally clairsenses
why is his voice soo wise...
good one !
amazing , the best video maybe on internet
Friend : I am not an elephant.  Me : We are no longer friends. Goodbye...
This man always delivered his best..❤️ Keep doing 👍
You've brought me to tears again
21:46 This only works for a sufficiently non-homogenous group. Also the number of people in such a decision making crowd is not always scalable. Too large of a crowd often functions worse than not-so-large crowd. There are nuances.  Edit: I see you covered that later.
Rip El Risitas
Should’ve said “awesometer”
on the topic of the great filter... a quick reminder that the pentagon literally released confirmed UFO footage... we have found other intelligent life and it has been operating within our atmosphere for at least a decade, ok that is all
I am kinda disappointed that the comments section is filled with memes rather than - 'intellectual' comments about the content of this video. This makes me think what if the person chosen at random to give opinions on the government would just spit memes and stuff. I'd like to hear Vsauce talk about this kind of collaborative reasoning in his future videos
All this new fangled V-tech, Michael pulling things out of mid-air, blasphemy. Why, back in my day, Michael would simply teleport to the things not teleport the things to him, bah.
How ironic that the video ends up inferring logic to a point that you wanted to make in the first place And even finishing with the previously mentioned TECHNOSALVATION kkk
and as always, incredibly based
One of the best videos I've seen on YouTube in a while, this is the stuff I'm subscribed for. Thanks Michael!
1:32 you mean roblox
Be factual, be intelligent. Thanks for all the comments
My awesome-ometer says Michael is top-tier.
We live in a society
5:48 ... for old-school fans ;)
this video is terrifyingly topical and I am fascinated
Awesome video as always. But I don't agree with the "wisdom of the crowds" statement. Socrates addressed the problems of democracy and the same issues apply to the "wisdom of the crowds". It only works if "the crowd" are experts on said topic. If the majority are layman, then layman decisions are taken and that's worse of everyone.
babe wake up new vsauce video
I miss mindblow
Inference : Look at facts and seeing what conclusion they support.  Then why nobody change the political system, delete capitalism and neoliberalism paradigm that have the power to change the world but don't. They have power to make people that want to change the world look like a harm to them and the rules of capitalism.
If you gonna let Bill Gates decide the Faith of the World  Your gonna have a Bad Time
We don’t have to be irrational It’s so nice to be rational. But what does it mean? Logical? Using intelligence with measure? Measuring best while not being afflicted by measuring, being intelligent independently. Being free of all but being with all, being absolutely godlikely knowing what is. Realistic
20 seconds in, topic seems half decent but this clown is totally unbearable. Who do you want to appeal to? Embarrassing...
All it would take to influence a lottocracy is the I fluency of the massive education system already present in this country. If you can simultaneously influence every youth at once though one curriculum, you can shift the average beliefs. This is already happening today.
can u upload one about illusions are real or not like controlling ones brain or making them fall asleep
This was a powerful episode... thank you Michael, its making me reevaluate why i think certain ways and compare that to the people around me. communication is huge when it comes to making decisions or interacting with "the crowd" and unfortunately certain aspects of our modern society have made it easier to disregard communication in the traditional sense. while the internet makes it easier to interact with others, the ways in which we do so become simpler, and more easily misinterpreted. Disagreements become harder to solve, especially with so much of the internet feeding into so many people's confirmation bias. it really is a lot to think about, and I think I'm going to re-watch this video now. If anyone reads this I'd love to read your deliberations on my reasoning of this video ;)
This is one of the stupidest things I’ve ever heard.  Make sense, considering the idea is funded by bill gates. The greatest minds are the ones who should lead. The problem is that the greatest minds can’t even be elected because the media controls who will be chosen.  If everyone had a legitimate say in reason, you’d have a handful of criminals deciding it’s reasonable to murder.  Reason is not a collection of thoughts from everyone’s mind, because everyone’s mind may be flawed. Reason is the ability to decipher whether a a statement is true of false. It is the ability to mathematical prove whether something is correct or not correct. Reason is not a flux of flawed minds.
Is It reasonable that i'm crying?
11:59 First and second I understood «'ss dildo» instead «still though» ._.
imagine having the top comment of a vsause video
What are you saying? There's no reasoning anymore, everyday I talk to people on the streets they feel like npc
Mind=blown In under a minute
Well the real problem is calling climate change science. Real science doesn't have that 1 property that makes climate change not science, that property is uncertainty! So the first problem to solve is to find a new label for this non-science problem. Then we can put the problem into its proper perspective, and quantify the data related to the problem. The second problem is how to uncouple the problem from the economics that drive the problem. This second problem seems to be the hardest to solve, maybe even non-solvable, but at least 1 we can work on. But if we can't address the first problem then we will never get to the second problem. The third problem is how to remove reason from the discussion of the problem. Science is driven by theory and data, not reason and passion. Climate change demands that we remove reasoning from the problem. Destroying parts of our society because we have 'reasoned' that climate change demands the wholesale discarding of previously developed systems and economics, without certainty, based on influence and possibilities, seems, to me, to be as self destructive path to take, even more so that whatever changes climate change may have in store for the future.
that conclusion at the end made me really emotional :( loved the video
The best! (Experiment)
My life has meaning again.
You know 10-20 year old people watch this
g8 vid
damn i missed these
I wrote a paper on "lottery" democracy in college, on how a democracy ruled by randomly picked citizens would work, and a lot of my points are backed by this video which is hilarious to me. Thank you for the lecture, Michael.
the king is back
A, be independent. Become independent of consuming but kind of consume, or reabsorb until not needed anymore :)
This is my favorite youtube video ever just WOW 🤩🤯🤯
"we will someday be the ancients" is so powerful. what we do now will be the inspiration for what people do in the future
Oh jeez, bill gates funding, have fun getting fed globalist propaganda, nothing against you Micheal, just not a fan of his politics
I think the comment section should stop talking about how he uploaded and rather discuss about what he uploaded.
Youtube at 4 a.m on any given day: here, take a look at this.
Oh my god im shook u still herr
Even before explaining, as soon as Michael said Lottocracy my intuition said "yes please".
Great Video!
Love You Michael❤
You don't, let nature take its course, if humans go extinct we were meant to
You don't know my happiness when I saw this video in my recommendation. Finally Vsauce has uploaded a new video.
as an autistic person, "ah! these are all reasons to conclude they are upset" is exactly how I realise someone is upset :') contrastingly as an adhd empath sometimes I know people are upset before they are haha
yes very good
I always argued for public discussion forums like in ancient rome and greece. philosophy, opinions, satire, theatre... we need that
since when does bill gates have strong anti government opinions? awesome video! very well written!
Not watching some Gates funded globalist shill video.
Can we make this the most viewed video on youtube please
Lottocracy ftw!  Finally I know the word for this.
Hey Michael vsauce here
1:56 HE SAID IT HE SAID THE THING
The text and presentation are so good, Michael really mutated and perfected his craft over the years. It's so good that just seeing he presenting it it's interesting
sensei
This is so fucking important michael. The world is in a place where discussion is impossible, sending this everywhere
that intro though
1:57      he said the thing!
This was beautiful, this video feels like a high-resolution summary of the thoughts that have been musing in the back of my mind for months. In a way a confirmation of the very topic.
"If We extend anyone’s life, We reverse his development. Do they not use their reason?" - Q 36:68
10:34 shouldn't  not enough information be correct? well its bold of you to assume Mary is a human. For all i know, Mary could be a cute little elephant. So it may not be a person.
What
I find it funny that in school, I was bored by science but I could sit and watch Michael speak for hours and hours.
Just, Wooow.
In summary, logic can be applied where the goal is shared and priority is made equal. ...but logic can also present dichotomy, which is also valid. Reasoning flaws are fair because people select based on intuition and desire.  So, I think ultimately what’s being suggested is disregard being a logical solution for dealing with incongruent reasoning between two people. .. and this is also fair.
What’s the difference between a reason and an excuse?
I was literally just typing a whole comment about how greenhouse gases are bad, but I just realize that Vsauce is literally just talking about that right now. I really got to start watching the whole video before a comment.
measuring tape.. what now
9:55 thank me later
Amazing talk If only such a feat of collective action could take place to get such ideas started. Who knows what could happen?
Good Christ....this may cause actual unintentional CHANGE.
To address "the problem",  Hey! I really tend to agree with your points within this segment. As connected as we are I feel like socially, we are still very disconnected with the global community. I know it's far off, but part of me is hopeful for the theorized security of quantum computing. As of now making an app or website dedicated to the people's vote would be vulnerable to hackers, but perhaps a secure alternative could prove really useful in our collective effort to stay alive.  XL
The future of reasoning is that the reason will cease to exist. It's already disappearing.
The fact that I am not English and a get the half of what he says and STILL fu©ks with my brain is impressive
I don't know what it is about the song that starts at 15:13 but it made me completely lose focus and struggle to pay attention to what is being said. I don't know if it was the volume or the type of song, but it completely took me out of the zone.
new „...or is it?“ music caught me off guard
her attack  he protect but most important HE NEVER LEFT!!!!
I thought this was about reason and then he pulls out CAGW. Oh well.
BABE GET UP WAKE UP RIGHT NOW!!! NEW VSAUCE VIDEO!!!
I think Vsauce just convinced me that a Lottocracy is a good idea.
Todays sponsor: ABC Burgers
No one talking about how Michael basically just suggested a pretty solid solution to social injustice and mistrust in the government, most societal problems we face. Michael for president 🇺🇸
Hey Michael! Vsauce here. thought u died lul
this video is amazing
Hello Michael. I know, the chances of you checking this comment is close to zero. But your comment on the representation of people knocked off a chain of thought in my mind. Do you think the education we receive has to play a role in our judgement? It is true, we can explain anything we want to believe in. But if we created leaders not in the basis of popularity but legitimate leadership skills and aptitude in proper legislative programmes, it would enable a wider range of beliefs to be represented and would prevent corporates from cosying up, no? Oh course there are nuances, but getting rid of political parties that exist to capitalise on beliefs of the people, seems a good way to start destroying the biased reasoning in politics and actually policy building.
Damn you really did the propaganda for one of the richest men on the planet fine, bro
Michael: “i sadly can’t fly because we humans don’t have the power......Or do we?” *thinking music plays*  Me: wait a fucking minute
Hol' up... Are we really watching the Gates foundation throwing out sponsorship to all famous youtube channels, promoting his book, talking about reason and fkn Aristoteles. Imagine talking about climate disaster, democracy, reason, history and then promote Bill Gates like some kind of wise guy, instead of actual philosophers and political scientists. Just because you can exploit an economic system does not mean you actually got brain.
I mean, even in maths we have axioms
KNOWING      RIGHT         FROM        WRONG        HELPS     !!!
Yet this video is trying to reason reasoning
Abolish prohibition
This video expresses our passion for understanding each other, our actions, and our perception, in a way that I've never seen before. Thank you Michael, from the bottom of my heart, for making content and giving us all powerful information. You will definitely be remembered as one of the ancient greats.
do you still remember papa franku
Neuralink will change everything
Bruh this just Hegel but stupid.
Neuralink will change everything
1:57 classic vsauce😂😂😂
Micheal "Where is your mind.." Me "OOOOoooowh.. stop"
16:25 I think it's fair to mention that there are two things that humans do (and did way back when) better than just about any other animal: Throwing and endurance running, especially in warm/hot climates.
Very noice Michael
Change my mind: The most realistic messure for guranteening human life on earth for the future is to dial down human population by decreasing birth rates until we are at maybe 4 Billion or fewer.
When did we trust billionaires who have a very specific set of expertise with total and complete control over massive all encompassing problems. I don’t trust one man (Bill gates) with all encompassing power over the masses. He is no better equipped for this task than the best brain surgeon or the best investor in the world.
I feel really bad for Michael.... he doesn’t recognize his friend just does not want to go on a lunch date with him to ABC Burgers lol
I felt a little smart when I got the Paul and Mary puzzle right
5:48, finally
Its always good to see vsauce on recommended videos
You have to have some brain damage to partner with a perfect product of our destructive society to explain how to think differently.
Thank you for reaffirming my belief that the Left is the enemy of reason. The Left hates when discussion happens. They instead champion censoring and de-platforming because they dont want the debate. Discussions with people who are different from you will create moderates and the radicals dont want that. They want more radicals like themselves. So of course, discussion and debates will steer a society away from radicalization. The radical Left NEEDS their precious weapon, known as the censor, to achieve their goals.
is the sky the mind
I never clicked so fast in a video before
he literally never fails to make me learn atleast something new, never fails to give me something to think about,
I NEED MOOOOOAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR!!!!!!!!!!!!!
He just left me speechless
MGS2 Vibes here
4:21 F*** Consensus We but Slay the f***ing Leviathan, fool Throw Riot upon the Gates Bring down the Lords That we may take their heads For the Ambrosia refined from Blood That they would power their starships with. To spread their plague.
2 words... Thank you!! :')
11:34 vsauce out of context material right there
All the time I thought you would have come up with the jury system in the us. It would be an example of an implementation of that system of random ppl deciding due to reasoning.
Hell yea, vsauce is basically recommending a system similar to the parlamentary democracy like we have here in germany :3
Fantastic video! Always glad to see more Vsauce in the feed!
v
Music puzzle starts at 15:20 enjoy :)
Michael over here teaching a TOK lesson
Today on vsauce. Michael creates a new political ideology.
Michael's videos keep me sane
So you're saying that Sonic Unleashed IS better than Sonic Colors?!
ayy
Дагон, спасибо, это он благодаря тебе выпустил)
Too many minds
I don't trust politicians to be smart enough to lead the country let alone a random person on the street that probably still thinks the Earth is flat, like hell no lmao.
Hey! there he is (again).
This was such a good video
I'd love to see a day in the life of Michael
Finally after all these years !
michael spit facts
Legend is back
Oh
Next up, the future of Seasoning
3:31 Ah yes, reject Geneva Convention, return to monke. Thanks for clearing that up for the normies, Michael!
Been waiting for this upload since 2015 it seems
Yeah but who chooses these people to debate these issues? I can see it being manipulated.
i love how casuly michael says  "i partnered with bill gates and his team" as if its normal XD
Seems reasonable
This one got me teary-eyed, I want humanity to succeed.
Just leaving the comment for algorithm, such a great video, i wish more people to see it
Am i the only one who wants to massage virgin olive oil on Michael’s bald head?   I am ? Ok...
Ahhh yess, eat ze bugz.
Me thinks reasoning without reason will be difficult.
Michael: I'm not an elephant! I bursted into laughter 😂
I like the talk about the lottocracy, Michael seemingly (although he obviously clears that up afterwards^^) not realizing that this is pretty much the core idea behind a proper democracy, the USA are not the worlds best and biggest democracy, cuz they aren't one at all. At best you guys run a plutocracy/oligarchy, at worst a bipartisan borderline dictatorship....
I had to look three times until I was sure that yes there really was a new vsauce video out! Love it!
What if we had a game-show lottocracy internationally broadcast where people of opposing viewpoints from the internet all over the world were chosen at random and brought together regularly to deliberate on pressing issues
15:41 i was thinking about iOS vs Android the whole time
This is why we need an AI like the boss from MGS to make decisions for us.
Bill Gates talking about avoid disasters, and at same time flipping the bird to poor countries suffering with the pandemic.  oh.
Less like mistakes and more like features... Reminds me of Skyrim
Michael on his way to become a traditionalist among the likes of Julius Evola, Rene Guenon, etc
This makes me wonder about how we should participate more in the decisions about how we can manage our countries, and our justice system. Because in some countries trying to make one of the most rational decisions (like actually working and beating the heck out of corruption out of our political systems) is very hard for some of the people in charge of us.
Again, such a great video. Vsauce never misses
I thought Bill Gates is just a programmer, but he's also a climatologist, biologist, agriculturalist, sociologist...wow, what a talented guy!
_Hey Vsauce! Micheal here..._  _Or am I?_ 🤨
Every class is boring, but not one
must have been a big payday to sell out to the villain of humanity Bill Gates
sometimes i forget that im subbed to this channel
The music makes me feel like we're chilling at LeBlanc in Persona 5 😂
This video has a fascinating concept but I disagree with the conclusion and I think that you could have done a better job with the call-to-action. To imply that this is the only solution and that the other ones simply won't work is a terrible conclusion and directly contrary to what the purpose of the video is trying to explain.
life is not the same without vsauce
Bill Gates is an evil criminal
Many animals can do reasoning.  Reasoning depends on the values of the reasoner.  When the values of the reasoner changes then the reason evaluation changes.  For reasoning to be logically complete the universe /domain of values - those values of things must register as functional useful to the reasoner... those functions limit what values a reasoner can use and operate on ... so each logical systems has its own limitations ...this is a primitive example of Godel incompleteness theorem... that is there is no universal logical system can be operate on any universal world of things and functions.  All reasoning system have limitations and biases that make them leave out things that are not defined in their logical system= confirmation bias ..   this is different from cognitive dissonance/mistakes.
I pressed like before I started watching. Then when I finished I wished there was a second like button.
2000 conspiracists who always say “Do your own research” disliked this video.
When the interviewer asks me what is my greatest strength and why: 00:00:56
You friends are all super awesome! Oh no, moments of this video are so very terrible and so very horrible.
this vid is perfect it has eeverything  hey vsauce micheal here            check where is your .....                   check  or is it       check its  just wonderful
Where is my mind? Way out in the water, see it swimming?
You had me until you brought out Bill Gates. I'm sorry but, unless the topic is how to create a monopoly based on stolen software, I don't want to know his opinion on anything. I'm seriously disappointed. :(
As an Aspie, that’s how I think about the emotions of others’
Naive viewpoint tbh
This.  This was a good video.  Reason.
It’s been literally years since VSauce has been in my recommended
*Love this OVA of the Best anime to Ever Exist:M̶e̶i̶n̶ ̶k̶a̶m̶p̶h̶ Mind Field*
If this doesn't get on trending soon, humanity is lost.
Partnering with a billionaire to talk about solving climate change? Gross
Anarchist Michael
Is there a way I can sit and have a conversation with you? My imagination cannot fathom how interesting that would be. Appreciate the hard work vsauce!
Can you imagine this guy’s mind on ayahuasca?
I miss mind field    Mind field changed my life
if reasoning is a group process, do lone philosophers essaying on brilliant books have multiple personalities interacting together ? I mean to a minor extent, like they anticipale anti thesis and etc ?
Michael be trying to start a revolution.
Explain global warming to me without saying global warming
This explains the right wing carnist sheeple nicely
im here im here im here
One of the best videos ever
There is no time-space, only mind-space.  But really, I love this one. I've been needing to hear this exact topic for a while now.
The Orange tool is called a planimeter, it uses green's theorem in vector calculus to measuring area on paper plans etc
27:02 today we have economic influence withholding every government on the planet, I see no reason why it wouldn't adapt to single out this random unfortunate soul to take advantage of for personal gain. Especially since ai is already cozied up to every single person unbeknownst to them. And ofc, you can have rings that may conspire out of mutual benefit whom reach into specific areas of their own. Prisons do a good job of this by keeping virtually innocent individuals in the poorest conditions for their entire lives simply by a corruptive gain to be had. Take the hospitals claiming covid cases for example, the large majority was co-morbidity, or straight up murder.
me when something i'm never even going to use doesn't work: 15:45
It's here!
I honestly thought he was joking when talking about the superior reasoning of 'the crowd' due to phenomena like groupthink.
I look forward to finding out what this video isn’t about
This guy is a genius. Every time he says something I am like “ooooo I never thought of that 😮”
as someone with autism the part around 14:50 is really interesting. because i do not have emotional intuition, i actually do and need to infer someones emotional state from some factors ive learned over the years. thats why im better at knowing if my friends are sad, but im at a loss if someone i dont really know shows (for me) conflicting signs. im sadly also a very sympathetic person, so it happens sometimes, that i get someone is sad or angry, and i sympathize with them, leading to weird situations where im perceived as acting really really weird or inappropriate, because they are happy. its all just a mess really
Jokes Aside My guy literally collaborated with Bill Gates
EVERYBODY STOP LIFE, VSAUCE JUST UPLOADED!!!!!
Raise ur hand if u did not understand a single word, but too shy to accept
Yea that makes sense
HEY dont jump scare me like that micheal
Every time Michael says 'social' Fistie Splinters knickers gets wet.  ...oh fk, made myself gag... I'm sorry 😐
🤯
The global iq goes up by 2% when vsauce upload no joke.
But what is the REASONING behind him, showing us that normally our reasons are guesses for our intuition, considering that fact?
When a billionaire pays for a video about "expanding empathy" - the same billionaire that is against sharing the formulas for COVID vaccines with poor countries.    Eat the rich.
I suggest the problem Lottocracy can face will be that the people's opinion seems to balanced by Big Techs algorithms
Ok Guys See You again 4 months later....on 17th August Edit:-(Spelling Mistake)
"or is it?" Christ here we go again.
"OR IS IT?"....
To spin off on the idea of lotacracy. Every X years 1% of the population is chosen randomly and then put into discussion groups. Each group is discussing for a week about all the larger problems that they see in the world. After a week  the 1 or 2 people that are the best representation of that groups ideas are elected out of every group, by the rest of their group peers.   The winners then get to graduate into the next group of people that won their respective groups. Repeat until you have a congress of 100 people or so and they get to decide the next X years in terms of policy changes.   Every policy will have a set lifespan so good policy can be reenacted but bad policy will be tossed aside.
Vsauce smacking flat earth, Anti-Vax and climate deniers all at once * chef kiss
The return of the king.
A Vsauce video, WHAT????
Damn
Vsauce? Or is it?
I get this theory in uni so this is a nice refresher, great informational video
Communism. He wants communism.
24:47 this statement in a video with Bill's name attached seems bizarre. The last thing I'd expect nowadays is the growth of ideas, especially with the largest tech giants in the world strangling out anything that opposes them. Censorship is king right now. But for real, thanks for reminding me why I hold no hope for the current curriculum of things.
Insane
See, understanding this video is more important than 13 years of school because you’re not taught in K-12 how to learn, how to apply what you’ve learned to the real world, and how to think. We dropped mandatory philosophy and logic classes in school ages ago.  To understand this video requires some University level reading comprehension, but why is being taught how to think only accessible to the few who can go to University?  A few of you will say, “the Internet is free.” To which I respond, “No, it’s not.”  The Internet is not free, you have to have access to a computer and access to fast WiFi, all of which you have to pay for.  Secondly, you have to already have the skills needed to know how to learn from the Internet. Without the right tools you can end up becoming a pawn of disinformation as seen with QAnon.  Since you’ve already gotten this far, you’ve already demonstrated that you have the priceless skill of knowing a little bit about how to learn, and the good news is that you can do something with that. We have elections that allow us to become part of the broken system and can allow us to fix it, so long as we don’t forget that it’s broken.  We can use the skill of learning and put it to good use by learning on the job as a political leader and making decisions that could potentially change the status quo.  We can force a lottocracy by nominating or writing in the names of people that we think should do the job. Forcing as many regular people as possible into the political machine.
Please add arabic subtitle
The psychic might of Michael is immeasurable.  Michael is secretly Malcador the sigilite, you can’t change my mind.
Thank you Michel
*Vsauce theme starts* Ah shit here we go again
Michael, Michael, Michael. WHY BILL GATES. He's such a bad person 😭😭😭😭😭
Any reasoning that depends on social networking-communication-infrastructure is also at risk of failure when those social networks it depends on collapses.  A Dr John Calhoun observes that when social networks infrastructure cannot be sustained then the social network breaks down in what he calls a "Behavioral Sink"   a  Jared Diamond  postulates when the elite that controls civilization become disconnected from the people who they rule  puts the civilization at risk of collapse.
9:29 Michael: "That's the rub." Me: Remembers the time he ate a doughnut from a toilet.
All Michaels are awesome, all elephants are awesome, for this all elephants must be Michaels
BABE WAKE UP NEW VSAUCE VIDEO
TLDW let's enforce IP, vaccine patents are the future
Thank you Micheal for the short collage class for today <3
1:55 song is super close to this Death Note song: https://youtu.be/mJfDggPZq6g
Finally, Michael, that's the beard we wanna see you have. Not that long monster of the last years.
This problem is significantly harder than just lowering emissions to 0. It's foundational in thermodynamics that as we consume more energy, the planet warms, regardless of emissions of molecules. We will need to figure out how to vent heat from the planet on a large scale. We have biological systems in place which can capture and store those emissions, but they operate very slowly, which is where fossil fuels came from (plants and animals effectively storing heat as complex molecules which we now burn for energy, releasing that heat back into our atmosphere). Even if we can effectively replicate them and remove 100% of our emissions, we remain with latent heat problems which will eventually cause the same problem. It doesn't matter if we switch to 100% solar or wind energy, or if we switch to 100% nuclear, whatever we do, we have the same problem. What I'm saying is that this long term problem which will eventually kill us off is not something we have the ability to fix today.  We can aim to solve local problems, sure, but beware politicians selling you grandiose ideas that are solutions, especially when they have no actual concrete plans that aren't just "stop doing it, or else." I think we can actually overcome all environmental issues if we actually work together to solve these problems, so maybe step back from the politicization and let's talk about real technologies and set up a road map for what we need to do and how we get there. Base the decisions on science and research, not on what feels right, and start working on those problems we're going to need hundreds or thousands of years to solve.
how come i always feel like this is the enlightement of the century when watching vsauce
Serious objection: the biases and behaviour you speak about is primarily found in studies focused on people in the western world. These people's survival depends primarily on society and far less on their own abilities. Conducting similar studies in less stable societies will lead to different results.
I wanna meet the people that dislike these videos
Michael: where is your mind Me, also Michael: stuck gazing into those eyes you beautiful bastard, it's been a minute how are you
0:38 humans have been cyborgs for a long time, centuries in fact, but functionally you exist inside that little box in your head. one day that might change, but i don't think you were talking about the future. you could argue that a book is augmented memory. the only reason i would say that it hasn't been that long that humans have been cyborgs is because you normally can't carry around all your books. with the advent of the smartphone humans might as well be rudimentary cyborgs. and it doesn't even take some sort of smart tech to be a cyborg, pirates are known for peg legs and hooks for hands, but that goes back allot further.
Introducing: Reasoning v2.0
21:19 "The wisdom of the crowds." I love how you got done talking about bias, so it's fresh in everyone's brain to latch wisdom as a positive modifier, rather than interpreting it for it's definition and context. Nice.
always the best
Wierd to think that this is the same channel as the one with a video labelled "mario farts!"
lets goo new vid
What a great video!
Bill Gates the renowned scientist lol
V sauce:every human can reason Flat earthers:are you sure about that
Generating randomness is something that's hard(close to impossible but I don't know about the future)... Pseudorandom elections maybe
I was so happy at 5:48
Time for our annual Vsauce appearance
Sounds like some social scientist made up ridiculous reasons about people making up ridiculous reasons...thats why we should listen less to social scientists
*I could change my mind, but then we'd both be wrong*
Dad’s back :D
HE IS BACK
The experiment in the mind field episode is flawed .. the question in the first half was “what person would they rather work with” and in the second half it was “explain why they picked it” the nature of the experiment forces a predisposed bias on the question. I love Vsauce so don’t be an arse wipe just wanted to point out a possible flaw in the experiment
Yes. Those are words.  Definitely need to rewatch when I'm more awake
It just has to be said, climate change as a great filter is moronic. Yes it is undoubtedly a great challenge we have to overcome and will in all likelihood cost yet many more lifes, but it will never wipe us out, which is required for it to be a great filter.....
what the hell happened to the sound effects?
we need this translated into all the languages, audio and subtitles, asap
This should be shown to every single active twitter user.
The fact that he is using the same bgm 8 years makes me happy
these comments are so bad, just bad jokes, no real discussion of the topic at hand? why don't we all take the lottocracy idea seriously and start debating about how to implement it on our geographies?
1:57 "...or is it?"
So happy to have a new vsauce to watch
I legit gasped when I saw the video in my feed. Finally, the sauce.
Maaan this video is getting 22 views per second and 207 likes per minute  😁 Michael your fans aren't going anywhere 🤩
Very mind-opening episode
15:40 Case in point, microwave ovens. Who uses those extra features? Never heard anyone mentioning using all the auto stuff
Angry McCarthy noises *reeeeee*
The lord has returned
My brain went somewhere else at "why not throw sh-". Let's face it, we're just fancy monkeys.
tiktok ruined vsauce for lmao i cannot stop laughing
(this comment was originally used for a reply to a comment just so you know the context.But i would also like to post it here) Well then dont get depressed that others are not listening(to the ideas behind reason)but try to reason for yourself and act for yourself(at leat for the meantime that no one does).Dont wait for everyone to listen so they could "save" you or make that process easier.You need to save yourself first.Although reason is a social thing ,social communities have their roots back to one person.Communities are the compilance of many people who aim for the betterment of mankind.Logic puzzles might not represent the world but (as is logical reasoning) they are needed for self practice to cognitive thinking and "working".So that we may greaten our intellectual spirit to spot the facts and then reach conclusions.This way we can save ourselves and then inspire others also to do it.As the video says dont wait for others to validate your intuitions but ovecome them by doing constructive dialogue with others.Our human capabilities limit us from reaching the truth or reason with validity.But that doesnt mean we shouldnt try..
The logic puzzle is very poorly written. Vsauce must have hired test writers for that one.
Ayyyy Michael at it again, and KILLIN
This is actually why ‘arguing’ online in YouTube comments and on Reddit is really good. To be challenged about your beliefs causes debate. As long as this remains civil though
is it?
Yooooooooooooo legend is back  !!!
Very good!
A LONG VSAUCE VIDEO
Loved this love u, never disappointed, every single one of ur videos are amazing
He always ends his episode with words that litteraly break me, damn
This video assumes that Athenian democracy is something we should use as an example. A system where half the people living under it were, in some form or another, slaves should not be seen as an example! I think this might be the worst video this channel has ever done.
Hey, Vsauce! Michael here. Where is your mom? *music starts playing*
What a great video.
Yes new video!!!!
“We will Some day be the ancients. And we can chose what that will mean.” I love these thought provoking endings
Babe, wake up. New vsauce video just dropped
4:08 Covid
Yes, Michael can materialize objects out of thin air. It just makes him get shot back a bit, so it looks like a cut. Also, more state-of-the-art editing tech makes it seem *more* like a cut, distracting the masses from his immense power.
"The Ancients came together to guide humanity past the Great Filter, eons ago. Now that we face yet another... the Ancients... must be brought back."
If statements have a faulty premise, include a logical fallacy or cognitive bias, it's not reasoning.  It's just bullshit. There, problem solved.
<3
Glad u back 💯💯💯💯
There is no future. The age of reason ended with Biden's theft of the country, so clearly nobody is reasoning anymore.
Vsauce is the best youtuber, change my mind
yo
ah yes, i've been waiting for this
28:12 cut quote btw  Full quote: _"For example, the appointment of magistrates by lot is thought to be democratical, and the election of them oligarchical; democratical again when there is no property qualification, oligarchical when there is."_
I actually love this idea of a random council. It's something that could be started in schools now to get kids used to the idea of governments working that way.
I'm actually glad, he looks like good ol Michael as we know and love him, and no longer like this long bearded bald guy
Guy is smiling probably because his this 😀 or is it?
Born too late too explore the earth Born to late too explore the stars Born right in time for vsauce
Every video is like a Bible. I feel like I can use these videos to explain my perspective to someone, or give them perspective, very effectively. Many things about this video I have grown up to learn. Most being something I found on my own. And so I like that now this video can articulate that for me since it was primarily in my intuitions before.
This video might change America and their issue of tribalism
Great content and info, honestly one of the best YouTube channels and entertainment channels in general out there
The legend has returned.
Gotta go love you big man
Oooo new Morning Sauce
10:29  Yes, is the answer.  We don't know if Mary is married or not, but in either scenario a married person is looking at an unmarried person.  If Mary is married, Mary the married is looking at Peter the unmarried. If Mary is unmarried, Paul the married is looking at Mary the unmarried.
kurgesagtgstgstgstgstgst
Omg omg omg omg its vsause!!!!!
I came back after years of starting to watch your videos, Micheal. As a teen they always fascinated me but now that I'm an adult I found them not only fascinating but very invormative. This is the kind of video we need more of, as it's better to spend 30 minutes on you than whatever show the television has brought to me in these 5 years.
The man responsible for wrecking the American school system for an entire generation telling us that we can't trust reason. Sounds legit. Imma skip this one.
Wasted 30 mins to realise that future is nothing but the past
Pog
10:55 I've screamed
The segway between habituation to responsibility was nice, but calling behavior a bias is a strongarm that doesn't really reveal anything other than precognitive disdain/approval as far as I've seen.
The man is an eloquently spoken genius
With the power of the internet we wouldn't need to do it by lottery we could have literally everyone contributing in one way or another
reason reason reasoning reasons
(:
Thank you for cursing my dreams with the thought that the brain is like tofu
Reasoning has no future. Modern people claim it`s a sign of white racism. 2+2=5. And so on.  What reason will you use to convince people that don`t believe in reason? What truth can you provide if they claim truth is relative? What evidence can be put forward to someone who does not accept evidence at all?
Okay look, I've been watching Vsauce for years and years and years all of the Vsauce channels. And the one question I have after H1 is how come everytime I watch one I end up with existential crisis?
It took almost 4 bilion years for our brains to evolve actualy.
Hey Vsauce, Michael here........ Or am I?!
1.800 people are unreasonable
This is the most based vsauce video
Michael is back to dunk his knowledge upon us
The legend
The question is would those in power ever be prepared to actually have this type of government or decision making. Those with money have power and they aren't going to give it up.
26:18 As someone who's witnessing the covid disaster unfolding in India directly as a result of our leaders' decisions, a Lottocracy is starting to sound real good to me
nice 30 minutes and 2 seconds of my life
Finally he got a better editor
Patrolling the Mojave almost makes you wish for a Nuclear Winter
Now we can officially say 2021 is better than 2020
Damn, imagine a socialist webtocracy, that's the closest thing I've heard of that describes an actual, functional and positive utopia
"Your brain helps you remember, plan, make judgments and solve problems" Bit presumptuous of you to think my brain can do any of that, but okay.
:))
Babe wake up, new Vsauce just dropped
Sadly all internet platforms we're currently using just don't favor a genuine discussion. This comment section, for example, is filled with people pointing out the fact that he rarely uploads, comments saying how he's a great teacher and the same tired memes "Or is it?". Those exact comments can be seen under any other video from this channel, and every time they get a ton of upvotes. And surely there are many which present a genuinely interesting take on the topic in the video, but they will always be overshadowed by the ones you don't need your brain for.   I have no clue how one could make internet discussions better. r/science literally removes any joke comments, but the top ones are still composed of the ones posted earliest, so there is still a strong bias here. That's why I think a live discussion (mentioned here) would really be the best solution, as it's not affected by confirmation bias or by our tendency to prefer the simpler comments with the most upvotes.
I love when my brain gets fried by new information at 9am
I need more friend like Michael.  I've been so alone for my thoughts to be expressed nowadays.  And being a non-english speaker, I can only communicate with people near me and have the same unimportant, unlogical and boring matters. All of my friends are nowhere near my extended knowledge over various topics and they seem to be uninterested with my abilities to digest information (new and old information) and come out with new ideas.   As Michael said "Alone reasoning is at best 'decent' but it's weak". But if i had some friend who can understand enough to have a discussion about anything in general, but with good intelligence and interest, with non-bias arguements and less likely to be quickly making judgements over certain beliefs, I'd be far from lonely. That is my problem right now as I'm writing this thoughts, it is surely just going to be dissapear in the vast ocean of information.   My brains has always been a part of bigger information which less people (that i know) are commonly accepts as an important subjects we generally don't have to think of. For examples, I have been ALWAYS INTERESTED in the fundamental aspects of the reality.  "Are we ACTUALLY living in the realm of computer simulation?" "Why is Mathematics is the language of nature?" "Why did we make order from chaos?" "And WHY THE HECK is there an 'Entropy', so everything that is in order will inevitably be chaos?"  Does anyone else thoughts the same as me? Obviously! Did I have someone, at least one person that I can expressed my thoughts with at all? Uhh probably no. You can just write this down and keep it under your notebook, and one time it will be forgotten, and no more new ideas to be discussed about, like film, music, art, peotic, the general truth, science, entropy, quantum entanglement, our beliefs system, the system itself, the 'Everything' and God, and 'Nothing'...!   I know, it's hard for me to be able to digest this lot of information and only to be expressed in some form of writing hoping that someone will reads, but regardless still having zero mind-like people to have a discussion with.  Thank you Michael, I always love your videos. Thanks for teaching me a lot.
Isn't this "Lucktocracy" called Sortion and what like Venice did things?
vsauce just hits different
For the first puzzle you gave. So a married is looking at X and X is looking at unmarried, the answer is Yes and No. Because if X is in the middle but a little to the side then married is looking at unmarried. Yet if they are all positioned like a triangle then the answer is No. Edit: Well now i feel like a dumbass....
It's time for the future of reasoning Or is it? *Music intensifies*
Michael " Or is it? " Stevens
One of the best videos I have watched.
This is now in your listening homework: Pixies - where is my mind
NEW VISAUS VIDEO??!!!
Shit just got real. As it always
Hehe ça me fait penser à Etienne Chouard! Petit clin d'oeil aux français ;)
3:46 False, life would die. Wow, first five minutes were almost verbatum. Maybe that's not direct, but hella ironic. 5:25 There it is. Just a bit of advice to whomever thinks these pieces of propoganda are a good idea. It's clear as day to spot one without even needing to read a description, be shown a book, or be told outright. You need to do better at disguising your material if you want any minds worth a damn absorbing this at the very least. I don't believe you are capable of this, but it's better to see you at least try.
My reason to think that Michael is actually an Elephant is because otherwise he wouldn't be able to remember all this scientific stuff he thought us about for years. Checkmate, Michaelphant
I got dumbed bc of my views of life
Hello MIchael, I love your work but your use of "social reasoning" is highly cringeworthy to cognitive or computational neuroscientists. We have pretty good understandings of hierarchical arrangement of message-passing between top-down (predictive) and bottom-up (sensory likelihood) inputs to the systems working on the principle of inference which explain different levels of complexity of beliefs. Your reference claims that social reasoning would be the driving factor behind evolving a brain with such a hierarchical structure, i.e., as an inference machine. However, it's just the mathematical principles of the universe that determine how complexity can be nested. We indeed learn these inferential beliefs via interaction with the environment and other agents, however, the idea of needing levels of complexity to explain (via language) your behaviour to the other agents is just hogwash. Indeed, there are theories too of how your internal model of the world (via inference) can become attuned to social needs such as communication do exist, which likely helps drive evolution as one can survive easier in a group. But that is more about having individually built hierarchical internal models in sync as opposed to evolving them to make people want to work with you. Anyways, just thought I'd throw that in there! Thanks for the videos.
13:35  Deep Humor videosu geldi aklıma
Fantastic and extremely well timed video
Beautiful idea; every human being that ever lived, quantum-recreated into a reasoning superorganism
5:47 when "moon men" starts playing, know that it's gonna go crazy.
Vsauce makes me rethink my entire existence.
I love how Vsauce has evolved over the many years from a bunch of interestingly connected factoids and tidbits to grandiose concepts being accessibly explained.
Just in case anyone is wondering, Michael was talking about 'citizens assemblies' at the end there, something that extinction rebellion (XR) have been trying to push for for years
Something close to what Vsauce said hits close to home. The developing countries needs to keep their emmision low while developing (Sustainable development). But what really gets to me is that those developed countries who impose the rule on developing countries caused all this emissions in the first place. England literally burnt coal for a whole fucking century.
A new vsauce video? impossible.
I present the Soyjack and Chad theorem, in this essay i-
Streaming YouTube or Netflix is also harmful for nature but for vsauce anything.
Bill Gates is not to be trusted and neither are you for working with him.
The title seems like it's written by Reggie Watts
🤯
Wow. Thanks for this amazing informative video. Now i understand my world. Israel is not a democracy it is an oligarchy.
I was having a similar political debate earlier and the conclusion was that a government formed of representatives of different sectors of a country (science, agriculture, health, economic, etc.. rather than geographical areas) would work better together to come up with informed decisions that would work towards the goal of making the country better as long as it made the world better. But you would have to, yet again, vote these people in and that could create bias. I like this “random group of people decide the fate of a person in a trial so why not the entire country and world”. It would definitely eliminate bias and sucking up from companies (assuming the randomness remained random of course)
5 minutes in and I realised Ive been Gates-Rolled :P
i once answered correctly 3 simultanious times in one of those games to see who can guess the correct amount of candy in a jar
It's kinda sad that a video with such deep and important messages only gets a bunch of overused and dead memes in the comments.
And as always thanks for sharing ❤️
Wow, great video!
Alright so we should start a flame war yeah?
And as always, thanks for giving us such a great video!
Mind is square
The video editing is getting out of this world
Hey Michael, Vsauce here.
so basically you are expanding on the idea of immanuel kant that any kind of reasoning leads to subjective conclusions, that our ideas are the fruits of the culture in which we were born in
It is one of the biggest privileges on this Earth that this content is free. Seriously, thank you, Michael, for this. This is incredible.
Michael, buddy... I am too high for this
Participatory localised democracies are the way forward
So. Is Michael, basically, saying that the comments section on youtube is a place of reason?
Lottocracy for the win
OMG he is making videos again!?  Heck yeah!!!!!
it breaks my heart that Michael is not an elephant
Great as always. I guess my one issue with the material is that I feel Michael is blaming the tool for the user's inadequacies. Reason, logic, and rationality are not wrong or flawed. They are truths, separate from our existence (in my opinion). Its our inability to use them correctly that is the problem (which we all do to some degree) that is the issue. I wouldn't say hammer are a defective tool just because the person using them didnt use it properly.
vsauce is wrong about the paul peter mary story
Techno saviour, quantum ressurection at the end of the universe, sounds familiar... 😅
Step 1, scrap that joke of a Paris Climate  Agreement 😉
moral of the story: be social, nerds, a-ha (￣ｰ￣)
And as always...... Thanks for showing
The persona style music in the background really makes this video
I had the same conclusion of random people in addition to elected persons a couple years ago. Makes sense
Micheal is unironically this Time Period’s Socrates or Plato with the amount knowledge he’s sharing with us
You used the word "Global warming" not once in a video about Global warming, I'm impressed I see the scientists learning to feed knowledge to the citizens properly, without them vomitting it right out
looks like Michael has uploaded all his videos for the year
Michael is like the kid that when asked to talk about a cow starts talking about the cow then talks about the rope tied on the cow and then talks about the tree to which the rope is tied and then comes back to the cow.
How did you miss the obvious AWES-O-METER?
Crazy to think that every time we think, we use certain language. What if we dont have a language and we think with our mind?
this feels like michaels preparation for his presidential run in the 2024 elections lmao
11:36 aight I'm throwing hands
she didn't reject me, we just came to another some differtent more harmonious decision.
14:20 people with autism do go through those steps to determine someone’s emotions and feeling
I wish Jorden Peterson would put his point of view on this video
I understood too much, I am dissatisfied
There's a lot of educational content on youtube, none is as entertaining as Michaels.
I cannot put to words how much I appreciate all of the Vsauce channels. These videos are the "Cosmos" episodes of our time in their impact. We may meme up Michael's wide eyed greetings but I am willing to bet many people learned about Vsauce that way and are now viewers. These concise and focused deep dives into all manner of things will inspire and grow humanity. Simply exceptional. Thank you Vsauce crew!
@~16:45 - so do wolves. Which most probably mean that they not only have communication but abstractions like "you two" or "you three" go there. Else it would be quite inefficient during the hunt to refer to each individual... IMHO ;)
I deadass thought that i wouldnt finish this video, but that 30 min felt like 10.
10 hours ago, NO WAY! THIS ONLY TOOK 3 MONTHS AND HERE IT IS! HOW THE HECK HE DID IT IN 3 MONTHS? IM NOW READY TO START CONVINCING PEOPLE THAT SHORTS WEREN`T A BAD THING FOR VSAUCE, JUST BECAUSE 3 MONTHS IS TOO SHORT FOR A VSAUCE VIDEO, LIKE, WHEN DID ANYBODY SEE A VSAUCE VIDEO THAT TAKES ONLY 3 MONTHS LOL
Bill gate do you mean the guy who blackmailed Oxford to not open source their cov19 vaccin (using all the grants he give them) and made them give it to astrazeneca a company he has stakes in?
It's 30 mins long!!!!!!!!!!! Yesss!!!
Michael: "If some people have more to lose than others, who gets to decide which assumptions are fair."  NO ONE, MICHAEL.. not even the elites like Bill Gates, who think it should be all fair... We just let society to figure it out gradually; on its own.
HE FOUND THE PASSWORD
The return of the king.
I don't like this new Vsauce
i hope michael never stop making these videos
Is it that time of the year again? :o
What a great video
i always get a fever whenever i watch vsauce
Yes! Finally! Vsauce came back! "or did he?"
i think wed all be better off with you ruling the world
Thank you, sir ☝
It is so impressive how this videos are made.. you achive to summerise a complex topic incredible well
“ Behavioral inertia” is probably what I have. It’s hard trying to break generational curses.
#b1 @fb
Sounds reasonable.
14:18 i have autism and this is my exact train of thought for figuring out how someone is feeling
Is this video a argument for why we live in a post-reason society?
I am always blown away by the quality of content you produce!
I had a question regarding lottacracy. When it comes to making decisions for the government, different decision might be of different importance, they might have different magnitudes of effect on the country. So if we choose people on random there's always a chance that a really big decision might have to be made by a group of extremely incompetent people(wheter it's literacy wise or maybe even based some sort of a genetic problem they might have ), and what if such a decision is so big in magnitude that it can derail a country's development?
i accept your reasoning. it seems like true to me.
hey michael! vsauce here!!!
Some historian will probably watch this in a few decades as they're researching what people in the 2020's predicted for the future. Hello, you internet archeologist.
We want to hear the future of the vsauce channels (I tried)
Excellent video, very thought provoking. I have noticed that discussing with others provide a better understanding.
I do have a question about the prospect of lottocracy: How would one choose the team of experts required to educate the randomly selected on a given subject? If we aren't careful with how that vetting process works, we're just risking that lobby work can influence decision making elsewhere.
Shit is getting real
The Lottocracy you describe at the end... France thought of something like that the ''Convention Citoyenne pour l'Environnement'', hundreds of normal people were gathered together, listened to environmental professionals, proposed realistic laws to asses these problemes we're going to face and... The French government pretty much tossed everything to the trash bin...
Mr. Sauce is a very good person.  Im glad we have him.
There's a fundamental flaw with the idea of a Lottocracy - it's unfair for minority groups. A minority ground will never have proper representation because they are, in fact, a minority. For example, white men have no place discussing issues which only effect black women. A lottocracy assumes no one has any internalised biases against anyone else, and honestly I doubt that will ever be the case.
No vsauce music eh?
My brain cant process vsauce and this thumbanil together 🥴
🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵🥵
Actually, all the other science channels post prep material for understanding the semi-annual Vsauce videos
This is a gold mine for "VSauce out of context" videos
I love this alot. However i noticed a few oddities in the script (captions) and what is being said and at 16:34 he says the wrong thing than whats in the script and what he was leading too! careful!
that black ikea desk is really crappy
some say idubbbz is memelord, some say pewds but only smart people know that the true memelord supreme is Michael
It's interesting to watch the videos with subtitles because they're a bit different from what he says. So the text was probably changed after they were written (or he improvised) and you can see what he first wanted to say.
TOKs final form     Shoutout to the IB students :/
Forms of bigotry continue to flourish and grow and yet dominate debates and the shape of our future, without any *real* basis of reasoning. I think it's because proper reasoning is recursive; two conflicting approaches might have an equal number of impressive reasons, but those those arguments themselves are based upon others, which again are based on others, where eventually one side is found to be based on flaws of logic. I think the bigger issues of climate change, police violence, discrimination, wealth inequality or say, how to deal with a pandemic *can* be 'reasoned' out, but that, ultimately, apathy prevents us from doing so.
this is the only reason I'm at school now
Man, i missed u
Where are you FISTS????????
This is my explaining why I didn’t hand on my homework
I HAVE THAT CHAIR WHERE DID YOU BUY IT I NEED TO KNOW IF ITS THE SAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Imaginary disaster
But in that peter mary puzzle. What if mary is looking at Peter but he isn't looking back?
3:00 They be vibing tho
Waiting for dolan dark
I bet those statistics of growth and concrete are prodominantly China
OR IS HE.........
I guess its time to have my annual Vsauce existential crisis.
.
Join the Collective Hivemind of the Internet
you know your early to a vsauce video when its under 1million views, sitting at 748.585 viwes
As Pixies one said -  ''Where Is My Mind''
At this rate there will 10 hour vsauce sessions once in a decade
Stop! It! Why make brain hurt? Crazy think. Also human neurological cells are halfway between a plank and the size of the universe. I will forever think of this
It’s not a bug. It’s a feature.
globalist shill
I like this video! ...what?....o my reasons?? Wel sure, it was educational, easy to understand and Vsauce is a great guy
you lost me at working together with bill gates
Was bill gates utilising the future of reasoning when he stopped the Oxford lab releasing their coronavirus vaccine open source?
I'm surprised this video didn't talk about AI
.
2:25 suddenly: watch on hand
ahhhh yes 30 minutes of pure gold
I think it all leads to money. They don't build for comfort, or adaptation, the individuals build to get the instant gratification of money. That's all.
or is it??😏
Vsauce just casually invented a new type  of government:    *Joe Biden Wants To Know Your Location*
babe wake up new vsauce video
1:18 oh Michael you expect too much of me
With all due respect to Michael, this is the most bullshit Vsauce video released to date. The fact that it has been sponsored by Bill Gates himself, speaks volumes.  Get this. Giant multi-national corporations abuse Earth's resources and are responsible for large chunk of CO2 emissions. Their CEOs or in this case the richest man on Earth care only about exponential growth, leaving problems of waste and emissions as an afterthought, pushed by local and global regulations — without regulations they wouldn't care at all. Giant buisnesses operate in so called "grey area". For example, Amazon payed 0 federal tax in 2018. One more time: Amazon payed ZERO tax in 2018! Jeff Bezos and Bill Gates together can change everything, but they elected to harvest your hard-earned money instead, while killing small buisnesses that have no means to compete with humongous corporations like Amazon.  The premise of this video goes like this: everyone should care about waste and emissions, Michael even refers to Earth's population as "us". Translation to mere human: "We, rich and privileged, lecture you, poor and struggling, how to live the life. Follow our rules, don't violate our agenda or you will be prosecuted. We, rich and privileged, will continue to not give a fuck and live our sweet lavish lifes we truly deserve, poor assholes".  Bill Gates has enough money to buy small European country, not to mention big African one. And what has he done with all the power he has? In reality he is not a philantropist he tries to be. He is number 1 agricultural owner in USA. Think why.  Corporations are the biggest threat, not you!
Thank fuck you actually uploaded something worthwhile rather than one of those #shorts bits of garbage.
[Comment Deleted]
wait is this a re?
The thing is actually called "Awesometer"...
As an aspiring leader, I thank you for this insight. An excellent compilation of advise for reasoning and political structure. I hope reason leads humanity to better reason!
I needed this.
people in large groups are generally stupid.
As always, excellence.
People dont use reason to arrive at the logical conclusion but to support their self interest
Looks like Michael will be mailing some suspicious boxes
Our Michael has returned ,to transfer his knowledge and calmness
id literally been having a panick attack over the fact that i try to see everything as a logic puzzle to much and went to watch vsauce to calm down. 10/10 video tho
Micheal after sitting on twitter for 30 mins:
The king is back
If there was a form of government in which random people came up with the rules, they would quickly create a form of government, by creating rules, that wasn't what it was to begin with. It's a very "Enlightened Centrism" idea. They might all sit in a room, deliberate, and decide that they should appoint someone who is more qualified to be in charge, or somebody that they like more. I understand you are trying to tell people to get out of their echo chambers, but the answer is not "everybody is right , just get them all together with equal power and mash it all together.".  A great example, juries often have nothing to gain and yet people from a variety of backgrounds can come out and make OUTLANDISH decisions that can change an individuals life forever, and even influence the system moving forward.
Apes together strong.
Michael... NO No Michael.... no
15:00 But you have to use conclusions to solve the Mary problem. When you use reason to arrive at a conclusion you end up assuming that there's not enough information because you don't know if Mary is married or not.  Alternatively if you assume that Mary is married and you use logic to explain that scenario you realize that the answer is yes, then you assume that she isn't married and you also see that the answer is yes. So in this case reaching a conclusion helps you digest the problem more logically than if you used logic alone.  So basically, assume everything all of the time and see if the logic fits. And even if it does, keep assuming more things.
amazing
So reason is subjective.
Man I've missed videos like these
Absolute banger
All that shit you described about a crowd of people, that amount of second, third and fourth guessing already exists in my head.
I wish I had teachers like Michael
I love you.
I feel like the the people who should watch this, aren't the people who are watching this, but that is of course just my.. intuition..
I can listen to Michael and Steven Crowder all day! Reason beats feelings!
I've been really struggling with what he's talking about and I'm so relieved to know smarter people than me are considering this 'humanity is in no way evolved to understand anything we do anymore'.  There is no way to have meaningful debate online. Even in good faith. But we are compelled. Twitter monetizes this no matter the destruction of our minds or societal progress.   I honestly pray for a solar storm so powerful it puts us back 100 years so we can try again. If every piece of technology was destroyed at once, but we could maintain all of the data and expertise, genz could teach gen alpha about what went wrong.    As a millennial I feel trapped in between the illness of 'boomerism' and the justifiable rage of gen z. I'm just now at the age where I can run for politics, but I'm already finished, I think.
The "hey Vsauce" always makes my day
Man kurzgesagt and vsauce should collab already!
Ahhgh!! Can't everyone just watch vsauce and therefore be rational!?
pog
Dutlniv tioogattlyg
send this to your political friend to make them stop talking to you
This is a masterpiece.
the music in this kills me for some reason
nice one Michael
I have a shirt just like Michael's but I'll bet his shirt is 75% smarter than me!
About the "The Crowd" part, I think it's a good example in letting the crowd control just like in nazi germany where Hitler while doing his speech, he listened to the crowd and when they started to applause or roar then he went down that path to victimization.. now I don't mean that what the crowd says isn't useful, but just like you said about the confirmation bias, people like to think the same thing when something confirms their theory. Not only that but there is a positive feedback loop in there. So by taking away the individuals, you make everyone into groups and those who are not in my group are my adversary.. so I wouldn't trust the crowd as the sovereign, but the elected individuals as sovereign. It's like what we had in the past, you elect from 1000 man 10 nobles and from those 1 king. And what should be above the king? What should rule above the king? Maybe what's best in 10 kings, like the idea of Christ.
Solution: take away liberty; then kill people. -Less people, less problem, more conservation of wealth and resources into even fewer elites such as Bill Gates.
1:31 Those Factorio texture packs look fresh
Wow, finally video of vsauce after a long time😁
Thanks for making my brain have a 30-min long stroke
The nod to elephants, especially given the recent news about NRA CEO, is vehemently appreciated
THIS time the video came soon... Not happy VSAUCE....
YES
Hi Michael, vSauce here, and I'm super interested in the idea of having a jury system replace our current party based political structure.   How, though, would we go about making an untaintable jury selection process? The more I think about all of this, the more I love the premise of the idea, but struggle to see how it could be kept as pure as possible.   Lastly, this has to be one of your best vsauce videos yet, so thank you, and the team, for all the hard work behind something so great.
This is extremely important!
Omg he uploaded
2000 dislikes but how
You lost me at Bill Gates.
5:47 when that vsauce music hits you
Thanks god it's not a short
Wait only 3 months since the last episode this is almost like the good old days of 2014
"lottocracy"? my friend, so naive... ever been to a casino? it is the worst idea ever. Since I'm just "reasoning", why not give you one insight of mine? might seem also a bad idea, but here it goes (warning: this is a long coment... tho I did just watch your 30min long video):   As long as there are *people* involved in the decision-making process of any political activity or dilema, they will be prone to be corrupted by the stake-holders whose situations would somehow be affected by such a process... A mereley logical way to proceed by the stakeholders. Which is why, as long as there is a *human* involved in making decisions, there will always be mistakes, moral biases, and all sorts of rotten ways to coherce those decisions. The alternative would seem impossible: to have *none* make political decisions. After a while of thinking about it, you can easily realize of how this is actually the better way. But, also, you can easily realize of the issue that it arises. And I can tell you that 99% of the people I've discussed this with always say the same: "someone has to lead". These are the words of sheep. And then there are those who provide... "reasons", and say "this is anarchy". I wouldn't be sure if Anarchy is the better way to rule. But it doesn't need to come down to absolute anarchy. An orderly manner of anarchy could be possible, if, for example, a set of rules, based on adaptive mathematical equations, that could lead to solve any economic decision was made to be a general rule, then it would prove to be a way to solve that part of the political decision-making process. Eventually, exploring an idea like this one, could enlighten the way the other 2 branches of political power operate. The truth is that we don't need a leader. The State is mereley an intermediary between the people and the great companies that manage and provide services (who are also people), domestic and foreign.   This is already too long a coment... So I will finish by saying that the better way would be a political system guided by a set of public mathematical computations that can be adapted to situations and that can be verified and called out by anybody at any time. I won't go into deeper detail because, well... you're hardly ever going to read this, and if you do, you'd probably make those details out on your own (and probably better than I did). To anyone else who reads this whole thing: go ahead and "reason" yourselves... I think that's what Mikey here wants... But not under this comment, please, you'll fill my inbox and I am obssessed with having a clean inbox for some... "reason".  PS: If you do read this, Michael, show it to your friend Mr. Gates, who knows!? maybe in the future we could have "Microsoft Government", running all those algorythms... probably with some incoherent soap-brand-like name more likely... "MS Esatia" w.e. (nah... it shouldn't require the use of a computer...).
Do I understand: no Am I entertained: yes
5:45
Pizzabo_0
Et tu, Brute?
Vsauce Music Starts Here ————————>5:45
Ah yes my next existential crisis session
I just love this subject!!
nice arguments Michael but I dont agree because of reasons
Micheal just solved the issue of equality
Man whenever Vsauce uploads, i stop everything i am doing and go straight to the video.
Somebody: What makes you think you are smarter than others? Me: I watch Vsauce Somebody: We all do it, you are not the only one Me: Well, I watch them twice
The pixies - where’s my mind
I have a few notifications that I subscribe on YouTube and this is one of the few I care about.
Weird huh? Something that was invented to make collaboration greater made it actually worse for most. Maybe we can think of something to counter the effects? A search engine that gives all reasons why you're wrong or something.
No ads on a very well produced video. We have a cause here :)
Heyy Babe, wake up, Vsauce uploaded
Is it just me or does it seem like Michael is basically trying to rationalize Marxism/Communism to us
.
so either the world gets overtrown by illuminati and we start doing everything in a different way, or we perish within the next 500 years or so :/
I didnt understand anything but i watched cuz i thought it was cool
Before I went to bed, I thought "Wow Vsauce has not posted a longer Video in quite some time." I wonder what the next thing will be about" and after I woke up I see this video. I think you got it right with mental connections :D Edit:Typo
Can someone explain how global warming means drought,,. Let's say in california , warmer oceans means more rain not less Right?,, Also doesn't mean wetter climate with more CO2 would be beneficial for plants to thrive?? Kind of like the Amazon..??  I'm serious please explain.
Great video! ... Or is it?
This is the most interesting video I have Watched in a long time
Anyone else suprised by how much they agree with the lottocracy idea? Like it sounded crazy at first but now you can't stop thinking about how it makes so much sense
so so o so so so good
selfishness is the end of lottocracy.
5 minutes in and I'm calling BS. If humans hadn't evolved the ability to adapt to changing environments, we would have never made it out of the cave.
He's aging.
Shame on u Michael and everyone at Vsauce for working with Gates, the man is a eugenicist monster and ur shilly for the great reset is truly disgusting.
michael i love the video - how do you deliver all of this information? is it from a teleprompter, script that you somehow remember, or even better, just from your mind.
Are the number of people dying from natural disasters going up or down... Down. Look it up. End of seminar.
17:49 My brain: I'm just gonna ignore that.
14:16 Not everyone can do that
his past two videos have arguably been some of the best and most interesting videos he's put out. he ran out of interesting questions, puzzles and paradoxes and what not to make videos on and straight up became a philosopher lol
Hmm. Is this why I take so much pleasure throwing myself into random arguments on social media? I always thought it was because I turn it into a game. It's like a logic puzzle, I get to flex my intellect and compete with another human being, even if the subject and the stakes are absolutely inconsequential. But maybe it's because I don't get to cooperatively reason the way my mind wants to? I don't argue about important things anymore. Everyone I know lives in the same place, under the same politics, we see the same reality and anytime those topics come up it turns into an extended, circular agreement about how busted everything is and how we would like to see it change, and while that's certainly cathartic, it's not intellectually satisfying.  But when the Internet starts arguing about whether this background character in a comic is supposed to be a video game reference and I share my two cents, and someone challenges me and it turns into a day-long, turn-based debate with reasons stacking on reasons ever higher, ever heavier and more precarious and I have to fight ever harder to support my belief why a red chameleon in a punk outfit is sometimes just a red chameleon in a punk outfit... Is this why I find that so fulfilling? Because it's how the reasoning part of my mind wants to work? No matter whether I convince the other side, or am convinced myself, or it turns into a stalemate because my opponent just gets angry when my reasoning starts to fall apart and they decide I'm being an idiot and block me instead of swooping in for the win... I always enjoy the debate. It's always satisfying. Even if my opponents don't seem to think so.  Yeah. Maybe it would be healthy if we had a better place to exercise these habits, where they might actually make a difference.
A power circle.
Micheal, if you start a group that properly exercise and practice the kind reasoning you've mentioned, I would definitely join.  Afterall this kind of reasoning/discussion is not common these days, and it is something that needs to be practiced by more ppl  before it can spread.
Wow someone has improved their video editing, nice
Michael can you swim ?
Very Good
1:58 Or is it...
brilliant
I have a lot of reasons why we need more Vsauce videos!
All I am asking is another 40 years ,please god let the climate change happen after that 40 years .
babe, wake up, new vsauce video dropped
10:45 same as yes answer analogy, than no it's also true ! Just think about it ! If don't than explain why ! Pls!
I don’t think we can do anything while capitalism runs America
I think the problem with a randomly selected democratic system is that people may end up going with the easiest answer. The one they don't need to come up with too many reasons for, maybe the popular opinion that's popular for the wrong reasons. It's better than current motivations, but like in 12 angry men, the motivation of most will be to get it over with and get out of there, don't you think?
"*Watches a  Vsauce video." "*Me so smart"
A little Vsause is always good for what ails you!     Thanks, guys!
Frugivore diets & earthship my guy also unionism of the work force fixes our hyper object situation. Creating a new education system with a focus on ecology is a new beginning 💖
Revival time
Partnered with Bill Gates? Must have got one heck of a parcel of farmland.
Glad this video exist, or if someone had already made a video on this same topic , then sad that i missed them.  But what this video talks about is exactly what i was telling my friends long back.  I only started properly socializing and accepted to think about social problems once i reached college (creative field), until then i found no reason to socialize and share my thoughts as I was able to successfully prove and disprove things internally  (only possible if I accept the fact that "I am always wrong and that there's always more to learn"). In doing this I discovered that "reasoning bias" existed so that people can fit in socially and that my internalized arguments created more valid arguments than the people ive met.  I was thankfully able to find a material resource that clearly showed reasoning bias, and without this thing I wouldnt have been able to even convince my friends that such a thing exist and need to be talked about.   Tldr : Long ago I found a movie that talked about the theories I had on "reasoning bias" , and the movie does a tremendous job in covering this topic even to this day. The movie is non other than "12 Angry Men (1957)" https://www.imdb.com/title/tt0050083/  Definitely a must watch for people who needs to understand the flaw in human nature.
You a truly a great mind sir.
Never clicked so fast
Vsauce: upload Me: waiting to get home so i can cast to my TV. Vsauce gets the Tv respected upgrade.
When Vsauce uploads it's a full on documentary about literally anything
when you pause the video and continue to watch it after a while: wait, whose porpoise is good judgment?
Hes backkkkkkk
Glad i inscribed to this course, even though it is not in my curriculum!
Give me 5 mins to go smoke a J to prepare for this
Does Michael have a paper that says that he is NOT an elephant?
Not watching the latest VSAUCE video should be a crine
Not really my subject but I love it!
Yes.  Total agreement.  Go for it.
*Mind is in time*
Crazy
Vsauce is just making hit after hit again
It's 3am. I read the title and whisper 'oh my god.' I internally debate whether I have the emotional capacity to deal with this. I click it anyway.
I love how I never knew about this married-unmarried problem. Then yesterday and today I see it in two separate videos and the other one was uploaded 4 years ago. Can we talk about how this "thing" happens with everything, that I just get an information from out of nowhere and in a day or two I get it again.
I’ve missed you!!!!
Amongst the most intelligent YouTube channels - as far as I have seen so far.
immaculate video as always.
What would happen if uy scuti exploded tomorrow, how would it affect us?
In this video, you argue that we shouldn't just listen to oligarchs.  But it's sponsored by Bill Gates.  My irony meter has exploded.
The "or is it" moment to Moon Man will never get old.
im watching this high
0:07 If I had one I wouldn't be here
interesting
Perhaps
Did.... did Michael just make an entire video arguing for direct democracy through logical reasoning?
Wow. This video is amazing. I really, don't know how you do it but, it's just amazing. -old- Memes and everything aside, this has to be my favorite Vsauce video to date. I love the topic and the execution and just everything about it.
4:51 is aesthetically pleasing to look at I made it the new wallpaper for My PC.
30 minutes and 0 ads... Let's go and appreciate Michael...
Yikes, man. Wow, what a perspective shift. This is an important video.
Phenomenal video, by far the best since counting past infinity.
We miss you and your brilliant channel,  Michael! SAVE US!!! You may be our only hope... well, besides Elon.
Glad he Dropped this shiz  on my b day.
There are simply way too many who actively and aggressively pooh-pooh reason and gleefully make use of its fruits on a daily basis as they go about shitting on it.  They are the ones who see the jar and its contents and know that a consensus is taking place...and rather than contributing anything useful they instead see value in subterfuge...and use same to underpin their "guesses" of 0 or 1 gazillion. Rather than letting them have a (any) say in (affirmatively) teaching future generations, we probably should take up the charge and see that they get taught some lessons.   FYI...8:37. Kindly avoid things such as "rat" and "teeny" when mentioning 'air-ah-TOS-tha-nees.' Eratosthenes was formidable...and he taught us a lot. Just like een-STEEN did. Yep, both deserve to be properly remembered. What's weird, I'm almost positive you've (properly) referenced him before. Not sure how this slipped past quality control. Shit happens, no doubt. Respectfully and with much love.
Hello vsus
Uncle Ben was right.. With great power comes great responsibility
He really waited to grow his beard
i love your videos, one thing i have to complain is sometimes some words are too hard lol my first language isn't English so some words like opaque i cant really deal with lol sorry for being bad in English but I will be happier if u use simpler english
Vsauce : I was born in 1986     OR WAS I ?
'WITH MY FEET IN THE AIR AND MY HEAD ON THE GROOOUUUUNDDDD'
He actually uploaded 😱
ngl, i thought he'd be back with a larger beard.
Just want to point out that Micheal talked for 30 uncut minutes without messing up once.
I love you
You really should have gone with aweso-meter
I can’t believe you sold out like this. Rip vsauce :/
Oh, I finally understand why I always feel sort of bad when I can't justify why I like or dislike a certain song, story or a drawing. I instinctively feel the need to justify everything and especially when others share their opinion and their reasons I also feel compelled to find something equally as powerful as theirs; also this makes sense to me whenever I explain something too much and they maybe don't care as much or haven't researched enough, and I feel bad because I put them on the spot to explain something they can't reason in that moment.  I used to think that I couldn't watch Vsauce videos, because they were so full of intresting things and it felt bad that I couldn't keep in my mind all the intresting things you brought up. But now I accept that I can't hold everything, and I should let others bear my burden and expand my mind by coming back to the things I feel have value, like your videos Michael from Vsauce.
what is mary is a cow? XD
He just explained the divide in political and cultural society as we know it right now and a possible solution, like damn
oh yeah vsauce
vsauceeee
I think this was your most insightful, wise and inspiring video ever. Damn good job!
9 hours agòöøóôőœõ
Ok imma lottocracist now.
This has to be the most boring video you’ve made yet.
Man I've missed this.
Mars is the future
It feels like reasoning is dying. Maybe through history people have thought always thought that, but it does feel like collectively, our ability to reason is diminishing
herscher of reasoning
This is, quite sincerely, the best Vsauce video ever made. How the team managed to squeeze almost an entire university level introductory course on psychology into a thirty minute timespan is mind boggling. Well, I guess the one from years ago on farts is also my favorite...I'm allowed to have a tie.
I missed you, uncle Michael
I think democracy would be much slower if random people decided about everything
"And when the world needed him most, he returned"
Alright Michael, how did you manage to talk about the Singularity for half the video and not explicitly mention "the Singularity"
I watched a 30 minute educational video, and it felt like 10 minutes. This shows how good he is at educating
I cant believe he looks like 2015 vsauce again..
Hello sauce man...
If you study iB, this video literally is a TOK lesson
I need to send this to my gf lmao
Thank You
Someone needs to invent an awesomeometer
21:18 His watch: aight imma head out
@5:47 i got goosebumps
Damn.. thanks
This sort of thing was explored by Isaac Asimov in one of his short stories. Basically the supercomputer decided on one person to be the annual "voter" and answer obscure questions which would decide the ruling party and earn the voter mini-celebrity status, but giving them a lot of social weight to bear (as the person who had "brought on" the political consequences via their answers). Very interesting indeed.
Where is your dad? Is it at your moms house? Or at the milk store still tryna find milk.
Why can't Micheal rule the world again?
REASON WILL PREVAIL- Pickle Party 2024
Michaels video on telling people to stop arguing
Thank you. I feel much better as a human being for watching this...  On a side note, you could dress the front of the table/desk with a black cloth it would be visually less distracting to see your body move under the table/desk.
Let's all invite each other to a chat group and decide on a random spot on planet Earth to reenact the Josh fight... with a Josh debate.       Sorry, I forgot there is one left.
Pog!
The scientist who has discovered confirmation bias had confirmation bias.
Micheal reinvents the Socratic circle
god I missed this feeling of ending with more doubts than I started with...
I love how Michael is able to talk politics in the most apolitical way ever. I wish I had the chance to spend some time with him to just talk about stuff.
Unfortunately, the people in power won't budge.
I'd like to know why anyone would dislike this video
Interesting thought that was in a way practiced in Ancient Greek Athens (disregard the blatant classism, slavery and misogyny of the time, to name just a few issues with my comparison) but I think this idea of choosing people at random to deliberate on certain issues only works if every person has the same opportunity and means to participate, in short: access. That implies socio-economic equality as well as socio-economic and physical mobility, because I have to be able to "leave" my job, my house for a while to participate in decision making processes. Or to access them online in a way that doesn't exclude people with not perfect hearing or sight or mental capabilities. To me, that firstly contradicts the premises a by-the-book capitalist requires to be able to act like a by-the-book capitalist. Which is our current social and economic system. Secondly, it doesn't take into account how people who are not physically or mentally able to participate in a way abled people expect them to are actually factored in this idea. Which again goes to the thought of basically offering every person access, as diverse and complex as the concept of "access" is. So I think as interesting as Gates' thoughts are, he is speaking from a perspective of wealth, privilege and ableness, in short: he has access, so for him, this concept is maybe more easy to conjure.
Idk, I feel like vsauce doesn't have that weirdness it had in its previous videos
I love the undertone of "let the people take back America" and i'm  totally down for it.
Allah
Well, no Bill Gates please.
Really nice vid, vsauce. Enjoyued it a lot <3 There's a one thing i would like to add. (WARNING! Personal opinion ahead!) The Crowd usually judges by intuition, and their social instincts. As a famous writer sarcasticly put it:  “the IQ of a mob is the IQ of its most stupid member divided by the number of mobsters,” ― Terry Pratchett, Maskerade  I think that a goup of people may be better at, say, counting gummies in the jar, but its a lot harder for a group to change their mind based off of *logical* arguments than for an individual.  Imo That's one of the reasons why there are so many conflicts between groups,  even though the causes may seem irrational or straight up stupid to an outside observer. In a group of people that agree on one thing, no one's gonna put up an opposing argument into a discussion in fear of being rejected... In a result, you practically can't discuss with a group. If you have your own group, i guess it could only get worse...  To get crowd judgement working, we would have to meet up people with as different opnions as possible, to get the most arguments, from various points of view. Unfortunately, we usually want to group up with people that have similar opinions, so it's not going to come naturally.
27:27 - what to do  with people who refuse to serve?
As usual, great 👍 video, thank you 🙏, Vsauce
0:05 I Legit thought he was gonna say "Where is your mum"
Holy sh*t! Watchin random Vsauce videos when suddenly I realize, it's a complete new video!
WE ARE GOD
The world needs Vsauce. This was incredible..
You lost me at Bill Gates man.. 🙄
And as always...Vsauce is nailing 🔥🔥
AÄAÄÄAÄAÄAÄAÄA!  Sorry, that is an involuntary reaction to a new viisaus video...
Michael is the great thinker of our generation
And as always, BRILLIANT!
I think I lost my mind somewhere. Thanks for the heads up
Beautiful work.
Huh
A interesting point that kinda comes out of this: what sort of powers should these randomly selected meetings have? What are the limits of their power? Who decides what the limit of their power is?  Like for example I think most people would agree that these meetings shouldn't be able to decide to like kill all black people or something like that. So what sort of power should they have? Maybe you could have like a constitution they would have to stay inside, but who makes that then? Should you be able to modify said constitution? and if so how?  Another question is more practical, how do you frame them? Do you get people there to discuss a pre-determined topic? If so, who decides what should be discussed?
Elephants are awesome, Michael is an elephant, Therefore, Michael is awesome.
Michael, you are our teacher.
Half the words I don’t understand, but I like it.
What I got from this, we need to avoid telling people they're right as well as people who are telling us we are right, and instead try to convince other people  why we are right and seek leaders who want to convince as many people as possible and bring them together
And, as always, brilliant
Half As Interesting collab when
if we can't protect earth how are we going to protect other planets when we inhabit them?
Ah shit !!  Here we go again
The best channel posting a video! Thanks again Michael for this video, it's extremely interesting and educational just like everything you put out there.
So what you're saying is... We live in a society.
Here’s our quarterly mind fuck from Michael Vsauce. Glad you all could come out
VSauce should really host Meme Review
new video pog!!!
2:57 damn someone actually uses a tilt-shift and it even makes sense
Michael is kind of like Prince EA but on crack 🤣 love the video.
The excitement I feel when I see a new Vsauce upload is too damn high.   Every video is like a small upgrade to the brain.
Nice propaganda there
The king has returned
I am a simple man. But perhaps I will be a teacher for the future.
Clicked away as soon as he mentioned Bill Gates
Ayyyyyyyyy
Finally Vsauce uploaded video Le me:I have to watch it even if I forget that I am in towel and haven't even wore the boxers😂
Dude he looks like he’s having a existential crisis  😂😂   Iam not mocking him iam just confused because this isn’t his way of telling knowledge
Am currently watching this video right now 🥸
Who's up to build a lottocratic country?
Awesome, Thank You!
I blame scientific data representation. The presentation of scientific data is an impenetrable closed book for most people - if we could establish some clear presentation standards everyone can start to understand so the data is made clearer, then we could start asking large numbers of people for their collective judgement and - maybe - start to come to better conclusions.
We need a new mindfield season Michael
You can watch him for hours and hours, learn everything about what you never thought you would ever learn.
All lives be mattering
AWESOMETER WAS RIGHT THERE!!!!*
Is that ABC-burger scenario real? Do people really do that?
Wow...  it's big brain stuff right here
Talking about climate change while partnering with Bill Gates, whew.
All lives be mattering
Good, God is back
This is the first time I've felt the urge to give a standing ovation to a youtube video. What a wonderful exploration of reason, and the reasons behind reason!
Tl:dw: we must go back to ancient Greece
Always gets this vsause vibes when hear this nastalgic backgroung theme 5:48
Love Vsauce. But Bill Gates do be preventing the release of vaccines and vaccine ingredients to countries in need :( so as much as he cares about climate change he’s causing people to die so his profit margin is maxed. :(
You releasing a video is the highlight of my year
I think abiogenesis is the Great Filter.
Jokes aside. Lets be serious guys we are the future citizens of our respective countries and this form of making decisions is to be a thing in the future for us humans to make better decisions for ourselves.
Why would confirmation bias without a theory of social reasoning? The organism has survived until that point and changing ideas, beliefs, or behaviors could cause unnecessary risk.
I've found that when it comes to changing someone's mind about stuff effective reasoning is convincing them they already knew the right answer- they just weren't quite putting all the pieces together before. Presenting with new info won't help, just emphasize info they already know. I'd say the future of reasoning largely depends on how many people grasp that nuance of the art of changing peoples' minds.
I don't care regarding opinions of others, personally I missed you.
2k people didn't agree with Micheal
Great vid Michael keep it up
5:23 NOOOOO MICHAEL  THEY GAVE HIM THE CORN SYRUP 😭😭😭
And when the world needed him the most, he returned
what a monumental video
Patronizing... Unsubscribed.
I'm less than a minute in though I would like to say something about that opening... These 'things' we use to keep track of whatever are all just molecules and atoms we have purposed to fit our needs. Just as our brain and body are made of molecules and atoms combined with electrical impulses designed to interact with outside molecules to help create sense, order, and self preservation with what surrounds our beings. Anyways, continue.     You're welcome.
Also, people are always, no exceptions, driven by emotions to make decisions, so looking at "the facts" without any of the relevant context is ridiculous
b
philosophically speaking i no longer have the will to want to change the course of my life, only philosophically speaking of course
and Bill Gates' book! great! used to love this channel... fuck off
My intuition says that a lottocracy would be a REALLY bad idea
We can only hope.
+ 1 ❤️
Interesting video but you used reason to try to prove how reasoning isn’t always reasonable
Thank you Michael, please don’t ever stop making videos. You are a timeless inspiration ❤️
fucking hell that intro made me jump
3:02 me and the boys vibin in 100 BC
R/woosh for 30 minutes straight
Wrong. Wood and stone and steel don't have the capacity for cognition. You first need to have that wet lumpy mass of fat and protein to even recognise what wood, stone steel is, and interpret the information on it to start with. The mind is not information. It is the capability to understand information
Loved it. <3
I don't like vsauce . he always fs my concept but I can't stop watching.
The crowd once believed the earth was flat and the sun revolved around it... not sure I trust the crowd.
oh! and some NWO/great reset/build back better propaganda to go in hand with the climate change stuff.... brilliant! 😒🙄
The Return of The King
23:11
Time to learn everything and nothing at the same time
I had to learn how to read people under stressful circumstances. I'm not usually completely unaware of the process, but I know that it is happening because my intuitions are usually shit, so they can't be the reason I can tell how anyone feels. Once I think about it I can almost always identify verbal and nonverbal cues that informed my conclusions.
⅙ if his views rn have liked his video. Me included. 113k out of 644k seems almost one-sixth
At this point we need awesome-ometer to measure Michael's videos
This is honestly one of the best informational videos I've ever seen. It was such a nuanced discussion of so many ideas that we all consider from time to time in passing, but they are all assembled so densely and in such a compelling manner that seems to clarifiy a great deal of the issues with our social climate. My opinion is just one of many (lol) but I really appreciate the message of this one.
The king has returned
How gracious of Mr Gates to begift us with a thinly veiled 30 minute commercial for his book, truly I'm glad he knows best and is always on the look out for humanity, that's why we shouldn't be super suspicious to the fact he's the biggest land owner in the US, wants the US to hoard the vaccine for itself in the midst of a new wave of cases worldwide and is asking us to reason with the handful of people responsable for more than 50% of carbon emissions rather than say, change anything systematically about the relation between consumption and the environment,   Yup, Mr. Gates paying Michael to make a 30 min video about how we shouldn't worry about a climate disaster because he's personally working on it is just a completely normal thing to happen, no red flags here, noooooooooooone whatsoever
nice, more climate change propaganda.... right on time too, vsauce
Perhaps Marys relationship is complicated..  Thank you for this awesome video. I was thinking do you plan different videos at the same time and when you think you have conclusion you make them, or do you just decide to make video about something and push it through? I see you siting in dark room just thinking about these different ideas in your mind and planning what to say and how. Sometimes it makes content suitable for video and sometimes you just keep on pondering on them next day, or week or month.. until you are satisfied on outcome.
Let’s fucking go Vsauce posted
This feels like a lesson of TOK (IB students here? 🤣😭)
GOOD VIDEO
Wake up honey. Vsauce uploaded.
Is it just me who wants to find a comment that's also informative and not just a meme that has been repeated for over a 100x now?
This is like some enlightenment discourse by a great master
The brain creates the concept we call the mind. All those other things are tools. Xavier: Renegade Angel - What doth life? Sometimes people overthink things, with terrible results... Like partnering with Bill Gates.
"who directs the costs and tradeoffs?" rich people. and the answer is always money first.
I really belive that in this Moment our Hyperobject are Crypto Currencies.
I love how the people that will point to this video to laugh at republicans/flat earthers/anti-vax for their idiocy will unknowingly be falling into the trap of the kind of confirmation bias that this video is talking about.
this slaps
WHO CAME HERE FROM THE LUDWIG STREAM?!
Once I gain real internet access and produce decent content, I can only pray for a red camera like jade got !   Kidding - I’ll never be able to produce good content, but I’d love to have the latest version of what the movie ‘the gamer’ was recorded with to make the movies I’m writing.
Word
You have to stop with the crack Michael, come home, we’re worried for you
Vsauce,,,, MICHAEL!!! You're so right pls let the world be like this
ight imma philosophize for 30 minutes
make this the most liked and disliked video on youtube
FINNALY
Who needs school 🏫 when you have vsauce
Funny how people just don’t care about the video
So I'm finally going to be a teacher 🥺🥺
That outro tho gives me chills. Love the music also
I hate it when you appear out of thin air like that...
ummm, yeah.  let's maybe start with term limits before jumping straight to lottocracy.  running the country with a group of incentivized, experienced, smart people will always work out better than using a casual focus group of 'advisors' randomly picked from the population.
Good video. Keep up the good work, Michael.
I already lost track of him in 5 minutes
I am now a firm Lottocrat.
This is one of the best Vsauce Content i have seen. thanks for sharing
What if Mary is a cat?
I think I am a lottocracist now.
Michael: I am not an elephant.  My disappointment is immeasurable and my whole day is ruined
Asian school : why you need reasons just do some 1000 melon maths and you're successful
Vsauce, a great form of "government" which also deals with the topic of one person not being able to make good decisions is Anarchocapitalism. I know it sounds iffy but I advise you give it a thought, I personally find the arguments for it very reasonable
I suddenly feel so justified in my view that people should stop yelling at each other with their opinions and instead talk about it, if their interest is actual wisdom over confirmation and self-validation.
Aw JES
finally a new video 🥳
Hey other parts of the collective mind! Hows it going?
9:50 - Ben Shapiro's world view in a nutshell.
hey vsauce new upload here
JAAAA Endlich wieder ein Video
Bill Gates talks all the big savious and philonthraphy stuff but when it comes to simple steps to save humanity, he picks to help big pharma profiteer from pandemic over allowing nations in trouble to make their own vaccines eirther by their own research or even by getting help from big pharma allowing them reasonable profit margins for a win win... Bill Gates is just another crony capitalist and a hypocrate..Period.
9:50 Twitter be like
I just laid a took a steaming shit, time for some vsause
What if you were shot / seriously hurt while in a coma
This was so subtly fierce that it had a homeopathic effect on me
Does anyone else have a "no" instinct?
Very clever
This whole video seems like Michael's pitch that future generations would bring him back to life. They'd be wise to do that...
❤️Chrono sonder ending❤️
This episode really hit me. Shared it on social media. It's definitely made me consider how I should be less sure of my own opinions and more considerate of other people's ideas and points of view. Ultimately were all in this together and it isn't a competition to see who's right when the prize is our continued existence and the alternative is chaos and misery. You are a pleasure to listen to
Ted Kaczynski was right!
At-Fuc*ing-Last-An-Upload-From-Vsause
yea, I've got shivers down my spine
Incredible video as always, digging the new music!
lol 😂 I noticed at the end of video that he has no grown beard
Algorithmic comment
They made a movie about an alternate universe that has a National Deliberation Day.     It's called: The Purge.
A nail in the coffin for cancel culture and censorship. Good meme Mike.
What is the sound at 9:28?
Pooplicker is back!
High af watching this
A lottocracy sounds nice at first until you realize by definition half of the country has a below average IQ.
Am I just imagining some Habermas here? I SMELL HABERMAS.
"Your brain is just a wet lump of fat, no firmer than a glob of tofu" This isn't the first time somebody told me that.
Sounds like the 21st centuries version of communism haha
sponsored by bill gates? Seems like vaccine propaganda.
What are we waiting for then!
9 hours ago, 656k views, 114k likes.
It's far more likely that most intelligent life never gets past AGI control issue. Climate and energy needs are solvable, the AGI control problem might not be.
omg
14:20 I do sometimes and it's starting to annoy the hell out of me ngl
Yet again, a uniquely amazing video :)
Nothing makes me feel smahrt liik ah vsahse vid e o I think mi I q must bee up 2 tha numbrr G aftar thiss
Conformation bias: a great example are the conspiracy theorists today. Instead of listening to counter arguments, the conspiracists look for information that fuels the theory
That's a great video Michael, see you Next year.
Oh my gosh a new vsauce video!!
Viisaus at it again
I mean yeah, you don't *need* to learn how to fix a car, but you could.
Vscauce is a modern the bill nye.
🤩🤩🤩🤩
25:28 true
I was scared that they stopped using the signature Vsauce background music for a bit 🥺 It was hard to focus until it came on tbh
0:01 when I'm talking to anti-vaxxers
Dude, so now that I'm aware of my fingers you ask me where is my mind? I didn't study for that
HOLY SHIT ITS WHERE IS MY MIND WEDNESDAY!!!!!
When i've seen the title i've been sure there will be something with neuralink in the vid time to watch the vid tho
The return of the king
5:45 I have waited 3 months to hear that again
When a new video drops ah I already know I’ll rewatch this like 5 times
16:57 - epic!
Many man still sleeping on the coach, either he's right or wrong.
I have little hope for any major advances in understanding from the human race. At minimum we should be teaching debate and philosophy in every school but of course we don't because we wouldn't want people to start asking difficult questions to politicians, abusive corporations or religions organizations.   It's really succeeding as well, the average person doesn't even realize that they do philosophy every time they use their brain and just see philosophy as something for old men with long white beards. Even though we really should be pushing our politicians and educators into bringing philosophy to everyone.
10:54 The way I came to the same conclusion was that Mary was _Mary_'d, and therefore a married person is looking at an unmarried person... I feel very out of the box right now
Michael 2024
Yes Michael I agree with you. But I want a debate between you and sadhguru.... *Don't ask for reason* 乁 ˘ o ˘ ㄏ
0:04 I don't know... I lost it...
Sad to yee how less people get into the real topic but just do some like gaining comments. No offense tho.  The argument with random people in curt hits so hard.. Must be true when vsauce is saying it. Jokes aside, right now we need some kind of revolution - our government is money driven and really not into listening to what most of people say. Presidents choose election topics just to get elected - of corse some are vital - but still some give the money and recourses we earn to military  forces we dont even need. I hope this changes with the next generation of people being born or something. But a democracy that takes random people to decide big questions like how to stop emissions would be way more efficient than letting the people who's pocket is directly effected by it decide.  What me as a single person can do? Maybe talk to ny friends about this. But in the end no government guy is gonna read this, or watch vsauces video, so after all whe must hope that at some point we have someone revolutionary in a leading position that really wants to change something.  Im just going through my thoughts
Beautiful and impossible.
well, that's too bad. you're using god's work (reason) to do the devil's (gates).
From now on, the only phrase I want to hear is "...Or is it?"
This gave me major flashbacks to my classes in philosophy, a course that i have come to realize should be mandatory.
HEY VSAUCE....we missed you :'(
Return of the king :)
Couldn’t AI become a powerful lone reasoner? While humans are built to reason collectively that is not necessarily the case for an AI. Though, it would still make sense if AI reasons more effectively as a collective.
I like when Michael posts :D
What’s interesting to me is that the earth has been through cycles / events which have several times more green house gases in our atmosphere which yes, does cause worse storms, does make earth hotter. But something interesting also, co2 is lighter than oxygen, and is the primary fuel for plants. So trees get bigger, so do animals.  The problem also isn’t over fishing and destroying these ecosystems because we have consistently throughout time, gone down to near complete extinction.  I mean the Great Barrier Reef didn’t even exist until after the last ice age. The Sahara desert was once apart of the ocean, and also once a rainforest.  When we go into early civilisations we find that modern day Iraq was the oasis to be.   Our understanding of oceans rising has been politicised so much that it’s hard to take seriously. If we go to al gores video we realise he just said a lot of stuff that convicted him snd he got a billion dollars for it.  But those predictions were wrong, not because the science is wrong but because predicting next years weather is about as effective.  The truth is what we know is we need way more forests. Over fishing is bad because of phytoplankton, they produce 75% of our oxygen. Deforestation is bad because they consume co2 and store it in the ground.  Polluting oceans and forests is bad... But it’s not as bad as what the earth and our ancestors have been through.  Over population isn’t that bad either, there is a bandwidth of food / fresh water the earth has and we can consume 100% of it annually as long as we have the refresh rate at 100% annually as well. If we consume 110% we will run out in 10 years. As the bandwidth will run out.  The concept of space debri isn’t as hostile as it appears, models can’t really engage size difference to the earths size.  Worst case scenario is if we don’t have enough bandwidth for food and water. If we don’t have enough forests and phytoplankton to maintain oxygen levels at the 16-21% that it is now.  And for the trees to start banking the co2.  We know the ozone layer isn’t depleting due to these gases. We are literally just making a magnifying glass very slowly with the culprits being those gases mentioned in this video.  Thankfully the ocean and forests take care of it. At this point we will have a lot of animals go extinct. But the process of evolution always filters out the weak animals and allows the strong ones to get stronger.  We underestimate the potential and resilience of our amazing animals.  If they have survived massive volcanoes making the entire earth into annual darkness and winter.  If they survived asteroids , thousands of times the magnitude of even our biggest nukes.  If they survived ice ages and that weird period where it would cycle between ice age and incredible summers on a WEEKLY basis. Which happened for about 10 years due to the sun going through a strange cycle and the sun spots causing disruption to our magnetic fields, altering the magnetic true north and south.  If life has endured the beginning of the planet where the heat and green house gases were still settling, the oceans very acidic and even saltier.  Then it can survive this. It won’t be good, it’s not great. It’s still an extinction event, things will only get worse.  But at the end of the day, even though we made this mistake, I assume every intelligent race that has ever lived before in the universe would have come to this point. And any that will come will likely have something to this extent happen.  We are alpha predators with a monkey brain who can make explosives . Who thought it would be good?  How far we have come now is amazing. I have a dog who hates the dog next door. But I’m intelligent enough to not hate the neighbour.  Life isn’t over, even if we tried to kill it all, we still have micro organisms deep underwater who will be alive even after the sun goes through cycles where we won’t be alive.  We have micro organisms deep underwater who have been alive for millions of years... in their generation.  We have organisms that can withstand most things, even space.  Even after we die, life won’t.  Even if we destroy 99.99% of all organisms. Life started at some point when there was 0% life.  Maybe it’s another extension of the universe. Maybe there is laws extending out to life and consciousness just like physics and chemistry.  But being scared or angry about what we have all done, feeling guilty or shame for our fellow apes is silly.  We should learn from it and realise that is ahead of the curve. Knowing this, knowing what you know isn’t average or normal, it’s literally an achievement.  Have a good one.
It's the 29th of April 2021 and I'd like say hello specifically to the 18th of October 2027 and the 3rd of August 2024.
WOOOOOOOOOOOO
If we accept that our consciousness is a godly essence that allows us to experience lives, then yes. I guess we are gods in some way.
YEEEEEEEEAAAAAHHHHHH, NEW VID  !!!
sounds like anarchism with extra steps
vsauce in 2021 this is amazing
I found this video so incredibly insightful. Thank you and bless you Michael.
I need an awesome-ometer
Why do you need to release zero gases? That is poor reasoning. We fart, chemical reactions, and so on
19:37
Reasoning doesn't exist anymore because everyone records and twitter exists.
this needs to be the #1 video on Youtube.
This man is a legend,he used the same font for 9 years
6:30 - 7:30 *This is something Governments and corporations should remember* if only they could look in the mirror and see the people their decisions  impact
Can we all just appreciate that we are getting this incredible content for free
Lol I actually guessed the exact number of jelly beans in a jar when I was in elementary school
Reason is the reason I'm waiting this video
Damn yo, all this talk of the mind as a collective unconscious and not one mention of my boy Carl Jung. I see how it is Vsauce.
Im so glad i came this early; at least im not a few years late this time! xD
MORE WISDOM
Ma boi is backk
I wish michael was a teacher, just imagine  Now, the pythagorean theorem is simple... Or is it? *VSauce music plays from laptop*
wake up babe new vsauce video
I would argue the quality of life will stagnate, then it will decrease. Due to poor agricultural practices that lead to soil depletion, medicine for profit rather cheap cure, big government to siphon money from promises. I could go on.
Beautiful that you are calling all of us to doubt our beliefs, to doubt who we think has the answers, to doubt even you, and to engage in conversation to reach a logical conclusion to whatever topic. And you are right, we need to get out of our circle jerking  self confirmation bubbles and meet new people to make our beliefs more sensical and to have a truth not designated by a few but by everyone.
Vsace is brain porn to me.
🤍🤍🤍
Unbelievable how important this video is, in so many ways. In recent years I've become more and more uncomfortable with "the opposition", whoever that may be, being called "stupid" for almost any reason. The thought of your own ideas being so objectively "better" that any dissenting views can't even be considered is extremely dangerous, and the (seemingly) widespread acceptance of this type of thinking is very discouraging.
Michael, why are you making me question the very existence every time you talk about literally anything?
Riveting and mind blowing. You may have just predicted what a future governing council would be. Reminds me of the way some Indigenous peoples make decisions by consensus.
and thence the masses went back to another 3-4 month waiting period
😂😂😂👌
HOLY VSAUSE!! A 30 MINUTE VIDEO
Way out in the water See it swimming
Whats the song 15 min in?
He’s looking like 2012 Michael again
Why does this feel like an old video?
Does Vsauce offer internships?
my attention span is so bad im crying
I love how he creates matter out of nothing
I so much appreciate a 30 minute video, from vsauce.
I love you Michael
Huh.
here's what bothers me about this rationalization of hysteria: I don't have control over anything, the rich and powerful do, so if you want to "combat emissions" or whatever hysterical nonsense you wan to push, then go and convince Apple or the oil industry to stop their emissions. I don't have a say on anything, I am a worthless piece of nothing who no one cares whether he lives or dies. I don't have power to change anything, I'm neither the cause nor the solution for your boogeyman, I have real problems I have bills to pay, and I have to worry about whether or not I can afford rent, and I don't even know if I will have money left to afford my next meal. I'm using a second-hand computer that was already obsolete 10 years ago, I can't afford gas, and my furniture is falling apart. STOP PREACHING TO ME, I DON'T GIVE A DAMN ABOUT YOUR STUPID NONSENSE, I HAVE MY OWN PROBLEMS. Fuck the climate, fuck politicians, fuck hollywood, and fuck you who keep telling ME I am the fucking problem because I don't believe in your stupid cult.
00:00 That's my IKEA chair PogU
It’s funny because I just started my millionth vsauce binge a few days ago and he uploads
Bill Gates is literally part of the problem, not part of the solution. Very disappointed in this partnership...
Nailed it again, Sensei! Sir Michael, how did you ever get so smart? This should be required viewing for every person on the planet!
Its been a while.
Legend is back
Time to melt into a puddle of existentialism
At a time where politicians make decisions based on what their voters believe despite all the scientific evidence against it, yeah, this rings true. Never thought this might have such an existential impact and be part of the great filter.
Why not live by court rule
lol in the form of government formed from choosing people at random, our fate as a country held in the hands of 7 random crack heads from the inner cities.
he is back dudes
Single greatest video that you have ever produced Michael. History will look back fondly on your gift to this world
11:33 out of context
actually incredible
The Return of the King.
Note: we're Technosapiens
where are your pants 😳
I believe cause and effect are path independent. It doesn’t matter what reason you believe the result is going to be certain.  The important thing is we question our reasonings to solve uncertainty. Thats all it takes to persist.
Watching V sauce is like learning everything and learning nothing at the same time
"[...] those implementing it should be held accountable by as many different perspectives as possible!" Yes!
1:57 There it is!
I do not matter because society is managed by stupid masses that choose idiot leaders
10:11   I honestly only got the answer right because I thought it was playing a pun on "Mary" as "married"  Mary is looking at Peter, who is unmarried. So I answered yes.    It's like one of those math problems where you get the correct answer without using the correct formula.
Secretly advocating communism
That took 3weeks lol
6:35
11:05 "Almost immediately see why it's right" Or, in like, 5 minutes of heavy thinking, right...? Right?
Hey there, viewer #485,073 here, glad to join the Global Debate.
If reasoning is so great why isn't there a reasoning 2?
Instantly made my day 😃 There is no example of me sitting half an hour and watching a man sit and talk except Vsauce.
Engagement so this gets more views
Is the video quality more crisp or is it just me?
I like this
Where’s my mind? In the gutter usually
All this was, was Michael priming us for his ascension as god emperor of earth.
I don't know why but I've always felt that there is almost nothing stronger then our collective reasoning. As crazy, biased, or illogical some individuals reasoning can become, our strength as a species comes from how strong we allow the collective reasoning to become and how long we can drive that reasoning into the future.
Did he really just pull a "with great power comes great responsibillity" on us? Absolut respekt for that one. A clap and a half for you sir.
everyone should watch this
🤯
Micheal: "... seem less than mistakes and more like features." Programmers: exactly
Reasoning : exists  Insults : exists Kids who win the argument : "NO U"
Your alive??
Great insight, but you have to finish the line of reasoning instead of stopping half-way.  The missing conclusion is that mankind is not 1 species but a 4 symbiont species:  1) The flesh, cultures of cells in isolated mobile colonies that have their own agenda and that is intelligent though not conscious. 2) The human individual which is a mind, not born, but woven during lifetime out of data (being life experiences or call them memory engrams). 3) The collective of al humans and their knowledge which is the operational combination of all knowledge, stored and processed not only by brains but also by books, websites, files and computers in general. Like the body is a conglomerate of cells so is the conglomerate of all humans and machines itself a different single being that is intelligent though not conscious. 4) self organizing patterns based on physics, RNA, DNA, enzymes and even simple chemical bounding.   And all of that on the background or scene formed by the great cycle of atomic de-composition by black wholes and re-composition in stars. A thought as brief as mankind's history being a blink of eternity on a speck of dust.
Very relevant video in these times!
What a genius. I feel like I understand our condition so much better with just this video. It all makes sense. It makes me hope for the future of humanity if the knowledge of this video is properly absorbed by people around the world
The legend is back
Bill gates is the reason we are dependent on electronics, so he honestly needs to do more good.  That means not selling books that kills more trees.
please Michael we need more videos like this. these kind of videos explaining the essence of what we are, how we work, and how it's applied is so profoundly insightful and useful for people to know
"we use conclusions to come to reasons"
Mine's in the gutter.
VSAUCE UPLOADED ON MY BIRTHDAYYYYYYYYYYY
It's a really interesting concept, and I find the evolutionary development theory pretty convincing. But I don't really agree with government set up from random individuals. I understand the idea of collective minds arriving accurately at a correct answer, but that assumes all problems have a correct answer. In addition, making sure these people are educated, means someone has to first decide what is and isn't true.
Tripe
I think this relates to the difference between good leaders and bad ones.  Bad leaders ignore criticism, micromanage others' tasks, and belittle others' importance. Good leaders search for feedback, delegate tasks to competent people, and empower others to cooperate.  Good leaders aren't innately good by themselves, and they don't just solve things alone. They succeed by promoting group reasoning.   For a pop culture example, compare the Marvel film universe with the DC film universe.  Marvel's leaders recruited creative talent, discussed their direction, and empowered them to make good stories that worked for all involved.  DC's leaders made decisions from the top down, with little room for individuals to shine. They rushed into the crossover phase early, leaving less room to develop their stories and characters beforehand.  As a result, the MCU is a cinematic accomplishment that other studios try desperately to replicate. They made huge profits, while also winning over critics and audiences. The DCU on the other hand has been constantly on shaky ground, with critical and audience reception wildly mixed, and often not favorable.  DC seems to have noticed this after their first few movies. The best-received DC films have been unconnected to the DCU, like Shazam and Joker. These were projects where creative talent was empowered to create stories and let their strengths shine and build upon each other.
20:48 Is reminiscent of Reddit
Ahhhh...! Finally 😄
Thanks Michael, now I’m depressed
Bruh bill gates 🤡
Hey Michael, I find the constant background music very distracting when you are trying to explain something so subtle and relevant. Maybe consider using it more lightly in the future.
Hey Vsauce , Michael here
BABE WAKE UP!! VSAUCE POSTED
Welcome back, class
When we needed him the most, he came back
Reasoning went out the door with Trump & the nutjob GOP
can you start a series on basic human psychology,  mistakes we make, how we behave why we do certain things in certain ways
I am Vsauce! Mind blown 🌈
Am I the only one who actually prefer simpler gadgets to those with more functions?
The internet makes me feel more and more and more... fictional
You wake up in a sweat. Sleep paralysis hasn't been kind to you the past months, the manifestations feeling more and more real each day... **The figure is starting at you in the corner of the room.** **it stands up and walks towards the end of the bed** You can do nothing but look back into its lifeless eyes as its malicious, crooked, blood soaked smile is revealed by the dim light coming from your phone. **it climbs over the footrest of your bed** You close your eyes and turn your head away in fear as it puts its face above your head. **you feel it's cold breath hitting your ear** **In a cold, deathly voice it finally speaks** "Hey vsauce, Michael here."
I didn't realize I'm watching Vsauce, but a Netflix series instead
I used to watch Vsauce to get smarter, now I'm getting dumber.  Agenda, Politics, Propaganda.
great comeback vsauce i appreciate your channel so much!
The best insult in this decade 0:36
The way you present knowledge in these videos reminds me so much of my biology professor, He has so much passion for what he teaches and It makes you hold on to every word
Tbh I didn't understand Sh*t
A vsauce upload is always nice
aaah i keep on saying these things to my friends, but no really has the time to think about it... and sometimes i just do not know how i would express it to them, i mean.... i know to express things, but...  people have these unshakable firm believes and it would take a lot of time to shape them. Most often people just joke about it, and when I try to be serious it just ends up being boring 🥺😢
awesome concept. a great lesson that is inside the book that is truly great: Balance.
Thank you for putting into words what (for me) is the greatest problem of today
Always a pleasure.
Pressing and pressing does not work out in the end ... dangerous 😬
So what to think of Argumentum ad populum ?
05:47 And there it is... this extraordinary vsauce feeling! <3
1:33 Is that the Oilsands?
Yada yada yada.. as long as evil people like ur friend bill gates exploit the planet for their greedy goals, the situation on the planet wont get better. Also ure mixing up the levels of thinking trying to solve sociological and political issues by logic (??)and evolutionary biology.
5:48 just hits different
Thanks to notions such as Tik-Tok shortening attention spans rapidly, there is no future for reasoning.    Think what will happen to entertainment as narratives in films get thinner and thinner?  There’s no future for logic.
cool
Jontron and vsauce uploading on the same day? This is no coincidence.  IT HAS BEGUN
Twitter
I’m just meat, water and electricity.
wow
Michael casually submitting a new, very sound form of government
Not a bad video, but I think you should post another one just in case.
Conformation bias aka stubbornness...
Thank you for this new meme template Michael, very cool!
nice
-> "some people have more to lose than others, who gets to decide" ->"sponsored by Bill Gates"
"... We call Communication" ***Where is the Vsauce theme?***
where is now?
Never been more happy to watch a new vid instead of rewatching one of his others
So, getting rid of comment sections is unreasonable.. and those who do it should necessarily have their influence diminished by reasoning people?  I wonder what kind of videos or channels I can find doing that these days..
Oh my God Vsauce has a new video the fuck is going on here lol
I can literally feel when he's about to say "or is it"
2h51 am ... Montreal , Canada ( well now 2h52 has i'm writing this )
Some things never change. Vsauce us still good
I miss Vsauce's older videos.
V sauce!!!!
That was a profoundly amazing video. Recent politics and meeting a hard core conspiracy theorist have taken me down a rabbit hole of trying to understand reason. I was struggling and this video really caused me a good few aahhhha's. Cheers Vsause! Good reasoning! ;)
HE"S BACK !!!!!!!
In hundred years humanity will face the multi reasoning quantum block chained AI hyper object
I think I might have realized so many things from within, this video almost brought tears to my eyes. Love all your videos thank you so much <3
9:57 perfect ben Shapiro impression
Unfortunately humans are not logic machines, despite how romantic that seems
Im a simple man, I see a Vsauce upload I like first before watching
i wish the words you speak would be heard by everyone.
If reasoning is so great, why isn't there a reasoning 2? A short film by vsause
What if the real "Great Filter" is achieving a society that is SO tolerant that it becomes unable to excise the intolerant, leading to its own destruction?  Your first thought at reading that is probably "What, so we just 'get rid of' all the people who are racist, homophobic, xenophobic, transphobic, etc? That's insane!" (That, or "What does 'excise' mean?" 😂)  That's exactly my point.  I'm absolutely not calling for violence in any way. Doing so would be abhorrent, and that's literally the Catch-22 I'm referring to.  Just something to think about.
i love you vsauce michael i hope you have a good day
24:28 Charlie Kelly makes a cameo 😂
He tells  'it is...something' Me: yeah He: or is it? Me: dead
Wishing Michael could help me with my terrible logic and reasoning
"But they make extreme storms in general more extreme and frequent". Are you pushing an agenda here, or do you have non-controversial, real science to back up such an extreme claim? https://www.forbes.com/sites/rogerpielke/2019/11/15/no-hurricanes-are-not-bigger-stronger-and-more-dangerous/?sh=1905b014d9e7
Oh no, I'm not ready for another existential crisis
First 10 seconds of this video and I know it's that good old vsauce that will leave me "what the fuck just happend to my brain" when is ends.
We all need to get our shit together before we make ourselves go extinct
okhaaay
.......  or IS it?
What watch is he wearing ? 😍
thumps up for the sound artist that gives your thoughtprocess such an embrace.
Another home run
Futere, pick me
OMG HE'S BACK AGIN
My 2021 is getting better because of this upload
What is reason? Baby don't hurt me, don't hurt me, no mo
This is perhaps the most culturally significant YouTube video of all time. It doesn’t attack the right, it simply explains that evolutionarily there’s always a group predisposed to being wrong, and that it’s NOT THEIR FAULT that they’re wrong. Better yet, it shows them that it’s not too late to change their viewpoint.  It’s one of the best attempts ever at extending an olive branch to conservatives & Republicans and have them realize their faults before it’s too late for this planet and its inhabitants.
With Michael's return, my life is complete. I mean, it's not and the whole world is pretty much goin' down the tubes. But it's nice to see Michael again.
So, are we like, a larger version of ants?
It really took Bill Gates to get this man out of hiding
Self interest . . . duh.
I frequently question my faith in humanity. This video has restored some of it. The correct path for restoring our environment and our own collective fate involves so much change in our world. I’m willing to commit to that. But from what I’ve seen, majority of us are stuck with wanting to keep comfort in what we have in our relatively short lives. The threat will continue to grow, and these people will continue to refuse to acknowledge it because they have fallen in the well of society and aren’t willing to make the climb out of it because of fear. Or, there are those who could care less about the lives of our future generations because they won’t have to be the ones that live through the consequences.  Seeing this video has given me a little more confidence in the way we’re headed.
what!
If I could use anyone as an example of a Perfect English speaker, I'd questionlessly pick Michael.
Hey Micheal have you heard of this thing called direct democracy? It's like a lottocracy except you always win the lottery! Really makes you think...
Am i seeing right? Vsauce???
drink for every obstruent 'p'
I like the idea of lottocracy. I'll pick the random people, shall I? no wait, we need a reliable system. how about I design the reliable system.? no.. let's pick people at random to design the system... hmmm. there seems to be a inherent flaw somewhere.. How about we make it random by not looking at merit, but make it a popularity contest..? like... elections?
Vsauce videos is that type of rare videos when I don't feel like I wasted my time.
Micheal, your one of the ancients who I hope will be remembered fondly! Beautiful and thought provoking. Lottocracy awaits!
Excellent video Mr. Sauce
The part about intuiting other’s emotions really took me aback. I knew neurotypicals have an easier time reading emotions than people with autism such as myself, but I had no idea they just somehow know. I for one do have to consciously consider a person’s posture, facial expressions, vocal intonation, etc, etc, to guess their mood. Do non-autistic people not have to do this?
Our quarterly dose of the Vsauce vaccine for stupidity is here😂
Orgasmic.
Renacimiento
"We can choose what that will mean"  That gave me the chills, it reminiscent of a Sagan qutoe that's dear to me. "We are the custodians of life's meaning"
I got a little nervous with the porn bass drop at 15:13. Wasn't sure what was coming next.
Nice
Haters will say it has cuts, but we all know that Michael is actually materializing those objects out of thin air with his psychic powers.
Just want to enlighten everyone on tyne fact that he is sitting in an ikea chair.
me and michael have the same chair
this has to be micheal's best work
Wow Michael you're back to give us our yearly dose of Vsauce
2:00 Peep the Death Note music
If the reasoning is so good, why isnt there a sequel??? Duh...
I'm so glad we got a new upload, I've been binge watching old Vsauce videos the last few weeks and I usually fall asleep to them. I absolutely love your vids, Michael! <3
True or False: The statement 'There is an Unknown Truth." is true.
He's BACK!
This is what I needed
@3:45 how? With blockchain  ... Crypto is the answer my friend
My heart skipped a beat when I realised he uploaded
I miss the Vsauce days of deep discussions.
Im not so sure about the suffer less part
You may think bill gates is the head of an evil empire, but at least he has the foresight to look out for the existence of his subjects
4:50 that’s a very interesting claim to make considering we only have 1 piece of data to go by... as the only species we know of that fits that description, can we be certain that anything that happens to our species must happen to all similar species?
Make more plz.
I absolutely love everything about this video.  I can’t explain my reasons but it’s just my intuition
Hey vsauce!
Having an _awesome-ometer_ , I can confirm that Michael is awesome.
7:13 Spider-Man approved this
always remember to hit the like button; ring that bell icon, and never forget the reasons you did.
So he remembered his password ?
Lol, we Aspergers don't reason like this :D  Countless times i looked at previous decisions/work & didn't agree with my past self. Turns out, most of the time, someone altered my work. The rest is practical reasons, like deadlines
Politics even seeped through to my Vsauce videos... It's getting quite ridiculous isn't it?
Huh you make a pretty good point
"When someone's upset, we don't consciously analyse their body language" ASD folks: Maybe YOU don't
But Michael IS awesome
See you again after a month Michael
I can't wait to watch this after work!
who the fuck dislikes the annual vsauce content?
so... did you come up with this on your own...? :)
I like the idea of a lottocracy tbh
The caption doesn't match up, but the conveyored message is the same Though, at 16:07 what Michael is the opposite of the caption?
A lottocracy actually doesn't sound that ludicrous to me. It would encourage facts, statistics and research and the ability to come to conclusions based off of those facts. It would put pressure on the people randomly selected to really pay attention, get informed and make a decision.
This is one of the best Vsauce videos and has answered many issues plaguing my mind for years like why we can't agree on anything if we're rational creatures and pointing out the problem of socio-political balkanization. The lottocracy idea is interesting too. The social theory of reasoning is incredibly interesting and it kinda saddens me when people aren't talking about it and only meme in the comments.
World: descending into chaos. Michael: Hey, Vsauce! Btw, here is the clearly stated problem and the solution.
Mind = Blown!
World is not that complicated. If everything is generalized and everyone straightforwardly work towards survival and comforts for each and every individual. Development in every field will obviously happen.
I was thinking about this for so long I feel like crying. "Deliberation arenas." Can be virtual or physical, everyone can watch a randomly selected group apply their own reasoning to a problem. Can be as simple as a website/app or formal as a service organization or government office. VSAUCE you're amazing.
he said or is it and the sus music didnt play    depressing.
Easily your most important video to date!
Vsauce absolutely blowing our minds twice a year. So many good points here, it makes me depressed that they probably wont be listened to.
1.6k dislikes are from hitler
This comment section is a meetup for 100k+ sub channels. Vsauce bringing em all out
Vsauce and JonTron UPLOADING VIDEOS?   This is a blessed week
@vsauce the closed captions need another pass.
Yay! Vsauce! This is like the "second coming of Christ" but more interesting and real.
this was a heck of a video to watch while high
The power of thought has never been so emphasized until now.
nah, reasoning is left to multiple perspectives (the crowd) to minimize the amount of angry people, not because averaging the crowd's opinions are better. Sadly the majority of humans do not think and rely purely on intuition just like wild animals. When talking about complex reasoning, the closer you are to the crowd's average, the further you are from the truth. Just be a reasonable guy and carefully choose the people you stick with in your life and you'll make good decisions.
Hey Michael, vsausce here
I'm not so sure about the randomly assigned deliberators thing. I want the people voting on something to have some sort of background in what they are voting on (if possible). I want doctors and biologists to be the main drivers of healthcare policy, economists on fiscal policy, and engineers on infrastructure. There is frequently FAR too much information to know to have a well-informed opinion on a topic than the average person can get in a crash course from this lottery system. Also, sometimes society needs a minority to push people in the right direction. Only a bit more than half of Americans supported the Civil Rights Act of 1964, and those that did wanted a more moderate enforcement of it. At the time, we needed a push from a few people (congress) that disproportionately represented a particular viewpoint in order for progress to occur. This is not to say paternalism is the absolute best way forward, I just can't trust the average person to make key decisions well.
he protecc he atacc but mos importantly michael bacc
What am I
michael for president lol
babe, wake up, vsauce uploaded
The owners of political power will only agree to release political power to "lottocracy" when they see that otherwise no one will win. They have to be cornered into a situation that challenges their survival.
I love how he didn’t put any ads
The planet vs humans. Who do you think will win?
We ar the first ancient electritions
26:16 I’m so happy that Vsauce brings up something I’ve been trying to tell people about for years. Thank you.
All S are P! All S are P! All S are P! I thought I had heard that for the last time upon completing the basic logic course. I was wrong.
What I learned from this video: I'm a lazy fuck
Really miss your videos
interesting
I will be back in 1 year and edit this comment.
Hi vsauce
I just spent 30 minutes learning about reason. Or did I?
Oh boy time for existential crisis again
Lucky to live in a time where this guy is alive.
Or is it... ?
Finally the legend said: Or is it?
The king is back
Even after the logic puzzle is explained I'm still totally clueless
10/10 Vsauce video. Reminded me of old times. Good work Michael!
This video is worth to watch especially it points out that "Reasoning together" is the future of our reasoning.
Wow wat a ccool vodeo
"I am not an elephant" YOU HAVE ONCE AGAIN BETRAYED MY HEART!
finally, a centrist i can get behind
LETS GO
I’ve been subscribed for years, but after hearing that Bill Gates was involved I unsubscribed and won’t watch this video. The man is absolutely evil.
Thank you for this, i’ve tried to explain this to people around me to no avail all the time.
Wait a minute, he isn't an elephant?
Thank you genuinely
All lizards are handsome. Mark Zuckerberg is a lizard. Therefore, Mark Zuckerberg is handsome. The conclusion is logically valid. But are these assumptions true? Yes. But  as we know the conclusion is not true
Can confirmation bias relate to the creation of conspiracy theories of popular topics?
I really like Michaels new method of releasing a single 30 minute video every six months or so
I missed my chemistry lesson because of your video man...
Use me as we want an awesome-o-meter button
Ignore comment   11:10
This is probably one of the most important Vsauce videos.
Nice presentation but it's lacking to address the main problems: - science is the most reasonable about, but there is no consensus among scientists? It's widely admitted that the Earth is spherical, but how to we get all scientists to agree on climate change? Only when they do agree, that everyone will start to accept it. - in your talk, "everyone has a voice, that's how we arrive to a consensus". However some people have a bigger voice than others: influencers and powerful people, CEO and billionaires alike (Bill Gates is welcomed as if he's the head of some country!). How to we make those people shut-up and let the others speak? Now, link the two issues together: lobbying. Companies and rich people (again) grant money to laboratories and universities. That's not a problem in itself, but more often than not it becomes one when the scientists and doctors bias their research to keep said grants.
Vsauce is back. My life has meaning. Jk. i love your videos michael. im 13 yrs old and they are really educational but fun. so thx. i love the topics you talk about. Have a great Day! cya.
It starts at 5:45 ;)
Knocked it out of the park again 👌
Your welcome
Here before 1M.
u r mr gay
Good drinking game. Take a shot every time he says reason.
Grande pelao Vsauce
14:12 uh I kinda do do that. Must be the autism (also, doo doo, lol)
Little sad
... and CALENDERS
This is now my most favourite Vsauce video they've ever made
Lottocracy rocks
*SAUCE*
Michael is definitely going to be making us scratch our head and think, until he's 80 or something...
the reason why we disagree even on logical things can be seen at work in the optimisation of software. optimization is not one thing. you can optimise for size of codebase, speed, memory consumption, readability of code, modularity, lesser dependencies etc etc. some of them are mutually exclusive, so you can't optimise for all. you pick and mix. and what you pick and mix is ideally fit for the intended use. but since use changed it is mostly for "best practice" which is kind of agreed upon in itself... locally and with fashions of thinking..
NEW VIDEO!!
But if governments will choose people randomly other people who weren't chosen don't they will make those celebraties who were? Like people do that thing all the time
People fear the dark because they don’t know what that nothing is.   This is what nothing is: Being is the conscious awareness of universal limits, the fundamental structure for life and death, all thoughts of past, present, and future contained in the microcosm of the human body. We exist so small, and yet we realize the infinite.   The final Great Filter may be the very act of accepting futility of this linear world we chose to save, and let it destroy humanity when its time comes. The filter we have yet to overcome is not a political, personal, or objective truth... it is the simulated truth. If we fail to escape the 3rd dimension of the universe and break the space time continuum, then nothing happens because we will die. Full. Stop. End. The game is life, but existence is more than universal. The Great Filter is the universe and we will never beat it until we are dead. The best thing you can do?   Live,  because nothing matters.  Sincerely, God
It’s the rare new Vsauce content that keeps me going just when I’ve given up
After clicking in this video my recommendation is "The Real reason why McDonald Ice Cream Machine Are Always Broken",We are really in future.
Doge coin to the moon🌙
One time I met Michael at a Which Wich in Austin. He was SO nice and willing to talk to me, he let the conversation get to point of that awkward silence. When it happened, we both just looked at each other and hugged and he left hehe
Bill Gates is evil. This is a sell out.
Hey vsauce where is the sauce
Damn man I love you but Bill Gates? Come on. Don't sell out!!!
It's in my head
Another blessing from the lord
Climate Change... the end of reason... Bill Gates... <closes video>
Finaly my dose of Brain breaking  Ok Time to eat some cookies, can't get everything without eating, need to think in english not french... Maybe it's a bad Idea to watch it when I just wake up  By the way, people who are not native to a language, how does it work for you ? Do make a traduction ? Or do you think in that language ? Or maybe it depends of the language ?
its "EraTosthenes", not "ERatosthenes"
Looks like all those kurgezeakdkrgsgt videos are paying off to understand this video
DAMMIT I FAILED THE LOGIC PUZZLE SMH I THOUGHT I OUT-SMARTED YOU 😭😭😭
Lottocracy actually sounds like an incredible system. Much harder to corrupt than a few specific people in power like because of the randomness
Vsauce uploaded,  *the community is blessed*
The video: *deep and intellectual* The comments: *Meeeeeeeme*
*Pixies - Where Is My Mind? starts playing*
5:45 brought a massive smile to my face and I didn't realize I was learning until it was too late. brilliant, as always
RETURN OF THE KING
I see vsauce. I click
Thank you for uploading during finals week. I have a reason to be inspired again.
I feel like this is super obvious information yet forbidden at the same time, also food for thought, age restricted knowledge? Like reay restricted knowledge not for exclusivity but for safety like this knowledge is straight up dangerous for your brain?
5:33 stopped watching. Sorry, I'm not interested in collaborations with the man most responsible for preventing covid vaccines from being mass produced.
God I love education
Lool whos back
Petition for michael to become a elephant so he could remain awesome.     Or should He? vsauce theme song intensifies
I think the pentagon sorted out the great filter thing...
ive been subscribed for a very long time to this channel and by far this has to be my favourite one yet.
My favorite vsauce so far
I love this guy. He's a genius!
dude this video is so fucking important i dont know what to say
Nice beat man!
Sounds reasonable
So what you're saying is, the human race is a hive mind.
Return of the Legend.
geez, a new video, and in my birthday, and what a great video
The fresh Vsauce memes are back on the menu, boys.
Our god has returned once again only to disappear once again.
Thank you, a needed video for the times. But not sure if you heard, reasoning is racist. Was right there on the Smithsonian website itself.
First true video in an eternity and it is amazing as it always has been!
Please make a Hindi Vsauce channel!!! Many would love to hear different perspective and evaluate it but language forms a barrier.
we will all someday be teachers ourselves because someday we will all be history
Earth is an ancient biological superomputer built by trans dimensional aliens meant to compute the question corresponding to the answer to life -- 42   - Douglas Adams
wake up babe, god has uploaded
The idea that reason is just to explain our decisions, and not to help us reach conclusions, is brilliant.
whoa he look like michael but with beard
Cant lie i was scared when u said in partner with bill gates but it was amazing front to back
5:45 **happy EVERYONE noises**
You're a good guy. Come to Houston so I can shake your hand
Thank you Michel for the amazing video, it got me re-invested in philosophy and science.always exited for a vsause video
everyone's gangsta... Until a group of tiktokers are randomly selected in a lottocracy system.
Partnered with bill gates? F
Handsome man no gay
Michael for president
Stop being such an elephant
HE IS BACK AGAIN!
Woah this is great
5:48 oh, nostalgia hit hard
AND HE'S BACK!
Freesauce
Vsuace is the goat
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOO
Went from having a bad day to having my mind blown yet again by Vsauce. Never fails.
This guy is good, aye :D
Thank you for this to all of you at Vsauce. Please dont stop ever to make this videos
12
Vsauce finally bends over for the political climate crisis bullshit. Pathetic
Only ten seconds in and I'm already like "Your mind isn't a place, it's a process.  The mind is what the brain does."
I don't intuit that someone is upset, if I think they are upset, I will identify exactly what cues they are giving me. Is that weird?
Great video Michael, except for when you didn’t push Gates on making the vaccine available worldwide for free (which idk why tf he even had a say in that)
If u are before 1m
Sad truth is that it's mostly the Boomer generation destroying the planet. Every major global company is ran by rich men in their 60s or 70s. They don't care about the negative effects they're contributing too, they'll be gone by the time it's a problem. It's "another generations problem" to them. And we can do absolutely nothing to stop them.
This is actually something everyone needs to know about.
Too fucking good.
He is back!
I really like to imagine there's some butterfly effect that this one video was the very last bit needed for us to actually survive and explore all of space
This video feels disingenuous. Michael says he wants people of all different opinions to debate amongst each other, but everyone watching this video knows that he wants everyone else to reach the same outcome. His mind is already made up about climate change despite his claims about valuing objectivity and being open to new ideas
Your the best.
Finally
But how much does reason weigh?
He's gonna get assassinated, talkin like that lol
This is exactly why debate should be widely taught and practiced in all schools.
Too political, unsubsribing
OH BOY!
Michael is definitely right about the loss of logic
Oh how i wish i was that tofu ngl
This started the way I was hoping for.
I love you.
I am not an elephant. Or, am I? *Vsauce music plays in the background*
Hey reason, interference here
Whatever one believes, is, to them, the truest thing that ever was.
Mind...blown!
B O R I N G
thank u
This video was my Social Psychology class wrapped up in under an hour.
What does this even mean
welcome back to your rare and unscheduled dose of Micheal
I missed you 😭
About lottocracy, the accuracy of reasoning increases with the number of people taking part in it (like in the jelly bean example). So we'd want to maximize that number of people. Doing so calls for basically having a referendum on every issue, but then we lose the part where participants are educated by experts and paid for their time. Where to strike the balance?
Has anyone noticed that in the subtitles there are multiple lines that Michael does not speak of? Like easter eggs, a bit of extra explanations every now and then, tricky to catch them all.
*With your feet on the air and your head on the ground* Try this trick and spin it, yeah Your head will collapse But there's nothing in it *And you'll ask yourself*  *Where is my mind?*
1:55 when you're waiting for him to say "Or is it?"
This was one heck of a ride
Fuck bill gates. I'm really disappointed in michael
Things I learnt from this video: 1. Michael is not an elephant
a lottocracy would always favor the odds of cheaters, after all life and death is only the matter of the hands of fate manifested into a simple coin toss, of course the wise player always cheats.
I’m down for a lottacracy
Michael, I've thought about a lot of these subjects before, and discussed them with friends and family. But you've articulated these things so beautifully. I can not thank you enough.  I hope that as a species we can follow your lead.
He described the entire kingdom hearts series in about one minute
I still can't accept that shot-bearded Michael is back
Anarchy is preferable to any form of democracy or oligarchy and would be more likely to allow humans to survive a filter event. Why do we need to elect someone who is prone to over- or underestimate how many beans are in the jar? Why do we even need to reach a consensus on how many there are? If we each go about our own lives behaving as though our individual estimates are correct, we'll average a more correct number than any elected official could. If officials overestimate, they could cause unnecessary hardship. If they underestimate, they could cause disasters.  In addition, governments are the worlds largest polluters, and without them, wars are impossible.
29:20  Something everyone has to understand and adapt to
Yo wuuuuuut?????
5:48 FINALLY
This man gets millions of views and doesn't put a single ad. thank you, Michael, for the very informative information .
Prepare for unforeseen consequences
It’s worth mentioning that, although Aristotle did call lottery democratic and election oligarchic, he also argued that oligarchy is morally superior to democracy as a form of governance. Under an Aristotelian model, democracy is crowdsourced tyranny, or lawlessness
15:37 Bethesda talking about the bugs in their games
brb probably gonna go make some judgements with my calendar
I really like the concept that we will one day be the ancients!
Not seen the comments but I'm guessing the 1.6k dislikes are from the climate change deniers or those that think Bill Gates is a socialist anti-christ.
Im waiting for a day when he's gonna pop up and say- Hey Michael, Vsauce here
l expected more dislikes, because of Bill Gates.
Love the new Home Depot commercial music
Yes, lets have random people decide the fate of the people so they too can get threatened into a choice by violent mobs just like juries.
To the currently 1.3k people who have downvoted this video: What is your reason? How do you explain your compulsion of this action?
and as always... top tier video:D
In before youtube removes this for the naked man at 1:38
Yay! I get to be Vsauce again
Yeees oh boy the King is back !!!
Way out in the water See it swimming
This is the same shirt you wore for the "Michael Says Prime Numbers for 3 Hours" video.
This whole video was just my shower thoughts
I don’t think people understand why this video was made, specially the comments section.
What's this propoganda?
Vsause's videos are the few minutes of my life that i dont think is wasted at all.
We want Mind Field season 4 now
I really liked this one. It had so much depth. A way deeper meaning about how we make history by saving society or destroying it.
Michael:We have now arrived at the problem Me:Wait what im 22mins in and only arrived at the problem
The best YouTuber ever? I used reasoning enough to decide this
no joke I think this might be the best video he has ever made.
Michael is not an Elephant, but he is awesome. A logical reasoning.
I love the just-talking videos
That watch is massive
Vsauce: time for your 12 o'clock mind squash. Me: yes dear 😞
I disagree. If we rely on a FACTS, in a discussion, reasoning is the same to everyone. That of course if both conversers are intelligent enough to reason.
I’m sending this to some of my teachers at school, I know a few that would enjoy it.
Good stuff.
One day after jontron beautiful just beautiful
And he has revealed himself as a typical bugman. Shilling for Gates? Really? Gates wanted to chalk the atmosphere. Gates has killed so many African kids with his vaccine testing. What a clown.
Why was this in my recommended. Ya know what who cares it seems cool
hey michael ask your buddy bill gates why he kept vaccines from being distributed to the entire world and instead in the hands of massive corporations. I wonder how he would feel if people deliberated and came to the conclusion that maybe medicine should belong to everyone instead of him and his billionaire oligarch friends?
This is what happens when we let Michael listen to The Pixies.
Imagine it being some anti vaxxer's turn to make important decisions surrounding public health only for the person right after them to undo them. Sounds like an unstable hell on earth. Bill Gates pushing his bullshit crackpot theories to deflect the blame from the capitalists like him behind climate change.  Council democracy is how you engage most of the population in the democratic process instead of having them vote for the shiniest of two corrupt politician turds
Having just taken logic this is so cool
Holy s**t a Vsauce upload
This explains humanity! It is amazing how we study ourselves going forward. Save this video for the future humans or aliens.
You over think
bill gates is a eugenisist. wouldnt be surprised if michael is being held hostage to make this video. sad times for sure. bill gates is not the way forward. sad day. unsubscribing from vsauce the day he steps away from science.
Wow
As a non english speaker im really amazed how i can understand Vsauce without subtitles, compared to other random channels :)
We missed you
11:40 YOU CANT MEASURE MY AWESOMENESS!! I'M JUST TOO AWESOME
* Vsauce twerking *
"Humans possess not only their individual brains, but also one huge, collective brain. And the moment we act in opposition of that brain, we will lose."  -Tamura Reiko a.k.a. Tamia Ryoko, Parasyte the maxim   I don't remember the actual quote, so I paraphrased.
* Excited twerking "
Vsauce never misses huh. Beautiful video.
The people handling the subtitles really flopped on this one. My non-native speakers understand that sometimes it is hard to follow without them because he uses complicated words.
This man must have read lots of books for a single video.
Here's how you'd do it: Step 1: you release a virus eliminating a part of the unproductive part of the population and facilitates governments to pass draconian laws and lockdowns reducing emissions significantly. Step 2: you offer a cure to the virus that's not fully tested but will protect you from it. A few years later the "side effect" is revealed as infertility is rampant reducing the world population significantly. Years of lockdown measures bankrupt governments all over the planet so its time for Step 3: you introduce a new World crypto currency to bail out all those governments. The digital currency is also conveniently a passport for everything that allows for total control. Step 4: you reward a culture that self censors by virtue signaling and publicly shaming critics trough your social credit system included in the crypto passport wallet.  Now that all the pieces are in place you can slowly do whatever you want.  Idea Credit: World Economic Forum
"...we seem practically built to give reasons for whatever we think we must, and not the reasons we actually used to reach a conclusion."  That pretty much sums up the entire human race.
Hehehehe I binge watched all of vsause instead of sleep in middleschool. Now I repeat this process my senior year of highschool.
shave
"We need to release zero" *stops breathing*
Dislikes are Karens
3:07 *GET STICK BUGGED LOL*
vsause, Michael here,  what if our democracy is wrong?
That's all well and good when you have a group of people who are actually willing to listen to others ideas and agree on the best compromise between all their ideas. However I find that most of the time that isn't the case. A friendly debate can easily and almost always turns into a heated argument where one or both sides are not interested in listening to the other, they're not interested in a compromise, they're just interested in who is right and who is wrong. Even in conversations where there is no right or wrong, it's just one opinion vs. another opinion they will still address these opinions as if they're irrefutable facts. And I've been on multiple different online forums over the course of years and no matter where I go this inevitably always happens.  Now in these instances where people argue with an us vs. them mentality what the consensus says is right isn't always right. I've seen several instances where multiple people will argue the same point even when presented with evidence that their view is wrong. This is how the Flat Earth society is able to exist. Whenever they can turn to the numbers and say X number of people all believe this is true there for they can't all be wrong this is really a poor argument as it is possible for multiple people to be wrong all at the same time. It is possible, while unlikely, for one person with a different idea to actually be right when everyone else thought they were wrong. It can be very difficult to convince people your right no matter how much evidence you can provide when you're in a minority but it's really easy to convince people you're right with zero evidence given if multiple like minded people believe the same wrong ideas.  I've also seen where even when people would agree with you on one particular subject if they disagree with you on other subjects they'll change their stance on that one subject to disagree just because they disagree on everything else. This also works in reverse. While people might not 100% agree with everything a presidential candidate has to say they will still defend everything that candidate says just because they belong to a certain political party. I noticed this a lot while Trump was President where republicans essentially only voted for him and defended him because he was the Republican candidate. If they weren't so blindly loyal to just always vote for the Republican candidate they wouldn't have been so quick to defend his other actions. Hypocrisy and bias actually stems from this very idea. It's the reason why people will defend an action for one group while opposing the exact same action for another.  Basically mob mentality can be just as bad as a single mind. In some cases it can be better to look at a problem from a single perspective as it allows you to more clearly look a problem from multiple angles rather than giving in to the mob mentality. You kind of need BOTH. Listen to other people and ideas but then do your own research. If you don't listen to others you could easily miss something you wouldn't have thought about on your own. If you give into mob mentality you could be giving up something other people might not have considered. Both would be just as bad.  It's really easy to just go with mob mentality and say that must be right because the majority says so. It's hard to actually consider the minority and come up with a compromise that best represents everyone's ideas.
Not to be that guy that throws theories around, but for a while I’ve had the feeling that a wide-spread belief in determinism might play a part in the cosmic silence. What if every human-like species hits a collective point of intelligence where it realizes that reasoning is just a survival mechanism given to us by evolution, that consciousness is just a byproduct of entirely predictable electrical impulses in our brains. Society falls apart under determinism, responsibility and meaning disappears.
please let go of my lump of fat and tissue
This is the guy that can literally talk about anything and make you question your existance and everything
You Surprise me everytime
Ya ever wake up and just find your subscription box filled with gold? Happy days
Feels good to be watching a Vsauce video
0:46 - did he make a special episode about magic mushrooms before?
I love this series 🙇‍♂️
I love that Michael now has a huge library of examples on experiments due to Mindfield
So basically the jubilee middle ground series
No Michael, thanks for creating.
That’s not Vsauce
“The future of reasoning” 5 year olds: oH iTs Ur MoM gAe HaHA
verry good video
me *Still Confused because of the last video on time* Vsauce*Drops another confusing video*
or is it?
I reason with myself whenever i am alone.Pffftt I don't need anyone else. 🥲
Hold on, what do you mean you aren't an elephant
YOOOO
I can't sit straight in online class for 30 mins. But I can do it easily while watching Vsauce videos
o shit, it's vsauce
I got a bit of an idea I wanted to share before it disappears. What if on (some? all?) social media platforms where you're not just interacting with local friends, the platform lumped you up with a bunch of geographically spread out people. This group of people (you included) would then be more likely to see each others content, kind of like building a global community in micro-scale where your interactions with your group would be social over time, you would keep running in to each other. I figure this would go a tiny bit towards global empathy.
Background music made me think of Rimworld
"I am not an Elephant"..... Or am I?
"When someone 'does their research', they often come to conclusions they wanted in the first place." This is such a common bias that I'm amazed it isn't discussed more. Look at flat-earthers, anti-vaxxers and other such lunatics; they all suffer from confirmation bias, forgetting that science is about proving your ideas right by trying to prove them wrong.
Just wow... just, just wow... just wow..........
Thank god for another vsauce video. Amazing job as always Michael. Extremely informative and well put together.
We should not vote for leaders. We should vote for goals. If the result is what we want anyway, who cares who gets us there or how they do it?
Have you read Hegel: A Very Short Introduction?
Don't even need notification bell, YT knows mans need to watch Vsauce.
The problem is, the immense amount of knowledge required to form a properly informed opinion on a subject as wide as climate change is out of reach for the vast majority of individuals. Even in the case of a lottocracy, the individual(s) being tutored by the scientists would inherit those scientists’ conclusions, if they even understood them, and the buying of scientific consensus is hardly an alien phenomenon. We need a way for only those who have put sufficient effort into research, and can be proven to be rational and unbiased and unbribed, to be the ones making these decisions. But that’s impossible, because someone has to fund research, and that someone will always have interests and biases. Stepping back, you need a way of sifting through scientific papers to find valid conclusions and discard what might be biased. Only then can this information be used for the purpose of decision making. I can only hope that GPT-3 or something else in the near future will be able to do that for us, because hell human brains sure aren’t good at it.
Vsauce
5:43 that hit the spot
Anyone notice the missing e in judgment?
When kurzesgats videos lead perfectly into Vsauce 😍😍😍
Return of the King
Michael Stevens, and ALL the creative minds behind this. Kuddos <3
he’s back
Sorry, liberals destroyed reasoning.
The issue with global warming boils down to game theory. It's the tragedy of the commons on a global (pun intended) scale.
Hey Michael
The time has come my fellow people. Its Vsauce time
I love those videos. Michael this is your best show.
Imagine having a 30-minute video and not putting in a SINGLE ad. Some people really need to learn 🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️🤦🏽‍♂️
Lottocracy may genuinely be a great idea.
does your forehead go all the way to the back of ur head?
Minecraft speedrunner RNG skills are gonna have a whole new meaning
holy crap michael has the same chair as me
or we wont get that far cause we go extinct :|
Omg he's back U'RE BACK man u won't believe i hv literally no idols or fav celebs but i adore u only over the whole frikkin world u're my only role model I too work on theories but it's just fascinating how u're able to put all the shit in words so easily
5:30 *I* decided to work with Bill Gates. 💪
30 minutes to explain conspiracy theories, who spread them, and why people believe them. Bravo...
i should study
I've long said, do political office like we do jury duty. You get a postcard, you go to Washington for a year.
It's human nature :/
Obligatory youtube algorithm comment.
Aaaaaah, no.
I have never been let down by a vsauce video, but this may be the best one yet
My opinion: We're already capable of enjoying musicals. I personally didn't get through 10 minutes of Hamilton because I'd rather be watching Vsauce Michael but I respect the level of craft in Hamilton. I think that is a reasonable opinion.
In 30 minutes Vsauce succinctly summarized several college courses ranging from psychology to environmental chemistry what a legend
30 mins of real content
Waiting for some VSAUCE Love your 30 seconds and 30 mins videos...
The people who need to watch this video won't. For reasons
where is my mind...
Rolled up a splif just for this
How long since the last video? To long to count
I knew this book was coming, but the best video out there isn’t it and all educational channels got sponsored
The awesome-meter measurement reading of this video is infinite.. !
Happy to see you again Michael!
26:25 HOOOOOLLYYYYYY SHIT!!! There was a guy in my political movement group who just came up with this very idea, a way to add "noise" into the government system that makes corruption much more difficult if you can't pay for plants within an organization.
Whose Commenting before watching
14:28 this is actually how a neurodivergent person might react to that, because while intuition may or may not be strong the know from experience that it may not align with what is really going on, hence they tend to use infering and reasoning way more often than might seem necessary at first glance.
Vsauce, have you been witness to the events of the past year? Reason is dead my friend.
Yo that governmental idea low key fire
Well its so ironic and stupid that bill gates wants to actively avert climate  change but says that intellectual property is more important that's why the US should not share the formula for covid vaccine. Which will ofc result in more death in poor countries many vaccine producers that could have helped to meet the needs of their country being wasted. 🙄🙄  he flaunts so much in his charity work but when the world really needs his help he shows his true face that he his just another corporate. What a fucking hypocrite
Every vsause video has me questioning my very existence
And as always, thanks for enlightening my day.
I can watch this All Day
"We will all someday be teachers ourselves, because someday we will all be history. We will someday, be the ancients." Thanks for the existential crisis like always, Michael.
Thank you for giving me another reason not to block people on social media...no matter how much I disagree with them.
I think this is a very important topic and i loved the video, Good job Michael :3
The billionaires... come to the rescue? That's such a ridiculous example, that I honestly hadn't expected to hear it on a youtube channel devoted to knowledge, reasoning, science and in general... common sense.
He talks like that friend who gets high and keeps on talking
My Joey Wheeler brain went "Oh, are they moving 'Reasoning' off the limited list?"
I am literally reading _Homo Deus_ in which Harari talks about humans and animals having consciousness, mind etc. And At-Fu*king-Last-An-Upload-From-Vsause
Using his example of the reason why a friend didn't want to go to abc burgers what's the difference between a reason and an excuse? Also why are reasons accepted and why excuses are frowned apon
I literally came up with the idea of a lottocracy as a kid. My dad said it wouldn't work but this video kinda makes me think it might work better than what we have now.
Amazing video V-sawce :)
Bruh why do we listen to this? He just asked where my mind is. If this was any other YouTube channel I would have click away like nope not today
14:14 hi, someone with autism here. I need to do that.
If the world were a logical place, men would ride side saddle. - Rita Mae Brown
Lottocracy for the wiiiiiin
What would the world like for the average joe if whe would want to maximize the amount of people on the planet. What would that mean for our daily food consumption, the space to live, traveling and the like. And how could we automate the production of these goods, giving the knowledge of what we need to live a healthy life? #justasking #vsauceorresearch
This is the cream of Youtube... the meaning of life in exactly half an hour! Outstanding and prescient socio-psychological commentary and perspective which really should be passed along to everyone we know! Amazing work Michael... crack on!
It rarely happens when I don't understand vsauce video fully.
Great, wait a year to upload just to have Vsauce sell out to Bill Gates who apparently is a climate scientist now 🤦‍♂️
Damn, I need to watch this multiple times. So much ideas to build on. Thanks!
Time for another video binge
LADIES AND GENTLEMEN, VSAUCE HAS RETURNED
I'm just gonna say, I'm like 6 minutes in and I'm more excited for this than I've ever been watching his videos before
0:05 https://youtu.be/N3oCS85HvpY
I got smarter and confuseder
Flashing that Bill Gates' book, telling the video is done in collaboration and then not mentioning Bill Gates or the book ever again was epic.
We must support dogehouse
Lottocracy. Can imagine how some Joe Shmoe with 3 classes of degree will be chosen to work with scientists and "experts" (ala Gretta style) on a global warming conclusion. That would be really awesome and so simple! How didn't we think about that before?! Like Vladimir Iliuch Lenin said: "We’ll train every cook so she might manage the country". Good luck with that. Just let me know when your trending socialistic approaches will get to that height, so I have enough time to gtfo from this country.
My brain is overheating
AWESOME! Great to see this channel back with amazing topics
I have a bit more wisdom now.
4:19 and now vsauce is becoming an mc "How do you achieve consensus, when a problem isn't obvious to the senses"  His words are adequately placed!
Has anyone noticed that every time you pause on mikels face it looks funny?
Where is my mind
hes back in 4k 😳😳
Thanks for informing people!
He's wearing the same shirt that he wore when he said prime numbers for 3 hours. I only noticed that because I saw the thumbnail for it in my suggestions while this was playing, and I don't know what to do with this information.
I legit was looking for a verbal quote about the affects of global warming lol thx so much
The depth of love I have for the content you provide is unreasonable
When Michael started arguing for a lottocracy I knew there was serious merit to this video. It’s such a simple yet intuitive way to fix the problem he poses
When the intro sound plays at 5:47, that's when you know the video is serious
really good
"HEY! vsauce! Michael here" M I C H A E L?
beautiful video michael thank you. shouts out to my man bill g8s for helping this video get made. Always love your stuff michael v sauce here
The music sounding like a Terraria soundtrack 😆
Thank you for helping me with my report for today. I study communication and this introduction was exceptional. Just as in every video from this channel, even the joke ones, you always make us learn something, and that is a beautiful thing. One of the best channels one Youtube, one of the best educators on the internet!  Thank you very much, from an true old fan! <3
This episode felt really scatterbrained. I could tell Michael was aiming for a cohesive theme, but it really just felt like he was jumping around from idea to idea too quickly and not explaining things very concisely  Edit: ...in the beginning of the video anyways. It got better later on
Michael posted a video that’ll get millions of views and didn’t put a single ad. What a guy👏🏼
Lottocracy sound like a interesting idea. After all that happened I'd put my hands up for anything but democracy.
babe wake up new vsauce vid
So if reasoning is social thing then lonely people become depressed and nihilistic beacuse they run out of reasons for everything they do, their thoughts are unreasonable beacuse they are simply ideas and ideas are just blueprints that should be filled with reasons which they do not have beacuse they are lonely. Oh no :(
Thy Lord has returned 🙏🙏
7:14
That ending tho. Like ive always wondered how people in the future will look back at this time. What will they think when they dig up my house and all my shit
Who's gonna choose the people at random?
Couldn’t agree more
VSAUCE MUSIC? WHERE IS IT?
shapiro is seething
Oh no Vsause gonna make me have another existential crises
holy god i have waited so long for a video from vsauce about reasoning
Hey vsause whats ur iQ?
"I'm built different"
Bill Gates is hella sus
lol
15:35  todd howard on his new fallout game
I’m so high idk what this shit is but it gas
Everybody for President
Piss on all right wing opinions and you have a solved world. They're the only problem holding humanity back.
I was here
Chair. Brought to you by Ikea
Lots to think about, love the content.. sure do miss the uploads but grateful for every bit you put out. These are all things we discuss but no one truly takes in and applies to one self.
Yahoo let's make a jury for life
Judging by the fact that the most popular arguments with the contradictory opinion on the net are as simple as "Author is stupid and wrong" or even "So?", I somehow don't see great future ahead of a species that put "social" reasoning over the "logical" one.
Damn, I thought it was a Veritasium video lol
why y’all wanna find other life like have you not seen those alien movies
Hi
So weird that all of a sudden, a 7-year-old video is getting a comment every 10 seconds (not even exaggerating)
A surprise to be sure, but a welcome one!
FINALLY! Vsauce got his password at (very!) long last!
the people will never have true power given to them by those who use it to enrich themselves.
So the legend himself shows up again
He is normal now that his beard is thinner
At long last....
The reason-based democracy you described sounds like Reddit.
I've waiting for 5:47 minutes for the VSauce theme to hit, it was glorious!!
Lottocracy sounding kinda nice
With 7 billion people, most of which are uneducated or barely educated (either by choice or by economics), a lottocracy wouldn't work and we'd have the same problems the Greeks predicted a few millennia ago with democracy - that it's really just an oligarchy ...  People should be at least chosen from categories of interest. They shouldn't be forced to learn something they're not interested in, that will not go well. I like the rest of that "lottocracy" idea though :)   I've done the math and there's enough habitable land on this planet that we could live in what I would call "Dunbar communities" of 150 people or so. We could have automated (drones), centralized distribution centers in the major "cities" to serve as hubs for importing/exporting between communities :)
The brain is really just a wet lump of fat and protein no firmer than a blob of tofu. But the mind is...gluttony. devour. grow. spread. consume. assimilate. concept.  Maybe far in the future when our civilization has advanced to the point where, I don't know, people can be quantumly recreated or something, they'll look back at our time and say...hey, let's bring them all back to life. Oh, yeah that's what I've been saying we should aim for. Spoiler alert,    we succeed.
Isn’t it insane that the next generation will be able to look what we watched and listen to in high fidelity audio and 4K 60fps. Our past will be consumed by our successors.
Wake up babe vsauce posted
i literally just got done with crying over bingos and irony i did not need this
100k likes
vsauce, tackling the very most challenging problems of human existance <3  only 2/3 through, and i have to say this video is just another masterpiece :D
This man is explaining the entire premise of attack on titan!
14:13 me, an autistic person - uhh you sure about that?
Hey, VSauce!  I've never commented on your videos before, but I've watched quite a few of them.  I just want to let you know that I thought this video was great.  I really enjoyed it.  If I were looking for "reasoning" to keep watching you, I think I've found it.  So, what do we do about electing people by lottery?  I think I could get down with that.
I love this channel :)
Somehow this Vsauce video served as an anti-existential dread lol. Keep up the great work Michael!
"When you notice someone is upset, you don't consciously think 'ohkay, so their eyebrows are kinda in that position, their speech seems curt, and their posture is..  Oh ! These are all reasons to conclude that they are upset.' "  Michael, you underestimate us people with social anxiety.
Ok, that was cool, but can you take it in english? 😉
I think it would be good for everyone to watch this one
I think it would be better to mention the partnership at the beginning of the video.
Reasoning doesnt not equal reasons
It seems like we are naturally slowly coming to the realization the function and use of cognitive reasoning and phenomena of cognitive dissonance and polarization. Because or intellect is adapted as a social platform for our developing cultures and who we determine are our in and out groups.  If we understand how to alter this part of human nature as we desire we may be one step closer to being free of all common problems of being living organisms
bill gates says he wants to save the world, but literally don't think vaccine formulas should be shared with developing world, so... fuck billionaires
"we will someday be ancients, and we can choose what that will mean"  *Alien 10k yrs later:* Through extensive research, we have come to the conclusion that the hairless monkeys worshipped someone called the 'Spongeebob' and they had a ritual where they did something known as 'twerking'
I adore the concepts you propose.
This has to be my favorite video so far. Great job :)
My teachers always ask where my mind is when I'm not focusing, now I'll answer with this.
After understanding Tenet, I can absolutely understand anything else including this!
Ubisoft be like: 15:36
Michael's still got it :,)
I got covid😭
Starting with "where is your mind" Oh boy here we go again. This will be interesting
500k views in like 2 hours
This one of the best videos Vsauce has uploaded in a year or two. But, I have a question: how come sometimes, a group will make a decision that is dumber than any individual in the group? Seems like a Vsauce question.
This legend didn't put a single ad in a 30 minute video
Each video is relevant even from years ago and touches so many realms of knowledge, one can rewatch every video and still learn, and he’s still uploading!
Why do your fingerprints come back after a wound? Like a burn or a blister or something
There is just awful top comments in here. This was an amazingly powerful and beautiful video. From beginning to end it just all clicked. So impressive.
Randomly saw my curiosity box in my closet today, and sure as shit, new vsauxe video
Blockchain could help us for better gouvernance
Disappointed you sold out to the global reset agenda.
Great video
Wow, such a surprise!!, made my day, now I know I’ll be super productive
When tf this dude become a marxist smh
this year just keeps getting better.
Climate change is bad, but nowhere close to something like a proper solar flare, a gamma ray burst, a super vulcano eruption, a sizeable meteor strike, etc., etc.  Sure do something to fight climate change, stock up on sand bags, fund better fire departments, build more nuclear power plants, etc.  But this idea that we need to change everything to avoid a problem that doesn't even make top 10 of the things most likely to end us is ridiculous.
Lame thoughtless music is defining
Wow it is new video or is it?
This was a video that needed to be made. Thank you, Michael.
Defund the government and F*** facts!!
Hey that’s awesome you remembered your YouTube login!
100k liker😏
I am all for having random people to make decisions but I’m curious on how we would come to a consensus would it be majority Where does everyone have to agree ?
Oh boyyyyy a lottocracy??? That sounds potentially amazing and terrible at the same time.
?
With how infrequent these uploads have become, I just see Vsauce in my sub feed and I'm like, "wait, sh*t, really?"
a blessing from the lord
Hey Michael, vsause here
"we don't have measuring tape tentacles that shoot from our eyes"  *speak for yourself, pall*
Humans lack the capacity to differentiate between objective and subjective truth. Instead we rely on polyvalent social contexts to validate. Which of course is entirely phenomenological true, so also subjective.
15:46 Apple : Am I a joke to you
UwU LIKE THIS OR I TAKE UR COOKIES
I hope there's a lot of really smart people in the world, to counter balance all the stupid ones I encounter daily.
Is there perhaps an issue with the fact that those who are most willing to adapt their perspectives are the same people who won't be able to strongly argue for a particular perspective themselves? So then what type of people do you put in the group of people making decisions? Those that have strong opinions but less of an ability to change them, or those who can't make themselves fully choose a side, but who would be most willing to listen?
Ey VSauce uploaded! I cannot tell you how excited I am!
I think that’s a really good thing to keep in mind. If you strongly hold an opinion, but the thought of defending it in open debate makes you uncomfortable, perhaps rethink that opinion. If our ideas are only best for a small amount of people, that’s not reason, it’s just selfishness.
Many autistic people (like myself) _do,_ in fact, have to assess a person's physical emotional expression, in exactly such a reasoned way. This is how many of us live, interaction to interaction. It's difficult and draining, but ultimately worth it. If I neglected this, I'd lose the friends and family on whom I depend on to pry me away from my shop... and feed me so I don't die!     :P
I guess the person who wrote the subtitles is a lone reasoner.
Michael: **Says fact.** Or do they?  Everyone: Hmmmm... interesting
Really sucks that he collaborated with Gates. This is weird, especially right now. Gates is withholding vaccines from the global south and Micheal joins him. I know this didn't happen until after the video was recorded, but it still feels a little ghoulish.
Like many of your videos, this was fascinating. However, I will say that releasing this video the same day as the presidential address to Congress gives it a special tone. After watching both the address and this video I'm hopeful and terrified at the same time about how our species will determine the future of this century. In the spirit of speaking it into existence, I'll be an environmental conservation policy analyst in 3 years (I finish my freshman year in about 2 weeks), and this video so brilliantly shows how multifaceted politics and society is, so thank you.
Man, ppl not commenting on the video but on the rare vid posts which makes me sad. Let's talk about how people who like to reason like me but still be careful cuz knowing about the biases mentioned in the vid.
Michael: where is ur mind? Me: in my skull? Michael: or is it?
Hi John
The channel is BACK ayee
Like already, no talk when comes your uploads, straight up inspiring 👌👌👌
We so need an awesome-ometer
Taking fat dabs while I watch this
The thumbnail remind me to tell u that a ho Tel is being made in space
Ooooh vsauce and kurzgesagt post a new video, what a great day
Thank *YOU*, Michael, for producing this absolute gem of a video.  Also, I'm not sure if you completely missed the amazing opportunity to name this video "The Reason We Reason", or it was an intentional decision to NOT make it just about / focus on that, but to also emphasize on what we SHOULD do about it.  Either way, thank YOU very much again. Thank you. I really can't thank you enough for this gift you've given us, and all the rest you've gifted us, the world and humanity, over the years. Thank you.
5:22 Michael casually using magic
"You can prove anything you want by cold, logical reason—if you pick the proper postulates."                                                                                                                                               -Isaac Asimov
WOOHOO VSAUCE FUCK YEA
Demn this was some good video. Thanx.
Hey vsauce
15:50 that's true, my classmates always buy the biggest book to study, even if it has little useful information and more junk
5:48 I LOVE IT
Fantastic video
Big brain time
Sorry Michael, I love you but I won't watch a video with Bill Gates, the man singlehandedly responsible for turning the Oxford vaccine into a for-profit product
i like how motivating this video is
okay but why did youtube change the font. Like come on we want old youtube back, not getting notified for every recommended video, making like buttons black or changing the font. YOUTUBE STOP IT
Hmm... I'm intrigued by the lottocracy idea, but since it's random, couldn't that potentially make it to where a bunch of criminals are randomly chosen to make an important decision for all of us? I also wonder about how easy it would be to game the system, after all, who controls the selection of this so-called random group of people? Perhaps what works for jellybean jars doesn't work well for society as a whole...
Oh... My... God... Michael has done it again, he has broken my mind...
Oh look, I have more brain cells now!!  Thanks!
Hey vsause Michael  here is here
Hey its me vsause
"the organ we use to reason..." hand goes to crotch
I seem to have woken up in 2010
*happiness noises*
Wow this really helped me to understand why we’re facing so many strange, seemingly unsolvable issues. Because reason was meant to be used socially.
Oh... My... God... Michael has done it again, he has broken my mind...
Everyone gangsta until Michael says "or is it"
Notification: New Vsauce video. Me: Is this a error or something?
Join the hivemind people! i love it
I’ve been saying for a few years now, you can find reasons for whatever you want. Might as well find reasons to be kind, caring, and disciplined.  If anyone can find reasons for anything, then the reasons you look for say a lot about you. Why are you looking for reasons to put others down? Why are you looking for reasons to feel bad? Why are you looking for reasons to hurt yourself or others? Because those are the things you’ve already decided you want to do, you’re just trying to avoid taking any social responsibility for it by looking for reasons to tell the people who question you or call you out. Like Michael said, the conclusion comes first, we look for reasons after.  If you have an excuse as to why you can’t be at peace, it’s because you don’t want to be.
Hey! Vsauce, Michael Here. What if I - sowed the seeds of political revolution? *bing bong music plays*
I would recommend that anyone interested in the idea of deliberation look up Stanford professor James Fishkin. Long story short, he managed to add a rule to the Mongolian constitution that requires a nationally representative deliberative body be summoned whenever the constitution is amended.
imposter
Spoiler alert, the future of reasoning is there is no reasoning.  Our inherent primative brain is king.
Highly recommend watching Vsause while high
Why does it seem that this video feels like im watching Vsauce but hearing another person(s)' words.
I'm gonna use this video to prove how my specific political belief is the only correct one
as a dude that ends up getting in pointless internet arguments in a love/hate sort of way this video was exceptionally interesting
ARE U FUCKING KIDING THAT IS A PROMO FOR BILL GATES OMFG. fuck billionares, we could change this. we all know how, organize and eat the rich.
1:06 By simply asking  duuuh 😂
My mind is in my head.
4:55 "The fact that we still havent found intelligent life beyond earth...."    Meanwhile im just sittin here reading this pentagon report and looking at a very clear photograph of a UFO that happened just a few weeks ago
A video was uploaded from vsauce 7years ago. This one as I watch it has been uploaded for 7hours
Oh hi! Feels like a long wait from each of your vids, but it's worth it.
24:34 wait a minute  *this is the main message of persona 5*
I have no clue what this man is saying but I'm interested
I'm gonna send this to my friend to convince them I'm right
YES VSAUCE VIDOE IM SO HAPPY
you're the goat
hell yea michael changing my philosophical views while also giving me an existential crisis !!!!!
Ah, thanks for the Soft & Wet: Go Beyond explanation!
U comin back bro
interesting...
See you guys in 9 years.
7 hours 600k views.
Our god has finally returned!
What dose the v in vsauce stand for? Is it Vaush? What a whoke stroke!
It's a great idea to have councils of randomly selected people to at least recommend important decisions. If people anticipate being selected for such council, they might act differently in their daily lives. It would be similar to compulsary military training but focused in social and political aspects of society.
pin this maybe
Demand ranked choice voting in your state!
Epic
This is my favourite Vsauce video and that's saying a lot since I've watched all of them
A 30 minute long video explaining why we should mentally return to monke
Sorry man... Wrong time for this video... If Bill Gates speaks to you directly, can you please remind him of the absolute devastation Covid is causing in my country India and further exacerbated by him being an asshole, not sharing IP of vaccines with us. He needs us alive if he has to continue making massive profits off us in the name of charity. We all begged, lobbied and requested him.. He might hear it this time if a white guy tells him..
Holy shit your back?
Vsauce: it's time for the brain fuckery Me: yes honey
Welcome to another episode of "Existential crisis"
Actually Mary was the name of Paul and Peter's pet macaw, so the answer is really No.
''This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster.”""   lol so a "Great Mind" once again leading society's ways of thinking and changing?  Doesn't this just refute what this whole video says?
Is it just me or I don't understand single word?
I don’t need a reason to watch a Vsauce episode ‼️
Me when the video be made in partnership with Bill Gates: ヽ(°〇°)ﾉ
On a meta level we could say Michael used reason to reason about reason
2:58 molecular twerking
Easily the best YouTube video I’ve ever seen.
Great video, had these thoughts many times, I think people don't really make their own choices since everyone seems to want to follow social standards.
damn man i turned on the subtitles, it was like a beautifully written essay i ZONED OUT STARTED READING THEM MORE CLOSLY.
I wish Vsauce would post more
The return of the king
Well, time to have existential crisis again.
Every time I watch a vsauce video I become smarter
wow I see a vsauce vid that isn't years old that's a first for me
Michael, you should take a look at the anime "Dr. Stone" Humanity has been turned into stone. 3700 years later, a scientist wakes up from this petrification and used science to first undo the petrification and later built amazing scientific tools using his friends, manpower and science
Vsus
We've been blessed by a full Vsauce video
*So is not wrong to hate muslim and oppress the blacks! These are all reasoning with a purpose! Majority always win!* thats a fact!
This is a great topic for my research project! I’m for sure getting a 💯👀
Haha, I was just thinking that cars and tech were a new meta-species that has already overtaken humanity and will be the death of us. Like we are the cancerous cells of the earth, tech (in all areas of industry) is our super tumor, (in a nutshell is my source) living off us until we die out or evolve.
5:47 Oh yeah, that's the stuff.
Can we help find a reason for this guy to upload more
He's back!!!
Somewhat off topic but it'll be interesting to think about the probability of evolution of intelligence in alien life if reason first and foremost facilitated social cooperation in a being that first needs to also possess consciousness and have already developed communication
I like how he asks questions out loud. Like yes
Probably the earliest I’ve been to a Vsauce video 😂
Michael’s kid is gonna be insane
Great conclusion to this video. I think a hybrid model of elected officials and random individuals should be used for governance.  P.S. America is not a democracy, it's straight up oligarchy.
What's the reason we are all here? >:}
A government should be as representative as possible. A lottocracy would help this. It would be nice to have politicians who aren't just lawyers who decided they need an even bigger ego boost.  What I think is even more important though is the number of representatives. In 1790 Americans had one representative for every 35,000 people. That's a lot of people to try to accurately represent, but now it's much worse. Now representatives have 770,000 people to represent. You should be able to easily talk to your elected officials.  What's even more unhealthy accepting that every 4 years you have a 50/50 shot the president is someone you don't like and didn't vote for but still has the power to go around congress and write executive orders that could dramatically effect your life.  A lottocracy, ranked choice voting, and more representatives are all big changes that would be heavily resisted by our two party system because it would help destroy the two party system.  Right now the people in power can happily pretend to fight about social issues like gay marriage or abortion, when in reality they don't do much to actually help people. When it's time to pass a bill democrats call it the "Protect Farm Workers Act" and the republicans call it the "Farm Freedom Act". It's the same bill either way. It's a wish list from corporations, it's full of things that have nothing to do with farming, and it has some things in it that might help someone get re-elected, but isn't necessarily a smart long term plan.
That's a hard one... <3
NICE VID
No d¡ng?
It’s been to long Michael.
Les goooo
Hey vsauce, Ploob here Thank you for uploading :)
All those “intellectual” political-religious-moral YouTube debaters should watch this
Rational irrationality be like
Ever get the feeling like you've done this all before. And so many times that it all blends together
ah finally. I've been waiting for a long time, i visit this channel everyday
It’s honestly amazing how the human mind tends to do this on its own. As I grow as a person I find that most of the time if I try to better understand where another individual is coming from, it inspires them to also do the same. Might just be a byproduct of our times, but nonetheless seems like the logical direction. Great video.
What year is this?
Omg
How does he think of these videos like whaat
I'm too high for this
I thought he was going to say "where are your fingers" at the beginning... Lol
This is great, but it presumes amenability to reason.  Seems like a looming, troubling, dynamic is an aversion to or at least impatience with reasoning.  So many times I try to approach issues Socratically, and implicit [sometimes even explicit] in that is a genuine interest in the reasoning of people I disagree with.  But more and more often, you are rebutted with 'it's my truth' or 'I'm not here to educate you on reality' or 'you just can't comprehend the reality of x, y, z, demographic.' People have gotten wise to the reality that defending their positions in the market doesn't always result in their optimum result, so they avoid it and rely on parol methodologies of tribalism and emotional sway.
Did 1.4k people really just dislike? Did their brains just not work or something?
Thank-you so much for poking your head back into the Tube and for bringing up one of my favorite quasi-theoretical forms of government (Lottocracy).
That was excellent
This video starts: Where is your mind? End of the video: We will all become history!
Flat earthers stuggle with this condition known as confirmation bias. Lol
Max Stirner once cleverly pointed out that the difference between the "Ancients" and the "Moderns" was not so much a difference of expertise or authority, but a question of perspective. When viewed forward from the perspective of history,  the "Ancients" are really more like the "Youngs" and the "Moderns" are the real "Ancients". A bit of a pedantic point, maybe, but it's still important to be aware of that bias.
Upload schedule is an exception for vsauce
Well, Michael. This video brilliantly explains the existential crisis that I had over the lock downs!
My heart broke when Michael finally revealed he isn't an elephant
I recently listened to a podcast with a particular Bjorn Lomborg, and it delved into a similar topic about the world, consequences, immediate necessity to action, how to get people on board with it, where its done well, where its done poorly, etcetera etcetera. This and that both putting curious thoughts in my head.  And as always, thanks for uploading, Michael.
No disrespect, but this video was pretty boring. I switched over to watching you  say prime numbers for 3 hours... again.
Yay! Vsauce! Missed ya bud  Edited from the Midwest
Vsawce: releases a half hour new video, in partnership with Bill Gates, on a Hump Day  Every one of us, in dire need of a new existential crisis: “𝓰𝓸𝓸𝓭 𝓮𝓿𝓮𝓷𝓲𝓷𝓰”
Climate change? No don’t go there! Vsause please stay away from politics. Your so innocent and pure to me.
I missed these video essays. Thanks
Holy shit man, you just made an intro video to the next few decades. Absolutely give a bonus (and a high-five) to whoever did the music changes. Yeah, I enjoy your ideas of selecting random people, especially for the purpose of making sure that everyone gets a say. But- We need to make sure that when a groups' numbers recede that they still have some level of representation. What if groups that had less numbers were selected at a higher propensity?   I'm always hesitant to create boundaries because of the negative effect they have on social animals' inter-group relationships; like when you put a fence between two dogs, each from a separate milieu, and they begin barking at each other- so maybe this isn't the best approach. I propose the goal be that we have an AI run algorithm that chooses the best mathematical approach for all individuals, including other species... think of the precious octopi, dolphins, and birds- With a long-term goal of creating entirely wild habitats, "sanctuaries" throughout the universe,  through terraforming planets. This also requires making damn well sure that we don't accidentally upset something that we don't understand. We are not having a situation like how stars turned out to be alive in (EDIT: 1937) Olaf Stapledon's book Star Maker, where humans begin to harness stars... but it turns out that they are beings of energy, we have upset their way of life (some kind of dance), and begin blowing themselves up. I won't spoil the book, but you get the point.   Dear future people, do your damn research.
14:17 I have autism and this is actually how I was taught to identify emotions in others because I don't have that ability inherently. To this day, that is actually what I do.
God, Vsauce dropping a new video is really a youtube holiday.
I miss the "old" Vsauce, not the first Vsauce videos I mean, im talking about the 2011-2020 Vsauce. Not to say I don't enjoy Vsauce now, but idk. Who's with me?
Micheal, what a gift
.
Ooooo here we go
This guy DMTs.
Holy shit. Can you imagine. Like...a government that works. Jesus christ I'll sign up to be in the Lottocractic Party.
the subtitles are kinda drunk arent they?
15:37 God while making humans: It’s not a bug it’s a feature
10/10 Yet another fantastic dive.
Jaaa
No way. I miss you
hello
New vsauce video nice
michael you've outdone yourself mate
NEW SAUCE OF V VIDEO
I love his voice it's so good
Why does brains have to be so squishy? Makes me feel too fragile
very good and very heavy for some reason 😉
Your videos are so clear, concise, and thought provoking that they actually start to make me feel anxious of the world around me which leads to feelings of existential dread
Boo. 👎👎👎
Michael always has a way of making me really step back and think. Truly appreciate what you're doing, loved the video.
Thanks for the upload, Simon Whistler.
i like how his new videos have the same vibe as his old ones
Dis da new communist manifesto!
All of this was once the future. And it's happenimg now
He shaves his chest
The sentence "All elephants are awesome..." is an inspiration from 'Erasmus Montanus' by Ludwig Holberg. A great Play, highly recommended.
The whole idea of a lottocracy to me seems more efficient than anything else. Because the people are chosen at random, the law of large numbers begins to apply for any group larger than 3-4. Because of how each person is able to communicate with the others, it reminds me of a computer, but with decades of background knowledge per person.
A lottocracy is a terrible idea imo. There's a ton of problems with our current pseudo-democracies, oligarchies, and corporatocracies, but there's no reason to believe randomly chosen individuals would make wiser judgments. Some variation of an epistocracy might be a more sensible alternative for the future.
Vsauce DESTROYS facts and logic with cold hard REASONING
Finally he’s back
Vsause: We Live In a Society
Lottocracy is a good idea. Why hasn't it been implemented? I'm gonna make it my life's goal to get as close to a lottocracy as possible
Thats why Doctor Who became the leader of Time Lords
Did anyone else get chills when he said: "Maybe we could bring them back to life. "
Videos like these make me afraid of death
I need a reason to put up with Holden's escapades.
Michael, please run for president and make this come true. It is one thing to propose a solution... a mastermind would need to lead the people through the transition. You... are ...the mastermind.
I'm at 22 minutes and I'm going to be seriously disappointed if he doesn't make mention of sortition.
at least I pondered about the insights being forwarded here and be sobered from them
This is why libertarianism is the way. We need less government. Less authority.
You say more death yet the statistics show a decrease in weather related death and injury compared to previous years. This is even with more extreme weather events per year than previous years.
Guys he recalled his yt password again!!...
Already a classic
This was so well done. I love it! I am in the process of writing a paper about how rapidization of technology is leading to poorer policy decisions concerning the environment and I may cite some of this video!!
Holy fuck. Call me a Lottocrat.
,,I am not an elephant''  -Micheal 2021
Came for v-sauce left with depression about the climate...
Michael is the best philosopher of our era, change my mind
I look up to this man
It was very confusing when realising that Americans pronounced Mary and Marry exactly the same
The legend is back👌
I don't know how tik tok does it, but that edit trick you tried at just after 16 min with the book looks like it was a pain in the ass to create. Good on you Michael. It's the details
I like the concept of a lottocracy, but have you met people? I wouldn't trust a random number of people to pick out my clothes, let alone make long lasting policy.
Asimov had a short story kind of like a lottocracy, in that the presidential elections as decided by a single voter chosen by ai. Though it actually represents a different view, in this it is assumed this person would statistically represent enough of the population to swing a vote. The story is called “franchise”.
Where is Athens now?
I summon Earth Bound immortal Cca pacapu
V-sus
babes wake up new vsauce
Nice!
“Looking for consciousness in the brain is like looking inside a radio for the announcer..”  Reason isn’t enough Michael.  Spirit is.
"The crowd is the answer!!" Yeah, lets just casually toss aside mob rule and the dangers that come with it. Lets also toss out the requirements of "crowd" judgement which is the assumption they all have the same information. Salem Witch Trials???? Socrates and Aristotle already talked about the failures of democracy because of the requirement all those participating are SANE and are ARGUING IN GOOD FAITH. YIKES son YIKES.
21:50  When you ask a group of people to guess the number of jelly beans in a jar, they will answer "69".  Don't @ me
I vote for Michael! 😁👍
a very important video! great job
That was great man...
I love your videos. Always thought provoking and engaging. Keep up the good work
First Jon Tron and now VSauce?! LETS GOOOO
Mind Blown
The king has returned
This is one hell of a video!
You hurt my brain all the time but i love it
if the crowd is going to be the best judge why do social media companies censor so many "wrong thinkers" ?
Michael is here!
It's so educational, but also feels like an epic pep-talk✨✨Awesome video, thank you!!!  (the smooth cuts freak me out)
aaaaay sauce uploaded-!!!
No matter what you think He actually spittin straight fax
The richest people on the planet are paying youtubers to tell US to do something about the climate disaster. Where the hell are we? Are we in hell?
Just a 30 minute way of saying flat earthers have poor social skills
Will see y’all next year
What about the recent ufo videos the government says is confirmed? Isn't that evidence of extraterrestrial life?
TLDR: We are the descendants of posturing liars and optimal government is organic bitcoin.
Imagine disliking free education. Ugh what's wrong with people?
Man u look old
Interesting thought experiment on guided human evolution, until you realize it is sponsored by Bill Gates....then it becomes terrifying
michael: we need to rethink everything. our distribution of resources, our systems of governance, everything. me: oh cool so like communism, right? it's about time michael: this video is made in partnership w bill gates  oh so u ain't rethinking shit then 🤦
Thank you I will remember
the bill gates collab is bold considering he doesnt want to give poor countries vaccines. doesnt seem empathetic to me or within the best reason.   also why the fuck ddoes a retired tech CEO have any clout to give the go ahead on vaccine distribution
I find It sad that we think human growth is in buildings, technology or industry. I think we can grow more in humanity, acceptance, spiritually our feelings and connections with others.
he is back
who needs Reason and Logic when you have FL studio
Yeyyyyyeeeeeeee,  Vsauce
"Where is your mind"                                       - By Vsauce
I think I’m dreaming I don’t have to watch an old vsauce video
This guy really just  made a whole ass video to tell us to think about both sides of an argument and used that to make a one-sided argument in which he made little to no concessions regarding its flaws
The system of government that is advocated for at the end resembles the ancient Greek concept of isonomia, which had fallen out of use by the time of Aristotle, but appears to be a predecessor Aristotle's "polity" as the uncorrupted form of democracy.  "But the rule of the multitude has in the first place the loveliest name of all, equality [isonomia], and does in the second place none of the things that a monarch does. It determines offices by lot, and holds power accountable, and conducts all deliberating publicly. Therefore I give my opinion that we make an end of monarchy and exalt the multitude, for all things are possible for the majority.”  (Herodotus 3.80) If the social mode of organization were transformed for the purpose of a deliberative government which utilizes public reason, we would carry over pieces of our current context in a historical process. In that sense, we can't really go back to isonomia, but we can use it as a point of reference.  In the spirit of returning "back" to the original purpose of reason, I highly recommend you read the book "Isonomia and the Origins of Philosophy" for understanding the environment in which social and deliberative reason developed.
Oh fuck yes baby inject it straight into my brain stem
"Awesome-omiter" That was a missed opportunity there Michael.
Hey. Vsauce, content here
Real intelectuals, let us unite again.
Plot twist: This was an ad for ABC Burgers.
VSAUCE!!!
thank you
I don't get how people walk away from videos like this with existential dread and not some extra insight that gives a teensy bit more hope than previously had
You're saving the world Michael. I can't tell you how much you've impacted my life and this video can do so much good if people just watch it.
well...Among Us has shown that trial by jury is a horrible system, so....
Thanks for the upload Michael, appreciate what you do :)
STOP IM SO PROUD OF YALL FOR PAIRING UP WITH BILL GATESSSS
When the music kicks in near the end...soooo good
Ginnungagap, Nilfheim, Muspelheim. Ild is draber falder, ymir jotunn, skaber aser.
@11:33 Press X to doubt
This is an important video.
hey michael vsause here
Consistently the best half hour on the internet... Quality content, Michael.
if the mind is so great, why does mine turn to yogurt every time I try to comprehend a Vsauce video
I started watching this video while high and it sobered me up.
"In partnership with Bill Gates" last time I watch globalist sauce
"We will someday be history, we will someday be the ancients, and we can decide what that means". - Michael Stevens 2021
10/10 🔥🔥🔥
"LOTTOCRACY, brought to you by DRAFT KINGS"
I will never understand this man but understand him completely
I feel like the video was tone deaf with the Bill gates collaboration. I don’t have a high opinion on Bill gates based off the history he has with the education system and not wanting one of the Covid vaccines going open source for developing countries to have. But a great video with lots of thoughts.
once again vsauce comes out with one of the smartest videos i've ever seen.
Learned more from him than school,  just saying
14:23. “You don’t consciously think...” If you are an Asperger that is exactly what you do. Why do you think we screw it up all the time🙄
I don't need an awesome-o-meter to tell that Michael is awesome
FYI, the  >>techno-salvation<<  that's on the horizon is called "The AI STEM Drive" and the "STEM Epiconomy". At least, that's the plan.
Wake up babe, Vsauce posted another video
Long have I waited
Ahhhhh shhhiiittt, he’s back
half a million views in 7 hours.. yeah, we've been expecting you!
Incredible video. It feels very exhilarating to know that we have intellectuals such as yourself that tread the strings that work humanity at the core of our existence, purpose, thought process, ideology, and functionality. It makes me wonder how it is you have achieved a level of understanding so abstract yet... logically within reasoning of being factually or intuitively correct... you are very inspiring and I aspire to become aware through time and make an impact that can help our current/ future generations. Incredible work
wheres the classic vesause music???
How wonderful would it be if we had someone who actually knows in depth how we function, has programmed us to make mistakes, gave us goals and means of achieving them, has already informed us that our senses will delude us if we only base ourselves on them, has informed us there is other beings in the universe but that we are unlikely to meet them, has made us inherently curious and has spread out answers for all those that seek them, and how awesome would it be if that certain someone was above space and time parameters so that none of the things we are confined by, actually apply to that certain someone. And how awesome would it be if that certain someone already informed us that no society will be changed until an individual has changed that which is in themself. But over the top type of awesome would be, if that certain someone is also The One, The Only, a true Individual if you want. Stay curious, find out who is the only certain someone that has all aforementioned qualities, and who is it that has those names, while none others do.
The future of reasoning is trying things we think have not been tried before in history. Eventually...
1.4 thousand people prove this video right by not even watching it. What a feature
13:25 this is not a good argument bcs it does not correspond to reality.  political parties dont randomly reverse their goals.
With every video, I grow more powerful.
YESSS
Amazing video to say the very least. Funny how he explains the idea that people will love you for justifying their reasoning/beliefs and here I am at the same time joyous over him justifying my own intuitions/thoughts/theories. The world will lose a lot when Vsauce moves on.
2000 years from now the people of the future will study Michael Stevens like we study the Ancient Greek philosophers.
Don't want to be snooty, but: the video was interesting but coming from 'continental philosophy' a critique of reason is nothing new and this one here is quite shallow compared to continental ones. I think about f.e. 'dialectic of enlightment' where Horkheimer and Adorno argue how reason in a modern society turns against men. Or about writings of Michel Foucault who carves out history of madness and how it has been seperated from so called reason. And so on. I really recommend to take a look in this direction.
Not surprisingly, Michael did a phenomenal job discussing hot-button topics in a truly illuminating and thought-provoking way. Absolutely excellent. I suspect he and I disagree on climate change, but I’d bet we could have an exhilarating deep dive on it.
"In partnership with Bill Gates and his new Climate Disaster book!" Yikes, really? Even after seeing its a manufactured narrative (particularly after that CNN editor was talking about pushing it as propaganda) ? We barely know the actual effects nor whether its actually "Globally Warming" which is why everyone now says "Climate Change" because they can't decide if its going to get hotter or colder. If anything we were due for an Ice Age and Our Carbon is keeping the Earth Habitable in the extreme north and southern hemispheres. And those locations that were supposed to be underwater? Selling for record prices. Incredible in a video about reason.
Great montage and vidéo :D
Twitter
fucking love this guy
This is my new favorite video on the internet; something which this channel often reclaims from itself.
🗿
Individual Freedoms, guaranteed by our Constitution
You’re baaaaaaaack! Yeaaaah
he gave reasons to conclude that ''we don't use reasons to conclude, but we use conclusions to come to reasons''
Do you miss the egg days?
HOLY SHIT.
Now apply your new knowledge of human reasoning to anthropogenic climate change as he suggests.  It's ironic he ends with this.  Do you believe it because its what you've been told, or have you looked at the best of both sides of the argument and tried to honestly disprove your beliefs? (as is the scientific method, when practiced honestly)
What were the organisms on screen when he said “rock the boat too much”?
THIS WAS ABSOLUTELY MINDBLOWING
OHHHH, So that's why far left people don't seem to be able to explain ANYTHING they are saying when their woke mob/priest is not around.
Reasoning the reasoning.
He didn’t switch sets once in this video.
That was absolutely incredible. Wow. I will have to listen to this video essay several times. Wow.
You make very interesting videos to the point that now I wait for the next upload.
yo wtf
Shi
Hey Vsauce I want to say thank you for the great videos. I also want to say fuck you for abandoning making good content to sell garbage mystery boxbullshit and go on tour.
Reminds me of some of your earlier videos. I've watched it twice.
uses reasoning to destroy reasoning
Humans are bad at reasoning, therefore it stands to reason that we should invent a system more capable of making reasonable decisions. Skynet here we come
damn a real upload
Please don't make this channel political. I don't think anyone would benefit from that.
The main questions I have about a lottocracy is although a representative sample can be formed, will the commonalities between people (such as common cultural influences, common human vices, etc.) skew the consensus made from the people? Furthermore, how can truly random samples that contain a massive skew (which may be mitigated with a large enough sample size to optimize the likelihood of a normally distributed sample but may have other logistical, financial, or other constraints) effect the legislation of the future? To my understanding, you would also need to consider the underlying social factors, influenced by the virtual propensity of the culture. I agree that the collective mind plays an important role in our lens of reason but it may also play a role in the parts the comprise the whole inversely.
Amazing video! But watching this brought up the question of how a reasoned debate, where parties give reasons for their conclusions to come to a consensus, differs from an argument. Particularly relevant to this video would be the debate between parties who believe climate change is real and poses a threat to our species, and parties who do not believe that climate change is occurring (or it is occurring but it isn't an issue). In my experience this is a very polarizing debate, and neither side is willing to concede to the other's conclusions and dismisses their reasoning as being misguided. How can a debate be had on this topic without it becoming an argument where neither party changes their mind? What is particularly challenging is that this seems like a topic where it is essential that a consensus is met, considering what may be at stake.
1:58  Feels really weird without the soundtrack
I had the urge to watch you again and there's a new upload. This is a great day.  Oh man, its nice to see some old ones still around.
Three minutes in. Please tell me that this man that I have followed for nearly ten years now despite his near-abandonment of the channel is not about to tell me that carbon dioxide (tree food) is going to set the planet ablaze. Sure we may get a couple degrees warmer. What isn't clear is that will cause disaster. In fact it may just lead to longer growing seasons and thus more food.
A good argument for Linux and other open-source software in this video. Reasoning is a social activity, so an OS designed and updated by developers around the globe is better than sealed-off, proprietary software designed by a few and updated by a few.
I have missed you VSAUSE
Cool video.  Shame about the cooperation with the original silicon robber baron of the last generation.  Fuck Bill Gates and his grotesque wealth that he does fuck all with.
Shocking...an actual video...
Normal YouTubers upload twice a week but its the real chads that upload twice a year
Fantastic video on you and your teams part, thank you, it was lovely to see how you broke down this problem to its fundamentals and then built it back up from its parts. Definitely going to look more into the idea of "deliberation days" and a lottocracy. It may not be a pleasant idea to those heavily invested in the institutions already in place, but I would love to find out a way to make it one, for all.
"I don't care about the truth, I want to feel good"
For the first time Vsause kept non-weird thumbnail... 😅
pog
I feel like my main problem with a lottocracy would be the ability for people or private organizations to rig them in a way to only allow people of a specific mindset, instead of the varied mindsets proposed by this idea. With Census’ and technological grasps on habits and preferences, I feel the lottery of minds could be fixed to benefit those with the power to alter it to suit their needs.
its time, or is it?
So it looks like P =/= NP, since evolution's been working on the problem for millions of years and our reasons are still simple to form if we know the conclusion but difficult to form if we don't. Turns out the fact that we even saw this as a problem in the first place might have been a form of evidence itself.
Michael saying “Is it ?” makes my day.
LESSS GOOO HE UPLOADED
I'm sincerely concerned about the idea that Michael doesn't understand how many people loves the now-on-going-style of "VSauce" videos, and I'm even more concerned about the worst idea of the fact that he's probably unaware of the number of people who really feel the needing of his videos.  ... *OR IS HE???*
Thanks man, but I'm Super Straight. See ya! Have fun in Idiocracy though.
Been a long time since a long video, thank you Michael
"We need to re-think everything" - we need the power to change everything.
That Vsauce music i was waiting for 5:50 wooosh dopamine!
Welcome back to Vsauce, the channel which makes you question reality and your own existence by giving you an existential crisis.
REVOLUTION
This is probably the most complicated episode of all on this channel. Am I stupid?
Lost me at bill gates
comment quality has declined tremendously in the past two years.
Michael and Bill Gates, I love it. I would love to see Michael collaborate with Steven Pinker in the future.
Vote for or in opposition to this statement, Citizen kane is worthy of it's high praise -  *It is Good* [🌟]  or,  *GTFO*        [💩]       Complimentary massage from the future : regardless of what the answers gonna be, just want say *_I love democracy_*
ah so what youre telling me is that humans have already peaked
Vsauce going  Philosophy
I can't think of anything that gets the gears in my head turning like your videos can and I appreciate it so much.
Ive missed seeing vsauce in my subs box
28:00 Aristotle later explains that the distinction between a democratic and non-democratic election is whether every citizen has the opportunity to participate. Towards the end of Book IV he gives twelve modes for selecting government officials, which are the various combinations of the processes of election and lottery, and participants, whether everyone or only a section were in the selection pool.  Aristotle uses the generic term "polity", sometimes translated as "constitutional government", as what an ideal form of governance, deliberative, fair, and with public participation.  "Of these systems of selection two are popular: for all to select from all by election or by lot66 (or by both, some of the offices being selected by lot, others by election). When all select but not at the same time, and select either from all or from some, either by lot or by election or both, or select from all and some from some [either by lot or by election or]67 by both (by “both” I mean some offices by lot and others by election), it is characteristic of polity." [1300b]
Oh wow look! It's literally anything! I've been waiting for this!
I thought he was going to talk about God, got climate change instead. Lame...
yeah, whatever he said
My vote for how many times he spoke the word reason(s) is 156 times. Let's average our guesses out and Michael tell us the correct number, or somebody transcript/analyse CCs.
Hey Michael a question What if we develop an age of Ultron kind meteor and make all the people stand on it and lift it up for 3minutes ? Will the earth move away when it falls back on earth
@8:36 I've never heard someone pronounce Eratosthenes that way!
This convinced my argument as to why we should become a hivemind.
I believe vsauce to be one of the top philosophers of this century, perhaps even decade..
I love the ending/culmination of this video and I hope I can convince everyone I know to watch it and understand what a great idea a lottocracy can be
He's been uploading a lot now
We are Social Tailoring Monkeys
Vsauce videos are everything man. They give me chills, and Michaels way of explaining things, and including your thoughts into the video, make it great to learn things. Thank you Michael
Ahhh yessss
For anyone interested in the abandonment of reason I would point you in the direction of Benjamin Fondane's book Existential Monday.
thank you for continuing to upload, i will ALWAYS watch your content
Take a shot everytime he says something u don't know or a word you've not heard of...
Our current system is extremely flawed and lacking empathy. What better way to implement empathy than to literally have as many peoples opinions as possible
hi michael from v sauce
Nice wristwatch, did you get it with reasoning or intuition? 🤔
06:52 - I'm disappointed you used the word "emissions" and not "pollution" here. Not all emissions are bad, and generalized use of emissions as a pejorative ironically may cause some of what this particular segment apparently aimed to deter: the impact of detrimental activity by one generation on the lives of future generations throughout the world. Pollution is a very serious problem. Some forms of emissions may contribute to pollution to some extent, but some emissions - like from volcanoes - are out of our control and are incredibly detrimental even in comparison to what we all do collectively (some countries far more than others).
I learn more from this than I do from school
Yep, this ones going in the no context compilations.
This episode of vsauce, Micheal advocates for the Hive Mind
I'm sure no one will care about this observation but I think the time-lapse at 1:33 is Fort MacKay in Northern Alberta
BASEDSAUCE
He has returned
Did he just say we haven’t found evidence of life outside earth?… has he not heard about the pentagon releasing info on ufo’s?..
Interesting discussions Michael, thank you for doing this type of stuff.
The mind is a terrible thing.
Anybody reminded of the Amity faction discussion-government thingie in Divergent? THAT was social reasoning.
I think a truck was backing up around 11:50
Yeah!!!
He hasn't aged at all...
All Vsauce videos are great, but this has to be one of the best. As always, thanks for teaching.
Billionaires are part of the problem, they’re not coming to our rescue
Thank you so much Michael
Oh Boy
People who don’t eat there own farts🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡🤡
As much as I wish he would upload more I'm just glad that we get our 2 videos a year
My mind is in my toe.
Vsauce be uploading????
@Vsause I can't recommend Henri Bergson enough - read Matter and Memory (1897?).  So far ahead of its time that I dare to say if the human race actually survives another two thousand years our footnotes will not refer to Plato, but Bergson. Put aside your entire reading list and start on MM.
This is awesome
Ben Shapiro when a leftist breathes 9:55
Michael is a   GENIUS
Man I miss this channel, I always think about the half brain, who’s the real you, thought experiment. I showed it to a girl and she kept saying “it’s not possible it’s not possible” that’s how I knew she wasn’t the one 😂
Hi Michael - See ya in 20🅱️2
It's all fun and games and a great new VS content until you realise it's connected to Bill Gates, a XXI century John d Rockefeller lol
Ahh yes, my yearly existential crisis seminar
10 Minute Video for online classes: NOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 30 Minute VSauce Video: HELL YEAHHHHHHHHHH
I hope the 1.4k people that disliked this video are the 1.4k top professors on the world and think he's wrong
Moral of to the story - be social
What if mary was a schrodinger
Fake reasons
Thank you for the insight
I just gained 100 IQ by watching this.
It's like I am reading a book on philosophy
Youtube comments section is among the best reasoning groups😂
I liked it back when videos were shorter and uploads were more frequent. 😔
One of the most interesting and relevant topics on this channel. I agree that if we all deliberated on issues, we may come to a conclusion. The problem this faces though would be influence and agenda-pushing from other entities such as mainstream media or large corporations. Already, people are becoming brainwashed to some degree by these outside sources where deliberations will be hard and may not come to an agreed upon conclusion.
I heard “Bill Gates” and I changed my like to dislike and left this comment.
I almost cried when he said those magical words... "Hey V-sauce, Micheal here" genuinely i did
The sheer excitement generated in me after seeing a Vsauce Upload, can light up a whole city
ooh nice move on selling out to that billy boy , that for sure didn't at all contribute to the worldwide panic over some new flu, the guy that doesn't at all sponsor WHO and doesn't have a say in it ... way to go Mike ...
"our brains have evolved over millions of years...."  i heard 80% of all scientific findings were eventually were proven false.  when are you going to put evolution to bed?
Thank god for vsauce,my mind was rusting in the attic till now
I've always had the intuition that a lottocracy was the best course of action so I'm glad Michael could come up with reasons to valid my inuitions.
"this video was done in partner with Bill Gates' climate propaganda book" Me: yeah, imma head out.
Россия = Russia
0:07 In my foot duh. Bad question Vsauce
Hello person a 100 years into the future hope your day has went well.
This is a topic I have given much thought to;  all the history of the world, and nothing has been as powerful and insane as ‘us’.
Every Vsauce video is like: "Every 60 seconds in Africa minute passed...or is it? *que theme music"
Empathy and competition don’t mix well, I can’t think of any acceptable solutions to this problem, I think that’s just how it is.
Glorious.
video seems a bit like a globalist sellout tbh
I'm all for it. It would dissolve parties and put the focus on real issues, which honestly needs to happen.
The great mind is the Stillwell brain on a scale of many many more
thank you so much for this video
YESYESYESYESYESYES I WAS WAITING SO LONG FOR ANOTHER VSAUCE VIDEO
I have a saying I came up with many years ago..."I prefer to be wrong in an argument"...I take my errors as a learning experience, others take their errors as a failure, and I'd rather not have others feel that way...so I prefer to prove myself wrong when possible...that is my reasoning process.
We just have too much stuff that we don't need. I remember a quote from Fight Club: "The things you own end up owning you." Also I have a question: If we reach a certain high temperature when our brains cannot radiate heat anymore into the atmosphere, would that be the end of thought?
Oh snap, if it's gonna be this long... I'm going to bed, that's just enough to get me to sleep
Uh... I posted a rather lengthy, on-topic and completely inoffensive comment suggesting an alternative to sortition (the technical name for "lottocracy"), and it seems to have been deleted entirely? WTF Vsauce? I can't even get my own words back from my comment history.
"..and people"
I think this is for sure Michael's best video.
That made me think a lot
Where is my mind ? -the pixies
tengo que hacerlo durar al menos 8 meses XD
19:37 22:28
he uploads
Ah yeahhhhhhh
POST HUMANIST MICHEAL
I'm a simple being, I see a Vsauce upload, I like the video, watch it, then again wait for next 6 months for him to upload...
I'm being serious...who disliked?
And as always, thanks for uploading
3:00 twerking molecules
I don't think future people would bring us back for our cooperative ability if they can reverse entropy to assemble long dead people from an atomic scale, they would just make people have more cooperative tendencies.
Vsauce is the greatest youtuber of all time
So I will be saving this video to re-watch all over again and think through all that you've said. Micheal, you have a great intellect. How did you reach this level of knowledge? What are you reading?
Michael Talking about reasoning while giving reasons ,😅 wow
Dude you're awesome
I wish he posts more, I understand these videos are hard to make. I love to think and his videos make me think.
Please make product endorsement clear before people click on the video. It's the right thing to do.
Kinda lost me at Bill Gates
The notion that criminal cases are settled in some sense by lottery hit me like a truck, not gonna lie
Isnt that similar to internet in terms of having power without the responsibility, the lottocracy ? when the few have the power and motive to sway the decisions, like it so happens with climate change issues,  it doesnt matter who takes the decisions the outcome will be the same as the influencers are the same ... right? or am i missing something?
This vsauce video hit me harder than most, and I've seen Michael explain the workings of time, space and the universe, discuss the philosophy of psichology and eat a donut out of a toilet
That is a really good point... why DON'T we have a jury in higher levels of government? Is there a reason we couldn't pick a group of twelve random citizens and fly them to Washington D.C. for a couple weeks or a month? And their combined opinion would count as a vote or a few in whatever matter is being discussed.
Thank you! Дякую! Спасибо! ありがとう！
I think our next evolutionary leap will be technological. People are afraid that we'll fight machines, whereas I'm certain that we'll become machines. I have ideas for growing a crystal power supply (think super efficient solar cell) using CRISPR, a specific species of fungus and glass sea sponge DNA. I think we could use the same technology to make ourselves a more efficient brain >_>
All pop-tarts are delicious.   Vsauce is delicious. Therefore, Michael is a pop-tart.  ... did I do it right?
Hell of an idea about random people instead of elected officials! Too bad they wouldn't let that happen. We serve them now.
14:13 autistic people: are you sure about that?
How do we do it? How do we initiate the change that needs to be made? How can each of us as the individual kickstart the monumental grassroots operation that will indubitably be necessary. I hear this, have deliberated with this reasoning, and now have adopted it into my own. I’m sure most of the people watching this have too. But yet I feel, powerless? Do you have any guidance? A crowd with no avenue is just a meaningless internet horde that will disappear into the archive.
28:27 arenas? well that is happening for a long time consider communities, groups, clubs, forums, channels.  our small minds can't handle much of the existing interest out there and most people would want decisions be made by an expert/experienced in a particular field.   for example, I cant be made to decide what is an appealing outfit to wear for an event but someone could decide it for me.  I for one can help decide for another person when it comes to buying technology related products.  i guess the future of reasoning will be assisted by computers/AI and data, and most people will depend on them for decisions to be made.
My thought is humans don't have empathy because our ancestors were likely greedy since those who were greedy were probably more likely to reproduce than someone who cares for others
THE KING IS BACK
YESSSSS FINALLY A LONG V SAUCE VIDEO🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥🔥 I missed it so much
I highly disagree with the concept of a modern lottocracy because it will most likely result in the further control of popular media in shaping government actions. The lobbiests in that form of government are media company executives who control the most power over what ideas may be spread through a society.
not just partnered with raid shadow legends, but even the big man bill gates himself
Ever since Vsauce started taking 6 to 9 months to produce a video and he's been getting bigger and bigger with his youtube channel mind field he really has upped his game. a fucking 30 minute video bro? this isn't a fucking youtube video anymore. it's a goddamn short documentary.
love watching a vsauce video just to forgot what he said in the next week
The king returns
You know what has less and less reason the more it is pressed ....................flat earth theory
Sir this is a Wendy's
Incredible
Wow, this is precisely what I've been thinking about over the past few months when I'm in deep thought. I'm so glad someone made a video directly addresing it. Humanity has made so much progress in the past few hundred years, I feel like we are almost ahead of ourselves.
Where is my mind? Way out in the water. See it swimmin?
I have sooo many questions 😂
hey Michael thanks for the upload we really love your content
So if the universe is expanding what is it expanding into?
I understand this but I don't know how I understand it
I've already discovered how to draw a picture of the mind and am developing the method.
How does the mind remember about forgetting?
ayo consistent upload schedule? thank god
He asks where are my fingers  But... He now asks where is my mind?  Idk man, where is your password?
This man legit makes a 30 min video where he just looks at the camera and talks, and yet everyone is mesmerized. Vsauce truly is the epitome of content creating!
Humanity and life in general is an expression of the earth and our universe. If we die out I can assure you we will be back somewhere else in space and time to continue our suffering.
You've come a long way from the Boarded Nun. Proud of you.
It took 5:50 minutesfor the Vsauce theme; we got teased to much...
Vsauce would be considered as great philosophers in history
I love it how everything Vsauce says worms into your brain and solidifies itself as fact. It feels nice and I learned a lot about how the world works today.
You might not be an elephant, Michael.. But my awesome-ometer is going off the charts when I measure it on you
Why don't we ask Cities to build open coliseums like Athens were people get together and talk about ideas and such?  The internet
OH OH  OH MY GOD THE GOD IS BACK
He finally uploaded...
i thought i was gonna be able to finish one vsauce video without crying but damn he really got me in these last few seconds
Great work Michael!
Only come here for the or is it...     Or am I?
This video is so fucking important
I am looking for someone. someone who understands me when is say, I feel alone. I feel alone because I can't talk about how I think. When I try, none of my friends understand me. I am a perfectionist. My life is kind of perfect, but my head says otherwise. My head says I don't deserve to be perfect but I have to be. it's confusing and nobody I know has this.
VSAUCE FOR PRESID... wait.
I love this channel, it’s been such a profound part of my childhood!
Hey Vsauce ! Michael here
Oh look. Propaganda.
I've been waiting so long for Michael to bring up the great filter I just wish he went more into it
this video makes me want to live in a commune
Go vegan 🌱💕
Hey Michael, Vsauce Here...
All hail the return of our lord and savior,  Saint Michael.
@2:50 did I just hear a Ted Kaczynski quote
Vsauce then: where are your fingers? Vsauce now: where is your *M I N D ?* Vsauce in the future: *W h e r e .*
👍🏻
well vsause idk wtf is anything
15:35 It's not a glitch, its a feature!
I've found a reason for me To change who I used to be A reason to start over new And the reason is you   ~'Hoobastank'
From " where are your fingers"  to    where is your mind " we all grew up .
Hey Michael  We are here🖐
i was looking forward for him to say where are your fingers at the intro
If you want more of this try the book The Righteous Mind. That author uses the elephant and rider metaphor.  Less music would be nice. I did last 27 minutes..
I LOVE VSAUCE
Michael addresses the race and hate problem without mentioning race or hate.
5:48 god I missed that ding.
Oh no, Michael! Did you just mention Bill Gates in your video? Don't you know that every YouTuber's career starts rolling downhill as soon as they even mention Bill Gates in their videos, no matter how solid their arguments are? So sad to see we are past the time when you sat down with Obama and no one was angry. RIP Michael Stevens 1986-2021
I might need to rewatch this to fully grasp all of the concepts... Later though. my brain feels like soup.
If this type of videos are made, I can wait for atleast a year. Hats off to Vsauce, what a topic to make a video on !!!❤️
this is so political.. i love it
Its 2021 and im still watching him
Some of those words were biblical.
Vsauce is serving up a lot of raisins, hearing reason so often turns into raisins lol
Finally!!!!
👍
please keep making Vsauce videos thank you
I like how by the end of the video, michael becomes much more casual sounding, with “eh”s and “idk”s
Here in 6 hours ez pz
Me:  Corona Virus: Spreads  Bill Gates: Time to install your new update 💉
Michael can you be the replacement for Alex trebek on jeopardy please
YES! A VSAUCE VIDEO!
Michael where's your son wifies
The ultimate plot twist *or is it?*
Here Michael vsauce hey
Seeing the "Uploaded on" date as I rewatch Vsauce videos reminds me of how old I'm getting 🌝
I like how he's videos are as good as 7-8 years ago
I have a question..why is the whole world the way it is?
we live in a society
In 2022  The future of pooping
I love Michael's magic watch.
Jordan Peterson should  react to Vsauce videos
Where is my mind?
"But what if reasoning wasn't built for what we've become?" is like that heavy line you hear from a villain that's morally understandable but ethically wrong.
Why do you make so long videos?🙂
OH MY GODDD FINALLY OUR DECADE LONG WAIT FOR A VSAUCE VIDEO IS OVER!!! hey Michael you sold out dude
master of knowledge
It really sucks to see so many people completely missing the point of this video. Go discuss with other people who have seen it and figure out what it's all about.
I absolutely love the idea of lottocracy. Since we learned about it in highschool, it got pinned to the board in my mind as a very interesting and fare system. But yeah, changing things is not only hard, we're made to procrastinate about it a lot. To hope for a hero to follow, maybe talk about changing things, but not much more. There, my grain of sand into the conversation, not the act of change. Now the topic will sit in my mind to be slowly buried again, until the next time I have to pull it out and talk a bit more
Favorite video so far!
@Vsauce One question regarding the Logic Puzzle. Isn't there a possibility that all the subjects proposed in the Puzzle (Paul, Mary, and Peter) are either all married or unmarried and not one married and one unmarried? If this was the case, wouldn't option c be the answer?   I ask because there wasn't a specification pointing out the possibilities?  Somebody, please answer if possible. I just want to make sure I understand.
partnered with Microsoft huh...
Michael: We will all be ancient  Climate change: No, I dont think you will
Michael venturing in doing some side-quests for us too enjoy. Wonderful.
Hi michael!
I need a future reason to buy Skyrim again
Finally he uploads when the world needed him the most
VSAUCE PLUGGING BIILL GATES WHATTTT
clicked this so quick
Tfw your friend doesn't like ABC burgers 😔
I have toes there for I Am rock.
All of humanity feels called out by this video
this is the video of truth
27:00 well that is ideal but no. some people are just born to dominate, lead, or mislead other people thus slavery and existence of most policies/laws around the world. it is improving though as communication/knowledge is a lot free to flow, through the internet, compared in the past.
Spectacular as always
Theory of Knowledge much?
And just like that, Michael has changed my reasoning again! Great video!
Yes finally!!!!
Never will be a better reasoning than this video %100 amazing and as always thank you Vsauce 😉
A vsauce video. VERY NICE!
AAaaaaahaAaaAAAAAAA
I genuinely hope humanity is able to get past our differences. Videos like these rekindle my hope for humanity's future.
This is @ Ben Shabibo
so like a supreme court for the position of president? I'm down
That's some deep content that made me cry, thinking about lottocracy, someday I think humanity will achieve something like it or at least learn from our ancients and build large stadiums to citizens attend debates about our problems and hyperobjects
why dont u post often
This is dangerous.
Thanks for the Info Michael. Welp... Thats enough Internet for a month!!
I love how Michael can talk about a concept that every knows but not many people truly understand the depth of. He then takes you there in ten minutes, makes you question everything you know and then in another ten he talks about why eggplants are called eggplants it’s our yearly free acid trip.
Life has meaning again
How can I know you didn't play with our confirmation bias right now?
i would call this a great birthday. new vsauce video, what more could i ask
I’m typing this before watching. I cannot express how excited I get when I see a 30 minute Vsauce video. The quality has improved so much in the last 3-4 years. Ever since he came out with Mind-field, every video has been more and more impressive. Thank you for existing Vsauce, and as always, thanks for reading.
Was anybody else bothered by him having none of the buttons on his shirt buttoned? Just me?
Micheal, my mind is in the gutter
Literally the most mind-blowing vsauce of my life
I want us to have a Lottocracy now
27:00 really sparked something in me
The great filter or other such suppositions bother me, because when you look at the numbers, our oldest broadcasts have gone out to like 10% of the milky way at best, the same could be said of any hypothetical civilization that has had broadcasting technology for a similar period of time, the point is, people need to stop being so impatient and small-minded. The universe is big.
Michael: "Or is it?" *Iconic Vsauce music doesn't kick in* Me: ):
This video was way ahead of its time
I like quality well written existential crisis early in the morning during breakfast, thank you so much, mooore!
How stupid and simultaneously smart people are can be shown by these: 1) Germany was one of the most educated countries in the world around the time Hitler was elected 2) The same guy that built massive railway networks with complicated structures was also the guy who designed gas chambers with their purpose in mind 3) If logic was the mother of all reasoning, then perfectly safe s*x with perfect contraception (or abortion) with a family member would be legal.  These ideas I borrowed from a guy that I dislike who imho has really bad political views, which shows how complicated and gray humans are.
Apes together strong
google, or any corporate platform must not be the tool we use to achieve this. But yes I agree
He will fix everything
5:48 that sound/music will never get old
You sayin we gotta go full greek? I'm down.
Watching a new Vsauce video in 2021 is an amazing experience. 10/10 would recommend
if vsauce was my teacher, i’d actually enjoy school
THIS IS THE VIDEO THAT I HAVE NEEDED. Yes, Michael, everyone who made this, thank you!!
cool
Why is this not trending. Come on, it's a Vsauce video 😤
Wake up babe, new vsauce video just dropped
This one was inspiring and also a little bit scary
when’s michael gonna drop the onlyfans?
Vsauce bro I have question if reasoning is account of possible and logical predictions which requires to be in a PRESENT state or as we say REAL or EXISTING then tell me what defines CONSCIOUSNESS what is PRESENT or what defines NOW very moment of measuring
I love the idea of lottocracy. How many people do you think would be chosen at random? Do you think the US and other nations could actually adopt this? Thanks for making me think again Michael.
Just Unfollowed you. Via con dios.
Now we have to use reasoning to figure out how to explain the reasoning behind Michael's reasoning solution to other people and hope that they use reasoning to accept that reasoning as reasoning that they agree with.
Too preachy, rife of confirmation bias, good attempt at not being political, but it always rears its ugly head at the "more empathetic than thou so I can't be questioned" stage.
I want to live in a world where even the average 5 year old can get that Mary, Peter, Paul question almost instantly (or more to the point, the logic of it), as long as I'm also one of those people.
Catch up to me, Vsauce. I've been predicting hivemind for years.
He's gone off the deep end.
Beautifully said in every way, I wonder who would disagree with such deliberations? Maybe it is those that want the same ol' status-quo kept. The same corrupt powers that obtained such levels through no means less. Be wary of those that shut down such deliberations, for they are the ones trying to prevent any form of change in the first place. A pool of ideas that anyone and everyone can contribute to is the only path to utopia, for as ideas merge a grand truth shall be revealed. And in that truth, a better future for us all. Don't let anyone take that future away from us. Rather, let us create a future together, as one humanity. United we stand, divided we fall. It is those that seek pleasure in humanities division, that seek to control it for their own selfish gain.
🧠
How to solve climate change in 2 simple steps: 1. industrial carbon capture plants 2. Thorium reactors (or other similar modern reactors designs). We really haven’t invested a lot of resources into these things but it really could solve everything with minimal consequences.
When Vsauce hits it’s like a holiday. This guy is pure brain food.
For the Betterment of our Lives and those around us, We come together... Hearts & Minds Global Perspective!
It takes you soo long to make one video like this, that when you do post it, it take 3-4 re-watches to understand it
Cheers to the editor, made a lot of cuts
*HUMAN COMPUTER 1000*
Never disappoint. I enjoyed this, very fascinating.
God, this video was especially hard-hitting. Amazing!
The people who disliked the video are professional Twitter users
Although I have subscribed Vsauce, I visit this channel everyday to see whether Michael has uploaded a new video. Your content is so unique to found anywhere on the Internet  !
not a fan of Bill Gates, but I enjoyed the video anyway. Nice to see you in my feed again
Isn't Michael just finding reasons to why selecting random people to make our decisions, thus engaging in confirmation bias?
Finally, I've waited so long
Hey.... Vsauce, Micheal here
Wow, the answer to end divorces! If only 😏
Yea this seems pretty based
See you in a few months, Michael
I forgot about vsauce I saw this on my rec
Because Vsauce look the same after 8 years, I have theory that he prerecorded thousands of  videos because he was on his death bed and wanted to leave a piece of him to humanity to remember him
Soo good that felt like watching "Tenet" again.
Man, this channel is unreal This is said jokingly around the internet but honestly, I'd be happy if this channel is the only proof left of our existence
The title and thumbnail made me think this was an aperture video.
Epic
Finally another vid im happy now
The USA is the most representative microcosm of the world that the world has to offer. And in the USA, the most reliable tell for government policy preference, is higher education. If you're educated, in any field, you're way more likely to lean... and I'm just going to say it... left/blue. It's education, which grows social awareness and informed, tempered compassion. It's also education which sustainably grows bank accounts, which in turn grows charitable activity. The way to solve this problem is really not so complicated: *_You make higher education more comprehensive and accessible in every way you can._*
A real upload o.o
Its what a jury does. It's why the jury system works about as well as it has for so long.
I think we all needed this rn
Michael must know that 16.8 million people are living their lives from vsauce video to vsauce video
This really feels like the best/most important video on youtube... too bad 1: our leaders would never willingly give up their power like this and 2: too many idiots out there and we could just get fucked by bad rng and getting a group of all idiots to deliberate on important society defining issues, altho that could be solved by having big enough group size in the deliberations; with the internet the only real limiting factor is peoples time and their ability to learn.
I agree with decentralization of power, and open debates where people argue against each other.
For vsauce standards 3 months for a new vid is pretty fast
Background music at the beginning gives off hard Animal Crossing vibes
Buck Fill Gates! All day, every day.
How does the “reasoning by the masses” work successfully when so many people today have been overcome and blinded by the “cult of woke”.  This line of thinking is taking us backwards towards mistakes of the past.
Confirmation bias is why you shouldn't watch the news
bootlicker.
Welcome to Anarquism  101 by Michael Vsauce
#PrayForAmerica
Hm. Interesting.
ayo another video, better grab my koolaid
A shame you are supportive of Gates
While the world asks Bill Gates to release the COVID vaccine patent so all countries can protect their people, he is paying Vsauce to make this propaganda.
Get the drinks and popcorn guys, its vsauce time :)
YES FINALLY IVE BEEN WAITING FOR THIS ONE TURN IT UP
So... when antichrist coming?
Ahahahhaha a new vsauce video is like coffee injected straight into my brain
The cool thing is I did the whole "delibrate to find a common conclusion" Just recently with the ending of Attack on Titan and it feels really good to do
Vsauce always just drops knowledge and then hits you an existential crisis at the end
So the issue is capitalism, but not everyone understands that, and there's a lot of important things that are causing that lack of understanding.
The message underlying this video is actually very important
"its not a bug its a feature"  -Micheal and a certian bug filled game
How did I know. 5:20
i hope the people who are saying "hehe vsauce upload less gooo" are also listening to the actual meaning of the video
"I'm not an elephant" Are you sure big brain man?
Thank you, Michael!
This video is the Reason I love Vsause
Excellent as always
Hes back poguu!
Michael go on Joe Rogan!!!
Good video see you in 6 months
Let's replace the senate and the house with a lottocracy. I don't care who your neighbor is, there's no way he or she will do a worse job than most of the people already there.
Where is my mind!?
The average YouTube creator gets about a 4% view to like ratio. As of 6 hours after uploading, this video has 87k likes out of 455k views. That's 19.1 percent. This goes to show just how great this content is.
You misspelled hyperobject in the description
thank you vsauce for making youtube very interesting
:0
Hey michal, vsause here... have u considered a vid about humor and why things r funny
Propaganda, paid for by the enemy of the people.
The king is back
Nuclear power is the cure but people will never allow it. Their fear will be our down fall.
What a delightful and timely lesson. Thank you, Michael.
You know the king is back, OR IS HE :o .....
"where is your mind"  me: I don't know where is it
🥺soo long ive waitedd🥺
So basically: WE ARE FUCKED
My biggest question is .... What flavor is vsauce?
Ever since his first video, he always says: Hey, Vsauce, Micheal here.
8:00 the coming into being of the self is a prerequisite for mental self-activity and reason. This, and the other conditions for the existence of reason, should have been mentioned.
Return of the King
You know, thinking about it more, this video is so important for anybody who has a strong opinion about anything, especially politics  and correctness
Partnership with bill gates..... no thanks
this video is filled with non stop banger quotes, i love it
No I use memories in my old flip phone with my high IQ
This is the most important video you've made.
Being wrong is fun.  Being wrong is the right way to be right. But since wrong is, well, wrong, we avoid it at all costs.  Try being wrong for once, reader, maybe you'll learn something new.
This video doesn’t present nuanced scientific arguments, though it serves as an interesting introduction to particular ideas
appreciating the longer video, thought it was about to be over and I was like oh there's still like 27 minutes left
Thanks! I have
Significant video for today's biggest irony..." We are in the golden age of (mis)information". lmao!
Let’s go
17:40 29:00
About damn time new video came...i was just thinking how I'll survive the coming days... thanks vsauce
*I think like this when I smoke weed*
That synchronisation between 'The organ we use', his arm movement and his face expression at 1:58 can not be a casual thing. It just can't.🤣
I just got 51 billion tons of existential dread.
LOSTED IN HIS THOUGHTS BELIEFS AND MY OWN BELIEF HOW I PERCIEVE WORLD
If Bill Gates is such a fucking hero why did he visit Epstein's island more than a dozen times?
that "or is it" will never get old
So the guy who has worked to inspire people to think for themselves and challenge their biases is now saying individual thought and reasoning is less valuable/less correct than collective thought. Hard pass on that one.
No ads is so refreshing
"How do you rethink everything?" Let Bill Gates have full control of your life its that simple.
c o u p o n
Dangg broo Lemme roll a blunt
The future of reasoning is looking pretty bleak, thanks to these woke morons who prioritize how they *feel* over using their brains.
13:30 most people would but the few people who runs and control the world are less likely to make that mistake.
i really liked this video good job vsauce!
Look at what people believe, and generate reason to why they are right and they will love it. Presidential debate in a nutshell.
Time to learn more information than my whole middle school education
Disappointed that he referenced It's Always Sunny but never said "reason will prevail".
"Our reason has this peculiar fate that, with reference to one class of each knowledge, it is always troubled with questions which cannot be ignored because they spring from the very nature of reason, and which cannot be answered because it transcends the powers of human reason." Immanuel Kant
Did he wait for his beard to grow again? Haha
waiting for ur video from loooong time. finally it happend🔥
Gets high and watches Vsauce
VSauce just letting you know you misspelled ‘hyperobjects’ in the description
My mind is in Patrick's rock thank you very much
this video has expressed something that I've been frustrated about in politics and social media for along time, national deliberation days and using groups of people to solve decisions instead of money driven politicians are ideas that I truly think are things that will solve a lot of problems, thank you so much for what you do and i hope that we can change the way we reason for the better.
I've been a fan for a long time, watching this about 10 years after I found this channel is amazing. Now I actually am becoming involved in politics and have a potential career in this field. Thank you Michael. I don't think I'd get to where I am and be as wise as I am without content like yours to feed the curiosity I have now that I hope can lead me down the path of reason toward new solutions.
Come a long way from farting Mario
VSauce really knows how to pick a good book eh?
Song at 21:20?
The jar has 42 googolplex candies in it. Take that, wisdom of the crowd!
Michael, you explained split brain cases where participants make a decision with one side and justify it with the other (chicken shed, split brain case) This is amazing! When you're asked why you did something, your brain tries to re-figure it out even if you didn't do it
I'm really way too high for this shit rn
Why do you cooperate with a guy who advocates for the withholding of the recipe (or rather, production allowance) for life-saving vaccines for the countries the pandemic is ravaging in the most? Not a good look - neither ethically, nor scientifically.
10:49 who is to say Mary is a person?
Probably the best video he's ever made
Less goo
The way the beat came in got me doin the shmoney dance 5:45
Talking about reason. A reasonable person would believe the Bible. There’s enough reason to believe. It takes more faith to believe we came from nothing, which is impossible, than to believe we came from a creator. It takes so much faith to believe we came from a rock. So if you’re honest with yourself you’d see that there’s way more probability in a god than for no god. Now the question is which god? Easy looking at what book has the most proof. The Bible has over 400 completed prophecies 48 of which are of a man: how he is born, where he is born, how he lives, and how he dies. The chances of that happening are (1/10)^114. That’s like being blindfolded and choosing a specific electron out of the entire universe. Be reasonable, believe in Jesus before you end up in hell. Life is short. Death is sure. Sin the cause. Christ the cure.
Best explanation of post truth without saying the words.
oh good vsause has sold out
Probably your best video to date my friend.
Wow
Ugh... Bill Gates... don't ever let him know that you know more than he does coz he WILL lash out at your intelligence - insecure narcissistic little boy in big trousers...
1:55 Where's the music man...
This is more of a podcast than a video.
But look, we have Twitter! We all can be self-entitled bitches in just a few characters!
Micheal literally took the exact same argument scientists have been using for 30+ years and spoke it out of context and convinced me that climate change is actually real and not something made up by scientists to trick the public into giving them more funding
Wow Michael. Amazing presentation and food for thought.  Thank you
just in time for my ap lang exam
Man I always want to watch Vsauce videos as soon as they come out but I'm saving this one to watch together with my husband when he gets home from work 😊 we'll watch it on the big screen and then chat about it afterwards. I'm looking forward to it 😊
Hearing the "or is it?..." without the usual vsauce tune threw me off
Outstanding video and a great topic!!
There is no future, noticed the politics? 😆
Thank you for this video Vsauce. Your reason has made me learn something new.
michel dissing humans while being a human be like
When I saw you uploaded I had a seizure
This is the most BASED shit I`ve ever heard from V-Sauce
Glad too see you again....... my brain was finally starting to grasp this world
Michael, the Bill Gates partnership is very disappointing. I know you know what he did. I don't know how to watch your videos in good conscious anymore.
Plot twist Michael is part of the elite world order 1% and is trying to use the conformation bias against us to believe he’s actually a good  guy and not evil...
Really need a Vsauce and JRE podcast
This is the most in-depth takedown of Ben Shapiro I've ever seen
Fantastic as always!  Bring back governance by Lottery!
I don’t think people understand the impact Michael has had on my life
One of the best come backs
First Jontron now Vsauce? Yayyy what a dayyy
Worth the wait. We are all teachers of our future.
Knocked it out of the park like usual. Super fascinating stuff that really improves at least my thinking.
Oh , I missed you Michael !
WOOOHOOO, mincheal yes yes yes yes
here we go again
Oh ok, Vsauce turned into climate change nonsense propaganda.  Haha Bill Gates. They guy who told us to eat soy burgers while he enjoyed a real burger.
This video is my new favorite confirmation of my biases.
15:37 Nintendo when someone complains about the joy con drift
Incredible
*THAT IS WHY WE HAVE THE WORLD ECONOMIC FORUM BECAUSE THEY MAKE THE DECISIONS FOR YOU BUT MAKE IT SEEM LIKE ITS YOUR IDEA*
Bill Gates and other Billionaires are part of the problem
HI Vsause!
Looking for a comment that's actually about the topic
I only understand half of this but I'm so glad it's here.
Finally video is out🤪 after 3 month
See you in 3 months.
OK... I have to go put my head back together again.
Bruh I love this shit
Technosapein lol
"in partnership with bill gates" oh no ._.
Is this video treason?
The Future of Reasoning is here👍
Vsauce FOR PRESIDENT 2024!
vee saows
Alright everyone. Time to tear my brain apart in confusion.
Load of tosh man
I was and am here
wait, can we actually get a national deliberation day?
This. Is. Perfect.
Vsauce at his funeral: An audio plays: I am dead... or am I Michale in the back of the funeral home: "Hey Vsauce Michale here."
⛅SPOILERS!♥️
imagine you're in the woods at night and you hear *"Hey Vsauce Michael here, How fast can you run?"*                               *Vsauce Music gets closer*
I’m glad to see you post Michael keep up the good work
مية مية اخوي
I can learn more from a 30 minute Vsauce video than I can learn from 12 years of school
Both JonTron and Vsauce uploaded today. We were blessed by the youtube gods.
Having difficulty finding "I'll Send You A Post Card" by Jake Chudnow, anyone know where I can find it.
The ability to reason must be exercised regularly or else it's usefulness will cease to exist
This was such an amazing video, and now I love the idea of a lottocracy!
In conclusion, we’re fucked
Absolutely great video. Loved this lecture.
Ayeee he uploaded
Love you Vsauce!
i think is worth it to wait for the videos because,he takes time to make them with a higher quality
Oh god, Gill Bates
He has returned!
I was waiting for the "or is it?"
Imagine China showing empathy to their citizens
Unfortunately, the establishment of an oligarchy likely means that disestablishment of an oligarchy is nigh impossible. Those with money want to keep money, and so peaceful dissolution of an oligarch system would take a massive social revolution informed by pure chance that a majority of elected officials agree that a dissolution is necessary and good. I sure as heck won’t be alive to see the day.
Vsause uploads, I like, I watch, My mind gets blown
Lottocracy sounds like the best borg we can borg right now. Sounds awesome.
2:50 We were so close to getting Michael to say "Unforeseen Consequences." SO CLOSE
So our Mind is basically a Tofu Hardrive with vast amounts of knowledge to store in.
5:48 the signature vsauce ding noise
Could you get into advaita vedanta (non-duality).
Don't worry you are awesome Micheal
why are you sitting down in just one position during the whole video, that is so unlike you
жду перевода)
I hope this video changes the world
I HATE THE ANTICHRIST I HATE THE ANTICHRIST I HATE THE ANTICHRIST I HATE THE ANTICHRIST
Next Vsauce video: what do boogers smell like
Sorry, I opened Minecraft in the background at 25:26.  Also would recommend looking into Bjorn Lomborg for insightful reasoning relating to climate change.
Michael it's time for you daily medication
esse cara é loko kkkk ta porra
Wow what a gangster flexing this dope ass video
I love how each video comes full circle
9:50
Michael, get out of my head.
"Tell me about climate WITHOUT actually mentioning climate change"
Im thinking the main takeaway from this video is that deliberation is a group activity and that talking and exchanging ideas with a group, no matter what you think of opposing opinions is how the best conclusions are reached. We need to get talking. And we cannot have suppression of speech/ideas.
This video is incredible
What if there was an anti-Facebook, which only recommended posts that you would disagree with and made it really difficult to find content that agreed with your world view? That would be a cool experiment I think.
Just 100 companies are responsible for 71% of global emissions
What was the reason for the watch coming on and off?
This video is changing my life
he had so many chances to say aamong us
;-;
Time to binge on Vsause.
Still confused about Mary
5:48 oh yeah, there's the classic Vsauce music we were all waiting for.
I missed you
man, I love your videos too much
AH, of course, I definitely knew all that,
Whoooo! Nice video... a real stop and pauser..🙉🤯
WAIT!! 13:46 "we seem practically BUILT to give reasons for whatever we think we must"  I KNOW A CONTRIBUTING FACTOR: we are taught to think like this in Highschool Debating, Essay Writing, University Lectures and Politics. Today we are PRESCRIBED what to argue for, and judged on HOW we do it.  The debate judges tell you what your topic stance is --> you win if you were convincing The highschool teacher sets out your curriculum --> you grade if you adhere to it closely Academia rejects unreferenced independent thinking --> you get grants if you quote and are quoted The opposition party is expected to challenge everything --> you score by how many bills you can knock down or push through  The pursuit of objectivity has discarded subjective experience and the context it brings as a reference point for ground truth. It's literally integration but we've discarded the +c at the end.
I needed this. I would pay money just to eat lunch with Vsauce
Pretty weak video tbh
When people wish for reasonability in others, they usually desire cooperation or consideration on some level. What I often catch myself doing is automatically denying claims before I've heard them in full. It's a habit I think a lot of people have developed because it is often perceived as weak to not "stick to your guns".
Time, strange thing.
"Techno Sapiens" should be a band name
Alright I'm not watching past the bill gates sponsorship. Remember, 100 corporations are responsible for 71% of all emissions. He is part of the problem. My fellow humans! We should really change our ways!! ...No, they should
you should've shown the split brain example. where one half of the brain is told to do something and the other half is asked why, and always makes up reasons
5 hours ago and almost 500K views wow
LETS GOOOOO
OMG THANK YOU
*vsauce discovers philosophy
Mind blown 🤯
The King is back.
Thank you Michael!❤️
Does someone know the music used in the intro when Michael appeared out of nowhere?
I love how 17 million people like this stuff, power of the internet
Is it only me who felt that the title is an extreme clickbait.
Convince me of the usefulness of isolation, scientific bias, governments, virus, lock-downs, arrogance, envy or women/men.
Lottocracy!  You ripped off my idea.  I feel so vindicated.  My confirmation bias is fulfilled.
Bill Gates of all people... cmon Michael
YEA!!!! Another Vsauce video!  NICE!
Wake up, a new vsauce video.
I freaking love u Vsauce
Oh no, he’s been corrupted by Shill Gates...
7:53 "we don't have measuring tape tentacles that shoot from our eyes."  You don't know me.
11:33 , wonder if someone clicked here and heard this 😆
For me you are a voice of reason, a guide to help along the way.
10:22 no. logic is here incorrect unless we don't agree at the language or grammar. the question is an "AND" argument not an "OR".
Welcome back, Michael
My my
Mike uses his hands explain things in a perfect way. 🤙🏿
26:20 odd.. I have been trying to say this 4 months now the we need some sort of lottery system not a voting system make it part of the citizens Duty
Brutal.
thank you.
I'm not proud of this, but won't lie, 16:08 scared me...
me when I see michael has uploaded a new video: holycrazyfuckinshit LETS GOOOOOO
What the fuck I just had like at least 7 different existential crisises in 30 minutes wtf
Collective, Averaged, Rounded thinking is what humans are all about, and even though we are at a point where many people don't believe this, but some that do- apply it, I'm sure humanity will soon realise it's potential, and importance, in the future. Machine learning is already pretty close to this fundamental and also shows how humans understand and are able to transfer this trait to machines.  As always, thanks for the great video.
God damn thank you Michael. I absolutely love these types of videos. Your input on the subject has and probably will change the minds of many people. I know it changed mine.
Prove Michael right Like if you agree
awesometer*
So the future is small groups of people reasoning in order to better serve reasoning’s original evolutionary purpose?  Sick.
I love this channel so much! Wish there were more frequent videos.
My brain is now reproducing brain cells thank you
way to take a clear stance on any of the issues you bring up in the video
Is Michael really here ?
this came out of nowhere, i woke up, saw the notification and i'm just so happy
As always.... thanks for posting!
This video deserves to be preserved for future generations. Thank you from the bottom of my heart, Michael, for the work you put in these videos.
Currently at 19:19.  I am autistic and often interact with other autistics and this video has made me realize that part of why an autistic person may seem rude or be ignored when giving answers and backing them up with logic and reason is because our reasoning is not socially based. It just is. We take whatever information and evidence we have and do not filter it in the way neurotypicals do. It is all taken into account and we give our answer without thought of social implications. The social reasoning in our brains is shut off. The conclusion is the conclusion regardless of how anyone feels about it and we're unable to understand why a conclusion or fact would be offensive. It makes us come off as stubborn and rude when we're often just oblivious.  The complex social rules and norms of neurotypicals are terribly confusing.
Philosophy needs to be taught in elementary school
Hm
7:17 uncle Ben said that to a young Peter Parker
Im starting to think that Hideo Kojima learned everything from Michael
I visited all the links in description except the bill gates one cause ive already done that before.
Based.
I love Vsauce's videos so much
Michael for President 🙏
It 5 AM and Vsauce new vid.
Industrialization does not necessarily equal a higher quality of life.
ª
I've missed you
Watching this high is an experience
“It’s all preparation for a debate that never comes” hits different after watching the Presidential address and the Republican counter-address.
"people who make technology should be held accountable" *partners with bill gates
What is the reasoning for humans evolving with different languages?
My mind is in my pocket
Jacque Fresco: "People cannot think or reason".
I don't like to associate the two but now I feel like It would be beneficial. If the Vsauce comment section ran politics, I feel like not only would we make the world today better, together, but also make future generations proud of our revelations we had as an inquisitive and ponderous group of wanderers to seek the best for all of humanity. 🙏 Thank you Micheal for your Wisdom.
This might be the most mindblowing Vsauce video I've seen.
This is a very Gemini-Sagittarius axis  video
First Veritasium, now VSauce. Bill Gates is corrupting all my favorite scientific Youtubers.
Vsauce will be labeled racist somehow in the future
9:49-10:00 is a bit that feels a little too real. We've all seen that kind of person.
Just watched a video about how absolutely fucked we are as a species.
How long does it take Michael to make a video? I thought I took forever to upload LOL.
Mike went from where is mind to political reforms and you didn’t even realise.
Oh yeah
It’s been a long time. How have you been?
Ironic that you partnered with Bill Gates for this A man notorious for hording wealth and power for his own sake, to the point that even his charitable actions make him more money than he loses. The antithesis of the crowd, or the great mind.
Vsauce is the best thing to happen
A NEW VIDEO
V-sauce about to get hella bombarded by the crazies now that he's gone and made a video with Bill Gates in 2021
Lotacracy let's go
I would also like to point out how you can actually tell they took the more serious tone with this episode that the topic deserves and damn, that was a good way to end it
I just read the first two chapters of How to Avoid A Climate Disaster yesterday, and today Vsauce uploads this.
we were never animals micheal, god created man. he honored human beings but you people still call yourselves animals... evolution is the biggest lie ever made and its sad people as intelligent as you except it blindly when in fact it doesnt even follow the scientific method. there is no actaul observable proof that evolution is real. i know there is some evidence of bacteria adapting but im talking about an organism becoming something drastically different like fish to human or something.
Get ready boys it's time for our minds to get fucked in the swaths of knowledge
Uh oh vsauce tainted by bill gates. Ironically the guy that doesn’t want group reasoning.
Hello everyone, this is your quarter annual dose of internet
YESYESYESYESYES
lmfao I’m 5 minutes in and we go from talking the brain being a similar texture to tofu to discussing the great filter, Vsauce, I like your style 😎👏
wait when tf did vsauce come back???
lottocracies sound great tbh
What micheal described as lottocracy is similar to what anarchists believe in, that is people's assemblies to control society from the bottom up without any "officials" forcing their authority on people
lottocracy looks like absolute autism
Vsauce? More like VHEMT. Pfft
I have been watching your videos from last 1 week and i love your videos alot.
opaque to your awareness. 🤯
this was a poetically gorgeous and pretty important video. Thank you Vsauce team :)
Michael, I am a doctor in rural Arizona. Many folks here refuse to wear masks or get vaccinated. Logic, data, and science don’t change minds. Now I just try making them feel guilty/selfish. Seems to be more convincing.
This video is very important.
Please never stop making videos
what if we don't even use reasons to reach conclusions ?
🅱️sauce
Nice video, but lost me a bit at lottocracy, it completely trivializes the functions of a modern government and simplifies it into a series of small legislative tasks that can be easily mulled over by random people.  I would consider myself interested in government and politics and I know for a fact that I could not make intelligent decisions on more than a handful of legislative issues.  Throw in the role of the executive and judicial branches and you have a completely dysfunctional governance by dice roll...and that's before you have to deal with international relations and the military.
but what is random?
U always have to rewatch any Vsauce video 5 times to act full understand the video
Wow, some strong evolutionary psychology in there. Not at all falsifiable, of course.
Watching a vsauce video always makes me feel 5x smarter
WOOOOOOO
The return of the King
This makes me want to make an awesome-ometer
Did Vsauce just declare himself a post structuralist philosopher??
Damn VSauce sold out
Just want to let everyone know that Bill Gates, despite not being an elected official, seems to have the final say as to whether we de-patent the covid-19 vaccine and allow its formula to be distributed worldwide, free of charge. This is directly responsible for the worsening covid-19 crisis in India and several developing nations. Bill Gates is directly responsible for this crisis continuing unabated.  Bill Gates is a deeply evil man.
To be fair, we weren't told if Paul, Mary, and Peter are persons. So, given only the information provided in the prompt, there would not be enough information to decide.
Michael has always says thanks for watching, but have we ever thank him for showing?
The Legend Is Back!
This reminds of FDR's presidency, when he was elected to get the country out of the Great Depression. There were so many things wrong with the country, that there was no way for FDR to fix it all on his own. Instead, he took people from all over, people from minority groups, people from different political parties, and he got all their opinions and took in their ideas for how to fix the country. Within the next decade, America had already recovered greatly. Reasoning is more powerful when you work together.
The internet is left alone just ruins politics, it creates division and has failed to do any more than assigning people to beliefs and keep them there. We need some form of active debate like Daddy Michael talks about. If we don't do this, I fail to see how we will magically do this without trying.
The return of the beard
My mind is an existential pit, and I kindly thank you for it.
Here is the thing: we could get to zero emissions here in the US and it wouldn't make a damn bit of difference to the overall climate if countries like China and India keep emitting as much as they do now. They are responsible for a massively greater amount of emissions than we are by a longshot, and their governments don't give a damn or even consider shutting down the environmentally unregulated factories and industries that fuel their economies, or practices that are responsible for the vast majority of all emissions on earth. For some reason, very, very few vocal environmentalists ever say anything at all about what those countries are doing, and I don't have a clue as to why that is. It's like they're scared to even call them out on their conduct, let alone try to make them change anything.   Well I can tell you this: not shit is going to change unless those mass-emitting countries do their part as well, and someone needs to grow a pair and stand up to them and say just that. I guess since most of those climately-minded activist people are on the left, they're just afraid of being called a racist or some other nonsense by "attacking their culture" because those countries are majority non-white or something like that. It is mind-bogglingy stupid to only try to remove the "splinter" in our finger that represents our carbon emissions, yet totally ignore the huge "branch" that has punctured through our abdomen representative of their emissions.   These environmental folks gotta get after it if they're as concerned as they say they are. Of course I guess a lot of the big activists like hollywood celeb types actually don't care at all, as evident by their love and preference for flying in their private jets full of fossil fuels to these global climate accord circle jerks, owning lots of cars, yachts, you name it. They say the goal is to save the planet, but they have no interest in going after the biggest contributors to the issue at hand. Makes absolutely no sense at all. I do my part, and it's time for them to get off my ass and start getting onto theirs, for crying out loud.
Nothing better to solve this than free markets
If humans are those who think with their minds. Then democrats are animals.
‏‏‎ ‎
9:28pm....
hi Michael
how do u measure awesome?🤯
talking to the people as if we have the power to change anything one way or the other. newsflash, the same media that gives us so called truth and reason is the same media that gives us bias and lies. How can one person deliberate for sure what they see on a screen is true or not? the answer is by listening to a so called authority on the matter. But we will never be able to experiment with anything they can because we dont have the resources nor the time so how can we prove it to ourselves that what the authority says is true no matter how many accolades they seem to hold? well we have to TRUST them, but How can we trust these people hold genuine feelings for us and have honor if they dont even know our so much as our names?   I definetly dont have an answer to these questions. maybe im missing something, maybe im just stupid. but you know what ? i genuily want an answer so hopefully someone can enlighten me.
Ayy
What does it mean to be awesome  Are We Cool Yet
Damn, that's a great look into reasoning and its problems in the modern age. Great video as always, your content always make my day whenever I see it.
I wish I could come up with a creative comment.......
This is a great video! As much as I live Vsauce jokes, I hope people are able to see beyond them and learn something from this video, as well..
where'd the watch go?
The thousand people disliking be like “no reasoning bad I hate thinking”
When the world needed him most he came back
this hit harder than most of your other videos
wish bill gates put his billions where his mouth is and actually worked to change the world.
I'm always so happy when a new vsauce drops but this one especially hit me because it's something I've been thinking about myself recently
so time to re-watch Burke’s first Connections series...
dude is such a great teacher.  thanks for sharing. 🤲🏿🌊🌌🤙🏿
I feel like this is something everyone (including myself) needs to hear and ponder.
Where are your fingers part 2 yay!
The sauce of the V has graced us with another video
I think I've come to the conclusion that discussions online, in text, like the vast majority of social media are hard to interact with, not just because they lack the humanity of speech, but also because there will always seem to be a comment that I agree with that reflects, closely enough, my understanding and/or take-away from the post. It is easier to just give it a like rather than make my own comment that will always be a more perfect reflection of my thoughts. I suppose it's always easy to just agree with what is being said, but this video inspires me to add my opinion to how many jelly beans are in the jar. Thank you for reading.
It's hard to argue with his assessment
amazing
Song at 15:30??
Okay guys see you in next 6 months
you dont know how badly i needed this video
It's lessons like this that make me have a little less hate on conspirational thinkers
Thank you Michael for making these videos, they are one of the few things that really let me be deep in thoughts about so many things. Every video let's me have these little moments and they're wonderful.
political video in discise
When the world needed him most, he came back
This is hands down the most profound and important video Michael has made and I would go so far as to say that this is life changing for me. It's been increasingly distressing to watch society speed towards sensationalism/outrage narratives through social media and special interest funded media. It's often left me wondering what's next. The way things are right now is not sustainable, how do we move to a system that takes care of individuals while keeping larger societies healthy and functional? My conclusion so far as been to encourage as much face to face interaction and conversation in small groups. We are built to communicate and listen all at once with empathy and physicality guiding our decisions. The idea to create national days for small group discussion and reasoning is absolutely a step in the right direction. People need to face each other and behave according to group etiquette and respect. That way, we can create societies where everyone is able to negotiate for their needs as well as have a greater understanding of what they must give in order to meet the needs of others.
if only everyone had the same ideas and no cultural differences existed, right vsauce?
REASON WILL PREVAIL
Daddy!
Thabk you maichal
Would be nice to see more viewers focusing on the empathy as a great filter part instead of how long he hadn't updated, cus that's literally it. No secret. It's just as he said
Bill Gates is part of the problem. Why does one man have such outsized influence? His influence on the patent issue of covid vaccines is inexcusable.
👏
Michael your content is awesome, you are an amazing narrator, your content is really good, i'm working on my english and a lot of things in my life, but i always, every single day, reserve 20 to 30 minutes for your videos, i like to think about the mind, the things you say had an small but significant impact on my life that scalated with the time, you made me think, you made me wonder who i am, you made me a human that finally realized what is a human, and i thank you really much, you are awesome.
Man, this video came out at the PERFECT time.
I love this video very much. I appreciate the depth you go. I have thought over these before and to hear you rephrase them is an amazing feeling. I've referred to it as "the mighty beast" rather than the "crowd". It invokes its raw power yet savage brutality. With there being so much time left of our species it, to me, seems like future human descendants "quantumly resurrecting" us is at least once over is more likely than not. The way we act as a collective now is going to keep dominoing for generations. There will come a day where there will be trillions of people. Imagine how hard it would be to induce social change if a proper system was not implemented correctly/at all early on. We have a duty to our species to do everything we can to get it right.
VSaaaauuuuuucccccceeeeeee
I feel like he was time crunched at the end, unfortunate.
It is actually an Ossomometer. Only simpletons refer to it as an “awesome-ometer”
Was good until he brought up bill smh
I can't exactly put into words why, but I have this weird intuition that it is Bitcoin and Blockchain which will catapult us to what michael is saying.
twitter in a nutshell
I normally love Vsauce, but why would you ruin it all like that 5:22 if you think that person is a legitimate source for anything I have a bridge to sell you.
Who tf disliked
babe wake up, new vsauce video
Vsauce videos are pretty much just taking everyday concepts and asking “but what does that mean?” Over and over until I have a midlife crisis
Nice TedTalks Micheal
Michael is going to have a huge impact in history classes 100 years from now
what's going on at 6:27
1:55 This is what I came here for.
*in unison* “...or IS IT?”  Personal jinx, Michael...
Me, scrolling through YouTube at 10:20 PM: Meme video? No. Video game contenT? No. V...s...a YEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSSS!
Vsus
hey michael one of my teachers played a video of yours in my class and it was the best thing ever
Back for my bi-yearly existential crisis, yay!
Just finished the video. Wow Micheal, that’s an incredible way of looking at it. You are a big inspiration to me and my way of thinking.
NEW VSAUCE VIDEO JUST DROPPED , I literally just watch his videos yesterday.
Ah yes, something that will cheer me up! Wait...
why so many dislikes? :(
THANKS FOR THE VID!!!
Jeeeez I feel like he sat me down and calmly explained to me that the climate crisis is coming and its all my fault😐
You can’t know this unless you’ve smoked a fat blunt Mister!
This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates. If you ask a devil he says to reason but in the subtext today and the future of reasoning is not to reason at all.
14:00 this beat drop is nuts
hickups are a hyper object
22:52 Max Derrat on YouTube explains this in his video "The Most Profound Moment in Gaming History." MGS predicted that people in a connected age will find safety among groups who believe what they do, meaning their beliefs are never challenged, creating violence between many disparate groups that strongly believe in opposing ideas that are justified by more and more people
JonTron and Vsauce returning on the same day? Perhaps the stars are aligning
I'm so glad these are back!!
Reason?? Logic??  Nah i prefer Pro Tools
Don't know if this matters but in the description hyoperobjects is spelled hyperobects
vsauce? more like vsauce
The legend is back!
Social media
Next episode: Don't question The Science and Holy Fauci, and just take the miracle juice because CoNfIrMaTiOn BiAs...
Thank you for working so hard to consistently bring engaging and educational videos!
Social networks social networks social networks social network
Based.
finally, i get to learn something from my favorite educational youtuber PogU
Vsauce is like that cool uncle you don’t meet than often that’s a teacher too
Wow as a leftist, lottocracy actually sounds amazing.  The elimination of a bribable ruling class is a problem we'll forever struggle with in any other system.
dammit Michael you got me again.
My best friend tried to convince me you burned out. This video proves that's bullshit.
Thank me later. As research on areas like transactive memory shows,  are made up just as much by the people and tools around us as they are by the  cells inside  skull.
Sounds like Al Gore🙄
So our minds are basically a tycoon game and reasoning is the new upgrade... got it.
Heard bill gates and just sighed
The man the myth the legend VSAUCE
Do hell with reasoning .. I am only here for the good ol' vsause music
I liked the bill gates meme
That turquoise song at the end always gives me existential crisis as I ponder my insignificance and what will happen next in this little blue rock.
YAYYY YOUR BACK
Bill gates? Seriously?
Michael from Vsauce is a modern icon
Yeah this is good but have you ever had a maricholo momento?
Not even 10 seconds into the video  Michael:- whErE iS YoUr mINd?
MICHAEL VSAUCE DESTROYS ELEPHANTS WITH FACTS AND LOGIC!!! 2021! (AWESOME!!)
Well Michael's brain must be broken but it doesn't seem to hELP HIM REMEMBER TO POST NEW VIDEOS MORE THAN ONCE PER MILLENNIA
Cant watch a VSauce video without the 130 Moon Men theme when VSauce says "or is it?".
Earlier today I had a random urge to watch vsauce videos, and then he releases this the same day. Crazy timing
To feed the algorithm
Never disappoint
The body is a machine, the brain a computer, the subconscious the operating system, and the conscious an application. So the mind/soul is just software.
the fact that this channel costs me 0$ and can provide such information to tens of millions is mind boggling if only he would post more :(
Not been able to solve the marry puzzle, I feel like my life is breaking apart. Smh
you're trying to now say that facts and logic are irrelivent which is wrong 2+2 is reasonably 4 and things that are not so easily descirnable should be debated
Everytime I watch a Vsauce video I feel like I've learned nothing and everything at the same time
Ohh a vsauce video just before sleep. What could i ask more for?
It's not a bug, it's a feature.
I wonder how much Bill Gates paid him for this 30 minute propaganda about cLiMaTe ChAnGe...
Vsauce is 1 million times better than edgenuity
partnership with bill gates? thats sketch
26:10  This is an absolutely brilliant idea. Politicians riling up people absolutely cannot be trusted. Even better those participating in the discussion have no choice but to think about their positions.
Finally a Vsauce video
Micheal has been on a Pixies binge I see.
"Hey Vsauce, Micheal here" hits me harder than my dad
Nice try masking your communist climate change agenda
I just died
Time for him to take 30 minutes to tell us that first question he asked doesn’t have an answer
"Let's take a trip on my mind and see what we find"  -forgot the singer
glad to know there's scientific reasons why there should be power to the people
Goose bumps, tears, how do you do it?! i did not expect to be completely swayed by proposing something as insane as a Lottocracy.  It sounds beyond rational to me now.... is that me adhering to the crowed??? wHaT aM i?!?!
The book "The Giver" is about a lottocracy and it was (imo) a dystopia. Just some food for thought.
I've grown up watching Michael and understood his videos more and more over time. I've watched every video dozens of times as I enjoy them and to see how I understand it differently over time. I've even gone to Brain Candy a few years back. I've followed Michael for as long as I can remember when I was a lot smaller and this might be the greatest video he's made.
THIS. IS. PHENOMENAL!
god I missed these, leaves me with goosebumps everytime lol
Even if we did have a system where random citizens were making decisions, and they were provided all the expert info possible on a subject, people would continue not believing science and would just vote to keep things the same. At least in the US, our education system has failed and people are too religious.  Don't forget, almost half the country voted for Trump. HALF
And he come again to bring back our existential dread.
I love these videos. Thank you Michael. I really got something from this. (And not just the Curiosity Box for my Birthday)
Who else feels condescended by his video?
Our mind can analyse an entire planet, our mind is cruel
The fact his first video was of Mario farting and his channel evolved to what it is today blows my mind.
Bro, I don’t want another existential crisis. I don’t wanna think about that and death...
With great power comes great respomsibility.
This video was really cool. Vsause videos always help me look at life in new ways.
MAKE YOUR MARK
How wrinkly is Vsauce's brain?!?!
Bill gates
Vsauce is the master of youtube titles
Okay, breaking my I am not able to impact the world silence for a moment here  so here's my lottery-in-so-far-as-you-have-managed-to-read-my-nearly-meaningless-input  It terrifies me that Bill Gates is involved in this when I agree w/ most everything else,  We really do have to start consider ourselves cells of a larger organism no one will save us, and BIllionaires, yes including Bill Gates are so far removed the populace reality as to be considering irrelevant to our being so is Vsauce, am I?   I remember a company town hall shouting at a CEO that they were wrong about the concentration camps at the US border, b/c their own confirmation biases had lead them to certain conclusion otherwise the room knew better  I've got plenty of my own confirmation biases I try not to puke out but in protests, in masses of people demonstrating, I know we're right, and you can learn of truths washing over the crowd
More than once I've looked down to like the video, forgetting I had already liked it
Vsause making me feel impowered and have a crisis at the same time
Where is my mind? *cue  Pixies music*
Kiitos Viisaus
Can/would you reasonably tone down the music?
Anyone here want Michael to cover Crytpographic technology, the history of money, and the justifications for a move away from Fiat?
He has returned                     For the 600th time
This is Michael's retelling of the Communist Manifesto. Except Bill Gates sponsored it.
Thank you Michael from Vsauce very cool.  I shall go and have a existential dread now.
egg
Is the earth just a large skull, housing the braincells of humans, as humans grow? Are we any different from a simple-minded cell? Michael hey, sauceV here.
24:36 "powerful billionaires will surely come to the rescue" "Why lead when you can follow?" Man, this Vsauce video is oddly political and smells like collectivist propaganda by comparing the reasoning of candy jar guessing to socioeconomic decisions. *This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates* Oooh that explains it.
Tl;dw - Bring back sortition.
Yo its the man
Remember good vadio
Yay
what
So we're just gonna work with the billionaire's that are killing the planet now??? Ok vsauce.... :/
Man I am so glad he's not bald in this video and got his beard back
Michael I have work tomorrow -- why are you making the videos longer and longer?
no vsauce your mind is in the universe please do your research
One of the most thought provoking videos Vsauce has ever uploaded. My god
It doesn't matter which time I watch these videos or how many times, whenever the vsauce music plays, I get the feeling that I will learn something new.
ANARCHY RULE
He just tried to bribe us with quantum revival
thanks
For a cold and stoic man watching a video about reasoning, I felt awfully emotional throughout the video. I wish I knew why.
Babe wake up new existential crisis just dropped
remember when bill gates' foundation blocked the IP for covid-19 vaccines from being publicly available? preventing more rapid and vast distribution of vaccines around the world? can someone please tell him he's part of the problem?
There’s only vsauce who can be sponsored by bill gates.
I forgot that new vsauce videos were possible
If only the politicians watched his video...
Great video. Great timing. You were very smart with dropping this video after the events of 2020.
ayo someone email all the world leaders this vid
i have coupon!
Really loved this one. Thank you
0:05 with your feet in the air and your head in the ground
7:27 - 7:40
Well shit time to have an existential crisis
Thank you for the amazing video
Michael. We need MORE videos from you. Love you.
The sauce has returned
You know it'll get exciting when Michael appears on a YouTube video
Your videos are always a comfort to my neurotic heart. Thank you. 🧡
This feels like a 30 minute diss track for Ben Shapiro
Smart man (with a beard) says big boy words for 30 minutes and 2 seconds
Where is my mind? Way out in the water.. see it swimming!
babe wake up vsauce uploaded
Technically you can be a widow or widower for 2 years after you SO passing... So that first logic puzzle is not able to be solved...
So amazing Michael, we are so lucky to have you in the world doing what you do.
21:33 "It's why we don't trust big decisions to a single person, no matter how educated or powerful they are."  Xi Jinping, Kim Jong Un, Tedros Adhanom, and Anthony Fauci want to know your location
I really loved this video! Made me thinking a lot of ways of using reasoning for a greater good or at least how it really works. Thanks!
Damn! I DO and I DON'T wanna watch this. Because as soon as it's over I know it'll be a whole nother year or so before we get a new one. =\ and I'll be sad.. :'(
Do your friends and family call you Mike? Maybe Mikey? I won't, of course but I've always wanted to ask. 🙂
Yeeeaaaahhhh! new video
Our society is basically communist while our government isn’t
Oh no, I'm on science youtube again
Babe, wake up! Vsauce just uploaded a new video!
A banger every single time
GREAT S ALWAYS
They said the legend would never return but today, we prove them wrong
Borg had it right. I vote yes to hive mind
Cool, cool. But giving more money to the state won't avoid climate disaster.
Brilliant, as usual.
Vsauce: Bill Gates Me: cya
Great video as always.
Old days are back
I really like how this will lean us to try to change things for our future
Is this a new vsauce video or am I just dreaming??
i always instantly give a thumbs up for vsaucs videos
How the hell is he so good at talking. Nobody captivates me just much by just talking and it's like everything he says just clicks. You are a gift, thank you so much for teaching me so much and captivating my mind for so long.
It gave me the chills when the typical vsauce explaining music kicks in at 5:48. It's been a long time since I last heard that. Thank You, Michael!
"Bae wake up, Vsauce uploaded again."
5:50 for anyone lookin for the sweet beat  drop 😎
S
Welp, I know what my goal in life is now.
Michael needed rent money and we needed an existential crisis. All is right.
I got goosebumps when he mentioned lottocracy. Last year I mentioned this to my dad and some of his friends and they got quiet real fast, it resonated with them and made sense. I can't believe Michael brought this up... my fucking God I love this channel
The legend himself has returned god bless this man
Bill Gates? No thanks.
Absolutely amazing... well done!!!
My theory is that Michael is atoning for his sins by giving us this great content for free
Nossa, chorei muito :'( A gente precisa salvar nosso planeta cara! :'(
Another great video. I've definetly thought a lot about how much we think about something versus how much we like to say we thought about something, or something like that. It can be easy to fudge the truth in a lot of small ways that are relatively harmless just to portray your own logic in a certain way.
This is only my 3rd existential crisis today
*”No, I am not an elephant”* -Michael, 2021
This was a banger
visaus time
So basically, facts care about your feelings
The day Michael reverts back to his og beard length the world will be saved
26:17 wtf I love the new world order now
This is one of the best videos I’ve ever seen, it explains complex issues so well
I was gonna say something snarky like, "look who graced us with his presence!" But seriously, look who graced us with his presence! Weel done, Cutty Sark! A top tenner!
26:27 "If we can't sustain seven billion people, all seven billion people will look for a way to sustain seven billion people"  -Senku Ishigami
Wow yesterday i binge watched mindfeild today a vsauce episode...      Coincidence???
Just like most I love a good d.o.n.g, but vsauce really gets my blood flowing.
5:47 when that drop hits I know shits about to go down
yes daddy’s back
Michael, this is nothing but I hope you read this. It's scientifically proven that you're a god.
Amazing video and lesson Michael, just amazing.
God I miss these 🤗
vsause be a ticktioker
Oh how I’ve missed this, hope to see you all again next year
I missed you, science seemed so boring without u ❤️❤️❤️
Hey Michael, Vsauce here... Good to see you again man. This was awesome, you are awesome.
Everything is American idol, it's like that  black mirror episode
YES HELLO?
Im so excited to watch this video. Vsauce’s third eye has opened after the ayahuasca for sure.
12:18 it's not a bug, it's a feature 😂
https://youtu.be/JmQJ-xRNPvY
Open Source is one of the solution to reason as a group
Yo let’s go
I'd love a video more focused on how the internet is gonna shape our future minds. Once we have brain-interface, if I send you a whatsapp message while looking at you without saying anything and you respond back, is that telepathy? I'd love to see some data on the number of problem solved (social,economic,politics,religious,ANYTHING) since we have the internet. I think we fixing more and more by the day.
This video made me seriously question the word "why."
If the crowd makes better decisions, how did donald trump win an election?
Hey, Vsauce! Micheal here. Where is your body?
Thinking, Fast and Slow by Daniel Kahneman is another phenomenal book about how much  processing our brains do without us even realizing it. Cannot recommend it highly enough.
The fact that Bill Gates likes VSauce enough to partner with him, makes me like Bill Gates that much more.  Masters of reasoning
...Or is it ?
I don't think anyone here is criticizing your infrequency of upload. I think we're all just astonished at how the threshold of quality never seems to dial back in lieu of choking the quantity. I love you, have a great day Vsauce Michael there.
he’s back
Holy crap. Instant classic, Michael. Good work on this one.
Finally, a Vsauce video y'all were waiting for ..
What
I guess this explains why Cheesecake Factory is popular.
the world needs more people like Michael, you are indeed the most awesome elephant! Now seriously, thanks that you exist
27:05. I have to contest you on this one. Unless those chosen by the lottery were somehow able to remain anonymous the corportations and special interests would "cozy up" with them anyway for the duration they are in power.
Wake up, Vsauce uploaded
Vsause is literally the definition of quality over quantity
Hey, it’s always nice to have your perception on reality change in 30:02 minutes.
I would love a national deliberation day 😍
5:45 I was waiting for it and I was rewarded
i've missed your videos
Thank you Vsauce, this seriously opened my eyes!
Awww snap. We got 2016 Micheal again. I love it
I'm having a bit of a problem going from more total city being built to raised quality of life? This seems kinda naive and simplistic at first hearing
XQCL
When does a crowd become a mob? Things like the Mccarthy trials, the Salem witch trials, and the french revolution all involved a large mass of people deliberating together; and yet, each came to some of the worst conclusions in history.
alright, im convinced. my political alignment is now lottocracy
Billy gates
Humans have a way of not being afraid of things until they can see with the danger for themselves . When humans will ruin the weather really bad, they will start taking climate change seriously. Very seriously. Too bad we cant start making change right now.
This singular informative motion recorder has given me all the knowledge in the universe no mortal minds can comprehend I am ascending , ascending to the greatest of universe to the smallest of smallest particles, my mind is ever evolving and is to have the largest capacity of information, I hold the key to eternal existance from this one motion recording video called the Vsauce.
10 on the awsome-mometer
Wow. Endorsing Bill Gates. Sorry bud. Won’t be watching you anymore.
Babe shut up, new vsauce just dropped
I was not expecting a Vsauce upload today but I'll drop everything to watch it anyway
I mean, Vsauce videos are all smart, but this one is fuckin’ SMART
physics in school should be this interesting.
HYPE
Hi michael, can you made timestamp for better understanding every part of this video?
too bad republicans exist so we are fucked
-a bitcoin's price fluctuates in the market -vsauce uploaded a video -never gonna give you up.
so the action item circles back to improving common education. without this pre-requisite, "random" leaders are either disastrous or elitist/oligarchic
Aha one of the 2 days of the year where I feel smart
Democracy: The God that Failed, a good read for anyone who found the alternatives to democracy idea interesting
makes me just tear up everytime i see a new upload
So many dislikes, people without the capacity to think outside the box and prefer to continue with our "democracy" are triggered. they are probable flat earth and anti vaccine herd. This video is so deep and full of meaning. Vsauce is a treasure, a humankind treasure.
Anarchy babee
Steven Pinker and Sam Harris should watch this
the return of the king
amazing
Sponsored by Bill Gates? Really?
vsauce for president
Not even 10 seconds in and I think Vsauce is claiming that I'm Billie Eilish??
These types of Vsauce videos always make me feel super good, and I don’t rlly know why
“Oh boy, another sauce video” *grabs popcorn*
a welcome surprise
master returns
I like where you’re going with this Michael.❤️always love your work and how you hey is to really think.
/delete_mind_head_fat_bones_skin so nothing
Very video, so thoughts, wow!
7:53  Wait what?? So that's just me? 😐
Welcome back Michel
mans got the posting schedule of bill wurtz but goddamn if it's not the best notification YouTube ever gives
"Its not a bug it is a feature"
When the vsauce uploads
Vsus
the beard, the baldness, the philoshophical discussions and the belief that dialetic is the best form to reach truth... Michael is turning to Socrates guys
Not on trending... kinda sus
The real life Sheldon
Time for me to lay in bed thinking about this all night Thanks man I didn't feel like sleeping anyways
21:38 Ooohhhh, that's why twitter is the greatest source of reasoning, in the entire human collective.
Is it just me, or do these videos seem to jump around everywhere .... no to mention they are quite reductive
Oml I thought that said reseasoning🤣
Anyone else notice the black lines on the side?
propaganda
Finally
Missed Vsauce.
When the world needed him the most, he appeared!
2:59 the dancin bois
FINALLYYYYYYYY
I wish I could show this video to every human on earth
“Where are your fingers?” - Vsauce 2013 “Where is your mind?” - Vsauce 2021 “W h e r e  a r e  y o u?” -Vsauce 2025
1k dislikes.... Why?
Something.
Wonder what a billionaire has to tell us about avoiding climate change lmao.
daily dose of existential crisis
Who else is now a lottocrat?
Guys, let’s start a lottocratic nation named VSaucia where we’ll elect leaders randomly.
Hey Vsauce! Michael here Where is your mom?
this man can make anything so fucking complicated
Anyone else notice his watch disappearing and reappearing?
*RETURN* *OF* *THE* *KING*      *POGGERS!!!* Edit:pls like me
If we indeed were a part of history, and I was somehow in the future and my grandchildren were asked, "hey, who was a wise philosopher of your time period?" I would say, "Michael, from Vsauce".
What are you talking about? In the 1984 world we're living in, reasoning has been replaced with raw animalistic emotion b/c corporations.
...and that’s why Among Us is inherently the perfect game.
15:34 "It's not a bug, it's a feature" :D
a lotacracy very interesting great work btw i was glued to every word
You and all elephants are awesome. Your argument is invalid
This dude has become just another propaganda piece for globalism and the Great Reset.
please please please ,post regularly
Hey curex josh here wheres michael
My opinion in a group would be to let the music run for a bit longer in the outro of this video.
Great content, but... subtitles don't exactly match the words. I'm guessing it's taken word for word from the script and not the video?
OMG THE LAST EPISODE WAS ONLY 3 MONTHS AGO AM I IN HEAVEN
this might be the most socially significant and important vsauce video to date
Nies. Nice. Nays
man literally calling out all of humanity right here
im early to a vid yay
biggest issue humanity will ever face
man partnering with BILL GATES
As soon as he said he teamed with Bill Gates, I immediately stopped watching and disliked.
I shall observe Vsause untill I grow old and my life withers away like silk in the wind! Micheal: what is your reasoning Me: mE duNno
as always 10/10
never clicked so fast
I'm so Happy.
really ?? with all the knowledge you possess you dumb enough to work with G8ates... insane
not a good look michael :( just as bill gates is in the news saying vaccine formulas shouldnt be shared with the developing world . ughg :((((((
here are some of the valuable points I have found in this video: We are really bad a reasoning and research. We tend to have a lot of biases and end up strengthening our viewpoints from before (confirmation bias).  Reasoning is a social activity where the minds of different people fight together to end up at a conclusion much better than anyone individual. Thus in the end, we end up with a better idea of everything.   We tend to create reasons or guess why we have a certain belief and not another.  Government officials should be chosen from the population at random so that they are not motivated by fame, money, or associations to certain group but rather by their own personal opinions. As a group, they will end up with a much better conclusion and consensus.  It is impossible for everyone to arrive at the same conclusion through reasoning because we have our own unique experiences.   In the future we will be the ancients of the past.
Existential crisi here I come!
hi michael
1:56 vsauce lost copyright to his own music
Love this guy
hey chat :) 👋
Finally
Ancient philosophers would have a field day with this channel
NEW VIDEO AHHHHHH!!!!!
I’ve been waiting for the moment at 5:48 for so long
Damn Vsauce, I never thought of it, but you are an incredible cognitive psychologist, many things I learned in the classes of cognitive science and cognitive behavioral therapy are common  in your videos and you provide that extre reinforcement. Thanks a lot, cheers from México
I think a lottocracy would suffer from a similar problem that current politics does. The really truly good and smart people out there don't go into politics because it tears your life apart and unless you are working at the highest levels you make a fairly mediocre salary. Why put yourself through that if you can go to law school and become a judge, or do to med school to be doctor. It would be difficult to force individuals to participate in legislative deliberation, even if it is for money. A doctor that bills $700 an hour will likely come up with every excuse possible to not waste his time. I know jury duty is a thing but the processes of developing and passing new laws are far more work and time.
I have always thought of reasoning as a muscle we have, and it needs exercised like any other.
People of the country debating in finding solutions for our own problems together? I'm sorry but that sounds too much like democracy. Silly Michael don't you know that we don't truly live in a democracy we've got two political parties that choose two candidates for us. Just be thankful you don't live where they have a dictator or a king then there's only one option here in America where democracy thrives we get a total of two that's like twice as many
14:17 how I determine if someone is upset
or instead of doing a lottocracy we have democracy on a smaller scale like in our workplace and eliminate representative government in general, kind of like a system where each person benefits equally from society and one person isn't allowed to collect all the wealth and instead we all get to vote on how wealth is used
I wish you all a amazing future 🙏
That intro was fire tho
I'm going to jail for 2 weeks on Friday
ah shit here we go again
Holy crap, now I need to adjust todays schedule
The chosen one has returned
Yoooooo vsauce uploaded
....Its been to long...
I feel like this video not only taught me so much about other people, but also myself. Thank you Vsauce.
WAIT, This channel is still used??????
I'm guessing cause there is 16 mil in subs... Vsauce was just used as another manipulation tool from head globalists... Sucks!!... I really enjoyed this guy and his natural story telling excellence... Unfortunately though the rooks and bishops are taking out so many of the opponents this pawn just got kicked up past middle board. Dangit... Manipulation people... This is another style of manipulation! Godspeed folks!
interesting but I feel like the vibe of this message is not directed towards the better interests of the general public.  The world is not a logic puzzle yes, but people with materialist power treat this planet like their own game board. Bill Gates himself thinks just because he has money and power his opinion should matter more than an entire continent of people who reject the agenda of the oligarchy to which he belongs. they can claim they care about climate change but these are the same people who have driven up the factors. These plutocrats could've made an impact by paying their borderline slave workers more and developing energy efficient machinery long ago. We very well know we can build engines that run off hydrogen by using water, in turn would increase the oxygen in the athmosphere and end fossil fuels. None of these so called philanthropists are using their riches to elect the most altruristic leaders and build better schools for children, rather they actively block these societal improving acts.  (This is getting long so I should just make a vlog about it)  tl;dr, fuck bill gates and his friends and power to the people
He’s back
I love this!! Really great ideas!
we missed you
When you randomly wake up and it's 2am and i can't sleep a second more so you pick up your phone and then: h
Are you a communist?
Me going into this video: "Ah, cool a vsauce video"  Me leaaving: " Its time to dismantle the government and implement a lotacracy"
I heard in theory it would be Easier and cheaper to teraform earth than it would be mars, but being a planetary species would be an amazing achievement for mankind
I WAS NOT EXPECTING THIS
I'll trust Bjorn Lomborg first in these subjects because I am a pragmatist. I don't trust Bill because his wealth and prestige comes from a set of skills that are not what is required to deal with climate change issues. It's like asking for relationship advice or financial advice from a celebrity.
“Half of people didn’t realize their political beliefs had been reversed when read back to them” ok, but WHICH half??
Flat erf explained ! 🐒🌎
did he really sell out to bill gates? wow
Doesn't make videos unless a billionaire pays him to talk about something that supports his political cause.
I’m so happy there’s a new vsauce video I was watching all the old ones again
your worst video
HEY! YouTube! Rarity Here!
FINALLY A VSAUCE VIDEO,  just on time for my birthday holy shit this is beautiful.  Ima watch this a thousand times
The brain is a magical meatloaf.
Somehow I always end up back here watching Vsause and I’m not complaining
Thank you
This was actually inspirational and intellectual at the same time.
Like before he even popped into the video
Loved It from the begining to the end. But this lottocracy thing has a major problem, commom people are much cheaper to brive on. Imagine every multinational company getting permission to whatever they want for just by giving a new house, a fancy car or luxury vacations to some random people who Will never have to stand for or justify their decissions neither need to get elected again and to behave well to get it. I really believe in increased participation, but i'm not sure about how can we do it
a piece of advice , dont watch this at 4am and you're about to sleep
Should re-name the video: "GROUP THINK - Brought To You By Bill Gates"
I was thinking about this and couldn't put it into words but thank you for putting this into words
Anybody know what watch he is wearing?
There are hidden messages in the captions.
Insightful, thought-provoking mind candy... yum.
I've been waiting forever for you to come back. Nice to see you again.
You can't justify reason, as long as there's a objective creator. Reason is not human opinion, or else that'll be subjective. Objective means, that's real one. Is the real answer. Therefore it proofs that there's a creator above us. Or else only human will only be by human opinion. Not by society. Is by the objective creator.
Oh boy, right when we needed him
I choose lottocracy
This is Vsauce’s manifesto
what's with the global warming fear mongering bs
This sounds very Peter Joseph.
I never realized that michael was married. “Hey, honey! The baby just started walking!! Or did it?”
a day that vsauce posts is a good day
I really like when you use the original Vsauce music... it really takes me back, and I'm glad to have had your influence throughout my life. reminds me of way back when I lived in my childhood home. maybe that makes you feel old but i think it's a big deal. thank you <3
Hear me out though, what if bill gates sells his 4 private airplanes and stops importing sand for his mansion lake???
1:55 ah what we came for
The king of knowledge has returned
proof of why scientists shouldn't teach philosophy lol
Brilliant video!
Wow... Okay so how do we start a lottocratic uprising????🙃😂
Where funny music tho :(
people are too interested in power  certain people seek power  the rest of us just want to be left alone  that's part of the problem  power seeking people are the absolute OPPOSITE of who we want to be in power
I remember saying at some point that the average random person would make a better president than the 2016 candidates. Turns out that thinking wasn’t nearly as absurd as I had thought. Thanks, ViiSaus
Pretty sure Tom Scott tested the idea that a group of people could vote better, I don’t think the results were good
Remember when Vsauce made good videos, instead of producing propaganda for the richest people in the world?
the most out of context man is back
6:36
all hail the king
This is that kind of video I'd hope everyone on earth would see.  Phenomenal reasoning!
Michael is just Talking about memes (The real definition of the word, not the funny images.)
It's incredible that this is free. Also, please don't make us pay!
Man I miss this man telling me things I don’t understand
Random fact: this video is in 1.85:1 aspect ratio, rather than the standard 16:9 most media is produced at nowadays.
Prediction: Vsauce is uploading less so he can get ready for his own original idea
Just putting a comment here so we know i was here the day it was uploaded
Thank you vsauce
I put everything down immediately when I see a new vsauce. I’ve even put down the saw mid heart surgery.
2:18 conk creat babeyy
5:48 OH HELL YEAH HERE WE GO BOIS
9.3k793rd
"Where is your mind?" Way out in the water, see it swimming
Yes, my mind is in my brain, and my brain is in my skull, therefore my mind is in my skull.
we must Merklize all the things, gotta defend against infocancer such as advertising and condense entropy if we hope to have a chance at approaching anything near the Kolmogorov complexity of human meaning.
with the increase in population  comes the increase in tyranny  it must be  as more people populate an area,you need more and more RULES so people get along  tyranny  the opposite of freedom  "be fruitful and multiply and fill the earth " get out! get away!
This man makes us question our reality then dips for a year.
Half an hour of Michael explaining things that never happen in the real world
Lol watched the kento bento video today and then this vid came out a couple hours later
Ayy
What is the music at 25:20? I've always loved vsauce music, would love to know the titles
Bill Gates actually got to Michael damn
I won't watch anyone who partners with Bill Gates. Heartbroken that you did vsauce. That capitalist has profited off of harming tech enormously. Major structural issues with Windows, file locking being the biggest example, have likely cost the word trillions in lost productivity. Bill Gates owes a debt to society at least 10 times his net worth and being wealthy is the only reason he can get books published and have people listen to him. He's worse than a fraud, worse than most criminals and I'm certain the good charitable work he's done is more for PR than anything else. Also much of his early "charitable" work was supporting charter schools in the US which is unarguably terrible. I don't know what he's said about climate but, at best, he's right like a broken clock.
Thank you for teaching me so much once again, and I’m sure looking more into it and acting upon this will improve us in the future
Arrogant leftists watching this: "BuT wHaT aBoUt ThE gOsH dArN wHoLeSoMe iNtOlEraNcE pArAdOx???"
Lotocracy would leave us extremely vulnerable to social manipulation. We would basically be handing control of the country to mark zuckerberg.
Michael is awesome
Brain fuel
Vsauce giving another existential crisis, i see.
anarchy
Everybody until now: where is Michael?? why isn't he uploading?? ughhh After watching this: *sobbing noises.
If you want examples of societies that are run rationally and on the basis of science, look at China, Vietnam, Cuba...
Another fantastic video.
One of the best videos I've seen on youtube in a long time...
It's not often that we see Sociology Michael
The fact that we will one day become ancients... it's inconceivable. Obviously, we won't be around to know what it feels like, but what the future holds rests entirely upon our shoulders. We have so many issues to deal with in today's world, and our habits remain the same. Sometimes, those issues originate from our surroundings, from other people, or even ourselves. We have trouble dealing with ourselves; it's difficult, nowadays, to stay away from feelings of depression, anxiety, and many more self-destructive issues. Is this also one of the "unintended side-effects" of our technological evolution? Of our reasoning? By attempting to solve our societal issues, we make personal issues, and by attempting to solve our personal issues, we sometimes make societal issues. If the Great Filter is real, then it's likely very near.  This video hit me with a pang of nostalgia. All the Jake Chudnow songs, the old font, and the editing. It's the same style, but you can see that it's been improved by a lot. Thank you for uploading, Michael. :-)
There is a reason why I never 'assume'.  If we really get down to the dirty details, doxastic logic is sometimes better at functioning than your standard run of the mill logic.  I ask WHY a person believes X, Y, or Z because I do not KNOW that person.  This is why I also get a little salty when someone assumes my position on a matter; I may agree with you, but for very different reasons.  (Politicians would hate me, basically.)  We all have beliefs, but I want to know WHY you believe it.  If you are using bad logic, I'l call it out invariably.
"created in partnership with bill gates" It's been a good run :/
16:09 what even was that
solution: soviets and politburos failed experiments that demamgogues and propagandists push: democracy, liberalism, etc
imagine being able to convince people that private ownership of the means of production isnt good and having democratic and social ownership would literally solve most problems just by allowing real solutions to be formed.
Imagine getting randomly picked for a government position like its jury duty
love this video - You should read the book "Thinking Fast and Slow" (you probably already have) - did anyone else notice at 21:21 his watch is no longer on? And 22:29 it is back on.
I missed you
Not gonna lie, this is my favorite video I think he's ever made. It's captivating, thought provoking, and as relevant as ever. Great video
Or is it
Hey Michael i have a question what would happen if sound and light switched speeds
3:00: they do be vibin
I love this video because it’s super eye opening, but I feel attacked because I have a “reason” for everything I do. Down to the way I wear my socks, I do it for a predetermined reason that I concluded on my own. And this entire video is making me question all of my reasoning for everything I do and have ever done.
Doctor: You have 29 minutes to live.  Me: But this new Vsauce video is 30 minutes long!  God: I'll allow it.
Everything you said is true, but if you allow those darn rightists to debate then peoples feelings will be hurt because their opinions are offensive :(
5:06 hey! I’ve seen this one before!
Lottocracy is filled with holes, but interesting idea
* smart twerking *
Finally 🎉🎉
15:40 Programming in a nutshell
Can tell hes had ayahuasca hehe
Me: Sees that Michael uploaded (*can't watch right now cos I'm busy*) Also me: Likes the video before watching it
wow
Michael! please make a video of being multilingual
Thank you Michael.
hey he remembered his pasword
I applaud your effort to bring reasoning up as a topic to be reckoned with and dissected by the average American. I don't appreciate you're mixing in your views on global warming. Please show me the instrument that is used to determine the Earth's sensitivity to carbon consistently and scientifically. It doesn't exist
Why you got to call me out about practicing medicine and working on cars? I feel attacked!
"brilliant scientists" are not in power lol
Damn, the idea of a lottocracy sounds so idyllic. If only.
It may be a shock to many people here but his name is Michael, not Micheal.
Finally
The finishing of a Vsauce video is like reading the final page of a good book, or the ending of a great movie
My man came back from his ditch and gave us our yearly existential crisis
This is the first time I dislike a Vsauce video, I recommend you read the book titled Democracy: The God that Failed, by author Hans-Hermann Hoppe.
I swear every vsauce video I watch has failed to disappoint
*t h e  h i v e  m i n d*
"They're not mistakes, they're features"  -Todd Howard Liked That-
The iconic music starts at 5:48  You're welcome
A Vsauce video? Something must be happening!
You got through one of the most serious and important topics there is with such beauty but also a sense of urgency. The content of this video is exactly what the future of humanity depends on. Collective thought decides our fate, so if that collective thought has the ability to understand and accept what you explained, then we are eternal. If not, then gg no re, we have no reason to expect an outside force will impact us. We are doomed without ourselves.
Ik
lottocracy... have you met people?
I dunno, maybe I didn't get the point, but is this video really supposed to exist in the same timeline as flat earthers?
I got so happy when I saw this was 4 hours ago
Me when I see a new Vsauce video: The great has awakened once again!
And thus we propose Napoleon of Notting Hill in the modern day.
Thank you for making these videos
Nah.
Hey vsauce Where is my brain?
omg
Idk what the fuck he's talking about, but i'm loving it
Nice, I was due another existential crisis right about now
If offered otherwise identical products for the same price, one of which has extra seemingly-useless functions, I would pick that one. I think that's actually rational. Just because the functions seem useless doesn't necessarily mean they are, and by hypothesis there is no reason to forego them.
Except the fact that history inevitably repeats itself. Bravo to you Mr Michael. That was captivating. I'm still unsure where your major study lies. I've been subscribed to your channel for a few years now and you cover quite a range in topics. I'd guess philosophy, mathematics, science. But then I'm only doing exactly as you predicted i would as mentioned in the video. You're good.
Michael would find a way to be the first man on Mars for a 7 second clip in a video about the moon just because space is cool
I fear the crowd
‘Res’ (thing) ‘Pons’ (bridge) ‘Able’ (skill) 🤔
Doesn't feel like a Vsauce video
Vsauce uploads new video Me: be ready for a yearly dose of existential crisis
Indigenous ways of living and knowing answer so many of these questions!
gg
I see vsauce and I like
When you have to pay for school but vsauce is available
Amazing video.
can you make a video explaining why do we talk about our brain in 3rd person  and btw great video
Vsauce has some of the best content on YouTube hands down. He uploads so infrequently that it becomes a treat when he finally does.
Haha, as soon as Michael mentioned "the crowd" I knew where it was going...WISDOM OF THE CROWD!!!
The confusion continues.  taerg si ecuasV.
I want anything and everything to do with some form of lottocracy... Such an elegant solution!! I always love to hear from you, Michael! Keep up the lessons, they're always a blessing!
I feel like he just sat me down to tell me that we have entered a new age.
NEM FUDENDO SAIU VÍDEO NOVO, EU NUNCA ESTIVE TÃO FELIZ POR VER ESSA CAREQUINHA LINDA AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Chosing random citizens from day to to day life to figure out out how other random citizens in day to day life should live? And with a single term? AUGH, SOCIALISM!  Nah, I'm cool with it. It sounds like a great idea.
Can someone reply to me
VSAUCEEEEE YAYYYYY
5:48, THERE'S THE BOP I WAS WAITING FOR
I’m conflicted, because I very much agree. Is that just confirmation bias?
Vsauce destroying facts and logic with... facts and logic?
Michael what do you have say about CNN being exposed for pushing global warming? Oh wait your on their side gotcha gotcha
This music bussin
Next time on Vsause: why sanity is an illusion.
The 1k who disliked doesn’t have a fat and web glob of protein with the consistency of a blob of tofu.
everytime you upload god touches the earth right in its tight core.
this idea is immaculate, i love the idea of the debate chamber.
FINALLY
so reasoning is a lot like steel manning an argument by making it strong via opposition?
And as always, amazing video.
Hi me in 8 years
OMG IM SO HYPE FOR THIS
This is likely, by far, one of if not the most powerful Vsauce video yet.  Join Debate Club, hoolagins
what tf is he talking about
People chosen at random would not have access to relevant information. So experts would have to be brought in. Those experts would then be lobbied. As long as people offload thinking to corporations, and corporations want to exploit people, we are doomed. We must attack this problem at both ends.
Now I know he delivers incredible content..but seriously 2 videos per year is not enough for a vsauce fan like me
Ah..now we come full circle. So is laziness our weakness? Or some evolutional trade off?(idek what I just typed)
I understand like 5% from what he's saying, but still I somehow really enjoy watching these videos
My heart sank slightly with the gates plug.
10:26 Did Michael just reverse the gender of a meme and turn it into a logic puzzle? Amazing. (Probably not but. that's just. that is what it sounds like.)
this video applies to problems of today really well and i hope we all can take important lessons, values and information from this and apply it to everyday things, bringing us closer together as a society. in that meaning we may still disagree but can at least keep an open mind and enough reason to put opinions behind us so we can enjoy each other. love yall (and you vsauce) and i hope you have a good day.
These Vsauce uploads feelin more like episodes of a TV show instead of a 10 minute youtube video
Well done, bravo
Feels like a psychological anime 🤔
i missed you, michael.
Damn they really done corrupted our boy Michael. All this global warming shit is so political  Edit * oh my fucking God he's working with Bill gates. Please for the love of God don't believe this bs
After watching this video and reading the comments I've concluded people are literally like sheep.  We "herd" to what sounds appealing to us. Case in point I still belive that the answer to the married person riddle is still not enough information. For if we had all the information we would know if Marry was married or unmarried therfore only having two definitive answers, yes or no rather than having to assume that Mary was married.
dont be a libtard. the future of reasoning is "Biden what kind of ice cream is that"
This video is nothing short of amazing. I think about so much of these points constantly and these are not easy problems. I am soo glad you  made this.
No pls, I just want to sleep
Oh my god. This is hands down one of the best YouTube videos I’ve seen. It’s life changing and epiphany inspiring.   Everybody should know what it truly means to reason and how it really works.
This video felt so short! As always, amazing content. Wish more people would watch this and understand the message
I was swimming in the Caribbean Animals were hiding behind the rock Except the little fish
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeee
26:30 he starts talking about some real stuff. Got me thinking about the entirety of our civilization and why we run our country (and many countries) the way we do
Surely this is the precursor to an Abilene Paradox revisit
Vsauce
I am curently drowning in studies.  You've made my day. May the future be helped by better comradery and empathy.
The flaws are intentional, Those who can reach the most minds, are able to influence them. Through nonverbal, or verbal communication, people are programmed to think a certain way, Whether it is for or against their own values/benefits. A lot of bridges, don’t connect the valleys
Imagine Kurzgesagt and Vsauce collabing together just to explain why your anime waifu isn't real.           Or is it?
Book
Quality over quantity :)
I MISS VSAUCE
Thank you
YES
25:39 -25:50 something like ancient Greek agora. thank you Michael.
every time i see this man upload i makes me smile :)
Last
Michael has a way of fleshing out thoughts I've had and acting as a catalyst for my own self discovery. He makes sense of things so well.
hmm Quality of Quantity for sure :D
Damn I was hoping for 1 minute ago not 4 hours ago.
no Thank you ..
EARLY
Omg you just have randomly uploaded
Finally,  have something good to fall asleep to for the next month
Why does this have so many dislikes? :(
Hey! It’s VSauce day!
Awesome-ometer:)
Yay. A new video
1:55 thank me later
I am SO proud I'm here again to watch a brand new video!!
Daddy’s back
Thank you for coming back to us Michael!  You give the best type of content on YouTube and you are such an inspiration.
Noice
This could have been the first episode of a 4th mind field season
Finally I get to hear him say Hey Vsauce Michael here
mind is stored in the balls
yes he uploaded a normal video
Still the best channel on YouTube. Fun, educational, and poignant as ever!
I haven’t watch him long enough to know about the camels thing
The world stops when he says  "But,Does it?"
Eva moment
I’ve been watching this channel since I was in highschool. Now I’m 26 🥺🥺
Incredible video.  Thank you.
Where are your fingers? -The Pixies
"Communication allows us to even make other people extensions of our minds."  ONE MINUTE IN AND HE HITS US WITH THIS SAUCE
Honestly this is one of his most important videos. I think we should listen.
What a breath of fresh air compared to the inane drivel that’s usually out there.
LETS GOOOO
Bravo! Bravo! Another masterpiece, literally clapped out loud because this is one of your greatest works!!
Thank you very much! 👏❤️🙏
It's always a good day when Wisdom posts a video. Granted that day is rare but still...
Here, Hey Michael Vsauce.
Vsauce is no doubt the greatest youtuber of all time
Hey vsauce,  biannual dose of internet here
Hi guys! Glad we could all come together! See you in 6 months 💕
Damn bruh. It's almost like humanity was never supposed to leave the dark ages and now we are nothing more than a cancer in the Earth. And it's looking like earth's immune system is pretty strong
1:15 Me who studies math: I think it's a bit one sided on other people's part👀
"The organ we use to reason takes millions of years to evolve, but the fruits of reason grow rapidly and are ever accelerating" _DAMN_ straight poetry
Did vsauce really just team up with gates? This just means a book he bought is written by gates.  Or is it?
I live in the Bible Belt so if I use a group survey to make decisions the answers would still always be wrong.
michael doing tiktok transitions now
Imagine if Michael uploaded daily....
bruh i just had my cognitive psych final lmao this is like a review
He's back!
I wondered if we had to wait another 3 years for a classic episode, I’m glad you delivered.
Here's our yearly vsauce video rations everyone
!!!
🙄
that was hell of deep topic ... but a pretty interred one
Da Ikea Chair
Vsauce: The industrial revolution and its consequences...
If the 8 richest people in the world put literally any money back into Clean energy, and waste management, we would have literally no problems with maintaining balance in the  ecosystem
Yesterday jontron uploaded, now vsauce? Is it christmas already?
I was just searching v sauce videos and I was blessed with a new video
VSauce main channel upload? happy time :)
All good , except power and money corrupts most people. Corruption in governments is rife globally and with that,  rational decision making is many times thrown out and replaced with decisions based on greed which only favours a select few of the crowd. Many of the bad consequences of mankind's collective evolution are due to such irrational actions that purposefully select worse solutions to maximize profits of some kind for a select few. This is not 100% the case obviously as we have progressed and continue to do so. I just think you failed to address the fact that people dont always work together for the greater good of all and many times such debates are a case or good vs evil. For example , the world wars. Reasons were opposed, communication and debate had broken down , to the point where entire nations of people were fighting and killing each other. Where does that fit into your notions of the future of reasoning? Wars are still happening and bigger wars are still to come. You paint a rosy picture of a sinless society , i wish the world was like that, but history tells me a different story and as you said , history is the future. While we do experience some good fruits of humanity in between these bad moments ,  in the greater picture of things over time - humanity is destined to fail.
Your sound engineer is a savage <3.
The music and atmosphere in this episode is absolutely heavenly, there are no words to describe the feelings. This channel was always good at that
what was first song?
“Where is your mind” reminds me of that pixies song
Who are these 1k dislikers u ask? THEY'RE THE FLAT EARTHERS
Noiiice
Heck yes! Thought I was going to bed until I saw this upload. Love your videos. I wouldn't stay up late for many others videos, yours are so worth it 🤍
here before 100k likes
I pray y'all are listening to Papa Micheal right now.
Vsause videos are basically shower thoughts
Love the idea of the lottocracy. Pity it will never be implemented.
The classic, "HEY VSAUCE, MICHAEL HERE!"
Virgin eloquent vocabulairy VS Thad hivemind.
wake up babe new vsauce video
Michael!  Vsauce here.
0:04 Most people tell me it's in the gutter. 😏
I found it a bit sad that we have people that we called "Thinkers" or "great Thinkers" implying that many don't even think enough to be called "Thinker".
Plot Twist: Paul wishes he was married to Peter
i wonder how many takes does he do to just say all of this. really is great
Hey Vsauce, Michael here 🎉🎉 love this channel and love to see new videos! Thanks Michael 👍🏻
My brain just got stronk.
3:04 meme template rh
he's back!!!!!!!!!!
Fucking Bill Gates... Every time.
FINALLY!!!!
I can’t be the only one who immediately thought of the ost “reasoning” from death note
And as always, very good job
so lovely to hear "going down" by jake chudnow again, classic vsauce tune right there :')
That was tubular. Thanks amigo.
He’s back
Good to be back. Hope all of you are okay in these times.
this guy is different  he starts off from the a-b-c-d and ends it at interstellar space travel
Mi día se volvió fantástico solo de escuchar la notificación del vídeo <3
yo early says comment?
If many people guess how many jelly beans are in a jar and you get a fairly accurate answer; then you shouldn't be advocating for a lottocracy. Human nature is to put yourself before others. The average of human nature is selfishness. Lottocracy fails to account for human nature, and in fact would only make the problem more pronounced. The US Constitution was written on the premise that humans are not naturally benevolent. The US government, by its original design, is not meant to be trusted by anyone. Why do you think the rich and powerful, like Bill Gates, seek to replace the constitution with their own vision? It's certainly not out of good will.
Bill gates? ....oof.....
Thank you. We need more debate- not just in the US, but worldwide.
We are a year apart in age. When I see your videos it reminds me how old I'm getting.
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=sGG-A80Tl5g Bill Gates is probably not helping the planet. he's the face of a massive power structure that has no choice but to grow by any means necessary.  but like michael says...we need more discourse.
I do like that Michael is wearing the same shirt as when he said prime numbers for 3hrs.
Brilliant!  “We will all someday be the ancients.”  Love it!
I think it's the first time I have to disagree with you Michael... I mean, we can know what is good or bad for our species, as long as we define a "moral action" an action that increases the chances of survivability for our species. If I am not mistaken, John Nash in game theory, stated that an individual should always choose what is best for him and his group. All we have to do is define "the group" as human kind. Also, a life dependend on hightech, is a fragile life. We are living at a very high altitude and our floor is made of glass.
The first two minutes felt like Epictetus talking <3
Vsauce posted got stop what I’m doing.
Good video, not a big fan of Bill Gates however.
0:47 Mind is blown
All Vsauce videos are mind-blowing. This is a Vsauce video. Therefore, this is mind-blowing.
This is all fine and well until you consider that the average IQ of the world is 100... Half of the world has a below average IQ. Reasoning only works well when the reasoning has the intelligence to back it up. Random people will reason like an average IQ person.  The REASON we've evolved this quickly is not just because of our ability to reason... It's because people with high amounts of intelligence have reasoned and reached conclusions and consensus that progress us further.  Or would you like to leave all reasoning and decision making to a bunch of christian zealots?
Last week I was reading somewhere about lottocracy, and it could sound counterintuitive but yes, I agree this could be a great solution use the actual citizens to represent the nation and rationality of the group could make better (not as influenced by money and the status quo) decisions. Of course it's probable this could gave us bad decisions from time to time but overall could be bettter.
bee sauce
We need Michael back in Joe Rogan
Et tu, Brutus..  bill gates... Your turning libtard? Social media democracy??? Where??? Right is silenced... Rudy Giuliani just got raided by FBI... No more freedom.
i feel like we need more empathy than logic
One of the many wonderful things about this video is how my negative impression of 'group think' has been turned on its head
The great filter to all advanced civilizations is greed, which in turn will eventually destroy them
Anonymity plays a large roll here.
Ugh. Can everyone please stop working with Bill Gates and spreading the myth that he has all the answers?
wait Michael isn’t an elephant?
There is a very big take away from this video for me. I always wondered why I felt more introvert when I was asked to explain my opinion somewhere. The fact that reasoning is socializing giving me the answer. When I say I want to be alone or I don’t want to go to that get together I always, back of my head, just wanted to avoid discussions with people about different things.
Thanks Michael for another excellent mind blowing video.
Ayeoo... This video gave me a new sight and mindset.... Thank you Michael....
I think that ayahuasca trip changed Michael
DUDE I SAID I DON’T WANT TO GO TO ABC BURGERS
**Kant intensifies**
Another banger per usual
After watching this video, I would argue that lottocracy is more democratic than democracy.
Excellent.
The slow zoom in this video is POWERFUL
Wake up babe Vsuace just uploaded
I’m here for the meme
In collaboration with Bill gates?          We've lost him boys..
I love this channel, you don't need to post 24/7, this guy values quality over quantity
Michael, thank you
I dearly hope you’re changing the world here. Beautiful work
Hey Vsauce, Michael here, (unusual question)
I WAS JUST BINGING VSAUCE LETS GO
hmm
LOTTOCRACY
This has been the wisest half an hour of content I have ever seen.
<3
Ffing Confirmation Bias I hate it cuz I tend to have it alot even when I am trying to have an actual debate on which is the best option in a certain topic and I never realize it until the discussion was over and have my regret trip of the day
Omg ive been binge watching 6-8 year old vsauce video all week and now this? There is a God. Checkmate athiests
U r mind is like me... I also think this type of questions...💯❤️
I just wanted to appreciate the fact that in the first place i broke the language barrier, and took my time to learn another language to simply understand what people across the globe think, and this whole video is on such a high level, and my language is not good enough to instantly process bits of information, I'll have to re-watch it's 3 or 4 times more to truly understand the intention. Simply, my mind has been blown in such a beautiful way, thank you for creating, and you all - for interacting
when you build a system that is able to be model so effectively that though with disproportionate influence and game the system in way they breaks ... I feel like that is where we are or are rapidly approaching with the data age... assuming AI or climate change don’t knock us down how can you rebalance the game to keep it fair enough to keep the game going?
Whoa
HOW IS THIS VIDEO SO PERFECT I DON'T UNDERSTAND
Michael has a way of speaking that makes every monologue he gives feel like a dialogue. It's like you're there with him.
Eyyy, he's back.
May I ask one thing? Though I don’t know to whom am I seeking answer, but aren't reliogions have created some hyperobjects to which people can look up to? I mean they may be false or can't be justified by logics but elements of religions creates some sorts of hyperobjects.
"Its all preparation for a debate that never comes."   Look I'm not trying to be that guy that always says 'This is 100% Amurican politics lmao' but uh...      This is 100% Amurican politics lmao
yah take a look at the timecube man, that guy is very convinced hes right about something that doesnt even make sense
The beard... its back to 2012
Finalllllllllllllyyyyyyyyyyyyy !
I Reason that Michael will not upload again until the next Millenia
I'm glad to see that I'm not the only one who has imagined a far future where our descendants decide to resurrect us. Aside from that this message is incredibly important. Two thumbs up
9:27 he knew he said some deep shit right there 😂😂
I've always had a personal theory on societal structure that was focused on decisions being made between a community small enough to fit within that Dunbar's number of personal relationship and connection. The theory in its basic form is: as our minds work now having a massive country is counterintuitive and actually increasingly harmful to the people living in it as the country gains size and population. If we moved governance out of a massive overreaching structure and instead put all that power into a local form of government for each town or city (think the range of power a mayor or at the highest, a governor has) but build it in a psuedo-lottocracy that decides or reasons together for the benefit of all people and since its reach is entirely parallel to a society with Dunbar's number in mind I believe the decisions made would more often be in benefit to the greater public rather than being decided by a tiny group looking over a massive number of people, a number so large that the people within it just become nothing more than numbers themselves.
Love how this is VSauce's way of talking about echo chambers as one of the sources of misinformation out there.
I was watching you on h3h3 podcast recently so it’s cool to see you upload a new vid.
*OR IS IT*
23:37 who else immediately thought of the flat earth society?
This guy just doesn't miss
2:26 “This growth means that quality of life around the globe is rising.” Or does it?
I was just thinking about if there was any system that could avoid the trapping of out current system... the algorithm knew I needed a  lottocracy in my life!   ... I was thinking we need to get think tanks going again. (not made by corporate interest to come up with predetermined reason that they became) ...
I love you
This is your magnus opus until you best it again
why do we need money to onbuy things that we cant live without
Philosophy and critical thinking is dying ong
“We haven’t found evidence of life beyond earth”  Yes ok but that’s because science paradigm has stigmatized the notion they have been here and have been watching us but choose not to interact with us and have Off World Vehicles that outmaneuver our best fightet planes with ease. They’ve been here watching and monitoring our developments since the beginning of our known history and presumably may have been the reason why human beings homo sapiens developed so radically (Genetic corrections/alterations) that allowed a genus of Apes to develop. They accelerated our intelligence.   So an ultra intelligent species  would never interact with us publicly and directly—They push for human evolution because war and pain allow for growth maturity. They also take our attention off Nuclear Weapons development after the Trinity Test and the Atomic bombing a few wakes later for Japan and the cold war build up, Full out Nuclear war woukd mean  genetic mutations indirectly and directly to most leaving most of the land  barren unhabitable scorched all life effected—Thats when they decided to make blatant appearances in the countries  of the first ones to reach nuclear weapons development (They can trace these with ease) and even brought their craft  giant orbs hovering to Military Bases with Nuclear weapons and caused mass disabling of Nuclear Missile silos in the US and Russia, also mass sightings of these UAP craft glowing orbs following trucks and vehicles on busy highways causing engine failiures , just blatant sightings that threw the US and Soviets in a wtf. Because each side knew it was not an adversarial country these craft were WAY too advanced,  And Knowing our military’s psychological state of mind for each side, They knew if they didn’t distract these two militaries with something out of this world then it would be nuclear armageddon: So they intentionalky crashed their basic antigrav spacecraft “Offworld vehicles” near tnuclear AFB’s  for both countries which were retrieved—Whether or not the beings in the crafts were synthetic life forms designed for this mission is hard to say or whether they were actually the future versions of us destined to save mankind is hard to say. But we did retrieve these new toys this new tech and our science had not caught up to even beginning to even understand how they worked perhaps even now, and our material science may be hundreds of years behind to even duplicate the tech Or reverse engineer it. These craft were cleverly abd purposefully selected as the Toy Drops because the spacecrafts are so exacting  that they cannot be replicated or reconfigured with weapons and the tech can not be weaponized without destruction of the power source or spacecraft itself. They could perhaps be remodeled made smaller but thats  about it. So they are essentially mational treasures and some “ economies of scope”  possibly occured from gadgets and devices and sub mechanisms in the craft thereby may have been acclerated and perhaps seeded parts of american industry.   This is like The deep dive of it all: Mainstream Science will get the official change in paradigm after the UAP report is submitted to congress in June 5th  Right now: The Artifiacts and retrieved vehicles were quietly placed in private industry in a private corporation hand that is held in trust by the US GOV —Many High ranking Military and/or Gov Officials work very hand in hand with private defence contractors and typically these officials transfer to private defence contractor positions ( incentives higher wages $) And so Thats what happened— with many of the high ranking gov and military officials and a select 1 or 2 private defence contractors who were given the privelege to Examine these retrieved off world vehicles and off world artificats, and so these ex gov officals transfer to private defence contractors and wuth that they shift the Retrieved craft into private industry held in a trust. One of these said contractors is   Battelle Memorial Institute.  Its been memorialized now for its Service to the US Gov therefore it does not have to pay any taxes for its developments. It is held in very high regard.   And lately they have been overseeing the privatization and control of some the US’s highest tier national research & development labs, such as Los Alamos National Labratory etc  So any Inquiry by congress looking into indirect and partial records assistancethat sectors of these labs may have played in the analyzing  of any aspects of these Retrieved Vehicles even storing slmething in a specific lab for a specific period of time even scientists from these labs that may have worked on some aspect of a compartamentalised reverse enginnerring and analysis, congress will mever get permitted access despite any bills or motions they pass, the records are all in private industry and controlled by Battelle Memorial Institute.    Any retired scientist or active scientists that worked in these national labratories to run tests for the material or that were even selected to work directly on the project, will have their livelihoods pemsions salaries cut off and battelle can easily restrict withhold any information or records of them actually working in these labs. They have complete authority over the flow of information and they don’t have to cooperate with anyone in the US government. Freedom of Information does not exist in private industryand private industry can easily withold evidence even if their is an inquiry.   There you go Vsauce the truth in a nutshell
Option B was obviously right smh, I did the research.
I have to admit when I was younger, I was really curious about everything and as I'm getting older I realise that curiosity is fading.
Hello
I wish he was my class teacher
Somehow he came to the same conclusions as I did sometime ago and that scares me
I've never been this early to Vsauce video
michael i hecking love this hecking channel. big existential crisis. pretty sick.  i like the stuffs my head think about bc it make it go stronger and flexer. durable mind. :)
how do i super like something
I’ve learned from this channel than I’ve learned from all the years I’ve been at school
That's a thinker
3:00 methane has lopsided electrical charge?
can someone pls make an awesome-ometer?
Absolutely mindblowing! Just hours ago, for some reason, I was thinking about VSauce and even checked his channel for new vids. Fast forward to now, we get this video.  I don't know about you, but I seem to get this near misses often. Like I'm thinking about something and then hours or days later, I am in a situation that involves said something.   For example, for some reason, I was thinking about how magic works. Then, a couple of days later, I had a conversation with a friend talking about magic cards. I didn't steer the conversation to magic cards, my friend just blurted it out.  Anyone experience something like this? And does this phenomenon have a name?
This is a good one, glad to be here day 1!
I actually LOVE the idea of the lottocracy. I've always thought more decisions should be put to the general population more, but this misses the important deliberation that Michael talks about!
so reasoning is socializing mechanism for effective communication , that's deep !!
Or is it?
5:47 no one: me: vibing
Teacher: Lectures for one minute Everyone: _not paying attention_ Michael: Makes a 30-minute video Everyone: *_YOU ARE A GOD AND WE WILL HEAR YOU PREACH_*
Vsauce partnering with a man who is currently refusing to share vaccine formulas and has managed to accumulate enough wealth and power to do so unopposed. 2021 just keeps finding new ways to be garbage huh
You may not be an elephant, Michael, but you are awesome!
michael is not an elephant
all very nice stuff, but have you considered that no matter how wise our reasoning is what if our biases are our perceptions themselves what if we differ not because a diffrence in the power of our reasoning, but rather a difference in what we precive. evidence for this can be demonstrated by seeing how all the great minds, extremely powerful reasoners, of our generation and the generations before and after will differ extremely in what they think is true. the difference between the world and logical puzzles is in a puzzle the principles are set(agreed upon) but in some certain aspects of the real  world the principles are diffrent.
Oh no, not Bill Gates. The man's got a superiority complex.
lottocracy sounds great but the people in power will never give up their power
Pobre e inconforme Michael
The king returns
Ray Kurzweil vibes all the way
He’s been a little off ever since he isolated him self for days
“Or is it?” 🤓
this video is unreasonable
Michael: *Uploads Me: *Happy Vsauce Noises
EARTH IS FLAT... lol
Interesting, never heard of a lotocracy before but i will remember it. Thanks for another good one Michael☝️🔥
But I still don't know what I can do... aside from speaking with what little money I have by donating to the causes I believe in, and buying eco friendly produce... suppose I'll have to read Bill Gates' book. The future is terrifying.
What mindset does a person disliking this video have to be in? All the lone reasoners that can't be broken from their hypnotic state of bias
WOAH LOTTOCRACY
He Has Returned!
*The return of the god*
Moral of the video  Overthrow the governments
Stochocracy !
Who else unsubbed when they found out Michael is not an elephant
Behavioral inertia like reliance on fossil fuels and fear on nuclear energy?
Early
25:45 a day where everybody comes together to debate opinions... thats gona end in  "the Purge".
When the Vsauce music hits, you know Michael  is getting ready to drop some knowledge on us.
0:05, the long awaited sequel to: "Where are your fingers?"
An "Awesomometer"
"It's all preparation for a debate that never comes"  Damn, true
Day 4 of commenting caterpillar on every video that gets recommended to me
He is back
Professor V has entered the lecture hall
I'd like to propose a discussion session to confirm my positive biases towards Michael
When you're winning on an online debate and they started to throw ad hominem at you:  12:16 *that's not how reasoning works*
20:46 I think that Jake Chudnow should release this track called 'For Leah'.  Reason? IT'S AMAZING TO LISTEN TO AND RELAXING.
5:45 The sound of the meaning of the intrigue of the zone came up. Listen up!
19:44 As a GME shareholder, l have a PhD in Confirmation Bias.
This seems to be a really drawn out and complicated way of telling people who have determined, by the evidence they have been exposed to, climate change is not primarily cause by humanity, are too stupid to know they have come to the inaccurate conclusion. Thanks Michael.
I just wanted to thank you, on behalf of the YouTube community, for making content that informs and empowers the newest generation to become and reach their full potential
Vsauce silently calling out twitter users
This is so based. What a banger
Great video vsauce
This wasn’t in my sub box but luckily it was in my recommended
I think that this video is good. Change my mind haters.
We live in an oligarchy and i dont like it 😡
Heeeeeyyy Vsauce, consistent uploads here.
michael noooo don’t partner w bill gates ur so sexy ahaha
He’s backkkkkk
^_^
We are bone and meat mechs, our skull is the cockpit and the eyes are the cameras to see out
this channel teaches me a lot
Listen up world and society. Take a second to educate yourselves and consider everything. Especially you America and American society. This is an important lesson for everyone
Why is it surprising that the whole rest of the world using significantly more concrete than a country with 5% of the world's population?
Michael.. you don't honestly believe this message you just told us.. do you?
I love this video. I can come up with some reasons why I love this video, but truly anything that I say will just be guessing. All I know is that I've come to the conclusion that I love this video.
30 min Vsauce? Nice!
dude i saw this thumbnail and checked the date before clicking
Amazing
This video made me scared in what to believe in, I don’t know if I know anything,
We should probably buy Michael a massage for how badly his shoulders must be hurting
Twitter in a nutshell
communism is the solution
No ads btw
Yes Mikey sauce go on fuckin banger vid sick loved this one gwon lerd yes yes great thinkin great talkin
The best teacher.
Michael, please stop stealing my body parts. You still haven't given me back my fingers, I had to type this with my tongue!
My “mind” hurts (in a good way) every time I listen to you.
Pixies reference intro?
the universe will always be smarter than us
The man, the myth, the legend
Here at ABC Burgers you can everything for just $1.23!
All elephants are awesome, Michael.
Thank God I held my 4G for the whole month. That's what I pay the cellphone bill for.
This is why I like math as there is generally only one or one set of answers that are correct and why I hate poetry as there are no limits to the answers
"The impact of emissions on our planet is not going to be the last hyperobject we face..."  Yeah someone tell that to climate change.
30 min with no ads, respect
hey bestie how u been
I mean, its a great concept but the lotto system could also end up being exploited by those running it
Ah yes the eighteenth Angel
Michael shaved the large excess off his beard and now he doesn’t seem like a crazed maniac. Interesting
LETS GOOO VSAUCE
It about time i fianlly hear him say or is it i haven't heard him say that in awhile!
1:55 yo why's the music so different? It's great and works, but it feels a little off on this channel.
wait but...we don't know if mary is married, which is why we don't have enough information...right?
I solved the question before I watched it, I think like micheal
Oh boi, here we go!
I hate the anti christ (bill gates)
CHRISTMAS IS HERE!!!
Fast communication exists for true democracy, it's called the internet. Security and assuring 'one person one vote' are the remaining issues.
Best Channel in entire YouTube.
Octopuses would like to have a word with you about your assertion that we're the only ones with the ability to infer things.
im vsauce real
Goooo Michael.
Michael from Vsauce for President 2024
Michael cut his beard?
Sorry Michael, I love you but Bill Gates is an idiot who pretends he's a prophet about all kinds of things. I don't trust his ideas nor his words as a result of what I've seen. Furthermore, CNN has already kinda confirmed they will push climate change as the next big thing to get people afraid of because "fear sells" as they were exposed putting it. People like that wanting me to be afraid of *anything* makes me question whether I should give it even a second thought. Further-furthermore, I believe the statistic is over 98% of all air *and* water pollution to our environment comes from china and india, so really we need to be shaming them into changing their ways, as opposed to contorting our ways or businesses or agricultures or industries to try and appease Greta Thunberg or whatever.
I hate to be that guy, but what's up with the general lack of visuals in this video? And is anybody else getting a green bar at the top that just sorta... stays there, and maybe turns pink for the couple of times it's not just Michael speaking directly to the camera?
Well when the future generations wonder how we F’d everything up, at least there will be this YouTube segment explaining our reasoning.
This man is incredible
been a while since I heard the sexy "Hey vsauce, Micheal here"
Fuck yeah Vsauce covers climate change lets go!!!!!!!!!!!!
I was watching 30 minutes if useless information and immediately saw this video and was like. Hey thats it
yessssssszsss!!!!!!!!!!!!
Holy shit. This was the most satisfying shit I’ve ever watched... Combining ideas and questions that I completely blocked off with stuff that I’ve actually thought about really makes me think... I can actually see a still blurred image of these ideas, but for once I can see the faint lines that tie things all together :O
Sorry I can't come to work I have government duty
1:38  ONE MORE GOD REJECTED
6:05 - 6:17 then, perhaps hapiness can be the end goal of an individual, but not that of a society; we must keep going.
You may not be an elephant Michael but you are awesome.
30mins knowledge without even one ad , Respect.
astounding content, you awesome elephant
What the heck was that after he said “rock the boat”? It made me feel uneasy.
I thought I heard this already from Vsauce, but I actually heard it from kurtzgesagt. The intro is so similar, but with cartoons and different narration.
no
Where is my mind? So bold of you to ask Michael.    Yawaaaa
Tackling a subject - even such as controversial to many - is consequential for the informing of many. So thanks Michael, for another great video.
A jury is not really a lottocracy.  Jurors are rejected or dismissed all the time.  I'm sure if we had that system for a government, someone will find a way to manipulate it.
Oh, Yeah
Wait, what? Vsauce uploaded something? Wait let me first -  1. Like the video 2. Share with a couple of friends 3. And then watch the video.
BUT!!! Vsauce how to reason with a woman????
I already found the answer its Jesus good bye science.
Hella yeah
vsauce and jon tron upload a new video at the same week...spooky coincidence
Wake up babe. New Vsauce video.
:Oi, have never seen Vsause Upload...
Vsauce is an important man
After watching this, I realised this video some day in future will have  became ancient video material of knowledge.
always awesome Mickey
Where've you been I got tired of rewatched all your old videos
This is all the concepts that i go crazy about whenever i take LSD. This might be the best Vsauce video
Unpopular opinion: one 30 min vsauce video every 6 months > three 10 min videos every 6 months
Incredible video. These last two videos are really great and well thought through. :)
Hey Michael are you an elepant?  11:33
When the world needed him most...
Wow what a masterpiece. Great topic and great conclusions
As a Michael, I have to agree with being Awesome. 100% wish I were an elephant.
8:55 I think he may have goofied
What I’m hearing is that everyone is a sociopath
This video was awesome, definitely had to focus a little harder to grasp it but I got it. Basically we all have to come together to solve major issues (in simple terms but not disregarding the truth behind reasoning and it’s role in society)
Sorry cant understand anything
Michael concentrates a year's worth of content into one video
bruh dad i love you
Yesterday kurzgesagt uploaded a video and now vsauce. Is it christmas?
When you overthink a simple thing but in a nutshell.
So Vsauce is Alivee !
Wow it's hard to make a coherent comment because there are so many different things I wanted to comment on throughout the video.
i love v sauce but i thought we all hated bill gates
We don’t even have to wait 2 minutes for the classic “...or is it?”
Nuanced discourse between each other is something we desperately need
Michael has the phenomenal ability to make anything interesting.
Thank you vsauce for the monthly existential crisis.
How to stop the climate disaster  Step 1: Abolish Capitalism
💀Where have you been. I'm glad your back!!
Honey, wake up! New vsauce vid just dropped!
I love how everyone is praising the video over here in YouTube while there are people in Twitter screeching.
Michaels videos are just a compilation of shower thoughts
Amazing video, as always! Greetings from Brazil.
Arigato Michael Sensei!
Notifications: Vsauce Has uploaded a new video  Me and the bois(6 feet apart): LETSSSSS GOOOO
This is one of the top 5% best Vsauce videos thank u Michael
Two minutes in and already, extremely profound and important thoughts and realizations are being shared. Thank you for endlessly stoking my curiosity and helping to shape me into the curious, life-long student I am today. You will never see this comment nor know who I am, but you have been incredibly influential in generating my interest in sciences, anthropology, philosophy, sociology, and countless other fields. Thank you.
thank you 🙏
Ya, in regard to the jury comparison to selecting random people to run the country, the problem is jury selection isn't random.
It’s inconceivable that content like this is free and that this man right here hasn’t done anything but good to the world.
NEW video LETS GO!
Future reasoning: 404
Imagine randomly electing a group comprised of flat earthers and anti-vax conspiracists to govern the world.
This is the greatest video essay of our time, in terms of scale, value and quality.
this upload made my day
Not only do we have a new vsauce video, but a 30 minute one??? Michael is the man we don’t deserve :)
The brain was the only organ to name itself too
Thank you for returning micheal
time for me to have another existential crisis
Always bringing up new ideas I had never thought about. What if politics were a circle, instead of a pyramid with a chain of command.
HE HAS RETURNED
We are here again, or are we 🤷‍♂️??
Pepe Silvia
4:58 stopped watching there. maybe spend more time observing the world around us and less time reading Bill "Population control" Gates and you'll realize we've already found evidence. See the UAP videos that have been declassified recently by the Navy.
In a lot of ways, this could describe current racial issues.
GREED is the word you didn't show on the screen. We don't need more reason in people, we need LESS GREED. Talk all you want about science, it's not what drives the human experience as a whole. You and I are the minority, and curious individuals don't often shape society on this planet. The great filter, is GREED
that video is thicc
MANS OUT HERE WITH THE 30 MIN
All that for a bunch of nonsense. Sound and Fury signifying nothing.
Thank you Vsauce, this was a great birthday present.
The king is back 🌀👄🌀
Simple. They can just cozy up to the experts.
A lot of good info in here, but be cautious. "Reason" isn't always the best facts, sometimes it's just the loudest facts. That whole thing about random people coming to a consensus sounded oddly distopian. Mob mentality is unstable. Sometimes the mod does something good. Sometimes the mob does something bad. But there's power in numbers.  I'm brought to mind of all those terrible grade school group projects with randomly assigned groups. I'm a soft spoken and anxious person. Sometimes I would intensely disagree with the rest of the group, but my voice didn't matter. 5 tyrants isn't always better than 1 tyrant.  Democracy is a good thing, people deserve the freedom to live their best life. But not all reasoning is created equal. In a hateful society, the hateful reason is stronger than the loving reason.  Critical thinking is good, keep it up. But reason compassionately. Consider the greater good rather than 100% pure self interest. Much of our reasoning is more than just having the best facts, there's much more complicated psychology involved in convincing people of new ideas. And what can be used for good can always be used for evil if we're not cautious
Michael right after Jake Chudnow drops: "okay, time to make a video"
VEE SAWSE
Sooper
The man is back.
5:48 Ah, yes. The sound I have longed to hear.
Where are your fingers.....?
Bro I am watching this so stoned my brain is melting
Based and Tedpilled™
Ever since he left that room, Michael hasn’t been the same
wunderbar
*Prov.21:* 2All a man’s ways seem right to him, but the LORD weighs the heart.      *Rom.1:* 18But God shows his anger from heaven against all sinful, wicked people who suppress the truth by their wickedness.   19They know the truth about God because he has made it obvious to them.   20For ever since the world was created, people have seen the earth and sky. Through everything God made, they can clearly see his invisible qualities—his eternal power and divine nature. So they have no excuse for not knowing God.  21Yes, they knew God, but they wouldn’t worship him as God or even give him thanks. And they began to think up foolish ideas of what God was like. As a result, their minds became dark and confused.   22Claiming to be wise, they instead became utter fools.   23And instead of worshiping the glorious, ever-living God, they worshiped idols made to look like mere people and birds and animals and reptiles.  24So God abandoned them to do whatever shameful things their hearts desired. As a result, they did vile and degrading things with each other’s bodies.   25They traded the truth about God for a lie. So they worshiped and served the things God created instead of the Creator himself, who is worthy of eternal praise! Amen.   26That is why God abandoned them to their shameful desires. Even the women turned against the natural way to have sex and instead indulged in sex with each other.   27And the men, instead of having normal sexual relations with women, burned with lust for each other. Men did shameful things with other men, and as a result of this sin, they suffered within themselves the penalty they deserved.  28Since they thought it foolish to acknowledge God, he abandoned them to their foolish thinking and let them do things that should never be done.   29Their lives became full of every kind of wickedness, sin, greed, hate, envy, murder, quarreling, deception, malicious behavior, and gossip.   30They are backstabbers, haters of God, insolent, proud, and boastful. They invent new ways of sinning, and they disobey their parents.   31They refuse to understand, break their promises, are heartless, and have no mercy.   32They know God’s justice requires that those who do these things deserve to die, yet they do them anyway. Worse yet, they encourage others to do them, too.
I'm down for a national deliberation day, but only if the deliberations are mediated somehow. I know quite a few people who think they know all the answers and subscribe to the "if you talk loudly and don't let anyone else say anything that means you're right" school of thought.
How is the wall skewed but also perfectly framed
maybe the Great Filter is the decision of most intelligent species to stay on, and becoming completely symbiotic with, their planet of evolution. also Bill Gates partnered with this video? I have never before been so leery of the corruptibility of a lottocracy.
Thank God for your birth
Please for the love of God, reason, and logic- do some episodes on logical fallacies. Confirmation bias is one of them, but PLEASE do more. Because even in small social groups where you can have the discussion and reason in a format more in line with what our brains are built for, it does little good when the people you are discussing with have no idea what logical fallacies are, or worse, know but simply hand wave them off as a "nit-pick" or "just book smarts," in favor of their godly and almighty "common sense" that they have amassed over a lifetime of never leaving their hometown or studying anything of any impact.   And holy smokes, logical fallacies practically power the US. At least, in terms of any kind of disagreement. Worse, they are hardly touched on until college, and only then if you take the right classes.
They say that the general consensus is more accurate than any one person time and time again.  *Just after hearing that, I played some Among Us with some friends.*
babe wake up, new Vsauce vid just dropped
Honestly one of your best most well written videos ever created. I honestly hope that someday we may be able to progress in this country to some form of a lottocracy.  If everyone thought a little bit more like you this world would probably be a much better place. I feel convicted now to deliberate and try and understand other peoples viewpoints more earnestly.
5:48 TINGLES
Hmm, it doesn't matter if we have all the good reasons to change the world.  As long as the powerful people continue to hold on to their money, nothing will change.  Most of us are not the people you need to convince.
VSAUCE 2024
Wake up babe, new Vsauce dropped
This is just a really long advert for vsauce to achieve immortality by the quantum recreation whatever future
the only thing my mind is communicating rn is how bothering that the subtitles are trying their hardest to not match what he's saying
Michael: "I teamed up with Bill Gates for this video"  Trumpettes: "m m mamma said Bill Gates is the devil"
"Or is it?" *Vsauce micdrop*
YASSSSSSSSSSSSSS!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
VSus
Bill Gates is the enemy of the world
There are so many people out there that are too stubborn to ever admit they're wrong, and those people are a waste of energy to try and convince, even with solid evidence.
ok
In Ireland we have a system called the Citizens Assembly. Where a large group of random citizens come together to discuss and debate pressing topics, and then recommend conclusions to government. It has been very successful on many issues
i'am soooooooooooooo happy that you upload new video <3
this viseo was amazing. very interesting. keep it up
13:57 "What if we don't even use reasons to reach conclusions? Well let's talk about" women.
Bill Gates also is preventing poor countries from getting the vaccine by stopping people from getting the patents so fuck him.  cool video though
Bill Gates also is preventing poor countries from getting the vaccine by stopping people from getting the patents so fuck him.  cool video though
That's an amazing suprise <3. Good night, everyone!
I'd recommend you to check on Philosophical Materialism by Spanish philosopher Gustavo Bueno if you really want to know what you're talking about on this topic.
yayyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy :D
Honestly pretty uncomfortable with a video in collaboration with Bill Gates. Feels a lot like propaganda.
God I love these videos. Such mind bending content.
Ikea MILBERGET chair.
30 minute Vsauce video with no ads, that’s my fetish.
LONG TIME NO SEE! ! ! !  😂
sponsores by Bill Gates......  this is worse than when Grimes got with elon musk
Top questions science can't answer 1. Where is your mind? 2. Where are your fingers? 3. Or is it?
this has gotta be one of his best
Omg! Is it my birthday?
Why are we trusting a man that wants basically genocide and is a monopoly holder on lots of shit on climate and other things?
Idk why but every time I check if there's a new vsauce video uploaded it's either a couple of hours or a few days old. Then, after I watched it, I kinda forget that the channel exists and it starts all over again. I'm not good at object permanence, I have add😂
Here before a million views.
29:00 was this the Omega Point theory of physics??
This is wonderfully expressed. Thank you Michael, this has given me a lot to think about.
1:26
He remembered the password!
Jubilee wants your location Michael
2 videos in a year/ no way
gotta be honest. i have no empathy for people. especially if i dont know you. id ont care about your opinions, i have my own. i dont care about your problems or your struggles, i have my own. 23:05 id argue that we CREATE more issues and over-exaggerate in order to create anger and division in a selfish drive to be the one who "found a racist" for example. the media participates too with headlines that go from slightly misleading to outright lies. 26:10 this has to be a joke. this is the worst idea ive ever heard. its creates an ugly slippery slope for how other things will be dealt with and it also creates a new class of people who have served vs those who havent and if you havent served then your opinion is worthless. and there will be rules to who can serve meaning some will be excluded and go on to create new "poor me" hashtags. can felons serve? drug addicts? can you serve if you owe taxes, child support or fines? if the group is made of 10 people and one is a celebrity, which in a random system can and will happen then their influence will alter the end result. and they can shame you online with a massive amount of people seeing it vs farmer joe who never used twitter in his life. im stunned you even suggested such a flawed idea.
What is the meaning of My Existence, Michael of Hey Vsauce?  Fr tho, what is the meaning of it? I cannot find neither joy nor fulfillment.
HE UPLOADED!!!!
If you guys really enjoy this video of making a assumption without knowing why check out the book "blink" by malcolm gladwell
Its not a bug its a feature.
Damn how I missed this
Comment.
11:59 every time I hear those two words put together I cant help but laugh.  Lots of people say it including myself.
Does anyone else watch his older videos on a daily basis?
Makes you think
When Michael said its hard to make change, I got up outside and moaned so loud it echoed through the neighbourhood
Damn how I missed this
Either his videos are becoming more complicated to understand, or I'm becoming more stupid
i feel like vsauce has never changed
On your left
A new Vsauce video is like a reward for rewatching all his videos.
My main issue with a Lottocracy is that it's such a stressful job that some people might not want to be a politician, or some might jump on the chance, but find that it's too exhausting. I get the ideas of it decreasing the celebrity status of politicians, but I think a direct democracy might handle that without the added stress of an average citizen being thrown into whatever position of power.
Wake up babe, new Vsauce
Me when the game updates and all the old bugs are still there- 15:37
this guy gets it
Videos like this make me less bummed about humanity.
People want kids less and less so that’s 40 year expansion theory needs to be adjusted. Having a family isn’t a universal dream anymore. It’s quite easy to find people who dream of being independent, and their goals are more self centered than family orientated. This trend has been increasing in the modern era.
Gotta be honest, even though I was really excited for this, this video felt a bit more egotistical than the normal Vsauce video. Idk if it was the collab with Bill Gates, and the information was good, but this didn't feel as wacky and fun and full of curious energy as the average Vsuace video and it felt more like a chat or chattering. Sure, this is something to think about, but thinking about this can only take you so far.  Maybe it's because I think that reason exists to serve the passions...  ¯\_(ツ)_/¯ Oh well. Anyone care to deliberate on this point of view? lol
This is a beautiful video
Babe wake up, a new Vsauce video dropped
oh, i thought this was the future of Raisining:   The process of picking grapes and drying them out to make raisins.
How to represent humans to an alien ? Make them watch Vsauce
Instead of using reasoning to come to conclusions, we use conclusions to come to reason. I think I saw that trick on a video called ‘How to Sound Smart’
I am a consciousness that is an emergent property of a complex series of signals that runs on a fatty meat substrate we call a brain.
A M A Z I N G !!! THIS IS EXCEPTIONAL WORK. These videos are unbelievably good, we don't deserve them 😲❤
No ads. You’re a hero Michael
1:46 Whenever Michael says something inspirational and uplifting, you know what's coming next......
Sees Vsauce post a video: Is, is this a real video? Yuuuss
This is a good sauce
I love when he uploads
Hey, at least we all used reason to come to one consensus. The Jaguars r gonna take Trevor Lawrence in the first pick of the draft tomorrow.
Yay Vsauce uploads
2:59 me and the boys after we got circumcise
This should be played in every school
Nice social theory,sorry michel and bill,but i dessagre. I don't agree reason exist OR evolved to be more sociable,but to interpret and react to reality on a more favorable way. However i agree that ideas should be challenged by everyone and compete,but not to what idea the majority agrees upon,but to what is more representative of reality. Glad to have you back tho,missed you a lot.
The human specialization of modernity makes a lottocracy difficult. You’d have situations where scientists would be making fire code decisions and construction workers would be making decisions about research funding. There is too much knowledge currently in the world for everyone to be able to make informed decisions about everything.   I’m not saying the idea is bad entirely - I think some more thought needs to be put into particular aspects of its functioning. Obviously that’s beyond the scope of a 30 minute video but It’s still an important thing to bring up.   Btw: this might the best VSauce video of all time. Definitely top five easily.
*I am not an elephant.*
Your videos are so immersive i didnt even realise it was 30 minutes
Years between videos and it is a propaganda lecture.
Fuck this is so far the best social system I've heard about 'til now
Define random
Was that a Stargate reference at the end....
Time to add some vsauce right to the brain again!
well I think i am in a reason cult now  thanks micheal  REASON WILL PREVAIL
always lovely to see Michal and his cool explanations of science I appreciate you teaching me better than my own school
Shæbæb
A Month of Deliberation each year committed to Hyper Objects. One national day will not do.
Vsauce is the first person to do a Bill Gates sponsored video and not make it feel like everyone is stupid but him
just watched the ayahuasc episode again and really understand why he is so openminded :D
this man is the professor's professor
'Truer' is the most depressing  piece of language that ever wandered the mind of mankind.
He fixed his beard😃
"Surely random people won't also be motivated by money and power"   Kinda disappointed in this
YAY VSAUCE YAAAYYYYYYYY
Imagine if you can use your mind in exams!
Lottocrazy! Brilliant!
By far, the number one enemy of climate activists... are climate activists. How many more people would have been convinced by now, if they weren't told that by the year 2007, the Great Lakes would have dried up? Or if they weren't told that in 2013, Florida would be under water? So on and so forth. The prophesies of doom are endless.  How many more people would have been convinced if, instead of absurd hyperbolic predictions, it were just "breathing dirty air, and drinking dirty water is bad for your health"? How many more people would have bought solar panels if the selling point wasn't "You're saving the world," but that "your expected yearly returns are greater than that of the stock market average"?
AYYYYY LETS GOOOOOOOOO NEW VIDEO
I already had many reasons to be subscribed to Vsauce. Now I am confused… Maybe 16.8M subscribers are a true reasoning happening?
sir can you please just tell me what you want to drink
Cult of personality is a good song
when the teacher on maternity leave comes back
This video has repeated a lot of things that I have been thinking for myself in the more or less recent past. Two concepts that were new to me are the social function of reasoning you started to talk about at around the 16 minute mark and the application that function you were mentioning toward the end. The reason for me having thought through a bulk of this video's topics myself is probably most likely due to me suffering from OCD which has shifted in the past ~2 years more towards a moral type of OCD (basically were you repeatedly question your moral values and in my case my habits -which is probably what kicked off my mind's focus in the direction of these topics). I basically have a compulsion to constantly and repeatedly reestablish a foundation of reasoning for why I do certain things or have certain values and believes. By the way: It absolutely sucks. It has been a basis for my accompanying depression, because once I started thinking like this, I fell apart more and more as a person. Guess what: In the end there are no universal answers to moral questions. I'm gonna leave it at that to not go too far down that rabbit hole. However it has been somewhat of a superpower as well. I believe it allows me more to understand opposite perspectives that deal with the same problem. I started to have less and less hard opinions on things, or sometimes none at all really. But it has made me very frustrated with discourse, especially on the internet. Michael has stated basically the most fundamental reasons in this video. I cannot understand anymore why people are this adamant in their believes on things. And why those believes have to be so binary. Why specific concepts and situations can't ever exhibit partly one and partly another property at the same time. How people try this little to relate. Plus the vast majority of people on the internet who build their career around bouncing off of other people's opinions in the typical way of sarcasm and condescension has become so unbearingly trite to me. I do get it though. It'll definitely get you the views... This 'superpower' allowed me to understand my stance on things as mostly generated by my intuition. And therefore as not something build from bulletproof logic. I just felt this way. It also allowed me to distance myself from the reasoning of other people with the same stance as mine, when their reasoning didn't align with why I had those believes. Even when at times I might actually not yet have had figured out my reasons for taking that stance either.  All that being said, having finally come across someone that puts forward these ideas that I have been having myself, has been a very very pleasant surprise. I'll be honest, it's not exactly like I was looking, but I guess the fact that this 'outlook' is not more common is part of my  aforementioned frustration. When I just saw the title, I was wondering whether this video was going to tackle the societal aspects and problems of the ways that people reason with each other, or about transhumanism (you got me there in the beginning, Michael). The last video you made on the topic of time has already been immensely fascinating to me. And although this one wasn't quite as thought-provoking due to me having already dealt with many of its ideas, I do like it equally as well. They most likely are my favorite two in your catalogue. Cheers!
This is appalling.
Let’s goooooo
Welcome back, good to have you Michael!
hey Michael
i agree and i think a more direct form of democracy and a revolution in culture should also be followed by seizeing the means of production, and control democratically our own resorces.
I swear this man is a genius.
This explains so much and gives a great answer as to why putting people at the top of decision making is a bad idea ( as we all know through experience). I think it's the best explanation for the evolution of reasoning.
Real Clark & Chalmers hours over here.
this is interesting considering how people are following orders from the cdc and who to stay apart, at home, and wear masks without asking for or expecting evidence for these life altering actions. evidence shows, all measures to slow the spread would have shown a change as projected, but yet the virus lives on, and has now spread throughout our species long enough to mutate. Had our world leaders been able to bite the bullet and let the young and relatively immuno-typical portion of the population participate optionally. We would of had herd immunity by now and probably less deaths overall. Too bad there are so many incentives for politicians and lobbyists to betray the public rather than to be their saviour. cash is more valuable than respect
"It's not a bug, it's a feature."                               - God, probably
“We need to hold leaders accountable, including powerful billionaires” “So anyways, I’m partnering with Bill Gates”
Brain is the same thing as the mind. You are very confused about what a mind is. You are stretching the definition of mind so far that it becomes pointless.  Decisions made by random uneducated individuals. Well, I guess that is very similar to how US Congress currently works. Both are bad systems. Leaving decisions to everyone is beyond stupid. It is easily exploitable. Can't wait for a brainwashed Chinese population to be in control of the world.   Orville has a great episode on true democracy. There is no Wisdom of Crowds. Crowds are stupid.
There is one more trick to remove bias and ability to make up reasons. Not everyone is good at finding reasons after all. *Switch sides.* Force someone to defend the very side they oppose. They will understand why the otherside might be true. If they switch their beliefs, tell them they won the debate. Sometimes people hold to their beliefs just not to lose the debate. Make the transition easier.
Yeah! Thinking Time!   Glad to see you again! 👌
OOOooohhh man... it's been so long since this kind of videos! Great content and hopefully more is comming!
I like to think we ARE brains, just connected to a Skeleton and skin
5:25  Your credibility, with me, just dropped 1000%. In my "not so humble" opinion, Bill Gates is one of the single greatest destructive forces, against good, in the world today.  He is an egotistical  megalomaniac in a cardigan sweater.  And I understand you could care less what my not so humble opinion is.
I missed this...
This girl has an onlyfans and she made it free
Finally!
"I.... Am not an elephant."
"The ancients of the carbon age"... now THAT is a cool title.
From "Where are your fingers?" to "Where is your mind?". Quite the evolution, lol.
Hasn't the internet greatly increase the amount of social reasoning? Doesn't seem to have helped much...
Why are you spacing 3 months 3 weeks 3 hours late
Here before 500,000 views.
master... I  missed you sensei, next time you leave tell us who to watch while we wait for you to come back!
I love everything you did Michael... but I miss the Vsauce format :(
Thx for some brain food w/extra sauce. Now that's the good stuff...
welcome back
Our own mind is a hyperobject Mike
Father God’s kingdom will come Allah,Father,Jehovah, God you’re the only one who can bring peace.  Thank you for commanding our steps and bringing this world into your light. 🌎🙏🏽
Nice
Wow 😮👏
love when vsauce suggests a form of anarchism, we need more democracy in our lives, not less, that's why we need to move to the left. people should be able to educate themselves and vote directly on issues that effect them, both in everyday life and in the workplace which is what socialism is, not government power but workplace democracy by giving part ownership of a business to the workers and not just the shareholders. imagine being able to vote on who the manager was and what people got paid and the rules for vacation time? thats why socialism seems inevitable to me, that or the end of the world, capitalism is the great filter
I didn't watch the video yet but that title goes so fucking hard
Michael: "history is a great teacher" Me: yea Michael: we will all someday be teachers ourselves… Me: yea, because when i grow up, i can share my past experiences Michael: …because someday we will all be history Me:
the dead channel alive
One day this comment will be forgotten in a pool of thousands of comments
3h
the idea that corporations couldn't cater to random people is flawed imo. Sure before they're elected they couldn't do much but once you're in office they can start offering cushy jobs and such to you to sway your opinion and that's all it takes.
you made a good decision siding with the gates, michael. we will be seeing you again soon.
This addresses the most relevant and pressing matter today. ... IMO. The insanity caused by widespread internet use is becoming scary. I think we need to reconsider how we reason, how we organize ourselves, how we get things done.
Omg I rewatch Vsauce videos every night to help me sleep, and I’ve just woke up again at 2:30am, to see he had actually uploaded :)
Thank you for making this video.
If this channel didn’t exist I would be 12% dumber
The start: where is your mind The end: why democracy doesnt work, lets try lottocracy
Thank you
"Logic is the beginning of wisdom, not the end." ~ Spock  I showed an anti-masker how their so-called "evidence" was easily disprovable, easily showing it to be a combination of lies and false claims, showing how masks save lives during a pandemic. Despite understanding me and seeing how their "evidence" was wrong and seeing actual evidence supports masks, their anti-mask beliefs persisted. Due to their intuition. Sigh.
finally!!!!
“The king has returned”
Nice
Ah yes, are quad annual vsause talk
I swear this guy is one of the fucking greats.
Trust your instincts over others.
You're move, Q Anon...
Let’s just take a moment to realize that he wasn’t reading a script throughout this video.
What a great long way to say, "Always question yourself and be mindful of others' opinions."  At least that's what I got out of it.
This whole thing makes me think about the soviets, and that randomization could take them to the next level they tried to achieve in social organization
So that kind of government would have the problem that the people making decisions would worry about what their friends, family, or any enemies they already had would think about their decision.  We could have a mafia threat situation where they publicly broadcast that if you don't rule the way they want, they will find you and...  It would devolve into a mob rule.  Unless it was completely anonymous, but then how could you prove it wasn't the same people making all the decisions.  Checks and balances.  Who watches the watchers, and who protects them from the mob?
1:56 *no music Me: visible confusion
I have a solution for the carbon emissions that you are so worried about: nuclear power plants.
Interesting that you fall into the reasoning trap you are talking about. Bill Gates ! Come on man get some integrity
You genuinely make the most thought provoking and encapsulating videos that i’ve ever watched.
I was waiting for the Vsauce music to kick in
Humanity for President
Michael! Good to see you again! Also don't listen to these comments. If it takes six months to make a piece this good then I'm happy to be patient. Good stuff my friend, as always!
Extremely exciting to see that the "social (argumentative) theory of reasoning" by Mercier & Sperber has now reached the mainstream. I recently finished the book, and I can only say that it is truly groundbreaking. While the works of Kahneman & Tversky (and the authors whom they inspired) seem to have been the focus of popular interest for quite some time – for many good reasons of course – Mercier & Sperber add, without necessarily contradicting prior views, in my opinion a much needed perspective to the subject of thinking and reasoning. Thank you for bringing this up, Vsauce.
This is the perfect topic for the current moment Michael
Ironic bill gates funded this given he so adamantly opposes the collectively reasoned consensus that vaccine patents should be at the very least suspended.
I want michael to be my dad
You know the video is gonna give you a existential crisis when he's sitting down
My fav videos to get stoned to.
I'm disappointed Working with a guy who pours about as much emissions as a country and talks about how everyone else is the problem
We spent so long wondering whether or not we could, we never stopped to think about whether or not we should.
It’s been so long
VSauce came back????
There is no future of reasoning when propaganda controls half the population
This reminds me how flat earthers try to create reasons after their conclusions that the earth is flat, rather than drawing the earth is a globe from real data that came before them. In the end, they ignore the data provided to them in an effort to preserver their original conclusions.
It is always weird to think that i've watched your videos for more then half of my entire life
lottocracy sounds more like it will be fixed by people who have money. Easiest corruption method is to cheat the lottery.
*The return of the king*
This... is true. Thank you, Vsauce.
In our times of communications, it should be easier to see how different reasons, even opposites, are as valid as their average. Isn’t this the future of the reason?
I thought it was another #Short when I saw Vsauce notif since the last video was only 3 months ago  Christmas come early bois! gotta grab popcorn and drinks
You’re cool
I (and I can’t emphasize this enough) love this. ❤️
Yes, vsause is back to these long videos again!
I'm actually kind of enamored with this lottocracy idea... I've long labored in thought about how we could really fix our political systems, and this idea kind of stands out for me at least on the surface as a real winner. I'm going to have to think more about this one. It's sad to think, though, that no matter what reform we might think is best for our politics, it seems impossible to enact any of them.
Imagine being alone in the forest at night, suddenly you hear “Hey Vsauce, Michael here. How fast can you run?”
:0
I missed these old fashioned Vsauce videos when it wasn't overly monetized and you had to pay to watch...
The first words i said seeing this video      VSAUCE LESSGOO
MORE VSOOS YESSS
The king is back. I can't express with words how much I love your content 💛
Yuo*
I would love a lottocracy
I’m too high to watch this right now... I gotta save this for later.
Hello
my man just scientifically broke down and exposed the entirety of human reasoning
GAMER RETURNS JONTRON YESTERDAY, VSAUCE TODAY LIFE COULDN'T BE BETTER
14:20 Okay hold up. Do people actually not do that to figure out how people are feeling? By what process do you figure it out? Is it like seeing colors where it's just so automatic there is no process visible to you, or more like listening to music, where you can sort of be aware of it in the background but if you want to really know what's going on you have to pay close attention?  People telling em all my life that autism doesn't make me *that* different from other people but this is a pretty major difference IMO. Like, we literally see people differently at a perceptual level.
Lost me at bill gates
The new soundtrack is interesting, kinda miss the old one tho  Wait nvm the old music is still there, nice
don't do this to me i'm supposed to be finishing my thesis
He's back
5:46 - It's 3am and I'm ready for this.
OMG I am so glad to see you posting another video with less time in between the last one
Reason will prevail!
Man I'm tired of all these natural disasters. Tornadoes, wildfires, earthquakes...and now tears are flooding the streets because Vsauce has uploaded again
Bill Gates is one of men behind the climate crisis, he and the rest of the titans of industry have blood on their hands.
Cool
Michael, thank you  Long time watcher and we love every second of it
Honestly I had this thought play lately and I came to conclusion that the best way to achieve an actual solution for problems would be some sort of king and queen “ruling” without any power but with all the knowledge. Then again the problem with this is it’s vulnerability to manipulation. Maybe king and queen aren’t real but rather a place of our imagination, a place where every individual has the same expectation but still his own opinion ?  I recon the main problem is reaching a solution to this question... because if we solve it we’ll be able to solve so much more from there. But than again I don’t see that happening
“The future of reasoning is the same as it’s past.” Good stuff. That lottocracy idea sounds like a beautiful way to have discourse and make decisions. It reminds me of what we are doing at my job right now. I am a high school teacher. We have been training, as a staff, to really communicate and not talk at each other. It works best in small groups initially - “small fires”. Like sitting around a campfire with about 5 other people. First, you talk and listen with the goal to understand, not to persuade others to your way of thinking. This first stage might take some time, days and weeks, depending on the topic. Next, your group can join the large group, exchange ideas further, usually with a representative for each small fire. Only then, do you start to consider getting into decision-making. It’s a skill that many of us decently educated adults don’t have.
Lottocracy uwu
"All elephants are awesome." "Michael is an elephant." "Therefore, Michael is awesome."  Teacher: You used the wrong equation but somehow got the right answer
Hence why I argue from a point of consistency, as we can talk back and forth about numbers on the Internet all day but ultimately if you think a horse is a mammal unless it has a pink hat then you're not arguing rationally showing your bias.  Also how much CO2 do volcanoes release compared to humens? And for that matter how much of a carbon footprint does Bill Gates many houses have or his computer company? Certainly big money wouldn't influence your personal views now would they?
The comfort of knowing everything could be like that, and yet the disappointment of thinking it never will
I just watched this man sit and talk to me for 30 minutes and I loved it. 5 stars.
I can finally watch this after school and tell my mom what I learned at school
COUPONS
wow... just wow
or is it?
Well, that was a lovely punch to the gut. Thanks for that
“Hey Vsauce michal here!” Ahhhh that’s good
Humans are rationalizing creatures, not rational creatures
i love this it gives me brain orgasms
so whats the "reason" behind this video 😹😆
Thank you Mr sauce!
Gotta thank Vsauce for letting us borrow his mind for 30 minutes.
Because this video was in partnership with Bill Gates I decided to unsubscribe.
0:03 HEY Vsauce Micheal here
If you loved this one (like I did), I recommend you the series of "The Story of Us" in WBW (Wait But Why). The topic is covered in a broader way.
hi micheal
What a great video, and seemingly a good reminder that most internet arguments are relatively unproductive. Humans are better working together, not against each other.
Me: I don't feel good.   V-Sauce But why  does you body not feel good? Me: Hold up what? 🤷🤔
This is what I'd like my idiology to be. Just... Constantly vaguely aware that I'm probably wrong but being okay with it.  Also a Lottocracy only works if we have multivac.
Logos.
I think my mind just expanded.
Why is It so hard to admit some people are dumb af? It's so discrediting to those who actually care about truth and real knowledge that people act like being dumb is just fine is ok.
Future of reasoning? That weird, I thought that, as well as common sense, integrity, and personal responsible were already dead.
So you’ve become a bill gates puppet now. I don’t trust gates at all
Sorry guys, I can’t go out this weekend, I got Congress duty.
All this stuff about reasoning and logic being the be-all end-all versus the commune really reminds me of The Witness's meditations and ideas on truth-seeking, and how logic is not THE way to seek and find the truth, but instead only a small part of it. Great video as always!
Thanks for introducing me to the idea of a lottocracy. I honestly like that, given a large sample size decisions should be actually hit instead of serving just as a recommendations or a bias.
oh my god new video
Holy fucking shit! 30 minutes of the dude speaking? Godddddaammmmittt!!!
That .. logic puzzle @ 10:09 got me F-ed up 😆. Even though you convinced me idk where my mind is... This riddle made me lose it 😭🤯🤯🤯🤯
This is a good ass video
Michael is the teatcher of the world!
the only thing I was missing now. thanks.
Music was good in this one especially at the end.Good work as always.
And he hath returneth!
and as always, i dont understand.
14:00 holy crap can normal people do that? im autistic
This made me think about Ireland's Citizens' Assembly and how it was used to make recommendations for abortion legislation before it went to referendum. 99 people, randomly selected, presented with different opinions and paid to deliberate in groups about their opinions. It was hugely influential in determining the criteria and tone of the debate before it was put to politicians who had very divided constituencies when it came to the topic. I find it so compelling that the assembly reached broad consensus when the population appeared to be divided. The problem with representative democracy is that not everyone has the time or resources to fully examine political issues, or the energy to be engaged politically through their representatives. I see Citizens' Assembly to be a useful application of deliberative democracy. It's like devising a thought experiment where you take a sample of a broader society and imagine they have the ability to form a coherent dialogue. Blows my tiny mind.
Vsauce: It’s more betterer if people reason together than alone. Me: there should be an app for that!
“I am not an elephant.”
Wow, your alive
This video is the reason why I'm in vsauce channel now and before 2years.... as after its
My alarm clock sound is Michael saying 'Or is it..?'. Works every time.
Can we just appreciate this amazing video y'all!!
Bill gates and all billionaires are dangerous lone reasoners
Hey vsauce here I'm dfpz
Hey he bacc
Michael is so intelligent. It amazes me that he still can't say "reasoning" but instead says "reasoneen"
The pixies had a song about this
our brain is an unreliable narrator  that is the first variable to consider when attempting to understand   the algorithm of  how everything /anything "life " works
0:40 I thought the brain was a muscle
Still waiting for my Awesome-ometer to get here
Why do these thumbnails make me feel so empty..
I literally had a semantics lecture today about logic and I kind of feel like you're making me revise here.
michael is the doctor
Michael, the way you explained some concepts, gave me what I needed to structure the explanation of basic ideas that were kinda floating in my PhD thesis (AI)! Thank you so much!.
so clubhouse is a good and bad thing
This dude legit makes me smarter with every video
i think i just witnessed the beginning of the revolution
Very very unique approach to this problem. Current philosophy student studying a very similar topic for my thesis, and I really appreciated this perspective.
"Hey Vsauce, Michael here"  Hello Michael it's been a while
Thank all that is good in the world, he's back
Actually, you put notes to tell your brain to remember
The people 500 years from now are screwed. Sorry futurelings.
Hey Vsauce! Michael Here!
I disagree with this because ABC burgers uses GMOs
So the problem is that people have biases and beliefs and the answer is group therapy.
Why is this video the existential crisis that I’ve been having for the past month
Imagine seeing the world after being dead for 5000 years
Intuition and instinct ARE a form of reason, however They are a product of evolution which is lowest common denominator.
Michael describing classism but in an apolitical way to help better the planet.  I love this man
WHERE IS THE "or is it?" MUSIC, Michael?
if you really think about it, the internet is crazy. this video could quite possibly be here until the end of time, assuming that YouTube and / or vsauce doesn't take it down.
Everyone gangster till Michael says, "...Or is it!?"
DUDE!! THIS helps me so much! I have been recently thinking about people's political beliefs and how things are way more complex than they seem, this video is based on exactly that!!!!❤️
Maaaan, I wish I had an Awesome-mometor.
Who would elect the random people to decide upon things? And their identities would have to be kept secret incase of some ill minded people wanting to affect to those decisions. Which again, would be problematic, since if their identities are hidden, their decisions could be forged to be a different than it was by the folks running the system.
This video has deeply touched my heart. Thank you Vsauce ❤
hi
Vsauce
It only took Michael 30 minutes to change my worldview.
I always hated how most politicians are lawyers and need money for campaigning. It'd be awesome if a civil debate could actually be held with people willing to listening voting on it.
Was anyone else disappointed when moon men wasnt played when he said "or is it?"  Edit: yay he put it in later in the vid ;)
as a musician i keep getting distracted that he's talking about "logic" and "reason" lmfao
PragerU could make a video with this title
Yes
So Michael, are you for or against Bill Gate's microchip mark of the beast?
I love this video and I love you, it's a holiday every time you upload
Awesome video.
“Where is my mind” -pixies
cmon we trusted you and you're gonna partner with the man who made his billions of dollars on ruining the environmment for a book titled how to avoid a climate disaster. You're asking the zodiac killer for tips on how to decode his messages to catch the zodiac killer
mmmmmm I see the Rationalist Conspiracy continues to grow, yes, yes, Big Yud will be pleased, time to read Tim Urban and Scott Alexander and fire up some Hansonian prediction markets
Ayeee Philosophical Michael is best Michael
I'm so glad he's uploading more often
Something about the way a vsauce Video is structured makes it so easy for me to learn and think critically about what Michael is trying to teach me about in a way that a lot of other things don’t
2:50 missed opportunity to say "unforeseen consequences"
socialist vsauce?
Been waiting for this
11:34 vsauce without context XD
wtf. this video topic is the most important thing. just that. and the video is so absurdly good and well-made. thanks michael.
Tbh, I really love the idea behind what Michael is saying, but I just wanna let y’all know so we can keep it in mind that it’s equally likely all of what Michael is saying is fueled by the very reasoning he’s arguing against: confirmation bias, lone reasoners, as most of what he has been talking about has more so been speculation broadly supported by a few studies. If that is true we have a bit of a paradox on our hands, but I just want y’all to keep this in mind. As much as I want to love what Michael is saying, I also want to temper it with caution. I hope all of you are mindful of this, even if you choose to ignore it (which, completely understandable).
>Talks about how to fix a climate crisis >Pairs up with literal billionare who could fix most issues immediatley
The last video was only 3 months ago!!! We are getting spoiled 😭
Let’s go the homework can wait
The return of the king
Its so accurate nobody uses reasons to make decisions and if you do lay down the facts and make a decision based on real thought out reasoning it can turn out to be worse than just using your intuition...
Vsauce always blows my mind thank you Michael 😊
18:31 coupon!
Some awesome ideas. Getting there could get messy. Jessy Ventura had the idea to put an option on every election ballot to vote for "none of the above". That might be a good place to start.
I loved your old content, it made me see the world in this fantastic view. It sparked my love and passion for physics.  I am here for this new content, I feel as though you’re showing me how to think critically. The world is a scary place but I know, with the help of Michael and friends, that we can and will survive through any turmoil.  Thank you VSauce.
Sorry but when globalist billionaires are willing to sacrifice their own wealth and privileges for the sake of the future world instead of telling the other 99.99% that they will have to, maybe I might pay attention to what they say.
I think this video was fantastic.
lottocracy = random people. Okay, who manages the spinning wheel? More random people? What spinning wheel chooses them? The experts? Who says they're experts? What if I disagree with them? Michael, you're talking about how this is an escape from corporations through a partnership with a corporate billionaire. You've gone insane.
I love you vsauce. U the goat my man
He's back He's back Hes back
sounds like reasons for socialism. if you say no, ask yourself why and if you know what you're saying no to as well as no with
Damn ! A lottocracy seems more suitable for us right now than Democracy  Or mabye there's something even better !  Anarchy. Meaning no ruler, that would mean every person just does what ever they want and it would naturally set us on the right path. Just like the guesses experiment with the Jar
Michael crossing the line between science and philosophy. And I'm OK with this.
lottocracy what an idea
bill gates :((((
Vsauce: *uploads*  *everyone liked that.*
Freakin genius
yay vsauce
"The LORD said, 'If as one people speaking the same language they have begun to do this, then nothing they plan to do will be impossible for them. Come, let us go down and confuse their language so they will not understand each other.'"
Noice
The legend has returned
15:36 Todd Howard is gonna love this bit.
I’m impress by the sound mix quality. Excellent video.
THIS DUDE DONT MISS
Vsauce is the DaVinci of Youtube
WAKE UP BABE NEW VSAUCE VIDEO
Hundreds of thousands of brains will watch this video. Why don't we deliberate on something in the comment section and see what happens. Topic of deliberation:  How many jelly-beans are in this world?
I missed you vsauce. You are the reason I enjoy learning. Thank you
12:38 So when you saw this video in your recommended list and the silent clip started rolling, did you imagine this exact music, along with Michael's voice saying "Hey Vsauce"?
Thankyou for bringing up logic!!! I took courses on it in college and it changed my life.
Yess. Vsauce is back
This is excellent. I'm a high school teacher, and I'm definitely showing this to my debate class.
Wake up babe, new Vsauce upload
I've been waiting for him
Ahhh the ending is amazing. True characteristic of every Vsauce video.
But what if Mary is half-married? Like, she's half-way through saying her wedding vows when she's suddenly stricken with behavioral inertia?
3:30 " We fix the problem by using the thing that causes it" Reminds me of that quote by Homer Simpson, "Ah, beer. The cause of and answer to all of life's problems."
choice vid brah
Thank you for doing this.
Damn Michael, you give me hope for our future. Thank you.
Love every video!
Super engaging, I wrote my University senior thesis on embodied cognition theory (which won a philosophy essay contest,) and this is a great way to conceptualize the climate disaster problem. So great to see Vsauce posting!
The future of reason: basically Jubilee Media
Thank you.
Gosh I love your content!!!
Bill Gates? Disliked. Unsubscribed.
Ecomns
YAAAAHHHHHH!!! Micheals back
Great stuff, keep up the good work Michael ❤️
i'd like a lottocracy, maybe
omg.... a new video.... GUYS A NEW VIDEO!
Im tryna be the friend he used the coupon on
Oh yeah, if the lack of resources doesn’t get us we’re definitely going to burn ourselves out in a million other ways. Maybe join a union...
@Vsauce you made a mistake in the captions at 18:30
WHY DIDN'T I GET THIS NOTIFICATION UNTIL JUST NOW?
VSAUCE UPLOADED
To me, it's not a good reason to do good to be a nice ancient. I would much prefer it to be good for the people who are still alive.
The king is back!!
22:28 Pardon, sir. Can you give a historical example of a situation in which people with disparate points of view were made to defend their ideas and, in defending them together, came to a more accurate conclusion?
Wow that was amazing
Yah, I knew one day VSauce would turn into technocrat propaganda. Sad about it, but I kind of always knew. Was good while it lasted anyway... I'm just disappointed about how many "science" shows are propping up this paid-for, 100% statistical, theoretical pseudo-science that ignores thousands of years of climate and solar activity history.  Hope the big bucks are worth it for you, scumbag.
this is comment #7,902
Alright ill make descendants so that they can bring me and loved ones back
Please run for president🤞
Nothing gets me more excited then seeing a new Vsauce video in my feed
Only Vsauce would be able to disguise an in depth solution to humanity's greatest threat of survival  as a free educational youtube video.
I can't tell you how much I appreciate your work and how good it has been for me that identify as the lone reasoner. Your work makes my world beautiful everytime I cross your path and you feel like a close friend. Thank you for everything !
Def caught that “logic big brain boy” Benny Peppino impression.
Michael. You Scare Me Sometimes. .
Honestly this video’s just put me in a funk. The idea of seeking unity in any grand capacity just feels so overwhelming and unapproachable yet  absolutely necessary for us to survive and thrive
Always welcoming a Vsauce video, but here's your daily reminder that Bill Gates made $22 billion during the pandemic and has blocked access to the patent for the Astra Zeneca vaccine to developing nations so that they can make it themselves because he owns a share of the profits made by selling the vaccine.
“We will someday be the ancients, and we can choose what that will mean.”  This hits hard
T W I T T E R
Please run for president lol
Love this channel.
So we should listen to Bill Gates regarding the natural "climate change"? And why exactly? Because he's an actual genius regarding the Earth's normal cycle between ice ages or he's a billionaire who has no idea?
Finally, someone is spreading the word about reason and the limits of reason. People have arrogantly stuck to reason as a truth-teller, forgetting the importance of accuracy and quantifiability of the assumptions the reasoning is based on. This arrogance has gotten worse with the misinformation on the internet and the reinforcement of bubbles caused by the isolation that the internet allowed. No, perfect reasoning alone does not reach valid conclusions if there is crucial information missing, being misinterpreted, or being wrong. Not to mention our tendencies to retroactively assign reasons to intuited conclusions. The problem is making sure all of this information is in order without bias is such a big effort, that if we spent the time to do so we wouldn't have time to form many reasoned beliefs at all, so instead our habits of specialization let us simply trust the information, reasoning, or conclusions of other people through intuition.  This is why I cannot hate people for their beliefs, no matter what they are. People with "normal" beliefs are just a result of the social structure and the people's willingness to trust the information they are given based on intuition. A conspiracy theorist, for example, isn't inherently less reasonable or intelligent, they just lack that social trust in the information the rest of society provides, and this mistrust often stems from the fact that all of us don't care about the validity of the information as much as we do the feeling of our conclusions. Distrustful people see this, and then have little information to reason with, so then the imaginative part of reasoning takes over.   I try to be self-aware of this constantly, and just accept that a lot of my decisions are based on intuition more than I would like and that my beliefs are not necessarily true just because I'm very talented at the social element of debate and reason. I used to arrogantly cling to this idea that I was right because I could intellectually out-talk everyone, but I understand nowadays that even being the smartest in the room is rarely enough to make up for the insane group collaborative effort that is actually required to reach a reputable truth. I will begin to trust society more when more people understand the necessity of collaborative reasoning and drop all this petty-ness about trying to prove each other bigots and hypocrites.
So a blockchain of opinions will run our future politics?  *noted.*
3:08 ozone doing it's thing there in the corner
Imagine capitalists being the ones causing the majority of the carbon emissions, then the population (us) should help reducing it by living a 'greener' lifestyle. Why don't they close down their factories and these billionaire conglomerates redistribute their wealth?
Nice music
Moderately-sized beard Michael is best (least scary) Michael
iconic vsauce song at 5:47 :)
Glad you put water vapor in there for greenhouse gases. Aka the most contributing factor.
Michael even though you're not an elephant, you're still awesome.
I love this episode because it feels like a return to the old VSauce, where Michael wasn't being overly goofy and weird for entertainment's sake. I appreciate the more serious tone.
life is a negotiation
What is the point of it all.
The reason we needed a leader was that not everyone could comunicate with each other and people didn't know enought to make an informed decision. Now we have internet and both of those issues are gone so technically we don't need anyone to make all those decisions
I will now spend two more sleepless nights pondering this. Thank you!
0:32  ah yes, my favorite planning tool *a screwdriver*
Nuke China=save the world.
A YouTube channel isn't enough. This guy needs his own bible.
so what you're saying is that america sucks in its current state? cool, i'm down with that
Feelings arnt facts
NOOO NOOO ANCIENT ATHENS GOT FUCKED BY SPARTA AAAAAAA STOP VSAUCE
I need an awesome-ometer
None of this explains the Trump cult hysteria and its danger.
29:32 damn, that was powerful, one day, we'll be the ancients, and this video will likely be lost to time :'(
Hard to talk to ppl with opposing views when social media bans conspiracy theorists :/
I might be alone in this comment section, but I think humans are so drastically different from every other species on Earth because we were created by a God. If you disagree, that's fine. If you agree, also fine. Ironically, I have no argument/evidence to convince through reason, because faith transcends reason.
Other people: Where is your mind? Me: It's on your brain silly.  Vsauce: Where really is your mind? Me: *having* *a* *existential* *crisis* *
Clean your room
There really is a lot to take away here but the one thing I can't stress enough is that we do not need a lottocracy. Murder Joe has enough on his hands running around killing people, he doesn't need to be in power.
This is such a refreshing video for anyone who's been subjecting themselves to politics online these last couple years. It's hard to put into words just how perniciously the byproducts of the growth and development of our reliance on social media have affected public discourse in general (I can only really speak for America here). I think it's fair to say that the algorithmic methods media giants have employed in the past decade to push engagement and watch time have been at least alarming. These systems, when coupled with the democratization of information through the internet, have resulted in producing less public forums or deliberation centers a la Athens and a whole lot more debate-lords, conspiracy death spirals, and social meta-gaming for grifters and pundits everywhere from streaming to television having more influence than they could have dreamed for in the age of television. I can't help but feel we're all more or less being played by underlying systems that (unintentionally or otherwise) have really done a number on healthy, calm deliberation, instead opting to stoke a lot of flames and divisions.  I'm not trying to be cliché with a run-down point like "why don't we all get along", just as someone who grew up largely online, I don't think I'm too alone in my concern for how many dead ideas from the 19th and 20th century are making a comeback today among gen z teens and millennials thanks to increased echo chambers; think about how many previously apolitical Facebook moms and dads have been flipped into questionable grassroots conspiracy movements and populist rhetoric because of algorithms. Our biggest rational pitfalls are being regularly exploited more and more every day and internet culture (which subsequently spills into general culture) is getting noticeably more toxic and aggressive.  I can't say if my perspective on this is even that unique to the modern moment, or if we've always been this heated and I'm just choosing to ignore it, but with everything from climate denial to impending ecological collapse doomsday preaching being on the discourse table, it's more than refreshing to hear a solutions/data-oriented approach that addresses the complexity of the situation and its disconnect from our everyday cognitive routines in a webscape that would much rather use that time to focus on 'owning' each other in an endless pre-debate culture war game.
Good luck with your friend Bill Gates Michael.
RIght off the bat, based on the title; I just have to ask 'is there one?'   I'm personally embittered against the lack of reason I've encountered over stupid simple math.
Can we just appreciate that Michael has consistently made nothing short of phenomenal content for almost a decade now
Bill Gates only wrote that book so that he and his billionaire friends could save their own asses and wealth, pretending that they care about the planet and its inhabitants, us.
I clicked so faaast
I love vsauce because every time michael starts out with informing and then it turns into a much larger, much more important allegory on the overall world
This is what i want to spend my teens learning about, not what i get thought in school
Hi Michael
This is just Michael’s brain talking shit about itself in the beginning of the vid
The problem as a society though is that a few of us have the power and influence to completely shape how many jellybeans others see in the jar, making the "midpoint" still heavily biased in their favor
The Crowd is dumb but the Individuals still possess gold, so if all the Individuals in a given crowd gives their best towards a goal they can achieve it. "Strength in many, Precision in few." The problem with the Crowd is that its slow compared to the Individual and it can only think of the reasons the Individuals in the said crowd have known/remembered. Therefor the loner, the outcast, the misunderstood, the hated, and the marginalized can possibly be crushed by the masses and IF the bones are audible and/or IF blood is seen, then the solution may come too late. "The tyranny of the majority"
The point about a rotating council of citizens who aren't motivated by money is ridiculous. Random citizens pulled from lower and middle classes will have their own monetary interests. In fact the pressure on them in their daily lives could guarantee it.   Props to bringing up oligarchy in a video about Gates, the "little man's oligarch".
LETS FUCKING GOOO
Thank you for including English subtitles to make this video available to more people. Even though I’m doing other things and not looking at the screen, I really appreciate knowing it’s there.
entirely too much emphasis is placed on reason  too much trust is placed on "planning" I'm glad Michael covered this
Why does this feel like VSauce’s final video?
Thanks dad, love u
The virgin reasoner vs The chad guesser
SCP-001: The Future of Reasoning. Object Class: Sauce
*Hey Vsauce, Michael here*  so satisfying
obviously awesomeness cant be measured with an awesome-ometer. You need to use an awescilloscope
5:40 is when it gets real
3 mins in mask off just more climate change bs that will be disproven in 6-12 months just like every other climate conspiracy theory the machine they use to predict climate change cant even predict past weather. you could put 2 years worth of weather data from 1998-2000 and it wouldn't be able to tell you what the weather would be like on 2000 january 2nd accurately or even half accurately.
ok
Small production note: That jazz at 15min broke my brain and made me having a really hard time to understand the underlying speech. Keep on the good work! :)
Erathostenes: Uses shadows and the speed of camels to determine the circumference of the planet. "Sometimes my genius, its almost frightening."
9:48 Michael does his best Ben Shapiro interpretation
guys, who would want to join a discord where we all just meet up every month and basically do what he describes at 25:38? sure we probably wouldn't have that much of an impact but it would at least be interesting, and we could all probably learn from it
I can't believe I watched a 30 minute video like a 5 minute video
I often try to advertise the value of being exposed to different opinions. This video summoned this whole problem in such a brought and well thought out frame it amazes me. Making people aware of their problematic  reasoning mechanisms was the only solution that came to my mind but to know that we have mechanisms in social behavior to balance out those issues is nice to know and maybe even applicable opposed to the other idea. Sadly i don't see humanity unite again any time soon. Opinions seems to diverge and people grow more resistant towards opposing views at an increasing rate. I am afraid if there even will be people in the future who look back at us as their ancients they will despise us.
Absolutely wonderful content as always. Thank you Michael and anyone else behind this video.
I'd love to hear about the theory of necessity
So, you purport that the ultimate skill behind human success is rhetoric. I accept that reasoning.  Unrelated: I'm working on a sci-fi novel that incorporates many of these interrelated concepts in its overarching metanarrative.  I'll be back for multiple viewings.  Thanks for posting this!
Bill Gaytes
I’m of firm belief that technology itself is not necessarily making it easier to promote invalid reasons/opinions, but rather the lack of dislike buttons on most popular social mediums.  Most posts will still be subject to crowd evaluation. However without a dislike button there is no way for posters and readers alike to know what the approval rate for any statement is.  The only option left for people that strongly disagree with a post is to comment on it, which will have the added effect of making the algorithms promote the post even more...  The end result is that every post or comment is a small dictatorship, where diverging opinions are simply not possible, and trying to fight it only makes it stronger.
but what is the reasoning of the future?   *VSAUCE MUSIC INTENSIFIES*
What if, not at random, but in small groups, we debated, chose a person to debate for us, who then met with the chosen of other groups, and so on until we finally have a clearer answer, from everybody
Bill gates is a lying piece of trash - just observe him in court in the microsoft antitrust dispositions and tell me that guy is not a lie.  That being said, You're a great speaker, keep up the lovely work.
Hey new vsauce!  Michael: where is your mind  *existential dread intensifies*
You know it's gonna be a good day we Mr. Sauce posts
this is why people don't deserve to say their opinions online xD
If burning hydrocarbons is defined as "smoke", then aren't cars smoking?  Isn't there a "public" smoking ban?  Aren't gasoline cars already illegal by definition in public places with a smoking ban?
Oh my goodness the legend is back :D
thank you lord Michele for anther video
Truly great. Vsauce is an example of the excellence that is possible on YouTube.
1:57 or is it?
Now see if you follow my reasoning here: Suppose you hit the body with a tremendous, powerful light. Now suppose you put that light inside the body, either through the skin or some other way. I think you can infer where I’m going with this...
Bill gates just decided to murder countless people. Not sure I'd ever take his solutions on anything.
Why'd you partner with someone who blocked third world countries from accessing the vaccine
"Mr. Michael is my favourite teacher because he only has 2 classes throughout the whole year"
Vsauce: are you a member of MENSA INTERNATIONAL, The High IQ Society?
this was cool. i never thinked about any of these
MICHEAL CONFORM TO BE AN ANARCHIST
So hard to stay awake.
*Oh.ish..here we go again!😑*
i am one minute thrity in and i am so glad i got high for this
get your here before 1 mil ticket here
this is too good for youtube. belongs in an art museum or the library of congress or some shit
Bill Gates is a billionaire ghoul who is the problem the planet is dying.
I want to congratulate Michael on this incredible script: so dense and yet flows like poetry. This was the most profound video he has ever made and would be a genuine benefit to anyone who watches till the end.
The caption doesn't match the video tho
This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates ! And we were thinking you were a decent human being. I do not believe that you can possibly believe in C02 Methane driven climate change I do not believe that you can possibly believe that covid is a deadly virus. I do not believe that you would be stupid enough to have the Experimental Biological Agent, laughingly called a vaccine,  injected into your body. Yet you proudly align yourself with Bill Gates. The man who said if we do a really good job with vaccines we can reduce the global population by 10% while it has been known for more than a decade that the population is in decline.
Thank you, Michael.  I look forward to revering you as the savior of our ancient race in a billion years.
10:00 Yes, logical positivism sucks
Lindy beige was talking in a video about how it was very important to figure out how tall a wall was in ancient time so they could figure out how tall to build the ladders so they could climb over the wall and sometimes there would be parts of the wall that weren't covered in paint and the bricks would be exposed so instead of having one person count the bricks because it was pretty hard to get an exact number they would get lots of people to count them and then they would average them all out.
Very, very wise video, Michael. This time you really outdid yourself.
taking a small break in the comments because i was triggred in the middle. =o=" obssesive thoughts mixied with worse case scenario combo.
This dude just slam dunked on every single persons political beliefs without taking a single stance.
nice.
Don’t mind me, just looking for 0w0
"I know that we can win. I know that greatness lies in you. But remember: from here on in, history has its eyes on you."
VSauce is truly the professor of YouTube. I mean he's even rocking that professor outfit.
We are blessed! Thank you glorious Michael!!
So the human brain is filled with features! Not bugs! oooh of course!
Return of the king!
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates" *Conspiracy's Intensify*
Finally, a new Vsauce video longer than 2 minutes
Amazing
"Your brain helps you remember, and plan, and make judgements and solve problems" wtf mine doesn't do any of that
bookmark for later 15:41
quality of life around the world is not rising they're just trying to force people into tighter spaces where they are more easily controlled
Amazing video!!!
This was a really good video. I enjoyed watching it.
Best VSauce video yet. Totally eye opening.
short term lottocracy is literally uncorruptible. We need that.
Too bad this is in collaboration with a literal madman that wants to kill off half the population, like a fucking supervillain. Bill Gates is a psychopath and his reach is too vast to not keep in check.
Dear @Vsauce,   It looks like you've remembered your password again. Can you please write it down on a post-it note this time?   Yours sincerely, The Internet.
Honestly, globalist mindsets are just arrogance at its finest. The majority of us struggle with our own lives, problems and harsh weaknesses, but we're also supposed to worry about the world? I'm worrying about how to get a job, how to get ok-ish grades in university, how to move out, and just changing my life altogether, Yet I'm also supposed to worry about the world? Let the big guys handle it alright? Edit: But I can agree with keeping them to high standards, and the final 10 minutes of this video. I like your ideas for a new political system.
Gates is a lair
I seriously believe that the future of humanity is to merge our minds into one - a hive-mind of thoughts united and entangled with technology, with access to any and every machine we build. Sounds really sci-fi but I think it's almost inevitable looking at what we have built so far and how quickly we're advancing.
Wicked
B-sauce
If you are reading this in 2121 make sure Vsauce is in a history book somewhere.
I wish Michael liked my comment.
Hi!
I missed the old, '... or is it?'
the great filter is capitalism
The existential dread of the unobtainable veil of ignorance hypothesized by Rawl moment
here before 400k, gamer
seems like vsauce and jon tron have about the same upload schedule
This should be taught in every classroom around the world.
what an amazing video
I got an idea, what if you were the celebrity politician.
Everybody hates science until Vsauce joins the chat
Michael’s out here speaking an entire novel.
the end always gives me goosebumps
The original: Where are your fingers The sequel: Where is your mind The sequel we never asked for but always needed
Lottocracy
I want to live in the timeline where vsause was elected in the lottocracy
15:30 "that seem less like mistakes, and more like features" ah, I see we were made with the Bethesda school of thought
*ahhh sh*t here we go again*
I love this because it’s the first step to raise attention to all of this context constantly so that people start making decisions and innovate to keep as much of this beautiful world as possible instead of throwing it away like it doesn’t deserve us. It’s about living up to the growth that is produced in the first place.
yes
Finally another vid
I am so glad you are making these Michael — time illusions is a truly special thing on this platform and beyond. Thank you.
Reason will prevail!
Just after coming off a vsauce binge I see one more
Hey Michael, havnt you heard the news?? The pentagon released several videos. They are already here.
5:45 Oh yeah you know it’s good vsauce when you hear that tune
❤️🔥🙏
Oh man, a new vsauce video, I better call in sick to work tomorrow, it's a national holiday.
Heard bill gates and closed the video, sadly this is the first time I will not be finishing a vsauce video.
This chosen at Random thing happened in Vonnegut's "Harrison Bergeron"
"the future of reasoning" as if some people could even get basic rationale to begin with
5:48 the moment I knew it’s a Vsauce video
Happy to see him still uploading
Welcome back Michael!
Please bring more transcendental stuff for us!!
Somebody make Michael a university professor or the President of the US
makes you realise the value of a jury
Hey.
Why is every video a masterpiece?
Hey wewewewewewewsauce.
Ahhhhhhhh yes fiiiiiiinally another long video to listen to while I fall asleep 😌😌
doopdedoop
As a High Functioning Psychopath, reason is all I have to live by.  And since I'm not guided by my emotions, I won't laugh at the man who crashes his car, after cutting me off and flipping me the bird.  Emotion lets people do such terrible things, in the moment, because that's how they felt, at that time.  I grew up thinking, I always just felt the same. When I was diagnosed at 22 with H.F.P., it all made sense.  Psychopathy is considered a disability. But I can't help but think it's an ABILITY. The ability to ALWAYS, do what's right, and what's best. Most people look back and can't believe things they've done. Even though I don't experience what's called regret, or shame. Due to my consistency, I don't think I would feel it, even if I could.
Well I'm voting for the first person to move for a lotocrasy... Lol
pretty good critique of pure reason
Me: oh this seems pretty quick for another VSauce video. A month tops.  Last video: 3 months ago and titled "Illusions of Time". Damn it.
My brain needed this brand new vid
This is the Vsauce content I've been missing. Love you, Michael.
2013: “Where are your fingers?” 2021: “Where is your mind?”
Well this is exactly what I think is true... or is it?
I wouldn’t rely on Bill Gates’ ideas Michael
I love watching these videos, I recently binged all off them and I ran out:(
Why do I doubt, that any politician or billionaire is watching this video at any time? Well, It's just an Intuition. I'm open to contrary reasons. In any case, a lot of what has been brought up aligns to what has been taught to us in psychology plus I learned a lot myself. And I'm really glad for both! Well, except for the claim that groups make better decisions. The social-psychological consensus states that the individuals intelligence "decreases" in bigger groups towards the average as well, hence the problems complexity must not exceed the ability to process it. The example with intuitively estimating beans in a jar sadly does not transfer to problems where mere observation is insufficient. Above a certain threshold of complexity information, experience, independent thinking and "logical commandments" are needed instead. Perhaps lottocracy for complex matters might not an ideal approach after all. Apart from that, I enjoyed the topics very much :)
This struck so many chords with me. I feel like this might be my life purpose, to do something that will change the way we approach reason.
Thanks for giving me yet another existential crisis 🥲
Brilliant. I hope this gets shared as widely as possible
Finally, more Vsauce
The king returns
How are you gonna say people need more empathy for how we use resources while teaming up with a Billionaire. Bill Gates doesn't think America should share the vaccine with other countries he doesn't care about the world at all
The more you know, the more you know how little you know
A jon tron upload and now a vsause upload. What’s going on
The prince has returned
Vsauce: *explains behavioral inertia in an easy but detailed way*  Me an intellectual:  So it's stubborness
Goddamn this is like all of my anxiety summed up in a video
That's why I think that no matter how correct a political party is to me we always need an opposition party because we might get too comfortable and stop debating each other whereas an opposition party can almost always be counted on to question the decisions being made.
What... he uploaded!
I am now old enough to remember when Vsauce sold out to predatory billionaire Bill Gates. fuck this, unsubbed.
hell yeah
Hidden challenge: Find all the rationalizations and biases in this video
"or, is it?"
Michael do be looking not old
I have that exact same chair
Gaslighting/propaganda
I can't imagine a better time than 2021 to make an argument for reason. Thanks for posting.
YES UPLOADS
This makes no sense, yet makes perfect sense..
When he slowly turns and looks at the camera, turns a straight face, and says “Or is it?” SHITS BOUT TO GET REAL
I bet that paycheck from Gates wasn’t an unintended consequence
He’s back!
I love how you are able to take something I’ve thought about for so long and present it in such a concise manner
God I love Vsauce
😳 a long video
Second point: if we actually manage to reduce our CO2 emission to ZERO... then what will plants breathe in for their photosynthesis, which requires sunshine, water and CO2? So how do we figure plants' needs in our carbon emission / global warming / climate change equations?
Forget about making a New York every month... let's learn to fly to other worlds instead.  Also I wonder if Doomsday Preppers are going to be mostly the only ones left after the Great Filter.
If Bill Gates really cared, he and his fellow billionaires would redistribute their wealth and help fund solutions and projects, not just writing a book about what's already obvious by now.
This is surely amazing
I intuitively conclude without understanding my reasoning that the topic of this video is of immense importance to our understanding of reason
All the dislikes are karens
Great as usual. Lotocraty might be the thing. Also damn those subtitles, they are subtly differ from the voicing, and that made me cringe a bit.
What
If you want to learn more, "The Righteous Mind" by Johnathan Haidt is a great book on this
Time to be happy
This went from "how does your mind work" to "global warming propaganda" real quick.
Well hello to you too haven't seen you in a while
this man has done it again 👏I'm speechless
Yes
Thank you for blessing my brain with _knowledge_
welcome back
That special sauce!
7500
I'm so glad this channel exists
Hey Vsus here
I think Reasoning should stay at 1, too strong of a card      That’s a Yugioh reference
michaels lectures are just very long intros to the music at the end
Who's watching this from the year 31207?
Eres de las pocas personas en el planeta que realmente puedo decir orgulloso, que sigo y que respeto.
I assumed Mary and Paul weren’t married and Paul had a crush on Mary because why else would Paul care that Mary is looking at Peter. That’s why I said yes.
Wake up babe, vsauce uploaded
Not bill gates nooodjksjcnsqxkom
love the sound design, your team clearly put in some good work to match the video's message
I find as opposed to sense of "what is natural and artificial as being seperate", one could think of "what is artificial as being a subset of all that is natural" or "artificial things are a type of natural things". Depending on how you use them
Yay, classic vsauce style video?!
Pure philosophy!
Sounds like he wants us to move a Borg future.
We need more Anthropologists!!!
Gah! I hear Bill Gates and the video is ruined. Awful.
I disagree.
Video was created in partnership with Bill Gates? No thanks.
Omg what he's here. Yes. Ty.
Fun fact: the timelapse at 1:33 can be found on the Google Earth Engine timelapse of Alberta, Canada, as it became a mining city
Lottocracy sounding pretty good right about now
he is finally back
4:00 You don't.  Nobody does that. Nobody will do that.  We aren't a hivemind organism .... Yet.
when u use reasoning to reason why reason is a social evolution so that you can explain reasoning, and realize that the people who reasoned reasoning had to find reasons so that they could reason reason.
Methane and CO2 don't have lopsided electrical charges. They are perfectly symmetrical.
AYY, HES NOT DEAD
I learned more in this half hour than I did at 6 hours of school
Wake up Honey, Vsauce post a new video
V SAUSE VIDEO GUYS! IM SO EXCITED INKNOW THESE TAKE SOOOOO MUCH EFFORT
New VSauce video.... :D  "I partnered with a billionaire."  .... >:o
We talking about the Fermi paradox regarding this civilisation filter?
My mind is everywhere
Amazing ... as always
21:50  me who just watched "the stilwell brain" yes you told us already. until i realized
The way he thinks is honestly such a gift
I have reason to believe Michael is not wearing any pants in this one.
YEEEES!!!!!!
If this guy was president, the life expectancy would be 100 years old
I've been hearing a lot about lottacracy and Sortition recently. At first it seemed crazy, but it became really hard to argue against to the point where I'm having trouble coming up with reasons why it _shouldn't_ be a thing.  I would absolutely love to hear two people knowledgeable in the subject debate the efficacy of it.
Oh yeah let's just ask the guy with all of the power in the world how to solve a problem. Clearly he wants to solve it. That's why he still has billions of dollars in his bank account
22:21 spectacular accuracy  *Spectaccuracy*
holy crap i have vsauce's chair
4:50 This is the image from the thumbnail, but it's flipped..... What does it mean?!
National deliberation day when?
*TL;DR*  Hey Vsauce, Michael here.  In this episode, I fix discourse, biases and democracy.  This video was sponsored by Bill Muhfuckin Gates.
vsause if the year is 2021 then why in the jurassic period we refer to it as 65 million years ago even though the number 65 million is greater then 2021    is this year a lie did they lie to us about the year why who was the first person on earth what really is the year now did the past ever happened or is it all in are head...
just for your information, in Islam prophecy, by the end of times, the false messiah will come, and he would replicate your parents to make you believe that he is god/messiah. same as 29:00, anyways, the end is near.
I was about to sleep but guesss notttttt
Vsauce: "the industrial revolution and its consequences..."
I’m at a loss of words on my knees in awe, I knew this was gonna happen eventually but not now I just really wasn’t ready for an upload right now
Humanity is one great mind and capitalism is our malignant tumor.  It’s not too late to operate and remove it
THE KING HAS ARRIVED
The words facts, logic, and reason were said so much in this video that Ben Shapiro showed up at my house.
When the Vsauce is sus 😳
This video should be mandatory viewing in all high schools and colleges.
571 QAnon believers disliked this video.
VSAUCEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
I hope the Bill Gates shekels are worth it.  If you're going to sell out, might as well go big...
I love listening and watching your videos!
Ive heard the idea of a lottocracy brought up a lot lately and while its a noble idea it does of course have its shortfalls. One being the loss of experienced individuals specialized in certain fields like civics, infrastructure, statistics, diplomacy etc etc in politics which may not be able to react effectively to changing situations when such people are cycled out much more than current. That the average person is fairly naieve to international politics leaving such a system to be possibly gamed even harder by outside factors than currently is. Another is just that if you have no incentive to ensure re election what stops you from making a show of it or gaming the system, pushing forth radical ideas just for the hell of it in a sort of anarchistic style without a care of future results or making as much while youre in as you dont have as much accoubtability to those who might re elect you. Another is that such a system has the possibility due to the lack of need for re election for individuals to pursue 100% self serving ideals which enrich and almost entirely benefit just them and people like them above others once out of office unless someone feels the need to reverse it later on which is in itself possibly a toss up. As well if a company wants to buddy up to a politician in such a system it might arguably take less as the average persons barrier for such things could be much less than someone who makes much more and already has established connections to guage how much that takes  Its obvious to basically everyone from every demographic that the current systems not just in the us but worldwide are faltering with age, progress, scale and corruption/bloat. The problem is that as far as i can see no one system can please everybody while still being effective and an effective government doesnt mean it wont be overthrown on emotional grounds in the heat of the moment. Though one thing that is almost always true is that an uncertain and indecisive goverment is free reign for oppurtunists to bend it to their will. So such a government would have to manage to both plan for long term events, react to sudden changes with expediency and understanding as well as rule socially via a matter of consensus where there is no yes/no black or white laws/ideas etc.  Democracy is fickle and flawed easily corroding. Dictatorship has its benefits for reacting to situations but more often than not leads to horrors and hardship. Communism in theory is only possible post scarcity but in doing so breeds a sedate humanity. Communism in practice is dictatorship. Monarchy leads to excess and one upsmanship. And Anarchy leaves itself open for the first populist or warlord to bring order and reassert the old ways in their image.  I find ironically that an interesting exploration of the human situation lays in the series warhammer 40k, everything is brutal, the galaxy is always in a state of chaos, things are so vast that entire planets, systems and histories are lost with little understanding, administration and organization is impossible but via sheer randomness, personal force of will and the ability of people to just go with the flow and do whatever works at whatever time requires it to get things done somehow keeps things going in a system that is broken to its core.
Oh my god, so I'm writing this comment at about 8 minutes in because I'm literally, right now, doing a PhD on what you're talking about there: the effect growing technology has on extending our empathy to distant people! I decided to watch this video as a break from tearing my hair out about how difficult the concept is to explain and I feel so validated right now. You goddamn hero!
You had me until "created in partnership with Bill Gates" I'll catch the next video 👋
All elephants are awesome.
great birthday present!
This video is the culmination of my anger and knowledge of existence
2:39  Don't let Shen Bapiro hear that
Bill "third world countries shouldn't be legally allowed to produce the vaccine for themselves" Gates?
Very good video! 😊👍
The lotocracy... a nice idea.  What about a logoracy?  (log jam?)  :)   I've thought about this too but as a competitive democracy.
Tell China to lower their emissions... problem solved.
Michael for president
5:33  Oh no. Fuck Bill Gates.
I love this man
Truly mind opening, we do these things without paying attention to it, without thinking that this might be the way to solve our problems, we just have to stop looking for a point of view that satisfy us, and instead, formulate our own and share it with others.
History is the great teacher... PFFFT Hey Vsauce, Michael here, the true great teacher
Hey, VSAUCE! Greta Thunberg here. How DARE you?! But what is a dare? And who, are, you?
its HAPPENING AGAIN
Psycho-Pass vibes
babe, wake up, vsauce just uploaded.
Thank you for this magnificent video 🖤
Btw I’ve been here since 2014
One can infer from the sponsor of the video, that Gates and his cabal of globalist billionaires see themselves as more reasonable than the rest of us and are pushing to be the lottocracy. Got it.
The most important part of an argument isn't the conclusion or consensus, it's the debate.  Don't forget though that we also evolved with a hierarchal society. Monolithic minds can react quickly and that has a massive advantage. You can't debate in an emergency. Even a wrong decision is often better than no decision when time is a factor and an individual trained to operate under those conditions will likely have fewer wrong decisions.  So when someone proposes an either or.... ask why not both?
Does this mean... Humanity is naturally a slowly communicating hive-mind? Is that what we evolved to do? Is a lottocracy a way to find the solution to many of our problems?
You do understand the absurdity of this video ?
far right: A lottocracy? That's socialism.  Psychology is bull$#!^ far left: People coming together for group discussions?  Someone might get sick or say something offensive. The people that really need to hear this will generate their own reasons why he is wrong. :/
Finally a vsauce video that I actually am early in
A day and a half before my birthday but this still counts as a present. Thanks Michael <3
26:34 woah
*what*
For folks that are regular here, what are other channels with such high-quality intellectual content? Thanks
Love you vsauce
Now let us deliberate on reasons why he's wrong ;)
I have the same chair hey that’s pretty good
2:34 Am I have school.  But God demands tribute for the 2 hour old video.
To look at some bad reasoning and realize the intuition that generated it may be correct.
That grab for the organ of reasoning underneath the table. I was definitely expecting something else. But then i remembered, it's Vsauce, and it's full of innuendoes.
partnership with jew gates. Sigh, they have bought michael's soul.
This man always makes 30 minutes feel like 5
Michael is legendary
The return of the king
Okkk ily
On another level. Absolutely. Other ed youtube channels may be putting out more videos, but when Michael drops one, it just hits like a freight train.
early
Brains that are immobilized due to poverty or other limitations are a tragic strain on the entire system. Free brains that can afford risks and movement and communication as they wish, would create a much better collective brain. Unfortunately, much of our collective brain is shut down or limited and only a small portion has freedom.
You didn't even talk about the fact that democracy failed miserably in ancient Greece, and the massive dangers of group-think. Your proposed idea of democratizing reasoning, especially politically, is immensely dangerous. I really hope humanity doesn't do this. We'd be better off under the boot of our best thinkers than ruled by aggregate recommendations of randomly selected fools.  If you disagree, go ahead and pick, I dunno, ten Twitter users at random (not your followers; at random), take some time to familiarize yourself with their reasoning skills in any particular argument, and ask yourself if you would honestly risk letting them decide what you do for even just a day.  The average person is a product of the media. The average person would torture another individual to death if an authority figure repeatedly asked them to do so. You might as well be recommending that the current power structure be perpetuated indefinitely, to whatever ends those currently ruling over us have in mind.
Hi crowd! Process my 🍩!
:O
Yea science People or channels like his really helps my ooga booga brain evolve
The crowd is stupid though haha Or at least in my environment/place
“Sick burns” 😂😂
It’s not a bug, it’s a feature
Thats a great video
less go
To hell with reason! Give me the future of SEASONING!
14:13 - Actually, that's EXACTLY what I do. I often don't recognize when I say something that upsets someone, then continue saying things that upset them further, until they explode with anger. I then have to retrace the conversation and look for clues I missed, and log that information for later. This technique isn't perfect, because not everyone shows the same signs or has the same thresholds of patience.  Complicating things further, the things that I say which upset other people often don't upset me when the roles are reversed. So when people try to say "how would you feel if someone said blah blah blah to you?", I can honestly say "it wouldn't bother me."  Most of my interactions with people are guided by patterns and tendencies I've observed and collected over time, and it can be exhausting. So when I talk to someone who is more like me in these respects, I get to relax and have fulfilling conversations that tend to last several hours.
This is why we should have socialism!!!!!
“Created in partnership with Bill gates”  Did he have any say in the script? God i hope not   To clarify, not because he’s vaccine satan or whatever, just because i don’t want vested interests in such widely popular educational content. Also i don’t need a billionaire telling me we need to extend our empathy i guess
It's really great to start the day with a new vsauce vid!
wooow I watched the video the same day it was uploaded 🤩🤩🤩
Trouble is you failed to mention induction  and  deduction, guess they don't fit your narrative.
Just when I was in the middle of a Vsauce marathon, a new video emerges. I can't complain.
You grew beard in months more than I did my entire life
Jesus, the great filter is our ability to extend our empathy? Sounds like a tool to manipulate people. Just tell people they have to do what you say if they want to be a “good person” and have empathy for people they can never and will never see. We’re back to the old controlling people with things they can’t see strategy.
From 25:14-26:14, the old school Vsauce music plays in the background and it’s just the best
THE KING IS BACK
Does this mean VSAUCE & BILL GATES actually believe in re-incarnation and the afterlife?  If they had no faith that there will be some experience for their "soul" on this Earth, then why would they need to plan long term beyond 50-70 or 100 years at most?  Why would atheists or agnostics need to plan for the future of humanity several hundred years from now if they won't be personally present to experience it?  Or is there a chance that they will?  As far as I understand most humans live up to a 120 years at the very most... so planning anything beyond that requires implicit faith that the soul will re-incarnate back on Earth as our own descendants.
Michael I still haven't found my fingers and now your making me find my mind. Please stop I'm panicking right now.
The great filter is the "kids" that burn the house down and don't care.
I think the brain is the most important thing in the body.  Sincerely, The Brain
I’m really hoping for some good out of context stuff
I believe this video is great and no one here will contradict me. I'm not going to bother thinking of reasons to explain why it's awesome. Just use your awesome-meter
Talking about different ways we perceive information, are we going to be quizzed on the information of this video to discover if we got more of what Michael said, or what the subtitles said, since they were often quite different?
The last part is something I don't agree with. It is easier to bribe a so called simpleton
BABE WAKE UP NEW VSAUCE DROPPED
“WHO ARE THEY GOING TO SELL THE HOUSES TO, BEN? FUCKING AQUAMAN???”
didn't expect to have an existential crisis today, thanks vsauce
Humans dont care about being intelligent and objective. Humans care about being accepted by humans around them. Humans are PERFECTLY ok with slavery, nazism, communism, evil religions that wish eternal torture on others, etc. as long as people around them as ok with it.
I'm lost. Forever.
Ah yes, is it time for my existential crisis?
🐐
Very cool to have your video sponsored by the guy who'd rather have poor people die than weaken vaccine patents and is using his "charitable" foundation to allow corportations to exploit third world countries for profit
Sweet
About time you show up
legend
I wouldn't be surprised if this one hits 1M likes.
9:50 11:33 you're welcome, vsauce out of context guys
Great vid.  How I missed that music drop...
when i saw bill gates i felt cynical and then you mentioned hyperobjects  i see you michael vsauce  keep it up and avoid those signifiers!
This man just solved how to do government
Earliest I've ever been to a vsaucd video.
Came back to YouTube just to shill for some billionaire
This still poses an issue. If I understood correctly, you assume that all peoples collective knowledge reasoned together leads to the most accurate conclusion. But let's use the bean jar analogy again: What if half of earths population concluded the correct number of beans in the jar, while the other half concludes a much lower number. If reasoning somewhat averages the answer out then end result will be incorrect.  Same goes for all of humans knowledge and opinions - Combining them and/or averaging them will most likely lead to the wrong conclusion.
One of your best videos for sure, I can't express how much I appreciate this guy, thank you so much for this channel and your videos.
Oh
OOOHHHHHHHH BABY LEMME TELL YA WHEN I HEARD THAT "OR IS IT?" I WENT SUPER SAIYAN
The planet is already a freely-operating hivemind that uses individual units to carry out nature's compartmentalized goals. Bill Gates and his constituents want to hijack that hivemind to steer it towards *their* vision of the future. That is a level of totalitarianism that should be feared, and opposed at every level of society. I don't think microprocessors have really done humanity any good, or increased our quality of life. Neither has social media as a whole, as its consequences are laid bare daily. But humanity deserves the freedom to make those mistakes, and to learn its lessons. Humanity doesn't need Bill Gates, nor his near-sociopathic ravings about the world.  I'm truly disappointed in your participation in this social engineering experiment, Michael. Distastefully hypocritical to criticise the very technology and civilisation you & Bill Gates have depended on your entire lives to make a paycheck.  I guess money truly is the root of all evil.
More than a decade and VSauce is still using the same background music.... and I ain’t even mad 🤣
And as always, thanks for uploading.
Humans do not seek to fight against their observations of the universe, instead they seek to affirm them. However in recent times, when opposition is proposed by humans, the opposition is no longer believed to be an observation of the universe.
Damn. Teaming up with bill gates? Michael really sold out. The second I heard his name I decided not to watch lol.
the king has returned
I am loving these new vids Michael!
twitter moment
Bill Gates is a terrible person.
This is a lot to take In right now bestie
This video is extremely important right now. I feel many people will watch this, agree, and still treat others with different views as mindless evil people...
😱😱😱😱😱😱 thank you thank you thank you for another video, I havent even watched it yet, but already has a thumbs up, I know it will be good!
Vsauce yeeeeee
beautiful
Who else was just waiting for the vsauce theme music to kick in?
"Hey,Vsauce Michael here, where's your mind?"  Me: gone,reduced to atom
Talk to your buddy Bill about privatizing life saving and world saving medicine
Sorry Michael, you lost me the moment you did that jerky edit and whipped out Bill Gates. Sorry but I'm getting tired of hearing about what Bill Gates thinks. I wanted to hear what Michael thinks. Bring back mind field please
i was just here for the "hey vsauce, micheal here"
Babe wake up new Vsauce video
Can these you tubers please stop sharing a billionaires propaganda? This is so frustrating. He literally is against a waiver for vaccine IP, forcing global south countries to either let people die or give up huge amounts of capital to the global ruling class. Super disappointed in y’all.
Imagine the things humanity could do if we worked together
Excited to see you again in 2022!
...sir this is Wendy’s, can you please order you meal.
sooo good to have you back Mickael 😍❤❤❤
Can someone tell me what is the exact name of the cloth that he is wearing in this video ? Please
Love it. Never stop posting, please. Abraços do Brasil! Here's to hoping for a Lottocracy.
Awesometer. Awe-som-eter.
When we needed him most, he came back.
These are worth the wait
25:08 me watching kill me baby
According to the humans around us at this very moment, there's hardly any reasoning left...People are too invested in their own belongings and problems...
Not every day does Michael post, but when he does it slaps
Hola
Everything
Decently early
All of our learning moments and experiences in a cloud of one until all experience is complete then RESET
Awesome
Michael is not an elephant. Or is he?
Bruh Michael went through like 4 Kurzgesagt videos in this one lmao
That's heck a lot of responsibility you just assigned for all of us. Hope we can deliver.
I get 2012 Vasuce from this Michael beard and hair equals video feeling
Hi michael
My man really is modern genius
YouTube has pulled this video down. Reason: Lottocracy
I hate how weird anti-vaxxer conspiracies has made being critical of Bill Gates be associated with anti-science.  Bill Gates is not a role model when it comes to sustainability or philanthropy, despite his charity contributions.
Never forget how michael started as a mario fartposter
Yesssss
You lost me at "and that's why we decided to partner with Bill Gates..."
yay more vsauce! i've been waiting forever! <3
Ah, Michael's clearly testing the password to the Vsauce channel still works. Time to wait 6 months until the next test.
14:12 wow what a cool universal statement about human perception that applies to everyone
Because out here disputing every political argument ever in 30 minutes
A lottocracy is still exploitable, probably more so.
Our communication is being cut
life path shit
FKNG YESSSS
Michael, you finally remembered your past life
He alive
My vital organs shut down as all my cells stopped to listen to Michael
Hey mikie more videos please
Where do I sign up?
I thought Gates was cancelled, go figure
It's good to see another great video from a great man.  Thanks for all the great content over the years bro ❤️
Thank you Michael. You really always bring me out of my room and to start thinking about things I never thought of and you're literally changing my life and the life of people around me with it
Very good video, Mike. The discussion for this Topic is essentially endless, id like to talk to you a lot more about this, would you be interested in reading some of my literature? it's been cited by many sources.
This is so eye opening
Turkce yazı ekler mısınız lutfen
yeah I was needing this
YESSSSSS
ay, vsause calling out the fake news :D
Hey look, it’s the intelligence guy, doing the intelligence thing.
Yesterday I was thinking of how does our mind makes these "Random Thoughts" that actually makes sense. How does you mind randomly decides that you are going to eat hashbrowns for example?
The Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation is not something I want in charge of a global collaboration...
abolish career politicians.
I think Michael really got to the base of it all at around 16:00, we are all really just scared of being called out by others
Thank you for your wisdom!
FINALLLYYY I NEEDED THIS.
The quality on this video is so high I can smell it
Finally a video that’s 30 minutes not 30 seconds
Wow extremely insightful
I am not Marco Polo,      Or am I?
Vsauce is like doing cocaine and going on Wikipedia.
I feel like Michael got into a heated argument with someone and made this video immediately after.
YESSSSS MORE VSAUCE! LOVE YOU!!! ❤️❤️❤️
🤔3.55- whuttif y'mind went blank !! So yeah I only open this lame app to check for a response to Creep ³4  Under the Direction Of Jimmy Cee !!😏Syke !!
never trust billionaire about idea of "climate"
Never thought Michael would be explaining to me why Tucker Carlson still has viewers.
Michael, I love your content, I love the videos you make, its style, how ypu talk abput it. Thanks a lot for this.
Time to watch this over and over again thinking I haven’t seen it before until Michael uploads again
end capitalism
Epicly owning the human brain with facts and logic
Vsauce is the fine balance between eerie, hopeful, strange and intriguing.
Just saying you just unironically watched a whole learning video. AND FRICKEN LEARNED.
This video taught me what I already thought: Confirmation Bias has and always will exist
is it that time of the.... decade where we get a new Vsuace episode
Poppin' Plosives like a Puther Pupper uP in this Pitch aren't we.
Don't know
4:48 "Hyperobject" No joke that was my dad's nickname for me in elementary school. I had trouble sitting still.
Or is it
awesomeometer is an awesome word, is there was a such thing, it would messure the word as awesome.
3 months to make a video...
Thank you Vsauce for being a source of inspiration and hope 🥰
In conjunction with Bill gates I’m out!!!! Don’t need the guy who’s good with computers telling anything
Jeez, that vsauce bass didnt drop until like, 5:54.
how fucking sad you have to be downvoting free education. all the downvotes are real problems to society
*don't wanna have burgers* Vsauce; provides reasons why i should.  My Friend; goes without me. 🥲
When deliberation is difficult, it feels tiring. When deliberation is easy, it feels liberating. However, when the result of deliberation is exciting, it is regardless of difficulty.
Latocracy sounds gud. Yay
I like this video quite a lot.
I was going to sleep, ok I will do it after
I feel like Michael like making this videos for what will become our future robot overlord, he just doesn't know it yet. I'm also too stupid to figure out what he's saying. I know all the words he uses are real and have meaning. Yet I still can't figure out what he's talking about.
0:00: Awesome a new Vsauce video!  5:20: goddamnit
This is the most relevant thing I've seen all year
This was amazing
That was a lot of information. I trust he found good reasons.
This is 30 minutes well spent
Hello people Decades later
The biggest problem today is that we hate our children. Maybe we always did but now with all this power we have it's gonna kiII us.
Where is my mind ♪♫♪
A very saucy monologue, indeed.
Yay!!
FINALLY
i missed those so much.
VSAUCEEE
U know it’s about to get real when he says “or is it?🤨”
Ah yes, one of life's greatest questions.  Can we measure it with an awesome-ometer?
Luv u vsauce
The future of reasoning is not bright as long as there are people who follow Trump.
Why are you slightly off centered and screen left biased? It's really bothering me...
It’s to early for this
For like a few days I watch watching more or vsauce then boom new vsauce video very rare occasion.
cool
I like that: History is the great teacher, and we will all be history eventually.
Saying not going into detail is fine.. something I never thought I'd hear you say.  It's your video. We trust you. Just show us the relevant research.
I want to live in a lottocracy now
10:32 i thought it had something to do with one of the people bieng named mary
I hate liberals
yayyy another video, good stuff
I can't see how a large group could ever come to the same reasoning about anything. Like minded groups tend to segregate and become farther apart by dissent. We are doomed.
While I personally have agreed that something like a lottery system for political positions could be effective, i'm also reminded that random juries also get things wrong a good amount. I don't have numbers or percentages on how accurate juries tend to be on average, but that number would have to be significantly higher than the approval ratings our government gets now for it to be useful, right?  As it stands now our country is pretty divided down the middle, with a lottery system it might end up being that whichever extreme has more members randomly chosen will be the side that wins out. Our political system is two-dimensional, and that just doesn't cut it anymore.  Though, there are people that don't claim to be on either extreme. The moderates/centrists/independents. Many would claim they are the minority though all we can really prove is that they are the most silent... I personally identify as someone in the middle. I don't think being purely social issue focused is the right way nor do I think focusing purely on the economy is correct, but not adhering to the popular extremist consensus ruins my credibility with those people.   Truly, there are people reading this right now who think less of me because I don't 100% agree with their political extremes. Somehow this makes me a "bad person" I would argue that this philosophy of labeling any disagreeing party as "bad" or "evil" is the real root of the issue. How can social reasoning take place if we actively reject anything we don't agree with?  Conservatives AND Liberals fall into this trap, and I think it effects more of our race than we like to admit. Regardless of what you think about George Washington, the fact that he warned us not to use a two party system is telling.   Even if people agree with me, I would bet that they also have lingering thoughts that people who lean more towards their side are MORE correct; which defeats the whole purpose.
Ted watching this
A wet computer. Nothing can touch us. Think about this. Sounds convincing. None of that.
BASED PogU
He got his password back
Just purchased Bill Gates book on audible! Thanks for the book recommendations, Michael!
Got done with Nier, don't do this to me, Michael.
.........   Or is it?
Right on time, almost...
I use Reason to not vote in elections!  -says me, a Proud non-voter.  America, the idea, is done. Globalism...(meh)...is in the forefront, accelerating.  ‘Time to move on’ is what Michael is saying... use Reason .  We are all passively waiting... for the tipping point. =2045ish.  Event Horizon.  Get ready.  Bye bye humans. You can’t go back...or can you? Use Reason.  And as always...  this comment wont ever be seen.... but will be in the vacuum of the internet FOR. EV. ER.
In conclusion, Unionize your work place and seize the means of production for the people.
greenhouse gasses: ap for the weather if you play fallout I'm sure you'll understand
Ok
I know where my mind is...it's always in the gutter.
For the first 2 hours ... 1 new view every 0.02 seconds.
I dunno, man. I don't have hope for the future.
“There are hints that reason and logic are struggling against the complexity of it all”  Me: turns around   Tik Tok: slowly backs away into the shadows
Now I know why it takes so long for vsauce to upload a video, he’s busy learning spells to spawn shit out of nowherr
Glad Michael took this time away from directing live leaks to make this
You're right. You're totally right. Those solutions might even end the inability to feel empathy in THIS day and age, we wouldn't have to die waiting for the right era. But the human mind is inherently limited, even when multiple people are brought together, because after adding too many people to a group consensus, the sound and the ideas are too much to focus on in the same way it's hard to "wrap your brain" around the full scope of a billion people. What we need is to double down on cybernetic transference until we can operate on the capacity and nature of our minds, and don't stop. If we can even expand the rational/comprehensional/empathetic capacities of even a single leader's mind to the point where they stop looking at ten billion people as ten billion people and start looking at it as each individual, each impact every aspect of the respective government's actions are having on them, and every little action that brought them to where they are today and what they believed, a true utopia is in reach.  But I would die waiting for that. Your solution is possible here, now, and I hope people start careening that way eventually.
he who controls random, controls the future
And as always, this was a great video
My man just explained politics
Whoa I just was writing in my journal about how writing and other people act as extensions of our mind. Cool to see that its like an actual thing other people have considered
I’ve been waiting for an episode like this for a long time
Another existential crisis  _yey_
Good to have you back Michael!
This "Lottocracy" is an interesting idea, let's make Michael king so that he can enforce it!
Interesting video Michael. Thank you
I came🥴😩
The future of reasoning is bleak. Trust The 🧪
In today's Vsauce, Vsauce proves Michael is not awesome.
This guy blows my mind everytime
This is more educating than my entire school time ❤️
Yeah, i guess
My favorite time of the year, a Vsauce upload
How dare those people disliking
That was awesome! Thank you, Michael!
Damn a Lottocracy sounds genius why aren't we doing this
He will be back 3 months later. Few #shorts in between
The return of the return of the 🤴
Hes back!! :D
I brain farted like 50 times during this vid 😂
26:22 implying other people, even if random, should order me around lol (and yes, democracy is unreasonable)
6,993rd comment
Ah there you are.
I love how it was exactly 30 minutes
I can wait for Vsauce whole year, or can i?
fingers
I suddenly want to buy a bunch of Xbox’s.. 🤔
Wake up babe, new Vsauce video dropped
this outro hit different i was rlly vibing with it
Micheal has taught me more than my teachers have. *lets just think about that*
Good video
A fascinating educational video with a call to action at the end. I LOVE IT! I think this is now my favorite Vsauce video yet. As someone else said, the video was (quite literally) enlightening, and I have some thoughts.  In a perfect world, a lottocracy would work. People are chosen at random and they can come to conclusions with the help of others. No special interests, as mentioned in the video, can influence one person because everyone will eventually be recruited. However, there is an issue I have. More appropriately, it's a concern. People might be so entrenched in their beliefs, a consensus or decision wouldn't be reached no matter how good-intentioned the deliberation is. We see this with group discussion already--in Congress, Parliament, etc. People sometimes argue in bad faith, like supporting something one time and not another, for example. They also sometimes stick to their own biases. Really, though, we already have some form of that type of government, at least on the group deliberation aspect. That is Congress, Parliament, or another discussion-based section of government. At least in the US (and maybe in other countries as well), some of the problems we have now could be solved by campaign finance reform, which includes limiting the power of special interests. And as mentioned previously, the discussion aspect talked about in the video is something we already have. So, maybe aspects of lottocracy can be implemented or are already existent in our current governmental systems. Or maybe I'm missing something--maybe I should adjust my views on this by group deliberation. Group deliberation about a government system entirely focused on group deliberation. That'll be interesting.
me, not having watched the video yet, but jumping to extrapolations: there better be a future of reasoning since IQ in rich countries is stagnant / decreasing and we all have the attention time span of a goldfish paired with the mental robustness of a snowflake!
Can I marry you?
why are the subtitles so different from what's being said?
The phrase Hey "Vsauce Michael Here" is a memory of mine that im never forgeting
just when the world needed him most.. he came back.
0:05 it's in the gutter 😏
All proponents for a lottocracy..raise your hand! Everyone who disagreed...don’t leave the room, we need you too.
I think the Great Filter is a pretty silly theory because it completely disregards all the reasons we may not have made contact with aliens in favour of what feels almost like the anxiety and paranoia of texting a friend and them not texting you back: "Why haven't they replied? They should have replied! Is something wrong? Did something happen?!"  In reality, our bubble of communications is like an atom compared to the entire Earth. It's a tiny invisible speck. The fastest transmissions we can send out move at lightspeed, and if we sent a signal 50 years ago travelling at lightspeed, well it's only reached 50 lightyears away. But planets containing intelligent life could be thousands, millions, or billions of lightyears away. And if they sent signals out travelling at lightspeed from a million lightyears away, firstly it'd be so diffused that we likely couldn't detect it or be blocked by any number of objects floating around in space, and secondly it would take a million years to reach us, and a reply would take a million years to return to them, by which point they could have gone extinct simply because of time.
My mind is inside my room
This was a suprisingly complete essay from an epistemological issue and its direct implications in political theory. I think you reached out conclussions that were already present in the first Frankfurt School, couldn't stop thinking of Adorno's Negative Dialectics.
This is like the teacher who is absent for 98% of the school year
Don't you think that partnering with one of the world's richest men creates a conflict of interest in a video about, in part, saving the most vulnerable among us? I don't know if Bill Gates truly cares about climate change or not, and I don't think it matters. What does matter is that he is the LEAST likely to be affected by it. Furthermore, many of the systems that he profits off of WILL NOT PROFIT under legislation that actively reduces emissions. This NEEDS to be noted. It is unfortunate that we look to a man who is worth a lot of money when trying to solve the worlds problems instead of looking to people who are experts on the issues we are trying to solve or people who will be the most impacted by the consequences.
The best engineer is actually a group of good engineers. I've found this to be true in every group project I've ever been in, so long as the group respects the ideas of every person involved
:O
AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA
Very good video, Micheal
We do not employ too much "reason", our system is deeply unreasonable: we chase endless unsustainable profits, we don't distribute things based on basic needs, or need at all, the market is an unnecessary abstraction number game, forced on us by state violence, protecting the interests of an elite minority, that could only sustain itself by immersing the population in propaganda that normalizes this arrangement, apparently your videos are compatible with this propaganda. We must in fact become actually reasonable about how and why we produce goods. Right now, our workplaces are private dictatorships where we are slaves to our bosses, the many work to enrich a few. It's IRRATIONAL. Michael, without Marxist or Anarchist theory, your video will never scratch the truth of such matters. Liberalism has brought us here, it's not suited for the task of critiquing itself. Bill gates sucks, honestly just some rudimentary critical research reveals this. He's a bad person, who hides behind the illusion of the philanthropic capitalism, he has the money to fix the world, but no individual should be given that power, he's got the whole world transfixed with the idea of a world where capitalism is sustainable and people like him can and should answer our problems, except the mega rich don't do that, their wealth is built on the exploitation and suffering of others, and selfish bastards like that hoard and don't share, it's not a moral judgment, it's just true. Type in the search bar: "Breadtube Bill Gates" for just a focused taste of it. I'm disappointed you would platform him Michael, when there are way more radical solutions that need to be done for our survival. The fact is we have 9 years before were past the tipping point, if that, Bill Gates doesn't have the answer, we need a complete overhaul of our economic system to be based on need and sustainability, and it is precisely by those with platforms as large as yourself exploring these things and showing people that we can have a chance. You've failed, but I know you can do better, hope you will soon. Please look to proletarian solutions to our problems instead of bourgeois ones.
We all know we're gonna return to this video in a few years.
Funny enough I woke up and said I miss Mr.Sauce where he at? Thanks big guy :)
Karens are going to ruin that future
Where can I buy an awesome-ometer to see if I'm awesome?
❤️❤️❤️
This video is: 100% Vsauce 100% background music 100% reasoning 100% awesome
Aren't people releasing such gases just being alive, and breathing.
Breaking News: Facts do care about your feelings
Best Vsause vid ever
YESSSSS BACK AT IT AGAIN!!!
Has it been a year?
Well, You lost me at "Hey Vsauce" 😆
I certainly support discussion groups, that would enable me to convince the climate change & feminist ideologs that they are wrong.
More censorship keeps us wrong
Vsauce's videos aren't like normal video essays with clear lines of reasoning, they are more like the way your mind wanders plus extra educational information.
No Vsauce music at 1:55 absolutely crushed my soul
the thing about the "wisdom of the crowd" thing... this assumes that the biases of the crowd will cancel out, but if everyone shared a particular bias, the crowd would reflect that. i think lotacracy is a bad idea because it cannot effectively make use of the crowd, but even if it could, it might not guarantee desirable results. instead, i think a system that allows for the creation of competing systems nested within it would be best. meritocracy is a better ideal to strive towards than democracy, as democracy will not always be merit based.
Vsauce is a hero of our generation, he helps educate the youth of this generation, whilst maintains it being entertaining. Thank you Vsauce.
There are facts though.. wonder if there's a reason?
Alternative title: How does twitter works?
Watching this at 1 am, 9 hours before my exam lol
Welp im done listening you now . Shill. Bill Gates literally said he wanted to block out the sun with chalk and you're going to promote his book like he's smart or something
Vsauce has teleportation powers. We are doomed.
Vsauce has the same Ikea chair that I do
Whoever did these subtitles deserves a slap on the wrist
This reminds me of people saying "it's more dangerous out there for our kids now". It isn't. It's probably less dangerous now, but there is a greater forum for hearing horror stories.  So we hear more horror stories and it persuades us to think "it's more dangerous". But like VSauce just said, that's reasons for us to believe it's dangerous, but not good reasoning!
During the experiment where the magician added the rejected faces back in, I think what the subjects brain is doing is assuming they liked that face and reasoning that they must have liked it for a reason. Then the brain tries to make sense of the situation and invents a reason on the spot. It's like when people with Alzheimer's forget how a story went or what was said earlier in a conversation and make up something that makes sense to them without even realizing it.
I hope I get to live long enough to be in a lottocracy utopia.
Michael, you have touched in such a big issue in our planet.
Lottocracy barely works in our courts as it is, I would be horrified to have it as a basis for government. A group needs only threaten a riot and the safety of the jurors in order to get the outcome they desire.
No Vsauce bought out by big billionaire Bill Gates, capitalising and coloniolising climate change. No more billionaires!
I freaked out when I saw the same chair on the screen as I am sitting on rn and michael popping in asking where my mind is???
This was absolutely brilliant.
9:31 If reasoning is so great, why isn't there a reasoning 2 🤔
This upload schedule is unheard of and I'm all for it.
What if we create a state were the people in goberment is changed every year, randomly selected (no "all mighty president"), between people that has at least a certain education and/or amount of profits (which means is clever enough to succeed in what he/she works), and that volunteer to be part of it? Always being informed by as many specialists they think they need, for every decision they take. Of course, that wouldn't even be needed if only good education and easy/secure/cheap ways of voting exists, Vcause it would be the most democratic participation of the crowd. Great video! And as always, thx 4 reading
The legend returns
I liked the part        Or is it?
I just want to add that "Reason" is just the English word we have for this thing. Call it Gorflog or Yexnish, it is still the same thing. I don't know if that matters but I'm 2 vodkas deep into a vsauce video so here we are.
My optimistic nihilism gives this a big chefs kiss
Ah yes, time to contemplate life and history
Woah, Papa V let this sauce simmer for a while before that intro question.
Loved your videos and thought u were intelligent until I heard you say something about collaborating with Bill Gates.
Great stuff!
Never fails to blow minds 🤯🤭😁
5:43 there it is
This video turned me into a bleeding heart lottocrat. Just one question... who gets to determine who is considered an expert?
Great reminder to let go of biases and listen to everyone's opinion. Something everyone desperately avoids, intentionally or not. Thanks for this amazing video.
Bill Gates is an evil villain.
vsause
Your Videos in german....Holly fuck...Awesome  Thanks for All your Videos  Greetings from germany
Michael never misses
I am speechless
goddamit another bill gates video
Micheal is finally here again
Not only was this video enjoyable, it was good. Educational. Best vsauce video I know of.
In my opinion, the best video Michael made since the end of Mindfield.
Let's fuckin go bois
interesting
DAMN, what a video, thanks u mike
excited squealing
Does it matter if Michael is an Elephant? He's awesome nonetheless.
Hey michael, vsauce here
This is a banger video
Just got high and this shit got me fucked up
Love all the videos, but could we maybe get a space video. I rewatch the old one over and over.
Lone thinkers is the epitomy of Twitter
If the theory that we are all one consciousness experiencing itself subjectively is true, then we are technically largest organism on earth...
vsauce we have missed you
Give me ur sauce
So when we starting The Great Mind Revolution
I can not wait for the out of context people to get to this one.
I still wanna know how the rupper ball spit trick worked.
I just realized that when he says what the brain is its almost similar to an older video aboit alzheimer
g o o d
new vid Neuron activation*
HOLY                                FUCK.
New vsauce video, made my day
Stands to reason that Michael has a good noggin
Think.
Let’s actually make a nice civil conversation in this comment section chat. How exactly can we fix our world and everyday problems?
Michael Stevens DESTROYS Reasoning with FACTS and LOGIC.
yroue mother
Michael: we don’t always give good reasons   Also Michael: YOU WILL BE BROUGHT BACK TO LIFE BY FUTURE HUMANS IF YOU FIX GLOBAL WARMING
Vsauce is saying we are a pseudo hivemind
8:15 That white frame destroyed my sight...
If it's in partnership with bill gates why tf isnt he in the video :/
More sauce!
Why does Bill Gates have to invade every big YouTuber's conversation about the climate? Naomi Klein's book on the matter "This Changes Everything: capitalism vs. the climate"  is perfectly good at explaining these problems. Also it is incredibly reductive to see our environmental externalities as products of mere individual thought- it is a product of systemic market incentives which drive selfishness.
7 seconds in and he's already got me hooked. Damn you, Michael!
LEEEEEEEEEEEETTTTTTTTTTSSSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO VSAAAAAAAAUCE VIDEOOOOOOOOOOOO
could have takled about how its not reasonable to agree on stuff to save the world from hunger and war etc. since its own genes and own social group (family, friends) standards vs everyone else and not humans vs nature anymore.  Also, different opinions so raise the chance of our species' survival or core groups survival.    we outrun the times where sticking to out old "survival mathod" safes us since it might ruin our lifes with the same chance as changes. to get the product with more functions makes only sense if they are very similar in price and quality in your example... hell you covered so much and theres still so much to say XD
This probably wouldn't be such a big issue if people like Bill Gates hadn't spent the last several decades decimating our education system and profiting off of people's biases
And Vsause is back with is yearly videos
An indictment of the mass-media (as evidenced by the blurry newsroom at 23:23). Trusting them and their reasons, no matter how weak...
Lil Nas X: call me by your name Vsauce: what is a name? Is it the verbal sound we create with our vocal cords to call others to attention or is it the name of the species i am apart of? Let's think about that.
I watched the entire video... no particular reason
I wonder if Michael has seen CUT channel videos  he might change his mind on ‘the peoples’ reasoning and choice ability lol
these videos are my life these shape me as a person
what in this flat earth are you on about this time
Hey Michael, why is the color grading on you and the room in this video just kind of ugly?
Michael just made a 30 minute long video calling me out for writing a lazy research paper
*clicks on video* *opens description* "This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates" *closes video*
Here within the first 2 hours. That's a first...
Thank you Michael from Vsauce.
Sheeeeeeesh
FINNALY A LONG VIDEO
You touched base on an issue which I feel has plagued not only my personal life, but my life as a content creator making EDU videos. Creating YouTube videos and doing so much research has ironically brought me to a position in my life where I feel like I know less than I ever have at any point.  Even though I technically know more, I recognize more clearly than ever that there is much more out there that not only I don't know, but I don't know that I don't know.  Information I can't access, information I can't understand.  When I was younger, I had so much confidence in what I thought I knew and making videos was so easy.  That said, the accuracy often took a hit, because what I didn't know almost existed in in a state of object permanence. I didn't know about it, I didn't think it could exist...  As I've gotten older the level of research I need to do before I feel confident in what I say in the videos I produce has increased to an almost unhealthy level to a point where I can't even make videos...  That could be both in the context of simply getting things wrong, too having an incomplete understanding and subsequently explanation of something. Introducing people to topics in a poor manner.  Though I think it's important to know as much as you can about subjects you want to talk about, but I think there is also can be a point where you may recognize that you know so little about things as they exists in their totality that you completely lose your confidence to talk about it all together.  Is that wisdom? I don't know, Plato* talks about Socrates allegedly being told that he was said to be the wisest of all the Greeks because he alone knew that he knows nothing. I understand that, but how do you tell how much of something you need to know before you really know it?  How can you feel confident that you know anything?
My mind is way out in the water
I only use Confirmation bias on my university essays cus Im lazy :p
OH A NEW MAIN CHANNEL VSAUCE VIDEO
If VSauce starts every video with “Hey VSauce, Michael here” and he’s addressing us, does that mean that we’re VSauce? If so, when we address him, shouldn’t we say “Hey Michael, VSauce here”
well now i'm sad
Where ISNT your mind when your inside it?
5:47 bass drop
Have you lost your mind, son? I WILL HELP YOU FIND IT -stanley -michael stevens -wayne gretsky
1:20 sad that he didn't say we live in a society
20:23 .. are.. you arguing against everyone educating themselves as much as possible? How could you not advocate for research skills?  I want to  be wrong.
The lottocricy problem i see is the statistical likelyhoods that any particular group of chosen folk will be proportionate to the overall scope of what is popular, of 50% of the populaxe is christian, what are the chances that you will get a random group comprised entirely of christians? Or imagine a descision on astrophysics was decided by a team of white supremacists? What are the chances their ideals would taint the descision in a bias one way or another?
ya know the Vsauce vid be hitting when you're staring at a black screen listing to outro electronic thinking about your insignificance and glory as an ape on a rock
Baffling that he would chose to inject a Bill Gates sponsored climate change message in an otherwise impartial video about reason
Only 331k views in 2 hours?     This is too slow for a Vsauce video.  SHARE THIS THING, PEOPLE!!!
"But we actually seem almost programmed to be bad. Like the flaws are intentional." ~Proof that we are all sinners.
Way out in the water.... you can see it swimming... if you were positioned above the firmament
Yes, we are egregoric hiveminds. Finally you figured it out, michael. And now that youve gotten here, you're going to be discovering alot about the universe that most often dont even concieve of. Enjoy whatever amount of sanity you have left, because itll be well gone by the time you reach that sort of knowledge. Soon you'll realize that the entire universe acts as a hivemind, everything determining how, when and why everything is going to happen. Everything determined in the matter of a planck time, essentially the fps of the universe. Once you get past that idea, you can figure out how to manifest it. How certain things trigger certain things to happen, the ultimate cause and effect. Congrats, pal. You've just reached the second stage of infinite knowledge. The first was discovery of the universe, this one is knowing it intricately. The last is unknown to me or probably anyone else on earth, but i can only assume it is the aquirement of perfect knowledge, mastery of everything.
Welcome back, King
"Instead of using reasoning to come to conclusions, we use conclusions to come to reasons." 15:01
YES 30 MINUTE VSAUCE VIDEO
Great shit as usual Vsause. Love this one.
it seems like were in a bit of a predicament are are hmmmmm yes or are weeee
lmao a bill gates sponsored video explaininig why small anarchist communes are better at decision making
13:45-13:56 gee; its almost as if we have an instinctual urge to defend something that is attributed to us, regardless of how defensible it is. Maybe this means that any attempt to reason what is "good" and what is "bad" is inherently futile, and people have therefore found it to be more reliable to look for answers to these questions by seeking outward sources such as gods.
Good, 30 mins.
Great video Micheal. You gave me a lot to think about, thanks.
babe wake up new vsauce vid dropped
Holy heck Michael how do you one-up yourself with *EVERY* new video?
The resolve to all the assembled variables listed here, in the context of the initially poised hypotheticals, is nirvana, blow out.
As always, thank you for your brilliance.
thank you for shattering my brain once again :)
You know it's a good sauce vid when the intro is 6 minutes long
27:18 that "all of us" hit hard though
Makes you wonder if it might be better to have jury deliberations in small quorums and then count the votes
proof biden is a puppet, and proof you puppets who follow him, follow him for a reason
Hello, anyone please tell me if Vsauce has a podcast? 🥺
ladies and gentlemen, The 2nd Vsaumeinar of 2021! 😇🌌
I would totally subscribe to a channel where you vote how many jellybeans are in a jar and your vote contributes to the average, for the real number to be revealed at the end of the week.
Reason = copium.  Got it.
He comes when we need him most
Every programmer ever: 15:40
I love Vscause, explaining life lessons in a scientific sense. This video is so deep love it
Ayn Rand dislikes this video.
You actually scared me when the video started
15:01 "Instead of using reasoning to come to conclusions, we use conclusions to come to reasons."  Mind-blowing quote of the month.
I’m almost convinced Vsauce, and an extension Micheal, only exist when he decides to upload
catastrophic anthropogenic global warming . . . cue eye roll.  Really, zero emissions is what we need?  Tell mother nature.
Time to sit down and educate myself. Tell us everything vsauce
What if in the US, we replaced all senators with 2 random people from each state?
I’m like, uh... 9 mins in But here’s my thoughts about individual humans and our group as a whole The Enlightenment and the progress after it was amazing for the development of the collective or average logical intelligence and high percentile logical maturity of humans It, however, left emotional intelligence and maturity untouched. Logic had an exponential explosion of growth, but emotion was left to its natural snails pace of development Human behavior-wise, this is (my hypothesis for) why Twitter is such a cesspit. The emotional maturity is so low that frustration from not being able to handle people who care about different things plays out as sheer anger and emotionally justified vitriol.  Basically, people suck at Rhetoric because the Pathos side of humans has been entirely unexplored.  Another place is with advertising. Ads rarely try and go any further than the umbrella emotional values (the things people care about). Things like death, the threat of never reaching success, or the promise of reaching success.  Ah shit I ran outta think juice.
EARLY??
National deliberation day, so thanksgiving?
I enjoy philosophy but not when its driven by a political agenda. Still some interesting points though.
Yoooooo we should use this comment section to debate about the all of the issues in the world today. And then through logical reasoning we will come to the best (closest to the best) ideas. We will eliminate biases if more people participate. What could go wrong? Nothing Whatsoever.
What one have, other wants, and a third looking.   🦚
“Some researchers have suggested ‘national deliberation days’” I mean, they don’t exist as national things, but in a way this type of thing already exists. I know he’s considered controversial (at least to people who’ve never even seen his show), but Steven Crowder from Louder with Crowder has a segment called “Change My Mind” (yes, he’s the meme) that actually facilitates these exact discussions. It’s a completely unedited video of people coming up to a table to discuss certain highly debated topics (abortion, racism, guns, etc) with the point being that each side needs to try and “rationalize” their point of view. More often than not, people walk away having a little more awareness of both the others’ pov and the entire discussion at hand, with lots of resources to take with them to look into later. Again, the point isn’t to fully convince the other side to change, it’s to hear each other’s actual arguments without the media mis-representing them. It’s really fascinating and I would highly recommend anyone from any viewpoint to give it a look.  Side Note: -Unfortunately, there are also those who try their hardest to disrupt these talks and won’t listen to a single word from Crowder.  -I would recommend starting with “Affirmative Action is Racist, Change my Mind” Despite it’s clickbaity title, it has very civil and chill conversations with both a student and professor at the college they’re at, with everyone walking away the better for it  -Yes, Crowder’s viewpoint is more conservative (and I often don’t agree with him). But the point is the discussion and that people from opposing views are talking, not his beliefs.
Well the actual video started at this time: 5:45. The music we all know and love kicked in
I feel like we won't be able to maintain this growth. It's crazy to think the first touch screen phone was sold in 2007 and now we have self-driving cars. I feel like it's growing faster than we can understand it. I feel like the gap between the rich and poor, educated and not-educated is increasing and humanity is diversifying more than ever.   The world we live in 30 years later might be the worst but ıidk just a random thought.
when the vsauce is vsus 😂😳!
God a lottocracy could be so beautiful.
I was thinking awesometer instead of awesomometer ?
The problem with people today is that instead of trying to understand your opinion and finding a midway, they preffer to just straight offend you ignore what you think.
a lottocracy doesn't sound so bad
Michael never ceases to amaze. I remember watching vsauCe ever since I was in middle school, and I'm graduating college this year.
The best quote from this vid was "no,I'm not an elephant"
Hey Michael! Vsauce here!
interaction
So intelligence manifests itself only relative to specific social and cultural contexts and is not entirely an innate property of individuals? Maybe AI techniques based only on artificial neurons will never result in a true human level general intelligence? Maybe we need to think more in patterns of social interaction between multiple AI components and extend our techniques with various ways for them to represent and collectively generate complex systems of narratives within an environment. A system of narratives that then make up an actual human-like understanding of the world and human-level general intelligence? On it!
Jawdropping
uhhh.. where’s the link to the petition to make america an electocracy with a system of sortitions?
The question of mind and logos has been asked and answered by almost everyone from Aristotle and Platon to Descartes and other modern philosophers.  Are the monads not mirrorless like Bertrand Russel suggested, or are they as double confirmed by Leibnitz.    You're talking about philosophy, logic came from philosophy, math wasn't even part of logic for a long time. Unfortunately isn't enough people remotely convinced that philosophy in it's artistic form, as produced by a single mind, viable. Even though the Hawk himself mostly quoted dead philosophers in a large portion of his books.
Aww yiss, time to watch this then binge a bunch of other vsauce videos before I watch this one again.  Like I always do when new vsauce1 vids come out
Dude. Bro. You just rocked my world
The man finally made a question video
You lost me at bill gates. He has no room to talk about climate when his company alone has a massive carbon footprint. Once he cleans that up I’ll listen. He needs to stick to what he knows
This is unreasonable.
Finally! An upload 🥲 when you spoke about reasons to eat the ABC burger, I was hoping to find out why people would reply with “oh okay” to the friend while others will go “but this place has this this and that”, why do some people choose not to exercise reasoning against push back?
Not gonna lie there was no notification but some cosmic power made me come here.
I look to falsify my beliefs, not confirm them.
What a goat
Man one vsauce video and now I'm anxious about the literal sum of all human innovation, this sure it's quite the thicket. Thanks Michael, it was a good video at least.
The mind is not anywhere. It is not an object in space. I wish people would read Wittgenstein/Ryle
I am not an elephant
Me: Trying to go to sleep Michael: Where is your mind?
The return of the king
Oh its time for school!
Where’s the old vsauce music though :(
5:48 The Music comes on reminding me I'm watching Vsauce Me: "Finally, the anticipation was killing me."
This is the best Vsauce video yet, and I can promise you I've seen them all. Well done, Michael.
ew
Time for Mind Blowing Time
Watching this has made me realize something. The first person to think to pick something up and hit something with the object they picked up, is a genius. It seems so simple, but its not. Say you're an ape. You do a lot of the things you need to do with your hands, and your hands alone. Where a long the line do you think hitting something with something else is the right idea? You shouldn't. You had no reason to think that.
i'm so scared of the future and this isn't helping. but I do hope I live long enough to see humanity to change to something better of even just something different
evolution is from learning from memes to learning from vsauce
The problem is that you assume everyone is trying to achieve the same end goals with reason. If your goal is to save all of humanity, then sure, attacking climate change (or the next boogeyman) has merit. If you are not trying to save all of humanity, then adapting your own behaviors to deal with the foreseen consequences of climate change has more merit.  In scenario one, a group would be attempting to mitigate climate change because they see themselves as part of humanity, and see it as saving themselves. In the second group, they have separated themselves from humanity and see a reduction in the number of other humans as a net positive for their own survival. Both methods of reasoning are perfectly valid.  The problem that the future is going to have to contend with is: who is allowed to create context to declare which solution is valid, and how much force will they be allowed to exert in order to enforce that solution?
I figured out the Peter, Paul, and Mary question all on my own. 😊  I will now allow likes and comments, so that you can all participate in my greatness in your own small way.
Return of the -king- Daddy.
It's 3 am in here but you know the rules its Vsauce video
Finally
Michael Jackson failed to bring harmony and unity to the world with the Earth Song; We are doomed to failure. Bring back Spartan Culture.
Absolutely phenomenal work as always Michael.
Michael really has a knack for making videos about topics I'm currently thinking about. I wonder if we all think the same.
The Sauce Man hath published a new video
I was starting to get worried until 5:51 when the VSauce theme came in
See y'all next year
this guy works for the g-man (from half-life)
POGGERS
Michael, you may not be an elephant, but we all think you are AWESOME
Dude, when Vsauce pops up, your  A. Dreaming  B. End of a bad day C. He's alive! Since I only live on YouTube and say no to literally all other social media. D. All of the above.
Fantastically topical - great video. Well done to everyone involved \o/
Welcome to: Vsauce actually releases a video and the comments go insane about it
I'm very unhappy Vsauce is selling out to Bill Gates and his propaganda. Capitalism is one of, if the most important, contributor to climate change and a video about big ideas should recognize that and not partner with Bill Gates
Vsauce started uploading youtube videos makes me wonder.
I'm way 2 stoned for this shit
❤️
This should be compulsory study for our politicians.
Beautifully said! A powerful and humbling paradigm of thinking. I love the idea of a lottocracy and what that could do for our global society. Thanks for the inspiring video, Michael!
I love that after all these years thestyle of these videos stayed the same. Fantastic.
ecuasV
I know this is cutting this close to sate but since the #colorthespectrum event is happening two days from now and the Autistic community bringing attention to the dangers of Next for Autism’s “charity” are you still going to be involved with the steam?
Nobody asked. Everyone needed.
christmas came early
I love how every time vsause uploads a new video i have to wach it atleast 3 or 4 times to acually understand: The first time i wach it izs for the memes The second time im tryna understand what he is sayin The third time i acually do understand what he is sayin. .Ps are you continuing mind field?
Michael is giving us an education that many pay 50k a year for... Thank you, Michael and Team VSauce
Honey vsauce uploaded a video! Huh cool. Honey it's 30 mins. Get the kids
Its funny because we already use a similar system when it comes to the jury.
Here before a million?  👇
Why do I want everyone I know to watch this? :)
0:01 it's ya boy    aehweheweh
ah yes, i too make judgements and make plans with my screwdriver
ah yes, i too make judgements and make plans with my screwdriver
Damn partnership with bill gates...  well I can't be mad that you're making some money but please Michael, if you can avoid it don't use him. Bias or not there is a plethora of reasons not to trust that oligarch turd... but anyway I've been a fan of your work since adolescence so I won't let that kill my joy.
9:54 Ben Shapiro moment
I am NOT an Elephant- Michael, 2021
Michael for president. All in favor?
Hey visauce
woo woo little shoe
This video was good! And damn that last bit about future generations reviving old ones was mind blowing
Fugget, Im game for a lottocracy in the US
2am in the morning is not a good time to watch this, see you all again in the morning when I take a second rck at it 😁
Thank you for another great brain stimulant Michael.
Stopped the video when I saw the description say "This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates".  Nope nope nope!
I love the fotm of government you inferred but I'm just wondering how would we estate it in the first place? I don't think many people would agree and even if they did, it would take a huge amount of effort to enact.
Let’s kill off capitalism
Thank you for this video Vsauce, the reason to see you was worth it.
I think that educational environments (depending on the way subjects are taught) reflect this co-operative, collective reasoning, with informed discussions, debates and group projects. Students are being taught that global warming is not necessarily good and that we are causing an impact on the natural order of this world with the way our societies develop. This is good particularly as most students collectively agree and acknowledge that it’s an issue that needs to be addressed. So I guess education is good starting point to see collective reasoning, if those classes value group discussions and debates.
The future of reasoning is cancel culture.  You don't get to think unless it's aligned with the agenda.
the  answer to the puzzle is not enough information if u are too skeptical since we dont know if that mary is the same mary
I love Vsauce and Michael. I would love if he made more frequent videos
Thank you again micheal
I had surmised the concept of a Lottocracy in college, but didn't know what to call it - thank you for finally allowing me to put a word to the idea!
Bars upon bars
This validates all my pondering so hard, which makes me happy. Kinda proves the video lol.
damn this was a really interesting one, ought to try and challenge my own views a bit more really
I have to disagree with the idea that humanity would be better off as a hive mind. Humanity is constantly progressing, we are getting more intelligent and our technology is still improving very quickly. Such a diversion from what has brought is the prosperiy we have now would be irrational. Just because the world isn't perfect doesn't mean handing off control to some random person would be an improvement. Speaking of technology improving, do you really think someone couldn't be bought out within a reasonable timeframe? You can go anywhere in a day and cash is faster. Your idea wouldn't even eliminate evil, it would just become more primitive.  The notion that people should follow instead of lead, can you imagine? Yeah sure, stagnate human growth. That actually made me mad, simply disrespectful to every great mind who ever lived. Not sure how you want quantum reality without someone making a breakthrough on their own or AI help. If it's even possible, it could be a complete disaster murdering billions or depending on the human population at the time, trillions of people to create sentient AIs. I never thought I would hear you say such things. I find this video disturbing at best.
THATS THE RUB
Finally a Vsauce video, we should leave it a like.
here before 1m
Most people lie, then cover up for gain and/or protection.  They didn't made the choice, but still they defended it. Lies!
mom when i drop a glass of water: 0:05
1:58 For a second, I thought he was reaching for a different organ of reason
Is it just me, or are his newer videos not as easy or interesting to follow. Since he left and came back. They’re no longer about interesting thought experiments.
If we are "a way for the cosmos to know itself" then this video is "a way for the cosmos to reason why it should know itself".
Can Vsauce recap my semester in an hour for my final tomorrow?
at timestamp 16.58 you say "is is", I guess nobody noticed that when they were proof reading your script.
We missed you man. Welcome back
already tried to like three times by the 8 minute mark.
Vegans were right.
once again i think i know everything and nothing at the same time
U cant force ppl to make their mind. They come to their on conclusion or they will never accept urs.
Crazy how a video whose main argument implies that whoever can buy the most advertisements holds the single most power in society is sponsored by Bill Gates. Huh.
First video since I subscribed
loving Michael's take on "ancient aliens"  let's bring back make citizen politicians!
YEEEEEEEEEEES
Nah, you need to have people to be figureheads if nothing else. Lottocracy would mean that there is no foundation for society. Monarchy is the natural state of man.
You lost me when you mentioned bill gates ...
Vsauce talks for 30 minutes about reasoning. Karen: Well yes, but actually no...
Groups have been observed to make worse decisions than individuals too! Also, Lottocracy isn't good for minorities, since they would be less likely to be chosen for any particular matter and even less likely to be chosen for the particular matters that affect them. This makes any decision made by the group to be an average of the majority, which isn't always good. Decisions by groups may be better for counting candy in a jar, when there is a clear desired goal, but it's clearly not good for political matters, where polarization, cultural or religious matters can make people choose unanimously one single mediocre option. For example: A country with a strong religious presence will bias the decision of the group against legalising gay marriage (or in more severe cases, decriminalising LGBT people), or abortion. Even in the presence of experts, religious beliefs are tailored to be separate from observation, axiomatic and intimate, while at the same time sacred and normative. So if someone believes that blastocyst has a soul and therefore should be protected, or that gays shouldn't be allowed to marry, it doesn't matter how many experts you throw at them, their religious beliefs are more ingrained and intimate to them than any 5 minute lecture on the development of the nervous system. The future of reasoning should not be at random, especially now when we need to think about the long-term. In order to protect everyone, we need planning, coordination and organisation. Three things the pandemic has proven that we don't have as much as we think we do.
OMG ITS MICHEAL STEVENS WTFFF
Industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for human race.
So vsauce sold out to the devil himself  gate's
liberal
My mind is in my mind
well this just brought on an exotic new kind of existential crisis i didn't know i was capable of
Honey wake up! Vsauce just posted!!!!!1
My head hyrts
My mind is in my mind
I love your videos
"We will someday be the Ancients. And we can choose what that will mean." Bravo! Well done Michael Stevens! Vsauce forever! Bravo! Hear, hear! Pip pip!
I don’t care that it’s 6 months late. Brilliant video.
So nice to see you pop up on my recommended again! Welcome back
I don't care how little you upload your videos are masterpieces everytime
Potato
What a special episode!
i just realized i watched vsauce talk to me for a straight 30 minutes
Another banger, michael never misses
No one: Vsauce: t o f u   b r a i n
Maybe every civilization had come to a point of reasoning that it’d be better for the universe if they didn’t exist
Funny thing: I just talked with OpenAI in the chat-preset with the engine "Davinci" about what it wants to accomplish. And the Goal for it in its opinion is to help us saving time with collecting as much data as possible and making the decisions for us. For example: What outfit do you wanna wear? Then it would analyze our mood, the weather and all the other stuff and would decide the best outfit for us. (that's not what I asked it, the AI told me this as an example for its goal which it wants to reach in the future)
A Great Video on a Great topic, the way of rational thinking had my curiosity for a long time now. Am happy that because of this even more people will be interested.
he do be back doe
8 months roughly for the next video everyone 👍
yes
We don't deserve this guy. He teaches us, gives us meme formats, funny, hard working, smart. no one can ask for more.
V
Oh boy, here I go having an existential crisis again
YAY, Vsauce!
This video was needed YEARS ago honestly
My mind is in the gutter
Thank you for this video.
Nice
Michael is awesome...       or is he?
these videos are some of the best on the platform, thank you v-sauce
You rock michael
Crowds aren't wise. Crowds are dumb. They do dumb things like mob justice.  Why would we use a bunch of random people to decide stuff? They won't necessarily know anything about what they're deciding. Experts should run the country, and if they want to make changes, they should have to let everyone vote in a referendum between all of the different options, including keeping things the exact same. We shouldn't even be electing anybody. Politicians are only out for themselves. The direction of the country should be dictated by everybody, not just some people. There should obviously be rules in place to stop people making dumb decisions, like legalising murder of certain groups of people or something like that. All rules made should apply to everybody equally, otherwise it's not democracy, it's majoritarianism...
Vsause: “where is your mind?” Me: well, technically, it’s focusing on the video I’m watching, or I could say it’s in my head comparing it to my brain
I need to rewatch this. This is good
Do you know what the ultimate argument is?
OMG Vsauce is a Marxist channel
You just gotta love V-Sauce's videos holy it's been a while since I last saw one of these videos... it simply explains so many questions and very interesting ones man, I might be the only one but this type of videos make me feel good cause I understand and I learn
I don't do things for anybody though
Yo this might sound SUUUUPER arrogant and narcissistic, but over the last year I have been writing a paper trying to use chaos theory/cellular automata theory to give the basis for a unified theory of everything. An excerpt from that paper deals very extensively with the development of reasoning paths and it matches almost perfect to the content of this video. The excerpt is relatively short (like 8 pages I think), I’m just really wanting more people to see and expand upon what I’m trying to say cause I’m really dumb and can’t develop the idea very far. I’m a biochemical engineer by trade so I have a fairly solid grasp of the science I’m trying to explain but also I’m an idiot so 99% of what I’m trying to say is definitely wrong. Thanks to anyone who bothered to read this comment, please DM me if you have any thoughts on these topics in general and want to read a really crappy essay! (If you want more info before deciding whether or not you wanna waste time reading it, basically it boils down to all complex development must initially stem from a medium interacting in a binary state, for physical existence it’s attraction/repulsion, for life evolution it’s life/death, and for reasoning it’s true/false, but all of these “development paths” are essentially the exact same thing. I then go on to attempt to generate a theory of what consciousness is, and how all things that exist, at some level, exhibit a type of consciousness. There’s a lot of cooler topics I attempt to explore (existence vs essence) as well so if that seems even mildly interesting please let me know! I’m just a real sad dumb man who can’t develop his ideas any further without way smarter people pointing me where to go, please help point me!
Huh, never expected Michael to make a diss track on Twitter users like this.
I can't believe VSauce worked with one of the people who most gains from our current values and traditions, to try to understand why we aren't changing them. Gates is one of the biggest reflections of the cancer that'll kill us.
4:19 when the Asian kid says "oh-no" at the start of the test
And Michael's reasoning always amazes me
It's funny how just last night I was wondering when the next vsause video was coming out and next time I get on my subscriptions I see you.
Vsauce really out here solving the 2 party system, honestly a breath of fresh air to see a youtuber/media saying the truth that everyone has their opinions for reasons, nobody is right or wrong, liberal, conservative, we should hear others out
Hey Vsause!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
3:50, "But how do you rethink everything?" I already do that everyday when I'm showering.
The king has returned
I feel wiser watching VSauce... like my mind reaches a different plane of existence altogether.
One of the most novel sociopolitical propositions I've seen, and the point was clearly laid out in an eloquent way. Here's to a future of cooperative logic!
brain goes brrrrr haha
oh...
Out in the water swimming
He is back with a full video
I took a break from mcat prep to watch this video and relax and now I’m thinking harder than I was when I was studying..
2+2=4 or is it?🤧
Well the more people who accept the mindless thought processes of marxist thought the less likely we will survive the next 100 years
Dude how are your videos so damn good. I love the way you make my brain feel
Partnering with Bill Gates? So you have entered a pact with Evil, Why?
Finally
What is the name of the track that starts at 20:55 ? Someone please tell me!
AHH... The king, 'MICHAEL' Is back again!
Finally, vsauce has spoken
The mind is in the collective, we're a primitive Borg hive mind.
I like your funny words magic man
I wasn’t planning on thinking today but here I am.
A sexually transmitted disease is what we really are.
HES’S ALIVE!
logic would be N/A with out God
Exactly why having corrupt conglomerates that own all the means of production is bad.
That is why it is dangerous to silence people for giving their opinions. whether is the Furry on twitter or the chistian fundamentalist on Facebook. They all have the same right to speak their mind as uwe do. If they gain any kind of authority where we don't agree, then it will be our voice that won't be silent.
I hope more people see this video THIS WAS INSANE!
I triple checked to make sure this is actually a new upload  Life is good
"Reasoning" doesn't sounds like a real word anymore.
I feel like citing Vsauce in arguments and scientific articles might be getting appropriate at this point. These videos are so well written and so insightful, it's truly incredible.
It's so frustrating that we have the resources to solve most of our problems but not the compassion
The man uploaded finally in months of nothing, but everytime he does it's worth to watch every single video that comes.
...just going to the store now to get some candy. Then I’ll watch the video!
Commenting for the algorithm
I'm way too sober for this
The worlds GREATEST teacher.  Thank you Mr Saucy Sauce
Hey Michael....ever think the reason we can't find aliens is because.....WE are the aliens. It's us walking around other planets in space suits. It's us probing the heavens with rocket ships. It's us that descend from the heavens to sample the universe.
This is like brain candy for me, it's all the right notes in my head. Hands down the best and most important Vsauce video in my opinion.
He's back
Oooooo vsause uploadedddd!!!!
Babe wake up half an hour Vsauce video
has anyone else noticed how good the fucking music is
Fuck you Michael! I'm supposed to be going to bed and you upload a video ;-;
Bill gates is a dirty capitalists who denied the covid vaccine to the poorest nations of the world.
See you guys next year!
The future of reasoning could be the reason of existence? Simulation theory sure sounds nice.
I just thought how cool it would be to watch a vsauce video while high I’m doing that sometime now.
This video is a home-run.
“Organisms that found it (reasoning) pleasurable, were more likely to use it”  So why can’t I orgasm from solving a math problem?
Petition for vsauce videos to replace all education
Welcome Mr Seldon, we've been waiting!
Let's be honest here, whenever we watch a new video of this channel we get wiser instead of just smarter
You are incredible.
Something that occurred, while Michael was describing the way intuition from observation 'just works', particularly in terms of social situations (with the example of knowing when someone is angry without having to specifically consciously parse all the reasons to reach that conclusion)... that's likely one reason why Autism is called Autism. The 'Aut' root, meaning the self - running directly up to the inability, or at least extreme difficulty, of employing the social form of reasoning. To an NAT (at least from my personal experience as one), the only way to know how someone is feeling is to either ask them, or to consciously assemble that conclusion from observations. To an NAT, it makes perfect sense to apply your strongest reasoning to a position you are holding when questioned, since that reasoning *isn't* social, it's just reason. It's why an NAT can get so distressed and annoyed when people use weak reasons to support their positions, because surely they must be able to see those reasons are weak and not sufficient to hold that position - the idea that the other person is engaging in social reasoning is practically alien to such a person.
To the 562 people who disliked this video, I hope you get your brain cells back.
Vsauce got bought out by bill gates 🤨
Philadelphia
communism will win!
This man could sell trees to a forest
I missed this so much lol
We were all deep in conversation about everything and nothing, I pulled out my phone, noticed the notification and said "Guys, there's a new Vsauce video" Without another word or any hesitation, we all stood up, went to the living room, popped this video on the TV and sat down quietly.
I agree that more humans that reason together will lead to good solutions,, but you have to take into account how uninformed some people are, how media will bias their views with lies or misleading news, etc. The general public doesn't have enough time to pay attention to even important laws and bills, because most of the public are simply uninterested or don't spend enough time to research and care
omgg, i've been waiting for this upload
Oh gwad... here we go...
my mind is in my mind...
Loved it
Thought this would be an interesting video. Too bad it was a global warming propaganda piece
The return of the king
This video was too political 😂😂😂 jkjk
Hello everyone, this is YOUR annual dose of Internet.
✝️Fellowship invite
A NEW VSAUCE VIDEO YEEEEEEEEEEEEESSSSSSSSSSS
Yo new vsauce video
now i want to eat at abc burguers
I was getting worried when it went 5 minutes without that iconic music
The answer is socialism and international collaboration. There’s more than enough to sustain everyone on the planet. Bill Gates peddles ecofascism.
2:52 Except that the climate was actually hotter than it is today just 4-500 years ago... or 2000 years ago... You know, the Medieval Warm Period. Or the Roman Warm Period. And i'm sure they didn't have cars, or huge industry, or massive power plants, or billions of cattle. Or the fact that climate even in the early 20th century was hotter than today, with 1921 being a particularly hot year.  Or the fact that natural disasters actually kill less people and cause less damage as the years go by...  There's lots of questions left unanswered when it comes to climate. Science sans reason wants us to believe that the only way the climate could get hotter is because of our activity, even though we know that to be false, even though a few decades ago they were warning us of an ice age. Science sans reason wants us to believe that this will spiral out of control, with the planet turning into Venus, despite the fact that there have been periods in the past with 20 times more CO2 in the atmosphere than today.  Reason is important. But when it comes to climate, there is no reason. Academics asking questions are blocked from publishing. Social media blocks people who question this. And people have violent reactions towards those that do. So where is the reason. Shouldn't reason say: "If i know it, i can prove it"? Shouldn't reason open people towards discussion and arguments? Where is the reason of the people that will answer this comment with insults and ridicule? If anyone even is allowed to see this comment, that is...  Seems to me that we have abandoned reason long ago in favour of "magic science": An illusion act of smoke and mirrors masquerading as science.
Egg
Michael Stevens is the only god now
Could you believe with all the outrageous bull going on now a days, seeing an upload from Vsauce was a literal relief. Thank you Michael don't stop!
4:58 The FACT that we still have not discovered other  intelligent life...woa hold on a second there. The us navy  and millions of ufo sightings around the world beg to differ.
I feel like there's a bit of a fallacy in here as this argument relates to government: the idea that there is a right answer that can be achieved through Vulcan style logic.  I've always considered that to be what politics is: deliberating on things that have no right answer.  Just a bunch of options and tradeoffs.    There are definitely facts to be bandied about in the process, but ultimately politics is the art of making people feel better about the world they live in (or at least good enough to not revolt, but bad enough to keep reelecting you, at any rate).  Thus, reason only has utility insofar as people are pleased by it -- which is to say, very little.  But that's not a failing of human logic.  That's just what it is to be a brain piloting a meat-mech around.   We like what we like.  We know it's illogical, but we still like it.
This is how plants communicate through mycorreiza. Each individual inputs information into the fungal web and then communal decisions are made, I'm terms of masting (where or not to invest energy as a community going to seed this year), or response to insect pests, droughts, or nutrient deficiencies.
if you think about it, the Bioshock timeline and sky cities are a possible future.
what a beutifull reflection, just comparable with what Carl Jung thought about humanity social neuralnetwork in his fantastic and romantic writing.
Making it in the first hour is just as good as first comment on this channel😂
I hear "or is it?" and expect to hear that same track.
Two minutes in:  Oh is this embracing the reconstitution of socialism? Edit:  Oh no bill gates partnership
Twitter is about to have a movement of lottocrats... fucking hell
"We will all someday be teachers ourselves, because someday we will all be history"
Lets gooooooo
無為
good job
Is it me or is Michael buff all of the sudden
Hopefully we get more Vsauce out of context from this
The mind is not an organ
Man just when I think it's not that complicated , Michael pulls out this: 1:57
i love these videos because weeks later im still starstruck by the astonishing information michael injected into my brain
The first few seconds reminds me of how Niquil makes you feel.
Michael always asks hypothetical questions and then answers them with even more questions
Food for thought, or for reason? 🤔
you're welcome Michael
By far the best video yet! Amazing! I love this stuff!!! Cheers from Mendoza, Argentina!
He comes back when the world needs him the most
you basically called out all republicans lol
Thanks for still making these 🙏
What year is it?
Vsause posted, “POG”... its 30 minutes long, “MeGa POg”
This could genuinely be one of the most important resources we have in getting ourselves out of this group-think tribalist society we're currently in. I'm genuinely impressed and will use this knowledge and be more social with my ideas going forward.
Hey Vsauce Michael here, are you made of poop?
He lost me after "Hey, Vsauce, Michael here..."
01:57 Actually that organ is talking about itself. Narcissist. Or is it?
Oof, they needed to reason through this script more. I never thought I'd be disappointed with a Vsauce video.
that last line........
Did someone else notice that this video combines knowledge from many earlier VSauce videos?
Dear Diary, today was a good day. Michael posted a new video.
Michael isn't an elephant, but he's definitely awesome
Hello
This video needs to spread around youtube like fried butter
All my homies love Vsauce
Wasn't the brexit referendum basically a lottocracy, except where every citizen was chosen, and the debates took place on facebook?
"Where is your mind?"  idk dude.. I'm still finding my height
Well... That was a bunch of hot garbage. Nice thoughts though, I guess.
Sorry. But can someone explain the mary puzzle. I don't get it at all.
No vaccine movement enthusiasts will be ''thrilled" by your collaboration with Bill Gates 🧐🥸🙄
This video was made in collaboration with WHO NOW??!??!
it's weird that I watch vsausce for the facts not the memes anymore
Now, if I could just get all those other, irrational people, to watch this, they would be rational like me 😉
You're talking about flat earthers, aren't you?
So what you’re saying the arrogance of humans is a big problem for change
So essentially: Humans are creatures of rhetoric, not logic.  That, does explain a lot.
12:20 yeah that’s called sin we were born with it from our parents who got it from their parents so on and so forth until Adam and Eve humans are inheritly evil and sinful
"where are your fingers" to "where is your mind"
So yeah lets get on that
Needed this :) <3
The great logic/logistic puzzle Q's, that's been in play since the beginning, is... How soon will we outgrow this planet...(?)...
wow epic 💚
The king is back
The quality of life is measured in concrete!
You partnered with the wealth-hoarding capitalist who refused to release COVID-19 vaccine patents for free to poor countries?
I love a new vsauce video
so good! It comforts my opinions so well!
The kimg is bacc.
Needed this
an awesomometer would be a cool bit of kit
When the world needed him most He returned
At about 13:40 the political beliefs must have been super minor ones then...
hi vsauce
Wake up honey, new Vsauce video for us to be educated with
If you look on Google a gram viewer, you can see the words “or” “is” and “it” has gone up significantly ever since vsauce was created, or is it?
good video, but bill gates is kind of a snake
"where is your mind?" WAY OUT IN THE WATER SEE IT SWIMMING
0:57 aight the vsauce theme didn't start to play, there's something wrong
Michael is awesome Michael is not an elephant Elephants are not awesome
happy to see you mike, i missed you.
just like how when Eurobeat plays you know something epic is about to go down. Vsauce's Moon men has conditioned us all to prepare our minds with philosophy
😍😍😍😍
Return of the King
See yall in 5 years when this gets recommened again
Te amo, porra
Can anyone identify Michael’s watch?
HES BACK
Deus Ex - Helios ending
man I miss these video...
Are we going to ignore the fact that Michael literally partnered with Bill Gates?  I think it was the beard.
Oh, cool, a new vsauce vi— 0:03  AHH!! Stooop! I coulda dropped my croissant!
Can you make a video on first principles thinking of physics way of things. Not everyone know how to think that way.
WAKE UP  NEW VSAUCE VIDEO
Why lottocracy and not direct democracy? There is enough technology to let everyone to discuss and decide instead of a few elected.
So good!
Egg
To take that purpose of reasoning argument further I'd say it's quite likely we were evolved to hallucinate in controlled circumstances since it's advantageous to our survival in greater society as a whole. We can intuitively define absences all the time like with shadows to beget our survival in the wilderness since it's easier to process the staving off of an object of darkness than the filling in of an absence of light rays. For all we could really know something like a song or movie within an object reality could just be a big chunk of decorated time we can only witness in piecemeal in order to recreate/render the full 4D image in our mind's eye to form an opinion. I'm certain that even if someone could witness things like that in a full chunk upon immediate viewing they'd be hard pressed when it comes to social gatherings to the point that the less objective witnesses of reality would be clearly more advantaged. Those who hallucinate asocially or antisocially are generally punished while those who hallucinate socially are rewarded. At least that's how I see it.
There's wisdom of the crowd, but there's also stupidity of the crowd. A collective mind can still fall for some individual biases, and even create biases of its own. (this is definitely not me trying to reason something I already believe in)
29:10-29:15 I can’t quite figure out why, but the way Michael delivers this line moves me. I guess it’s similar to the feeling that a parent has when their child makes an effort to look after them in their old age.
Hey! Vsause Michael here........ or am I?
that ikea chair XD
VSauce uploads are like the Christmas of YouTube. It doesn't happen often, but when it does, it is a very special time.
It’s an interesting idea this ‘jury duty’ style government decision making. My initial concern is keeping the information fed to participants neutral and fair without those that stand to profit meddling.
So back then someone really used camels as measurements huh?
hell to the yeah. time to get some french fries, onion rings or other dippable finger foods and dip them in vsause!!
Masterpiece.
wait these aren't spit facts wtf
This one was deep, and explains a lot about why the world is so weird now. I'll have to re-watch this one. Is there any chance to know which books you read for this video?
If you want to use as many minds as possible, why not just have pure democracy instead of lotacracy?
Et tu Michael? So this wisdom of crowds, jellybean jar scenario? Have we tried giving one person the same number of guesses as the crowd took collectively? While I can believe there's a potential "refinement" property inherent in collective engagement on a particular problem; these days I'm far less inclined to place my security in the collective judgment of strangers. I think if the internet and social media in particular have shown us anything, its how terrible, biased and shortsighted we really are in the aggregate. Any moderate success we achieve harnessing the power of collective movements, seems woefully overwhelmed by the sheer depravity, uncaring, and snake oil-altruism that permeates the new public square.
Michael: “Your brain remembers, plans, makes judgements, solves problems“ Me during my calc final: “Brain where did you go?”
This is so wrongheaded, so completely contrary to reason or science, I find it physically painful that people are stupid enough to produce, let alone watch this.  This level of stupidity ruins my faith in mankind.
People need to figure out to become 1 mind and ascend
vsause, you need to stop teaching us. the U.S school system is crying rn
Vsauce’s knowledge is enough to blow anyone’s mind!
I missed this so much, thank you for everything Michael!
Intuition is like hardware-accelerated computing.
Redditors realizing they don't help anyone
I think a lottocracy could be a very good thing, though I think some experts especially should be selected to mix in with the others in order to prevent one unlucky selection of people from making a horrible choice that hurts everyone.
As usual, Superb
Well well well, since it take a long time to we see every construction of a master piece that a vsauce video is, i should make myself a cup of coffee and prepare for the show. I'll be right back
Yes
I think that there is something to say about the flaws of a neoliberal free market place of ideas.
Thank you
Counterpoint to the lottocracy: First, imagine how dumb the average person is, and then realize that half of people are dumber than that.
Theres a channel called Kurzgesagt in a nutshell that made a video about this
WAIT WHAT
Global pandemic reduction of population by 2/3 would help
Strap in boys n gals.
fun fact: Vsauce teaches you more then 5 years of school
Michael just argued for randomized democracy and I am HELLA convinced!
Oh god, this is the first time I’m actually gonna use the “Watch Later” button so I can watch this 30 minutes lecture from Vsauce after I’m done LifeGuard Training
The industrial revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race.  Also crowds aren’t wise, they’re mad. Naive video.
Super excited to see a new Vsauce episode! I’m glad that it’s subtitled, because my audio processing issues make it difficult for me to understand what’s being said, but also... they’re very inaccurate. It’s really distracting to see Micheal’s mouth moving in a different way to the words on the screen :( Love the video, but I do wish the subtitles were better.
This is some quality learning material!
Reject humanity return to monke
Hey, Vsauce, Micheal here....or is it?? 😏
is it funny that i said nooo leave me don't bring me back
29:00 Fuck yes! Fuck yes! FUCK YES!
Talk of the future always makes people uncomfortable. It’s so difficult to think about things so far into the future when all you have is the fog of uncertainty
sheesh
One of the most awkward interactions I've had with anyone ever has been with Michael at Summer In The City, in London.    I asked if I could touch his butt because my autistic ass didn't know what to say. My girlfriend at the time punched me afterwards. 😂
"We will someday be the ancients" Damn..
Feels like i graduated college in 30 minutes
OLD VSAUCE IS BACK, BABY
Can we make a lottocracy discord and start a small community where we discuss things?
If only society was led by Scientist and Philosophers, the world would have been a better place... From what I understood after watching the video...
When he suggested the future us brings us all back to life because we were able to reason with each other... Great idea grounded by a great lesson.
Oh, this comment section should be fun.
Its super meta that while talking about how easily we agree with reaffirming reasons as the audience many of us instantly agree with you giving us reasons about reasoning.
Such an amazing video after a long time.
I wish michael was teacher, then id start going to school everyday
There is no future for reasoning because the radical left is winning and facts and logic go directly against their narratives and so must be silenced. If anyone used critical thinking on any of the lefts insane stances they would obviously disagree with everything they have to say because it goes directly against facts and logic.  But they are still winning because Feelings > Facts. We are in for a long period of radical decline before future generations have had enough and bring the good times back.  "There's a lot of people more concerned about being precisely, factually, and semantically correct than about being morally right," - DemocRat Congresswoman AOC, The Voice of the Democrat Part.
Special interest is the biggest obstacle to social reasoning. Unfortunately it's everywhere now and special interests won't solve the issues that they propose. Rather they will gain power and influence from issues that they present.
I could donate to charity...... *or not.*
HEY! Vsauce       MICHAEL, HERE!!!
Can we make a lottocracy discord and start a small community where we discuss things?
holy shit we actually got a video
What if we mix this idea of something sort of like herd mentality with an idea in an old video of his (I think it was a smorgasbord of ideas video, though I can't seem to find it now) where he pointed out that if you look at people on 25 different traits; very few people will not be outliers on any of those traits?
Everything finds a balance, wether we want it to or not. The scientists that are sending up this alarm balloon are paid to come to this conclusion, else they lose funding. Imagine Greenland or some area currently under ice right now. If CO2 levels rise and the temperature rises and the ice thats covering this land melts, what will grow on this now ice free land? Plants, Trees. Plants and trees absorb CO2 and incorporate it into their cells and use this as building material for themselves. The more plant growth there is, the more CO2 they suck out of the atmosphere. The balance is achieved again. Want more? What is over the South Pole right now? Guess where that land was during the time of the dinosaurs? When all that land was joined together, earth experienced 180 millions years without ice ages. It was tropical for 180 million years. Then, as that super continent broke up and Antarctica moved over the South Pole, we suddenly began having ice ages. Look who funded this video. Bill Gates. The guy thats tied to this pandemic and the medication that treats it. They have an interest in you being their tool.  In you helping to spread their fears and anxiety to the masses that the planet is in imminent danger of going extinct. Let me say one more thing. As dramatic environmental upheavals happen, and yes, they do, there are times we experience impacts or volcanic eruptions that instantly affect the environment, and there are others that happen over eons. In both cases, animals and plants that survived it happen to have been in a genetically advantageous position to exploit the changes and either they adapt and service, or they go extinct. Its literally the same thing as the idea of you exercising. You stress yourself in exercise and you get healthier. Right? Animals and plants that get stressed also survive it and they then grow stronger and evolve. Humans are the ultimate extension of that. If keeping the environment static is good for things, is sitting on the couch and not exercising good for you? Think about it.
30 minutes of existential crises  Then calm
I like debating with people but as long as they are respectful and accept that they can be wrong (I accept it too), a discussion won't go anywhere if one person is just repeating the same debunked arguments over and over again and use fallacies like the ad hominin, so I agree with the importance of debate but at the same time it only works if the people doing it know how to debate.
Bill Gates? The dude who paid to keep a vaccine from being shared so he could make more money? That Bill Gates?
If anyone was wondering, that loud crash was my worldview shattering in a million pieces.
Thats why unpopularopinions are filled with "hot takes". We're built like that.
And here we are. Our comments ignored. Our approval of this mind opening video condensed into a single "like".
was watching your initial videos. you have matured to Socrates ! lol
WAKE UP BABE VSAUCE UPLOADED
Ever heard of a wicked problem? A problem which, when attempted to solve, generates more problems.  Consider this... a meta-solution: a solution which generates more solutions. The only meta-solution I can imagine is education, like Mr V Sauce is doing, are there any other meta-solutions?
Loved this video. Just a thought. You, Michael, should make a debate program to educate the masses. You'll host, two teams will debate a subject. Matt Dillahunty will judge the soundness of their individual arguments, and if someone presents an obviously fallacies argument that person is out. Behind the scenes a comedian and a body language expert will commentate and in the end the audience will vote on which team won, unless the entire team is sacked by Dillahunty in which case they lose without needing the vote. Also the losing team has to eat a hat.
Noice new vid
thats why unpopularopinions are filled with "hot takes". were built like that.
The return of the king
Schliberal
"Where is your mind?" -The Pixies but in 2nd Person
write a book nerd
Why does Micheal take his watch on and then off? Is it something random, or is there a meaning behind it?
Gotta thank vsauce for letting us borrow his mind for 30mins
Gotta love Micheal putting subtitles in his videos
My conscious is stuck in a meat cube
When the Amogus imposter is mega sus
3:55 I nominate Michael for ruler of the world
Oh cool a billionaire wrote a book telling us what to do! Guess the burden of responsibility is on us and not billionaires 🙃
this can also be "where do you think"
Fair point. Lottery would be worth a shot. Now the question is: "Where do we begin"?
When Michael said "Where is your mind" I instantly thought of the song "Where is my mind" by the pixies.
are you reasoning or manipulating? you should of said "i'm buying"
You should create a podcast/audio version of each video and post it on Spotify!!
Very good once again Vsauce
So, there is a reason behind reasoning, that's meta.
I lowkey got so excited when I saw this video was posted 51 mins ago instead of 7 years ago 😂
I personally love the idea of a lottocracy
Damn this channel is transcending.
I didn't catch a lot of what he said because I was too focused on his thumbs.
What if God is the infinitely smallest thing that makes up everything? God is the answer to 0/0.
Demonizing CO2 is at best a band aid to the global population problem - switching to "renewables" isn't going solve it, it's going give the illusion that it's no longer a problem.  A global reproductive policy like China's one-child policy is what's needed if solving over-population is the real goal.  But it's not; sadly it's far more draconian and immediate.  Carbon taxes, carbon exchanges, economic control for the specious "CO2 is a poison" mantra - everyone thoughtlessly eats it up believing they're smart and virtuous and living for a world-saving cause, meanwhile global power is consolidated and freedoms are demonized and stripped as "luddite" anachronisms that need to shed to welcome our new "progressive" future.
finally not a mind field episode
I noticed Micheal skipped a few points mentioned inside the captions, is the information just a little too non-important to be brought up from that script?
Vsauce is the human equivalent of an existential crisis.
I’ve watched this after having a really bad day. Thank you. I needed this
I demand an awesome-ometer in a curiosity box.
As a 17 y/o I find this very informative
"Where is your mind?" -My parents while looking at my disappointing exam results
Somehow, after the josh fight, jontron posetd, vsauce posted, whats next?
Our boy is back
a full length vsauce video? well then ;)
I don't believe quality of life is improving technology is ruining people's minds we know far to much aka Google YouTube etc. I know I am on technology watching a informative video because VSauce videos are always amazing. I'm just saying I believe mental health is only going to get worse from a overload of information. Personally I would love to erase pretty much 90% of my memory and not know about social media and be in the dark. The older generations are way stronger minded and put up with much worse and they dealt with it. News reports on every bad thing in the world and we all know about it. That's my thoughts and opinions I'm not expecting everyone to agree with me but I'm sure some will.
Michael's wife: We're having tacos for dinner Michael: cool Michael's wife: or ARE we? Michael: ...I love you
After all these years I still don't want to tell Michael that my name is not Vsauce.
This is by far and away the most important video I have ever watched. The idea that if two opposing sides of an argument actually sat down and instead of arguing or debating, respectfully and as non-biased as possible tried to understand the reasoning of the other side, that a solution to the problem, whether it was exactly what one of the two sides were saying all along or more likely something that lied somewhere in the middle, would be much more likely to be found - is something I think about all the time. It is the obvious solution in my opinion to most problems we face as a society, and if anyone disagrees with me I’d be happy to sit down and respectfully and as non-biased as possible try to understand your point of view if you do mine and we can see if there’s a better way to do it.
This is what the world needs to see
I vote for lottocracy
No. Not remotely scientific. Not remotely demonstrable. Telling YouTube never to show me this channel again.
Last time I was this early Covid was still in Wuhan
HEY vsauce here, its micheal
Sauce time
Any chance you could take about ufos and maybe the dark side of the moon/hollow?
Just earlier today I was binging Vsauce videos. One could say this is pretty random... or is it? O_o
9:45 this is exactly the type of thinking that we need to, as a society, rid ourselves of. This "holier-than-thou" complex that leads all of us to believe that WE got it figured out, but everyone else is just being dumb. Take the time to speak to someone who thinks differently than you and understand that, while there are nimrods, usually people have perfectly logical and sensible reasons for thinking the way that they do. Not everyone values the same things in life, some want a simple life where they can keep their family and loved ones safe, and some believe it is everyone's duty to act with the best interest of our species in mind.
Because we reason
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
Land lords should quit their "jobs" Property hoarding isn't a job Rent is extortion Homelessness is violence No one gets a second house until everyone has one
and global warming of course
Let’s start a petition for this!
Lottocracy sounds good. If decisions were actually made by any person, society would be structured to support any person. I feel like education would get a lot more support under this system. The thing I wonder is how it would impact those at the fringes of what the average person tends to be and minority groups. If those people cant reason to the rest of people why their ideas are correct, then do they just not matter?
“The Industrial Revolution And Its Consequences” by Michael Stevens
missed you so much😓
Finally.
I still don't know how he goes off-topic for 50 minutes then not only solves problems we asked and didn't ask but also gives us an existential crisis
14:30 (unless you have Asperger's Syndrome and you've had to spend your entire life manually learning how to work out these things
damn add vsauce to the list of woke people
0:00 way out in the water.  Do you see it swimming?
The science teacher we all wish we had.
I don't care if you are or aren't an elephant. You are AWSOME, Michael Stevens
Sucks bill gates had to be part of this, great video otherwise though
Wake up babe, vsauce posted a new video
Vsauce being himself, definition of overthinking
Looks like vsauce wants to support FFF. Hahahaha simp.
Great, big, lumbering mind? What about the mind of God? Humans making decisions as a group is hardly the wisest choice. How many poor decisions have been made due to "mass consensus?" We're all just children of God. Some of us see Him as our Father, others don't. Our wisest decisions and most stalwart reasoners are only at the level of foolishness compared to the Lord. There, indeed, will be a "big, billionaire savior," but it will only be a facade (read Revelation). Bill Gates is not your savior, nor is Michael Stevens; only Jesus Christ can truly save you.
Lottocracy... I like that word
Michael's best content yet.
Deez Nuts
God uploaded
Comrade Michael's out here spitting facts
I miss the vsauce song on the "or is it" line :(
Ahh yes vsauce is fInally uploading constantly
Hey babe, new Vsauce just dropped.
So basically...reject modernity and embrace tradition
its not 4am yet
holy shit
Vsauce Using the same background music since 2010
Great video! Can’t wait for the next one in 6 months!
my favorite types of videos
I’ve never clicked on a video so fast
VSauce: The only Youtuber that can get me excited for an upload and make me have an existential-crisis afterwards
Its always a good day when Michael uploads! This was good timing, my dad and I were kind of arguing earlier about the state of the world and this bought up a lot of things we probably both felt
Vsauce: *Creates video talking about how reasoning is our greatest cooperative advantage*  Comment section: "Can't wait to avoid reasoning by saying 'the world is not a logic puzzle' next time I start to doubt myself in an argument"
Semi Bi-Monthly every other weekend annual upload
So in a way this is the most ironic video Vsauce has ever made.
My god this video was good. Michael you probably have the best Channel on Youtube
SO GOOOD
Already had the idea of creating a third house of congress created by choosing people at random from each state.  Give them the power to question any legislation, form committees to investigate  any action, and ultimately the power of veto.  Happy to see some one else seriously considering demarchy.
Ah he's back.
In summary: We become slaves to our creations until someone points out the flaw within our own ideas which we can then use and improve upon in order to create something that can better withstand the test of time.  Then again, my reasoning to this statement may be flawed. Uh oh.
UBUNTU movement is the answer
Can your brain figure out where your hair went?
5:43 Here we go
If anyone is interested in more of this topic, I recommend The Righteous Mind by Jonathan Haidt
If enough people "believe" something is worth doing, cost shouldn't be an issue. With enough volunteers & patron donations anything is possible. Like 2020's tree planting. See a need, fill a need...
i was about to go to sleep yo i have to watch this now
I loved the idea of a lottocracy. We can get rid of all political parties, PAC's , moronic ads saying "vote for me, the other one is a crook", going both, or several ways, depending in which country you live. No "talking heads" debating the defects/virtues of electronic voting, hanging chads, vote rigging, list is endless.
Welcome to "Michael discretely talks about politics"
thanks michael. i'd love to help create a world in which we discuss our reasoning in small groups or cities to make big choices like the future of our planet or species. regaurdless of if you agree with someone or not, it is vital to be able to listen to and understand all the perspectives you can.  i loved the video, i wish i could explain myself in better words, i just absolutely loved it.
Michael would really make me question myself if I really ate a yogurt 30 minutes ago
I'm 29, my career was upended last year. Now I am starting school in the Fall for an engineering degree. I also live in the middle of nowhere, so Youtube personalities like Vsauce and so many others are the only reason I ever got exposed to my passions. This is the first time I have been excited about my future in a decade. You guys are changing lives, so thank you.
This video will save humanity
Great video
Hot dam
Omg is it Christmas yet?
Dude it’s freaking 2am and you upload a 30 minute video that will destroy my brain. Thanks ...
I'm gonna have to watch this video 10 times to properly understand everything he's saying
Lottocracy is one of the most compelling political structure changes I've heard.
The off-center background is bugging me
You decided to partner with Bill Gates because the check was just so freaking huge...
Hope China and India governments and big corporations are taking notes on climate issues, because it ain't us. (statistically speaking)
what brain
attention all of educational youtube, please normalize tricking us into watching videos about climate change
11:43 Professor Farnsworth could, measured on Mega-Fonz.
That ending tho
Sounds like VSauce just finished Persona 5
What.. What happened to numbers and stuff?
Clearly some reasoning in America is allowed to flourish, while other reasoning is shut down.......
The problem with 26:36 is that then, rather than the leaders, the politicized entities would be the "experts" teaching the laity (never mind the vast amount spent on "educating" the masses through Edward Bernays-style public/private messaging). The experts would be educated at private corporations (universities), which could be funded by individuals with vested interests (especially if their money currently used to lobby government leaders could be shifted to altering curriculums). Unknowingly biased experts teaching unknowingly biased citizens would not lead to unbiased decisions.
Wow
UwU
Waiting for Vsauce episodes is always worth it. Never know if he's going to teach you something mind-blowing, give you an existential crisis, or both
Vsauce for president
YAAAAASSSSSS!!!!!
Best gift of my birthday yet, vsauce came through
This genuinely made me rethink my own opinions on morality, ethics and politics. Help.
Look ma new Vsauce video
22:50 fucking twitter
Michael, the planet has already warmed since pre-industrial revolution times and the effects of climate change are happening NOW. Today.  We've seen record breaking heat waves, wild fires and hurricane seasons around the globe. That's my one footnote to your great video. Thanks 💙🌍
Beautiful!!!!!
Vsauce, Michael here... where are your toes? You might be wondering, Michael they’re on my feet... wrong they’re in my mouth!
De-Po decentralized politics? Or De-Dem, Decentralized democracy lol
Thank you Michael. You are so inspiring
Brought to you by the creators of “Where are your fingers?” THE SEQUEL “Where is your mind?”
I'm incredibly happy that he got the account password back
Ok real talk the idea of the Lottocracy is fucking awesome.
You don't just watch a Vsauce video, you experience it.
vsauce for president pls
Honestly incredible what this video is proposing and teaching.
Thanks Michael for this video, i needed this sooooooooooo much.
FINALY WHERE WERE YOU.
This is too long a video and it's a little hard to concentrate and mull over the ideas being discussed. Would be awesome if I could get a scripted copy of it. Still I am very grateful for the video as well.
I lost my mind
The legend is back
After all these years I'm so glad you still use Jake Chudnow's music, it is so titillating and nostalgic and just has perfect synergy with your content
This early after 8 years lol 😂
World economic forum, the great reset, they making us ready
It is also false that "history" teaches us something. What we tell right now is "history" is just a bad reading of past books. People do not know anything about history, what are you talking about Michael. For us, "history" is to say: Plato thought there were two worlds, or Newton discovered the laws of motion. That is to say, "history" is to condense millions of books and writings into just a couple of phrases everybody repeats and think out of context. Again, only really few people know something about history.
a challenge might be doing this and keeping composure between impromptu groups of strangers. I'd like to think we could keep things amicable, but if we're talking about getting people to come together for what are essentialy disagreeing events, i can see it getting very heated especially if it happens to be between americans.
But why tho?
Even Michael froze in doubt to convey so many complex and valuable ideas to US the simpleton viewer.  Awesome video! Great Job! 💖 😎👍
are you out of your mind???
15:38 it’s not a bug it’s a feature 😏
It’s mindblowing to think of the evolution Michael has gone through. This was the same guy that gave us “Mario Farts!”, and the same guy who did “what’s known as a pro gamer move” just to talk about parabolas, and now he’s teaching us about the sociology that will save our future. This man is amazing.
He would be such a good therapist
Damn ...
It sometimes really do be like that
12:38 *big brain theme continues to big brain*
1:57 where is the Vsauce theme. I miss it
THE GOD RETURNS
~25:30 I’d like to make a club or group like this. I’m worried that if I did, only people with the same values and thoughts would join. The hope would be for a variety of different people who all agree to reason. Honestly, it kind of sounds hard for me personally (having people disagree with me to my face on things I think are important or care about), but that’s all the more reason to do it and get the skills to reason with others
I’m sorry for all the things I said to you Fiz.
Bestie wake up new VSauce video just dropped
Last line hit kinda hard ngl
Damn Evangelion was right, we need to become the orange juice.
14:13 Autistic me: Than is exactly what I do...
the problem comes when people provide reasons that are factually wrong
I stroked my invisible goatee constantly while watching
The human mind has become so op that it's studying its own mechanisms. Also the brain named itself the brain.   Humans are fucking amazing. No wonder most humans throughout history and even today view humans as separate from other animals and nature itself. We are too op compared to  everything else around us.
Ex-squeeze me? New Vsauce video?
Oh good, Michael's not dead
ALL HAIL THE KING, HE HAST RETURNED.
I like to think that in the future Michael will referenced like the great minds he references in his videos.
The answer to all of the questions in the first 5 minutes: *Socialism.*
I heard bill gates and immediately clicked off
"Hey Vsauce Michael here, why did your dad leave you?"  *Vsauce music starts playing*
But Micheal Mary was a cat
Gotta save this vid for when I'm bored at night but want a good existential crisis
Mamma mia. 🤯
Truly the epitome of quality over quantity... only wish it could be a tiny bit more quantity
the bearded psychopath is back for his scheduled mind melting
I was about to turn this off because it was stressing me out, but then I realized that's the problem with people
He don't miss. Every video is mind-blowing
I am aware this is out, but I must save this for my lunch break
21 minutes in I disagree. Large groups of the make stupid decisions that are irrational. In practice I found 9-11 is where things start to breakdown. Up to that there is improvement.   I would challenge it would be fun to do a debate between 20 random people 10 arguing 1 point and 10 arguing another.   Then get groups of five to debate each other.
Putting anyone of my thoughts into comments on a vsauce vid feels so inadequate
The only lecture ill sit 30 minutes through.
We're all fucking up the world.
NEW 30 MINUTE VSAUCE VID
Ayoo, New Vsauce video is out
I’m so glad you’re still making videos
Based
what the hell is vulcanizing rubber...
I really wish that Michael was president. I wish that this video was the state of the union address
Thanks vsauce
HEY VSAUCE, Michael here... What is Ligma?
A Vsauce video the day after a Kurzgesaet video?! Is this real?!
Quite possibly the best video from this channel. Fantastic work, Vsauce team.
I loved gradually watching the quality of Vsauce videos go up
The title is so relevant I must watch this. Not that I wasn't going to watch it anyways, obvs.
Every person on Earth should see this.
Wow
Word salad.
Working with Bill Gates, meanwhile has videos of rating different sets of boobs in videos games from his original content on his channel.  I respect this kinda of a glow-up.
Wake up babe, new vsauce upload
I wish everyone would could watch this.
Damn it's been a while
Chills.... thank you for such a great video again.
Amazing video Michael as always. Video after video, you weave such a variety of topics into one flowing chain of thoughts that never disappoints. I would have one question to you,  whom is probably in a much better position than me to reason on the issue. Do you approve of the actions of your sponsor for this video, Bill Gates, through his foundation, to prevent the Oxford University to "open source" its vaccine to instead monetize it through Astrazeneca, thus preventing it's widespread distribution in poorer countries? If so, for what reasons, and if not, why accept/seek his partnership? Thanks in advance for an answer and also for this amazing video.
Holy shit he actually uploaded
15:44 The smartphone industry strongly disagrees. I'm begging for new phone coming back with features we previouly had. Now it's just "look there are 42 cameras and the display is 0.001% brighter and bigger please spend $1200 because the older model will be intentionnaly slow now"
Every video this man makes is a masterpiece
What kind of person down votes this video?
Glad to see Michael remembered where he wrote down his Youtube password.
I'm convinced that he is right.
I can't believe my eyes when I saw vsauce uploaded a new video
It's really sad to see Vsauce giving in to climate hysteria. If anything is going to destroy civilization, it's the actions taken to stop climate change, not the climate
I’M GENUINELY SO SO HAPPY THAT YOUVE POSTED AGAIN DEAR MICHAEL. I WILL ENJOY THIS GREATLY WHILE SNACKING. THANK YOU FOR MAKING ME WHO I AM
"Where is your mind?"  My mind is with The Pixies
All of this video reminds me of the emergence kurzgesagt video
Reason is dead. The media has killed it. The nation moves into a fuchsite authoritarian corporatocracy that will not abide reasoned dissent. You and your channel is no exception. Remember to stay a "GOOD" intellectual and not become a dangerous one. The rest of us are moving to Texas.
This guy can literally start talking about someone’s house and end with talking about outer space and it would seem natural lmao
"Where's your head at?" Basement Jaxx
Vsauce for president lol
Glad to see more of your videos!
I would love that to happen in Poland
Michael switching the subject with "Or is it?" will never get old...
V sauce is becoming a philosopher, his next metamorphosis into his next being.
God damnit, how much are they paying you for this liberal hear say michael?
Glad you uploaded.
This feels both based and unbased at the same time
Also, this is a really nice communist video. I think Bill Gates is just becoming more and more socialist every day.
The earth is 4,5 billion years old and we managed to be alive during the time Vsauce is creating content - life is good.
Bill Gates partnership?  Boooooooooooo
Whoa this got uploaded today, I’m used to watching episodes from 2012
Someone please reply if there is already, but I would really like to see a Bill Nye, Mike Tyson, Elon Musk, and VSauce Collab.  - okay I'm going back to the video now -;;;;
lotacracy would never work when you have groups of people like BLM that will threaten you or hurt you to make you side with their point of view regardless of how you feel or the facts. Just look at how things are going lately. You dont want "the people" in charge.
It seems the media is way ahead of this video.  They give their target audience exactly what they want to know.
" or is it?? " iconic...
5:43 Y'all came for this.
Omg ur back
this man is a national treasure
Wake up babe, new Vsauce video.
Freedom & Security...
What is said about "the crowd" is just really stupid. It may be true that reason needs other people, but probably the number of people it needs is really small, like 2 or 3. There has never been a good decision made by more than 50 people at the same time. Moreover, when there is a "reasoning" crowd, usually there are only more or less 5 people who take all the decisions. Nevertheless it is a nice idea.
last sentence was very inspirational, i am amazed
New "Vsauce Out Of Context" Is Coming! Oh dear
First 10 seconds are fresh "Vsauce out of contexr"
This is a comment on this video.
it may have been a long time but it was a long time coming to see another belter of a video defiantly worth a rewatch to absorb the juicy information
Dope
oh no
Iconic phrase 1:55
*REASONING is COMPUTATION with extra steps*
In before 1 Million views. Got here within the first hour
A lottocracy sounds very interesting, in concept atleast. But I'm afraid in such a system every group would ultimately be swung towards the opinion of the best persuaders. Atleast when talking about elected leaders, it somewhat like sensing your most charming spokesperson for discussing in such a group (obviously this too has way too many assumptions)
Alright, see you guys in a few months
Ok but imagine vsauce with mark rober music
Cool video.
Politician shouldn't be a career.
great video. always love the content
Michael low-key calling out all the people that wouldn't watch his videos in the first place.
I think a lottocracy / jury based decision method would be an excellent idea, however, would there be any way to ensure that the group (due to pure coincidence) isn’t completely incompetent, or perhaps all have the same bias?
Curb your reasoning.
I love these new, long vsauce videos
This video is very slightly political and implies a governmental system of mob rule.
Hearing you Idolize Bill Gates just lost any respect I had for you and this channel.  So make my day and tell me your a Marxist too.
I almost got a heart attack when I saw Vsauce uploaded new video! So unexpected.
Lol, he spawned into the chair in the beginning ^^
Achievement Unlocked: Jump-Cut
"honey, tell the doctor I'm not gonna make it to surgery, vsauce uploaded a video"
Ive been trying to think of a solution for our government and goddamn michael gave it with lottocracy. Thats an amazing idea
Literally every Twitter user in a nutshell: 9:50
Thank you for pronouncing 'niche' correctly.
I can't sign up for a lottocracy cause I don't have enough faith in humanity.
babe wake up new vsauce upload
Inference on what happens after we die;  We return to being nonexistent and at some point in the future after an unknown amount of time has passed, at an unknown location, (maybe even a different universe), we become conscious beings once more as an undetermined form with a fresh mind. This conclusion was reached thousands of years ago. However, with reincarnation, there was no mechanism in place to help encourage a naturally animalistic species to behave. So they made it a more finite ideal suggesting this life determines the next. Which is nonsense. No great omnipotent deity would need to test its own creation knowing the outcome as it is.
Plss daily science video I like your all videos 😄😄
Whe the world needed him most
I guess covid must be over. Time to pretend something else is going to destroy the world.
This is so crazy because i've been thinking about all of these things recently. Well most, i'm not smart enough to get some of those conclusions and ideas but its so crazy to see Michael put my exact thoughts into words
I see your warping has improved, very nice. Glorious video, as always
Now how do we get this done? Seriously, let's organize something. The only way to work towards something like this is for some of us to do something about it. Let the deliberation commence.
A third of congress should be chosen randomly. Sadly, I think it would take a revolution to make such a major change.
hello everybody we have all been conjured to be here today
yes
I like the beard bro 😎
Babe wake up, new Vsauce dropped
THIS IS NO DRILL. VSAUCE JUST UPLOADED.
I needed this video badly
get rekt liberals and conservatives, Vsauce is Left Wing!
I honestly wonder what Vsauce's target demographic is
This reminds me of "Being Wrong" by Kathryn Schulz. Good book.
Hey babe,wake up. New Vsauce upload
Dear Future Self, this is the only Vsause video you've watched that recently uploaded.
You have the exact same look as in the video with Adam, 4 years ago
"Where is your mind?", the true sequel to "Where are your fingers?"
if reasoning is so good, why isn't there a reasoning 2?
V-sause for president 2024
Very intersting. But why was the word perspective not used?
The music is a bit more smooth jazz-y, I like it, Michael!
I think this might be the most important video made this decade if not longer. Even if people don't recognize it as such.
This is absolutely wonderful.
Michael Stevens, the embodiment of the motto "quality > quantity"
watched this on shrooms and this is greate
Vsauce: *posts video an hour ago* Video one hour later: *has 249k views, 35k likes, 5.6k comments*
And as always, thank u Michael
Are your videos become harder to understand or is it me who gets more stupid?
Has Bill Gates brainwashed you?
The Return of the King
Spectacular video.
Very powerful conclusion
yay
Lottocracy for the win
11:23 I agree. I truly do agree with that statement
what's up fellow members of my mind
Man i missed this guy
how tf is there no adds, is micheal an actual buddha? did this video get generated inside of a government station facilitating the interaction of man, camera, and this absolute scp of a scientistical celebrity? thank you so much for this, and every video being treated with care, and for thinking as individually and honestly as you do xqcL
This is probably one of my favorite videos on this channel. Thank you
I just got so hyped for this in the moment I realized it was a Vsauce video
Why is this so good, many people, many things could cooperate, not just for themselves, but for our past, our present and our future.
See you all in another 8 months
And hearing some of those old V-Sauce tracks is so nostalgic now
NEW VSAUCE UPLOAD
The legend uploaded
I feel vsauce coursing through my veins...oh wait that's a heart attack
Early
5:48 *big brain intensifies*
I can't believe I listened to 30 minutes of Michael politely describing Twitter
Can we just elect you instead?
I didnt even have to subscribe to watch early, my recommendations brought me here when the video is an hour old.
I thought it was an old video until I saw the time of the video lol
Interesting form of government, more branches of government. What if every part of the government crowdsourced like the video, actually bringing in people at ‘random’ and undecided intervals to weigh in and give their opinion on issues. A form of it exists in the US with writing letters to representatives and having them take in the opinions that will benefit them the most. It is also like a think-tank bringing people well-versed on a subject, but the key difference is that they will be random. Could this also become a profitable show?
Sometimes I feel like we humans are too intelligent.
Ah yes, the anima.
Vsauce and jontron in one day wow
0:14  Me with ADHD: ...or does it?
"The discussion is the mother of truth," or is it?
I love how he just HAD to sneak some existential dread in at the end there
Lemme just say, the music choices and the sound mixing in this video.... Superb. *Cheff's kiss
1 hour ago, cool
If reason is the mean to communicate in social circles to achieve best possible middle ground as long as enough people participate in it, then to define meaning of anything is to reason in all except view which is only limited to all humanity experiences in all its existence therefore any phenomena which causes by nature is what it is and has no reason for it to happen only to happen base on how the universe work. We only can explain and try to understand the mechanism of such system but ultimately there are "NO REASON" for it to happen.  So, there are no answers to the question " what is the meaning of life?" Because any answers will only be a reflection of thoes individual view or who are too lazy to think of the "REASON" of their own.  LIFE HAS NO MEANING, IT 'S JUST "IS"  ps. People can only reason by using information which is available to them if even in the largest group of people history has shown that we are not particularly good at even to use reason in judging information that comes to them so it does not matter much on the process to get the best answers or solution to any problem. AT THE END OF THE DAY LOGIC BASE WHICH DON'T USE ASSUMPTIONS AND CAN BE PROVEN IS THE ONLY WAY TO GO. Best possible answer will never be good to everyone.
The sauce is back!!!!!
Bill Gates, the born and raised eugenicist pushing more climate grifting. What are the odds. Getting rid of our traditional methods or reasoning means wiping away our traditions like how the Maoists did, and replacing our sovereignty to total control by a few corporate oligarchs like Gates.
Bill gates is a satanic
This is a great argument for Council Communism, direct democracy from below.
THE KING HAST RETURNED.
i would like this video a million times if i could
The reason humanity is so powerful is that instead of being generalists or specialists, humans are specialists at being generalists.
Wow this is probably my favorite Vsauce so far and that's really saying something
I CAN NOT BELIEVE THIS ISN'T A 10 YEAR-OLD VIDEO FROM VSAUCE!!!!!
Don't lie: this is what happened after you watched this. 👁👄👁 *ok*
This new Vsauce makes me think the clowns got to him good this time.
Yearly dose of existensialism yay :)
A beautiful message at the end
Whoa I would like to see you and Russell Brand have a discussion
centrist propaganda
another upload 😳
the return of the king
The intro highkey gave me The Magnus Archives vibes
Thankyou so much I needed this
Until very very recently I believed that the fallible human brain as it is now would not be able to survive these massively complex problems (which I now know to call hyperobjects). I thought we'd have no choice but to resort to something risky like an Artificial Intelligence hivemind overlord haha (still kind of proud of that idea though). It's no exaggeration to say that this 30 minute video singlehandedly restored my faith in humanity.
Nice
My mind just went from meh to FK YEAH!
Let’s make a lottocracy
If only people were half as reasonable as Michael
Is this real-life or just a fantasy?
11:36  Not with that attitude you're not
my man Michael disproving literally every one of ben shapiro's points
his entrances get better and better
Lottocracy is an interesting concept, I will mention that even then the choices of government could be influenced by individuals will still be possible.  The influencers would simply have to switch from trying to influence the decision makers directly to influencing those you inform them. Even if they act rationally in the interest of humanity as a whole, influencing the information they start with would easily sway how they act.  Anyway, super interesting video as always. Thanks for that brain candy.
Awesome video. Totally thought-provoking
The return of the king
Thanks for the new video vsauce  Now back to watching old vsauce videos for the 9000th time
Watching this while at work was a great idea
you want some spit facts?
And these, my fellow interneters, are the biggest facts ever spit in the history of reasoning.
fascinating how much his table bends
He returned when we needed him most
vsauce
I never once considered where my mind is and now I can’t sleep thinking about where my mind is.
Whoa whoa whoa, I had to drop everything when I saw this
This is one of the first Vsause videos where Vsause was mostly on the same topic
In four minutes he has already reshaped my thinking.
If you want to learn everything you need to know about confirmation bias then look no further then the avarage democrat voter and the war on information by big tech who exploit this exact thing. Democrat voters like to believe that they have moral high ground but they don't bother to look further then to the big headlines from CNN and manipulated search results by google. The media giants are fixing them on the idea of being in the right while selling them what makes them feel good about "their" opinion but they never bother to think for themselfes.
And as always thanks for sharing, Michael.
I just realized... if we keep seeking people who shares our opinion and only procreate and exist near that group, in a very distant future, wouldn't that lead us to create different kind of human species? It's a bit exagerated but idk.
I needed this
The question then is, how do you create the large change required to focus on this social reasoning. More over how do you circumvent the behavioural inertia found in the present day. As the current societal decision making processes have been around for some time now? There may be a certain kind of resistance found with people of opposing opinions. It would seem to me that to have events where this form of reasoning is used, all parties would need to have open minds to the discussion. Idk I’m hoping to have a conversation about this so I’m down to hear what anyone is thinking. If you’ve read all this thanks and let me know what you’re thinking!!
1 hour
Hi Dad
Ask Bill Gates about the Vaccines
wait but at 10:50 what if paul and mary are married??? Then paul is looking at a married person which is his wife? So we dont have enough information right???
Pp 😳😱😥😰😳😶🤣🙂😬🤔🤐😮😳😳😳👈👈👈(sus)
Capitalism has a big part to play in the way our government is run, and like you said, the money and corporations are working with our law makers and elected officials. I think this would be a great next step and for the most part burn that association between elected officials and large money making corps. We need a reset button because at this point, the upper class is way too massive for the rest of us to do anything about it. Bill Gates sponsoring this is wild to me, though.
Simply amazing the way Vsauce can explain quite complex topics. I love that!
Ok, but elephants ARE awesome
I have read The Enigma of Reason by Mercier and Sperber for my thesis. It is a very good book and I'm trying to build upon their theories. Excellent video btw, it is always interesting too see such topics being brought on on a popular network. Culture shouldn't be just for the few and you are sharing it excellently.
But we don’t know if Mary is a person
Vsauce has uploaded, I’m happy now
Disappointed to see you partner with a multi-billionaire who's for vaccine patenting.
Loving the more frequent uploads!
Ben Shapiro is really sweating after this one
Michael, you can be whatever you want. Go ahead, be an elephant!  Thanks for the video
I wanna be as cool as vsauce
bought yt premium for the vsauce videos, im stuck pls help
We are the writers of history yet to come
No matter how old I get, I ALWAYS make time for a new Vsauce video
Where is my mind?  Idk ask the pixies lmao
5:44 AAANNNND.... We're BACK, folks!
I wasn’t sure it was gonna come, but it did. 5:44 is what you’re here for
The problem is, you pick people at random, but, you bring experts to teach them... Who will pick them? How will you define who is an expert and who is not...? It's a nice idea, but you'll forever have "outside influence", people will find a way to help themselves instead of the collective. Sadly we are not bees...
Ew, Bill Gates.
This man will save mankind. Hope he will save us.
I wish people realized we are all one "being" just like our cells are one body. So we could stop infighting, and instead actually focus no working together. - There is a universe, waiting to be consumed by this creature that we are a part of!
It's honestly incredible how Michael and his team can produce videos that incite existential anxiety, explain the topic using available knowledge, and provide some comfort in the end. Incredibly relevant/important topic and great video as always!
I love this guy
Daddy is back from the grocery store
Daffy: RABBIT SEASON! Bugs: DUCK SEASON! Daffy: RABBIT SEASON! Bugs: RABBIT SEASON! Daffy: DUCK SEASON! FIRE! Elmer:
perfect....We don't need reason to save the planet. We only need to change one behavior in one person at a time...if we are denied the harmful choice, (the choice being determined  as harmful...by a loctocracy) we will not miss it. If we are only given a choice of a paper bag or a paper straw...then we can get over the use of plastic as a vital aspect of our existence. Does this change the world...? Yes...it actually does but it is a small yet, "unreasonable" sacrifice to make.  The longest journey begins with the first step....
LETS GOOOOOO
it's been ten years and I'm still learning so much from this guy
Thanks Michael
I cream my jeans every time the main vsauce music starts playing
ok the wisdom of the crouds works for jelly beens because people can understand a simple concept but::::::::::::
Bill Gates hoards wealth and refuses to share the covid vaccine with poor parts of the world.
Thank you 👏🏻
21:31 How do people "not trust big decisions" to one person alone? What about the Appeal to Authority fallacy? We shouldn't just trust Bill Gates (or Michael Stevens) because he's viewed as an authority (nor should we even trust business/government/etc. entities or large groups of people just because they "have authority"). It's always nice to discover *objective* facts and logic about how we/the world works, but once you take out God from the equation, said equation requires much much more "reasoning" to justify. Repent and trust in Christ, for only He can save you from the evils of this world.
yo
This is a surprising conclusion for a project sponsored by Gates, who, after all, controls all by himself a monstrous amount of our resources. He's basically appointed himself head of global public health, and recently decided developing countries should not get access to information on how to make covid vaccines, because reasons. Although he denies it, it's almost certainly to protect the profits of his pharmaceutical buddies. But why does he get to decide that? Why not all of us?
i love you michael. you are my world
Thanks Michael I got +15 IQ from this vid💪🏼
Vsauce is my favorite breadtube channel
I'm glad you're back michael <3
Lawyer : I am not a cat Michael : I am not an elephant
Differences in thought, not just geography, well said
Нихуя себе
14:14 shit i guess my brain missed a step
Loved it. It's always perplexing how Michael manages to present complex topics in a compact manner.
living in a lettocracy run by reddit polls would be like getting rick roll for every political ad
What is the Reason for Bill Gates being the Country's largest land owner??
Vsauce - Brought to you by Bill Gates. Looks like Bill is buying legitimacy. Thank God that Vsauce never encouraged that we all get vaccinated, but he clearly believes the manmade global warming theory. Instead of hearing from a few climatologists, we need to hear from the crowd. Unfortunately, a jelly bean count is not deserving of manipulation and influence. How could we ask the crowd while sidestepping the corruption of well-heeled special interests?
15:35 LMAO, humans were a rushed development /j
*Vsauce posts a 30-minute video*  Me: We have been blessed today 🥺
NEVER STOP
“Who gets to decide?” Not Bill(ionaire) Gates, hopefully. Can we stop idolising the guy who became the richest man alive by stealing software?
1:25 Anyone else hear that Windows clicking sound?
Vsauce: Uploads Memelords and Big Brains: I HAVE ARISEN
HEY! Vsauce!  *from behind you* Michael here...  *from inside your head* what if you were defenseless?
How much of this video had to do with trump is astounding.
Man that was a good video. Really lets you think about your own opinions.
There wasn’t enough iconic Vsause soundtracks in this video
At the beginning of every one of his videos, Michael calls us 'Vsauce', but at the end of his video 'Blow Your Mind', Michael says that he is made of Vsauce. Does that mean that Michael is made of us?!?!
Thought I was going to sleep... seems not
It's gone. *Directed by George Lucas*
Michael is finally done counting the money from the Curiosity boxes so he's back to made videos again!
as soon as i heard the name "bill gates" i fucked off to count my opinions.....
New upload, lovely!
Pleaseeeee make more than two videos a year Micheal, WE MISS YOU
Another V Sauce I'll need to rewatch to catch everything
Where is Al Gore and Greta Thunberg when you need them lol. I get climate change is an issue but I'm sick of rich people and politicians banging on about how terrible we are and must fix everything as fast as possible. The world is going green but everything can't become carbon bloody neutral over night most people right now are more bothered about jobs, the economy and the end of the pandemic. This constant badgering about how the human race should do more is boring and irrelevant things are getting better stop going on Bill and Company.
Will be backwards
Please cooperate with curiosity stream platform :) it would be awesome
I love you
Thank you sir.
14:36 nah I’ll get the feeling and at the same time my mind will be like “they’re speaking shortly and are turning away from me”
One day, we'll be the Ancients...    Ok so about that lottocracy. When?
Michael 2024
0:37 For me, unfortunately, the brain isn't where it stops.
As much as I would love for there to be more open discussions/deliberations with the rise in censorship that will likely not happen.
simply put: wow
I feel very uncomfortable I was litterally binging all his old videos then this pops up hmmm paradoxical
vsauce
Where can i get these ABC-Burgers?
Ive learned more than all my science classes
Late night vsauce is fucking with my brain
420 dislikes, blaze it bb
we need more of this in this world
You lost me at Bill gates. Cya
Vsauce for president
Michael is profesional hand gesture user
Ok so did micheal "uncle ben" everyone?
No cap earlier today I was binge watching Vsauce for the first time since his last video then he uploads a new video.
As opposed to faith.
That hurt my arrogance
If reasoning is so great why isn't there reasoning 2
dude this is deeeeep
communism
It's always a good day when Michael releases a new video!
im just gonna leave this here: 16:00 - 19:00
The earth is still flat tho.
The return of the King
please save us Vsauce
Looks like VSauce is needing some cash! Video drop😘
This whole "humanity can't understand and control objects unable to be sensed" also applies to the working population drop, where working population's children can't keep up with the population's current producing power.
You're a good guy. Bless you.
It's late, I'm going to watch it tomorrow.
Ahh! a classic Vsauce episode and it was a pleasure to watch.  Very beautiful and very powerful.
First time i watch a Vsauce video that's only been uploaded 1 hour ago
Amazing video
VSAUCE
Epic
nice man nice
I don't agree with your view on lottocracy for various reasons: 1. You can't compare something as complex and subjective as political decision-making to counting beans in a jar, which seems to be a simple quantitative statistical phenomenon. 2. A lot of people get manipulated by the media or are affected by psychological biases, which lead to a systematic error in the average decision. 3. I don't really see a lot of difference between lottocracy and democracy and democracy has some obvious problems (they nearly elected the orange-haired clown twice). It would be nice if someone could tell me if there are big differences between both forms of government. 4. The average person has an IQ of 100, which isn't that high.
This video is such a gem
The bugs in my awesome-ometer are features
ya boi Michael is back and this time he's in 18:9
This video is very well reasoned....  Or is it? *Vsauce music intensifies*
Sell out.
nice video :)
30 min of VSauce. What could be better?
14:47 unless your autistic and you struggles understanding when someone is sad or happy or angry by social ques
Ok but does anyone know where i can find that thumbnail? It looks so sick
The way I said OR IS IT at the same time at 1:50  HAHA I love it omfg
Yayyyy a new video!
How is AI going to fit into the future of reason
Damm you, Michael, for making me like a video friendly to Bill Gates.
Yes yes yessssssssss
I have no fcking clue what he's talking about, but that doesnt matter
A fat cheque from Bill.. and he's back.
Pineapple
When he hit me with that "or is it" I realised how much I've missed vsauce videos in my life
Vsause getting deep
it appears that an online influencer named after the 22nd letter of the modern english alphabet followed by sauce, a type of condiment that usually used with foods such as pastas or white meats, has once again arisen from his endless rest to fulfill our minds during this very nerdgasm.
After watching this we all know we ain’t gonna come back for a new video until like september 😭
Yoooooooo, this is exactly the type of shit I’ve been thinking about recently, we gots to work together
I now have a new understanding of the world.
I have this deep sense that each V-Sauce video makes you think about the world just enough that by the time the next one is released you already have a partial understanding of the video and have been thinking about it...
Thank you for waking Michael up, Bill Gates!
It’s such a relief to get some new Vsauce content
(((o(*ﾟ▽ﾟ*)o)))
this video really let me see just much of an animal we still are
I want to hug you, Michael.
Hey Vsauce, can today be yesterday
Nice!! This is exactly the future.. the country to accomplish it first will lead the world.
Upset only somewhere around 1/3500 of the Earth's population will know about this
But how do we know that Mary is unmarried
YEEEEEY VSAUCE MICHAEL HERE
Brain is physical  Mind is abstract So dumb to even compare two
Finally Vsauce is back. Feels weird to see Uploaded 47 minutes ago. Usually it's more than 3 years.
bruh Vsauce used to be more fun and upbeat
9:54 Ben Shapiro
hold that w king
good vid :)
With your feet on the air and your head on the ground, try this trick and spin it.
2nd hour... or is it?
*Antivaxxers attack Bill Gates* Bill Gates : ''Release the Michael''
Where is my mind? I think I lost it...
well, Karens don't reason :/
Virtual Sauce
I miss the old "your life was a lie" music when he says or is it?
He never blinka
You don’t know how bad I needed this today
When you take philosophy and actually understand what he’s talking about 😎
Michael dwelved into psychedelics way more after the Ayahuasca episode and it shows in the direction the channel is taking. And I love it.
Lottocracy is just an terrible idea. Why have experts decide over the matter they know the best when you you can have total maniacs to do the same thing instead? Sounds more like the wrong destination of time-traveling in a flopped 80s- movie than anything someone would seriously recommend.
YES!! a new long upload!
new form of government just dropped
Uh oh. The cat is coming out the bag. welcome to Solipsism ladies and gentlemen
If logical reasoning was a person...
The lottocracy seems good on paper but my only concern would be that the first "rounds" of people on this new arrangement would be pretty prone to recreate the mindsets and the radical ideas of today's politic debate.  Polluted water in a new clean tank will only contaminate it again, very dangerous if ever established in the current panorama but an endeared reaffirmation that there is hope and still work to do.
new vsauce video
I feel this video was actually important to make. Good breakdown of the human mind and why we're so different in thought process and ideas in general.
And, as always. Thank you Vsauce.
Lottocracy... I like it
*You could call me something of a lottocratist myself*
He changed the it is it music
that magician thing reminds me of that thing with the split-brain, where the left brain gives something to the right-talking brain, and when asked  'why they have this object' they'll make up a reason for it. just go watch CPG gray's video about it
FINALLY A VSAUCE CLIMATE CHANGE VIDEO!!!!!
Yoooooooo new video niiiiiiiice
Yes.
Too bad so many people refuse to look at the facts and just make inferences based on what they think they saw and the emotions that made them feel. Now we live in world where you're suppose to just let kids stab each other and nonsense like that.
extending the empathy. well said
yay hes back
Wait a minute. How can the quality of life around the world be increasing at such a dramatic pace if capitalism is evil and socialism is good? I mean, Europe's wealth has grown exponentially since it got rid of socialism all together. What gives? Or is common sense out of bounds because it may hurt whiney people's feelings?
Why am I watching this I have classwork to do
Michael: "When you have more minds debate on reason, wiser decisions can be made" Twitter: "Hahahahaha... Cancel him."
Connected
First day of lottery democracy: OK, so Harry is now an absolute ruler of entire human kind and we all live under an absolute monarchy. No more lottery too.
or is it 🤨
This is delicious.
I've been waiting for this one😩
He’s back and sexier than ever
Society evolves faster than humans can.
Your train of thought at the 15 min mark is absolutely priceless. You put clear words into what I've known for a long time and always struggled to explain. Thank you for your hard work and dedication, Michael.
Don't know what this fella is saying, but he sure makes some sense! But really, very enjoyable video
THATS THE SAME IKEA CHAIR I HAVE!!
He...changed the “or is it” music
Old Vsauce is back guys
When a v sauce video drops its like a holiday. All I want to do is put it on the TV and watch it
Use captions to see the hidden messages!
2:20 'the quality of life is rising'  Idk if you noticed but most cities are stinky piles of garbage and awful people. With the added bonus of being set on fire for 2 years straight
Who needs logic and facts to reason when we can use feelings and beliefs to shortcut all that hard thinking?
michael: where is your- me: *FINGERS*
Finally he remembers the password !!!
I love the GBBO reference during the logic puzzle, with the music and the names
9:55 Michael is so right here.
Noice
YOOOO
Vsauce episodes are so beautifully written, everything just flows and even the most complex ideas are made to sound simple. Magisterial
LETS GO
Can anyone please explain 6:28 reference to me? I see that it is likely to be Chthamalus stellatus barnacle, but what does Michael mean? Is it that its an ancient species that didn't change over time?
This is Big Brain time
I feel like this is the best video Michael has done in years. It really spoke to me. It's frustrating sometimes to be aware of how much you're bound by your intuitions, no matter how hard you try to expand those boundaries.
Hey vsauce! Micheal here. And your brain, is a white slab of tofu.
Thanks 👍 keep them coming please i love every single vsause ep
Hey Micheal, Vsauce here
It’s takes me a few minutes between seeing a vsauce video and clicking on it cuz I have to get my brain ready
I'm scared at the future of our reasoning, information can be fabricated for every stance, everything is justified 'scientifically' now whether its good or bad, and corrupt alterior motives are buried under a viner of truth. Reason and logic and debate need solid factual foundations
He’s back bby
How do you do my fellow ancients?
i forgot how long vsauce videos sometimes are  will have to watch this tomorrow
honestly the day of the year that a vsauce video is posted, is a more exciting day than any holiday
I watch old vsause videos for a few days and he uploads a new one
Our dopamine receptors have been highjacked by the technology that was suppose to set us free and connect everyone around the world.
Thank you man love this we really have to lower emissions but honestly how and what’s the best way
He has returned.
more features / more functions   15:45  just noticed that captions are sometimes different than audio in (hopefully deliberate) interesting ways.  will always consume AV+captions going forward
I love hows the video is perfectly cut weather on the audio or the visual
Love you  You made me the person I am today
"I shall hump this rock, i shall hump this tree, i shall hump this beast of the land." -Rick&Morty
Wasn't expecting a Vsauce video today, but it's a welcome surprise.
Vsauce you are awesome
This is awesome
big brain moment
According to CNN, Covid-19 isn't keeping us afraid enough, so climate  crisis is the next major narrative. Make no mistake, we should be good stewards of the earth. But also understand that this earth will be here long after the fall of humanity.
micheal is awesome indeed
Oh wow, so that time he was on a lie detector and said he was the host of Vsauce makes sense now, he still actually believes it!
If Vsauce was a book he'd be return of the king
Damn vsauce selling out to gates or nah
5Head
The social theory of reasoning actually pretty accurately describes exactly what I would do in a debate situation that I slowly eased into somehow.
27:00 "special interests and corporation wouldn't be able to cozy up to those likely to be elected"  Allow me to show special interest #1: Life  In all seriousness, its a thought provoking idea but any person with power or money can just turn the thing into a dictatorship.  We choose our Jury at random, your reasoning is only as good as the information you're provided, and if the glove fits. Any of the experts bringing the random up to speed could be influenced
I had the worst day and this was truely a relief <3
YES! A much needed exposure for an amazing book. Thanks a lot for that Mercier / Sperber shoutout Micheal!
As someone who at least up until now was easily a big fan of the hyper-logical view on reasoning, this video made me deeply uncomfortable... I need some time to let my brain re-solidify after melting into almost nothing lol.
I don’t like how you made a video . Lol i know that its not about making a video and that the point is the theme . But please get back to older making of the video (don’t just sit there and talk , change spots where you talk , jump in etc ... ) . I say this because of the people who don’t understand anything and watch this just for fun .
Hey remember when Bill Gates fought to keep the patents to the COVID vaccines from being free for anyone to use so that big pharmaceutical companies could charge more for them?
Vsauce Just Uploaded...Or Did He ?!
Sell out
biannual truth bomb from michael
AND WHEN THE WORLD NEEDED HIM MOST, HE RETURNED.
are these also anyone else's insane thoughts?
OPRAHHHHHHH YOURE BACK KING
I tend to find way too many reasons to excuse other peoples terrible behavior
I just commented, but I thought I should mention separately that I love how positive this comment section is. Thanks guys for making this the most positive internet space I can think of. Thanks Michael for cultivating such a wonderful place for us to come together.
I dont have time to watch thus right now as i have a zoom class soon. But im willing to bet the future of reasoning looks pretty shakey, with so many people that have their head stuck so firmly up their arses.
Questionmark
This is an infomercial for the Human Instrumentality Project.
Vsauce destroys facts and logic with facts and logic
I’ve never seen a Vsauce video that isn’t from 7 years ago
Another video Another moment of questing my very excistence
As soon as he brought up the computer nerd, who has no expertise in meteorology let alone in anything else, as a source for the mythical  "climate change" hoax, I checked out.
ABC Burger sounds kinda nice. Who wants to go?
Everybody gangsta 'till captions think kinda different than Michael
World leaders need to watch this.
Bill Gates🤮
Maybe we should have a national Deliberation Day
So the take away is that I'm a history teacher?
"hey! Vsauce, michael here... Where is your mind?"    *Because you must've lost it* 🤨
Bill Gates🤮
The return of the king.
No one:     Honey: 18:31
Tell me where is fancy bred in the heart or in the head?
jesus christ this made me think
Hnnnnnng sounds like commies
Wow this really fits into some things I've realized in the past few months, the truth of Social/universal Darwinism and the work of Aleister Crowley to name a couple.... also I feel like philosophy is the answer to all our problems, replace churches with houses of thought
Hey, VSauce, Michael's back!
take that , liberals
Becoming an adult is watching vsauce for the information instead of the memes
how many phones does this man have lol
Vsauce: Is your mind in your head? My head: 📭
Lottocracy has been used to an extent in anarchist societies and organisations, and is a theoretical facet of council communism, a decentralised anti authoritarian form of collective society.
Vsauce working with Bill Gates...truly is the end of all hope.
Damn I lost the notification again
Honestly no better place to start than right here, how should we go about this grand change, a move towards inclusion, collective reasoning and a better future, let's discuss it!
Reason being social explains so much, especially about myself
🐘🐘🐘🐘🐘
Vsauce, the truly good content creator.
Here before this gets 10 million views
Wait an episode not about the curiosity box???
Imagine the responsibility this man has...
I'm now a lottocracy fan. Chaos is fun.
7:25 is expanding the empathy the solution... Or is that empathy the problem we face.
all the dislikes were in the first 5 seconds... for reasons that i can only intuitively think of, but not argue
I would like to meet elephant Michael
Ayy new vid
michael vsauce explains twitter arguments
The king is back!
Another epic video from one of the few channels that actually teach interesting information that blow our minds and make us view the world a little more realistically. I love Vsauce, man
Where is my mind?   Way out in the water, sick of swimming
Here before 1m views
Where did the big bang began?
YES
Dang I didn't expect this, lovely video and just what i needed to hear right now because it tangents on what I've already thought though it manages to articulate it, GIVE REASONS FOR MY INTUITIONS as they say
Hey Vsauce, Michael here. The bats are back.
At 1:56. Eventually going to hear that in every single episode
Missed you
Hey, here. Michael Vsauce.
A lottocracy actually sounds really interesting
Hey vsauce Michael isn’t here hes there, but where is there? Is there here? Or is it there where its here?  Is he everywhere he can be stalking your right there, No right here where there is. Also you’re there on youtube reading this comment wasting your time or are you still gonna be here where there is? Got u again wasted 10 more seconds of your time also i wasted 3 more seconds because you’re for some reason reading this comment even though you know that its there, but if its right here its right in front of you. how is it there? Maybe its because you’re wasting your time reading this comment just go do something that doesn’t  include you being here, or your just there. Guess what, i got you again but did i? If i got you you’d have to be here not there why? But, Guess what i got you again.
He always hits us with the "Or is it?" and I question my entire existence
This isn't Michael. His "...or is it?" Didn't have the theme start playing.  He's an imposter
Vsauce anti modern democracy? Based
God has returned
"The Industrial Revolution and its consequences have been a disaster for the human race"-Theodore Kaczynski
#MichaelForPresident
The only way you get the benefits of the crowd in decision making, is when you actually use the crowd in decision making. If you use the crowd to choose a leader and then the leader makes all the decisions, you loose all the benefits of the crowd in decision making.  Direct democracy is how you get the benefits of the crowd.
I think it's the only content everybody agrees is up to the quality for the time in between releases
Bill Gates wants to eliminate 10-15 percent of people with vaccines. This disappoints me that Vsause would team up with a psycho...  unsubscribe
Geht's noch?
Vsauce Pog
Awesome video, as always. Thanks Michael :)
half an hour Vsauce video, time to replace everything I've learnt in the past week.
heartbroken at the 5 minute mark when it was revealed that this video was funded by a billionaire . RIP vsauce, hope that Bill Gates check is fairing you well
Finally chose to stop ignoring us and make another video?
Michael DESTROYS Facts and Logic with Facts and Logic!!
This was my favorite one in a while, great work!
We got another one bois
Hey Michael! were have u been? :)  edit: Hail Lottocracy!!!
Epistemology: The most important topic that's never talked about.  The study of "How do we know what we know?"  Great video, Michael!!!
Okay a Lottocracy sounds brilliant and I want one now
this is the best Vsauce i have ever watched. i really really liked the others too but this is amazing
Just commenting for the algorithm. This video carries an important message.
I am a happy viewer. Why? We're coming back to the less weird Michael.
Why you took so long 😭
Time for my annual mind fuck
“Where is your mind?”  I don’t know dude still looking for my fingers
Fuck this. AnPrim gang
I am so glad there is a video on this topic. IMO the most important thing that most people in the world have forgotten. In this digital age where there is no retaliation or consensus needed, we are all too eager to place ourselves in an echo chamber. If not addressed this will be the downfall of us all, division is growing and we fail to at least agree to disagree, and rather forget everyone else. Human discourse is the driving force of our evolution, and we are intellectually evolving at light-speed, so this lack of understanding and discussion has locked the greater world in a standstill I fear will imprison us all. Stay safe, my friends, and stay open to those you disagree with, we are all in this together.
This sauce tastes like kursgesagt
I think when Michael stop making videos we will know 1 year after
Early?
Oh fuck bill bitch could end homelessness also how is denying the rest of the world the ability to make covid vaccines reasonable why is patents on vaccine a reasonable thing I am out look forward to the next vid tho
"One day we will all be teachers ourselves because one day we'll all be history." Wow that's deep.
vsause uploaded😍😍😍😍😍
Wow that political stance swap trick is a great argument against democracy. 50%?!
HE HAS RETURNED
not gonna lie, making a point about how wise and important decisions are left to groups of people for a Reason. and then simeoultaneousy collabing/sponsoring bill gates right after he denied poor people vaccines when he shouldnt have the power to in the first place is Cringe. love ya michael but im gonna have to pick you up by your beard and swing you around like that little girl from matilda.
This video was created in partnership with the man holding back vaccine patents for no good reason.
“When the world needed him most he came back”-some dude
People are inherently not rational, so I don't get the premise of the video.
i thought you would never post again
thank you bald science man this has improved my day
It rlly sucks that Bill gates doesn’t want to share the vaccine with foreign countries though, pretty uncool
Haven't watched the video yet, but based on my observations of people in general. All reasoning in the future will be done by AIs
LETS GOOOO MORE VSAUCE
The smooth jazz almost offsets your anti-human message. Almost.
damn really sounds like its extremist politics what is being talked about. really hope we can come to a good conclusion with politics sooner or later, otherwise we are bound to go into the filter.
Yeah, I'm not a fan of Bill Gates at all, so quite skeptical about this video.
The future of reasoning is tight!
Off the awesome-ometer as always!
Our lord and vsavior is back
wow
I'm gonna sleep now, will watch the video when I wake up. But I dropped a like anyways. Also, hi Michael long time no see
Blaze if you see this comment you gay
Was the coffin comfy, Michael? 😏
If we changed to this 'Lottocracy', Lobbyists would just cram their way into classrooms and textbooks rather than legislature's doorsteps.  And I doubt we'd come to any sort of meaningful policy agreements if our "jury" were simply agreeing yes or no.  Deliberations would probably be far more complicated and given our current political climate I doubt much would get done.
Yeah, the problem with this is that the "science" that recognizes anthropogenic climate change as real is political in nature and doesn't really qualify as science at all. Anytime the argument is "a consensus of scientists agree", you know you're being fed propaganda, not actual science. Science doesn't need a consensus, nor does a consensus make something scientific true.  Sad, that that's where "science" is heading these days. People like Bill Gates are in on it, as well. That book is nothing but propaganda.
mmh thats a lotta big words sir but i have a question for you       what are you thoughts on anime tiddies?
With all due respect, but you are clearly wrong. All elephants are awesome. Always.
dang within 200k views
Maybe we could get bill gattttes solve the problem with a vaccine and bring the number down to zero ,maybe its not a planet and it would be better if we behaved like sheep
Deezzzzz nutttsss
this man just does not miss
The most interesting thing is that (having a) Reason and reasoning are different words/concepts in other languages, which would have lead to a different video.
His hairline hasnt changed in 10 years. Strange.
Holy crap, that is good.
Everything and nothing makes perfect sense now.
I support the introduction of global/national deliberation frameworks, lessons, and exercises. Living in social echo chambers is boring and unproductive.
what a great fuckin channel
Bill Gates paying influencers to help him cement his better vision for society at which he sits at the top. Today I saw Vsace become a mechanism in a machine of world domination. There are many people exposing Bill World-Domination-in-the-guise-of-philanthropy Gates... search it.
Good to see you again Vsauce :)
before 1m ticket🎟️🎟️🎟️🎟️
Michael is now working with big corporations.
is this video commie propaganda or did i forget to take my meds
I think the idea of having a "Jury" made up of citizens with diverse backgrounds to vote on Laws and important decisions, rather than elected officials whom are worried about re-election and pandering to their political base, is a fantastic idea.
wouldnt it be dope if we.. i dunno, had democracy in the workplace as well? use that collective reasoning everywhere we can? seems like a good idea to me.
Michael is awesome. All elephants are awesome. Therefore, all elephants are Michael.
Coincidentally, Flesh and Concrete is my band's next album title.
Return of the king
Vsauce keeping us humble😌
VSAUCE!
Michael. Just say it. *Please*-  "We are a collective."
“Honey wake up new Vsauce just dropped”
Michael this was a very thought provoking video and you changed my mind on many things. I bet you will enjoy seeing the different views in the comments below.
This is incredible, how have I not heard of this? Thank you Micheal
Your content is amazing. And I have this video to reason others into the same conclusion.
26:13
There's an awful lot of subtext in this video...
Lottacracy. This sounds like a jury (almost) !!
May reason favor you...
My day is going really bad *Vsauce posts a 30 minute video* My day is going really good!
Basically Michael's reasoning advocates decentralizing government and giving power back to the people who theoretically at least put our leaders where they are. I can dig that
Yeah with that attitude you won't be an elephant, Michael. Smh.
Have you tried reasoning with a liberal lately? Good luck.
Wheeeere is my mind ♪
Ah, just in time for my existential crisis
The fake surprise at 27:14 is soooo good
He's back!
KKona fake newsss!!
Am I just late to the party or is he uploading now (I mean he restarted uploading)
NEW VSAUCE VIDEO YEEEEES
I love how the next suggested video is titled “A Solid 30 Minutes of Useless Information.”
yay
I love it when Vsauce remembers the channel password
"For some people an answer is true, when for others it isn't".  Dialectical materialism, the idea that a person's material conditions give them different goals than other groups, aka, the wealthy need more fossil fuel usage for their stocks, the poor need less usage so they can breathe easier.  The rich can buy bunkers/are old, the poor tend to not be.
I think all of Twitter needs to see this
"The mind" is stored in the balls.
Actually, the answer to the logic puzzle is 'Not enough information to decide' because we were never told that Mary is actually a person: our minds used reasoning to infer that they are.
so you’re saying douglas adams was right and the earth is one big computer
Why is vsauce reasoning with me
This is a great video for teaching people about critical thinking
keep up the great vids!!
Finally, a new political ideology: Vsaucism
My city at 1:32. Thanks for the shout out to my hometown VSauce.  That's Las Vegas in case anyone is curious.
Bill gates invest in company that do climate damage to protect his wealth
This video is the best one yet, keeps getting better and better.
I was just rewatching old vsauce and then this popped up.
Wait what? New Vsauce!! OMG! Yes!
38 mins ago
This was a disguise for climate change propaganda, presented in what is certainly the context of someone (Michael) who truly believes it.
Vsauce: Or is it? Me: waiting for Vsauce music to start Vsauce music: doesn’t start until 4 minutes later Me: wait that’s illegal
WuDuP V€€So5S
We already know the value of a lottocracy: we choose jurors this way
epic!!
I've always thought about, what if everyone assimilated? Like the Rick and Morty episode. Except not with a brain virus spread by revolted stomach acid, but just everyone suddenly worked towards the "tower to reach God" as I call it. Just the concept of leaving this earth in a physical format.
go full nuclear energy is literally all i can think of. That and harnessing the power of the tides and ocean movement
It sucks that Michael mentioned Bill Gates.
Just today i rewatched some older vsauce videos and couldn't be happier to see a new one pop out of nowhere
Vsauce video on my birthday? I must be in heaven
10:11 😅  Is it me or is anyone else thinking how someone could get that wrong?
Whenever i watch a Vsauce video, i consider downloading it and giving it pt-br subtitle. I really enjoy this content and i wish more people could reason about it.
Oh wow watched this 1 minute after it came out lol. Awesomesauce video keep up the work!
This is amazing, genuine and well put together. I’m not sure what’s going on in Michael world but I’d certainly love to see your face describing things to me more.
This video everything I've been thinking about , online arguments are the worst
Despite the people making memes out of Vsauce, I genuinely, really like him. Hes super interesting and he puts everything in a way you can understand it. Never change, Michael.
Sucks this has to do with Bill Gates...
Bill Gates 😒
we missed you, our prometheus
Goddammit Michael, I just got done watching a whole lot of Exurb1a videos, I really did not need this along with the depression turtle
Who else said "or is it?" before he did?
Its not a bug it's a feature
Yeah so maybe don't partner with Bill Gates since he directly prevented Oxford's covid vaccine from being open source, which is actively killing millions of people. Obviously the man does not actually care about human life, only his money and brand image.
He came back when we needed him the most
ah yes... the youtube comments section, the pinnacle of human collaborative reasoning at its finest
there are probably many people who like seasoning more than reasoning ,-,
It's funny how I sometimes complain and dislike going to my online classes, but then a Vsauce video comes out and I watch all of it without ever getting bored.
OOOOOHHH
See you all next year.
This looked like it was going in an interesting direction but personally I think it fell short of what it could have been. For example, 22:20 makes it seem as if the jellybean problem confirms the wisdom of crowds but this overlooks the fact that the result is a matter of statistics, not discussion. The other half to the jellybean experiment that is often overlooked is that, although the average of a group's answers is usually very good, when you get the group in a room to discuss and reach a consensus, it's nowhere near as good (if you have any doubts, I highly recommend you try this if you can get a group together). In any group interaction people are not equal- some talk more loudly and confidently and therefore generally get more of a say, there are biases at play. Other studies have suggested that when people get into a group the average IQ decreases compared to the average of their scores taken when they are alone (although this isn't the most solid science admittedly). This rather felt to me like an attempt to nicely wrap up an incredibly complicated topic in 30mins, when it really is nowhere near that simple.
He just explained politics without explaining politics
Quite literally the most enlightening thing I've seen in a long time, extremely informative and engaging, and left me thinking in an entirely new way. Unsurprisingly, another masterpiece video from Vsauce.
Fun fact: After he said “Or is it”, the video got 28 minutes longer.
How do you keep the lottocracy from being biased in some way? How would you know if it was somehow corrupt and how would you go about correcting it?
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates" time to unsub lmao
it's really good to see you again.
Love the message at the end
Michael took control of his addiction to knowledge and shaved his beardo
whenever he says "or is it" I get chills
hey vsauce michael here
I've missed this. They're like comfort food for my soul. What a beautiful, well thought out video as always
wasn't this the idea behind the "free market".   Also, I'm pretty sure Mu'ammar Al-Qadhdhāfī tried something like the system you spoke of in 27:00 near the end of his reign. we all know how that turned out.
we want a podcast!
This "arena of reason" you speak of is called the free market. A system where we all deliberate over values and reason what the best path forward is, individually and cooperatively and in unison. It isn't just about money and the allocation of resources -- it's about where we move as a species, and how. We don't need a "lottocracy", or any kind of contrived and built system. Spontaneous order between humans looking for mutual benefit through trade of goods, services and ideas is all we need and it is the natural order of things. This entire video screams voluntaryism and laissez-faire. Whether you actually support these principles or not you certainly put forward a great argument for them regardless. Glad to have Vsauce back :)
Hey.
"where is your mind" listen Michael if I knew that I would not be on YouTube watching this rn
When Patrick Bateman says he, "Just wants to fit in", he is being more insightful than he knows. Lol
Tnx michael
For anyone that was curious about Lottocracy, it's also often called Sortition and is already used in may countries around the world. The Citizen's Assembly in Ireland is the only one I know the name of
The title of this video is incredibly clickbait-y. This is a video about climate change
Hey guys!
Welp, its time to build the Human Instrumentality Project.
Great reset vibes are strong on this one
11:17 can someone explain if this sentence is based off of Toulmins argumentation model?
I feel like with each video, michaels "thanks for watching" becomes more sincere
For me, every new video from vsauce is heaven. I sincirely did not beleave that he would ever post another vsauce. Yet here we are, and they are better then ever before. Vsauce, you cannot understand the feeling i experience when you upload a new video.  Too me, this is what youtube stands for. Vsauce is the example of what youtube should be like.
I swear the last time I looked vsauce had 4 million subs lol
28:14 I havent played forknife in years but i sware in the background there as a downing sound
Ohhh yesss a long v sauce video what can ask moreeeeee
It’s nice to hear “Hey, Vsauce Michael here!” Again.
the fact that bill gates is involved in this is bizarre bc he literally is the billionaire that isnt going to come and help us and is in fact a part of the issue
V Sauce makes great science videos without being a too scary video about Climate Change and other problems of the world right now.
15:01 is exactly half and it seems kinda funny
A blessing from the lord
Yay! A birthday present!
The only issue i see with lottocracy is that it devalues experience. When you find someone that is good at his job, like creating laws, you want him to stay in place. I propose a congress with 60% random elected annual members and a 40% elected members, that rotate every 4 years.
You know it's a good video before u even watch! Amazing!!
Thank you Michael. My awesome-meter readings are going through the roof.
I’m grabbing my popcorn
Aahh the focus group.
I already know that 1/3 of the way through the video we’re going to be so off topic I won’t remember it was.
1 minute in and this feels like it’s heading in a Evangelion-esque direction
It took 5 mins and 45 seconds from the start of the video...
aww shiiiiieeet leeeetssgoooooooo
WTH does bill gates know about climate change
Hey he’s back! 😄
I would love to talk to this man I would fly over immediately
What future? Reasoning is already breaking down
I agree
I think the part about how our reasoning can be thought of as more reactive than proactive is incredibly interesting and useful to think about for political engagement, not just for climate but for any important issue. Go out and talk to people about the issues you care about, your arguments will be stronger and you'll have a better understanding of the issues, and you might just change someone's mind.
176,000th viewer ig
The Future Of Reasoning  Me: It would be reasonable to go to sleep on a different day than I wake up.         Nah...
Holy shit vsauce uploaded
Been waiting for 3 months for this !!!
The last time you posted i cried bc the video was so moving im not ready for this
Damn, Michael is out here trying to alter the way we run our society, and all I did today was take a nap!
HE'S BACK AND HIS BEARD IS NORMAL AGAIN, I'VE NEVER BEEN SO HAPPY
Oh Snap a new VSUACE video....wheres my chips!?
Good
182k in 58 minutes 😳😳😳
Do we get to a point to where everytime we learn something new, we forget something ? And is black the absence of color, or is black the color you see in the absence of color ?
I need more of this
Vsauce make me more passionate about thinking than my science teacher
I felt my brain evolve when I finally solved that logic problem. 🧠
Yessss!!! Michael, you are the man. Good to see you making videos and always rush to see what you create. Always insightful and teaches me something new.
He's getting older, it's been 10 years
5:45 all right boys hes back
God i love your mind. I've had alot of similar toughts but my mind isn't strong enough to string all these idea's in one tought, sentence or even a conversation.   Many thanks for putting it all in a video <3
Was great, until you lost me at "Bill Gates."
I WAS HERE LOL
Bill Gate if he cares so much about the climate shouldn't shortsell Tesla imo
under where?
14:12 This is  hilarious because this is my exact thought process I am aspie tho, kind of funny that people don't think too hard on that stuff.
This is my favorite Vsauce video!      ...or is it?
Thank you so much for making this. Your videos are always so amazing!
Great video sir
All of my cells differentiated into neurons after this video
Jontron and vsauce a day apart?  Is the end of the world coming?
Bruh
ok i dont want to sign up to something how can i talk to a reall person now ??
Please no, I asked myself that first question when i tried totally normal non-psychedelic mushrooms and it got me into a loop that took me hours to get out of.
Me:*Having a bad day*  Vsause: *uploads 30 min video*  Me:*Smiles*
Huh. That was fast in Vsauce standards!
Yes another video
"Hey Vsauce, Michael here" it's like music to my ears.
Hmmm yes the king has returned, or has he?
I immediately quit out of the other video I was watching as I stumbled upon this upload! Your videos will always be priority #1!
The world needs to see this video. Thank you.
No one comments on how fantastic your videos are and how much work you put into them, they would rather comment shit jokes that have been made millions of time such as the famous ( vsauce: xxxxxx         everyone: xxxxxxx) such a shit overused joke that i hate so much, people need to stop commenting this type of shit.
wow. one of the best vsauce videos to date
Funny you should mention ABC Burger since that's an actual thing in Finland.
Just just got off to Vsauce
Was binge watching Vsauce videos all day and then when this popped up thought it was an old video until it finished and it was like 40 mins old
Michael is like the albino wallaby. Appears once or so a year and only cuz he bored.
the mad lad is back
"We will someday be the ancients" that's it, that's the most terrifying yet quintessential truth about existence and its very purpose if has to have one.
Praise allah
*vsauce music kicks in* Me: *the stupidest grin on my face cuz he's is back (for a lil bit) bby*
Michael uploading a video should be celebrated as a national holiday.
I'll do you one better.. Why is my mind?
Reasoning with unreasonable sjws.
So close to truth. Imo this video is just missing the spiritual aspect of consciousness and souls, and how free will is the most important trait to preserve amongst all organisms. That’s what the problem is. We aren’t concerned nearly enough with the free wills of other species and just all the fellow men, even tho our socio-culture power is starting to lift from the level of advanced primates into the level of low-level deities at least technologically speaking. We have so much power now as a people we need to really learn to restrain it right. Also come on let be honest here there is not a large group of people running this world. Good old bill gates and like 7 others run this show let be real here, everyone else is figureheads. Luckily crypto is here to solve our free will issue.
very disappointed with the centrist conclusion. i’m guessing the corporate overlords would ask you to cut short before you gave people “too many ideas”.  we should extend the power of reason for everyone, so we can reap the collective benefits of social reason. also, we should extend the power of labor for everyone, so we can reap the collective profits of social labor.  billionaires, no matter how well intentioned, are inherently bad for our planet. so, no matter how cute he might try to look, fuck bill gates.
"No, i am not an elephant. Or am i? *Vsauce music starts playing again*"
vee saws
babe wake up new vsauce video
Ayy ist da sause
Please SOMEBODY make an awesometer pleeeaaasseee
I thought Michael was dead for a brief moment, because I got confused with some other famous Michael with a simular lastname that tragically passed away this evening. Then I googled the name and it was a completely other person. But the good news is: new video.
Is this "the talk?"
What a wonderful brain think, thank you
I just love it when most of the middle to last part of the video increasingly relates to the election of a leader in the correct way by the law of Islam. Although, in present time its non existant but it did exist when Rashidun Caliphate ruled. I do agree with most part of what Micheal had to say. Loved to watch the video while preparing for my fast (Ramadan). The part where he says something about our recreation later when we are ancient, for the purpose of communication. It was fascinating to relate that to the last day of judgement when we WILL be recreated by SOMETHING possessing the great power of recreation or creation in the first place. And COMMUNICATION will happen as we will be held accountable for what we used to do in our 'ancient' past.
Partnership with Bill Gates? Unsubbed.
This is brilliant! Thanks for sharing Michael!
Moral of the video: Michael wants to be immortal via resurrection by future kind.
Heyo, this why me and my friends argue about dumb political and cultural ideologies. Fuck echo chambers, devil's advocate for life.
I knew it was good luck wearing my brain candy live sweatshirt today!
He is back. The king of Youtube is back. Vsauce is back.
"my consciousness" is either in the center of my head or the cerebellum, it's somehow interchangeable hahaha
Bruh visauce
mice
1 a.m. I don't know why I even opened the Youtube App but when you're so early for a Vsauce Video you can't just ignore it and go to bed.
When I have to guess a number, I always guess two numbers and then take the middle of both numbers as an answer lol. And it is spectactularily accurate indeed. : >
Im a cat
I've started to feel extremely uncomfortable when the frame begun to zoom in and out and I've noticed that camera is tilted or stands not perpendicular to the wall. It’s not just me, is it?
17:03 you can justify yourself to to others but are you justified in the eyes of JESUS?
My day has been made
The future of reasoning is simply two people pouring out all the emotions on the spectrum to one another. no facts or logic involved whatsoever. We are in a post-fact world.
Evolution is fake
Michael convinces me to dissolve the government in 30 minutes
O great Vsauce is making another video that 99% o people understand but makes it sound complex, gotta love it.
Based.
me: I was impatient and I accessed Vsauce's dms through an app at uniid.lol that made me cry, even in my breakup I didnt feel so "bad"
Okie dokie
lottocracy sounds like a very good idea
Any logic that coincides with Bill Gates, the other "climate crisis" Chicken Littles, and their repeatedly failed predictions is the death of reason and critical thinking.
Watching his videos while stoned is ...crazy
Michael should be Captain America
What a ride this was...
The only channel where I automatically like whatever video is posted.
Hey, VSauce, Awesome Elephant here!
Ah, so that's where he's been
I've learned alot from vsauce more than school
Vsauce: Uploads Everyone: *A blessing from the lord!*
ISTP reasoning here.
hey vsauce micheal here
Anarcho-Vsaucism
"A virus." - Agent Smith
why does he never reply to comments :(
Everything I've missed. Love that Vsauce feel
My mind is no where.
I feel like I just listened to a PhD dissertation
When the world needed him most he arrive
Phenomenal video. Thanks for giving us so much to think about how he think.
This video may require several rewatches, just as all your videos
The second that I see a vid. I know I’m going to like it.
Where is my mind? Out in the water, see it swimming
This is my new favorite vsauce video. absolutely fucking based.
I always get chills at Michaels outro Lines. "awsome" work im amazed. Thank u for this piece of art. Ur the dad i never had
One day schools will be talking about ancient philosopher Michael
Should have been called "The Feature of Reasoning"
“Video created in partnership with bill gates.” Only on Vsauce
Your head will colapse..And there's nothing in it, you'll ask yourself...      HEY, VSAUCE. Micheal here. Where is my mind?
A new vsauce video 😮 dude all my favorite youtubers posting content on the same day
I can’t believe he didn’t say Awesometer
there’s only one thing i could say negative about a lottocracy but maybe it could be fixed with a big enough sample size, you might need multiple random groups to make decisions, because the first thing in my mind is, if a lady with big hoo haas is in my group, i might agree with her because of “reasons”
Hey guys, Vsauce, Micheal here, I forgot my youtube password. Or did I?
I always thought it was impossible to dictate chance based off of human preferences
Why doesn't bill gates just give the book out for free since he doesn't want to sell - being one of the richest of all time - if his goal is to spread the word, then why not make it free? I don't like it, not sincere nor genuine coming from a billionaire. Want people to listen? Then don't ask them for money when you have most of it. He is right about climate change, but this money hungry attitude is what got us here in the first place
Just came to comment About to start a class, can watch it rn but the moment I saw, Vsauce back, futuristic philosophical title, 30min, I fking KNOW I'm boutta have a good time
What’s up with these Closed Captions? I had to turn them off cause I was so thrown off
the brain is a meat blob, like a tofu - michael
Cousin: *uses Tik Tok* Me: 0:05
We need more debates both big and small. Check out ReasonTV.
The decor is pretty empty but the video is not!
Is VSAUCE claiming a one world government?
I would like to see you at the Joe Rogan show again
30 minutes I took from my sleep have been well-spent
Michael: ... or is it? Me: *the stupidest grin on my face cuz vsauce is back bby*
It’s got old school vsaucy vibes and I love it.
"where is your mind" holy shit im not gonna last through 30min of this
Alt title: "Michael talks about Twitter for half an hour"
14:14 unless you’re a psychopath..
Why the aspect ratio?
I lack the literature to fully grasp what you're saying... and I'm ashamed of that.
As one of the Gamestop Stock holders, I felt called out multiple times
Welcome everyone!! Make sure you drink some water and grab a snack! You are worth it!
Reasoning can't explain why I am watching this at 4am instead of revising for finals
First
NEW VSAUCE VIDEO POG
I'd like to think that someday we'll look back at Vsauce and praise Michael as our first great savior of mankind
Omg he's alive
"Values" has the same amount of letters as "Vsauce". Also "useful" does too.
The Future Of Michael Gone Mad
uhh the subtitles are a little wrong
Imagine sharing this video so much it ends up becoming the most viral video of all time by a lot, ending up all over the news, eventually leading our generation to evolve into the collective that ensured the survival of our species. :o
omg I caught this within an hour of it being released so I had to comment
That was mind blowing.
So... Michael is awesome
Love the skype type music in the background.
Love it
what about a DAO government to reason?
was about to rebinge the entire Vsauce library  for the nth time when I saw this treat was out.
Wow, I'm gonna have to watch that again.....
I believe that the reason people are scared of or uncomfortable with changing their minds - or amending their reasoning - might stem from social fears. If you happen to be wrong about something then that would be detrimental to your survival and the others in your group. Our reasoning might be seen as a strategic survival mechanism, and should that strategy be faulty then it might result in a detriment to you or, more importantly, the group.   To be cast out of a group would have been a death sentence, so you are invested in preserving your reasoning. If not for yourself then to your peers. Convince others of your reasoning, even a faulty one, and you will remain safe - at least from social exile. Feeling like you are wrong resulting in discomfort might therefore be an instinct to preserve; first, social standing, and second, survival. Socal standing being a priority, as survival would be contingent on the former. This internal pain of admitting that you have been wrong in your reasoning might first represent the fear of executing a suboptimal survival strategy, which could be fatal. Secondly it may represent the fear of social rejection for having potentially endangered the group - which again would lead to personal endagnergement, possibly from exile.   It could be that this is where some of this behavior evolved from, but is it somewhat funny to think that we still could feel this way when we disagree about the most trivial matter. Noone likes to admit that they are wrong - it might just be instinct. Of course, the most strategic, and logical, method would be to change your mind when presented with faults to your reasoning. This would allow us to skip that whole self agonising circus, and messy interpersonal mess, wouldn't it? However, we know from our personal experience and that of others that that's not the case. As logical as we see ourselves as we simply do not act that way. Noone likes to be wrong - it might just be deadly.
I literally wait all year for these
i was just going through all of the videos of the channel today and then he uploaded this, and i thought did i miss any video, and then i saw its new, love to see him-
Hey vsauce, iggy here. Where is the old background music?
i often try think about how a crowd government would look like and simply can't.
HE'S BACK HAZAAAAAAA
The mind is in the brain; everything else is a collection of tools that free up brainpower to do other things. There's no need to overthink it.
To anyone who reads: You are lovely and unique and may all of your wishes become true. My wish is to make my channel succeed!! 😎
5:48 the familiar music starts.
I want the human race to grow beyond the bounds of the earth. Reducing everything to zero emissions means we will live with and die with the earth. I believe damaging the earth is needed to become an interplanetary species. Along the way we will discover amazing technologies that will help us take better care of the earth than we do today. I want the earth to be saved by the human race. I want humans to put the earth in their greenhouse so we can preserve it forever. Not preserve it until the sun burns out and humanity dies because the climate changed. We will need to exploit the space around us to build a greenhouse for the earth. So get to work and start building. Start burning. Even thinking is not zero emissions. Why should everything around us be. I get it, we should save the earth. But lets think one step further... HOW EXACTLY? let's make a blueprint.
*HIS BEARD IS GROWING AGAIN NOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO*
Michael  Michael you’re gonna male me self conscious about my reasoning Michael
Went in to tell my boss that I was leaving early because there’s a new Vsauce video. He told me to shut up he’s watching the new Vsauce video.
This feels like what I've been thinking in my head for years. Anarchism isn't just about setting chairs on fire.
I consider these videos lectures and they are lectures i get excited for. I will literally choose to be late to my other classes simply because I know I will actually learn something from Professor Michael
I always feel like I’m grounded in things until he makes videos like this and I realize there’s so much more to learn and deliberate on, frikin awesome information here and delivered so thoughtfully!
Bill Gates has been bribing a lot people lately to spew propaganda.
You know, I was so bored and wanted to learn something. Thanks Michael!
Holy Smokes! New Vsauce!!!
I really, really want to see the uncut version of the intro
"What if reasoning wasn't built for what we've become?"  Honestly one of the more profound "vsauce music" moments
Was gunna make a 'Michael DESTROYS reason with FACTS and LOGIC' joke but someone beat me to it haha, I hope anyone reading this will have a good day :)
After some thorough research I have come to the conclusion that Michael, while most likely not an elephant, is nonetheless awesome.
In an interview with michael, many years ago he said the secret to his success with his videos was to teach people without them even realizing that they are learning.   This was the first video he's ever made that felt like a kind of dragged, and I hate to say it seems like it was because it had an agenda rather than to teach as his videos usually do. Please Michael be careful...  Good video nonetheless...
One of the most interesting and illuminating video of this channel. Thank you Micheal
THE BEARD IS BACK
WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
OMG, I've been pushing the idea for lottocracy for years, though I didn't have a word for it till now. Thankyou Vsauce.
Never clicked a video so fast!
The music after "Or is it?” was not the same as usual. I'm sad.
Hey Michael, How are you today?
I can't help but feel like Gates is staring Michael down while he reads the script
There is no 'future of 'reasoning' in a post-modernist world.
LETSSSS GOOOOO!! VSAUCE BABY!
Any reason why I should watch this? 🤔😉
VSAUCE VSAUCE VSAUCE
_Where is your MIND?_ ~ Vsauce
Hello
😳😳 😲😲 wise man
Vsauce tell Bill Gates that blocking the sun won't reduce global warming, instead, the money can be used to plant trees, they're the best carbon dioxide filters we have.
The Return Of The King
Thanks for the existential crisis at the end
This video was horsetits. This channel is dead.
Best Vsauce video yet
12:00 The catholic church decides which assumptions are fair based on Faith. Empathy is a biological process as metaphysically meaningless as pain or vision. While that's settled, nice job on getting a collab with Bill Gates.
Im confused as always
Bill gates... Michael no
Vsauce baybeee
My worst nightmare is not to be able to escape existence and be brought back to life. Please!
Eyy your back
Fine I'll go to ABC Burger with you
Random people already "reason" together in the YouTube comments section. I don't need the YouTube comments section to decide the fate of the world. No offense, dear reader.
He really is back! I've been watching since like 2010
Ur vids rly r a blessing:')
"Hey VSauce, Michael" here is my favourite way to start the day!
3:30 Is the Earth trying to tell us a message?
My mind is in my eyes because that is where I am preset most, even when my eyes are shut I can see and am conscious. But when I am asleep I can no longer use my eyes consciously until I am awake again. So I believe that the fictional idea that is my mind is in my eyes.
“Everything is becoming more common, and accessible”  Yeah except them graphics cards
Some of us are skeptical of the collective wisdom of individual ignorance-- with good reason.
I was sliding through 2021 blissfully calm about the world, then I saw this video. Thank you... I guess
In my opinion this was the best episode BY FAR
In the spirit of being , ". . . a species of individuals that is also one big, interdependent, lumbering growth. . ." Could I depend on one of you to reply to this comment and the rest of you to like that comment? It's a lot more efficient than me making thousands of accounts to do it myself.
fuck yeah
Progress is difficult!
Michael just destroyed both sides of the political spectrum, holy shit
I miss the old intro popping in from below the frame
Vsause’s upload schedule: 📈📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📈📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📈📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📉📈📈📈📈📈📈📈
I will never watch another one of your videos. You should be ashamed of yourself as a human being.
was about to go to sleep... guess that'll have to wait
11:28: "But it's not sound" subtitle made me lol
Hey Vsauce, Michael here!
I’ve been binging vsauce for like 2 weeks and then I am blessed with a new video, bless the science gods.
So how about Neuralink and a little hive mind action?
I clicked faster than Michael says Hey Vsauce! Michael here.
The legend has returned
All the world's problems will be solved by population reduction. Look out for the four horsemen.
Been watching vsauce for almost a decade im still a big fan of you. If you're reading this could you reply or heart this comment? It will make my whole day! ❤
damn im here ant it has 4 views
YESSSSSSSSS it's learning time bois
"hello vsauce here and is everything we do and everything we think a lie?"
10:30  Paul is a Pauled person,  Peter is a Petered person and Mary is a Married person, why Peter is an unmarried person?
I am elephant
This man changed my life. I am now smart. I literally can't explain it any other way. I just think more now. Thanks Michael Vsauce!
Upcoming classic
Worth. The. Wait.
“We will all be history” that cut me deep
yay a new vid
50 minutes ago lesgo
15:34 Bethesda Executives meeting
not bill gates man  :///
Great video Bro, We are the Ancient ones
Micheal may not be an elephant but he is still awesome.
5:42.  There it is
I have never been this early wow
Cool feature, Michael isn't being conservative with the use of his cognitive capacities. No, he is going all the way, with all of his capacities.
C'mon Michael, "awesometer " was right there.
I think Michael and the Indian guy should become full time online teachers for people age 1-100
This may have been my favorite vsauce in recent memory. I love all episodes but this had some amazing points that I'll be thinking about for a long time. Amazing video!
so it begins
Stop saying "P" my headphones cant take it.
*Future of reasoning*: agree with regressive extremist leftists on absolutely everything or be fired, vilified, persecuted, deplatformed and depersoned.
Reality is holographic.. Earth's changing axis tilt of 22.1 to 24.5 degrees is special connecting to the golden ratio, pyramid dimensions and the rainbow spectrum inside the flower of life.
Wow I've never been this early to a Vsauce video before
Meh, the lack of ETs is probably due to the Stellar Evolution Delay. It took this amount of time in cosmic history for there to be, anywhere, the correct mix of chemical elements for life and civilizations to arise. There could be many developing at the same time, but distances are such that we couldn't learn about them for quite a while yet,and we'd only be able to see ones that are close by, because looking at faraway stars and galaxies means we're looking at them long before life could be there.
this is the earliest i’ve ever been to a vsauce upload
let’s go
Facts and logics' greatest foe Facts and logic
ive never been early to a vsauce upload.
https://youtu.be/ARDXlyq3EgI
early to a vsauce video😳😳
>Bill Gates Opinion discarded.
POV: your looking for a Dolan Dark comment
148,650th
15:37 Bethesda explaining the bugs on their games
If your mind/brain makes up who you are, and your brain is in your skull. Does that mean your skeleton is in you, or you are in your skeleton?
Time for another Vsauce binge
This man is incredible at making humans seem like mindless preprogrammed robots
Watch out for the scam bots boys
Sequel to "Where are your fingers? "
Who decides who the experts informing these people are?   Who's the ones watching over and informing these small groups of their ideas? Validating them?   Those that are in power, of course. It'll be much easier to control the information once people are categorized.
When he explained what a lottocracy was I bursted out laughing, but then I thought hey that's actually a pretty good idea. I've never really thought deliberation and biases were important until now, (so maybe I'm biased cuz I trust Michae) but I'm convinced. Maybe I need to discuss this with other people to really get the message.
Welcome back king
Best youtuber
Vsauce is among the few channels I could watch and concentrate on what they say for a whole half an hour because in every minute of his videos, there are a bunch of cool points he talks about  this guy is just amazing
fck yes, loved it
this is the most political video vsauce will ever make
Finding reasons for what you already believe is what rationalization is not reason
Or is it? -Micheal
I don't know where my mind is, I lost it a long time ago.
The best channel on youtube.
I actually heard about that form of future government in a documentary at least four years ago, called "tomorrow": https://www.tomorrow-documentary.com. really cool movie that brought up some interesting ideas about future farming, currency and government (and some more topics), that apparently are still viable ideas... ironically i was literally the only person in the cinema when i watched it xDD
26:10 very interesting thought of implementing new type of government or structure in our current one. i think it’s very important for the citizens to literally have their voices heard but not only through elected officials but through their own mouths. this was something our founding fathers believed in and originally that was how our government was supposed to be run, by citizens, not mega million airs and professional politicians seeking out their private interest and sometimes interest of the country’s people. We as a beautiful nation need to come together, set an example, and lay the foundation in this country for the generations that will come after us when our time is up and their time has come. we have a limited amount of time on Earth and we need to make sure we do the most we can to love and appreciate one another... and as always Thanks For Watching.
vsauce is yes
The return of the king
22K in under 45 mins. The world's always anticipating Michael.
I cried
Ever think it crosses his mind these videos could literally change the world?
who needs to go to sleep anyway. There is always time for Vsauce.
"Where is your mind?" Never change Vsauce.
Hey Vsauce, Michael here. What is Ligma? Ligma balls haha got em. But what if we couldn't Ligma balls? A 2008 study by Mike Ox...
I was bored now vsauce uploaded
Thank you elephant micheal.
Great video!   Sums up a lot of what i am working on.  One challenge with approaches you mentioned is "complexity" that is not communicable in a shortform context. (E.g. dunning krueger.)  We need to find ways to deal with that complexity, e.g. have experts make sure the people who decide understand the scope of the problem.
Last 30 minutes of work and I notice a new sauce video? Dont mind if I do.
I've been in support for sortition (lottocracy) for a long time now. In combination with an elected body/representative, it really could be a tremendous form of government.
Correction: We don't just need to release 0 emissions, we need to also undo the damage we have done (Well, as much as we can) Lottocracy is indeed the way forward, shame it took us so long to realise (yet again) that the Greeks were right. I'm glad to see someone with more influence than I agrees with what I have been saying since I was old enough to vote.
finally
This was a much more serious Vsauce video, you can tell.  I didn't tell until mid way through it, I kind of don't even know what to think about it.
We had something similar to a lottocracy about climate in France, sadly the government did not listen and the people chosen at random rated the governments decisions 2 out of 5.
Please Michael be sure to write your password down this time
Looks like rent is due
Hey michale, vsave over
michael the man
HES BACK
Do a video on God! And the possibilities. Un-biased
Hmmmmmmm
About the wisdom of the crowd, I remember reading papers that show that the crowed need be of individuals who are rudimentarily familiar with the subject, or else the average of the guesses might not converge to the right solution, which not always can be achieved with a random draw of the general public. That would be my only objection to lottocracy, because the people participating in the lotto would have to be at least reasonably well informed, about the subjects they are deliberating about.  I would like to see more research on how wisdom of the crowd could be used to tackle more technical or complex problems.
I am not high enough for this Vsauce... I think about this 24/7
Bill Gates huh?
10 seconds in and im already questioning my life decisions
97,365th view, 4,293rd comment, and the 15,288th like
why are there never comments related to the video, just memes and stuff?
Hey Michael what's going on with D!NG haven't uploaded in a long time.
I have no friends. Michael will you be my friend ?
This is probably the most important video he has ever made for reasons we are all very aware of.
ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh
I hope the whole world could see this video
Vsauce! I’ve missed you!
Yo he here!
Been thinking about the sheer magnitude of civilization like this lately. IDK if it's possible to change the direction we're headed in at this point, kinda blackpilled about the downward spiral now.
Why should we reason? Idk bro make like that nike and just do it
Hello, this is your yearly dose of Vsauce.
really great video, like michael's point in the video, to go back to our roots, this video seemed like he went back to old vsauce videos. awsome work
0:13  (Meme template)
This is just what I needed after falling into a rabbit hole of flat Earth debunking videos.
holy shit, lottocracy, shieet bro that be a crazy society
Brain is tofu, Said Michael cleaverly
Thanks Micheal for your wisdom
fuck yeah
My God. Silas Laspada is going to have a field day with this episode of Michael's Beard.
yooo new vsauce upload!
It’s probably unhealthy the amount of total vsauce i’ve ever watched, but this is probably the first video where clicked on and it wasn’t 5 years old
Michael has the incredible power of finding the most unsettling word to use to describe what he’s talking about.
So,they got even to you
Just watching this brand new video with some cozy soup, it do be relaxing
Michael must have gotten tired of all his squatting😂
24:56 love this!
So basically, direct democracy. Love it
An upload from Jontron followed by an Upload from Vsauce. Life is good.
OOOOOORRRRR is it!!!!!!
Me when Vsauce uploads: The *BIG BRAIN* is here.
me: I was impatient and I accessed Vsauce's dms through an app at uniid.lol that made me cry, even in my breakup I didnt feel so "bad"
Nowhere and everywhere
This is now my favorite Vsauce video. Kinda crazy for a channel to be making peak content a decade later.
Thanks for the video. A lottocracy doesn't sound too bad
imagine a public sign-up where anyone on that list can be chosen at random to help make a decision with a collection of other randomly chosen people that could either recommend a decision or straight up make a decision in governance. For a moment it sounds ridiculous...but after a little thought it might be just the answer we'd be looking for. "It's so crazy it might just work."  Good luck starting the Lottocratic branch of the government though
omfg new Vsauce?! Thank you Michael!
HELL YEAH
I had a horrible day at work this brought me back to a reasonable mood 😂🤠😎🦔🧠🍎🐕🌚
Earliest I've been to a V-Sauce video.
Hey why not post your bloopers... Support me in likes👇
Man this is what was on my mind but not so well structured. I have a path to follow now, for the greater good ! Thx Michael.
"The world is not a logic puzzle" is probably a very good thing to remember.
E
fuck ya, Michael.
e
I have to say, Michael's reasoning convinced me :)
Looks like Michael’s Behavioral Inertia is reason.
Michael
my day just got so much better
You can't be real. Brother. I was just getting into older vsauce videos again. And now you post again.
I miss this kind of video, what a great watch! I listened while I was reorganizing my room, trying to organize mine and my spouses  technology in a way that i could logically provide reasoning for. Redecorating by myself is always a dangerous task, but it looks damn tasty in my living room now. 2 computers, 2 playstations (ps4 and ps5), 2 tvs, and 2 internet sources (modem + router). Hopefully i dont have to tear it down and start over when Tony gets home lmao.
When We Needed Him The Most, He Returned
96k views after 26 minutes on a video that’s 30 mins long. 🤔
One part of solving climate change is getting rid of people with the wealth and power like Bill Gates.
Keep praying for Cowen Farrel
This video really opened up my mind about the subject, thank you so much for this. Reason has showed us how reason should be used
Alternative Title: Micheal has a Mid Life Crisis
MY GOD 👀 have the Vsauce gods been nice upon us today it is a full fledged episode 👀
Disliked. No classic vsauce theme :(
The intro made me jump
oH NO NOT AGAI **brain activity ceases**
Michael being back on Vsauce is what I needed
Ah, the annual Vsause episode
"We are a species of individuals" You blow me away with every video, Michael
comuunism
Comrade Michael
NEW VSAUCE VID DROPPED LETS GOOOOOO
Hes alive omg!
*Metal gear solid 2 vibes intensifies*
“Where is your mind?”  Nice of you to assume I had one...
the power of reasoning without being bound to bias will lift the great filter
babe wake up new vsauce video
Don't like Bill Gates but I gotta hand it to Michael. He's wise as a prophet
Lottocracy sounds a little like randomized anarchy.
Great video my man!
@Vsauce how does colorless look like
No . No. Not Bill Gates. Michael No
11:23 The assumptions may not be true, but the conclusion certainly is!
LOOKS LIKE THOUGHT IS BACK ON THE MENU BOYS
Is this real????? Where have you been sir?!?! you were one of my first channels I followed
You are one of the people I think I will never unsubscribe to.
Wait... JonTron and Vsauce in the same week? This cant be a coincidence
nice
Michael this video has a great message!
E
Oh look dad came back from buying cigarettes
Lottocracy, what a cool idea. Democracy+
A great follow up channel to this video is Philosophy Tube.
Hiii, Vsause
Vsauce makes a new holiday every time he uploads
...
Gather round the campfire everyone! You know what time it is!
Vsauce has the best indoctrination videos
HE POSTED
wake up babe new vsauce
mmmmmmmm nothing like some crisp 4k Michael from vsauce
Weed.
me: I was impatient and I accessed Vsauce's dms through an app at uniid.lol that made me cry, even in my breakup I didnt feel so "bad"
The reason I'm writing this is because I want my piece on this stone~
The longer his beard gets the crazier he gets...
And as always, thanks for uploading
I want more Dong
Who’s here from the Joe Rogan Podcast?
”One often finds his destiny on the road he takes to avoid it”  -Master Oogway
The bell is absolutely unnecessary. Youtube just knows that people need to see this.
So you sayin, humans were evolved to argue?  if so, bruh LMAO
my brain doesn't understand this, yet i always watch these
How can he say that elephants aren't awesome
Hmmm...
mind is in gutter 🧠
When he said Or Is It? I expected a massive drop of Vsauce music...too bad i guess
I do know Michael is NOT an elephant, and I also know that HE IS awesome! I could put a lots of reasoning behind my conclusion but maybe it is only my intuition. Oh I know, its maybe the beard? (I am having beard and I am awesome too.) :D Great video again Michael! Funny and digs very deep too. Keep on bending our brain I truly think that only by watching them people can develop their thinking further.
a wise person seeks to reason against themselves through reason of others
(11:34) Well that's going in the out-of-context pile
this is the most important vsauce video
Is this some kind of Reasoning?
He stays relevant yet still exploring science and making it interesting :) luv the vid! (by relevant I mean reasoning and politics)
1 video every 3-4 months
Welcome back Vsauce!!!
Doing a 10k giveaway give me y’all’s social security numbers to enter in.
its time for new the annual vsauce out of context video
“We evolved not to leave the thinking up to a few great minds, but the authority of the great mind” nice 👍
i've never thought i was going to be this early even once
Impressive. Very nice. Let’s see Paul Allen’s lecture
@vsauce what happens when we advance so far that’s there’s nothing more to advance to? What’s would life look like? Can advancing ever end?
19:45 A reference to the g-2 experiment I see I guess you are a man of culture...
My new favorite word:          “Bahoov”
bruh moment lol
The hero is back!!
Comrade Vsauce telling us to band together as a community
So is culture just a larger less defined 'mind'?
Head
its all went to shit when he vanished. But now he's back.
Wow sauce what a great video.  Techno salvation on the way.
Dungeons and Dragons is a great way to gather small groups and dliberate reasons, even if its all about a fictional story. Its at least people working together by trying to prove they each are right.
that title is the heaviest thing i've read, yet idk where my mind is
What was the reason of this video?
I'm going to need a cup of tea for this...
Me in debate club: “Where is your mind?”
The wisdom of the crowd and reasoning in a group don't seem to be similar processes to me.
i love how the font and editing has stayed the same over all the years
Michael's videos should be shown in colleges, so they learn some critical thinking, instead of living in their echo chambers of indoctrination.
I'm sticking to monarchy thanks Michael
This is a very different kind of video from Michael. While he’s always good at presenting and discussing more existential ideas, this felt more “personal” for lack of a better word. I kinda like it.
Michael is the Carl Sagan of our time.
Oh my, goodness, new vid 😍
He popped up from the bottom quicker than EVER before! He must've been practicing.
Christmas is right around the corner!
Was anyone lo-key kinda scared a little when Micheal appeared out of no-where in the beginning lol
If Michael runned for president I would seriously vote for him
I don't why, but many if these videos make me a little more depressed for some reason.
reason
vsause made my day better.
bro half way through I was thinking about  something similar to a lottocracy,  and then he says it at the end... this is nuts I feel stupid and smart at the same time
he dont age.
You don’t have to ask, we all did the Marriage problem too.
"When you realize someone is upset, you don't consciously acknowledge facial cues and come to that conclusion"  *laughs in ASD*
I appreciate the subtitles but they are quite off from the spoken script
For the first time im not 7 y old late
This is the only way I feel productive while procrastinating. Thank you Michael
Vote for Stevens 2024.
Yes another vsause vid enjoy it while u can
Fret not dear Michael, the earth will cleanse itself as it has done for billions of years. Also, we are Borg, resistance is futile.
Thanks
No way was this video 30 minutes long!
Oh my god, it's a Vsauce video! I've been bing-watching all your old videos recently!!
Wait....first Time seeing a vsauce video in my notifications.....and it isn't 10 years old?!
Omg a new video !!!!!!!
Might be one of the best vsauce vids yet
I've never been more excited for a video
VEEEESAAAAAUUCE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Wow!!! The video was literally amazing. It got me thinking so much and made me wonder what i and we believe in and why.
can someone make the awesome-ometer a real thing
Ah yes, the yearly existential crisis
Vsauce is one of my heroes He's changed the way I think
A blessing from the lord!
Hey. Watching Vsauce. Mike here.
Thank you for uploading a video on my birthday ❤️
I feel like I woke up locked in this dude's basement and he's now enthusiastically lecturing me on existential issues.
Eek
Michel, an intellectual: "Where is your mind?" Me, an hopeless savage: "Bruh Artic Monkeys go songsong"
38 minutes ago? Uh, guys, my birthday was a month ago. But thanks all the same.
9:57 Michael says “logic and reason “ but closed captioning says “reason and logic”
How naive you have to be to believe that "the crowd" is a rational organism.
I don't understand the concept of global warming means stronger weather events. Weather is generated by temperature gradients, isn't it? If the atmosphere is uniformly warmer, how does this increase the gradient?
So the reason anti vax exists is because we haven’t had vaccines before and they don’t want to change what got them to this point.
yeah the thing about more functions is true, only a moment before he said it i decided to buy an alexa over a google dot because it works with more devices and apps. i barely have anything for it to connect to.
Really great video. Some incredible insight into society here.
Finally, my existential crisis is here
Reason is my God
ممكن تترجمه بالعربي من فضلك🙏😇💜💜 جمييييل استمر  keep going 😍😊
If we sometimes say (my) mind (my) soul (my) body (my) heart, then what are we...
What you are describing at the end is communism lol
my mind crashed after smoking crack and shit
Memers: mmm content Intellectuals: existential crisis Chads: admiring Michael Me: typing this and wondering where he went al this time
I saw video clips of Hong Kong. Feels warm now.
Sadly.. my favorite YouTuber who rarely comes out anymore just so happened to do so for Gates money and massaging
Awesome
wait..... a vsauce video that isn't 8 years old?
I want to apply the awesome-meter to this video!!!!
4k comments in 3min  Damn
Anyone going to tell me what the V in Sauce means?
yet another beautiful existential crisis, i love the hope and wonder that each video sparks, I'm glad to have these as apart of my collective mind :)
I love this man
okay, lets help Michael and the pixies finding their mind
I stopped bashing Cardi B for this.
V SAYCE BACK AT IT !!!!!!
Read the Quran.. it has all your answers 100%
5 min in and I’m having a chrisis
This is a really great video, Michael! I really liked when you came to the conclusion that an anarchist government would be best!
I don't get the Mary puzzle
Very good.
your videos always leaves me thinking
I started rewatching Vsauce vids yesterday and the world gifts me with a brand new extra long Vsauce vid 🙌
This feels like the calm, friendly, yet stern lecture I needed to hear
I think at this point it's safe to consider social structure as a possible answer for every evolved feature of humans.
Science me up, Michael Man!!
9:49 Michael says “I am being rational “ but closed captioning says “I’M being rational “
When you realize the video is 30 minutes long...
My logic for answering yes to the "is a married person looking at an unmarried person" was that if Marry can see Peter, Paul should also be able to see Peter because Paul can see Marry
Too theoretically political, subscribed
I have a feeling that a lot of people would not just accept a decision come to by a small group of randomly selected people though... lottocracy would lead to rioting, policy making isn’t exactly easy for the layman either
"the future of reason may, in fact, be the past of reason." - Michael Stevens, 2021
"Where's your mind?" No clue. I lost it long ago.
takes so long to make these eh?
I have just finished watching and I am truly in awe. What an amazing, well structured and fantastic video, l have no words...
I haven't started but I hope it doesn't fuck me up like the last video 😂😂
1:56 ok whERE THE FRICK IS THE THEME??!
Vsause is back!!! So awesome And great Unbelievable  So cool E
When is IMG and DONG coming back?
yee
ok fancy editors
I believe we won't be ancients to nobody xD
مشتهي شي مرة شوف ترجمة بالعربي
45 seconds in, and I'm willing to accept that I am a computer made of a blob of tofu.
No. We are a cancer to this solar system and we deserve to extinct.
5 minutes into video *reveals partnership with Bill Gates* If you wanted to make click bait propaganda I thought you would at least be a little more upfront about it
New Vsauce just dropped
let's gooo the legend has uploaded
Vsauce returns to deliver some of the best content the internet has to offer.
Awesome-Ometor is the best curiosity box opportunity ever
One of the most important videos on youtube
The fact that he is working with bill gates tells me all I need to know where he stands, deleted channel
Vsauce delivering more frequent lectures than my actual lecturers.
I'm outta my mind.
Here to read the comments before watching the video!
Honestly, this is what society as a whole needs to hear.
Will we have to reason, or will there be robots
30 mins if vsauce. This is better than christmas 😍
THIS IS SO EXCITING!!!! A LONG VIDEO FINALLY AFTER ALL THIS TIME!!!
Did Michael just advocate for sortition? This so great! Honestly more people need to know about this system of government
Lottocracy sounds nice, but I have a strong feeling that such a system would be rigged or manipulated in some way by making sure certain people are never elected. But I guess it would depend on who or what runs this lottery and if it can be manipulated.
Bill Gates the Eugenecist, thats a big yikes from me dog.
What???? Vsauce is here?????
Very interesting
This guy teaches me more stuff in 20 minutes than most of my teachers do in a year.
The beard is directly correlated to his insanity
5:48 There it is! The classic song.
Hey that pretty good
Hi Vsauce!
i swear every time michael says or is it i question realty
I miss the old 'Or is it?' music
This was the shortest hiatus you've been on so far. 3 months since your last upload
New Vsauce video! 😀      It’s scripted by Bill Gates! ☹️
This video is so old school like but yet so new.. my min- sorry, our mind.. is blown away
mass line baybee
#bitcoin
Hello, V-Sauce! Where can I find the TEXT of your voice in THIS video?! 🤔
Fascinating content but wow, that music is loud, intrusive and reminiscent of a bad 70s porno flick.
Are you in my head
He’s back!
if my dad see this when i was 8 i would have not been beaten for curiosity off always asking why
I truly don't know how to feel about some part. I feel like i'm being sold the "great reset" dystopian future.
This is what I needed. A C word video without the C word
Beautifully written
The reason a lottocracy wouldn't work is because in many cases the selected people would lack the knowledge to make an informed decision. Anyone can judge a person, not everyone can understand the consequences of changing taxes or instating a new law.
It’s been too long
It's not CO2, it's not you, it's the Sun
i farted
Thank you Michael, i was reasoning person, now i'm double reasoning person.
i don't even watch this video yet, but already press the like button, it's meaning that this video is hilarious?    or is it?
Wow.
Yay Vsauce back
Where did you get that thumbnail from? It looks so dope.
One thing that I got from this video is that in order to come to a "social" consensus on what is right or wrong, you need everybody's input to count equally. Like with the skittle experiment. So, I think that big tech needs to take this to heart and stop censoring those they feel crazy or wrong, because you need those "outliers" to get closer to what society as a whole actually wants. IMO
what is the reasoning behind michael having the same desk chair as me?
SELLOUT
A "techno-sapien" ya im stealing that one.
Wooow
Thanks Vsauce, I’ll need this video link for people who ever question me:)
"Why is it only us?" There were other humanoids that were super smart in the past. We killed them. It stands to...reason...heh...that we would (or perhaps have) killed any other animals that are displaying higher level cognition. Certainly having no trouble killing modern apes and similar.
Hey Vsauce, Caleb here. Since you've been collaborating with Bill Gates I'm wondering if you know how hard he's been fighting to get patents for the covid vaccines that have been seriously hampering production in other poorer countries and is lining his pocket with the money made from privatizing these vaccines fully paid for by the American people . He's literally holding these countries hostage for profit, he's gone from the software patent billionaire to life saving medicine mogul.
So does Michael only give us a video when he needs to make mortgage?
Imagine the collective reasoning of all of us, the Vsauce viewers... What greatness could we achieve?
Gay
This makes me think
why micheal have me question my entire being in every video lmao
I couldn't agree more with this video; I was always this annoying friend telling people that we are coming from a conclusion, rather than coming to a conclusion. I feel than being wrong is frowned upon lately and that friends are meant to be those that agree with you all the time. I never had a social network, beside maybe YouTube, so It might be related to why I feel so out of place with this kind of thoughts.   On the other hand, I, like many other, can barely make it to the end of the month and know for a fact I can't change the world. As I said, whenever I tried to bring up this topic the few friends I had brush it off as annoying. My comment will probably hardly be seen and ignored (and this is not a pitiful way of asking for like, it's a fact) and this is still probably the place I could contribute my opinion on the subject the most. I believe this due to real logic being applied, so I will let my peers judge if it is true
Humans are an evolutionary mistake. Animals with traits that don't belong in them...we are the closest thing to a disease upon the natural world. Thankfully we will be long gone before we destroy any significant portion of our universe.
episode starts at 5:45
Michael is one of the few content creators out there that can make 30 minutes feel like 5.
I’m 15 and I’ve been watching vsuace for a bit. I’m liking this knowledge I get fed. Unlike last video... that one was crazy
I hope you don't find Socrates or Descartes in the hereafter because they will give you a fucking madriza (bashing). No offence.
Sad to see you partnered with Bill Gates
hi
yay
Philosophers in the future will be like: "Vsauce once said..."
This is why I subscribe to Vsauce because he is just a cool guy in interesting guy to watch on youtube
For the planet to survive, capitalism must be ended and billionaires' wealth seized for the benefit of society. Also just FYI Bill Gates is blocking the global south ('poorer' countries) from access to the publicly funded Covid19 vaccine. No one gave him that power, least of all wider society—he took it. Because he thinks he knows better, like all billionaires. He's a sociopath and no one should listen to or take him seriously.
Lottocracy sounds like a piece of a utopia that I very much wish to be apart of
OMG! I saw a Vsauce video and tought "it must be another 17 seconds one", but BOOM!, 30 minutes of joy my friend! Hoorray! :D
“As meaning makers, we constantly seek answers to questions personal and universal, simple and complex. Because uncertainty makes us anxious, we often accept incomplete and even bad answers rather than embrace our ignorance. When we focus on a problem in greater depth, we begin to discover the unconscious and invisible biases hidden within our commonsense observations. This is how the earth shifted from flat to round and how the mind shifted from the heart to the brain...  The consistency of cognitive and emotional biases across individuals and cultures reflects our shared neural evolution. Some of these biases are the result of natural limits to our perspective and judgment, while others may have evolved to help us cope with living in an uncertain and dangerous world. Although many of our perceptual biases appeared to serve us, they can also lead to the kinds of problems that often become the focus of psychotherapy.”  — Louis Cozolino, The Neuroscience of Psychotherapy: Healing the Social Brain (Third Edition), published May 16, 2017, chapter 9
It does seem like a flaw even within the social model to have people get so invested in their views. Like yeah say they don't think about the other person's plan when thinking of reasons why their hunting strategy is best, but surely the deliberation will be hurt if any side is too attached to their own approach. Not to mention people's tendency to follow and not hold their leaders accountable. As Terry Pratchett said "if there's a desgin flaw in humanity, it's a tendency to bend at the knees". Of course those who would have nuerologies that would favor them challenging the powerful could have been less than naturally selected againist when hierarchical societies began
OMG im early to a vsause video!!!
Dammit, this man won't stop blowing my mind and LOVE IT!
YOOOOO NEW VSAUCE EPISODE
pog
As always, ABSOLUTELY AMAZING!!!
This is an episode to watch and rewatch many times in the future
Love the way you explain🤗🤗
Wait…….                                                                                  Vsause is back!?!!?!!!?!??!!                      🤠 yey
This oddly the most motivational thing I've seen today
Reason is out of fashion.  Feelings seem to be  all  the rage.
Haha, I reason that this video confirms my beliefs in anarchism! Truly a return to local, collective decision making, as in nature, is the best way to deliberate and solve our collective problems!
I'll sleep and procastinate for you so you don't have to.
That thumbnail is hard
hey michael
First my fingers, now my mind. This is too much to ask for!
I disagree, bye.
Hey babe wake up new vsauce video came out
Why dose this all remind me of twitter
Return of the King
Vsauce for president!
only Michael could get 120k views in 30 minutes
More proof that we need communism
Man, that was an incredibly insightful video. Always fun trying to figure out what concept/idea the tangents of the video eventually link up at.   At first the lottocracy idea sounded so foreign but when you gave the example of a jury I realize what you were going to suggest and I quite liked it.
new vsauce aka bald wisdom man
thanks michael, you rock
i think that after watching this video, I hate democracy slightly less
Michael could quote a video he uploaded 6 years ago and I'd still remember it way clearly than the math class I had yesterday
Confirmation bias.. Yes that’s the story of my life!
Someone should make measuring tape tentacles that shoot out of their eyes now
That is a very interesting thought, that our minds couldbe reborn in another time, to bring every single person back to life.
I'm early
Vsauce time
Hi Michael, Jayden here.
HE BACK
Someone seriously needs to start developing an awesome-ometer right now!
Holy crap he found the password to this account!
Yes. Yes yes yes yes. Yes to all. I agree.
I hate it when Michael just ups and reads my thoughts and says sike to them.
NEW VSAUCE UPLOAD POG
But the question is, can robots do this, cuz if they can we're screwed
"Extending the mind is really cool, but whether or not a species can extend their empathy might be a great filter"🤯
Holy shit bruh 🤯
i can see that "no. i am not an elephant,," going to vsauce out of context videos
Vsauce is the dad that I never had.
Hey, Vsauce! Blast from the past here.
A masterpiece to digest. Reasoning is one of the features that differentiates humanity. How could it not be just as irrational?
The king has returned🙏🏼
Never smashed a like button harder in my life than I did just a few seconds ago. Amazing video. 👍
See you guys in 365 days!
So mob rule is the answer
imagine a Vsauce podcast where he just rants for hours 🤔
this is not original but it’s true for me, I learn more from Michael than I do from all the classes I have in online school.
Michael is sane again, yaaay!!!
When we need him the most, he returns.
I believe in a lottacracy supremacy
Are you still here ?
new Vsauce video just dropped, bout to get me and the boys
Babe wake up, new VSauce video just dropped
VSauce never gets boring
Very insightful video, gives a lot to think about on how we interact with the world around us.
Finally, inner peace
the return of the king
michael: were is your brain?   me: well it's in my hand right now better put it back in!
yes, new video finally!
I was literally just watching you. Great timing.
*Where is your M I N D ?*
I was here
Woooooooooooooooo yeahhhhhh baby this is what I’ve been waiting for this is what it’s all about
:D I chose "Yes"
Every conspiracy theory is quaking
i was literarily about to close my phone and sleep but the moment i saw this its the most natural thing to just watch it right away
This feels like a philosophy tube crossover. Would love an official one someday!
3,842th
Hey, Michael! Vsauce here.
vsause! its a good day!
After much reasoning, I've come to the conclusion that I must press the like button.
Would like to send you a Hardcopy of “The 1st Key “, Mailing address? Intuition and only 5 pages... Curious as to what you may get out of reading IT?...7
0:04 *pixies starts playing*
This was probably the fastest 30 minutes of my life. These videos are just soo entertaining and thought provoking.
He's back
So happy to see a new video out from the Youtube God himself. Heavy topic but expertly done. I was completely gripped right from the start.
I've been thinking for a while that internet memes are like a world sized brain getting a word stuck in a loop.
I have waited for so long to hear that “Hey VSauce, Michael here!” Again
poggers
What has gotten into you Vsauce?  This is BS.  You've lost a subscriber, and I will re-evaluate all of your other videos now.  You, Sir, have been brainwashed.
37259th
*Insert Return of the King joke here*
hey vsauce! Michael here!  implies that WE are vsauce...
When the world needed him most, Michael descended.
I’m proud to say “that was what I was thinking!” To most of these videos. Makes me feel more like a smart boy.
like in the dark and then I can watch :)
14:18 Sheldon Cooper has entered the chat
me: I was impatient and I accessed Vsauce's dms through an app at uniid.lol that made me cry, even in my breakup I didnt feel so "bad"
Hurray! More brain time! Edit: MIND time I'm so excited 😭🤣
How can people stay on the path of NOFAP when theres a  Vsauce upload?
I once heard or read that if you lived very far away like light years and looked at us with a telescope, you'd still see dinosaur 🦖🦕 because of how time works over immense distances
My day just got better thanks Micheal for uploading
Wow
Michael would be great at performing leader animations for Civ VI. Very dynamic and expressive
The length of the video is 30:02.  This means something.  He's trying to communicate with us.
Love ya Michael.  I look forward to your leading people to Jesus, as you are definitely pro the open minded types.  :)
You know when you're high and you get a glimpse of the most honest reality and you want to tell your friends about it, but you just dont how to put it into words? This is it. This is what struck you.
So that was epic
LETS GOOOO
Good day proud viewers of Vsauce, see you in 6 months.
See you again in 7.319 months
I am not an elephant, he says.
So care and argue with on another
Im ready to get mind fucked
Imagine him uploading once a month
Did Michael just invent a great sci fi story at the end there or is that borrowed from something?
i have been waiting for vsauce
Oh i am disappointed, this video is about the brain and reasoning. I thought it was about seasoning, shame.
time for hiveminds bois
I love you Michael 💕
I was waiting for the "Or is it?" Lol
:(
Imma apply to Harvard now
A lottocracy could actually be really interesting, but think of this: you would need a lot of people in the group for each decision (probably like 50) and you would need to do something like how jury duty works. And let’s be honest, nobody actually enjoys jury duty.
This is exactly what I was thinking about Michael you are a genius and you aren't biased
Didn't think you'd stoop to global warming propaganda.
Michael needs a podcast
My day is now amazing thanks to Vsauce.
Looks like we are having an bi annual seminar
This video just made me want to run for office 😳
Add a public comment...
Actually the answer to global climate change is = 3.5
My science class of the day since I didn’t have science
wait what happend to his beard
Vsauce parents: He is gonna say his first word look!!  Vsauce: *H-H-H-H-Hey Vsauce Michael here*
I really think it's impossible to hate this guy he is too much of a legend
Added to favorites
A day where Vsauce uploads is always a good day.
I’m free
Jeez he put a lot of work into this video
That was a great vsauce video, ive never thought about us in the way that, we cooperate on a scale so large that cities are basically giant ant colonies.
Here's the big problem with what Michael has said here. Or at least the conclusion. If you have one set of views, the mainstream media supports it so you're safe to have that view. While if you have the other view, you are likely to become targeted by mobs, lose your job, and have the safety of your family threatened. Try and see if you can guess what groups I'm talking about.  You will never get group 2 to participate in discussions when they essentially have a proverbial gun to their head when they present their views. And especially not when group 1 has done everything in their power to silence all of the voices of group 2 from the central discourse.  The suppression of opinions in Western society is incredibly one-sided. And if Michael is right that human reasoning was designed to be used in conjunction with opposing views, then there is one group that has absolutely failed to put that skill into practice.
I instantly thought this is the good old Micheal I’m familiar with.
Loved the video! Really makes me think and wrinkles my brain with something new each time you make a new video
Vsauce's videos get better every time. This video was just amazing to watch and learn from.
This was heavy, man. But thank you for the hope
cannot believe michael is trying to get me to insert the bill gates microchip
You lost my interest when you partnered with Gates...
Liking the backround this video
Claim your before a million ticket here
I have a theory; it's part spiritual, part theoretical physics. The theory states that when a system of neural networks, (be they coded onto silicon, machined into sets of gears, or flowing through neurons in a biliogical brain, or something else entirely), becomes indistinguishably equal in complexity or function from an existing mind, (of a snail, squirrel, dog, horse, human, or otherwise), that it generates a consciousness, one with a soul. If on a silicon or mechanical system, that soul blips out of existence when the machine is powered down, and revived if brought back online. This theory states that your soul(or consciousness) is a metaphysical product _of_ your brain, as opposed to flowing through it into your body from the spirit world, or stored within your brain. However, this means that if a complex neural network could exist in the spirit world, it could back up another system. You could theoretically have a superhuman a.i. in metaphysical space, and let it possess you to type out its code onto a computer, or, it could poultergeist itself together in the physical world, if it were strong enough.
I definitely needed this ❤
the future of reasoning will be when people win their parents with logic arguments
Here comes knowledge! Everyone buckle up it’s gonna be a confusing ride!
See you all again next year.
Love your videos... but not diggin' the color scheme. Your skin matches the brick wall too closely, and the lighting is nice if you're there, but not great for a video. Maybe I'm alone in this lol... but I don't like how dim/dark the video is.
babe wake up new Vsauce video
These are usually 4 years old but I’ll take it!
ITS TIME FOR THE YEARLY 1 SESSION VSAUCE COURSE
when you take a break from LSAT prep by watching a Vsauce video and he talks about inferences and logic puzzles
Return of the king
Chad
In conclusion, Micheal is not an elephant
Thes only come out once a month but when one comes out, I get the happies
When the world needed him most, he returned
hi
HE IS BACK BABY !
Vsauce is the living master Oogway
Vsauce is back and better than uhhhhhh
E may be done noob
Antidisestablishmentarianism, taking me back to my APUSH days.
no you're wrong..
Yess his beard is shorter now ! But still kinda sad that he didn't do a full vsauce video or a dong video beardless .
ok cool so what do we do
Once again, one of YouTube's greatest minds tells the world what it must hear.
29:00 Basically why Thor asked SG1 for solutions against the replicators in Stargate :)
Man, yall were having a blast with these zooms and refocusing.
oh yeah climate change  5:47  or is  it?
these episodes of v-sause are quadrennially uploaded and i love it
Isn’t it pronounced Era-TOS-thenes?   Not that I have any expertise, that’s just usually how I hear it said
I think so 2
I was having a bad day but now it’s a great day
Nah, some people are just wrong.
me: I was impatient and I accessed Vsauce's dms through an app at uniid.lol that made me cry, even in my breakup I didnt feel so "bad"
this is a masterpiece. this should be taught in schools.
HE HAS RETURNED
The return of the king.
I think this is a great argument for direct democracy, I would love to implement the national deliberation day also.
You are going to be known as this generation's stoic philosopher. Thank you
Vsause: Saying that Human Reasoning is Bad AI: Interesting 👀
Ah, fresh sauce!
Vsauce: “I partnered with Bill Gates for this” Bill Gates: “Okay he mentioned climate change nice. Wait. What. Don’t tell people to think for themselves. This isn’t the script! I’ve made a mistake!”
cmon man. its too much accurate.....
loading up YouTube hoping there might be a new video (like everyday) and there was!
What the heck is that shot at 1:31 its amazing I need to know more
yes i love it
Ooo great vid
yoo finished watching and was very haooy bru
You should tell Gill Bates he can take his dystopian nightmare scheming and fake meat and shove it.
So good
Let’s see if I can be one of those archived comments that future Vsauce fans will see when watching classic videos
Hey, VSauce. It's.... Michael... Here?!
this feels like a response to the covid debate amongst other things.
Hey Michael!
I like the idea of being an ancient one
Thank you
Michael: "Where is your mind?" My mind: 🏖️🏝️
Art
the future of reasoning: looks dire
I'm so early let's just pretend that I have a creative comment 😁
first I was bullied for liking vsauce now im not
Superb
Looks like i wasnt late.
30 minutes ago Michael posted this
"Political power comes out of a gun" - Mao So does reason.
I needed more science
The hive mind has come forth once again from under the mud. Yay! This is my favorite part (:
That logic puzzle fooled me real easily, wow.
So societies problems can be boiled down to the fact that our brains are lazy and don't like hard work.....sounds about right
Guess who's back, back again
it's crazy to see that his unique style haven't changed at all since at least 2012
"it's all preparation for a debate that never comes"  Damn I missed you michael !
WAKE UP HONEY NEW VSAUCE VIDEO JUST DROPPED
Babe, wake up. New Vsauce video
My favorite part of YouTube making people money again is that Vsauce is back!
Vsauce uploading your self actualization like it's nothing
Worth full watching
Enjoy this cuz we only get one more this year
YES
Vsauce upload? Lets goooo
So basically, if you are reasoning, do it with others. It works better, and you’re less prone to the effects of logical fallacies. Also, try to find others with different viewpoints, otherwise you just get a feedback loop and that doesn’t solve anything.
You know it's gonna be a good day when Vsauce posts a new video     AND IT'S 30 MINUTES LONG!!!!!! YAY
:)
theres lottocracy in italy and it doesn't work     (its a jk)
The best day of this year so far
Nice yes
Industrial society and its consequences
Quick! Nobody makes any sudden moves, you'll scare him away!
11:17  Dwight Schrute
@ 5:28 This video was completely lost for hope.
I love the long videos
This whole video reminds me of the napkin speech buy Funny Valentine from Jjba
Where is my mind? My mind is getting lost in Vsauce’s thoughts
Hey! he’s back again!
Michael, you might not be an elephant but you are surely awesome! And I don't need an awesomemeter to know that!
This was such a great video holy shit. Worth the wait for sure.
I've never clicked faster in my life!!
The return of the king
How many saw the first "or is it?" coming a million miles away?...nice.
Vsauce:"I didn't actually die."
I’m scared don’t bend my mind around too much Michael
Michaels is SICK of your circlejerk subreddits
one of my favorite videos from you. it kinda made me go insane just do make me sane again
good video
I am now a believer in Lottocracy, but I just realized I came to this conclusion by Michael convincing me with reasons while teaching me about reasons
LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
That thumbnail is post-nut clarity in one picture
Lottocracy  FTW!
Another amazing video Mr.Sauce
It's always: "Michael here" Never: "Michael how" It gets to you sometimes.😭
Those molecules be grooving
I was just letting vsauce autoplay and a brand new video from 10 minutes ago popped up?! This is glorious
Mike
The fucking legend returns.
vsauce? vsauce! veeeesauce!
Modern day Socrates
I guess that's why the greeks were such philosophers; their "education system" essentially consisted on deliberation amongst the youth and the elderly, iirc.
It's like when you get really far in a Cities: Skylines game and you're just tired of building more landfills so you quit lol
Where is your mind? Traped, inside youtube algorithm
When the V is Sauce! 😳
Leaving this message for myself for the future, hi me!
I want to comment but my head's too empty to come up with something, hows everyone's day been?
man I love this shit, thanks Michael
wow I will always tune into to these videos until they stop coming
"Wisdom of The Crowd" Someone's never been on Reddit
Vsauce plus Jontron uplaud on the same day
See you in 8 years...
plot twist: Mary isn't a person
sheesh
Woah whered that book come from haha
9:51 Ben Shapiro
Vsauce has turned into him disappearing for months, saying "HEY, DID YOU GUYS KNOW-" and then going back into hibernation.
Vsauce the best!
fun fact: everybody that commented hasnt watched the full video
I always wonder what would happen if a 15th or 18th century philosopher saw these or maybe one from ancient Rome even
cool
1:45 if you were only to have this clip, then it would sound like communism
I love it when I open YouTube and a new Vsauce video is only 4 minutes old
You know shits about to get juicy when he says      Or is it?
"When you realize someone is upset, you don't consciously acknowledge facial cues and come to that conclusion"  *laughs in INTP* Yes, that is exactly what I do.
Return of the King
Whoa
yeah I think he's speaking to all the twitter users with this one
The sauce is back!
Wait, vsauce still makes videos?
Took me a while to notice the beard is back. Hell yeah
Omg I’m so glad Dale thinkfact
Come on Vsauce uploaded a 30 minute video and I have online class, now I'm going to miss my online class
A GREAT FILTER that is exactly what i try to explain when people say is there life in space, i always think that before we evolve and get the tech to travel through galaxies we will kill ourselves through climate change, war or something else. Maybe that's why we haven't been visited or been to visit because life can't survive long enough
god i missed being confused
Michael
HES BACK!!!
welcome to your yearly upload of vsauce
Only someone with something to hide would edit their comment.
HOLY SHIT HE UPLOADED
Sesquicentennial
Where... are your fingers?
“Micheal destroys reason with facts and logic”
Oh my goodness am I dreaming
Hes back baby!!
Ah, it’s always a nice feeling to see vsauce publish a new video
"Reason will prevail!"
Vsauce is back!!
Is he getting his hair back?
OH MY GOD FINALLY
This man helped me pass high school because I FELT smarter
Yesssss gimme vsauce
The thumbnail looks like hawkmoths big akuma window
Michael you are an honourary awsome elephant
Just found out I got bamboozled buying an awesome-ometer off of ebay
"Awesome-ometer" nice,
24:40 😉  You could be a pioneer of the coming age. It's showtime, Michael.
AYYYYYYYYY
I sat comfortably until about 0:03
I am 25 minutes late.
I just went on a lil v sauce binge last night and now he uploads?! O.o
One thing about Vsauce is how you literally have no idea or context about what you're about to watch but you know you'll enjoy it
Nice...............
Micheal I love you but please TIE THAT SHIRT
Disappointed with the sponsorship, but get that check I guess :/
Yea
Dang this video can go to 2160 P usually the highest is 1080 P
The wisdom of the crowd works best when each individual reaches their conclusion secretly and the answer is compiled from everyone's submissions afterwards. Deliberating together will tend to bring everyone around to a single conclusion, but through a much different mechanism.
"Hey Vsauce, Michael here."  Music to my ears
2:59 me and the boys dancing to the kahoot music
What have Ive done to deserve this. A Vsauce video!!! Missed you Michael.
The Return of the King
maaaan, like, in those years almost never asked question were answered
wait a new vid helllll yeah
your videos are refreshing and confusing at the same time
Production quality is through the roof
I thought this was an old video and thought it would be interesting if this was made today and it was lol.
I seriously love you Michael.
The fact is that no one finished watching the whole video yet.
Ooh a new video!
Alternate dimension: Hey Michael, Vsauce here.
Like I always thought, reasoning is a learned skill. Not a natural one.
Michael never disappoints with his cuteness.
Bro wake up vsauce posted
1:56
We Are Indiana.
Wrong, the damage caused by weather has declined over time as well, as we build more resistant houses to those weathers they are expected to have to survive.  Weather effects us less and less as our technology has improved, because we understand better and better what sort of shelters we have to build so they can survive the weather they are subjected to, and we are doing this way faster then weather has worsened.  So we are at 3:41 in, and something you build the rest on your case on is not only wrong, the evidence goes in the other direction. Please do better, this is pathetic.
I want this man to be my therapist
JonTron uploaded yesterday.  Just a coincidence. Or is it?
come on michael I already didn't know where my fingers were and now I have no idea where my mind is :(
The reason we don't agree on everything is because there are still some ideas and subjects that don't have concrete proof or evidence of a solution. Yes, our perception is different because of how we've grown up and the values we've inherited, combined with the limited information we're able to uncover, but the consequences of making all information absolute, and unchanging because of a universal undisputable reasoning is a beginning to the best part of one of my favorite books, "1984." With the age of the internet, if people as a whole have no say in the way information is portrayed and have no say as to what is absolute, and someone of a "higher authority" is able to make the rules and definitions of what is absolute, information can be changed and it will be forced to be accepted as fact.   A good example, there are still arguments to be made of whether or not meat and livestock are contributing to greenhouse gasses, as well as their contribution to the dietary needs of the United States, and the world. We will always be uncovering information which will sway the argument in one direction or the other. Forced regulation on information will bring us closer to the end of freedom of ideas and eventually the censorship of everyone who's not along the lines of those with the power to decide new reasoning.  This becomes doublethink.  This becomes the new dictionary.   This will become 1984.
Y’all notice how as Michael’s beard got longer he started getting crazier and crazier? And now that he shaved it he’s back to normal?
okay okay, so I honestly have a frustration with people being irrational. People will 'disagree' with me, just because they think that the premise of my argument is wrong. It's so frustrating, because I will tell people to listen to my logic and take anything I say is true as truth within the logical statement, in order for them to do two things. First, I want them to tell me if my logic is flawed. Second, I want to know what facts they consider untrue, and why, so that we can come to an understanding of a situation, before sorting out logic. That's how I like to solve disputes!! Nobody likes to listen to that though, because they don't want to listen to logic based on a premise that they don't believe in, even if it might be necessary for gaining insight or information that could change their opinion, or if it will actually help settle the dispute.
I am so glad he uploads more consistently now
Hey vsauce michael here! Where is your reasoning?
nobody: michael: /give
I wanna know Michael, did you go to ABC Burgers™️?
30 minutes of micheal having an existential crisis. Love it
David may have outsmarted Goliath, but now David has an ego.
Man, for some reason his classic music he uses gives me huge liminal vibes. Which would make a great vscause episode: liminal spaces.
I just started binging all his videos yesterday and now this
It makes me feel bad how he consistently makes me look stupid no matter how many times I watch his videos
Next on Vsauce: The Last Philosophical Investigation Possible in All Reality
First
its actually insane how you somehow hit the spot on something ive recently been thinking about. we usually don’t use reason and logic to come to conclusions and develop opinions. we more often have an intuitive or emotional response, then we reason for why our conclusion/opinion makes sense. its something we should be more aware of. we should try to reason before concluding rather than concluding before we start reasoning
we got ourselves in quite a hyper-pickle
Yesss!!!! The serotonin i got from the music at 5:48 is what i needed.
The irony of partnering with a billionaire while talking about a lack of empathy being a barrier to human progress.
Smart man titles vid the future of reasoning...  YT Citizen reads it and immediately thinks... He's gonna lay down the Idiocracy Theory. ✌🏻
Can't believe I'm in the first 90k who watched this video
Me when he uploads: LETS FUCKING GOOOOOOOOOOOO
I never clicked so fast once that notification hit
Sad to see you pushing this hardcore globalist communist propaganda à la Great Reset, in partnership with Bill “Depopulate” Gates.
14:32 No, Michael, that is *exactly* how autistic people work. We recognize patterns because we're bad at interpreting the actual cues. So we form heuristics, deliberately.
I feel like I’m disrespecting this free educational content by watching this while on the shitter
early gang
the moment we have all been waiting for 5:47
I heard legend of a sauce named V.  So wordy and balanced was he,
Oh shit ima get some ice cream and watch this
By the time of this comment taking place, nobody at normal speed has fully watched this entire video.
I disagree
Best thirty minutes of my life since COVID started!
i legit thought at the beginning he was gonna say "where is your fingers". that would be so cool if he actually referenced a popular meme.
Hey guys!
My god Vsauce is such an amazing channel
*10 THINGS YOU MIGHT NOT KNOW ABOUT THE CLIMATE*  *①* Throughout most of its history Earth had no polar ice caps and the average global temperature was between 8°C and 15°C warmer than present time.  *②* We are in the middle of a 2.58-million-year-old glaciation – the Quaternary Glaciation.  *③* The current global warming started about 12,000 years ago. That's how the last ice age ended and the current interglacial period, the Holocene, began. This warm and cozy climate won't last forever – interglacial periods last between 20,000 and 60,000 years.  *④* Between 12,000 and 7,000 years ago the sea level rose by 197 ft (60 m). Look up the Early Holocene Sea Level Rise!  *⑤* The climate is always changing. There is no such thing as a stable climate. If you want to learn more about the _stability_ of the climate, you might want to look up: The 8.2 Kiloyear Event; The Little Ice Age; The Year Without a Summer (1816).  *⑥* Compared to solar activity, the Milankovitch Cycles or volcanic activity, human activity has an insignificant effect in the long term evolution of the climate. We cannot start, end, or prevent ice ages or global warmings. We're not that significant.  *⑦* Chaos Theory explains how the behavior of some systems is unpredictable (chaotic). Even simple systems can exhibit chaotic behavior, like the double pendulum (look it up!). No one can predict the climate, because the climate is a stupidly complex chaotic system.  *⑧* During the Hirnantian glaciation there was 10 times more atmospheric CO₂.  *⑨* 95% of all greenhouse gases on earth is water vapor.  *⑩* CO₂ does not fit in any way shape or form the definition of a pollutant. Almost all the oxygen in the atmosphere is a byproduct of photosynthesis – a process by which plants use light energy to produce glucose from CO₂ and water. CO₂ is used in the food industry, for example, in the production of carbonated beverages like: beer, soda, sparkling water etc. CO₂ is also used in hospitals, for example, in laparoscopic surgery.   There are many scientists who disagree with various aspects of the man-made climate change hypothesis. One of them is Ivar Giaever, Nobel laureate in physics, who said that "Global Warming is pseudoscience". Freeman Dyson said that "Climate Change predictions are absurd". Keep in mind that science doesn't work by consensus. Science isn't a democracy. As Carl Sagan put it:  _Science is more than a body of knowledge. It is a way of thinking; a way of skeptically interrogating the universe with a fine understanding of human fallibility. If we are not able to ask skeptical questions, to interrogate those who tell us that something is true, to be skeptical of those in authority, then, we are up for grabs for the next charlatan (political or religious) who comes rambling along._  In general, when you're convinced of _your truth,_ make an effort to get out of the echo chamber and listen to the opposite point of view. You might learn something.
Жду перевода от Дагона или войспауер, а то я тупой и не знаю английский))))
vsauce again!!!!!!
I don't know how seriously I can take a video about reasoning that involves Bill Gates, continuer of global pandemics by way of copy writing life saving vaccines.
yoo new vsauce video!!
Hi Michelle, Eric here. Wondering if you can say "Stay saucy" at the end of a video....
yeah
Its been so long... old friend
hi future trending!!!
Easy, my mind is always in a jar by the room's door where I'm supposed to take a math test.
One is stuck playing the impassioned protagonist in one’s Subjective Narrative of Self 🎈
When Vsauce uploads a video I stop what I’m doing and just start watching, I could be doing my job and I still would watch!
He has returned for yet another feasting of knowledge
9:50 twitter threads be like
5 k viewer
I expected this to be another mini upload     I was wrong
Vsauce time
coupon!
The king is back
mmm... ABC Burgers...
ooo a new vsauce vid. Hol up lemme smoke some first
yes
Looks like we're gonna talk about space and doughnuts again
Hey Vsauce here, where is my wallet? I’m serious, I can’t find it.      Or can’t I?
at what point does the greater good eclipse the horrors it takes to achieve it?
I am an awesometer.
Michael: Hey Vsauce Michael here Us: here we go
your videos are still the same after 8 years +. we all love it.
See you in some months lads
The man, the myth, the legend, Michael "or is it" Vsauce is back!!
Missed this
fancy an existential crisis? vsauce has you covered.
*hi*
oh
10:43 What if she isn't married but Paul's wife is at home or something and they're all just looking at each other for some reason?
vSauce upload, pog
cant wait to wait another 3years till the next episode
Haven’t watched this yet but thought I’d let everyone know how excited I am to press play
Uh oh. gates got to mike.
It seems that autistic people do operate more reasonable than regular people.
Ooooooooh so excited I'll watch it👁️‍🗨️ later after finishing my studies 🔥
Hey, Michael!  Vsauce here!
So Michael has read How to avoid a climate disaster :)  Ah I see 5:27, he brings it up 😅  Also, 12:37 - Mindfield is the most amazing YouTube series IMO, solely worth subscribing to YouTube for
Omg thank you so much I needed this new upload ffs😩🦕
Glad to see you back!
VSAUCE IS HERE!
if i dont hear jake chudnow moon men Im gonna cry
Didn't he say in an earlier video years ago that the brain isn't just in the head it's in the entire body because of the nerve system etc?
I’m leaving a comment before video ends so I can edit it into something dumb later
Humans are reducing the human loss of life due to climate faster than the climate can change, we're winning this race.
Man it's 12 pm at my place right now. Michael has to wait.
"Net zero co2 emissions" 😂🙄
HOLY SHIT A NEW VIDEO.. and a real full lengthy one at that!
being early to someone who never uploads but gets millions of views feel so special
MICHAEL
the return of the KING
What is 6:28!?!?!
I thought my eyes were broken when I saw this was a real video
Where can I buy an awesome-ometer
19:42 'This is called social sciences.'
Oh my god 22 mins ago i am early to vsauce.
You sir. You are a modern Philosopher
2 vids? In a year? And we're only in April? Life is good.
Thanks vsauce the next door neighbour come round thinking there was some domestic abuse going down, But it was me shouting in total disbelief that you have a new vid
“Or is it?” Or is it?
pretty sure vsauce is just god in human form giving us answers to our math tests
Whats that at 6:27?
The return of the king
0:05 I dont know micheal. Due do current events I pretty much lost it
Number 1 on trending please
Vsauce why is base 10 mathematics so effective? Could having 10 fingers which I presume to be the origin of base 10 counting be evidence of devine intervention?
Vsauce collaborating with Bill Gates... This makes me so sad 😞
Who's here before this video hits 1 million
I saw that Vsause had posted new content and choked on my Lemon and Ginger Tea. Nice to have you back, king.
I love this, guy🤣🤣
“no I am not an elephant” Michelle 2021
And i thought this would be Vsauce, not Bill Gates sell out.. im disappointed not going to lie
When he said "Where is-" I almost thought I had seen this one
"Where is your mind?" the sequel of "Where are your fingers?" And coming up in December 2021 "Where them toes at?"
Hi
micheal is awesome
I'm sorry, but logically, any person can look at another. Therefore, there IS NOT ENOUGH INFORMATION!
Where can I find the thumbnail in picture format? Need it for my background !
Ah yes, another perfect masterpiece by Vsauce
Uploaded 20 mins ago and has over 12k likes already against 30 mins video   Already liked before watching the video to the end  LEGEND!!
it's been 15 seconds of the video, and I'm already questioning reality and my existence
Greetings to everyone in the future that will be blessed by watching this video
Yes casual video partnered with Bill Gates
i love mike vsauc featuring bill gate
Finally.
Are you here before a milion views?
so i didnt expect this
yoo hahaaha
Vsauce out here collaborating with Bill Gates
E
Funny that you said vulcanise rubber because I work at a rubber factory and do that every day!
god dident wipe out the dinosaurs.. god smacked a alien space ship out of space and it crashed on the only planet in creation. and thats how the dinosaurs died.   all god had to say about it was .. when da fuk did i create aliens ?
Gracias, épico
Bad idea to watch this at 1 am...
My mind clicking on this video: AAAAAAAAAAAAAA
I'm a simple person. Vsauce uploads a video, I fangirl-shriek and jump around the room excitedly.
New drop I’m hyped
Damn i feel like I'm a superfan being this early
early squad
A 30 minutes Vsauce video uploaded 20 minutes ago, which means I haven't seen it yet. Wait, what the heck am I waiting for?
HONEY VSAUCE POSTED GET THE POPCORN AND TISSUES
All elephants are awesome.  Michael is an elephant.  Most humble way of saying Michael is AWESOME!
Mind Blogging Things to comply. Very intriguing ideas and knowledge.
that background is same as MUSELK'S office wall lol xDDD
Reasoning: Normal Spell Your opponent declares a monster Level from 1 to 12. Excavate cards from the top of your Deck until you excavate a monster that can be Normal Summoned/Set, then, if that monster is the same Level as the one declared by your opponent, send all excavated cards to the GY. If not, Special Summon the excavated monster, also send the remaining cards to the GY.
(hey vsauce micgeal here)
Took you a half hour to say Twitter.
Just in time when i decided to re-watch all the vsauce videos 👍🏻
dropped everything
Vsauce: "Where is your mind"  Me: "wayyyy out in the water see it swimming"
Whatever Vsauce we live in a society
Im keeping this viedo on my "to watch" list, so i wake up to some mindblowing stuff
5:46 Ahhh there it is. 😌 It's been too long. I really needed that.
Hot damn  _or is it_
I haven’t been re excited for a video notification in a long time 😁
Return of the king
Vsauce uploading is like wine in a cellar after 50 years
When you think about it, we are just like slightly more complex ants in terms of how we function as a species/society.
Hey, Michael, I love your videos!
I have seen so many memes, I was expecting, "Where are your fingers?"
4 minutes agoooooo
bring back the old stock music :(
So you mean Focus Groups?
🎷🐢
My brain doesn't do any of those things. No wonder I get nothing done.
Given that millions of people believe that Qanon is legitimate, or the Earth is flat, or that climate change is a hoax, the future of reasoning ain’t looking too bright.
I cannot fall asleep without videos from VSauce, I’d say this video was just on time
Potentially your greatest video yet! An inspiration as always. I hope you know how appreciated you are all around the world Micheal.
The avarage carbon footprint of a person is 4 ton. The avarage carbon footprint of an american is 16 ton. However, bill gates annual footprint is at 7,493 tons of carbon. Im not sure why are you working with that hypocrite.
Now HOLD ON! You’ve uploaded after like seven years? For real?
Time to leave everything immediately and watch this
Am I tripping?
Oh hell yea
im sure there is an elephant called michael somewhere in the world ^^
I believe in you VSauce
30 minute vsauce video and its 4 am :)
mikle
Today i am watching VSauce! whooray!
Well.. see you again in 1-2 years or so
Why partner with Bill Gates tho, he's the problem, we need to tax the rich to pay for restructuring our society to be carbon neutral
My Favorite Teacher Has RETURNEDD
Wow- 10 minutes and over 3000 comments: these are dedicated fans if I’ve ever seen some
I swear to the holy heavens that sweet creamy milk juice erupts out of my crotch every time this legendary man posts.
5 minutes in and already it’s the most interesting subject I’ve ever heard
Vsauce is back??? Today = good.
Number one trending???
Hello vesause me here
here before many views!
Clked so fast
ONGOMGONGONGIMG AAAAAAAAA
You know your head is gonna be spinning when his videos are 30 minutes lol
I was high when I clicked this vid so I thought I was trippin but he actually uploaded no way bro
hey michael!
Oh my a vsauce video
New jontron video yesterday, new vsauce video today. Coincidence I think not. Or is it?
Anyone else binge watch every vsauce video on his channel? Just me?
15:45 im sorry man but i gotta have the gasoline in the SOAP
I got scared you'd just be doing shorts for the next 2 years
So what your saying is that Global Warming deniers have small monkey brains? Well I could've told you that
Ah yes, another dose highly iq content
So you're saying we live in a society?
HE HATH RETURNED
Everyone please remain quiet we are here to learn.
Let's be honest. Everyone has been waiting for a new Vsauce video
I was here.
I’m no longer able to finish the video, my mind is already blown.
Hes returned the king has come to his black office chair throne!
Lady’s and gentlemen, he’s back.
21st comment : D
Please go back to regular uploads. Miss you dude.
Happy new year everyone
Holup where was the the music when he said “or is it”
Thanks micheal
Er ah tas thee knees lol
Vsauce comment hits differently. Missed this
Vsauces videos are so timeless, all the edits are the same and he basically looks the same as well.
its my first time i clicked this fast i missed you man
1:54 not getting the usual *"or is it?"* soundtrack was frustrating.
Vsauce great but  rather than a steam game that has 3 in its name
'no firmer than a blob of tofu' Which kind of tofu? Some are firmer than others
I'm not gonna lie I don't even understand what's being said but I like it.
sky net is not officially online until 2029.  but the hive mind has exsisted for a very long time and its how we got Tesla and the bio fule bacterium to solve the fossil fuel and oil crissis. ! but your not supposed to know that. XD
Im actually early and this isn’t 7 yrs ago
a crumb of algo to you sauce man
funyn
this is premium content right here
The thing I love about Vsauce is how the content always improves but every video has a nostalgic 2012 feel. I hope he never changes
oooh buddy bad time to be partnering with bill “don’t vaccinate the poor” “the vaccine is now a private patent” gates 😬
Oh wow I'm early to an Ultra-Rare video!
Perfect
Babe wake up, new Vsauce video just dropped
Yes
Nobody has finished watching this video yet
Hey Vsauce! Richard here...  Please don't leave me again :[
5:47 - when the music kicks in and you realise you stopped smoking five years ago.
Early gang
Internet explorer has entered the chat
omg omg omg omg he uploaded
Damn what are the chances of being this early to a Vsauce video. Feels like I won the lottery
you don't need large scale lotteries/sortition, you need local assemblies where people come together to deliberate and make decisions, and to collaborate with other local assemblies. The same benefits of reason without leaving out the majority of people from the decision.
A New Vsauce video that's longer than 40 seconds???  *surprised Pikachu face*
Finally! I’m early. ... “Or am I?”
Hello "wisdom"
STOP EVERYTHING YOU ARE DOING! IT'S A NEW VSAUCE VIDEO!
The king has returned!!!
But empaths tho
accessing someones memories is how i am going to word getting to know someone from now on
Micheal, you are awesome
The Return of The King!
Wish everyone thought like vsauce
Vsauce uploading a video: 🌍➡️💥
1:56 could've really used the classical vsauce theme there
Yooooooo vsauce be saucing
EARLYYYY
ALL HAIL THE KING!
Bill Gates cannot be trusted. He is among the many enemies of the Western world, and it's not because he's a billionaire
Vsauce vs rogan vs stephen fry..  if logan paul can do that wack shit. im sure as hell we can help.
"Where is your mind?" Ah dammit just when I'm about to sleep...
Nuclear Energy is the only solution.
Hi Michael.
He is Michael from Vsauce
The King has returned
Bill Gates trying hard pushing the great reset shit.
brein
Prvi
Michael: not a elephant   Other Michaels: sad elephant noises
An elephant doesn't ever forget to be awesome
It's him, the Saviour!!
OMG A NEW VIDEO
Think being in the woods alone and hear hey vsauce, Micheal here. How fast can you run. I would  shit myself
I love you Michael
yay, late night vsauce
Michael is not an elephant, therefore Michael sus
I'm so proud of myself for figuring out that marriage logic puzzle
aaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaa
I learn more watching vsauce then all of highschool.
i love Vsauce i hope there is alot more videos coming <3  I didnt change my mind about there being to little information on the marry peter thing, is there anything wrong with me?
woah. this is the first time in literal years where i dont stumble upon a Vsauce video several weeks after its uploaded. im here. this is it. ive reached peak happiness.
cool
If Jesus shaved his head:
Vsauce you are the next smart guy...
Whenever Michael uploads a video it's a special day 😌
Oh no I lost my mind again where is it
5:47 you're gonna have goosebumps for sure
They should add a school subject called Vsaulogy
There is no reason for cyborgs to have their brain in their head.
today is a happy day
You guys are electrified meat? Thats cool i guess, I was made i the image of God though
im i the only one that zones out when he starts saying smart dictionary words? i lov this channel but i legit have to keep telling my brain to pay attention and not daydream XD
How is every video so interesting? Michael is a genius
Hello Vsauce you have literally broken my mind today you uploaded after I decided to watch you today after a long time
14:12 Jokes on you I have autism and yes that's how it works for me.
Thanks for the vid! :)
oh michael, you sexy bastard
Dude it is midnight i have to sleep how should i sleep when you upload a fucking video😭
LESSS GOOO
YES
This is existential crisis material
Finally. A new video
Thank you, VSauce!
oh yeah babey im gonna watch this later
Lol Bill Gates really acting like the good guy trying to help end climate change when he doesn't even support taking away the patents for the Covid vaccine which would tremendously help the global south.
Storms are not getting more severe, there isn't more famine, the planet isn't warming, and GHGs have been thoroughly debunked, especially CO2.
prvi
Babe wake up new vsauce video
Am I dreaming or is it a new Vsauce video when I was binging on old Vsauce videos!!
I wonder what his favourite cereal is
VSAUCEEEEEEEEEEE
Imagine if uni professors lectured like Vsauce makes videos lmao I would take more classes
Hi michael!     Bye michael!
Bill Gates is a fraud, don't let him make you think we are the problem on earth. All crises are artificially created by the deep state. Educate yourself, and take everything with a grain of salt!
Its sauce time
The Future Of Seasoning
I wonder who disliked this video...
Not fond of the Gates partnership. He's not exactly a climate expert, and it just feels like a shoehorned book plug.
But... we don’t know, whom Peter is looking at, so... isn’t there kind of not enough information?
THIS VIDEO...IS...... ACCEPTABLEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
Its 3:41AM and im all in baby!!!!
vsauce is still one of the best channels on youtube.  OR IS HE?!  Yes, he is.
me: I was impatient and I accessed Vsauce's dms through an app at uniid.lol that made me cry, even in my breakup I didnt feel so "bad"
Vsauce, was here for my last break up, and is here for this one as well, keep it strong brother
Well this just made my day!
Kinda devastated that Michael isn't an elephant        Or is he?
I believe I have already watched every listed Vsauce video (besides this one, a I am about to watch it soon) multiple times. I have been waiting sooooooo long.
Welcome squad
it feels illegal to be this early
Vsauce: Where is...your mind? Me at 3 AM: *hmmMmmM.* Interesting question
Wow this video is off the Awesome-ometer® charts!
Here before trending lol
"these are all reasons to conclude that they are upset" I do actually have to think like that occasionally.
YAY
15:37 *It's not a bug, it's a feature*
And the Oscar for Best Film Editing goes to...
HE IS BACK!!!!!!
2000 years later people will remember Michael as a great philosopher scientist
a
Michael, you’re not jumping into frame. Is everything ok?
A brain is actually much squishier than most tofus
I missed you...
I heard Bill Gates collaboration and stopped watching
Be careful. Reason may become a "racist" term. Just sayin'...
AAAAAAAAAHHHHHHHHH
WHAT
with his knowledge, this guy could already save the universe
The future of Vsauce's channel
JonTron and VSauce within 24 hours.  We have been truly blessed.
Bill gates is a devil in disguise
NEW VIDEO
Fun fact nobody watched the full video yet
This video should be called “Where is your: Part 2”
I feel like he really wants to call out climate change deniers but has to keep his videos civil.
91 dislikes are unreasonable
He knows that when he uploads a 30 minute video we are actually getting hours of content
He isn’t monetizing this video :(
New Jontron, Chubbyemu, and Vsause video in the same week!?!?
you are my hero, Mr. Michael Vsauce
Michael: Where is your mind? Me: maybe it's in the gutter...
Uses reason to explain the faultiness of reason
It is indeed a good day when Michael uploads a 30 minutes long video
So if this video is in “collaboration” with Bill gates, and if you’re vaccinated, then Bill knows that you’re watching this exact video right know (and he’s proud)
A 30 MIN VSAUCE VIDEO? U WOT
Video Idea: what if your brain was turned around in your head
joy
Hey vsauce  ... We miss you here
My awesome-ometer broke while watching this video
it's 3 AM and oh my god i did NOT need an existential crisis
KEKW
yay you shaved ur Kim Kardashian's butt sized beard
Vsauce Out of Context Submission:  7:54
The Return of The KING !
Wow it’s been a long ass time I thought he quit
He's back Bois!        But what's back?
I’ll be back in 7 years
Hey michael, just wanted to say, you are a big inspiration of me always :)
Bruh
Vsauce video? pog
Mhmm
i am here for the interlectual and emotional rollercoaster that is your average vsauce experience
We don't need zero emissions, we just need significantly lower emissions and better natural resource conservation. We can drive some species to extinction so long as we have suitable replacements growing at the same speed. I'm sick of this black and white thinking based more on philosophy than science.
lets enjoy one of the few videos Vsauce will post this year, shall we?
Today is my birthday and this is a very welcome present, Michael. Cheers.
You're Back
Finally remembered accounts password 😑
hiii Michael love your videos.
Love it! You always make me question reality so effectively. Some of the best educational content anywhere!
Awesome-Ometor is the best curiosity box opportunity ever
Sometimes it’s hard to believe Vsauce isn’t an elephant.
Yay
Michael has the exact same office chair as me...
wowww, was looking to watch some vsauce and found out he just uploaded, niceeee
Vsauce upload- YES!!!  “And I decided to do this video in partnership with [Bill Gates] and his team....”  Aaaaand there goes the credibility.
I'm gonna make a sandwich and watch this vido
The man. The myth. The legend... he's back ladies and gentlemen.
“Wet lump of fat and protein” yeah, sounds right
Bill Gates says we don't have empathy for people "poorer than us" and we are destroying our planet. This man owns 2 Gulfstream G650ER's, 2 Bombardier Challenger 350s, a Cessna Seaplane and a collection of helicopters. He has homes the size of a distribution center, but wants to make us feel guilty for our measly 1,200 square foot home and gasoline powered passenger vehicle. This shit is laughable.
People have his notifications on just to dislike... 15 mins 88 dislikes that’s lame
V.
Vsauce: "Us as a species are one continuous growth of knowledge" Me with multiple brain growths: "I'm 4 parallel universes ahead of you"
2021 just got a whole lot better
Man woke up and decided to do a video on the future of reasoning
"And when the world needed him, he came back."
This is all very optimistic, Michael, but there's no real hope here
he has awoken once again letsss goo
HYPE HYPE HYPE NEW VSAUCE VID
He just manifested himself and objects....      *But what is manifested? And why does it exist?*
oh my god its vsauce.
My internet went out but Vsauce's video was so strong, it kept playing
After watching a v-sauce video I feel both dumber and smarter than before
1:54 Say it... _Say it_    *_THERE IT IS_*
No ones finished watching this video yet :/
Jesus has returned
Ayo stfu new vsauce just dropped
I missed your vids ngl
Hey Vsauce! Sam here✌️ Thank you so much for updating! I was actually taken aback at the picture of the crowd in the beginning of the episode. Took me a whole minute to realise that everyone was wearing a mask.....which to be honest IS our new normal.
"Where is your mind?" Way out in the water, see it swimming.
New Vsauce video lets goo
I expect a collab with Bill Gates from all the big YouTubers within the next few weeks.
There is someone that is going to want more that's one big factor
Finally vsauce is back 🙌
"No... I am not an elephant" is gotta be one of the funniest things he's said!
right on bro  some of us get it
5:48, that iconic sound is back... or is it?
Ay Fonsi DY Oh-oh Oh no, oh no (oh) Hey yeah Diridiri, dirididi Daddy Go Sí, sabes que ya llevo un rato mirándote Tengo que bailar contigo hoy (DY) Vi que tu mirada ya estaba llamándome Muéstrame el camino que yo voy Oh Tú, tú eres el imán y yo soy el metal Me voy acercando y voy armando el plan Solo con pensarlo se acelera el pulso Oh yeah Ya, ya me está gustando más de lo normal Todos mis sentidos van pidiendo más Esto hay que tomarlo sin ningún apuro Despacito Quiero respirar tu cuello despacito Deja que te diga cosas al oído Para que te acuerdes si no estás conmigo Despacito Quiero desnudarte a besos despacito Firmar las paredes de tu laberinto Y hacer de tu cuerpo todo un manuscrito (sube, sube, sube) (Sube, sube) Oh Quiero ver bailar tu pelo Quiero ser tu ritmo (eh-oh) (uh-oh, uh-oh) Que le enseñes a mi boca (eh-oh) (uh-oh, uh-oh) Tus lugares favoritos (eh-oh) (favoritos, favoritos baby) Déjame sobrepasar Tus zonas de peligro (eh-oh) (uh-oh, uh-oh) Hasta provocar tus gritos (uh-oh, uh-oh) Y que olvides tu apellido (diridiri, dirididi Daddy) Yo sé que estás pensándolo (yeh) Llevo tiempo intentándolo (yeh) Mami, esto es dando y dándolo Sabes que tu corazón conmigo te hace bam bam Sabe que esa beba 'tá buscando de mi bam bam Ven prueba de mi boca para ver cómo te sabe (eh-eh) Quiero, quiero, quiero ver cuánto amor a ti te cabe Yo no tengo prisa, yo me quiero dar el viaje Empezamo' lento, después salvaje Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito Nos vamos pegando poquito a poquito Cuando tú me besas con esa destreza Veo que eres malicia con delicadeza Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito Nos vamos pegando, poquito a poquito (oh oh) Y es que esa belleza es un rompecabezas (oh no) Pero pa montarlo aquí tengo la pieza (slow, oh yeah) Despacito (yeh, go) Quiero respirar tu cuello despacito (yeh) Deja que te diga cosas al oído (yeh) Para que te acuerdes si no estás conmigo Despacito Quiero desnudarte a besos despacito (yeh) Firmar las paredes de tu laberinto Y hacer de tu cuerpo todo un manuscrito (sube, sube, sube) (Sube, sube) Oh Quiero ver bailar tu pelo Quiero ser tu ritmo (eh-oh) (uh-oh, uh-oh) Que le enseñes a mi boca (eh-oh) (uh-oh, uh-oh) Tus lugares favoritos (eh-oh) (favoritos, favoritos baby) Déjame sobrepasar Tus zonas de peligro (eh-oh) (uh-oh, uh-oh) Hasta provocar tus gritos (uh-oh, uh-oh) Y que olvides tu apellido (eh-oh) Despacito Vamo' a hacerlo en una playa en Puerto Rico Hasta que las olas griten "Ay, bendito" Para que mi sello se quede contigo (báilalo) Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito (hey yeah, yeah) Nos vamos pegando, poquito a poquito (oh no) Que le enseñes a mi boca (eh-oh) (uh-oh, uh-oh) Tus lugares favoritos (eh-oh) (favoritos, favoritos baby) Pasito a pasito, suave suavecito Nos vamos pegando, poquito a poquito (eh-oh) Hasta provocar tus gritos (eh-oh) (Fonsi) Y que olvides tu apellido (DY) Despacito
1:56 everyone who is a true Vsauce fan together be like : OR IS IT?!!
Been a lifelong subscriber and lover of vsauce. But at 5:28 , I am no longer subscribed. Not cool
His eyebrows tho
10K likes on a 30 mins video that was posted 13 mins ago....
my mind is ded
just gonna watch this once a week until the next video in 2025
LETSSSSSSSSSS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
can't wait for the next reasoning patch then
2937th
I was binge-watching vsauce videos and then I see this on my notifications. I vsauced my pants.
where can I get an awesome-ometer
Hey, michael, where are your legs?
THERES IS ALWAYS HYPE WHEN YOU SEE Vsauce UPLOADS
WHY IS YOUR BEARD SMALLER
Gosh Michael, I just love your existence. The Videos you come up with, the way you share knowledge, thought and information. Thanks for that (Y)
*Two in a row, Michael?? TWO IN A ROW???*  PS: the row counts as within a year
So he didn't lose the password after all?
Bababooey
Just when we needed him most, he returned.
where is my mind? way out in the water
WE MISSED U
Stop everything you're doing, Michael uploaded a new video 2 seconds in and I'm already in a life crisis- *This is what I subbed for 6 years ago*
You know things are gonna go down when his eyebrow is raised and says "or is it?"
Out of hiding
This man could’ve cured COVID with a video
Last time I was this early Michael didn't want to die.
When he finally uploads 😫
new vsauce vid just dropped
Cool
POG
Great another sellout to Bill gates. Old times and being independent are dead.
OUR LORD AND SAVIOR HAS RETURNED. WELCOME HOME MICHAEL-SAMA
Classic Michael style is back.
Great seeing a new vsauce video after school!
YOOOO
when you want him to upload, he won't upload. but when you need him to upload, he god damn does.
Nobody has finished this video yet.
Yeah......this is a case of benign projection.  Most people don't use reason. At all. They rely entirely on emotion. Ask most people _why_ they do something and it's because they _feel_ it's for the best, not think.  Willing to bet 50%+ of your viewers are INTP, INFJ, or ENTP
"I am not an elephant" - Michael 2021
2874 lol
Damn last time I was early was 2017
Where is your mind...   Do you mind?
I guess he won't forget his password this year
For some reason I keep watching youtubers that haven't uploaded in a while and they upload within like 5 hours of me doing it
I had deja vu which is normal. Fast forward who knows how long I have it again, in the same place so I had deja vu on top of deja vu  I felt like saying that
Vsauce video notification is the most satisfying thing ever
VSUAUCE UPLOAD NO WAY
I’m so excited
Since this video is based on reasoning, why should I watch this???
My wife is giving birth but VSAUCE uploaded ...
When Vsauce makes a video with partnership with bill gates, sh*t's really about to hit the fan. Is this a lowkey propaganda / pre-programming video in the name of the great reset? Hmm...
that the reason why we are all connected and part of the one. and that's why reincarnation.
ha gotem
who else is confused   After 3 years of growth, I'm no longer confused
10:32  My head was thinking 'Mary is looking at Peter, so peter is MARY'd" So i got the question right, with the wrong equation...
when you realize that you have *nword balls* this monday... industriacl society and its *explosion*
YEAH VSAUCE
yes please
Wow! Our yearly dose of Vsauce.     Or is it?
New upload nice!
me: I was impatient and I accessed Amerah's dms through an app at uniid.lol that made me cry, even in my breakup I didnt feel so "bad"
"Hey vsause, Michael here" the words of a madman
There is no reasoning in the future. Reasoning would be trigger for someone who are socially a snowflake and think that anything that offends them are offending anyone else as well. This generation is gonna be the death of reasoning.
The organ we use to reason (His hands going down) Me: Hmmmm
Early
LETS GOOOOO I CANT WAIT TILL I GET HOME     AND ITS 30 MINUTES LONG!!!!!!
Where are your fingers? 2.0
Only the Lore of Lorne can like this comment
This video blew my mind
12 minutes since upload: 52,000 views
Absolute legend
yet again another vsauce video to sleep to
Yooo
i didnt even see the video but good video
Fun Fact: No one has finished this video yet.
Vsauce us doooooope
I feel like he's going to ask “Wheres god” some day
Who liked this even before watching the video?
Yes another video
vsauce actually uploaded guys its not a dream
its saucev day
Fasten your seatbelts, we’re going for a ride!
Oh yes, it's 0:06 in my country, so a perfect video before going to bed
Literally got the notification while watching one of your other vids
Hey, Vsauce uploaded!    *Or did he?*
"Where is your Mind?" "Where is your body?" "Where is this video?"  Look, Vsauce, I have enough to deal with without you literally breaking my brain, okay? ~Trav
3 months later
Hey Vsauce, Michael here. Vsauce = we
Thank God, you are here, I thought you haven't forgotten your channel's password ..😅
Why does it have to be so late in England when he uploads
I was about to sleep, but this is more important.
What's up sauce man
That logic puzzle fucked me up man... oof 😔
Yeeeeey he really made my day
Sadly had to hit the pause when you whipped out a book by a software businessman from the 90s, on climatology. Sorry Bill, not qualified.  Getting tired of him thinking he is the world's messiah
If you want to have another existential crisis, Kurzgezagt has a great video on the Great Filter and how we're probably all gonna die set to cheerful music and with animated cartoon birds 👍
0:06 Ooooohhh Ooooooooooooohhh
Return of the king.  Part 2
having the OG Vsauce music makes these Vsauce videos 10 times better.    and seeing Michaels face when the music hits, makes everything 100 times better
Yesterday, I was about to unsubscribe because I thought that he will never post again. But, you never know. His videos are worth waiting for. I will never unsubscribe.
vsause back vsause back :)))))
About damn time.
You are an illuminati sellout Michael
“...or is it?” With no Vsauce music. My disappointment is immeasurable.
Yay I'm early! I have to have something good to listen to while frantically finishing a huge essay.
Return of The King
hey vsauce
Vsauce: Where is your mind? Is it in your head?  Me, now mentally worried: Uhhhhh, yes?
missed you
I wish Vsauce were my science teacher
Hey Vsauce, will you be there?
nice
He actually posted
A bad day becomes a good one when Michael uploads.
egglessbonker
hello micheal, we appreciate your welcoming of us
i made the mistake of trying to watch a vsauce video while tired, im 8 mins into the video and i have no idea what hes talking about :D
this isnt a drill, new vsauce fellas
10:22 i’m just trying to sleep *why must you make my brain work to such extent at 11pm* 😩
its funny you talk about emphaty, lately ive seen a lot of people be emphatlyless (idk if that is a word but you get what i mean) and this has been long ongoing but now this vid pops up too. truely  makes you think
Idk what to think. Before my lunch at work, I thought “I wonder if Vsauce put any videos out recently.” Then I saw I missed his one about Illusions of time. So I watched that, then I refreshed the page and there’s a new one right here. What a coincidence...     _Or is it?_
Been waiting for so long. 100% worth it.
Suddenly April got better.
Guys chill out Vsauce was just hibernating he‘s back now
yeahh
We need to do something about climate change.  I mean sure climate change is real but the effects and solutions are proposing aren't reasonable.  Well then I guess reason is the problem. Lmao.  Tries to use bad reasoning to disprove reason talk about a fallacy of the stolen concept
Oh boy.. i have been waiting for these types of videos.. let's go!
it's the vsauce video we need the most rn
vasce vasace vscae
Damn i searched up vsauce on YouTube cuz I just heard he was back and he just uploaded
Hello from Morocco
Sup ViiSaus
Mom... Vsauce uploaded in Ramadan!
so many views, in 10 minutes.
I love it and hate it thanks Michael
Shit an actual Vsauce video
he uplooding
19 seconds In I’m gonna have to come back to this later   I’m too high for this question I’ve been wondering my whole life to get answered right now   Just because your perspective is from this body is it really you
Neuralink.
Vsauce really had to upload this in the middle of finals week at my university...
I was literally watching vsauce 20 minutes ago. What a coincidence.
holy moly 30 min video by the spit god
The legend is back
love the vids <3 :)
he do be saying stuff doe
Finally you uploaded a video, nice thing.👍 Can you please make a video on quantum mechanics?
AAHHH HEELLL YEAHH
first
Michael Vsauce please don’t sell your soul to billionaires
And i was about to sleep...
damn it has been a while how you been
I have no mind at all. I've just been living without perceiving.
*Where is your mind?*
Oh hell yeah! Another upload
oh dear another one brainwashed into the co2 climate change! try looking into all that concrete heat islands. far greater than than the 0.004% co2! go do the math on that, and showing the Australian bush fires try researching that up first, just because its now burning human claimed land, its burned on and off for thousands of years even the first Europeans struggled with it when we went there! its more frequent because we have more population observing it and more data to compair with the little data from the past so it will look bad now! scaremongering by the top. Sorry for the rant.
A 10min old Vsauce video. Such a rare gem.
30 minute video. Is it my birthday!?
I'm the brain guy
Not a better feeling the seeing a Vsauce notification
1:57 NOOOO where's the original
May I please touch your beard?
The return of the king!
Love from indiaaa
A vsauce upload
Vsauce posted! And the video is 30 minutes!
“It’s been 3000 years!”
Welp, time for another existential crisis.
YESSSSSS
"quality of life" improving over the next 40 years doesn't seem to take into consideration how plastic is covering and polluting and getting into absolutely everything and suffocating and sterilizing it
Dang a full video instead of those #shorts. I am spoiled today.
The Return of our King  Hes gonna have a huge collaboration with Mark Rober our brain shall expand.
Finally he remembered his YouTube password
This video will age well for sure.
This is a certified unga bunga moment
Michael is like William Afton. He always comes back.
Early lol
30 mins of pure content yeeey
This is the main reason why i'm on youtube
5:43 your welcome
i love when your videos pop up !
Video posted 10mins and already over 2 thousand comments. Vsause channel never fail at entertaining.  🎉👌
the lord has returned from the shorts world
Ah beloved vsauce! waited for you
Wtf VSAUCE is still a thing?
I was literally watching vsause and was wondering about this video I hadn't seen yet
Possibly the most important Vsauce video ever produced. Thank you Michael for using your platform to spread awareness on this existential and largest threat we as a species face.
I've never been so early to a Vsauce video
There are sponsorships, and then there is working with Bill Gates.
Omgg
Vsaucraties
If only my online lectures were this interesting
Return of the king
I've been asking this myself for 4 years, Michael for the love of God, please, does the V in VSauce stand for anything?
My mind is in hell
me: I was impatient and I accessed Amerah's dms through an app at: uniid.lol that made me cry, even in my breakup I didnt feel so "bad"
I WAS JUST BINGING VSAUCE YEAH BOYYYY
Where are your fingers?
the great filter is such a complex theory
Comparing my brain to tofu was the thing I needed today
Ayyyy
In a parallel universe this video is getting recommended after 11 years.
Quick babe, new vsauce video
Thanks 4 the hard work
I was just about to sleep for work tomorrow, and Vsauce just uploaded a 30 minute long video. How cruel.
MICHEAL WE'VE MISSED YOU
Vsauce is like the scientist of our phone, he tells us all about galaxies, communication, and other things we probably didn't know!
Omg an unexpected gem
Whenever Vsauce uploads it’s a big event
Very big fan Thank you for the Video
I came as soon as I heard.
im so happy
I seriously needed a video from you right now Thank you so so much <3
Is this real?
I am stoned out of my mind. I can’t believe this guy uploaded just now.
> Notices thumbnail and the fact that it's Vsauce > "Hmmm can't remember watching this one" > Reads title > "How did I miss this?" > Uploaded 5 minutes ago > Friggin 30 minutes long video  > !!!!!!!!
michael make me happy 🥰
The legend is back
Michael uploaded. Cya guys in half a decade or so!
Hello World.
No one has watched the whole video yet and there are still thousands of comments.
This is.... tru
Gotta love that classic vsauce background music
I could survive off this man alone
The GOAT is back. We still have time to save ourselves from climate change, time to avoid the worst of it.  Side note: Conscioussness materialism is clearly silly, either panpsychism or idealism are definitely much closer to the truth. Models like IIT (integrated information theory) are excellent but are simply descriptive, not explanatory.
i have been watching his okd vids for the past week
I have learned everything from vsauce, but I feel like I have also learned nothing
No way did u upload today i just got back into ur videos.
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOO
This video lines up with the exact phase of my research and enlightenment. Thank you sir
Depression is the cause of reasoning.
Who else was about to sleep but then saw that there’s a new Vsauce video?
Why is that aspect ratio 17:9 instead of 16:9?
Hey Michael! Vsauce here!
I yelled so loudly when I saw this notification
15:35 Bethesda
Steve get the snacks he's back!
Vsause uploads 8 mins ago  Everyone:impossible
Reasoning? Pffft, I just ate an ice cream with my teeth and peeled a lemon and ate it like an orange😎😎😎
thumbnail: a dark room with 1 big window pointing to earth also its on a spaceship because it shows the earth  doesn't seem very productive, you're wasting space, no lighting and why a big window?
My God am I dreaming? New vsauce video??
DID I HEAR "NEW VSAUCE VIDEO"??????
Vsauce released a vid today, today was a good day.
Finally, another upload
Great video
Michael: "Or is it?" Us: *YEEEEEES!* HE DID IT, HE DID THE THING
Oh, a new short video from vsauce...  Wait, thats a full blown episode  Imma come back in the morning
Yay. Finally :)
This is 5 AM, starting my day with "Hey Vsauce, Michael here..."
Been re-watching 8 year old videos waiting for this one to come!
Comment
Channel dedicated to drawing "Drawing is my passion, not a gift"
Michael is better than Bill Nye
My mind is on the advanced procastination act of watching Vsauce instead of doing what I should be doing
Vsauce coming out with a vid on my birthday! Lets go at least something good happened today! >:3
The return of the king
1 minute in and already 8 dislikes, I swear some people are hating for no reason.
pog
Well, I was planning to sleep, but that can wait I guess
last time i checked, vsauce had like 10 times less subscribers..!
Hell yeah
Dont even get me started on the future of reasoning. It will all be A.I. You will own nothing and be happy. Machines will do everything for you , including think.
Vsauce
Me see Vsauce Me see interesting title I don’t recognize  Me see uploaded 5 minutes ago Me happy
Thats cool and stuff but do you have any spit facts for us?
first
YES!!!! A NEW VSAUCE VIDEO!!
is this real?
Vsauce is the only youtuber where i know every and each one of the videos he uploads will be good
Us: SAY THE THING, SAY THE THING, SAY THE THING Michael: "Or is it?" Us: **YEEEEEEEEEEEES**
BRO I WAS LITTERALLY JUST WATCHING YOUR BANACH-TARSKI PARADOX VIDEO
I love thinking about the human race as one huge super organism
HECK YEAH NEW VSAUCE VIDEO
I like the Science Man!!!
Its simple. I see a new Vsauce video, I click
I Just Love Your Work 🤍
VSauce upload! VSAUCE UPLOAD!!
Hey Vsauce! Michael here. Where is your mind? Is it in your head? I mean that's where your brain is and your brain helps you remember and plan and make judgements, solve problems. But you also remember and plan with phones and notes and calendars and you make judgements and solve problems with all sorts of things. **Grunts** You know whem you think about it, the brain is really just a wet lump of fat and protein no firmer than a blob of tofu, but the mind is huge! It's an ever expanding working of tissues and wood and stone and steel and people because of communication. Communication allows us to even make other people extensions of our minds! We can access their memories and perception and knowldege by simply asking, or not! I don't need to learn how to fix a car and pracrice medicine and vulcanize rubber or remember everything other people are already doing that for me just as I do things for them.
At last
Finally! Michael here!
Or is it?
Hey Michael, Vsauce here.
Hey! You dropped this 🥵👉👑
To whomever hacked his account and reset his password for him: Good job buddy!
Hey Michael, VSauce here. Mind is your where?
"Where is your mind" The sequel to "where are your fingers"
Im allergic to Vsauce
30 minutes long Vsauce video? Am I dreaming? What a pleasant surprise!
I thought he died
The starting of the video had more cuts than the amount of times I've left my house this year
My youtube is all fucked up. this video is all just a bunch of horizontal colored lines. wtf..
He has the prime length for a beard
where are your fingers
Science daddy is back!
Guys, it's too late. Michael has mastered the power of teleportation.
its big brain time
*Trust billionaires like Bill Gates guys, they definitely have the best interests in mind. Trust them blindly, it'll be amazing.*
Dude wtf I was just watching the last vid and this one popped up
Mind
This is way better than sleep
Wake up babe new Vsauce video
Early to the king!
5:29 andddd you lost me. Later
its a miracle he is uploading
Vsauce has no beginning, Vsauce has no end, vsauce is infinite, Millions of years after our civilization has been eradicated and forgotten, vsauce will endure, the pinnacle of evolution and existence, we are but foolish insects against the lord, we touch vsauce's mind, fumbling in ignorance..
Vsauce and Dr. Jordan Peterson should team up
Hell yeah! New video!!!
Hey, Vsauce, wet lump of fat and protein here
Jesus. Loves You
#RestoreTheSnyderVerse
So glad your making videos again
Thank you for appearing once again for 30 minutes of wisdom. You are truly the greatest YouTuber of the 2013 era and I'm excited to watch the video  :))
The quality of this content is immense.  Thank you
Techno sapiens !!! Not Homo sapiens anymore...
aw hell nah vsauce is sus!!!
This guy needs to be my teacher
* upload 2 mins ago* "oh wow maybe I can get a first comment on a Vsauce video!" * 2000 comments* "oh my..."
Woah a Vsauce video? What year is it? 2014?
The return of the king
I cant wait for the out of context compilations...
Orange huice
More frequent uploads?
This guy takes so long to upload but it’s worth it everytime, and you can rewatch the video multiple times and learn something new from each rewatch
Man came back for a Bill Gates ad
Vsauce Vsauce Vsauce my lord
When you have learned more from Vsauce than your teacher
3 months late
If you say “Vsauce finally remembered his password” don’t because thousands of people said that
every video you upload makes god question reality more and more
The Return of the King: Part 2
Is vsauce a philosopher?
microsoft is one of the biggest user of electricity seems ood that he sponsor a show to find a way to reduce our carbon print
Uploaded the same day Micheal Collins died. Coincidences are neat.
God we missed you
Finally!
I actually said "oohh shit" when I saw a new Vsauce upload 😅
oh yes
YYYYYYYYYES!
If you want to know how the shot at 2:57 is done, check out the video about Tilt-Shift Lenses by ThioJoe.
THE FULL SIZE VIDEOS ARE BACK LETS GOOOO
wtf this video was posted 7 minutes ago and it has 30k views??
None of us have finished the video yet
why now when im sleppy and whant to go to bed
As long as there is money, there will be caste, and our collective advancement will leave more and more people behind in the mud.
God damn it. I love that gay.
Woo! The sauce is back!
Vsauce is like that uncle that comes over to family events to drop some wisdom on you
YAY! 😁
Finally uploaded lol
Vsauce is great im just upset the smooth trademark music is gone.
In a partnership w gates? Bye.
'Billy' Eduard Albert Meier (BEAM)
After finishing the video I wanted to click Like but I found it blue already, my mind did it.
Hey MichaelSauce, V here
Hi Michael. Hope you doing alright.
holy shit he's back!
The Return of the King
Great vid! See you next year!
Vsause has uploaded This is epic
Why the fuck would you collaborate with Bill Gates. 4444444444?????
Last time i was this early... Micheal was an unshaved nun with katy perry... So, Math is related to science...
Vsauce your by far my favorite YouTuber
Pin me. Meong!
"This video was created in partnership with Bill Gates and was inspired by his new book “How to Avoid a Climate Disaster" LMAO. All I need to know, no thanks!
omfg micheal youre so random
new vsauce video? time to get baked out of my mind
Omg a real episode!
I'm saving this one as a reward for finishing my finals
VSAUCE!!!!!!!!!!!!
can't wait to come back to rewatch this video in 3 years time, like I always do with vsauce videos. Hello future me
5:45 it-it's been so long since I've heard it. It's so... beautiful.
BIG VSAUCE UPLOAD LETS GOO
Holy crap 3 uploads in a year?
This is lame
Finally, a regular video from Vsauce!
why isnt this video on your channel page
That beard just threw me off for a second
oops, forgot to turn on notifs
He has returned.
Where is your mind?
You ok babe? I didn’t see you watching the new vsauce video
:0
Nooo the brain is a bag of fats with electricity without wires
Waiting for a Vsauce video is like waiting for Christmas as a kid, its so exciting but then it ends and your like, *what now?*
HES BACK
Baased
first
this is actually a stand up routine but he's so smart we dont get the jokes. that's why there's a brick wall behind him.
This is happiness.     *Or is it?*   Hapiness is a sense of well-being, joy, or contentment,...
End of reasoning, carnage and pain, a feral sense of dominance as all the blood  melts into the rain, a clash of history, in blood sweat and tears, this war will cause our world to change, and will be remembered through the years.
Hi
Today is a good day
So excited to wait another year for a new video
Thank you very much. I really enjoy this video.
The “climate disaster” narrative is bullshit.   The earth is fine. It was here for 4.5 billion years before us, the climate has been changing for the entirety of those 4.5 billion years, and it’s not going to stop now. CHANGE IS NORMAL. Implementing stupid taxes or “green” initiatives are complete bullshit.
My whole childhood is this man
Not only do we get a new vsauce video, but it's 30 minutes! Micheal is awesome
LETS GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO00000000000000OOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
New Vsauce and JonTron videos in the same week!?!!!?!? It’s not even Christmas!!
much needed.
Please do a video on why we need to release zero greenhouse gases.
Saw the titel and clicked instantly
Vsauce for president
when vsauce uploads you know its a good day
😀
A NEW VIDEO YO
vsause ur so hot
It would be so awesome to just sit with vsauce and have a really long conversation.
VSAUCE IS BACK BOIS Edit: and his beard is too!
i love you viisaus
babe get up new vsauce video
I swear every video he makes he always says "or is it?"
Fun fact: ur watching the comment section and every decision in ur life made u to look at THIS specific comment.
I have never been so early to a Vsauce video
Finally, the moment we've all been sat waiting for... Hey! Vsauce
He's back!
New Jontron And new Vsauce in a week, yes pleas
5 mins and 2.2k comments and the video is 30min long! 😂 I'm gonna return here after watching the video
First time I’ve been early to a Vsauce video
V! Hey-Mike, Saucael here
We actually know that intelligence exists beyond earth. Atleast beyond this version. Dmt proves that
VSUACE UPLOADED YEAY
I couldn't believe my eyes
Vsalsa Miguel
public event
time to go down the rabbit hole again, surprising every time
I guess I won’t be going to sleep for 30 minutes more
finally!!...thanks
TLDR of this video: We live in a society
Michael making big moves with big billy gates
Read Deleuze and Guattari
YEEEEEEEEEESSSSS UPLOAD TIME
Reasoning.
Can’t wait for the next video in 9 months
Every time Micheal says “or is it” God has to rewrite time.
Where is michael?
do you prefer the constant medium-sized 2010s videos of Vsauce, or the rare and  long modern  ones?
INSTANT CLICK!!!
Banjo Fish!
HE'S BACK  or   IS HE.
New Vsauce     New Vsauce
finally you posted
I just woke up  its 4 o' clock
Im outta my mind? Damn i lost it
This derailed quickly
YO THIS DAY KEEPS GETTING BETTER AND BETTER
In the future, there is no reason... only chrome... FUTUREEEEEEEE
Yayyyy Vsauce! Guys come learn something 😎💯
Im Going to bed now but tomorrow I will wake up and be happy That i got a Good (unwatched) Video. Thank you michael :-) Good Night
definetely not first
I was here
I've never been this early to a Vsauce video
Finally Michael!!!!
EARLY GANG
No one:   Vsauce: brain is fat blob of tofu
You are epic micheal
Holy Shit.
“Where is your mind”   *starts foaming from mouth
This video posted 2 minutes ago. None of us have finished this video yet……or have we? 🤨
The Future of Reasoning
This man needs a Nobel prize for something
finallyy
.ereh leahcim !esuasV yeH
This channel is one of the best things on Youtube
I feel like this was inspired by antivaxers and flat earthers
I just sat down with pizza and vsauce uploaded!!!
YOO
AYYY, it's a new vsauce video
King of the nerds is back.
It's always a treat to see a new Vsauce video
hey vsauce what is
early pog!
awawa
With my last exam of undergraduate on Friday, this video  both  helps and hurts me. Love you Michael
10 seconds into the video  and I'm already looking for my mind
2300th comment on a vsauce vid
"Hey Vsauce, Michael here" Literally every time I hear that I get so excited
Ea
HI MICHEAL I MISSED U BBY
*Y              E               S*
MUM! MICHAEL POSTED!
Those molecules do be partying hard though
vsauce's yearly upload finally les gooooo
We all have be waiting for u
Idk
The return of the king
Just watched the whole thing. Just now. Great vid.
where is my mind where is my mind oooooooooooooooooooooooo
Michael!! So glad to see you
It's not every day that Vsauce uploads, but when they do, it's always mind blowing.   _Or is it?_
dumb question Michael its obviously way out in the water.
I got the notification at exactly 3.33 am,  Coincidence?
he back
“Hey Vsauce! Michael here. Where is the body?”
He's back
Vsauce videos have become like a phenomenon.
30m video? Lets goooooooo
So glad he's back! Excited for the new videos
He remembered the password!
Gonna save this one for the next decade
Uuuuuuuuuuuu a vsauce videooooo. But it is too late right now. I'll watch it tomorrow
Vsauce is like a solar eclipse. Happens rarely, but when it does its amazing
You love to see an upload notification from VSauce
Jon and Michael posting back to back?  I must be dreaming!
Lol
pretend I said something funny
Vsauce is like a drink on a summer day, the best thing in the world.
his beard is back
wake up babe, new vsauce video is out
•-•
FINALLY!!!!
We love Mike❣️ If you dont then Ignore
Why the music gotta be so creepy? What happened to the classic vsauce upbeat ambience
Vsause is our lord
"Hey Vsauce, Michael here" I never get tired of hearing that.
Hey vsauce, Michael here!
Hi Vsauce! Stranger here.
Unintentional Pixies reference?
I'm here for the knowledge.
He's Back!!
Lesssss gooooo
The legend of the YouTube: Vsauce
Covid really gave us time to think about our current lives didn't it
I’m actually early to a vsause video! Or am I?    *Vsause music plays*
Before: where are your fingers  Now: where is your mind
Here before the hundred thousand view mark wtf
HUMANITY RESTORED
ah yes 30 minutes of brain blowing knowledge
*Man, I am having some seriously depressing thoughts about my lack of individuality as a human. I really need to distract myself. Good thing Vsauce has a new video*  Michael: Or is it?
Damso + Vsauce
Veesos
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉ'ˢᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢ
🗿
the gaming gaming
2:58 dancing molecules
Wow, we commenting before watching the video?
The man himself
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉ'ˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ COᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢ
Here in the fiRsT fOuR miNuTeS
Me reasoning the fact that I should watch Vsauce at 1am in the Morning when I should be going to sleep...
Yay you are back
*17K views in 3 minutes*
the geniusest genius we all know is bacc
He has arrived and boy are we glad
AAAAAAAAAA VSAUCE
Obligatory "The return of the King"-comment
Was just watching another Vsauce video and then you upload more 👌
HEY.         ......or is it?
Oh
Fish
babe wake up new vsauce
When the world needed him the most, he returns
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡIᵏᵉ'ˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒM,ᵐᵉⁿᵗ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢ
Yay! Half an hour of bearded out-of-context man!
there is no reasoning
Our god is back in not short videos form
Michael 2013 : where are your finger? Michael 2021 : where is your mind? Michael 2028 : where are you?
I was watching video about psychedelics, and this came.
Michael here to educate me again
No Moonmen by Jack Chudnow at 1:57 :(  Edit: nvm 5:48 pleased me
hello
Noice
5 minuets into these videos I feel like I've learned enough from a 40 minuet one then I see 20 more minutes left
Faster than the notification !!!
Hey, Vsause..! Leon here..!   Or am I..?   Where IS "here"..?   Well, "here" is at my home studio where I host a podcast called "Podcast Infinity".   And there's always an open invitation for Michael to come on as a guest..! 😏
The fact that our brains are just squishy lumps means our brains are similar to avocados in a way
This guy is a 5Head
*hey vsause Michael here*
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦKᵉ'ˢ ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢ
AYO VSAUCE BANGER TIME
Ok, this is epic
Last
I love how Vsauce just disappears, drops a banger vid, and disappears again.
Yee wins.
I’m sorry Michael but.. 30 minutes? What happened to your nice short interesting videos back in the day? Too long.
this can't be...
Finally!!!!
E
HES BACK..HES FINALLY BACK
Ok, this is epic
HEY VSAUCE, piss.
He remembered his channel password
the ending is so good
I like the thumbnail. Where did you find it?
Michael is smoking crack again, good to see him
Vsauce is like a solar eclipse: It doesn't happen often, but when it does, you knows it's going to be special!
3 minutes this has been up when writing this and there are 1.9 K comments, crazy
WHERE IS MY MIND WHERE IS MY MIND WHEEEEEEERE IS MY MIND
Call me an A+ student cuz I came to class EARLY!!
LETS GOOOOOO
AND THE LEGEND IS BACK
Ok, this is epic
first time im early
70 comments, 4 views, 491 likes. Hell yeah, YouTube.
We’re all out here waiting for the classic “Or is it?” and the classic Vsauce music starting to play.
When the world needed him most, he returned
Being verified = likes and recognition even though they don’t even know them   Haha verified mark likes goes brrrrrrrr
i enjoy when they’re are long videos, because i know i won’t see a new one for a while.
ANOTHER VSAUCE VIDEO LETS GOOOO
existential crisis time <<3
Ah, embodied cognition
how does he not run out of ideas with all the vague topics he covers?
Ok, this is epic
This is just what I needed for today thank you vsauce
I WAS HERE POG
Well Hello
Using this 30 minutes and 2 seconds not to do my homework but to watch something that I’ll probably learn more from
Vsauce just comes out of nowhere and makes a random video
Michael is a hero: he only comes when we need him the most
how does he not run out of ideas with all the vague topics he covers?
lol
I love when vsauce posts :)
Return of the king
Yee a vsauce vid
Seeing Vsauce upload is like winning the lottery, the odds are low but it's great to see that happen.
"Uploaded 3 minutes ago" I feel like I've won the lottery
how does he not run out of ideas with all the vague topics he covers?
Daddy
You haven't even see the whole video ¬. ¬
The left will be doomed
Each strand of his beard is 1 iq point for him
30 minutes of bliss!
I like Vsauce I don’t like Bill Gates
he's back
Reason is overrated
how does he not run out of ideas with all the vague topics he covers?
Yay, i missed you ^^
the industrial revolution and its consequences
W e   l i v e   i n   a   s o c i e t y   B)
Well, this is a pleasant surprise.
Vsauce is like a solar eclipse  He doesn't upload often, but when he does it's special
Vsauce: Where is your nose!
he has returned
*sees Vsauce notification*   “...daddy’s home” *wipes tear*
Love it when vsauce posts a video!!!!
I wish VSauce uploaded as much as previously
I sensed this "or is it" coming, man, but still... Chills!
3:00 prom in a nutshell
Return of the king.         Or is it?
Hello everyone this is your daily dose of existansial crysis
3min ago!!
3 minutes and 15 thousand views already
Disappointing to see an actually good channel supporting a con man
In todays episode of 'Michael tricks humanity into becoming a Gestalt Conciousness'
Think there will ever be an era when the internet isn't used anymore?
Weird, I had a feeling there was a V Sauce video enroute this eve
OP
I’m so excited for this
Ah yes, Vsauce, just how I like him to be.
Already exited for the memes
The return of the king
W
holy shit I'm early
1:26 “a frantic blur of flesh and concrete” would be a dope sci fi dystopian book title
The legend is back
big vsauce comeback moment
Sheessshh
He returns
Finally another video
Yo, ik this has nothing to do with the video, but can we have a moment of silence for Ristas who died today?
13k views 3 minutes club
When we needed him the most, he returned
Yeah right transportation , the thing I miss the most
Consciousness is so weird--my entire personality is just some weird story a few billion cells tell themselves to help them survive moment-to-moment.
2 thousand comments in two minutes
0:36 My brain is really like a blob of tofu : I drink orange juice and brushed my teeth after and it tastes just fine
Wait im early to a vsauce video what
mmmmmm yessss
YES WE NEEDED YOU
THE SAUCE
Time for my monthly dose of existential dread
vsauce upload vsauce upload
I wish Michael would have put some random object in the pile of things to use for your mind, but sadly he didn't
hi
Fastest click in my life.. i cant believe its 30 mins long what a pleasent surprise
Thank you vsauce for posting still don't forget about us!
Vsauce taught me more than school
Always waiting for the, “or is it?” in every statement you make... it never gets old
See yall next year
Finally michael remember his password.
Woo hoo! My favorite YouTube uploaded.
V sauce posts.  2 min later I'm here
Hey MeSauce! Vichael here.
Last time I was this early, my local priest was accused of child abuse. Anyway a new Vsauce video yessss
wake up honey, michael's here
Early gang
LES GO
daily reminder: your brain helps you remember
Finally not a #Shorts, great video (even though I haven't watched it all)
*return of the king*
He's back!
It's uploaded for 1 minute and it has 1.6k comments...
Bruh I thought this was a video from years ago lmao
Yay!
Vsauce music didn’t play at 1:56, :(
When the world needed him the most, he returned
Finally
“Or is it?”
NO WAY IT'S 1 AM AND VSAUCE DROPS A 30 MINUTES LONG VID
Howdy
its a good day when vsauce uploads
Ah, hello Michael. It’s been a bit.
I have never clicked so fast
I did not expect it, but I won't complain, and I'll enjoy it uwu
YES, FINALLY, YES. I'll finish, studying, go to sleep, go to school, and when I return I'll enjoy the best 30 minutes of the week
Hi
The moment that Michael uploads it is rumoured that, at that given instant, the whole world feels a sense of instant and unlimited knowledge that is unexplainable by any scientific research, but thanks to this there has and will be many great discoveries due to this knowledge Or will there?
woah im early
He has returned. My brain experiences joy.
Vsauce then: where are your fingers?  Vsauce now: where is your mind?   He hasn't changed one bit, I like it
Hey, Vsauce. Michael here. Where is your mother? According to statistics, there is a 99.456% chance that I am loving her right now.
return of the king
Hes alive!
I like how we all came here in 0.0000001 seconds after Vsauce uploaded.
Hey man! So good you are back!
oooooooooo
Right when i though my day couldn't go any better
Let’s gooooo, not a year between uploads
I swear to god he is the guy who played plague inc at Area 51.
This guy is the einstein of this era
Yes
reply to this if you’re gay
The GOAT has returned
He's back!
Yooo big epic
Ohhh a full length VSauce video!!
1:50 when the sauce music doesn’t play.
Let’s go!
Last time I was this early to a vsauce video settlers were just arriving to America
Bout of depression and dysphoria cured by Vsauce.
eat words
Wish I could watch this right now but I gotta study for finals dammit.
1867th LOLOLOLOLO XDDD B)))))
New JonTron and VSAUCE videos am I dreaming
Hi
Ashamed to say the intro REALLY scared me
First Impressions: Hey we have the same chair!
Vsauce I am in love with you.. please come home the kids miss you..
All I can say is india car drip
LET'S FUCKING GOOOOOO
Yup I can confirm that my brain is in fact a wet lump of fat and protein🙂
Babe wake up, new Vsauce video dropped.
videos like this make me real live when life was better around 2016
Welcome back Michael!
Reasoning is more common in women so that's why they live longer than men
New Vsauce video, big W. Will watch after my linguistics presentation.
bill gates is one of the biggest POS he literally pressured Stanford to make their vaccine closed source and exclusive to a company he has major shares in you should work with him again.
It's been 3 months.
Cool
We're just brain pilots operating a meat mech suit.
Im greatly honored to be the 10,626th view
Yes! A Vsauce video, finally got his password back. Now, if only it wasn't during my finals
I skipped to the end of the video to say I finished it first..
Saw this and thought it was an old vid I'd never watched, then I saw the "2 minutes ago" And now I'm happy
1809th pog
How is he so revolutionary bro
Time to have my brain fried again
1am here.. you love to see it
He’s back bois
here before the 1 million views 💚🧡❤
finally a new video from Vsauce!
I felt a sudden urge to go on youtube The universe told me Vsause just uploaded
Michael in the begining for the video  🧠🗡️🔫🧠
So happy to have another video!
I needed this
Ahhh!!
Michael is one of the greatest content creators to EVER exist on the internet, PERIOD..!
Thank you cumsauce, more cummiez please
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ Wʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉ' ᵗʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐMᵉⁿᵗ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢ
oh MY GOD! VSAUCE SENPAI
no way, I'm not watching this video 2 months after the uploading date
I’m waiting for him to say one day, “Hey Vsauce, Micheal here. What is your social?”
Hey, Micheal! VSauce here!
Vsauce: the word orange is a word...............or is it?
intresting
i have never clicked so fast
Hi bscause
God damn more confusing me about where my body parts are
The man is back
Sup lads
Hey guys, See you in 6 months.
I'm finally early to a Vsauce upload, its an honor lol
Man I missed u
Vsauce
Nobody: Me at 3am:
he actually fucking came back
Thanks I needed some sauce with my sandwiches
This some nice sauce
LESGOOO
now this is epic
OUR KING IS BACK LONG LIVE THE KING
You have no idea what this comment was before
Nobody: Vsauce every 6 months: Ah so that's the password
yay hes back i was needing my pointless sience binge
Quality over Quantity, ladies and gentlemen.
THE RETURN OF THE KING
“Hey Vesauce Michel here”.It’s like music to my ears 😌
I could not be happier to see Michael upload 🥲
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵉᵛᵉʳYrⁿᵉ ʷʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉ'ˢ ᵗlTʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢ
I love reasons!
VSAUCE BDBDBDK RISNHELSNFLD
Vsus
<3
Yo Mizkif                               lol bald
idk, im losing my mind 24/7
I was about to go to sleep but this is more important.
I don't really have a reason to watch this video, besides its by Vsauce.
1 decade 1 way of editing Vsauce videos.
Michael, where have you been 😭
Wanna see the most illegal thing I own?   Wsauce
E
Big fan ❤❤
Even if its midnight, a vsauce video is always welcomed
never switched to a yt vid so quickly
I’d say the return of the king but we all know he wasn’t leaving us
Vsauce is a gem of the internet we must always cherish and never take for granted
That was pretty good timing, Michael. I was literally just watching a TikTok making fun of you
It’s about time, my vsauce addiction has been going crazy.
its gonna be a good day
Where is my mind?? Wayyyy out, in the water. See it swimmin'!
Not even 5 seconds into the video and I'm already faced with an existential crisis
The Return of The King
Op
I can't believe I'm this early on a vsauce video
ᴵ'ᵐ ˢᵘᵇᵇᶦⁿᵍ ᵉᵛᵉʳʸᵒⁿᵉ Wʰᵒ ˡᶦᵏᵉ'ˢ Tʰᶦˢ ᶜᵒᵐᵐᵉⁿᵗ ᵃⁿᵈ ˢᵘᵇˢ
This is gonna be good.
honey wake up, new vsauce video
The king is back
HES BACK BOYYYYS
The God is back!!!!
Where is your Vsauce!
When the world needed hi- SHUT UP!!!
Damn, its 00:00, i wanna sleep, but i have zo watch this
Where is your mind :  In the middle of the universe bro and in every corner too...huh
The day finally came
More surprised than the Roman soldiers that firstly saw Jesus respawn after 3 days
Vsauce: Where is Your Mind?  Way out in the water see it swimming
MICHAEL IS HERE BOYS
_Hey Vsauce, Micheal here,_ How many newtons of force does it take to crush a man's balls? *Do you want to find out?*
Beard Nye returns!
[insert return of the king comment]
It's time for another episode of: How will you get an existential crisis? In this episode: Vsauce
Holy what. It happened. He did the thing guys!
THE RETURN OF THE KING
Kinda early
This is the first Vsauce video that I actually was able to watch just as it was uploaded. Weird.
Nearly fainted seeing “Vsauce uploaded a new video.” 🥺  Today will be a good day 🥲
Hey wakeup, it's 2015, Vsauce just uploaded
Never clicked so fast
dude
Thank you
Return of the king
Oh yes
I was just going to go to sleep but then Vsauce published a new video and I just couldn’t wait until the morning.
The legend has returned.     Or has he ? *funky music plays*
VSAUCE I LOVE IT'S SAUCINESSS...  Edit: never clicked so fast.
Oh yes another deep thinking and existential crysis before sleep, awesome
First!!!!!       or am i??? actually, no i am not, now lets talk about why humans exist
HEY MICAHEL, VSAUCE HERE!
His reasoning: complicated cool stuffs my reasoning: where are my fingers?
i’ll see you guys when this gets recommended 12 years from now
YES NEW VSAUCE VID!!!
Surely the YouTube goat?
salad
It's actually real
Finally a new vsauce
ITS TIIIIIIME!!!
Where is my mind? My mind wants answers!
türkler beğensin
this is very pog seeing him upload
Oooh a new video !!!
The master has returned!
F1rst
noti gang
Hey vsauce
Been awhile...
i lovevieo you micahghefal
this is so deep and it just got uploaded a minute ago.
I was just about to go to sleep, but this takes priority
hey vsauce how fast can you R̵̨͙͈͚͛̉̾͗́̊͘͠Ű̴̧̧̟͇̺͙̲̥̤̥̙̱͖͊̀̂̔́͑͒̈́̈́̍̅̀́̚N̸̢̡͍̰̳͚͈̜̉̓̉͌̆̀̈̋̎̀͝?
My mind doesn't exist
There are two things that age well--Wine and Vsauce's videos.
Damn vsauce is thiccc
That thumbnail lookin mad cool
in before
omg
yooo
yo he upload again??
I've never watched a video so close to its upload time before... I'm so happy it was a Vsauce video!
Comment for the algorithm.
New Vsauce? Time to toke up and think about life, gentlemen
What a treat!
Hey vsause! Michele here.
he’s not insane anymore
👏 👏 👏
Da baby
Omfg
Yeaaaaaa baby, that's what I've been waiting for
OH GOD IT’S HAPPENING!
New knowledge just dropped
Hey, Vsauce! Michael here.   Every moment you’re not running, I’m getting closer.
Vsauce uplouads video me: happiness noise
pee sauce
Shalom
Hey Micheal 😘😳😍
Fact: if you say fact people will read your comment
Yessir
I prefer my brain made out of meat. Not a fan of Tofu
One minute = one thousand comments. How is it possible?
I do a double take every time I see vsauce In my notifications, it just seems too good to be true.
Its been a while Vsauce what's up man.
Don't let dad mess you up!
VSAUCE MICHAEL HERE LETS GOO EARLY 1 MINUTE GANG
Vsauce: Strangely appearing at the start of videos since 2010
Tofu brain gang
we meet again at last
at this point the uploads have gotten so rare that every time michael posts it's like a holiday 🙌🏻
The fastest clicc in the West
big
You made my day by uploading. Thanks sauceman
You know it's a good day when Vsause uploads
Vsauce is officially back!
Babe wake up, Vsauce just uploaded a new video
1 minute ago: 1.2k comments Huh.
that new vsauce dropped
It's a Historical moment when Vsauce uploads
I am simple man. I see a notification from Vsauce I click.
early gang wya
In 2030 we will be watching 3 hours documentaries from Michael.
Vsauce: Uploads a Video. Me: „Finally inner piece“
hey vsauce!!
The Pixies reference?
Very insightful video Micheal. I enjoy.
My mind is somewhere dont know why you're asking but ye its so.mewhere
been waiting for "Vsauce, Michael here" for a while
I couldn't believe the notification I just got
48 seconds ago, 53 views and 2.2K likes and 908 comments.... looks like YouTubes drunk again
hi, vsauce plz coloborate with academic researchers like veritasium
HE IS BACK
Am I hallucinating? A VSauce episode?  Someone recalled their YouTube password.
premature ideaculation
Welcome home,Mike.
Woaaaaaaaaaah. 1 minute ago.
lol i luv vsauce
Mind officially blown
Lol
sausage
Dropped everything to watch this
He's back!
Here before the million viewers
vsus
when vsauce uploads a 30 minute video after 3 months u know its gonna be good
Loving the red brick background
Wooo
bill gates is a fascist who believes in eugenics
can it be? a new vsauce video?
Mind is huge, but its imaginations/perceptions are INFINTE.
Theres alot of and :)
Party game*: take a shot every time Vsauce uploads       *If you want everyone to be sober
This is the first VSauce video I’ve since subscribing to him like half a year ago, lets goooooo
Oh yeah, hit me with that existential crisis, Michael! It is DEFINITELY what I need right now.
Father🌚
Im early
Nvm ;-;
*opens eyes to see Michael standing by your bed "hey, Vsauce, Michael here. How fast can you run?"
Where are you OwO
Jesus 4 views and 400 comments
First my fingers, now my mind? Soon we’ll lose it all
No way the king is back
Return of a king...                                   Or is it?
You bring up alot of 'reasonable points
Michael appears in your mind to teach you about reasoning
VSAUCE FANSSS🇨🇱🏴‍☠️
Pog new vsauce video!
YAY
That fancy intro tho
Pog
Hey another awesome long video!!!
HES BACK AGAIN!!!!! WOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO 🥰
yayyyyy new Vsauce video
Vsauce: explaining stuff Me:aha......what?
Hell Yeah
Yess!! A new few video 🤩🤩
>Vsauce uploaded 9 seconds ago >WOKE
How are there 82 comments already and im unable to see any of them
I'm so glad I'm high for this moment. Thank you Michael, as always.
Epic
Nice
fun fact:no one finish the video until 30 minutes after this video been uploaded
Never clicked anything so fast!
damn, 1 minute and almost over 1000 comments  this community is something else!
Read about islam and what it says about mind / heart
Michael I'm not going mind meld with you stop.
Bold of you to assume I have a brain
vsauce. the man. the myth. the legend
Pogg, mind go BOOM
Here!
We need your content more than ever Michael
The return of the king
yyeess
yeeeeeeeeeees!
HE’S BACK
i was worried vsauce michael wasnt gonna be here, thank god
This video really pleases my wet blob of tofu 😁
Let's see how long it takes until Michael gets off topic lol
51 views. 52 seconds ago. 5:53pm.
Happiness is when Michael upload a new video
a new vsauce always feels like a grand event that cannot be missed
🎶 In my mind in my head this is we where we all came from 🎶
yees
I missed these kind of videos
Oh boy I can't wait to see what new existential dilemma I get from the new Vsauce video
I was just looking up vsauce videos and i got the notification for this
0:40 im a wet lump of fat and protein 💛
really missed these, thanks michael!
I’m so glad you’re making videos more often now 😫
CSAUCE VIDE
Oh God a full Vsauce video! Finally!
1622th
He remembered the password!
YES
Where is my mind? Ask the Pixies
Appreciate this video guys it took him 3 months to make!
the return of the king
Make a video about music
VSAUCE HAS RETURNED
Beautiful
It’s simple, Vsauce posts a new video, i hit like 👍
I mean, I guess I'm going to bed late tonight...
I’ve never gotten to a Vsauce vid this early, hi mr vsauce, hope youre well
So, this is first big video for a long time? Yay
What a madlad
It is a good day when vsauce uploads.
Ok made my night
Were about to get deep.
Last time I was this early, the past was still the future
glad to be here again
VSAUSE HAS RETURNED
Thank you mike steve
I'm a simple man. I see Vsauce notification, I drop whatever I'm doing.
There was a past?
Dayum seeing vsauce upload is so rare i gasped
I love whoever likes this comment, let’s see how many people i like?
Yay another Vsauce video. Like a rare treat.
Woah, Vsauce, is actually here
Vsauce comment on my comment
6th
I wish you'd post more often but ik these videos take a while to make and you have other things to do
4 views, 332 comments  This is the biggest difference between view count and comments ive ever seen
Vsauce giving me an existential crisis at 1 am
No one: Vsauce: *w h e r e   i s   u r   m i n d*
Hey it’s vsauce
grrrrr
Hey Vsauce! Joseph here- I just wanted to say I love watching your content, and waiting for another video is painful, thanks for all the laughs and the info you’ve given me!
21 seconds in lol
damn im early
wOW
Hi
I’m
I’m so happy :) thanks for the upload
Its good to be Soooooo early , how's it been mike
YOOOOOO VSAUCE UPLOADED
I came here to check if V Sauce uploaded lately,and he just uploaded.
The return of the king
Hello world
Hey Michael, Sir_Eggz here.
Finally a FULL video
First time I’ve watched a vsauce video without there being millions of views already
Wow. So empty.
I could drop out of school and still learn more by watching this guy lol
Return of the king
HES BACK
Hey Michael, Vsauce here.
Vsauce is by far and away the BEST youtuber.  Nobody comes close to his level of quality content.
Hey Michael. It's Vsauce here!
This topic is pretty interesting!
The transitions are great!
Cmon 🔥🔥🔥
See you all in 3 months
Vsauce: An entire episode of brain snacks
Sus
“Where is your mind?” Well Michael, I sure hope that you tell me that.
89  1  1      1.	Steinway Piano 2	 	3	      11  0  3  145
Earliest I've ever been to vsauce
hey, vsauce, michael here, or am i?
OMG THIS IS NOT HAPPENING A 30 MINUTE VSAUCE VIDEO IN 2021
WOOOOO, YEAAAH BABY. THATS WHAT IVE BEEN WAITING FOR. THATS WHAT ITS ALL ABOUT, WOOOOOOO!
&Hong hoc go ez u ez la GL hi
cant read comments
Less than a minute in and I am already questioning myself
truly glad to see a v sauce video
Vsauce is baack everybody 😂🔥
HEY! VSAUCE MICHAEL HERE, BACK FROM 3 MONTHS LOL
My goal is to be the last viewer of this video
I never click notifications but when it’s a VSauce video I click at an ungodly speed
He’s the reason I question everything
The beard is back
Wow Michael! Video! I like it!
Woh
Mate, I got a philosophy class starting in 5 minutes. I don't have time to watch a 30-minute video.  Or do I?
YOOOOOOO LETS GOOOOOOO
Feels good to hear that "Hey, Vsauce, Michael here."
Well watch this 30 minutes I'll post this comment.  Cause I love this channel.
Wait you still post videos????
43 second's and 549 comments!!
I literally didn't realise how much I missed you until I saw that you uploaded
Oh good god it’s this nerd again
Another Vsauce video? Is that a real thing?
Who else got jumpscared when Vsauce appeared
love your videos bro
Lets gooo, new Vsauce
Hello
Long have I waited
HE IS BACK
where are your tendies?
Hii
Hey vsauce, I’m here....  Or am I?
Vsauce is the definition of "quality over quantity"
Ok
4 views, 13 comments, and 98 likes. What are you doing yt?
love you Vsauce
Finally a reason to live
The king is back
The future of vsauce?
OMG first?
The most unexpected upload I've seen in over a year
The king is back
early
HES BACK!
Return of the king
Holly shit holly shit holly shit thank you Michael
4 views, 2k likes, 600 comments..WTF
I love you Michael
I don't know where my mind is michael
First !!!!! 1 minute ago !
wow, new Vsauce vid!
Hey, Vsauce! Chair here. Where are your wheels?
Well, this is gonna be a fun 30 minutes
HM!
I'm early to this Vsauce video!        ...or am I?
Hey! Vsauce
ayo Vsauce VID POG
“Hun, Vsauce posted a new video.”
Yoooo I’m first
Vsoz!
He's back ladies and gentlemen.
my mind is about to fly out of my head
woah
Dude I thought you never gonna come back
AAAAnd he’s back…
It’s a good day when I see a Vsauce video in my subscriptions
Hey Michael ;) It's been a while.
I am so early I can't believe this 😭😭😭
I clicked right away!! Thx 😆 you made my day
how are you teleporting stuff in your hands mr sauce
didn't expect to be so early for a Vsause video
New video!!!! Lets go!!!!
First and last if time is relative
Welcome back! 🙌
First
Hey Vsause Michael here
Omg
First
4 views, 400 comments, coincidence? I think not
Hey Michael! Vsauce here
I'm a simple man. I see Vsause video, and I click.
the second coming of vsauce
2nd
“Where’s your mind“ Jeez I wish I knew the answer to that question
Ello early person
Yeah and brain make *monke*
Within a minute of uploading there’s already 500+ comments. Man, we love michael
wahoooo
it’s a good day when the notification hits
When we needed him the must, he returned
i’m a simple man, isee a Vsauce video, i click
I’ve never clicked on a video so fast
wow
A NEW VIDEO??!/?/?/?:
Jontron and vsauce uploaded in the same week just wow
Круто, минута!
At last!
Finally an actual post!
Hey! Vsauce! Michael here
Notification squad where you at ?
I thought this day would never come
2nd
<funny joke here>
this is my quarantine binge channel lol
Why did I even click on this video? What made me think” I wanna watch Vsause right now”?
4 views and 1000 likes? makes sense
I reason that this is a good video
Absolutely bonkers
i lost my mind i forgot where is went
Yoooooooo
The future of reasoning is.....              Nonexistent!
Was up Michael
LOVE U
We love you vsauce!
The legend has returned
Never clicked so fast in my life
Micheal Vsauce Here
Let’s gooo, a upload, thank god it’s at 1 am so I will haunt me during my sleep
oh mi god. mind blowng
A 30 min Vsauce video?! And with a normal beard? Almost can’t believe it 😯
The return of Chri— I mean Michael Stevens
Hi
Michael is our collective dad and noone can dispute it
My guy is back
First?
Hey Michael, Vsauce here
Can’t wait for the next great Video
finally a new vsauce video :D
*:D*
First
Nice.
When the world needed him most, he returned
Vsauce upload
the legend is back
Time for a new Existential Crisis  Thanks Vsause
Today Michael explains all 13 reasons why
Exactly what I needed to watch at 12am
4 views, 345 likes and 47 comments 🤪
The king has came to take his throne
ah yes, a refresher of, “Where are your fingers?” “Where is your mind?”
Hey Michael, Angus here!
Vsauce
legend
If were talking about reason, what is a reason for me to be alive
yo i’m early
I’m not the first on the comments 🙂
I'm too high for this but I'll watch anyway
Vasudev is finally fully back
Brain
Vine tan rápido como pude :v ¡Hola Michael!
oh my god I updated the home page out of boredom AND A NEW VSAUCE VIDEO!?
I was just looking for an interesting video to watch, when you uploaded this. Thanks!
Room-temperature water tastes warm, but room-temperature food tastes cold
Yoww
E
443 comments already?  Oof now there's 1300...
cant wait for my next existential crisis <3
Conciousnessss
I was having a bad day and you’ve just fix it Michael, love your videos they make my life
NEW VIDEO LET'S GOOO
YESSSSS!!!!!!
The time has come
WE LOVE YOU MICHAEL
That's nice, I was casually watching old videos like always. Thanks for what you do for us
When you're so early you cant think of a comment for Vsauce to like.
VSauce, The Pixies here. Where is my mind?
Definition of Quality over Quantity
I guess Michael is the new Sauce Boss.
Hi Vsauce hope you're doing well :D
He's really flexing his demigod telepathic powers on us
god blessed this day
Good old
king is back
second?
daddy vsauce is here
Too lateeee
just because i’m not first doesn’t mean i’m not the best
been nonstop watching vsauce until this very moment
been waiting fo this one
HES BACK!!!
best channel of all time
⚡️🧠🌈
who’s heart dropped seeing a notification from V Sauce?
the king has returned. i was literally just watching the last 2 videos on odd things and holes!
It’s a good day when Micheal posts.
4th ... is Vsauce back!!!!!!
best day of the year
Bold of you to assume I have a mind
why hello there Michael
The Return of the King
My brain doesn't help me.
LETS GO AN ACTUAL VSAUCE VIDEO!!!!!
A
Where are your fingers
hi vsauce :) ain’t ever hear people say hi back
Hey vsauce
hi
At last
Robux
27 Seconds and 1000 likes... wow
It’s not “Welcome back” anymore, Vsauce is back
Yass king has posted a long video!!
Well; My grandma says my mind is in the gutter.
Mind body problem go brrr
Hi vsauce.
Aye
First and second comments!!!!!!
The long awaited video, I already know this will be amazing.
My mind is not in my head it is in my j
Great to see you’re back, Michael
I’ve got a lot of reasoning to do with god for making someone so sexy Micheal
im gay
Let's goo
FINALLY!!
2nd
AYOOOOO
:)
SIX-HUNDREDTH COMMENT
The king is back
me in my head: “please not a short please not a short”
Hello
He said it! He said the thing!
Missed you my friend.
67th let’s goo
Where is your MIND?
30 minutes video. holly molly!!!
Finally... Not a #shorts video 😀
AN ACTUAL VIDEO! YES!
Poopoo
Where is my mind? My god… he’s gone full Fight Club…
Dang is 30 minute videos the norm now? :00
Yes new upload
welcome back
Where are your fingers II
Yay!!
LET'S GOOOOO
Michael is the best teacher in the world
AWHE HELL YEAH! WASSA  MICHAEL WOOOOOOO
The king has returned
Hei, Vsauce. Fan here.
Can't wait to watch this with a delicious meal
Pog
TE LEGDEND also YouTube says there’s 400 comments but there isn’t any make up ur mind yt
Does genetics have anything to do with smarts and strength
*DABABY?!?!*
THIRTY MINUTE NEW VSAUCE VIDEO
HE HAS RETURNED!!!
Finally
god bless you
YEEEESSSS
Poggg
Amazing
Lol
_Hey, Vsauce, Michael here._ Literally music to my ears.
E
"Honey wake up vsauce just uploaded"
Ohh boy
Vsauce is back!!
Ily v sauce
so he’s back
THE LEGEND IS BACK
A new vsauc video means more questions and entertainment.
My dogs name is Sawyer.
Babe wake up new Vsauce video just dropped
"Where are your fingers", the sequel: Where Is Your Mind?
My mind might be in my head but I'm not
First  Edit: I forgot to press enter, so I started watching the video. RIP my 30 seconds of time I had
First 4 views! 😁
The legend returned at midnight to ruin my sleeping habits
LET'S GO
Early
He remembered his YouTube password
Hey Vsauce not Michael here
Y’all have no reason
Ok. See y’all in 6 months
Intro: euurrra eeuua euuuuuwa
Wake up babe, new VSauce video
Hey vsauce, procrastinating on my homework even more here
Second
Last time I was this early my wife was disappointed
Here we gooooo
HEY VSAUCE! MICHAEL HERE!
Im so confused, is he vsauce,am i vsauce what is vsauce!?!?!
I love you vsauce
Hey michael vsauce here
HEY! VSAUCE! MICHAEL HERE!
Waiting for a vsauce video is like waiting for my dad to come back from vacation
oh my god VSAUCE JUST UPLOADED
Oh no existential crisis incominggg
MICHAERL
Fourth?
Finally thank god
The king is back
It's been 87 years
stop i need to go to sleep it’s 11 please i need sleep
my mind is in brazil
Hey vsauce here Micheal here never gets old or even just vsauce
Hey
dang this is like the earliest ive been
The return of the king
Ikr
First comment..that is a reasoning
Babe, wake up.  Vsauce just posted a video.
Im never very reasonable
LETS GOOOOOO
Vsauce is amazing... the one fact everyone can agree on
We have been blessed with 2 vsauce videos within the same year. Michael bless
yo new vsauce video
He's back on track baby
Hey vsause, michael here
I haven't watched 10 seconds of the video yet but I know it's gonna be HAWT
Oh god he’s back
It's been 84 years since a long vsauce upload...
The man is back with another piece of art.
Father vsauce is here!
He’s back
where is my mind
I strain of spaghetti is called a spaghet
AHHAHAHAHAHAHHAHA V SAUSAGE
The return of the king!
Return of the king!
Vsauce is like a solar eclipse: It doesn't happen often, but when it does, you knows it's going to be special!
Let's go 30min video :)
first
Yes he’s back
Finally its been 3 months
You look like my science teacher in 5th grade
He is trying to give content for out of context at this point
its a good day today
VSAUCE VIDEO VSAUCE VIDEO
Early
Vsause vid yay!
4 views, 443 comments, nice
VSAUCE MICHEAL
Where is your mind? Here we go again
I’ve never thought about where my mind is. Isn’t my mind me? Where am I?
my mind is in my stomach
First comment
pog
E
I love your videos mate🔥
[INSERT COMMENT HERE]
Babe wak-  **I ALREADY KNOW**
YES MORE VSAUCE!
:D
this is unreal
I am not first.
Babe wake up, new Vsause dropped
Vsauce lets gooooo
OH
YOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO
king
Sup
107 comments in 30 seconds  People really truly care about this channel <3  Edit: and it begins with a warning about climate change 😍
nice
Great video
vsauce
2nd
LESSSSS GOOOOOOO VSAUCE IS BACK
LETS GOOOOOOOOO
VSAUCE!!!
A new classic Vsauce intro
Brain
I saw a vsauce upload im a happy boy
EVERYTHING IS DROPPED BOIS
Finally,  video that isn't a short. Also, good job at posting more than 1 video a year
At last, the king hath returned
The return of the king
Doesnt everyone else love Michael's beard?
It’s always a pleasure having Micheal upload
VSAUCE UPLODAD POGGGERZ
The king is back
Let’s go vsauce uploaded ❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️❗️💀
Me dum dum learn brain man smart words
Thank god a vsauce vid
Aie I’m one the the first views
HOLY BEARD HES BACK
2nd wood I burn on thursday with nephew john.
Let’s go another video
poggers
He's back baby
It...cannot BE
Our lord is back!
Haha, ass
never have i clicked so fast
Vsauce, can you help me out of the box please?
Hope everyone had a nice day
That intro is one to add to the out of context Vsauce collection
Where is my mind?
Notification gang?
Is this real?
VSAUCE LETS GO
as time goes on, people are losing their ability to reason with each other
Notification squad assemble!
Bill gates is such a good person ♥
Yay new vsauce vid
We are brains controlling a bone mech made of meat armour
:) Thanks Mr. Sauce
2nd
Fourth !   I've never been this early to a vid ! :D
2nd but 300 views somehow
Never clicked on a video faster in my life.
He’s back 🤌🏼
My kind is like an egg
Thanks for making this an enjoyable day :)
Yes
New vsauce who up?
33 seconds
Let’s goooooooo
Where is my mind 😪
This just made my bad day. An excellent one!
Vsause i was litterally just thinking about this
Reason is dead
HEY VSAUSE
Can you stop i have school tommorow
Hello there My MANS
Whats the *reason* for this video?
VSAUCEEEE HIIIII I LOVE YOU
Hello brothers
Was watching old vsause vids when this notification popped up
Where are your fingers? Pt2
Wow I have never been this early in my life
hi
My god, he uploaded
VSAUCE VIDEO HEELLLLLLLL YEAH!!!!!!!
Hey Vsause.... I'm here FIRST
Done. Watched on 300x.
I have nothing funny to say. I love you vsauce.
fun fact, no one has finished watching this whole video by the time i comment this
I was told my mind is in the gutter
Yes, another upload!!! I needed this today!
Jontron, now this
Finally!!
Came here faster than the speed of light
YOOOOOOOOO
Number4 viewer!!!
Ayo
4 views?
*w h a t*
Took your time??
New Vsauce Video... *This is exactly what I’ve been waiting for*
Early here
Mad
Next opening “hey vsause, Michael here”
hmm
Return of the king
hey Michael’s back
I didn't even watch the video yet but I liked it
Hello, Michael.
This video already seems cool
Lesgoooooooo
30th
The king is back!!!
What a pleasant surprise
Oh yeah.
I clicked on this so fast
VSAUCE!!!
Ayo vsauceeeeee
big thinks
wake up babe, new vsauce video just dropped
We love you Michael
Hey vsause how’s are Michael
The king is back
Hey
Alrighty! Here we go people!
Hi vsauce.. I am here..
YES
Last time I was this early, Vsauce hadn’t uploaded in 2 years
Jheeeez he’s already back
Hey, VSauce Michael Here
Hey guys love you all
🪨🪨🪨rock
Finally classic Vsauce, not the shorts
like the cut today
Let’s go
Crazy
Let's Go finally
First
Ok, it's happening, everyone stay calm.
Sup
honey wake up new vsauce upload
Ay vsauce the green sauce
Mad scientist returns
W O A H
hype
Yes
Yes!!!!!!
Ÿoooioooooooooooo HE POSTED
Omg he remembered his password!!
E
HOLY SHIT A NEW VSAUCE VIDEO
I’ve been waiting for 3 weeks
Finally an upload!
What is your *reason* for making this video?
A 30 min Vsauce video ? This is a good day
1k likes in 17 seconds
Let’s gooo
It's been a sec Michael
I clicked instantly
Never clicked this fast
I missed you
“Wake up babe, vsauce just uploaded a video”
Here
He found the account password
Wow
Vsuace
4 views 339 likes  Wow Im early
He’s back. Behold the legend!!!!!
OMG the comrade is back when the world needed him the most!!
Sanity level: -999
Hey Vsauce, Michael Here *OR IS IT?*
Honey wake up, vsauce uploaded a new video
Hey, Michael.
Wow
Babe wake up new vsauce video
I smiled as soon as I saw the notification!!!
Where is your mind?      Mind don’t know.
Brain
Oh well hello there fellow saucers!
hello Michael
WhErE aRe Your FiNgErS
Love u from Egypt ❤️
Now this is what we have all been waiting for
When Vsauce uploads it’s the best day ever
(:
Never clicked on a video so fast
I love you
First
Yooooo new vsause video
The king 👑!
This already made my day just from vsauce uploading.
What’s up Broski 🦋 🦋
The return of the king
What future?
WHERE IS MY MIND I DUNNO TELL ME MICHAEL
Yaaaay
Hell yeah
Hello vsause
Epic poggers moment
ONE OF THE VERY FIRST
Notification squad out here
New video
Ooh boy. Lsauce
New vsauce video lets go
Well it’s about damn time
missed you michael
VSAUCE UPLOADED!!!
Clicked as soon as I saw it
14:57
130th
The return of the GOAT
HEY MICHAEL, VSAUCE HERE
EARLY SQUAD!!!
Wake up honey, new vsauce just dropped
Early gang
Welcome back ❤️
Thanks mate!
love the content
I’ve been binge watching vsauce so the fact that he just posted is crazy
Cool
It's always a good day when Vsauce uploads.
OMG VSAUCE YESSSS
Woah
I was just about to go to sleep, but that can wait.   Sleep will wait for Michael.
2nd
Early bird
1st
I LOVE YOU VSAUCE PLEASE UPLOAD MORE !!!
Hey Micheal
😳 woah
EPIC
Noti Gang
Return of the King
Hey Micheal, Vsauce here.
Finally
Yesssssss
First
Clicked so fast
Wooah 7th like pog
HELL YEAH! Time to put off my finals again!
okay
hi
Return of the King
Yeet
Wake up baby vsauce uploaded
FULL VSAUCE VIDEO LETS GOOOO
:0
Mind
Woah I'm early lmao
No way!!!!!!!!
He has returned
Early gang early gang
Finalmente
Time to be mind-fucked for the next 30 minutes.
Thank you Micheal
YESSSSSSSS
ayy vsauce
The future of vsause?  Edit: I mean vsauce
amazing video
This is yes
My dream teacher!!!
Bell gang 🚛
ok
2nd
4 views = 22 comments
This is just what I needed to cure my boredom
I have never been so early
Finally
Lets goooo
48th
You live in my mind rent free
He’s back!!! Missed you!
Waiting for the upload maannnnnn
Sup vsauce
Oh my god he's alive
It's been a while
Today is a good day. Aside from Michael Collins passing away from cancer and the obvious current world problems.
Let’s gooooooooooo
No my mind is in my pp
Uploaded 21 seconds ago. Wow..
Hard problem of conscience.
Hey vsus Michael here
I am here for this
The king is back🙌
My mind is with my fingers
Yay more vsause
Mm
Hey Michael. Vsauce here
Holy shit
Hehehehehehe
Hey vsause!
He's back!!!!
OMG THANK YOU
HE HATH COME
A rarity, no doubt
Cool
Noti gaaaaaang
new vsauce video we made it
Damn early af.  What.
I got it my hand....?
Firsssst , Vsauce i love youuuu
LESS GOOOOO
Oh shit it’s existential crisis time
Vaauce
wait this video isn’t 30 seconds long
Nice
The legend is back with a Long Video. A blessing from the lord
he’s finnaly back
ohhhhh michael
NEW SAUCE LETS GO
new vsauce video? LEEESSSS GOOOO
Heyyyyy
Yay
Wake up, babe, new Vsauce video.
Yes a new vid
I have never clicked to damn fast.
Hey
FINALLY
lessgo
2nd
Hi
nice
Return of the King
None of you are first
VSAUCE UPLOADED :D
Omg finally
WHY DO WE HAVE FINGERS
Our god is back
Hi!!!!!!
vSUS
Ayyy new vid
Not first 😳
Finally he uploaded!
Full video?
Oh no not  vsauce before I sleep-
1st
LETS GO FINALLY!!!
NICE
oh yeah this is gonna be really good
Legend came back
HYPE
Gotta love these videos
1
Woohoo
I am here.
Michael be like
Finally! :)
He’s back. He’s breach containment again
Took long enough
Finally!!!!!!!
Ecstatic
Yay new vsause!
2nd
brap
VBEE
Close to first
Omg
Cool
The king is back
Ooohhhh heeesasaa bbaaaaccckkkk
Hi
Hahahaha
Us
Long vid
The Return of the King!
My mind is in my head
Reason dosen't exist anymore.
HOLY SHIT NEW BSAUCE VIDEO OM GOODDDD
Hey vsauce
Here so fast!! Hell yeah!!
yes
First
Michael
You are a national treasure
It’s been years
Forst?
EEYYYYY
hold the fuck up he uploaded
the return of the king
The man
Welcome to a world unknown.
NEW VSAUCE VIDEO GUYS
YES! YES! YES!
Almost first.
Hey!
The return of the king
Yooo
yessss, more vsauce
Here we go
2nd
We've been blessed yet again.
The legend has returned
A Vsauce upload? Christmas came early
Never clicked so damn fast
Where are my fingers?
First
Ayo
yay
iok
Woah, he’s back!
Vsoos
Finally
im way too early
Kind of 1st woah
Vasquez.
you're alive!
Yay
lol
Hello
Ligma joe
It's a good day
YES NEW VSAUCE UPLOAD
Make up babe, another Vsauce upload
The king is back 👑
Awesome
Not 1st
Hi
First!
First
Yey
yep
Yooo the legend is back
Nice! I was wondeeing where you were
First
Omg a vsauce video.
Hen
4 views.
First
NEW VSAUCE NEW VSAUCE
Omfg
Lilol
I love you
VSAUCE!!!!!! HEY I MISSED U
Hi VSauce
Yay he came back! Wish my dad could too... 😔
he's alive
Thanks Mr sauce
LETS GO
thank vsauce
LETS GOOOO
4th? idk YT is fucked
Ah yes more vsauce
The return of the king
Woah
Wow new VSauce!
The return of the king
Jes
He’s finally back
Not first
Less go
nice
Funny
poggies
Where the notification gang at?
YESSS
HES HERE
2nd
Almost first
Oh yea this is gonna be good
Nice
Second
Pog
Ewwe ewwe
First
Where is my mind
whoa
sheesh
finally
VSAUCE AYYY
hi
Yayyyy
babe wake up, vsauce posted
yooooo
E
HOLY! HE’S BACK!!
Good
YAY
Yes!!!
Sup
OKAAAAAY
1st
Love
Yesssssssur
AYO
He’s back!
Hey vsauce!!
LESS GOO
He's BACK again !!!!!!
e
Lets goooo
A long episode let's go!!!
YES A NEW VIDEO FINALLY
2nd
Almost first
Ye
Hey comments! Commenter here!
Hey
Sup
I literally have to do a text about this topic, like for the next 2 hours. THANK YOU!
Awesome
An actual video
My man
Return of the king
finally...
HONEY WAKE UP, VSAUCE UPLOADED
SECONDS
finally uploaded again
he finally uploaded?
NEW VSAUCE
Not first
les go
Wow
NO FUCKING WAY
The Return of the King!
YESYESYESYESYES!!!!!!
Hi
2st
Hello again Michael
Make a whish
Early
Nice
Wake up babe. New Vsauce vid.
Yoo back with postilg less go v sauce
:0
:0
YOOOOOO
LET’S GOOOOOOOOO
New vid let’s goo and it’s even 30 minutes
Mind
Hi Michael
I wanted to be first, nvm im second
THE KING IS BACK
Yooo
Yay
Vsauce upload PAGMAN
NEVER CLICKED FASTER
A
Hey
Whats up micheal?
Not first
Yay
YESSSS
homies back
LET'S GOOOOOOOOOO
HEY VSAUCE!
The king is back!
Full vid
Finally. I missed you Micheal.
Bsus mocol hehre
LETS GOOOOOO
Woo
Woohooooo
yoooooooo
hi
Daddy Michael
He is alive!!!
Hiiii
Yoooooo
Hot
HE HAS RETURNED
Hello
13 th lol
YESS!!
Hey guys
Sheeeshhhhhhhh
rats
Hey
First
Second
hey!
Heees back
not 1st
I was here 😯
holy shit
SAUCE
3st!
VSAUCE
E
Hey!
Hi
hello sauce man
FINALLY
Hey guys what's up
Never clicked so fast in my life
Early
Almost first
Hey Becky
Hello
YOO ANOTHER ONE
YOOOO WTF
First
Hi
Yo
Balls
Return of the king
He Is back
OMG
Delicious
Woah a vsause video.
Yes
HE HAS RETURNED
Early on accident
YES A NEW VIDEO
GODDAMN YESS
Let's go boys
POG
pog
Sus
YEAHEYAHETAGYEAGEHSYYWAAAGGG
Yes
Guys, he’s alive.
Real shit
Oooooh yea
thank you
Heyo
The return of the king
That thumbnail is tasty.
first
The king has returned.
first
First
Time to do drugs again.
yay!
Notifications gang.
Oh jesus
Ahhhghgg I'm early
PP-Sause
Hey
Yes
Hey!
lol
Woah
2nd (first taken by user emi)
E
Epic
I love Michael
2nd
The return of the king
the king
omg omg omg
E
13
a
Kiss me now
well well well
Bruh
WOOOOO
Horray
yooooo
YO
FINALLY
I'm gonna turn into a convertible
2ND
yes
Hehe
The king has returned
Yessssss
HES BACK?
It is 00:00 and I have to do things tomorrow... watching this is a great idea.
I'm so earlyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyyy
NEW VIDEO!!!
FINALLY NEW VIDEO
Bruuuh
YESSSSSSS
omfg so quick
First
Pog
Forth
Past
Less goo
Oh hell yea!!!
Wow
pog
finnaly dude
Yo
oh hell yeah
YESSSS
YES
four seconds ago I saw this in my recommended
Welcome back
.
Hey vsauce
Its about time you post.
Amazing!
Hey
E
Yes
Woah
Yoooi
;-;
Early
First
sus
😴
Omg
Yes I have been waiting for another video for so long. Sad that this will end up pissing some people off just for being factual.
yay
gotta say vsauce looking fine toDAY
brub
Yo
nice
Not first
Hello
Yoooo
<3
First
e
lesgooooooo
Spicy! Thanks Michael.
Hi
Cool
8 views
Huh
First
First
16th
pog
wew
Amazing
Yes
first
Forth😌
Omg
nice
Finally
Yoooooo
1st      Or am I?
