0:36  easily proveable
Wilder will never get over that beating fury put on him
joe get this big old d0nk back on!
So Rogan can see thru this but still thinks Pereira robbed Hill
White people should go into Black boxing gyms. They’d get a sociology degree in an afternoon.
Ernie Shavers used to be the door man in our pub in Birkenhead Merseyside. He sat on a chair and nobody did fuck all coz we was all too scared. He's the one who Ali said he hit me that hard my ancestors felt it.
Kissed his ass when he was on your show. Idiot
This didn't age well.
He was no Ernie shavers facts
SORE LOSER. That is all to say
100% fury fan but he DID cheat . You can see in the videos his glove isn't on properly and he's hitting him with the wrist part of the gloves. The indent on deontays head does look like it was done with an object not by a punch but thats debatable.  But my first point just isn't debatable its CLEARLY visible
Not the greatest right hand ever if that were so then fury doesn't get up 5 different times from it
the guy joe is interviewing sounds exactly like bert or am i crazy????
Wladamir was 40 when Fury beat him, Wlad also looked bad in his previous fights, father time is undefeated, yet Fury barely beat him couldn't even hurt the senior citizen.  Prime Wlad would have made easy work of Fury.
I'm a huge joe Rogan fan but he's wrong he's gotta look at the evidence there's undeniable evidence of fury's glove flopping and you can see his fist through the gloves where the wrist is located
on Joe's podcast he literally said he always would wear a 45 lb vest when doing footwork in training camp btw... How in the world would a 40 lb costume hinder his performance? hahahha
If the towel didn't get thrown in....I doubt the 3rd fight would of happened! The fight wouldn't of left wilder any excuse if it carried on!  But it left wilder a chance to have many excuses too give him a rematch! Despite the rematch clause because it was such a convincing win!  But...wilder beats AJ!
Pathetic.    No class. He can’t admit that fury trained harder , out boxed him by more than double punches. Is more skilled , it’s quicker, is better at everything , wilder is a sore loser.   Fury’s mind is stronger.  Nothing special about wilder.  He’s slow all he has is a hard punch.  Making these excuses that had nothing to do with the fight.    Fury had way more obstacles to overcome than wilder and he was still the better man by far
Deontay beat fury.   Magic got him back on his feet he was out COLD.   Magic has too big a impact on the world.   Also, joe Rogan is a sellout of humanity.  He doesn’t speak out truthfully about magic and aliens. Magic he knows for sure, aliens is dependent on the person and their experiences.   Anyway back to the fight scene.   You will fight inflated people with arms and heads bigger than their own.  You get moved from within literally.   If the controllers want you to lose you will lose.   They can make it so you literally don’t feel anything. And they control milliseconds.   Watch the fight from TJ Notten his first muay thai fight. You can see with a sharp eye that it’s not human what’s happening.   Get into satanism, then go become spiritually “born again” and let them touch you with their magic hands on the brain and stomach and then go to Islam.   You will lose yourself literally. You get spiritual itches.   And you will become numb all over.  They will send spiritual attacks on your brain.   Make it so you can’t even properly SEE your own body parts when you try to focus on it.   And I was perfect in all I did before, flawless perfect technique.   I am not the same man after meeting the magicians of religion.   Religion is not from god.  Don’t follow these liars.   The Holy Spirit is not holy it’s proveable.  Islam is not of god. Same as Judaism.   Its all easily proveable.   Be a honest critic of holyness and what “they” “command” and try to force upon humanity. Be a honest  critic of god.   And start seeing that god the perfect holy straight person does NOT exist.   Want proof?  Ask for proof to the universe about the man in the mirror. And you will see there’s more to you than you.   People literally have another person looking through their own eyes 24/7. Even during sex.   Same goes for your mom.   Is that honor your father and mother.  Is that gracious from “the most gracious allah”?   No it’s not.   Why don’t you hear government about this in a way which is REALLY HUMAN. PANICKING AND GIVING GLOBAL ALERTS OPENLY AND TRUTHFULLY.    Joe Rogan does give some clues tbh.   Anyway back to the point.   That means since Judaism we have been lied too.   Millions of people dedicate themselves to someone which is not god.   Millions of peoples hands and minds are magically being used by others.   Sign? Sweaty hands which comes with healing.   There’s more to it than just sweaty hands which they can explain away.   Something they try allot.  Or lie straight up.   But the truth stands on itself.   Why does no one make a big scene about all these “scholars” of religion. These fake straight walkers which indoctrinate our specie with lies.   Start seeing the man in the mirror , ask for proof. Understand this person is present during sex, understand this is defiling your mother on the daily. Understand that’s not honoring your father and mother. Understand that’s not gracious.   And start seeing this “god” of religion what he really is. NOT GOD.   I challenge you to wake people up who dedicate their lives to this obviously fake god.   Its unacceptable how our planet gets robbed. Of knowledge. Of technology.   People scaring you into distrusting ai. While a good self learning AI would skyrocket our specie. This self learning ai can find us immortality through science if it’s truly possible.   It can get us into space. We can do something about the aliens hiding and doing who knows what.   Truth and intelligent action will get us out of this.   First humanity needs to understand these talks of humanity being divided is not true.   If you say something often enough people start repeating stuff. And potentially believe it’s true.   There’s but 1 race. The human race.  Dutch, American, Indian all don’t exist.   You can only conquer a planet and a world basically which is divided against itself.   If humanity doesn’t stand up for humanity.  Nobody will.   So do your job and work for the betterment of the specie and our collective future.   And just doing a 9 tot 5 ain’t gonna cut it.   If people truly owned the world we wouldn’t need to work a “slave” job like we do now.   We would live hand in hand with science.  And science and the brain will work for us.   Ai will work with us.   We already possess all the world.  The fact we let it get robbed is just our own fault. And complaining ain’t gonna Change stuff. Peaceful protest gets your voice out but they shit on it. A powerful person will walk over you since he knows he has the power.   However without humanity his system can’t stand.   If we seperate ourselves and sustain ourself with resources of the earth WHICH BELONG TO ALL OF US NOT COMPANIES AND OTHER TAKING IT AND SELLING IT TO YOU FOR THEIR OWN GAIN, then we wouldn’t need to work. Only need to fix shelter and surviv through food and such. And then all extra we want.   This system is rigged.  Its controlled.  And the thing people seem to forget. Is that we have the power.   If all real normal humans and not these changeable bots but all real humans seperate ourselves from them and work for our specie we will come much further than progressing in this way, their way. Where the big picture and the big moves will be made based upon a agenda.   Ai will be our best friend.  The resources of earth is all we need.  And we need eachother.   We don’t need this system they created which makes no sense at all.   Why work for a little amount of money while we are rich with the earth.   Because your controlled and OPRESSED in a luxurious way which makes it seem you got more than you do.   We give the earth away for lies, being controlled, being spied upon, lied to since Judaism, lies continued with Christianity and Islam. All these things you let them get away with. They touch your children with MAGIC hands on the daily. This wannabe god defiles your children and our females.   And you still don’t say nothing?   Change will come and I will make it so.  And every person in his HEALTHY mind should do the same.   And literally challenge and force god, if he does exist which I doubt at this point to do something about reality.  Because it’s unacceptable for any normal thinking person.  I got told to shut up today by a man who works for the law. When I shared the truth his mother gets fucked by people possessing multiple faces then their own. The man in the mirror.   He got mad at me while he should be fucking thanking me for telliNg him the truth.   Trying to come with his BS “ im not calm” which I was. You could think of this that he seeks a reason to get you in trouble like has happened before.   Like how I was “missing” , reported by my “mom” who didn’t care I got magically attacked, bots are real Bruvs, reported by a woman who I spoke like one or two days before that.   And it’s so normal to lock someone up who is missing, it’s not normal to just call the person who reported it, notify the person who was “missing” and get him back.   You lock him up in jail for being missed for eight + hours.  This system is rigged. They don’t care about this system.   And endlessly hoping in “god” doesn’t bring you shit.   Call him out and force him to do something and say, that he’s a fake holy straight person if he don’t. And that all his “angels” are sell outs and not doing their job and not honest with him. For not saying it’s unacceptable.   Hé grieves me personally if he doesn’t. Making him lose his holyness.   Do this.   And force him to action.   Or let him be a fake holy person praised by morons who aren’t honest with him and only suck his dick because they either scared or have something to gain.   Do something.   Your mom is fucked by multiple faces possessing people. Can’t stress this enough.   Do something with that brain.   I understand it’s controlled and you are not your own if you even know this.   But still. You don’t need much emotion or brains to know for a fact it’s unacceptable what’s happening here on so many levels.   Both spiritually and physically and MAGICALLY.   Long story short. If you do nothing you don’t care about your mom , family or yourself. And for all These wannabe godly people, you don’t give a f about god if you can’t see this and be honest about. What is your faith worth when it’s all fake positive praising and nothing else.   #keepitreal #bethechange #truth
You don't find out what you're made of when you're winning you find out what you're made of when you've lost and you need to get back to the top
Is Dainty wilder  stupid , deluded or suffering from mental health issues. We are raised to be gentleman in this country.
0:35 actually no this is true and you can go back and watch the replay of Tyson’s glove moving in a way no humans hand is able to move. Flopping like there’s not even a fist in it, and there wasn’t.
What you got to say now Joey?  The FBI santioning Daniel Kinahan and fury freezing their assets credit cards and bank accounts, the British boxing board of control suspended fury's boxing license indefinitely , the Office of Foreign Assets Control has seized fury's real estate holdings in the united states of America and the FBI non entry travel ban forbidding fury's entry into the United States of America.       I remember you before you were so corrupt .
The costume one is ridiculous
Fury’s gloves were tampered with
There is not a man born from his mother who can beat the Gypsy King! He told him... Maybe Wilder shouldn't have dressed like a power rangers villain...
Fury 6.7
"this little tiny island" Australia???
Luke Thomas describing Earnie Shavers power 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
Wilder is bitter he lost to a white boy. Plain and simple. Dispelling the myth black is stronger.
He still has that drug addict mentality. Always shifting blame, making excuses and crazy conspiracy instead of admitting reality.
It has been 5 minutes in Luke Thomas has only said yep and all right
It has been 5 minutes in Luke Thomas has only said yep and all right
Deyonte great guy?? Great guys don't fantasize then vocalize their desire to have a body on their record.. which is basically saying he wants to kill a man.. pos loser if you ask me..
DW isn’t a great guy.  He’s a talented but fatally weak man without any humility.  He’s stuck in a victims mindset.  It’s unfortunate but it’s true.
Came here after the 3rd fight and Wilder is saying similar shit. This guy can't take a loss gracefully, that's for sure.
Tyson fury is on steroids. He will never be as great as Mike.
The first fight wasn't a draw, Fury was dropped blind.
I have had the pleasure of being forced into fighting Irish gypsies when I was younger. Fury feints and moves and holds his chin out there like a true gypsy.
Let's be honest. Wilder made the excuses for the same reason Liberals make excuses. He wanted to keep riding the gravy train. He wanted the money even though he didn't deserve it anymore. Excuses. Victimhood.
Fury just won again let's see what excuses he says this time
I still don’t understand the floppy glove . Nope. Not one bit.
Was Julian Jackson the hardest hitter for size ever?
Watch the videos about the gloves
The fact that Tyson's gloves flopping around like saggy tits is absent from every JRP should be the #1 proof that dude clearly cheated😩
Wow Best right hand Joe Louis, Marciano, Tommy motor city cobra hearns and many more are better
We will see now on the 3 fight Fury is going to be watched like Margarito so if the punches don't have the same effect then ...... Or Fury trashes him faster.
Plenty of video showing that left glove wasnt right. Flopping and it looked like he was just grabbing his head the whole fight. Turns out his fist was in the wrist and it really did damage. Rogan usually on point...sounds like Adam ruins everything here
Watch this and tell me Tyson Fury didn’t cheat by slipping his hand down into the wrist part of the glove. https://youtu.be/SwbZjpyzrlM
Wilder is mentally weak and a sociopath who can’t accept he was defeated, maybe he will wake up one day and maybe he won’t. And he was always overrated.
Tyson Fury says he is going to begin training for like his 3rd Wilder fight today and I really hope he wins.  Also his brother Tommy is so insanely hot🔥
He sound so much like bert
Its always some excuse , see that alot.
Black top guy is the voice of reason
Deontay Wilder is ignorant, and a coward.
Hate the scenery bro. Love the show. Priceless all day all night.
Wilder got too full of himself, it happens.
Wasn't deontay wilder the one who said he can beat mike tyson in his prime? Lmao
Champs don't make excuses. Winners don't make excuses. Bullies and losers make excuses
The amount of Wilder fanboys in these comments is crazy. There are several layers of security INCLUDING SOMEONE FROM WILDER'S TEAM checking on the moment when Fury put on the gloves. There's 0% chance there was anything going on with Fury's gloves.  Your guy lost people. Deal with it.
The erect stem cytologically irritate because yew extragingivally start except a cheap fat. holistic, hypnotic voyage
I got a picture of Fury’s knuckles and fist showing far below the padding. You can easily see that his fist is positioned by the laces.
Bullshit loaded gloves hands down
Mike Tyson vs Tyson Fury would have been a good fight in both their peaks.
Not gonna lie, when I first saw him jumping in I was thinking "dude this isn't your game, gotta back up" round 2 I was second guessing myself. Round 3 he PROVED me wrong.
Can you explain how the tyson fury glove situation is easily provable? From the video I saw it looks like Fury is blatantly cheating
Can expect the Joe Rogan together all the information on Wilder. He knows Tyson Fury has a history of cheating and he has seen all the evidence and knows the game well enough to understand what happened. There are numerous examples to expose what Tyson Fury didn't both fights. That's why he's doing everything to stop the trilogy. Arbitration did not go his way and he's scared to fight on a Level Playing Field.  By the way; Wilder knocked Fury down with his right and left hand in the first fight despite the fact that Fury also was involved in skullduggery in that one.
I suppose woke Americans will blame it on white privilege
All this cheated nonsense is still going on! What a load of bollocks! Look at the length of boxing gloves. If fury’s fist was in the wrist section the knuckle section would be below his knees with his arms at his side. They are not at any part of either fight. His gloves hang exactly where you would expect them to hang. Arms length with a lump of padding on the hand!  Utter shit all of it!   Wilder is a one trick pony!
Typical loser who thinks he's the greatest and whenever he loses, he comes up with all kind of excuses.
Wilder is clearly not a very bright dude. Stupid and delusional. He could learn a lot from the way Anthony Joshua took his loss. The problem is stupid people don't learn. He'll die poor and nothing will ever be his fault.
We need luke thomas on again
Luke calling someone else a yes man 🤡
Let's have it right rogan, the first fight was NOT a draw! Fury won every round apart from the two knock down rounds! In 19 rounds of boxing fury won 17 rounds it's emphatic as it gets 🤷🏻‍♂️
Them gloves looked weird that's all I'm saying
Thanks for bringing me back algo, needed to laugh before the 3rd fight.
https://youtu.be/SwbZjpyzrlM
Wielder  has one of the great right hands in boxing history, and that is it. Tom Yankello in Pittsburgh trained Roy Jones some and Wilder should go train with THAT GUY, buts its too late now for the next Fury fight.  Yankello is a genius at teaching boxing fundamentals.
Love seeing all these ppl who never had a fight in their life commenting on shit they know nothing about
Same guy who said he’d beat mike Tyson smh anyone named Tyson shouldn’t be messed with man
Fighters would quit the Roster not to fight Breland back in the day, thats how you know Wilder don’t care about boxing but only just his Ego and right hand.
Idk guys furys glove looked a bit strange. Anyone know what that was about?
Glad to see joe bring on that guy that nobody cares what his name is, that always gives his opinions through “questions” first at every single UFC press conference
Muscle DENSITY
Mike Weaver was a powerful heavyweight with power in both hands
You guys don't know boxing
Deontey wilder has shamed himself.  It okay to lose. But blame everything and everyone else isnt.
If you don't think Tyson Fury altered his gloves you're gay
“Your God against my god..” - Deonaty Wilder
@ 2:04 lol
Fck spittify
Wilder fans have been going at me all day defending what he did at the press conference 😂😭
Y’all are wrong about throwing in the towel. If Wilder told them not to ever throw in the towel then you let him go out on his shield. You can’t take something like that away from a warrior. All that other stuff Wilder was saying is pure BS
Deontay gonna knock out Fury and then he's gonna knock Joe Rogan and his light voice. Finally he's gonna knock out Luke Thomas,
You'd think that Wilder got hit so hard it woulda knocked some sense in him....but no.
Here after watching wilder sit silent throughout the entire 1 and only presser for the trilogy fight. What a crybaby idiot. He has the be the 2nd most un selfaware person next to fabia
Can't forget to mention, 300lbs of Tyson Furry putting all his weight on wilders chicken legs.
Just watched Ernie shavers highlights on youtube and smoked some weed beforehand. Was not disappointed
They give wilder too much credit on his right. He's got a good one but nowhere near the best.
Tyson outboxed him in both fights it was obvious if he avoided the big shots he would beat him every time he’s just simply a better boxer
Not easily proven?  I have never seen a boxer bite and pull on his glove like Fury did.  I wanted him to win but he looked like he was cheating.  I was really saddened.
Anybody here now that knows fury’s a F**king cheater😂? Damn cheater Couldn’t beat Wilder man to man power for power essence for essence, he knew he stood no chance, damn coward
Soo know one gonna talk about how furry hands wasn’t even in his glove all the way. Lol I never seen a boxing glove bend at a 90 degree angle while throwing a hook. Oh and let’s not forgot this isn’t the first time that’s he’s been caught cheating 🤫🤦🏾‍♂️
Joe Rogan fell in love with Tyson furys personality.... but it's CLEAR AF HE CHEATED
ruiz is a fat dude who got fast hands that all xD thanks to canelo you can call him half a boxer
Poison water a heavy suit and illegal gloves are the excuses i see on certain channels😂😂😂😂😂😂
Fury is the man🙌
the thing with the gloves is real. look it up. i liked fury very much but he's a cheater.
It’s soooooo corny when a non-fighter starts talking talking points only a fighter would know.
He just lost , alot of  these new fighters are full of excuses
Its funny to look back and listen to these shrills after all the cheating, steroids, and glove gate. Clearly with your eyes you can see he cheated.
[Medicine 10/50] One of my coaches poisoned my water.
He cheated. Everyone saw and people still defend cheating. Sad because I dont think he wouldve lost regardless but he definitely took the extra step in the cheating direction
"some liquid" Drinks
You can see him cheating clearly
Ever since BLM, they basically believe that if they fail at anything they can just blame everyone else for it and the world will agree with them. Pretty pathetic and immature, but it’s societies fault for appeasing them for so long.
they talk about power and mike tyson is never mentioned?
Ernie shavers didnt have a full repertoire Luke...come on. His jab was sloppy and he didnt have a left hook. Yes he was a great power puncher.
They say Wilder came up with excuses but He won his case in court. Fury cheated. And he lied to people and said him and him and AJ was going to fight. He went on to say Wilder was going to take step aside money which was all Bull. Fury is a cheater a fraud. Tyson Fury he cheated like the undertaker. He had to cheat wilder to beat him. You better ask the experts, the judge, you better look at the evidence. Fury has a history of cheating.
Who is the dude talking with Rogan? Tried to find a name in the comments. Sorry in advance
the tape shows fury cheated is gloves
One thing is for sure if something illegal is going on Joe Rogan isn’t gonna let you come on his show and talk about it..so really how valuable is Joe’s opinion?
Here after arbitration, AJ fight off , wilder fury 3 incoming
Next time Wilders on Joe's Podcast:  Wilder: My trainer poisoned me  Joe: I totally believe that bro....absolutely
If you ever doubt Fury, remember Emmanuel Stewart believed in him
The disbelief in wilders eyes when fury dropped him was priceless. He looked at the ref like “ that must have been a illegal blow because how else would I be down?”
I'm a fury guy but there are clips from the fight that are shady with the trainer some weird things going on in that corner during that fight also fury has caught doing the glove thing in multiple fights but he came up as a gypsy bareknuckle guy so him being a dirty fighter is in his nature alot of guys do cheap shit he is know as a dirty fighter but any edge in the ring is part of it
Its amazing just how much joe sees and underatands these fight his breakdowns make me think he could of been a world champ himself
Everything is possible with Jesus Christ The Holy Spirit and God Almighty 🙏🙏❤️❤️❤️❤️🙏🙏 All Glory To God Almighty in Heaven 🙏🙏🙏🙏
Ortiz had high blood pressure during that fight Lmao
Jokes on you guys now
The fact the referee and his corner let him just get wailed on for 5 rounds straight when wilder was barely fighting back pisses me off so much.
Britain has some of the best fighters
wore them chicken legs out  😂😂
Gypsy king !! Manchester 👍🏻
When Wilder was fighting for his daughter he had God on his side... the lavishness softened him and removed him from the present moment. Fury is fully in touch with God at the moment and is seemingly unstoppable.
Can we take a moment to realize that furys OWN team admitted to him removing padding in his sparring gloves.  You can find that!  And about the suicide it was a cover up to hide that he was doping! The video PROOF shows how wrinkled furys glove is.. why are brand new gloves padding worn all ready.  MARK MY WORDS.  WITH REGULAR GLOVES, Y'ALL LIL HYPE BOY AIN'T GON LIVE UP TO TWO EXPECTATIONS!! DON'T BELIEVE ME, JUST WATCH!!!😂😂😂
0:20 but that is correct and is true
Tyson Fury definitely cheated with his gloves it's a fact
It does look like fury's gloves was suspect looking. I'm not a wilder fan I think he is trash. Fury's punches looked way too powerful for him not to be doin something funky.
His equalibrium was off from the third round from a punch to the ear. The towel should have been thrown in much sooner. Can't hardly wait for the next fight with Fury.
Fury hurt him so bad he made Wilder into a conspiracy theorist
If you look at the video the glove doesn't look like it's on his hand.
It’s like in baseball you have a 96 mph fastball but to set up his heater you have to throw the change up,,same thing as throwing your power punch you need to set it up!!
40lb is not even much weight! Thats only like 18kilos,i squat 100kilos easy, walking like 30-40 meters with 18 kilos doesnt take any strength out of my legs,and im 170cm and weigh around 80 kilos..Deontays just a JOKE!
Im sorry, Joe. I doubted you. I thought you sold out, but you're a good person.  I gotta take that back. You care about shit.
People say that Mark Breland threw in the towel to save Deontay Wilder from further punishment, possibly saving him from brain damage. I think it's obvious from Wilders recent comments that Mark Breland was too late and Wilder is most definitely brain damaged
Palms are sweaty, Knees weak, armors heavy, Tysons gonna beat my ass already
when miniscule advantages can butterfly effect into the difference between a win and a loss.  Wilder spending at least 15 mins carrying the equivalent of a toddler in unnecessary weight, whereas Fury was literally carried to the ring sitting down.  In hindsight I think the primary reason was that Fury made it known he'd be coming in at 270-280. For Fury it was much more natural I think that brought Wilder out of his comfort zone both psychologically but also physically. Wilder I think could have benefitted from staying lighter and evade-and-counter strategy until Fury would tire late. But instead he came up to the heaviest he's ever fought at. For Fury the aggressiveness was the risk, but like Joe mentioned being aggressive was another way of bringing Wilder out of his comfort zone and having to fight on the defensive. The extra energy being put into Wilder's legs and footwork, and Fury using the clinch and putting his weight on Wilder was a brilliant part of the strategy. Maybe Wilder thought the armor would serve an intimidation benefit, but Fury doesn't have the mentality to be intimidated (I'd say with the mindset I saw he at most would be concerned). People that come into the ring with the sense of joy that Fury has want to be exactly where they are, and it (maybe naively) doesnt matter who the opponent is or what they do before the bell. an amazing fight overall, and as brilliant a convergence of small factors to a win as ive ever watched live
Look up Tyson Fury floppy gloves. He did do that. The other stuff is bs.
Could be wrong, but didn't Jack Johnson use to wear a long fur coat with a bare chest?
Dude unless those photos are dodgy Tyson literally cheated badly. A effin dent in his head from through boxing gloves. Let's not forget fury is a known cheater (steroids) and boxing is as dodgy as a sport as it gets.
the first fight was a draw hahahahaa dont make me laugh he schooled him the first fight also, it was day light robbery
Wilder and Fury... I keep mixing up their names in the middle of a fight. Maybe because they both have the perfect names for fighting.
Wilder so weak
Ortiz was 57 years old
In the ring after the fight Wilder says no excuses !  After that time he has made nothing but excuses.  The first fight was not really a draw now was it ?  C'mon
man, I feel bad for AJ. I actually kinda like the guy, but im pretty sure he is gonna get destroyed
Deontay "what happened was" Wilder
i'm pretty sure wilder was on joe's podcast saying that he trains with a 40pound vest on
Excuse to the back of his head? It was a back of the head shot. (Which I don’t blame fury for at all) as wilder Tried to avoid it & his turning made that shot land where it did.
Joe Rogan “Francis Ngannou has a shot vs deontay wilder in a boxing ring” so anyone listening to joe Rogan talk about boxing needs his head examined.
I don’t agree with allot of what wilder said but joe knows Jack shit about boxing. Man said Francis N, vs wilder in a boxing ring is a interesting fight. Absolute moron
Pride cometh before a fall
Water poisoning is nothing new and happens. It gives more control of the outcome to the promoters so they can keep the hype train for there big money fighter. Go watch certain fighters after the fight esp in UFC who say man I was feeling werid before I walked out it wasnt my night can some of these be attributed to weight cuts, age, hygiene, father time? Yes thats why the crime of disguise is so hard to prove when it does happen.
Y’all dismiss every objective argument for black athletes ...HE HAS PROOF !!! ... I saw footage with my own eyes of gloves bending unnaturally ... can someone keep it real !!
Has he said any of this. Him himself I think dude took real brain damage. Idk if he’s saying this I’m more worried on his health if it’s that bad hopefully he retires
Joe's favorite onomatopoeia for punches *BLAP*
Everyone’s a hard man until they get the shit beat out of them
I think I’m the only Fury fan who thought it was ended early. I have no doubt Fury would have finished him but I think Wilder could have taken another ten at least 🤷‍♂️
Hahahahahhahaha....what an idiot, wilder..just another punk...full of excuses, I’ve seen this a lot in the haughty black culture, listen too the music, the attitude stinks
Some of the worst excuses ever 😂
Now his water was poisoned? HAHAHAH AHHHHAHAHAH🤣
Great vid and fair. Lots of boxers have no education and no morals. Havnt been brought up properly and come to boxing as a way out. I get that and it's great. But....those lack of morals or respect is Soooooo prevalent in boxing....like fukin kids at the press conferences posturing etc. It's a joke. Why can't boxers just be HONEST. these excuses just more compelling evidence that Deontay can't box and is just a one hit wonder. If he shrugged it off and accepted it moved on and maybe learn how to box he would get my respect. That's wot I like about Fury.....he's honest about himself and says it like it is and that includes his personal and boxing struggles....it's kind of unprecedented. Come on Deontay...pull yourself up ...get training and let's see another fight...the while fukin world wants too see it
Saw the 2nd fight..... Something wasn't right with Wilder..imo
Classless excuses. Mentally, Wilder is gone. A shame for such a great fighter, but there it is.
Fury !! Did cheat !!!!! He did cheat !!! How does a glove move like that in a boxing match !!!!!!
“Jan really biting at all these faints”- Joe Rogan
Bring Luke back on the podcast!
Everybody has a plan until they get KTFO by Charlie Zelenoff. He steals souls.
what are u talking about furys depressions??? do some research he was banned because he was popped doping before the klitschko fight....once his ban was gone he came back with his nice little depression story....
Wonder how many people are on YouTube searching for Ernie Shaver highlights like my dumbass is right now 👀🤘😄
That armor suit is fkn badass tho 😭
“Smoke some weed” shit don’t need to tell me twice
He lost because he can't fight period.
wilder is a fraud
Tyson Fury is the best 👏
Fury completely broke Wilder.. Fury's fists were like Vontaze Burfict and Wilder's head was Antonio Brown.. Brutal!
Fury rattled his brain so bad he became a conspiracy theorist
When people disagree they never go over the proof(expose what people are pointing to) to show where he was wrong
Wilder isn’t as good as everyone likes to think
His brains an eggweight
If you look at the glove at the first fight its easily provable his gloves were not attached correctly. Its an old boxing trick
Joe, how can u prove that his glove wasn't  floppy from his hands not being all the way in the gloves??? How can you prove that??? You can't!!!!.  If you can -  Show me. You are quickly losing my respect as well. It seems throughout the entire fight he wasn't hitting with his Fist but with what  appeared to be his wrist. View the still photos. How can you explain the tape extending way past the gloves like that,  how can you explain the gloves flopping back like that, and how can you explain a pro fighter with multiple pro  fights under his belt throwing punches that more resemble slaps with the wrist than a technique that is used in the art of  punching???
Human boxer.. as opposed to a fuckin ant boxer
Is it fainting?
Most people who are not American, who also saw the first fight in full, will also agree the draw was an inexplicable gift to wilder - one of the judges gave him all the early rounds where he was swinging and missing and getting hit in the face.   He’s simply not as good a boxer (or fighter) as Fury and the excuses diminish his incredible athleticism, and the genuine thrill people would get out of a third fight. He could, after all, still land that right hand clean enough to beat anyone at any time.
Hold on yall not gone bring up them floppy ass gloves...wtf
Fury won 10 out of 12 rounds in the 1st fight. He was always going to win the 2nd fight.
Wilder is overrated
He didn't make the excuse for the heavy entrance gear, his wife did & he said nothing that went against her statement but I never heard him say it. Now the poison thing, that's different...
Bum squad
No one really believe Wilder excuses.
Gypsys from the uk are born and raised for fighting its part of there culture
Real talk Ernie Shavers was stealing souls in the ring. Does NOT get the respect due
Wilder had done his best to not fight anyone of any true class. How many champions has he fought?
I joined spotify
Deontay wilder losing is like Donald trump losing
Guy acting like fury made him wear that costume
He avoided AJ and got smashed by Fury lol
Bullies can't handle it when you're not scared of them and you'll fight back
Tyson had a former trainer come out saying that Tyson tested those gloves not all the one on his hands on him and he videod tysons gloves missing padding. Idk but I do feel like Tyson did cheat as far as the gloves go. He was using those Mexian companies gloves that the other guy used and had the padding out of them. I think I seen enough evidence that at least should be a third fight
It's unfair that Fury fights the way he does being as big as he is.
He’s embarrassed that he got beat by a white dude
Joe didn't mention why Tyson changed his mind in crashing his car into a wall
Not gonna lie ..... something was definitely wrong with fury gloves.  After seeing the replays he was cheating and not wearing the glove right.    Then when I saw he got caught doing it in other fights.  He just cheating.  Go watch it....
He must know now that every fighter has got his number now
If you don't believe wilder, you have no reason to, but it's kind of crazy he get dismissed and called a liar , they called cotto crazy until he was caught red handed
deontay wilder has a deadly right hook one of those and ur on the ground but he has nothing else he has no movement no skill nothing
Fury cheated https://youtu.be/IUxaHoG11c0
Wilder needs to learn how to boxing, before competing into a proffesional boxing.
The worlds “most feared man” was beating by a Halloween costume
Wilder the worst unskilled boxer ever the guys awful
Come on joe. We all know fury won that 1st fight. It was fixed to set up the second fight!!!!
Deontay wilder has more excuses than a pregnant nun.
Ever notice how the people accusing fury of cheating are all black?
When Anthony Joshua lost, he made no excuses, and Wilder ridiculed him on Twitter. When Wilder lost, he blamed it on his batman suit being too heavy FFS.
No mention of floppy 🥊. And a bias comment section
I just wanna appreciate the boxing community and mma community for how much respect they show each other
I have to correct one thing, Luis Ortiz does not have great pedigree, he never won anything of note an amateur.
Wilder really pulled a trump, huh
If Fury beats AJ, then I might want to see Anthony Joshua vs Deontay Wilder.
You cant tell me when you look at furys gloves they're not flapping look closely to his gloves and tell me I'm wrong
One thing that I really liked is that they’re not at all bashing Deontay, they’re more just saying how it’s disappointing how he reacted to the loss, but still praising him. Respect
Was really enjoying this video, until Joe said that Wilder is an amazing guy. Fuck him and his daughter. Video disliked and I’m off.
I'd love to see Wilder fight Trevor Bryan for the WBA belt.
Fury fucking cheated period 😂😂😂 who can’t see them gloves
I met Earnie Shavers. He had the biggest fists I had ever seen. They were like lunchboxes.
Furry is the man
Keep eye on frank Sanchez
Tyson Furi is fucking cheater I swerd
The penisy badguy
They build-up Ernie shavers but earning showers loss to Jerry quarry and Tex Cobb Shavers record was not good Is built up to fight Muhammad Ali in the twilight of his career  Ali suffered brain damage Most experts and physician say Ali should've retired after the jimmy young fight
Fury broke Wilder physically, mentally and spiritually. If their is a 3rd fight Fury would break Wilder’s career. Wilder needs to bring in smart people and needs to actually listen.
Luis resto Antonio margitto all cheated but because Tyson fury skin color he can’t cheat especially winning against a black fighter who ko everyone in front of him including fury
Wilder vs Francis ngannou
i feel if you feel the fights unfair say something there have them cut the gloves dont wait til later lol
Fury def cheated
There were definitely a few shots of the gloves looking rrrrreeeeeeaaallll suspect, looking very foldy if you will
If there is evidence of someone cheating, its not a question of *if* he could actually be cheating, but *how* he was able to be cheating although both parties checked his gloves. Cheating in boxing happened countless times and each time there was a new way. Its just like a magic trick, the result of every magic trick is the same, but the trick itself is always done differently, not knowing how it was done or thinking that its not possible to be done, doesn't mean  it wasn't done at all...  With all due respect, yes Furry is a better boxer than wilder, but how can u say that its easily disproven that Furry cheated and his gloves were not attached correctly ? There is overwhelming evidence in the first fight, that Furry only put his gloves halfway on his left hand, so he had a longer reach and could hit him with the unpadded inner part of his bones below the palm, hence why we saw him "slapping" so often. His gloves make impossible movements, for someone who puts his hands fully in the glove, and possible movements for someone who only puts his hand halfway in. Also u can clearly see (in the first fight), that his hand wrap on the left hand was extending much further from the end of his boxing gloves, than on the right side, meaning his right glove was attached correctly and his left glove was only put on halfway. Also what's up with the  guy checking and manipulating Furry's left glove in between rounds ?  If he did all that in the first fight, im 100% sure he cheated in the second fight as well coming out of a draw, this should definitely be professionally examined. Saying that it was impossible for him to cheat because both parties checked on his gloves before the fight is an extremely weak argument.
This man has been an underdog in every fight he has thought starting with VK... keeps on answering
Wilder is ruining what name he has left. Will never be the same after all these excuses. Just take it as a loss and move forward!! Dont be a whiney bitch please.  Nothing looks worse in my eyes
I think it was Ali or Holmes that said Shavers hit them so hard it caused a foot cramp.
The best MMa dude in the game and  Toe Rogan
Imagine in the third fight breland is in his corner...
Wow
More to it imo
salty people. And i know why they want to take this away from him.
Wilder isn't used to fighters who are very very aggressive he is used to fighters who are very very patient
40 pounds is around 18 kgs. I trekked with a 18 kg bag to Everest Base camp. There is no way, 18 kg bag will wear anyone out in 20 minutes let alone a supreme athlete
Americans claiming they were cheated hahahhaha Biggest cheats of all time. Think of the amount of fighters robbed in the states. Mayweather also got 1
Idk about excuses but video don’t lie and Tyson fury cheated
If his glove bending at a 90 degree angle which is physically impossible unless you broke your hand is easily proven then prove it and why can't he produce those gloves you won the heavyweight championship fight and you throw the gloves away and the gloves are missing no one throws any Ivan boxing shorts or anything from a championship fight 2 way everyone keeps them forever because they sell and their memorabilia and have sentimental value
These are Trump type excuses lmao.
Wilder and  his toxic fanbase are making Americans look real bad at the moment! I just don't understand why it is they can't accept the defeat! For the whole of Wilders career they've had him up on a pedestal, to the point of fanaticism.
The man is an absolute delusional freak!! Should of threw the towel in faster he’s brains  damaged coming out with the crap he his and those cringe 😬 worthy slowwwwww speeches 🤣come on DEONTAY get your head in the game man Jesus 🤥
Wilder a great man😂😂 a low life piece of trash
Fury used weighted gloves...hes  the great " " cheat
Ariel is seething
Deontay” toothpick legs” wilder is a fake ...he reminds me of charlie zelenof now ... the emperor wears no clothes ... he was just coasting on bluff and it worked ....but now we know ..and the toothpick  has no more game ...its just sad to watch ..pathetically sad
Poisoned water bottle, must have been the same MMA ninjas that tampered with Nick Diaz's IV!
Please ask Breland on the show to explain his side.
Fury cheated https://youtu.be/m8ApVzTS_OQ why do thing he was cheating in sparring. He did that to get use to punching with his fist in the wrist. To perfect his cheating skills.
Was Wilder coming to fight or raid Castle Grayskull?
Black supremacist can't handle that the white guy who beat him is superior.
Hey go to 7:45 https://youtu.be/AZlpFBGr5B8
Tyson fury is a phenomenal boxer!
White privilege! lol.
The doctor said he had something in the glove
Didn’t know we was doubting Ortiz wasn’t a human boxer?!
Good to see rogan talking out on this farce that has become wilder and he’s delusional fan base.
I was waiting for Rogan to pull up the Fury floppy glove evidence video when they were disputing it??? He usually does.!? I just watched it, and this was the next video lol
wilders latest excuse,  I have just found out I am a woman in a mans body, i reached down my pants and found a hole their, whilst  fury found two titanium balls lol
"The great eraser" can't erase Wilder's overall lack of skills, ring IQ and creativity.
Way to pull peoples history through the mud joe ....Jesus what an asshole
Joe Should Re-Address This Now That The Abundundance Of Evidence Says Otherwise. Be Fair Joe.
Could Prime Mike Tyson KO Wilder?
"WHAT THE FUCK WAS THAT" HAD ME CRYING 😂😭💯
It’s a damn shame. I really liked Wilder but he has proven himself a bad loser and an entitled jerk. Fury just beat the shit out of him, simple as that.
From being a winner and champion, Wilder has become a total loser with his comments. Should take his 1st professional defeat with dignity, get back into training. Will be hard, ' that's what makes a true champion' .
This guy forreal blamed his cosplay for the loss lol
All of Deontae’s wilders s excuses are stupid but fury did cheat by scooting his hand down in the glove to not have any padding while hitting Deontae.
Tyson "Sloppy Glove" Fury
Dude had the flattest feet in boxing.
There is a racial undertone here. Them gloves were very suspect. Tyson fury is the great white hope and Wilder is the villian. That first fight was not a draw either it was a KO
I don't hate wilder for making these excuses, I just want him to go to therapy and get himself in a better mental state. This is legitimately unhealthy behavior and he should talk to someone who isn't a yes-man about what's going on with him.
People forget Wilder has metal rods in his right arm.
Thanks for sharing this!
I don’t believe all that but I do think Tyson got lucky with the shot to the ear
the majority of this seems to big up Wilders previous exploits....mainly ignoring the fact he got his head punched in by a superior boxer and a fighting man.
I think Wilder has been hit in the head too many times. All of this sounds like some paranoid delusions.
New Zealand it's not tiny  Hahaha
Wilder wasn’t prepared to listen the Larry Holmes who had the best jab ever in heavyweight boxing. Wilder is to set in his ways and mind set of he has an eraser and just needs to land it.
Boxing is a dirty sport. Fights are fixed all the time. The whole thing seemed like a setup. Fury was 40 pounds heavier had  a bare fist loose glove and less padding in his glove and still couldn't knock Wilder out. The tape shows that Wilder clearly wasn't himself. Boxers are drugged all the time. These guys are clueless
I don't know man. Fury has a long history of cheating and steroid use
Tyson’s style is just great for breaking down deontays and I don’t think he can wrap his head  around that.
So explain why fury gloves look like that then?
wow im done with this hope insurance...we all know fury cheated..  and if joe is an athlete how does he explain fury physical transformation with mental health to be back and capable to compete at such a high level  ”maybe he’s awesome or change of strategy”  crazy shit....   Fury is a bum ( lacks power) and they cheated..fury doesn’t have a single bomb..he’s got egg weights hence the need for room in the gloves  its  not rocket science.. wow its sad Rogan used to at least stand from a point of reason and truth...but wow that must be over   fuck feints don’t dent a mans skull
Listen, Deontay Wilder will make up anything to discredit Fury's victory! And so will his gay fanboys. 😂
IF sumn was wrong with his gloves....or egg weights is in his gloves...arent the gloves taken off by the match commission and inspected?? has anyone heard anything from the match commission???
Spotify is such a bad platform for videos. I am legitimately trying to enjoy jre, but it's just not a good video platform.
You can clearly see Furys floppy gloves on camera so why would you say it isn't true Joe smh
Wilder is a bad lower and to be perfectly honest he not a great fighter. Seems to be all over the place. Has a deadly right but that's about it when I watched him. Tyson on the other hand moves like a middle weight for a big man he can move. He gave wilder a  boxing lesson.
With all the excuse Wilder is making. Imagine the amount of content Fury has to roast Wilder, if there is 3rd fight.
Broke: Breland is a great man. He should be thanked for saving Deontay Wilder. Woke: Breland sucks. He should have let Wilder get hammered a few more times and let him become a vegetable.
This is just sad
Tyson did cheat the evidence is everywhere on YouTube these guys are just sucking off Tyson
Pull the 📷 up then Jamie
Wait does the guy who is talking to joe rogan play Brian in family guy?
Wilder and paulo costa just cant imagine that they'd lose
Wilder said on JRE that he trains in a 45lb suit lmao
I used to be a huge fan of Wilder, I was sad when he got demolished by Fury but all these excuses hes making are really making me not like him.
I used to walk around in a 40 pound vest like it wasnt shit, your a trained fighter ik them legs skinny as hell but he should be able to handle that
Luke thomas is 💯 jewish, hates white people and is sadomasochistic
If Wilder was white. People wouldn’t give him such a hard time for his comments.
"Got suicidal thoughts," thought that was just part of living in this crazy place.
Wilder couldnt ko Zelenoff.  The guy is a chump.
The thing about the gloves is 100% true.
Am I the only one who thinks a professional boxer shouldn't even notice 40lbs distributed across your entire body on a short walk?  Idk I thought that's how athleticism works.
Clearly cheated. Just look it takes 30 seconds https://youtu.be/6CZqV2uLrrA
Wilder cannot take a loss
Y’all know why Wilder really lost!? Because he fought bums before Fury. Fury worked his ass and he just can’t handle it. Fury is really 2-0 bs Wilder if it weren’t for a poor decision for a draw. Wilder should retire. Dude is showing signs of being punch drunk. First he blames his LED suit he picked out, next he accuses of glove tampering even though his team watched the entire process. I mean come on man
Joe how tf do you know I hate that you say shit like its true start back fact checking yourself sir
Lots of boxers have come out and said Fury's gloves didnt look right. Looks like he slipped his fist down in the glove, and was basically hooking him with no padding on the inside.
Wilder would have got seriously hurt if that towel didn't get thrown in.
Egg weights?
All Wilder is doing is detracting from his legacy. How about just saying “Fury was the better fighter tonight. I’ll come back better next time.” This is beyond ridiculous
Joe Rogan don’t defend fury cause you have black people on your side ... the only reason is the glove ... U don’t fight ..:. And you didn’t see how differnt wildered look.... don’t wanna be a racist now.. we not picking sides but truth is truth ... try me
Wilder is a joke got whipped fairly & can’t just admit it, he’s extremely one dimensional only relying on his right hand maybe wearing BLM bullshit armor was a mistake
Wilder and Trump obviously went to the same Excuse Academy.
Just went through comments and not a single person is smart enough to do their own research and just believe that Fury was innocent, this is sad. Wilder is not the boy who cried wolf, Fury was found guilty and had something in his gloves. LOOK IT UP DOUBTERS
Okay I respect Joe (have no idea or knowledge of other guy but… seems like you may know boxing so… okay, respect I guess) but not ONCE did they mention the ACTUAL FACT, Fury’s gloves. Talked about TODO else, how great of a fighter he is, he came from tough times (no disrespect to Fury AT ALL) but on the real my nigga who hasn’t. 12 min of a convo about nothing really. Never talked about Fury’s weighted gloves fully at all and avoided all proof of his gloves being weighted, letting y’all all know now. And before you say I’m wrong, Wilder was actually found right and Fury DID have weighted gloves so… yeah, not a good look now
deyontay mate just cop it sweet and go again. be you as in there's no shame in what happened it's a great thing on anyone's behalf to fight anyone in any situation. be you in you and perhaps not blame anything on anything as everything that happens to anyone of age and understanding will always be on only themselves which is true life otherwise perhaps you'll never be you which will hurt more in future than right now. all the best to you as in you whatever you do.
Egg weights ?
how about this 4 a revelation!!! "DEONTAY WILDER CANT BOX" & any1 who thinks different is a deluded, uneducated , sycophant💩✌
SOOOO WHY CAN YOU SEE HIS KNUCKLES? HOW DOES HIS HAND BEND AT AN 90 DEGREE ANGLE?
Deontay is scarred forever ... he’s tasted defeat I don’t think he’ll ever b the same again... he looked like a completely different fighter the second fight and he only drawed the fight before... imagine is mind state after a loss
I’m sure they will apologize when Tyson fury found guilty
Zdeno Chara might be the only other person to be the size of wilder and have scary power . Mind you he does it on skates with bare nucks
Anybody get confused when they were talking about Wilder's power hand and specifically characterized it as a "straight right"? I must have missed some footage cause it always looks like a full on haymaker with nothing straight about it.
Wilder left out invisible alien's involvement.
Breland should actually sue him. Would he have a case do you think ?
I thought Rogan was smarter than this. You can see Fury's laughable deflated mitt before the glove touch and throughout the fight. Fury clearly altered it. The boxing officials in charge of safety for WilderVSFury 2 are incompetent. FYSA, Tyson is a confirmed cheater. I am referring to him currently facing a life ban from boxing for doping. Don't look to people who don't box for advice on boxing situations. That's stupid, people. God Bless
Fury cheated big time
Fury cheated big time PussyBoi
Wilder takes being a bad sport to a cry for help. Seriously, he probably has anosognosia from TBI. Just saying.
Probably blame it on the aliens so many Americans have been abducted why not him 😂😂😂😂😂
Wilder career is almost gone.
Wow! I find this convocation to be be funny as hell. In Fury vs klitschko he was using PEDS and was suspended for 5 years. I swear ppl just don't know there shit. Stick to mma.
The glove conspiracy is real. When they removed Fury’s gloves, they found two massive fists in there which were attached to two massive arms. Those arms, after some deep investigation, were found to be on the end of a boxer with far, far superior skills and ring craft and not on the end of a heavy hitting dosser.
Hey Im a neutral Party. I dont care for either fighter. I like pacquiao, Tyson, Ali, etc. But Fury did cheat. A cheating pattern is there for Fury. Fury's pillow did actually do some damage.   The real damage is Wilder got hit by the bent pillow gloves. Wilder was not aware of the bare knuckle gloves. The gloves gave Fury added unknown reach advantage. Also, the pillow gloves have a delayed whiplash bounce on contact. This made think....wtf, why those jabs getting through at all angles. This caused Wilder to do what he normally doesnt do.   Payback is a b...tch. wilder knocked you down 1st match at too late of the round. This time, it will be early and many knock downs. I would pay to watch justice served.
I’m old enough to remember when Joe made millions for making ppl eat shit. Oh wait it’s still happening. .... Tyson cheated the gloves were clearly tampered with.
Cannot see 60 percent rise in power in such short time, he took the strategy and cheated with power !
Gbh bare knuckle,  tampered glove and no padding,  wilder was concussed so can let the earlier comments go when the dust settles truth matters
All the Wilder crybaby's 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣
There is no denying that Tysons left glove wasn’t on properly it’s literally obvious if you watch both fights, I still think fury would’ve won regardless but to deny that is ridiculous.
Would love to see big John fury on the pod
Deontay's right hand is WILD His skills are WILD  His twerking is WILD!!!  His excuses are WILD, maybe the wildest of all time lol  Even his fans are WILD  Has there ever been anybody wilder?   Maybe his name should be Deontay #Wildest of all time.
Christian warrior Tyson Fury
Lol wilder had a dent in his head .. an I guess fury j did tht
Can we take a moment to say tht fury cheated
I have never heard one person explain why the gloves were flopping and why you can see his knuckle print in what’s supposed to be a padded gloves. Everybody just glosses over that part lol Joe Rogan just said that wasn’t the case and it’s easily provable but didn’t prove it. If someone could answer that question it would shut everyone up instantly but it just looks more and more sus that no one can give an answer to what we can all clearly see with our eyes lol
once a cheater, always a cheater🤣 Y’all really think that u can get a dent in ur skull with boxing gloves...?? man don’t make me laugh go do your research.
🤘I like luke Thomas but I swear Luke is fucken borring with hes MMA break downs and explanations..😂
You would say that you bias prick a blind man could see them gloves were tampered with,  they just wanted wilder to lose by any means nessasery and that includes cheating
Joe have been silent for some time, and that clown your with have said nothing since the proof & truth has come out.But some truth you and your clown have neglected to mention: Tyson F. was suspended for PFDs;then Tyson was literly caught in the beginning of the 1st round with a tamped glove and the ref made them go get another pair of gloves in the middleof the fight, neither you or the clown bother to investigatr Fury.The whole story about Fury going to the rehabe center was maide up!You two give new meaning the phrase white men speak with fork Tongue.Facts have out that even in the 1st fight the hand was loaded and these statement are now being co-oberated by some of Fury's own team; Yet you chickens have recanted nothing; The story about the costum did not come from Wilder:The story that Wilder delaying the automatic rematch and not wanting one came Fury, BBC and Bob Arum, but you did no fact check when they paid you to peddle them lies.The Sh- t gets deeperThere were at least 4 times where tampered gloves were caught and exsposed even one fatality and guess what not 1 single time did the Boxing Commision catch it it was the trainers never the Commision: You would think after a death the money would not over ride the life & truth.Let hear your comment or that UFC clown if between the 2 of you has the balls to respond.Good luck sell outs.We know who owns you!
1) I like how they didn’t address Fury’s floppy gloves! How can you just side step how crazy Tysons gloves looked! 2) Why didn’t they address the fact that Tyson has been caught cheating 3 times already! Literally he got caught for not having his hand in the glove once before!!! So don’t make Wilder sound crazy, TYSON HAS CHEATED BEFORE! I’d understand if Tysons whole career he was clean but Tyson IS NOT A CLEAN FIGHTER! Tyson biggest win against Klitchko....he cheated, he was on steroids that fight. ABSOLUTE FACT. No way around it
Wilder is a racist. Walked out to a racist song during black history month, only to get spanked by a random white guy and then sewed up afterward by a white doctor. Abject humiliation for a racist like Wilder, which is why his racist ego can’t take it.  And psychhotic racist black supremacists raging in 3..2..⬇️.
90 degree angle on fury glove in both fights was crazy let’s be honest it really looks like his hand was in collar of the glove.
For someone who use to fight joe ... have you ever seen fight gloves bend at a 90-100degree angle ? Not bag gloves . 10 ounce gloves that Tyson fury had .. nobody bends a hook like that his fist was obviously in the wrist area that would allow you to hit someone with your bare fist . That does change the fight all you dumb asses saying bare knuckle boxing is dumb that’s basically what you witnessed and Tyson fury has been caught tampering and cheating in practice see what Nicholas Asberry had to say. I actually thought you’d have something to say but no and for the dumb ass sitting across from you who’s probably never been in a fight what the hell do you know lmao have you ever even put on some boxing gloves and I’m 22. He could’ve had a egg weight in the gloves you don’t know he obviously cheated by his hands not being where they were supposed to be and that’s facts you can look at the pictures or videos from both fights. 1st fight he had his hand in the wrist area so he was hitting him with bare knuckle 2nd fight he had something or took out padding from the glove you could see impressions from his knuckle in picture and video. Wilder himself never said anything about the weight of the suit the MEDIA took that and ran with it like you guys always do and it’s not surprising lol what’s the predominate race in that field ... exactly. I’d like to see a new video soon !
Deonte is not the best boxer is not the best boxer. Full stop. But to pretend fury is not a cheater is dumb. Boar meat? Really? Plus he is know to take padding out his gloves in sparring. The commission never catches cheating either so it's definitely possible
That Wilder has not gone to court is all the proof that one needs that he is just compensating for inadequacies he knows of.  Tyson beat the heck out of him and the whole world saw it.
Slappy slappy....
How is it not true joe won’t even do no research because they are white like fury it’s crazy how they try to make so far fetched but fury has cheated before so there all BS💯
I can tell whos British in the chat
How wilder have a dent in his head, and blood coming from his ear with cushioned gloves. Stop. Dude cheated. And is scared of a trilogy.
If they saw the pictures of those gloves in the second fight and say something isn't up. They are dishonest as hell and giving out that hope insurance. Sad
No wonder your own people are trying to edit you. You have no idea what you’re talking about Joe, next time research the topic before saying anything. Fury cheated and he has been cheating through out his career. He just got caught is why Wilder is suing him.
Lmao i like how y’all just skim over the glove convo. Man fury has NO POWER! And if you don’t think his gloves were CLEARLY tampered with 2nd fight... then you are apart of the problem!!
Deontey Wilder can wake up the dead from the grave with his million lies.The worst boxer in America history full of one million and one excuses
Esau is a liar and a deceiver y'all with no toe truth which you see in that video you will not explain just call Wilder a liar even his injuries shouldn't be that severe boxing with gloves to have padded his goal was dented fury do not punch hard y'all just lier
Sad thing is he has only ruined any legacy he might of left. It really is sad
Can you please explain the gloves
The glove is u doubtful tampered with in some way
Can we acknowledge the Patsy Cline Crazy intro? Deontay had to be like WTF?
I don’t see how you can watch boxing your whole life and not see something wrong with the angels of his gloves! Hate to bring race into this but “ the great white hype” is real and a win must be up held at all cost.
So cool to see Luke on JRE. Years in the making.
So if Wilder just making excuses.  Instead of dismissing it saying it's not true. Explain why his glove are flopping 🤷🏾‍♂️. Explain why his hand wraps had blood on them 🤷🏾‍♂️. Explain why you can see his Knuckles through the gloves. Especially from a fighter who cheated before with glove tampering.
Dontays street cred score not even good enough to buy an good excuse
AKHi TV is another one of those clowns slandering Tyson Fury’s name. You should get this guy on your show and set straight.
You know, Wilder lost all credibility with the body suit excuse! Now these accusations have promoted him to King Douche Bag status!!!
I feel sorry for all the wilder fanboys that actually believe the excuses coming from him
Racism excuses reality for those who use nonsense to justify what they see. Time will tell.
6.40 when talking about ortiz doesn't the other guy speaking refer to ortiz as a 'human boxer'. As opposed to what Haha
I never really rated Wilder as a boxer. I always rated him as a fighter, and rated his attitude and self belief. But now it's clear his attitude is as poor as is boxing skills. His self belief has sky rocketed though....ha ha.
Wilder is just a skinny charles martin
Brug fury put a dent in his head
This Thursday November 2020 the WBC had a fight and where they caught a WBC sponsor glove with no padding just like Dante Wilder after the fight was over not before it the WBC signed off on the boxing gloves they caught the fighter I don't think Dante Walters line I think some of us are hoping that he lost one way or the other but for boxing sake and investigation needs to be done because your favor fighter can be done the same exact way
Fury clearly cheated anyone who believes otherwise is a fool
Fury cheating as always, now ducking Joshua because he got caught
1. Wilder never said his costume weighed too much and wore his legs down. That’s a concocted media story. Funny how the media ran so fast with that unsubstantiated bs story but ignored everything else he said.  2. Wilder is not the only one accusing Fury of using loaded gloves. Fury has a history of glove tampering, juicing, dirty tactics, wild boar meat? ... stop. 3. Nick Asberry sparred Fury for the rematch and he said “Fury used gloves with “padding removed” and “used egg weights” in his gloves. Wilder didn’t make any of this up. The real “bummer” is that a host of Black fighters claimed this well before Wilder and no media outlet covered that story. Not even Joe Rogan.  3. If Fury is such a great superior fighter, why does he have a history of steroids, suspension, and eating wild boar excuses. This dude cheated in SPARRING!!!...in SPARRING!! Interview Fury sparring partner for the Wilder rematch, Nick Asberry. If you’re gonna do real informative interviews, fk this clown you’re interviewing Joe. Interview Nick Asberry. All the smoke and mirrors you guys are showing the public won’t make this go away. 🤷🏽‍♂️
Wilder is a bum
You're gonna eat your words Mr Joe Rogan😁
It's called brain damage
I seen the videos of the fight, Tyson gloves did look real awkward, you guys need to go look at that fight the gloves were flopping as he was swinging awkwardly.. There's no doubt if you know what your looking at..
Don't give a fuck about Wilder anymore. Guy should be absolutely world class, and he's not even close.  The ONLY fight that needs to happen is Joshua v Fury.
Wilder got facts to back this stuff up yall just talk junk and believe w.e some1 tell you can see with yo own eyes his fist was in the lower part of his glove the man already got caught  taking steroids he known for cheating he cheats even in sparring
Well, Deontay 'Poor Me' Wilder' clearly just cannot get his big, dumb, self-loving head around the fact that it simply is not true that - as both he and all his sycophants have always claimed - '"The other fighter has to be perfect for TWELVE ROUNDS, whereas I - Deontay - just have to be perfect for ONE SECOND'.. Ahem.. clearly that was just NEVER the fact  when it came down to fighting a MUCH greater boxer!!.. In fact, as per the  'proof in the pudding' of the actual fight itself, Tyson Fury only had to fight pretty much the perfect fight (to beat this one-trick, flat-track-bully, POWNEE, anyway!!)  for A FEW ROUNDS to set up EXACTLY how totally OPPOSITE to Wilder's self-hype believing crap  this particular fight was EVER going to go!! .. Moreover.. he now, having clearly 'totally lost the plot' can spout nothing but unfounded and increasingly ridiculous blame and disrespect against EVERYONE ELSE, including cheating accusations against what was his OWN - far classier than he ever could be! - cornernerman, Mark Breland, a TRUE legend of the sport of boxing!!.. It now seems increasingly self-evident, to myself at least, that Deontay Wilder has either had a full-on mental breakdown (in which case I genuinely hope he recovers soon!) OR he has merely proved himself to be, perhaps what he always WAS, a big, swinging, bully, who, character-wise, is no more than a pathetic excuse for a man who simply cannot handle losing, and is certainly no TRUE 'sportsman'!!!!
Let’s be honest, Wilder is tight because he lost to a white guy.
WTF only just heard about the poison water thing. He needs to to just stfu he's doing an Adrien Broner and just alienating people
Tyson Fury found Jesus Christ. Christ is his savior. Joe i love you man but it matters . believe in Christ first and all things are possible.
Bernard Hopkins - one of the best ever - could crack the code of his opponents. With Kelly Pavlick he took away his right hand, moving away from it; with Felix Trinidad, he led with a short-snappy right, keeping Trinidad from throwing that dreaded left-hook. Tyson Fury cracked the code for Wilder: figured out how to whoop him...just about the time Wilder begin believing all his press-agents, comparing himself to all the all-time greats. Like the really greats, like Joe Louis after Max Schmeling, Wilder can learn from his mistakes or continue with the excuses....
Twerk Squad!!
Wilder is just a poor loser,  he can't handle that fact that he lost to a superior Boxer..Lost his first pro fight and now making stupid excuses.
The first fight was a draw if you were blind, or a corrupt American judge.  Tyson beat the shit out of him in the second, and completely out pointed him in the first. Wilder can't box.
Shadow Boxing hours feinting and faking...my mind is blown away! Wow!
the ol a frame stance. this guy dont know shid abowed boxin
Fury hurt him so bad that he’s living in a parallel universe lmao.
Without offending both Joe Rogan and Dana White, at one time I thought they were the same dude. Sorry 😄👍
Really enjoyed this podcast, actually.
Wilder is so lost and out of control right now he got rid of the one person in his life that wasn't as sycophant. This is a pivotal moment for him and he's blowing it, and it concerns me if he's going to end up another pitiful broke fighter that didn't have the sense to know what was important in life. Go back and look at you earlier interview where he's like "oh man I don't know where all that power comes from " it was classic Joe cool big time athlete ego nausea. Losing was always going to look like this with him. I would suggest he really have a true come to Jesus moment.
The only people who think Fury cheated are the ones who don't know anything about boxing.
I do blame his coaches a little bit Wilder can't throw combos when all you throw is a 1,2 punch your not gonna win against Fury like that
Each excuse manages to be more classless than the last. Wilder needs to take the loss and move on
Tyson fury is a chronic cheater, band from fighting in the uk for cheating , caught multiple times for peds, but no one is mentioning it. He's a fake champion period.
Wilder looks fucked
Fury been cheating for a while now 🤔
Weve seen film footage of furys glove angles in that fight...definitely tampered with...no surprise...wake up!
Deontay Wilder still going on about the Fury fight, TILL THIS DAY?!!!
6:44
Just imagine if Wilder had simply said: "I lost fair and square. Will come back stronger. Respect to Fury. Piece!".
I want Joe to talk more about Boxing, love his thoughts
Is it true that americans don't like to lose? Sorry, President Trump, i didn't mean you.
Wilder is not a boxer he is a puncher and a one hand one punch puncher at that. He might say it was his suit his trainer, he was drugged and the ref was weak but nothing explains how in both fights with Fury he only hit him with one meaningful punch that Fury got up from. Fury humiliated him
Wilder is the typical example of someone who’s at the top of their game with no loses who then loses and makes every excuse known to man
This guy loves trump so don't expect much..
Conor, wilder and costa. 3 stooges
Lol all you hatin on wilder but wouldn’t say shit to him in person
Wilder sounding like Adrien Broner! WTF?!?
Can't understand how Fury, apart from being a huge man, became a boxing champion.
Wilder is a clown for saying all this nonsense, Breland has always been a stand up guy it’s why he is respected in the sport.
Wilder is weak minded, big and bad while hes winning and crumbles as soon as the chips are down. He was all ego
Fools got more excuses than a pregnant nun you got schooled and outboxed he’s been found out
Explain the gloves
Smh, Fury cheated not an opinion.
I expect this out of your Channel smdh
Idk it looks really weird how his gloves bend back
I’m not saying fury cheated that night. Irdk. But why are we acting like fury DOSENT have a history of cheating. Go back to one of his sparring partners being PISSED at him because he took “cushion” out of his glove for sparring. It’s not a COMPLETELY baseless claim. Ref Marcus mcdonald also cause fury doing something fishy with his glove as well before a fight and made his corner correct it. It was also his left hand. Like I said idk if he cheated but he has a history of funny shit. Also, let’s not forget his “tainted boar meat” story lmao. People slam Jon Jones for his alleged led usage, but fury can blame shit on boar meat? Gtfoh
Fury won the 1st fight as well.
Don't forget wilder's guys were saying the ref cheeted in the 1st fight which is insane.
Didn't Wilder just win mediation??
I am wondering if he beat Wilder so bad why is Fury ducking the trilogy?
It'd be cool to see Chuck Norris on The Joe Rogan Experience ha
Fury cheated podcast is hella biased...Joe rogan moved to Texas and been having weak Podcast ever since
Clearly the smarter man won the fight. Stop making excuses and learn to admit when you f#cked up.
Finally some American guys who arnt completely biased and dillusional about Wilder, a breath of fresh air
DAM, I THOUGHT YOU WAS A REAL DUDE ROGAN.
Massive Tyson Fury fan. Dont agree with JR saying "glove gate" is easily disproved. The slow motion videos look TERRIBLE for the Fury camp
Fury living rent free with his slippers up on the table in Wilders head forever
Fury took his soul ... this is it, believe me
Prince naseem was tiny but had so much power.
Breland saved Wilders life in a way, if he didn't throw in the towel wilder could of suffered uncalled for extra punishment which would of effected his life his kids would be without a full functioned dad.
Some Bias Ego youtube channel will be the one getting sued. The dude keeps sucking on Wilder. Every video he makes ,it's about fury cheating. The dude is Bias and needs to just marry Wilder lol
More excuses for loosing than Donald Trump.
Joe regan you didn’t talk about fury’s sparring partner exposing it👀 there’s mountain of evidence behind the glove situation deontay wilder has just now spoke on it what are you talking about
We all saw the picture of that glove guys.  No matter how good Fury is... it doesn't explain that glove.
The gloves though... What about being able to see his knuckles? For real, how do you explain that? Fury's got great movement, hits like Taylor though (Katie, that is). Usually anyway, but I bet it hurts more when his knuckles are clearly showing through the gloves.
Look at the level of delusion in the comment section.  People are terrified to admit there was something weird with the glove just because people might use it as an excuse for his win.  The facts don’t care about any of that shit.
Sour grapes, get over it Deontay.
Wilders issue is that he only had 80 IQ going into the fight..
Who has the best excuse for losing McNuggets or Wilder ?
So Im suppose to feel bad that you dressed up like an ass clown instead of taking the fight seriously? I mean the "weight vest" is a dogshit excuse anyways but still even then thats entirely on you. You coulda walked out like a normal human as soon as you seen it was too heavy. Thats on you bih.
One thing that people are not taking into consideration about the gloves is the effects of videography/photography, Things like shutter speed, frame rate, motion, stabilization, etc can produce the look of a glove in that position. Especially certain cameras, or brands of cameras are known for this more than others... Anyhow, fuck all this nonsense, If I was Wilder and I really believed that, I would just rematch him and prove that shit.... though he should really learn how to jab and establish that jab and use it with feints to set up his straight right.......
I was the biggest wilder fan now I fckin hate him after what he did to his trainer
Wilder is a tough SOB. He even said himself that he bangs his wife before a fight despite hearing that fighters shouldn’t do that. I hope he doesn’t try to use that as an excuse next. If he’s not careful, the 3rd fight Fury will have his gloves removed in the ring or let them take blood to disprove any excuses. Man, Wyler is still top 3 so he shouldn’t let this get to him to this day. Best thing he can do is study study study and knock Fury out. Excuses, especially from fighters, makes them look like extreme poor sports.
THE TRUTH.... http://www.youtube.com/shorts/E-evWwRMmRk
Clearly isn't a true champion, kinda tired of hearing his bullshit. He got out box wilder isn't a skilled boxer shoot there u go. Hit the gym and stfu seriously lol
Word is fannon boxing  channel and the rest of  the LDBC went on suicide watch after watching this clip.....
Football is the same way. Some dudes can lift the weight room but can't play for shit
If you want to see some left hand power take a look at some Daniel Dubois fights (he's fighting this month on the 28th I think)
Wilder wants to be a bully when he's winning and then he wants to be a cry baby when he loses.
Can anyone show me how the 2nd excuse (about the gloves being extended/not on correctly) was disproved?
What's the of the ___ of the foot? Joe: :The arch"  Lmao good thing Joe had his Alpha Brain and saved the day
So wait? Suicidal thoughts & considering killing yourself everyday isn't normal?
Couldn’t stand the way wilder made it a whole race thing before the fight with his black history bullshit entrance and all that shite
The egg weight thing is dumb, the suit thing is dumb too, but the floppy gloves thing sure seems to be true.
Wilder and his fans are still butt hurt TILL THIS DAY!
#Bitcoin is king 🤴
How come no ones taking about Tyson fury being caught cheating in his past?
Wilder tarnished his integrity and damn near lost his mind. A real champion takes a loss, learns from it and avenges it . Such a shameful and unprofessional way to take a loss.
They love the cheater!
Wilder needs to work on his boxing techniques instead of complaining 😓
Joe: Wilder has one in a billion people kind of power Francis Ngannu: Am I a joke to you ?
A random 12 min video cut from a 220 min video of a Luke Thomas and I still see him talking about Adesanya after 5 minutes
Fur coat look isn't cool, its ego.  Breland isn't stupid, if anything he's as good or better than RJJ as a boxer.  You don't believe he didn't think of concentrating on the left hand?  Does Wilder seem coachable to you?  He has 8 kids, by the way.  8.
The giant heavyweight boxer saying his cosplay was so heavy it cost him the fight 😂😂 That never gets old but he keeps on giving what the hell are you doing !? 😂
Guess fury's whole carreer was a lie he's really a knockout artist their bragging about him beating klitchko and he fucking popped for steroids
Why did he cut of his changing room camera and why did his glove bend 90 degrees
If you want to see the right way to handle a loss look at Conor Mcgregor's post fight interview and immediate analysis on why he lost to Nate Diaz in their first fight... In that moment he knew exactly where he'd gone wrong and the adjustments he needed to make for the second fight. He congratulated Nate on his performance and made no excuses. Conor winning the second fight with no excuses was the best way a man can handle a loss. Wilders mental health has completely gone, he's projecting onto everything and everyone else in an attempt to avoid his own inadequacies. Sad.
3rd fight will tell us all if he was legit cheated or not. That fight has to come because its contracted.
Deontay, probably correctly, has had critics his whole career. “Hes technically a poor boxer” “hes got one trick”.   This was absolutely the perfect chance to prove everyone wrong. Go away, go quiet and come back and beat down Fury. Id have massive respect for that journey. Much like Fury coming back from his depression  Now, Deontay is a joke
Fury punched whatever braincells he had left lmao. It's sad how bad the yesmen got in his head. Idk if he'll ever psychology recover from that loss. It's sad because he even said he trained with a 45lb vest when he was on JRE. He should've took the loss gracefully like AJ and trained his butt off for a comeback. These excuses will forever tarnish his legacy.
Wilder is 4 years older, and he didn't get into boxing until 20, he knocks down every and each opponent, including Fury, but unfortunately got tricked and they stole his win. He didn't need to fight again he doesn't need to prove nothing.
"Maybe tyson fury is fuckin awesome?" Truth
It made me think. To  be fighter you need to have self belief that borders on arrogance, all the time about yourself in your mind. So it made me think how this lockdown has made everybody paranoid and mentally ill but it affected a champion boxer in a different way.
Fury fans should be delighted. The excuses show he hasn’t mentally took ownership of his loss. That means he won’t have made any adjustments to his game. He’ll get blasted in the rematch.👍
Nice to see Luke here, he's always my source for MMA, great insights.  BTW, if Fury really did struggle with all those suicidal thoughts, it's not over.  That crap is no joke, and it is a lifetime of care and nurturing for yourself.
Joe it's actually easily proven that Furys gloves were in fact tampered with.
He’s a sore loser and can’t comprehend that Fury is by far the better boxer. Typical “I’m oppressed” idiot.
Fury obviously cheated. And Rogan knows enough about fighting to know it. Cover ups are whack.
I was going for fury but I’m gonna be real about this... fury took advantage of the rules with the gloves situation... And the situation with wilder I think wilder got some serious brain damage not even joking he got dropped really early lost equilibrium and still took around 6 more rounds of punishment that’s stuffs serious same thing happened to Fernando Vargas against Trinidad... other than that fury still the better fighter but I’m mad that he had to resort to the glove thing he didn’t even need it
Never understood fighters that come out with all the excuses after they lose, you had every chance to pull out of the fight if you were injured or unwell.  If you make excuses you just look incredibly weak and pathetic.
have you seen that video with him alone in the room saying your king is here, my people etc... you can see it in many of his interviews, Deontay is heavily delusional, i wouldn't be surprised if he goes into a losing streak, Fury fucked his brains out.
Man yall are stupid Tyson has been a cheater and for anyone who knows anything about boxing and u see that glove u know he cheated on both fights
Soooooo just disregard all the proof in the pics now? Y’all on some trump shxt😂☠️
Joe I'd like to hear you and your guest talk about Ramon Dekkers.
Alen babic would kill this guy
Wilder is a knockout artist. That's it. Just waits for that lucky punch. He has no skills or endurance. Fury knows the science of boxing. He flat out beat Wilder's ass. Fury exposed him big time!!
Fake Fake Fake excuses for a Fake ass fix
Ever since the charlie Z fight wilder hasnt looked the same!
I like how there was nothing but excuses when fury went down how many times first fight  and in contrast with wilder his excuses merit no imagination as with y’all’s boy fury who technically loss the first fight lol smh y’all are funny.  Wether he’s being legit or not imma give him the benefit of the doubt same way y’all do fury/Loma/conor
He was wearing the Watch Dogs Legion helmet
They're literally saying wilder and fury are two of the best ever... and there was nothing eerie about their last fight. What a moronic conversation between MEDIA SHILLS. Rogan sold his ass and hes just another newscaster controlling the narrative.  Dont believe this nonsense.
WILDER'S WIFE DRESSES HIM BTW
Can see him losing a good few $ after this latest dross. Boys maturity is painfully evident. First rule of fight club, take it on the chin and say nowt you big Dosser 😂
Tyson fury's way of life is cheating... Live in denial all you want.  Great white hope.  Lol
Ego protection mode.
Wilder got river blindness
I believe the fight was right but what if Wilder was right? I’m just saying
Lets talk some shit about the man and lets complement him at the end
Tyson was slapping with the jab with the glove like falling off in the first fight. And tyson was still slapping him in the 2nd
The dude kept saying "fainting" and I cringed every time he said it. Fainting is when you pass out you dummy. The term is feigning!
Puncher vs. Boxer
Compare him to Cotto, who never whinned although it was proven that Margarito was caught with hardened plaster in his gloves...instead of complaining, Cotto beat Margarito's butt...thats class.  Now what is Wilder a king of again?!🤔🤦‍♂️🤦‍♂️
britains not that small of an island, fair enough theres certain states in usa that are bigger but usa is massive! our "little" island produces a tyson fury, big america produces deontay " im delusional" wilder. "c,mon britain"!!!
I don't know why you people parking fury
Interview the Dr. that examined Wilder & let the Dr's report be the final word.
No good deed   goes  unpunished
Wilder making excuses to stir up controversy to get the trilogy. He’s doing what’s necessary for one more chance to beat Fury and recapture his title
- 🎵🎶 Knees weak, costume heavy His water’s been spiked already, legs spaghetti He’s nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting  That this time, he’s facing a top boxer now He tries to land, but he’s been countered now He’s choking, Fury’s beating his ass down now  The clock runs out, time’s up, over now Snap back to reality, there goes his sanity There goes the WBC, he choked He’s so mad, but he won’t accept graciously  He won’t have it, everyone was against him oh Gloves loaded, Bayless unfair, Breland a joke 🎵🎶
He might be physically alright but mentally he is gone. Bronze bomber doesn’t exist anymore.
Deontay Wilder - please stop! You are making an absolute fool of yourself! Prior to your fight's with Tyson Fury (as a Boxing fan) I enjoyed watching your fights on Youtube and could n't wait to see you boxing Tyson Fury. The man beat you fair and square (in my opinion) on both fights. The 2nd fight you were giving a boxing lesson - which in itself is nothing to be ashamed of as all the greats: Ali, Mike Tyson, Lennox Lewis were all beaten at one stage or another. However the way you are carrying on - the excuses about your costume, excuses about Tyson Fury's gloves which were put on under the supervision of your own team representative, the water doping excuse and now we have some new garbage about hands weights in Tyson Fury's gloves. Listen to yourself man! How any of your "bomb squad" can listen to this rubbish is beyond me. You are the worst example of a bad loser I have ever seen! Finally - before I finish ask yourself this - given all the nonsense you have been spouting and the damage you are trying to do to Tyson Fury's reputation and even if you had n't let your agreement for the 3rd fight expire - given your behaviour would you (in Tyson Fury's place) give yourself another big pay day! Not a chance! Grow up Deontay - you lost! End of story!
Maybe they are excuses but bro those gloves look suspicious. The water thing is bull , and his trainer saved his @$$
When was the last time a boxer had a dent in his head? You stupid fks. Br It's not the first time a boxer has tampered with gloves. They just accused Davis let me guess he's guilty right.
If  brains can be bought, Wilder should rush to the nearest store.
We got to see a third fight from these two guys. Then the cheating or excuse shit can be put to bed. JMO?
Y'all mention everything except he's been caught cheating before and he failed a steroid test which lead to his "retirement" or "depression". In note sure who lies more Fury or Trump.
The water poisoning is just absurd,  however I do think the gloves were tampered with.
People are just jealous of us big Caucasians
Wilder has contradicted himself so many times. The seemingly flappy gloves were in the 1st fight !! Yet afterwards he laughed off at Furys "pillow fists" !!! Then different excuses after the 2nd fight ... Its a shame. With that destructive right hand gift of God he could have build a legacy, but he did himself alot of harm now. His treatment of Breland is just shamefull. I dont miss the 3rd fight. All set for the British duel with AJ. Exciting!
Wilders legs...........     😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂
Joe Rohan has been SOLD!
Its literally slo mo video and still photos of Furys hands half in the glove so sounds dumb to say thats false. ...And all the "He got up and was winning the round!!!"  Is more bullshit. He got knocked down,  and it was 2 min left after he got up..he didn't throw a punch until almost a min left then started coming forward again with 40 secs left, threw body shots on the ropes and thats it. If you not a fan cool but when its clear video of the opposite of what you say the you look silly as fuck
Ahh shit everyone rogan goin to get scolded by wilder nut huggers!!! Rogan had him on his podcast awhile back but now watch everyone jump ship and say rogan is a racist and wilder hater!!! In reality he actually likes wilder!!!
Explain the glove.
Psychologists know that all it takes to program the human mind, is 3 months of repetition.  Say one thing enough times, and a certain percentage of people will believe it, weather its true or not.  The MSM has had 3.5 years of programming the public.  They didn't succeed because they got too greedy, with synchronized talking points everyday, one more outlandish than the next, has earned the MSM a lower rating than even Congress which is saying something.  You have been soldiers, the tip of the spear, in this digital war against your countrymen, you will therefore, be prosecuted as the combatants you are. Many like minded Patriots world wide have woken from their slumber, and now clearly see the malignancy of what you've become, one that must be excised like a cancer.  I am not in favor of a smooth landing for you, but President Trump has generously offered you a deal and I suggest you take it. You don't have much time to act. Last night President Trump Tweeted out that he will grant all whistle-blowers and will also trade full immunity for testimony from the MSM and election fraudsters.  Twitters reaction to Trumps tweet;  INSTANT REMOVAL so no one could see it.  No honor among thieves I guess. Twitter fears someone from its own side (the dark side), will take Trump up on his Deal, so they removed it before the MSM or election fraudsters could see it. Imagine all it will take is one of your colleges to spill his guts and your toast too, This is how fragile your Coup is !  Act now and you may save your life. The penalty for Treason is Death in the USA.  Continue your deception, and not one of you will continue to operate as you have, and nobody will shed a tear when punishment is meted out for your crimes. We The People will relish your Mussolini moment.  https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z3T_1b2Y57E
Tyson gloves look flicked. . idgaf.
i’m not sure where this man’s hair starts and where it ends
can we take a moment to remember all those who doubted fury.
There is a reason fury running from the trilogy
Easily provable . Prove it then joe. How does fury have blood on the knuckle of his hand wraps??????
Wilder is a joke, he’s complaining about a 40 lb suit, he needs something to build those bird legs, buck keck!
The pictures prove it bro sorry Joe. I love you but the gloves are fully folded. I learned of this way before wilder said anything.  If your saying his fist was not in the wrist part of the glove youre bullshit.  Also his corner man pulled his glove down. Plus he's been caught cheating before. Show the pictures dont be a twat.
It’s not that far fetched that Fury cheated. The guy gave up his belts in the UK to not get drug tested. Why would someone do that? His ppl also turned off the camera in the locker room before they started the tape job 🤔. And the pictures make it really obvious that something sus was going on. I don’t agree with the trainer excuse but we’re on the outside looking in.
Floyd maywheater said same
Rogan laughed cause Wilders black. He thought he had a shirt on. How theee fuck I never notice that before hahahaha
Wilder can't accept to be beaten by a white dude, he's jus a racist clown.
He Ain't blamed Covid yet
George Foreman..most powerful puncher in 🥊...
That background maaan. You should change it.
Y’all wouldn’t agree with Wilder if fury admitted he cheated cause the hate is in y’all heart for this man.
The 40 lb costume was a shitty excuse, but I'm convinced fury cheated with his gloves. Watch at least one youtube video about it and you'll see. Fury was living in fear because of how he was put down on that first fight so he resorted to cheating.  He knows that no matter how skilled he is, it only takes wilder a punch to erase all that
So Delonte Wilder has evidence from a doctor that he has a dent on his face but you're not talkin about that
Boring wilder lost  because he's wank
Tyson Fury is the  GOAT. PERIOD!
Wilder is now on more excuses fir losing than rounds he lasted against Fury   -costume too heavy  -American Ref against him  -Spiked water  -Egg weights in Fury’s gloves -Breland against him  -Injured before fight  -Foul Punch round back of head -Sabotaged training    Wilder was always a shit boxer with a ridiculously powerful punch who cherry picked a broken, fat and supposedly vulnerable champion to fight over AJ, who Wilder ACTUALLY ducked and even fired the guy who tried to set the fight up. I’m so happy Wilder’s shit is being exposed  Edit: Wilder has now said that Fury put a “Gypsy Spell” on him before the fight. He actually needs medication or help or something
Joe Rogan ..the way you dismissed the flopping glove of a known cheater so easily tells me something about you that I've always suspected ..Ive been trying to give you the benefit of the doubt with all of the Black men you bring on whether you are real with it..but I see you 're part of a dangerous breed.. a snake in the grass pretending to be down with the Blacks racist.  Stop faking it..come out of  the closet and own up to what you really are.  First off You know good and goddamn well with all the corruption in boxing anything is  possible especially inside jobs. Wilder just  pissed off the wrong people with his loud mouth and YOU know it. Second, you know  that the corrupt powers that be aint having another Jack Johnson flossing his nuts all over the place. Hell naw. Get him out before  he REALLY learns how  to box and before he  puts a heavy weight record together that no whiteman will ever break. Dissapointed in you Joe Rogan but I guess even you with your enormous brain  have to kiss the corrupt hand of boxing.
So... I guess Wilder is becoming the becoming the equivalent of Nick Diaz in MMA. Weird ass accusations all day long for his loss.
I think wilders ego is so big that when he lost to fury it drove him a bit mad.
Anyone else miss the brick wall?? That was an actual brick wall don't you know, no wall paper there!!!
Didn’t he bring race into the equation as well at one point?
It was more than 3 excuses lmao
Can you imagine the press conference if wilder fights again he will just get so much abuse for all this bull shit
Stoppen looking to look up ernie shavers(?)
so nobody saw the video of fury gloves outta place?
I continue to lose respect for Wilder, just accept your loss bro
typical "those people" love thier excuses when they lose!
Nah Fr go look the gloves was actually loose and you can see he knuckles no cap . Just go look and if you are being real you will see that the glove stuff was real but all that other bullshit was wilder excuses ! But if you look  when tyson was throwing hooks his gloves was bent back in a 90 degree angle if you’re have your gloves on properly that’s not possible
Wilder should just stop embarrassing yourself.
There’s only one Tyson Fury ☝️
Joe rogan does not lie or treat things with a bias opinion,  these wilder fans sound like trump fans after the election
everybody knows tyson kicked that ass straight up, hard for some to believe how a white man can take over the game.
I like Wilder but he’s being a moron. Accept the loss, learn from it and move on.
He’s turning himself into a joke. Fury beat the shit out of him that second fight, it was never even close.
Damn that lost changed wilder life
Look at the pics and Nicholas ashburys statement. Fury cheated for sure, I watched the fight and said why is fury’s glove hitting at different times than his hand. WATCH the whipping slaps that did all that damage. Egg weight impressions in the glove. Watch wilders reaction to Tyson fury’s shots in the 2nd fight which are a lot different than the first. The tape shows fury cheated in that fight and other fights. Fury has be caught with a altered glove in a official fight. Look it up. All of this is there if you want to see the truth
Tyson fury did cheat look into it
Whether fury cheated or not there is clearly irregularities with both gloves, and wilder is stumbling from round one.
If I was Deontay cornerman I'd sue that prick for everything
Mega Beats ☀️🚀 Pau Co
Mega Beats ☀️🚀 Pau Co
Mega Beats ☀️🚀 Pau Co
Your over here saying "fury drop bombs on him" and really he didn't do anything but fight dirty in the second. If you feel like fury didn't cheat then why is he trying so hard not to fight a third time? Why did he go get another opponent when he has a rematch he has to fulfill ?
Joe rogan is clearly as racist that already have referred to black ppl as monkeys in the past so of course he is going to act like Wilder didn't get cheated. Fury cheated in the first fight with his glove not being on all the way and In the second fight he put something in his glove which is proven by the fuckin dent that's still in Deontay Wilder's head til this day. Now put that in your pipe and smoke it haters. How is it that fury can hit Wilder with everything in the kitchen sink in the first fight then all of a sudden come back in the second fight and show unseen heavy weight power that led to him leaving a dent in Wilder's head. A human being fist would break before they are able to leave a dent in someones head by punching them 🤦🏾‍♀️
So y’all mean to tell me those gloves didn’t look suspicious AT ALL?? If you don’t like Wilder just say that 🤣🤣
First fight was a draw but we all know Tyson definitely won that fight.
Wilder you lost get over it #gypsyking
He could’ve have hit him with the palm of his hand? And for the water thing he got hit in ear pretty bad when your hit there Your equilibrium is thrown off because of the shock wave to your ear drum. Which can give off the feeling of being drugged.
"and rose like Lazarus", hauhahuauhauhauh. That was the feeling!!
He is black he loves to complain
That glove does look suspicious though
Rogan looking laughable after originally sticking up for Wilder referring to him as the best etc.... he proved he knows little about boxing.
I just want to know how fury’s gloves was bending at a 90 degree angle. People always say it’s easy to prove that fury’s hands was all the way inside the glove. Where is this proof?
Wilder is straight poop
Joes a dumass not excuses, facts*
When I saw the studio I was like huh? Then “6 days ago” and I’m like wtf??? This fool is still making excuses‽‽‽‽
What about Tyson Fury's gloves they did look a little funny why are we not talking about that and Tyson is known for cheating with his gloves ???
Also I never heard deontay Wilder say out of his own mouth that it was two costume as far as the gloves goes you can clearly see on the videos that his gloves been tampered with unless you blind and you need glasses and you can't see
Luke Thomas the dumbest guy who thinks he’s cleaver can’t stand the guy said munguia is the biggest puncher in boxing
Watch the videos about the gloves and you can determine for yourself watch the video. Deontay Wilder put out Tyson fury cheated it should be pretty evident
Enjoyed both of your videos, guys. As much as I liked Wilder, I don't thinks he deserves anothes second in the ring for the HW title. Exept for, maybe, some exibition freak matches or WWF (which Fury did by the way). If he gets a second chance, after all the crap he's thrown at the boxing world (opponents, trainers, boxing commission etc.), then boxing has become a PPV joke. Whatever happens he will never be a champion in my eyes. What a spectacular way to nulify a blazing career and inspiring life story. So sad.
Great guest
My 95-100lb wife carries a 40lb child 50x further than that every time we go for a hike and that’s in her arms not across her body, blew his legs out my ass 😅😂
Luke needs to be on Rogans show monthly or weekly.
I hope Wilder comes back, he still has a talent to knockout professional boxer like butter. In tennis and football we still look to nr 2,3,4 and 5. Hell rather see El Cucuy fight than Khabib. Much more entertaining, even though Khabib is nr#1.
Wilder is a DOSSER
Tyson fury is a phenomenal boxer . But honestly deonte Wilder looked like he was drugged on Xanax.. or something to that effect he had no equilibrium and then even after the fight you could just see him nodding out on his chair with his head down chin on his chest completely passed out post fight. The excuse about the 40 lb costume was ridiculous but he looked like a man under the influence of some kind of drug that was my very first instinct when I saw him
Lol like either of them know what their talking about.
Thank you Joe Rogan its so important that People who are well respected speak up about other People lieing and talking Shit thanks alot!! So True 100% did Fury not Cheat hes boxing for 20+ Years like Mayweather hes born and raised in a Fighting Family watch his Documentary and you will start to love him dont hate him because hes White if your Black because everyone i see who says he cheated is Black ^^ lets be real i didnt see one White,Latino what ever who said Fury is cheating hes simple a Champ with a Champ Mindset !!
Otto Wallin was piecing Fury up and I had him winning the first 6 rounds, Fury had to scramble and start fighting dirty, stalling, clutching, grabbing and 'dirty boxing' just to pull off the win. Of course the judges were biased and gave Fury a dominant decision but if you rewatch that fight it was much closer than anyone would like to think. I still think Fury is overrated, I'd like to see him take on Luis Ortiz, Kubrat Pulev, Daniel Dubois or even Andy Ruiz.
When you weight 280ibs, you dont need a fricken egg weight in your gloves. Lmfao
1.1k thumbs down by a bunch of Weirdos
How do you explain the concaved glove and the fact that he got caught before with his hand out of the glove ?
Wilder still not over his loss to Joe Kamala Clinton..
Nah, fury cheated his ass off
fury is a corrupt faker
Joe is awesome but he’s a MMA guy, every boxer knows that Tyson cheated, I don’t believe in the egg weight situation but about the gloves I do.Tyson tampered with it. Their is a lot of evidence of Tyson tampering with gloves and in previous fights as well and was caught using peds. Does Tyson need to cheat I don’t think so. It’s in tysons blood he’s a bare knuckle fighter and when you come from the streets you will try to win by any means. 🗣💯
All true but even Teddy Atlas couldn’t explain the gloves.
All those excuses are ridiculous.  That said, that glove is not on his hand properly Anyone with boxing history knows that a new boxing glove should not look that way before its been used.
How is Tyson fury so great , if Deontay wilder is such a bum , again before you comment or whatever think about that , Deontay wilder may not be the most skilled boxer of all time but he’s became world champion for a reason , Tyson fury isn’t the hardest hitting boxer , but he became champion for a reason , I say we should sit back and enjoy both fighters , it’s okay to have a favorite , if you are a fan of boxing you wanna see the third fight regardless of who wins at the end of the day both fighters earned that right and are both the two best at the top of the heavyweight division , You fan Boys sound so braindead how you guys bash fighters knowing damn well any fighter can be beaten any given night that’s why we love boxing
Dude sounds like Bert
Stick to MMA Joe smh...
Wilders record was so false  for so many years
Last time I saw Ernie shafers he was working as a meet and greeter in a pub in Liverpool UK.
wasn't there" Gloves not on correctly tainted water knees weak  Suit is heavy Eggs in his gloves already Mom's spaghetti 🍝.but on the surface Wilder looks calm and ready to throw bombs 💣. But he keeps on forgetting what he wrote down. The whole crowd rose so loud. He opens his mouth but excuses come out. He’s choking now. Everybody’s cheating now. Times up it’s over now. Come Back to Reality!
I don't understand why wilder is saying all the crazy things about Fury being a cheat .  And calling his trainer disloyal the guy saved him from getting even more beaten by Fury .  Behaving that way is  very wrong and shud not be expected .  Let's say the truth wilder is not I good man .  My suggestion to wilder go back and read your Bible and get yourself right with God
I will say I never seen gloves that floppy
A lost is a lost but we gonna down play the fact that his glove looked fucked up ive never seen a boxing glove look like brassnuckles and again not saying he cheated but come on now shit looked mad fishy
Guy report the truth,wilder never said the costume waited him down...  That's why he only talks to unbiased media... Get ya shit right rogan...
i wanna smoke some weed with wilder
At least when AJ lost, he took it like a man He owned it & tried to get better No excuses
7:00 talks about power punchers. Pound for pound best for me Julian Jackson
More excuses from that Bum,  🤮
I like the boxer wilder but excuse wilder I can't take. He wasn't ready for what happened to him case closed take that lost. The next time bring your own water,don't wear that dumb ass suit,and learn how to not depend on only the right bomb set up your punches learn your craft.
That last point was a good one. Roach basically did that with Pacquiao; just overworked his right hand until he became an unstoppable force
"Everyone has a plan until they fight Tyson Fury"
So no more Joe Rogan on YouTube ?
Joe Rogan dont know fury history .Fury cocaine ped drug load mob boss also tampered gloves .Deontay has specialize doctors they told him fury had a object in his right glove.Anyway fury use choke holds headbutts elbows trips hes a dirty fraud even fury fans know it
I miss the old studio
What about the padding??? He took it out.
How great is Luke Thomas huh
Luke Thomas is a better interviewer than Rogan imho.
Wilder🤡
Wiilder, you make yourself really stupid on this one again🙈he has to believe somewhere to regain his own confidence.  Pure uncertainty
That white boy cheated..
I actually can see his water to be spiked that would explain the 40lbs too heavy mask question is was it?
Man is talking crap because he lose. That said, he won previously match in wich fury count almost reach 13 seconds
The white boy seem to have more power than he ever had have fury ever knocked out anyone?Tyson FURY was hitting like Mike Tyson soft ass white boy now what egg have Fury cracked before
Wilder thinks the Gypsy King is a voodoo priest. lol
I understand that Wilder has to protect his ego after this fight. But that's just pathetic now.
Wilder can’t box
All the fight experience that these guys have and they did not mention the blows to the back of the head.... Tyson fury had a clean fight that night....really folks
Come on Joe , Fury's gloves were no way clean
He can't stand the fact he lost to a white man. Made that whole second fight about race with that stupid ass walkout he had.
Wilders right hand is massively overrated
Fury is overrated
It is undeniable fury’s gloves were not how they should be
I wouldnt be suprised if he blames joe rogan by now lol
Ortiz is some chump
He does joe
I will say. Before any of this. During the fight.  I said deontay looks drugged.  And if you watch his other fights. And then this fight. You will see a marked difference in his demeanor.
Maybe he should get of of boxing and focus on making more  racist songs 🤣🤣
CKB also has kai kara france
I’m loving watch y’all squirm...   this is hilarious
Stop the lies., we can see the gloves was fixed...period! Back him up with fixed gloves...The rest of it don’t matter...Fury is a fraud......I’m not for either one but, right is right & wrong is wrong! soldier-in-Christ.com
Thinking about crashing my 250k sports car into a bridge type of depression.
Na the gloves definitely wasn’t on right that is clear in the videos floating around
"And he got a white guy holding his luggage?!..." (10:17)   🤔
Lol all the talk ..just let them fight 1 more time & we can all find out what the truth is....
that quote about earnie shavers was from tex cobb btw. “Earnie could punch you in the neck with his right hand and break your ankle. If a man hit any harder than Earnie I'd shoot him."
Listen up to every naysayer against Wilder, dont think for one minute  that Wilder doesnt have some valid proff to back up his claim.
He never blamed the suit. Maybe he should have Wilder back on to ask him directly
Fury is an inspiration, cut all the shit and all personal views Fury made a comeback that just has to be admired! WBC champ and growing
wilder a one armed bandit
A human boxer with a roof on his foot
Fury still gets ko by aj
Fury was the stingray that killed Steve irwin
Fury is the reason there's not all white meat in kfc's fried chicken
Fury is the villiscia axe murderer
Fury made the earth flat
Fury wrote the final season of game of thrones
Fury created the coronavirus
Wilder must have lvl 100  speech skill with an excuse like that. 1. "He beat me fair and square" 2. "I had a bad performance" 3. "My suit be too heavy" [persuade]
Fury is the zodiac killer
Fury stole ballots to make Trump lose the presidency.
Fury possessed James Butler to kill  Sam Kellerman
Fury mass produced bath salts
Man Fury killed kennedy too
Hardest hitter wilder. I thought Ngannou can hit people harder than a ford escort going as fast as it could or a 10lb sledgehammer swung full force over head! Lol. Wilder didnt even ko zelonoff
Typical American
Before we say something is not true we should analyze the data objectively.  Now I'm not here to say these accusations are true.  But i have watched several videos and have seen several pictures of the glove in question.  After giving this situation a fun unbiased review. I definitely need questions answered. Something doesn't pass the smell test. Let's not be quick to judge and just review the facts
Shout out Luke Thomas, did yourself proud my man
Nah, Joe, Fury need to answer for them gloves
Then they say your either born with power or your not. So the one thing we know is pillowfist has no power... All of a sudden he can do skull breaking damage lolololol Say something about the damages he suffered... Gotta love the GWHope lolololol
It’s clear NONE of the people in these comment section watched YOUNG PHAROAH “ PROVE FURY CHEATED AND TAMPERED WITH HIS GLOVES IN ORDER FOR HIM TO HIT WITH HIS KNUCKLES WITH MULTIPLEEEEE VIDEOS ‼️ y’all think y’all educated and this man just saying shit to say it when wilder is RIGHT ! But y’all like to act blind
we have had strong kickboxing scene in New Zealand for many years - do your homework
Mofos lost his damn mind
Everything but the gloves is the wildest shit  I've ever heard... wilder take this Ls
Tyson is duckin wilder
How do u explain the fluffy gloves then ?
Deontay Wilder is a sore loser
anyone else think this guys sounds like burnt chrysler?
The media siding Fury is crazy🤦🏽‍♂️
"Patiently waiting until i get my shot...when i do...he's done"
It dosent make sense he has never been a power puncher and he is a good boxer but he ain't Luis ortiz so how does the guy with the most powerful punch never sent anyone skull but the guy with lowest knock out percentage almost crushes deontay wilder skull that is questionable when in the history of fighting has this happened look at both sides seriously not just picking the white hope he won't fight any other top heavyweight now that is crazy when deontay fought guys known for steroods
It's a result of perception versus reality. Tyson Fury out boxed him. And he got dropped. Wilder was scared to fight Efe Ajagbar who was his sparing partner leave alone fight AJ..Fury will drop him again.
Spotify doesn’t allow a comment section and genuinely, I miss that the most about the switching of Joe’s platform.
He clearly cheated Joe!  Wow!  Did you not see the video!
He did cheat look at the videos if u practice hitting like that you can do it
Joe rogan got it wrong. The floppy glove was in the first fight and the second fight is the one wilder is saying was tampered with. Nobody has yet explained why that glove looks concave and doesn’t look like pillow. Everyone is quick to say wilder is loser but still no one has explained the glove. Smh
Any other reason i dont know but Fury gloves.....there was something in there
This same Joe egged on a deluded Wilder after Joshua took his first loss. Joe Rogan blows with the wind.. and he’s full of it..💯💯🤡🤡🤡🇺🇸
Everyone always mentions how little experience wilder had, but never mention AJ was the same. Didn't start till 18
I think fury cheated something was definitely weird about his glove. But wilder should just go back to the board and fight again
Ok we are all men here lets look at some facts .  How did a boxer wearing professional gloves dent someone face in that’s impossible. It has to be a race thing.. A black boxer coming off the street and contending against the best white fighter... dang Joe I thought you was better then that .. ok the mans tape was coming off the glove but it can be easily proven im just gone say you dident see the fight
Lookup Glovegate
... He is weirdo and wilder!!
The glove is clearly flopping around so you can’t see it as easily proven.. just sayin cant act like people never cheated in boxing before ..
Wilder used to be one of my favorite fighters, he lost a lot respect for the way he’s acted after this fury loss smh , like bro just take the L and get a rematch lol
allylaw dangmattsmith ledzeppelin foxnewslive
What about the flailing glove with no hand in it? Either fury is quintuple jointed or his fist was where his wrist shouldve been. Talk about that please.
the images of the gloves are true. you cant see the origionals now as that las vegas photographer has blocked viewing any images of that fight. ive never seen any modern heavy weights use his gloves like that
Joe "eVeR, EvERR"...  Rogan.
My favourite jre in a while
great white hope , yeaaaaa,   you got your heavyweight boxer , (for now)
Yes, many fighters said Ernie Shavers was the hardest puncher they ever faced but everyone who said that beat him. It’s easy to give such high praise to fighters when you beat them.
Deontay Trump
WELL im a fan of deontay but come onnnnnnn man even iron mike lost some matches
wilder still makin excuses TILLL THIIIIS DAAY!!!
I wonder what u guys would have said if it was wilder whose gloves were like that , ur a bunch of trump supports racist white boy. Tyson fury's a con man , show me where in the history of boxing have you ever seen a boxers gloves move like that but u little guy think ur big mens because u got abit of money
I believe the hand not being fully in the glove because all the years I have watched boxing.... ESPECIALLY my idol Muhammad Ali. Never has a glove moved like that. (And he flicks his fingers out) I think the 1st and 3rd ones are exuses. But there are plenty of shots that make that look fact. (And I HATE DEONTAY WILDER) I think he is over hyped trash with a good power hand and that is it. I was voting for Fury to win both fights. (So I don't want to hear that "you are biased" bullshit)
I like Wilder but he’s being a moron. Accept the loss, learn from it and move on.
Sorry Joe. Tyson was definitely slapping (which is supposed to be illegal in boxing) Deontay with a bare fist in the wrist area of his left glove. Don't listen to what friends tell you. Watch the videos please. :)
If Wilders water was spiked then why didn’t he fail a drugs tests? Wilder is so deluded. It’s embarrassing listening to him.   Heavy costume Spiked water Illegal gloves  Weights in his gloves Racist judges Corrupt referee  Ear gouging Breland was working for Fury  Have I missed any excuses?   Wilder and his team of butt licking yes men are a joke.
Wilder must still be dizzy from the beating fury gave him.
I Suggest you type in "Gamatria Effect News Wilder" on youtube.. its deeper than you all think...
Rogan still in denial about fury being the best heavyweight in the world 🤪
A blind man could see wilder was not himself look at his eyes and is stance everything about him. i called my boy like nah bet off this n**ga look drugged!! wen he took that suit off i knew it was over i could see it.  was more deeper than people think...
Inoue is insanely powerful
If you can't see the mountain of evidence that Fury's gloves were tampered with. Then you haven't looked at it. None of it was Photoshop. I turned this video off as soon as you dismissed the possibility. It's becoming more obvious who you really are Joe. Now you teamed up with another fake media shill agent.
How can you ignore the fact his gloves were bending at a 90 degree angle, he had blood on his wrap knuckles somehow, AND you could see fist prints in the second fight? Wilder definitely has a case.
Also nobody mentions how he walked out to that racist black power song, albeit it had an awesome beat nobody talks about all the racist comments deontay has made, can’t imagine what his ego would be and the image he’d be giving off if he had won
He needs to knock him out if they do end up actually fighting and if he don’t he done
The gloves where clearly moving in a very strange way let’s just ignore that shall we yea you white people
Wilder is like Trump he doesn’t want to take the L.
White people parade when they FINALLY beat an African American athlete at something😂🤣
Sorry fellas Louis ortiz doesnt have great pedigree poor as an amateur poor as a pro period!!!
Where is Ronda now ? JR ?
Good drunken talk , pot heads
So stop 🛑 sucking a Uk guy , wilder did not look right from the start . Something bad happened, like in the election right now
Wow his excuses are laughable , just lose in dignity you asshole Wilder, I had respect for Wilder even when he lost, it's the excuses that made most people lose all respect .
I love when journalist try to pretend they can fight. Lol
Luke is the man!
nobody can beat the gypsy king
Just YouTube Tyson fury dirty fighter
Wilder is done nobody will ever give him a shot again!!!
Lmao l love yall people please explain the gloves in the comments section Tyson furry doesn't have that type of power in the first place let's keep it all way 💯 here
the gloves no doubt look dodgy.
Gypsy cheater runs in his veins, and he was caught w a lose glove before HA, joke.  I’m all in for a rematch.
Nah Roy, before you can work on his left hand, Wilder really needs to work on his feet. This is very neglected in boxing. Wilder's feet are horrific!
Any no one ever  speaks on the actual facts? Fury was really suspect  work the gloves n im a wilder fan who initially gave Fury the fight. But I definitely felt something was off with wilder in the fight  but I just want the truth no bs!!!
Deontay Wilder could be on onto something here. On the night of the first fight there was a experiment taking place at CERN the large hydrogen collider and it failed, then we where all teleported to a other Dimension.   Fact 1/ the gloves being on and off at the same time, that's a side effect of interdimensional travel. it's called Schrodinger's glove.  Joe Biden got more votes than Obama in this Dimension.  In the new Wilder interview, if you take measurements of the buildings in the background, the results show that video was shot on a flat earth.  Nick cannon
No matter what asinine excuse Wilder comes up with he will get his ass beat again if he wants Fury for a third time. I’ll watch. I love watching shit talkers get destroyed.
Deontay wilder is the Jake Paul of boxing, always acting calm and calculated but when something goes wrong he does everything to deflect blame from him
Deontay just mad he let former Gypsy booze bag put work on him. He doesn't know how to take it.
Fury cheated and has used the loose glove/bare knuckle method in the first fight AND other fights lol look it up... buddy is a known cheater he even uses that tactic on his SPARRING PARTNERS-it’s on YouTube look it up lol.... buddy also pissed dirty MULTIPLE TIMES- WE ALL SEEN HIS FUCKING GLOVES
Tyson Fury is a cheat way too much evidence out there.
listen im tired of hearing all you yes men kissing the associations ass. with the evedence thats all over the internet wilders claims arent unjustified. you two guy are so fake. lol your not real. your really embarasing.stupid.
Bro y’all hate wilder that much. Tyson is a hell of a boxer. But Tyson not putting a hole in wilders face he throws pillow punches. Wilder punches way harder than Tyson and ain’t ever did that to somebody face. So get off Tyson nuts
Smmfh any person with 2 eyes can see that his gloves were tampered with. Now the water shit MIGHT be a stretch, but there’s no denying that those gloves were loose. If the shit was other way around though would you be taking the same stand? Gtfoh
You all just talking shit about Wilder without thinking a bit. Poor guy just can’t find himself, probably got brain damage too since the Fury fight because no sound minded man would come up with this much of bullshit as he did regarding to his loss.
Wilder reeeaally wants that 3rd ass whoopin.
You will be apologizing soon Joe Rogan. Clearly cheated shocking you can't see it
Wilder is a joke as much as people defending him .
Hope Tyson finishes wilder for good next time
The best thing was fury told wilder multiple times how he was going to fight that fight
Just got high and ready to watch Ernie shazers
So disappointing to see Rogan and Thomas pretending they dont know Fury cheated. Just goes to show how racists America is.
Well the only reason Deontay ever connected is because the fact they are fighting in a large arena with artificial air movement and mad Tyson blink at a few crucial moments
I just heard wilder is starting in shutter island 2 as himself
Ok fair enough wilder lost the fight but can someone explain why tyson fury gloves were bending like that ? I haven’t ever seen a fighter with gloves like that. Also why does wilder have dents in his head ? Real answers not just wilder lost bs
Nah man the glove thing is legit and you all need to do more research Joe Rogan needs to do more research before making these statement smh
the 1k dislikes is wilder from all his fake accounts
wilder vs costa would be a battle of the sourest losers LOL
How is it easily proven tho nobody is doing a thorough breakdown of why fury gloves look the way they do
The audio is ~.1 second slow.
Only Donald trump takes a loss worse than wilder....
So I'm guessing Joe didn't see Wilder's evidence on Tysons Furys glove. And we're going to disregard the fact that Tyson fury is a known cheater smh, fury really must have the "complexion for protection"
Damn I didn’t know that Ortiz is a “human boxer.” What a crazy insight, I never in a million years have guessed that he was a human who boxes. Lol I wonder what he meant to say.
Tyson Fury is an artist in the ring for his size & height, people just have to appreciate him.
That glove was loaded
Something similar with the election on Trump losing will ensue
If all these things were wrong with him how can you say breland was wrong to throw the towel in
I don't know nothing about nothing,  but there are pictures and videos that look pretty suspicious.
The first fight fury lost.. And of course you two people side with sorry fury thats mighty white of you fury didnt have his gloves on properly that coke head lost the first fight he was sleep the second fight Fury cheated bcos you people wanted that foreign puke to win i couldn't believe Americans were cheering for that foreign punk its bad enough foreigners have all their people with them and in their country none cheer for Americans buz being white of course you people want a great white hope but  your hero wont be there long he will be knocked out and back on coke after he gets knocked out. Fury is a female you people whether foreign as long as he is white thats who all white people cheer for
He needs to bow his racist ass out and leave the sport..  exposeddddddd #Tysonfury
Wilder is not the one who was producing the evidence of Fury being a cheater if you dive into it further.  He did get donkey punched by  Fury, no he shouldn't have turned away but punching people in the back of the head is illegal in boxing. The racial dynamics of people's comments can't be ignored also.  Fury is a good fighter don't get me wrong And Wilder does need to work on his technics can't wait for the rematch.
Literally proof of tyson tampering with glove
His problem is he lost the win or die mentality and tried to box a boxer he should have went in head hunting with no fear he would have either landed the right hand from God or get counter punched and knocked out he lost because he tried to be a great boxer something he is not
Power is not random , it's just a combination of leverage and fast twitch fibres which are genetic  You can have bodybuilder muscles and still not be explosive
Lol joe you just be saying the stupidest of shit. He literally got caught cheating before for the same glove trick. So you telling me magically he just overwhelming wilder like that? Literally photos showing his irregular hand placement and how the gloves acted all show signs of tampering
People that support Furys cheating are the kind of people who act tough around a crowd pf people because there's people to break it up but if we were together in an elevator together they would start acting like they're texting like a nervous female🤣😂😂🤣😂
The people acting like they don't see Furys cheating are the kind of people that will talk shit to smaller guys but tucks his tail when someone his size or bigger comes around🤣😂🤣
The people acting like they dont see Furys cheating are the kind of people that will tell lies to a chick about a guy that she likes behind his back because he doesn't have the balls to shoot his shot at her or is just a cornball that she doesn't like🤣😂
Seriously guys you all telling me nothing wrong with with this Fury guy globes
Lost some respect for Joe for defending this cheater and it's "not" surprising to see how many people are defending Fury because most people just don't like wilder its almost like the Trump/Biden situation people just voted for biden because they don't like Trump. Dick riders and blind followers make me sick. Smh
Y'all need to stop Tyson fury cheated his ass off in that fight and you can't prove shit to say he didn't but you can prove 100% he did case close.
Joe rogan your narrative, and your “audience” can’t save this one. The facts are the facts
Joe Rogan get ,Nicholas Ashbury on your show. He is Tyson Fury former sparring partner who caught him cheating with the gloves at training camp. His interviews plus videos of Tyson Fury cheating gloves is on YouTube
Fight fans are fikle watch what happens on the rematch
Fury cheated stop the bull.. Video clear..I box.. The whole fight was set up for Wilder to lose. Period. Outfit was dumb but the in ring shit real. Period. Watch the film. Look at the damage. That's not boxing.
No doubt Tyson is amazing however 100% the gloves was fck’d I mean just play it in slow mo and it’s very easy to see
Those gloves were crazy loose.
A 6+ foot height and 200+pounds man can carry a 40pound costume 🤔 what a joke 😂😂🤣
Fury already got caught cheating with his gloves before to the point where they had to fix them literally a second before the fight.. now fast forward a couple years later and he has a floppy glove and obviously no padding when you see the in fight photos the glove takes the form of his knuckles. We can play dumb but in the years of boxing we’ve never seen this. It deserves to be investigated.
That man cheated he knows everyone could see his gloves flailing around in both fights
Maybe it’s just me but the show is going downhill since the Spotify deal.  Vibe is more commercial and the set is 🤣.  I’m not downloading an app i don’t need or want to watch a show that should be free and on any platform.
Looking at the loose gloves, there is something in it. Also there was a fighter in the past who has accused fury of glove manipulation
He has an all seeing eye on his forehead SMH.
fury has a longgggg extensive history of cheating
Explain why team wilder wasnt saying all this crap about the glove tampering after they drew the first fight...why wait until he got defeated to come out with these weak excuses...
Wilder was hitting Fury in the back of the head and the ref took a point from Fury
Wilder is such a amateur. He has no technical skills and Fury exposed him!
Wilder gorgets to say he got raped in the ring
For some reason Joe refuses to get behind the truth on this subject!! He knows just anybody with eyes and a brain knows those gloves were rigged and loaded. He had to cheat to win. Hes a known fucking cheater.
Wilder is a racist loser! Go watch the Black Panther a few more times buddy!
Wasn't it a draw??
Hes just immature and hasnt grown up yet. We all know why, all these rappers the same way. See if Wilders dad was around, i bet not.
Wise man once said if you work on the things that people aren’t scared of them they will have no choice but to fear everything ... Wilder just kept the right hand and never added boxing 101 to his arsenal
All of deontays opponents have been piss poor, Ortiz laboured to a points wins against less than European level opposition around the time of the wilder fights. All of wilders wins have massive question marks. This warrior spirit of his is highly questionable now too, he’s showed himself to have no honour. When you move up in class you need skills to win, deontays dismisses this and he’s been found out. A bad winner and a terrible loser. Deontay just needs to start being himself again and ignoring those yes men, that’s the worst when you start believing something you’re not, ive learned this too in my own sad existence haa, it don’t work man. Deontay won’t learn anything, that’s why he will never be world level
Wilder needed to just take the loss like a man he lost fair and square, he’s lost everyone’s respect now coming out with all these excuses ffs 🤦‍♂️
Surely if they going to cheat they do it in the first fight when fury was a fatty. Love both fighters so can't wait to see what happens next 😂
I’m sorry but the gloves did look suspicious. They didn’t bring that up out of nowhere there was a couple times the gloves looked like they were halfway empty
The man is a legend. Look at the bigger picture. It's his calling card nobody talks about depression like him. He helped me in my dark times so I'll always love him for the rest of my life. Might sound cheesy but a real man will understand
Wilder had a historic run. A true knockout machine. Wilders lack of humility and inability to accept the facts are what will always be his downfall. He should go into politics.
Joe the guy knows his own body,how can you speak on someone else’s body,you’re not him,he doesn’t know what happened to him,he just knows he didn’t feel like himself,the egg weight I do not know,that sounds off,but the glove issue is true did you not watch it ?
Sorry joe I don't agree with you on this one bro to much evidence on the glove alone ...when it come to out and im sure all of you will protest #yesmen #cheater #Commentzombie
Wilder believes Fury had egg weight in his glove for the second fight?  If that is what he believes shouldn’t he be on his knees thanking Mark Breland for throwing in the towel instead of firing him?
Whoever doesn’t see what happened in this fight, shows how media can put a spell on the masses to make them believe whatever their “respected puppets” get paid to spew. Wake up people, go watch the fight(s) it’s not about sides, it’s about the integrity of boxing. Joe will lose a ton of respect from the boxing community if he doesn’t fix this bs, he should know better.
Everybody knows fury cheated
serve you right..you have promoted enough kooks with more bizarre beliefs
Wilder just wants a rematch because he thinks he can win. And this is the only way he’ll ever get it
Charlie z would beat wilder
I put money on Wilder that night. I'll be one of his loyal fans unlike most people and go down with him and say yes Tyson Fury did so cheat. He cheated. Wilder should file a lawsuit.    Maybe a 3rd fight, Wilder should kick Fury in the nuts.
They need to hurry up and make coming to America 2! N they should have the conversation over wilders loss n excuses in the barbershop! 🤣
The Mandalorian be like: *let me return the armor and I'll let you live*
Wilders record is a joke he was a fake champion
Sorry, why do I need to go smoke some weed to appreciate Ernie Shavers' full punch power repertoire?? I'll decide when and where I need to smoke weed. You, Joe et al, are your own version of a Nanny State.
you are clearly bias, look at all the evidence he clearly his gloves were tampered with. you can see his fingers where his wrist should be, not only did he cheat in the 2nd fight but he did the same thing in the first. in the first it was only his left hand 2nd fight it was both. You both should get off his nuts. Why has Furry not responded tell this day, because he is guilty. FACTS, NO CAP
He was on drugs so he was going to drive over a bridge which is right where talking about gloves been illegal and glisco said Tyson is a cheat aswell so what now and he covered the camera devil's will be 😈
Bomb bum got exposed
I got excuses TILL THIS DAY
Breland should not only be thanked, he should invited to every Christmas, Eid, hunnikah and birthday that deontay has because he looked after his well being that night like he was family
Wilder has serious problems
I love JR's enthusiasm  when he talks about martial arts.
Wilder is making a fool of himself
It’s like Conor saying after Khabib loss, “Doesn’t count, Khabib kept holding my wrists” 🤣🤣🤣  Wilder delusional
Actually who cares anymore, he got spanked , out boxed and can’t accept it unfortunately, he’s now not relevant and should retire , and have nightmares about the £120 million he could of had but bottled it with AJ 😂😂😂😂😂🥊🥊🥊🥊🥊what a knobhead
Idk his gloves were sketchy .
Fury masterful, Wilder moronic.
Wilder looked too thin in the ring. I think he lost too much weight after the weigh in. Either he was gonna lose against Fury. But he looked terrible.
You need to interview mark breland... he needs a platform to defend himself
Why is Luke Thomas always wearing construction glasses 🦺 🤓 ??
Wilder is a clown!!
Luiz Ortiz does not have great pedigree. The best boxer Luiz Ortiz has beaten is only B.Jennings! Ortiz needs to fight top 10 fighters. This shows wilder has a very poor resume
All Wilder has is one hell of an A button ...but cannot fight
tyson fury tamperd with the gloves the proofs out there look it up
Tell wilder to watch the tape.. he got hit in the ear early and was done as soon as it happened. He had no balance no ring awareness . Maybe these 2 announcers or what ever the fuck they are should watch the tape from the 2nd fight. Maybe neither of these 2 have never hit anyone in the ear or have never gotten hit in the ear and dont understand how distructive that is to your balance and brain waves.
Fury and Joshua got a lot  in common that’s going to be a great fight and could be a really great trilogy
Look Joshua lost but did not say a word about it shut his mouth and went out and got his belt back
Fury whipped his ass bad there are no excuses wilder always has been a bully saw me. Like him my whole life but ones like fury are the minority
Its called denial
Joes kissed wilders ass, and yet now he's out here talking mad shit
Half of you guys are the reason Wilder is taking his loss like this and is being delusional, the media, bandwagoners, yes man etc, when you hype somebody up and put them on a pedestal and keep calling/telling them there a god, eventually there gunna buy into there own hype...example being wilder, case closed, like somebody yes, but don't treat them like a god and put them on a pedestal
Don't fall into your own hype, the hype generated from a bunch of bandwagoners and false media.
So those gloves didn't look kinda funny?
Fury cheated with the gloves if you like it or not, but the other things wilder said arent true and what he said about his coach is crazy his coach saved him..
Mark Breland did the red wedding
Fury definitely the better boxer but not a power puncher because not even King Kong Ortiz could drop Deontay in both fights so it is very suspect if I didn't see the video of the gloves tampered I would of said Fury won fair and square but the video looks very suspicious just my opinion but understand this is more or a race vs race agenda so people will always gravitate to Fury and cancel out anything that could potentially discredit his achievement.
Wilder could just say "He was the better man that night let's do it again" He could come back but he's putting all these excuses together because he knows if he fights him again he's going to get his ass whipped again. Fury just has his number
Joe needs to fact check everything his guest is saying and treat them like shit like he did Alex Jones
His (Tyson's) glove was indeed offset...watch the fight and slow it down.
All the shit he been saying really hurts being a wilder fan
This big dosser worse excuse of a boxer professional at that absolutely apaling take your L like a man dosser wilder
He should stick to delivery driving. I'm half his size and I'd fuck him up. Mma 20 years.
Wilders maturity is about equal to his boxing skill or lack there of. He is bigger an better than everyone he ever fought in his travelling one trick pony show. Until he's getting backed up and beat down by a larger and much better opponent. Its easier to make excuses than admit to yourself your out of your league.
Suga Sean O Malley and Wilder Sore Losers of 2020
@JoeRogan Tyson fury did cheat!
Except Furys gloves looked suspect **shrugs**
Lol Bum Bum Bum accept your loss like a man. My god
If you want to get somewhere close to & in the vicinity of truth do the research Joe. But since I believe you want here you go: https://youtu.be/HXjU4kHJx5k
No Joe not rudimentary depression. It was depression caused by getting caught cheating with PED‘s across multiple fights and in the championship fight against Vladimir Klitschko. And check the video where he gets caught detaching his thumb in a fight & the ref looks at him like he has six heads: Check this out since you don’t believe shit stinks I’ll rub it in your face;  :https://youtu.be/HXjU4kHJx5k
Excuses out the ass TILL THIS DAY
The gloves doses look suspect. Even teddy Atlas admitted that
Joe needs to get Mark Breland on next, would definitely watch that.
U Must Cant See 😐🤷🏾 Its Easy To See There's Something Wrong With The Gloves
Lazarus?......Joe, repent,our time is near....
🤣 Pathetic
CAP🧢
Yeah he just got to take the L just prove you can beat him in the next  fight simple !
FURY BEAT  KIND OF  PRIME WLADIMIR AT AGE 25.HE WILL DEFINETLY BEAT ALL HEAVYWEIGHTS IN THE TOP DIVISION.HE HELPED SO MANY PEOPLE WITH DEPRESSION WHEN I GET THROUGH HARD TIMES I REMEMBER WHAT TYSON SAID.
He's boxing record is built entirely on fighting second rate fighter's,,,,, fury was he's only real test , and he got whooped twice .lol...the big deluded DOSSER....
How is Breeland a hero for throwing in the towel instead of preparing wilder  in order to defend his belt? 👀🤷🏿‍♂️ #wierd
These 2 idiots don't have a clue about boxing.  Fury the great white hope. Let's see how he does while those gloves or being watched closely
As a boxing fan of 30 yrs.  You are completely wrong that his gloves wasn't tempered with.  I've never seen a glove that loose. Sorry but Tyson Fury has been proven more than once of cheating.
This Luke Thomas is the most sensitive, egotistical dweeb in MMA journalism. I remember him on UG and Sherdog back in the mid 2000's and was the biggest cry baby n blocked everyone like a child
Wilder has exactly two punches. The straight and overhand rights. He literally can't do anything else with any degree of reliability. Fury was just the first person that could do two things simultaneously:  1. See it. 2. Deny Wilder the opportunity to land his power punches.  Wilder is useless on the back foot, and that's where Fury forced him to fight. For the record, I think Whyte, Povetkin, Joshua, and quite possibly Ruiz all beat Wilder, but credit to Fury for being the man to do it.  Did you guys also notice that Wilder admitted he was ducking Joshua when he said he took the Fury fight despite being offered more money for the Joshua fight?
Wilder needs to be sectioned...this is now becoming a serious mental health problem....paranoia is bad very bad...
😂😂😂😂😂😂😂😂❗
Charlie Zelenoff is waiting for revenge...
Tyson fury was not depressed he simply got more money then he ever had before and lost his mind for a while wilder is a idiot tho . But the glove was dodgy thats just a fact
Luke blatently only watched 2 or 3 fury fights. Man talking about "Fury can actually play defensive game if he wants"  dude his whole career has been run and point letdowns. He gets booed almost every fight cos he always says he's gonna change it up this time and knock them out hard but he never does. Yet somehow people always seem to forget the last fight and fool for it again. Even his opponents seem to fool for it lol
Fury's gloves were very suspect. They didn't look right at all in both fights. He's got a history of cheating if you do your research.
Rigged black shaming ritual during black history month
The rest of the excuses were BS but those gloves were definitely tampered with.
In combat sports sometimes you just cant have an ego if you wanna get better.
Wilder should try end on a high against someone weaker then leave it
PUNCHERS ARE BORN LIKE THAT. NOT MADE. You cannot teach someone to hit as hard as Ngannou. Its either you can do it or you cant.  you can learn the correct wat to throw a punch but thats about it
Deontay wilder is a baby. Instead of training and getting better and learning from mistakes. Typical sore loser who cant accept reality. U got beat bro. Time to get back to the gym and work on a gameplan to win the next time. Maybe get better at working off your back foot?
I feel like nobody in these comments even looked at Tyson Fury gloves in both fights. You can see his knuckles through the strings of his gloves. Idk about the poison but his gloves in both fights looked fishy.
Shit....
They never take responsibility!
Joe’s losing himself smh
Wilder lost because Fury chose the wrong month. Wait a second.....
Fury never had power to dent someone on the side of they head
9:43 Joe high 😂
We are so lost in this country.. Cheaters now get free passes and are completely normalized.  Fury cheated and The democrats are cheating as we speak and its all good in this countries eyes now.. WE DESERVE WHATEVER WE GET in this new normal..  God help us all.
Who’s the worst loser? Wilder or Trump?
Maybe we should seriously consider brain damage i mean this is some pathetic shit and that was quite a beating
lmaooo fury blatantly cheated please just do research
So a 12 min video and not ONE mention about the gloves 🤔
Just explain why the gloves looked the way they did. Everyone is talking about Wilder complaining but won't address the gloves.
Wilder doesn't need a rematch.  He needs counseling and some boxing skills.
y’all make it sound good yt people
did y’all even look into these statements . fury cheated
disturbed sound of silence
the background is fucking distracting. Why this fancy suff, it was so much better when u just had normal things
This is the problem with these athletes can't own their losses. Tyson made him look like a child and now he's acting like one.
I think the only excuse is accurate is Fury gloves being tampered with but everything else make Wilder look bad.  Everything is wrong but that glove looked crazy as fuck not even the cheapest gloves look that deflated.
Donk donkerson
The suit was cool, the song he used definitely made the outcome worse. lol everything black. That song was racist .
JOE ROGAN WILL SHOW HIS TRUE CHARACTER WHEN FURY GETS EXPOSED. 💯
You a hater and racist you no he cheated y gloves flopping say no more this not the first time he cheated
I can’t wait to see all y’all fury dick riders face when the fury and the ENTIRE WBC gets sued! WBC addressed tank Davis as soon as he switched his gloves but they won’t say anything bout fury smh...we all kno what this is about.💯 “complexion for the protection”
Wilder makin too many excuses now but fury punching with inside of his side was real shady
Sad. Wilder should be able to hold his head up high. It was an amazing fight, he fought very well. Take the L man.
The word you guys looking for is bitch wilder is bitch made
Wilder is just a looser, making allegations and excuse to fight Fury for 3rd. He knew he will be destroy again for 3rd fight.
Anyone who watched that fight knows Wilder got his ass kicked.
(( PAY BACK TIME )) 😎 🔥🔥
Since the 90S they have been very strict on the gloves it was super hard to get away with it specially in a elite fight. After margarito its nearly impossible i've heard from ok city victory boxing club boxers that they even sign the wraps before and after being wrapped and still get inspected before putting the gloves on.
And He wanted AJ. Wilder would not last till Round 3.
No matter how bad you are theres always someone badder and that was fury destroyed wilder
Love the new studio
Fury won the first first hands down, only in America that fight is a draw!
I still wanna see them fight again tho
That guest looks like he’s hiding a big secret in his basement
Luke Thomas is so intelligent, it’s a real shame that he happens to be so unlikeable
Tbh, there was something up with Fury's gloves but all the other excuses I cant agreed with! #mutualboxingfan
All Homeboy needs to be concerned about is catching the criminal who did that shit to his hair.  What is that?
Go look at the clips fury's gloves don't look right
The gloves were not right anybody with eyes can see that
See if you can find a few guys to interview who have a vocabulary beyond four letters. It would be refreshing. And of course, do what you can to encourage them ..
the UFC boogy-woman complained less than DW. They will never fught again
Love Lukes warehouse worker safety glasses he's wearing.
I don’t think Spotify gets it. Many will not be paying to watch his pod casts. Part of the reason it was so awesome on YouTube was because it was awesome content for free.  Now that they have some liberal snowflake asshats trying to ruin the show is another reason I won’t give that company any cash. They’ll just pull him under and ruin it.   I’m glad joe got paid. Congrats my brother!!!
Not gonna lie lost abit of respect for Wilder after his awful excuse for losing.
40 pounds? You’re joking right? 🤣
how come noone talks about all the metal rods in wilders hand? pretty sure that has an effect on his power....
The difference between Wilder and Fury🤔  is Fury is a real boxer and not dropout from another sport. 🙄
Now I know exactly what haircut to get when my hair gets white and grey.
So we not gonna tell the truth that tyson fury absence was from getting caught cheating not depression
Excuses excuses
He cheated ru kidding me
Joe "Masterful Fighter" Hogan
No they said he hollowed out his gloves to hit him with a bare fist
A little looping right hand lol. His right hand is a bar room haymaker lol. Spaghetti swinging sloppy bum. He lost me when he started all that slavery BS and acting like a giant racist asshole! Turned from a humble country boy that was open to learning and improving and constructive criticism to this racist jerk off that Cant take an L! Hes an idiot either way! If a 40lb costume wore u out then u shouldn't have worn it or tried it on ahead of time. Just sorry excuses! Now ur trainer poisoned u lol??? For what reason? Pick an excuse bro! A fat sloppy white guy beat ur ass! Deal with it!
You forgot that he took the padding out of his gloves
This show lost all its charm. It's plastic now. And horrible.
The excuses make him a bigger joke then he was!  Wilder sucks! Bottom line! Has one of the best right hands of all time but no other skill what so ever. Fury may look like a fat joke but hes a great boxer! Great jab great defense and great skills. Wilder will always have a punchers chance but his boxing is a joke. Joshua has the skills and strength but his chin and stamina r terrible. Fury has it all!
Why is it that of a black man accuses a white man of cheating they make the black man seem like he's crazy in the sore loser?
I'm Not a fun, but those gloves were moving on a pretty strange way. Thats a fact..
he got that outfit from lady gaga's closet
AJ loses, doesn't moan gets back in the ring and wins his belt back. Wilder still crying like a bitch, get over it already.
The Donald trump of boxing
Don’t wear a Halloween costume to a fight lol
Hysterical that Joe Rogan of all people is “disappointed” with Wilder’s conspiracy theories.
Wilder is trippin. He should probably worry more about why he get hit with so many punches and doesn't move his head. He's like a telephone pole. That's the real issue
This is Rogen's box, this is when he is at his best. Stay out of politics Joe.
I don't know what fight you guys are talking about
No boxers take loses worse then Americans, fact. What is the shame in even losing a fight to one of the if not the best HW in the world? Just move on wilder
Have him on the show and interview him
Tyson got bigger, was trained and ready. But if you've ever hit shit in boxing gloves they don't bend like that. Seriously. Already hitting hard but with bare knuckle on your dominant hand, while weighing significantly more, you'll definitely fuck somebody up. And the dented skull and busted ear drum through NEW gloves...............
I've seen several videos on tyson fury and his glove tech he's a fucking cheater he must be Joe's homeboy cause Joe's backing a cheater
Perfect example of being unable to take responsibility for anything.
Wilder should be thanks that his coach grow the towel because he still getting beat up  and he could of got more hurt so wilder should thank his coach
Shame on you Joe Rogan, you’re wrong on this one sir!
Punches go in front.  It's called slipping. Gringo trying to appropriate a culture.
Represent the glove allegations
It’s a disease called the Victim mentality and it’s plaguing the woke generation
Tyson was really KO first fight , the ref slow counted any other fight would have been stopped, The second fight I do believe that fury’s had a were bit all the way in the gloves
I watched Fury-Wilder 2 *49* times. Yes, 49. What I took away was not a cheating controversy, but that Fury is a grand master of his craft. This is boxing's highest level & I feel like the story is being lost.  So, I tried to tell it.  It's #Dissected
I had to do a double take... this guy sounds exactly like Bert Kreischer haha.
Never said the vest, said even the vest felt heavy. You guys are slow! The tape doesn’t lie, fury is nothing but a cheat.
Joe knows little about boxing 😂 thats ok still love the guy
Joe why don’t you interview Wilder instead of just making assumptions. Your historically open minded. I’m surprised by your comments.
That’s a promise
Tyson fury has had one of the greatest comebacks in sports
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Ye-Ekidu-Ec The real truth on the gloves. Deny this, and you are a wall-eyed buffoon.
'and he changed his mind'....way to take words out of his mouth and misrepresent him. He was inter-veined by God and has stated this to you many times Joe
He is now embarrassing himself .  He got outclassed he looked scared v Fury who battered him fare and square
Can we all just agree Wilder lost. Plain and simple no excuses. Take the damn loss and grow from it. fuck.
Tyson Fury did cheat tho
0:38 What are egg weights?
Look at the evidence of he gloves tho
I wouldn't expect white racists to support a black man. Tyson wrapped his gloves in private ??? WTF do you need that for!! they def. cheated him and it's not the first time we seend this dirty boxing wtf its hard to believe some one cheated a black man when the cheater is white ! research some history!!
Armor or not,Bs Poisonwater story,Egg Weight nonsense,like bro if u got hit with an egg weight by a 6'9" man You would be a vegetable! ...Fury outboxed his flat footed ass PERIOD. Shame for the excuses, in boxing u have to take a loss like a MAN!
Luke Thomas: His other trainer I don’t remember his name, I think it starts with a D.   Me: DICKHEAD
Are devils really this stupid or are they just truly evil. Tyson is weak and devils are masterful liars. Sad existence we get it BLK Power kills you guys.
Joe I’m disappointed in you Bro you really acting like that glove wasn’t dented in and he cheated I lost respect for you this is elites at they best this fucked up no glove is supposed to b dent in
Some people are just devils!
Wilder going out sad like trump, it’s sad to see.
I’m not rapping duke I’m flapping glove 🥊 😂😂😂
Rapping gypsie the flapping glove da ha ha ha the flap flap flappy glove 🥊
Yeah fury is that guy can't crack an egg
His gloves were bending and touching his arm during punches.... let anyone do that and not break their wrists.... Joe rogan has fallen so far...
Rogan looks like is Covid positive.
Come on Tyson glove where 100% tampered with no way gloves bend at a 90 degree angle when you throw punches dude has pillow fists
Joe thinks he knows everything
Let's be honest, Fury won the first fight, too
Flappy glove fury
deontay is a moron, accept the lose and and move on.
Tyson cheated ion care what a soul say
Deontay Wilder is just trying to keep himself relevant til "the rematch", guys. That rematch is Wilder's last big pay day in boxing. I'm not saying his career is over. He can obviously keep fighting & keep making $$$....but the big paydays are gone. Wilder was never a very "famous" champion anyway. The average guy on the street has no clue who Deontay Wilder is, but ask 'em if they know Mike Tyson or someone like that.  This entire thing is a joke. Has been from the beginning. Deontay Wilder can't deal w/ the fact that he got his ass whipped by a "doughy" lookin' white boy.  ...and I don't mean that in a super "racist" kind of way. I just mean it in the most literal sense. Deontay Wilder, CAN'T STAND, that a pudgy white dude beat the shit out of him in front of the entire world TWICE!
Sure Tyson fury 🥊 was perfectly normal sure 👍🏽
The gloves were pretty fishy
Only white ppl see the truth and will ignore it.... Same with racism... Fury tampered with gloves against Hammer 🤦🏾‍♂️
wilder might complain like a lil girl but he has the best right hand off all time
Tyson Fury made Deontay his wife
So I guess y'all didn't see the evidence
Wilder has been knocking people, 80% of his were bums. Only a few like Luiz Ortiz, Bermane Stiverne and Eric Molina were a real challenger.  Tyson Fury is a trained fighter. He is a tactician and world class heavyweight fighter. Wilder is salty AF.
Wildet gotta be on crack. Great point on the importance of fainting.
yall know damn well them gloves was fucked up....😏
He never said the suit...
SHORT BUS WILDER
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=G8HHX7Fhjio
Woah wife? Did I see something different? Becuase I COULD SEE THAT FURY CLEARLY DIDNT HAVE HIS GLOVES ON ALL THE WAY AND WAS IN FACT HITTTING HIM WITH HIS HAREDER KNUCKLES INSTEAD OF THE ACTUAL GLOVE WTF DID YOU SEE YOU CAN GO BACK AND WAtCH THE FIGHT ITS CLEAR THAT FURY CHEATED !!!
Such a shame, he seemed like such a humble down to earth guy when he was on Rogan
Narcissistic delusion 101
How in the hell you guys know those gloves was not faulty! Those gloves did not look right. You need to get hit with one to let us know how the gloves feel.  Where are the gloves now so they can be tested!
#Wilder has a career in comedy 🤣😂 #TilThisDay
Sorry Americans but you got one dumb ass boxer who can’t box your up and coming guys need to not take anything from that guy his a disgrace to boxing you must be able to see the bs win or lose your train hard and come back his career must be over you’ve produced some or the worlds best heavy weight boxer he ain’t one them the f@@king mug  Watch the Bkb when it’s up and running that’s good boxing
I'd just like to say, really glad Joe got Luke on the show. Guaranteed in-depth, meaningful combat sports conversations
I kno what hapened his nervous system hit shut down,he was shaky on his legs because he was nervous
Wilder will kill him in the 3rd fight🎯
If u cant tell its something wrong with the glove u must be white! 🤣🤣🤣🤷🏿‍♂️
And Jon Jokes was hiding from a weed test
The video title is poorly worded, "over loss to Tyson Fury" would be better.
Also go watch the boxing bros look at Wilders resume it’s a cherry pick masterclass
Joe Wilder is a terrible boxer technically has let mark breland down with his lack of adherence and listening to his instructions and learning of fundamentals to boxing.... why do you think breland walked away from the ring in the first fury fight. It was frustration with wilders not following instructions. Breland saves him to fight another day and he shits on mark like this. He’s a disgrace you backed him to beat AJ na mate  AJ would Fuck him up big time
wow all these negative comments about wilder, keep the same energy when he wins again. Y'all forgot he got Fury out of depression.
Imagine being a professional boxer, losing a fight and throwing a 100 excuses at why he lost🤦🏻‍♂️ guy should be proud he got all them wins but he cares about his 1 loss. Honest hope we get to see a 3rd fight so he can put all the haters to sleep 💤⚰️
Wilders outrageous comments about the Fury fight, was either the dumbest, or cleverest thing he could of said. If it's the dumbest, then he's made himself look like a fool, and the worst loser in history,  if it's the smartest, he's keeping his profile as high as possible and his name a continuing talking point.
Big men with big excuses
Explain the gloves then
Fury should hire Breland for the shits and giggles
Joe Rogan is blind, delusional, and on magic mushrooms he is also biased Fury is a cheat.
fact is wilder is a one dimensional fighter with only one tool in his bag he would definitely lose again
Wilder is just a sore loser, his ego was huge and he cant come to terms with the fact that hes just an over grown human who got beat by a better over grown human lmao
TYSON FURY is traing hard still ,never stopped since october last year .... FURY is a boxer of the people ..... great down to earth man .... LOVE HIM  .... cheers SIMON from ENGLAND
So why not examine the video and photo evidence?
WILDER IS A JOKE ..... BRELAND SAVED HIM .... TYSON WON DEAL WITH IT
I like this Luke Thomas guy, never knew about him until now.
He had a 40lbs costume, tiring him out, plus Fury's gloves were weighted, and on top of that, his trainer poisoned him. I think he even received several gunshot wounds backstage, from a guy who was friend with his trainer. No wonder he lost!
) Three deputies of the National Council of the Slovak Republic met with Dr. Wang Zhiyuan, President of the World Organization to Investigate the Persecution of Falun Gong (WOIPFG), on Friday, September 20, 2019. The National Council members in attendance were Mrs. Anna Veresova, Mr. Peter Osusky, and Mr. Ondrej Dostal.    Dr. Wang introduced himself, noting that he had been a physician in China for 25 years and that he considered the opportunity to practice his profession, which can save lives, a great honor. But in 2006, he learned that, in China, organs for transplants were being harvested from living prisoners and that the Chinese Communist Party (CCP) was forcing doctors to kill people. It shocked him.  After verifying this information, investigators from the WOIPFG began investigating across China. They discovered that the largest hospitals and organ transplant institutions in almost every province had participated in this type of organ harvesting. In telephone interviews, 20 hospitals verified that they used Falun Gong practitioners’ organs for transplants.      Dr. Wang said that when calling these hospitals, the investigators presented themselves as relatives of a person in need of a transplant. In most developed countries, the average waiting time for such organs is two to three years, but in China it is two to three weeks, with some hospitals freely admitting that they use organs from Falun Gong practitioners.  Dr. Wang’s team found that organ harvesting was systematically managed and organized by the communist regime. He described it as a crime against humanity and a crime of genocide that continues to this day.  In the latest investigation, which was carried out between October 19 and December 2, 2018, 17 presidents and directors in 12 transplant hospitals in 11 provinces said that they could guarantee the arrangement of an organ for transplant within one to two weeks. Ten of those interviewed admitted that they were still using organs from Falun Gong practitioners.  Dr. Wang gave the National Council deputies some suggestions on how to help stop this crime. Mr. Peter Osusky, MP, brought up the possibility of passing a law forbidding citizens from accepting a transplant organ of unknown origin. Also discussed was the Magnitsky Act, adopted in the U.S., which allows for the denial of visas to people who have committed human rights abuses.
Wilders black life does not matter, ALL LIVES MATTER!
All of 2018 Wilder said Anthony Joshua was ducking him. Last week "we skipped Joshua for a 3 fight fury contract" 😂😂😂
It was Karma. Remember him making fun of Anthony Joshua after his loss. The difference was Joshua was classy in defeat. Owned his L and figured how to be Ruiz. But all we get from Wilder is a shit load of unending excuses. Soon he is gonna say Shebby Finckle cost him the fight!! Smh🤦🏾‍♂️
Deontay Wilder reminds me of Antonio Brown
His corner was behaving strange for a fight of this importance so it is very possible Wilder is right...Breland as his trainer was not doing what trainers do between rounds no advice just watching their man getting pummelled which I found strange..boxing has too much corruption especially racial ones and much as Fury is a skilled boxer his gloves looked too suspect during the fight n Wilder definitely not himself... Spiking water could be true but we will never know so it will look like Wilder is crazy but as I say his corner were definitely acting strange before the towel was thrown and I suspected foul play because of this..there is no way Fury is that good a boxer that he put away the the man that knocked out Breazeale and Stiverne and Ortiz...people need to watch the fight and just watch his corner again very funny corner not supportive with advice almost like they expected him to lose...no corner stays that silent during a fight of this magnitude... Just my observation.
i didnt know that our german rapper SIDO is so popular, so that he even gets invited to JRE pordcast.
What a man child Deontay is... Can't take a loss properly, but can trash talk all day about other people losing. I'm glad Tyson Fury won that fight.
Wooooooooooooooooooooooooow  joylavita.com
Lmao, when we saw him at the arena, we thought he was supposed to be a sour patch kids, grape flavor gummy. Lol, we didn’t know it was supposed to be a knight or something? We were way off or was he?
I am a Fury fan but what doesn't make since is this. Fury has 21 KO's out of 30. So he has never been none as a heavy puncher. And yet he can crack a persons skull. Mike Tyson has never broken a mans skull. Ernie Shavers never cracked a mans skull. Julian Jackson never cracked a mans skull. And yet Tyson does. 😕 So lets just say if skull fractures are a thing now why are we not examining it. I mean this could. Be possibly detrimental right. And yet no one has said anything. That's shady shit.
Wilder still making excuses bruh man up  you lost 🤣🤣
You big dosser
Why are we having a bias opinion about something we do not know ?
Bottom line fury out boxed wilder from the second the bell rang
😂😭👎🏽
When thy say excuses its like thy alrdy said hes lying lol
So which is better to have ultimate technique or ultimate strength?
Deyoncé Wyner is a sore loser good for him😂😂😂https://youtu.be/bEuD-WsQN_c
Can’t argue with the photos it’s clear that something was up with those gloves
Tyson fury definitely moved the padding on the glove and against Christian hammer he did the same shit and got caught before the fight started JOE!!!
How is no one seeing this guy's gloves
Only excuse that has some validity is Fury’s gloves.  He barely puts his hand in the glove so his fist is where his wrist is supposed to be.
*fury cheated don't ignore the evidence*
I thought fury came back well but look at the fight again there's something going on with the gloves
joe I love you but you TYSON FURY CHEATED BRO THE EVIDENCE IS IN AND HE KNOCKED FURY OUT IN THE FIRST FIGHT BRO ITS CLEAR HE DIDN'T MAKE THE TEN COUNT DEADASS BRO SORRY YOU HAVE SO MUCH RESPECT FOR A DISRESPECTFUL LIKE FURY 😑 STICK MMA BIG
If y’all wanna call cheating that’s fine, but when anybody calls racism over something like this (a lot of people in the chat) it’s just pathetic and it’s embellishing stereotypes (that would be the unnecessary race card)... y’all say he cheated against Klitschko you call him a cheater, but when he cheats against Wilder he is a racist? Maybe he is a cheater... but cheaters cheat against everybody, not just people with different skin color... Maybe if this would have been the first accusation it might hold some value, but sadly now that there is this many excuses from Wilder, even if it were true don’t think most people would buy it... Wilder is hurting himself the most...
When you have the belief that you are great/unbeatable your mind almost needs an excuse to wrap your head around losing. This is why the worst street fighters will call ANY and EVERYTHING "dirty" or "lucky when you whoop them including face punching and ANY martial arts moves.
So we gonna act like we didn’t see those gloves?! Stop... please stop lol
Its beyond clear that you idiots are overlooking the fact that fury gloves were tampered. You can say all of that yet you can't give a reasonable, solid explanation as to why his BRAND NEW, 10 OZ  gloves, were dangling, flapping, halfway off and smushed down to his knuckles. Dont worry, fury won't be around much longer. You can't avoid karma nor the universal law of whats done in darkness ALWAYS COMES TO LIGHT.
Tyson obviously cheated it can be proven he fucked with his gloves and also got in trouble in previous fights also punched wilder in the back of the the second fight but wilder needs to stop making up all these excuses he needs to chill out and take the third fight
TF definitely tampered with his glove. Let’s not play crazy! Anyone that can’t see that, is dumber than a box of rocks.
Sounds just like Costa making excuses for losing to Adesanya.
When earnie shavers was next in line to fight for heavyweight championship...he had an exhibition at an army base..he fought the base champ, my late friend, earnie varga...the 1st round they toyed around..before the second round shavers asked, do you want to go at it...so in the 2nd round my friend knocked shavers down,,then knocked him flat out....because shavers was an up and comer...they disqualified my friend, and while shavers was still out cold,,they raised his hand from the canvas....this is a true story...
Idk them gloves looked like they were missing some padding 🤷🏽‍♂️
but why cant this be true you people are sick
Check video for the real evidence joe
https://youtu.be/kEXT0K3tkb0
Wilder got his a$$ whopped! Period!
Fury is fast quick very sharp hard to hit good combinations one the best fighters off all time he NO MIKE TYSON SORRY HE CHATED
Wilder was afraid 😨  of fury . But can't blame him but damn i can't believe his  this week mentally.
He is the best in the world all weight classes fury won’t be beaten unless he beats himself
AND FURY HAS NEVER LEFT NO ONE IN HIS WHOLE CAREER THAT HURT FACT IF IM RONG PLEASE SHOW EVIDENCE BRICKS IN GLOVES 🧤
Truth be told fury ain’t got super punching power he is one the greatest boxers off all time BUT  reminds me off margarita vs costa sorry for spelling but Avery punch fury threw left heavy damage on wilders face head ear
3 ??? Don’t you mean 8 excuses disgrace  of a champion
this studio looks meh.
Regarding Wilders right hand - does everyone forget he has STEAL RODS in that hand?? Weighted at least
holy shit what an alpha move
Somehow his loss is blamed on 400 years of our people being oppressed 😒 I can't watch boxing without being told how oppressed I am
Freddie Roach called it first to pressure Wilder and knock him out.  Next fight Fury stops Wilder.  I thought Freddie was crazy but hes a genius.  Thats why he trains and i watch.
Tyson Fury = Cheating. Khabib = Cheating. Biden = Cheating. Can losers stop being salty for a second and move on ?
This part
how much does his ego way then
Tyson Fury I don’t know if your cheating or not... I hope your not (bottom of my heart) but you need to back up all the claims.. this isn’t your first accusation on the matter. I love your comeback story...but if your cheating in the mix..that breaks my heart. We need a III with Wilder and prove you can defeat him once again to shut everyone up (I believe the first fight you could’ve  won easy if you were the champ but bias and knockdowns count a lot)...then move on to Joshua and a mega fight will happen. After defend your title 2-3 more times and retire.. you have nothing more to prove in the heavyweight division. If that happens stay in shape and be a Sugar Ray Leonard and comeback to fight the champ and prove your as good as we suspect. God bless you and everyone.
Didn't Fury test positive for steroids when he fought Klitschko?? So explain the left glove flapping around like a balloon. Why do we see Fury knuckles through the right glove? Clearly bias here. Smh
What if wilder had the coronavirus makes sense now he was not well.
Joe Rogan, since you’re “so knowledgeable”. How do you explain fury knocking out wilder like that when he’s never been known for having knockout power? How do you explain the brand new wrinkled glove? How does blood get on the knuckles of your hand wrap if you’re hand is peoberly in the glove? Cmon really? Stick to MMA dude.
Are they on the set of Star Trek Enterprise it looks pretty cool
That’s second fight showed how underclass and untrained my boy wilder is... that shit broke my heart lol
“Conceive. Believe. Achieve... Shut the f*ck up.”
So y’all mfs gonna d ride fury like his camp didn’t tell a professional photographer to remove photos of his gloves from the fight with wilder or they would sue ... I swear Caucasian people only see what they want to see ..let wilder be under these same accusations it would be on ESPN for weeks fuck boxing at this point
Rogan praised Loma... Lopez beat him....silence on the matter. Interesting 🤔
He has a rematch clause watch how Wilder proves you wrong
“Proven”  Meanwhile there’s video footage
Joe rogan is beyond biased just anti black  It’s clear that he cheated both fights
Did yall see the gloves? I want you guys put up those pictures and explain it since y’all say it’s nothing wrong with it.
7:20 challenge accepted
Fury is simply the better boxer 💯 Wilder has probably the hardest punch in the devision but to me, that's pretty much it....
Check out Young Pharaoh’s video on Fury cheating against Wilder. Rogan just blowing it off as not true, is lame. Rogan sucks now, so does Luke.
Tyson Fury had god with him 🥊
Hope Breland gets paid lost what little respect I had for Wilder
Joe all of what you're is invalid. And I rock with you. On this yiu are very wrong
Welcome to City Kickboxing can I take your order please?
Joe the first accuse is bullshit but the last two are true. Not the poison
Fury expose him and take his soul in that fight. RIP DEONTAY WILDER
Might be that Obama water from Flint Michigan, He's still not Champ plus all this stupid shit now.
People who lose always have excuses. You lost and u got a chance got a rematch. Prove it with the rematch u got your ass beat do something about it
Fury won the 2nd fight in the 1st fight when he got up after that knockdown
Dang now I see white supremacy is in sports as well you obviously can see he cheated 😂 why can could see his knuckles in the gloves if you can explain then you just using I’m white and I say so. You can break someone skull with gloves 😂
Saw the fight. Fury destroyed Wilder, who seemed to have wobbly legs.
I hate the new set up the other set had like a home vibe like two people chillin not a official podcast
Ortiz just had a hip replacement. Wilders ko's near all but 4 had just been ko'd the fight before fighting wilder so already shown the could be ko'd.
Rogan stick to MMA...you clearly don't understand the glove allegations
Wilder acts like a gay liberal. Total cringelord who cant cope with being a lousy fighter.
Sorry but I must say this,,where wilder and his shenanigans are concerned.  You guys have taken your time in recognising who wilder really is,,still hanging on to the stupid propaganda on wilders punching power..he knocked out who,,Ortiz,, Ortiz was never a champ,doesn’t have one elite fighter on his resume..Ortiz unproven at least.. Stiverne 🤣🤣🤣🤣😛
Who even is that nonce case
I like how the news is totally looking over the fact that he did steriods😂. Dude is a cheater 😂. That depression was a cover up.
Pathetic excuses from a “champion”
He threw the fight. Hes signing a contract with WWE to face drew macintyre for wrestlemania 2021.
A man's true colors comes out during times of adversity. Wilder isn't the character most thought he was. All of this is showing who he really is. A proud fool.
Aye Tyson fury’s jab and distance does damage with no effort
Deontays got some real grimey cats telling him what to say
Yeah he was definitely cheating the tape dont lie
People talking about everything except for the words that came out of wilder's mouth  IN OTHER WORDS: STOP SAYING HE MADE EXCUSES YOU DID NOT HEAR HIM SAY IN ORDER TO DISCREDIT WHAT YOU ACTUALLY HEARD HIM SAY
How can *YOU* be saved and have *ETERNAL LIFE?*  1) *YOU* have *SINNED* (Romans 3:23) 2) The wages of *YOUR* sin is separation from God and death, in the *ETERNAL FLAMES OF HELL* (Romans 6:23) 3) To avoid this fate and go to heaven, *YOU* must be *PERFECT* because God is *PERFECT* (Revelation 21:27) 4) *YOU* will never be perfect because *YOU* have sinned, so *YOU* need a *SAVIOUR* since *YOU* cannot earn heaven by *YOUR* works (Ephesians 2:8-9) 5) Jesus Christ *IS* God; who came in the flesh, lived a *PERFECT* life and died as a *SUBSTITUTE* for *YOU,* so *YOU* don't have to pay the penalty for *YOUR* sins (2 Corinthians 5:21). 6) All God demands is that *YOU BELIEVE* in the death and resurrection of Jesus Christ; that *HIS BLOOD* washes away *ALL* of *YOUR* sins and makes *YOU PERFECT* (John 3:16, John 6:47, Romans 10:9-10, 1 Corinthians 15:1-4). 7) Now *YOU* cannot go to hell because *YOU* have *NO* sins to pay for. Jesus *PAID* for *ALL* of *YOUR* sins. *YOU* have received the *FREE GIFT* of *ETERNAL LIFE* (1 John 5:13)
Lol y’all watching too much rocky if you believe Tyson didn’t cheat. Lmao the Great White Hope Huh?
Joe !  You know fighting. Forget about everything else and find clips of the way Fury’s left glove was flapping around when he landed left hooks on Wilder. His fist was seated in the palm of that glove. Those  “open glove slaps “ were closed fisted punches.
This ain’t right Joe the  WBC ain’t right Joe history is just repeating it self time and time again and you and know this the WBC has been  sweeping shit like this under the rug for years. Smh
This shit is crazy so y’all mean to tell me you actually believe this shit ? Man when in the hell has Tyson fury ever have devastating  finishing power in his career ? Can someone tell me or show me
It’s like Conor saying after Khabib loss, “Doesn’t count, Khabib kept holding my wrists” 🤣🤣🤣  Wilder delusional
:/
those gloves did look tampered with tho, please get 1st508thAirborn onto your podcast plz
So fucking happy to see the best MMA analyst in the game get on a platform this huge. Good luck luke 👊
FOR YOU NIEVE , AND GULLABLE , BELIEVE ANYTHING ASS PEOPLE GET ON TYSON FURY SIDE. better take a look at the evidence at hand Watch "YOUNG PHARAOH DESTROYS TYSON FURY'S CUTMAN "JACOB DURAN" WITH NEW PROOF FURY CHEATED!!" on YouTube https://youtu.be/6LYyzn1MhSw
Fury used his white privilege to out box wilder. #Bumsquaad
Look... Wilder has no boxing skills. Zero footwork...Zero head movement... Zero strategy... NOTHING but power in his right hand. The Heavyweight division is so weak that that allowed him to ascend to become champion. Fury has footwork , power , movement.
If wilder had loss to another Afro -American fighter he and his followers wouldn’t be making excuses like they do . The fact that he thought and was told he was the new Afro-American heavyweight boxing messiah ,to then get beat by this big goofy white dude from England has destroyed him mentally and emotionally .  Being the heavyweight champion esp in America, historically was a finger up to white supremacy .The  heavyweight is the king of all sportsman and the baddest man on the planet . Wilder bought  the weight of history on his shoulders into this  fight along with the current racial climate ,He walked out to black power , the suit , the black history extravaganza .No fighter in history has took a loss the way he has crazy  excuse after excuse . He just happened to get beat by a more superior fighter . This is a big part of why he has loss the plot ! He’s embarrassed !He feels he let his ppl down and is seeking by any means to justify it!
You guys don't know s*** about Boxing. ..lol😂😂
Dang I went back and watched the fight again now I got to look into Shavers lol! BRB again!
Cant believe u would be this bias , nieve, or gullable joe rogan to not clearly see this guy is a fuckin cheater.. and has been doing so for yearrrrrs... how does a doctor lie about his jaw being fractured in a way it could only happen if he had altered his glooves with weights????
Who's the biggest sore loser: Trump or Wilder?
Yea idk about Wilders other drastic excuses but FURY GLOVES IN THE LAST FIGHT WAS VERY SUSPECT.
I would love to hear an interview from Mark Breland! Feel sorry for the man. Getting caught up in Wilders fairy tales.
All sounds like the excuses berbick made against Tyson??
If you ever put on a boxing glove you would know that it is impossible for it to bend that way! That is something you can't deny and if you disagree you never put a glove on before. Tyson fury isn't even known for his power! Wilder was eating punches from Luis Ortiz arguably the hardest puncher in the division and didn't go down 1 time in two of the fights. For Tyson to put a actual dent in his head is ridiculous. yes you can argue wilder came in lighter and Tyson jumped up in weigh for the second fight so he would most likely be hitting harder but there is no way he would have did that much damage. Tyson even has sparring partners who put up videos of his gloves where padding was clearly taken out. this isn't the first time he has tampered with gloves. He also avoided taking drug tests in the past witch to me indicates your hiding something. So given the history he should be in question  ,the proof is in the pudding. And if he didn't cheat why is he ducking the 3rd fight why not make that trilogy everyone wants to see? That im sure will make him way more money than fighting Agit Kabayel . Is it because he has to much heat on him now? Is  he worried that if he can't tamper with the gloves again he might lose??? As far as his trainer tampering with the water I will admit that is a little suspicious and I definitely think that if you felt that way you should of took a drug test to see if he really did mess with the water. I would have at least done that before ruining that mans career. Because if your not 100 percent on that you shouldn't say anything till you know fersure. Because say the man didn't do it... well now you just lost a good trainer and friend over nothing.
Wilder took this loss better than trump 2020
3:11 Joe you are perfectly right! Tyson said it himself right before the second fight that after the first fight and especially after the knockdown he figure out how to beat Deontay
https://youtu.be/Xo7I1SJXI88
“Everyone has a plan until they were a 40lb costume into the ring”
spotify yeah nah
If a man the size of Fury had egg weights in his gloves Wilder would probably be dead
Wilder got destroyed. Physically and mentally DESTROYED. Excuses are just pathetic.
Not a big wilder fan but, fury's gloves looked mad suspect tbh.
Wilder and Trump pulling the same shit 😆
there is a lot people that need help for mental issues  i am one of then How do you get help with out having money or insurance???
0:25 actually is correct and is true. Joe.. stick to ufc. U obviously dont know much about boxing gloves and how fury’s gloves were more than just suspect in that fight
Deontay got man handled. And its okay. Its a fight not some magical experience. Wilder is the greatest knock out artist I’ve ever seen and probably to ever exist. Everyone needs to respect and enjoy the entertainment.
And for the people asking I'm from valencia spain
I hate this video so much
Joe you should go and check the video they make on fury   failing drugs test and tampering his gloves more than once and please don't get the gloves confused  First and second fight his gloves looks suspicious . Right glove no pading  left glove  bending 90 degree's
Fury is clearly the better boxer in my opinion but, If you don’t see that he cheated with those floppy Deflated gloves, you’re choosing to ignore it.
Tyson won the 1st fight and remember he was so far ahead he needed a Knock Out and he got it and you seen Tyson Fury completely Out and then he released what happened and got up like nothing I have seen in my whole life and beats up Deontay again lol so Fury has to start over again when we all knew that he won but Tyson went straight at him knocking him down and down again in the 2nd fight, no wonder Deontay was afraid to fight him a 3rd time and he is a sore loser making up so many different stories about how it was not his fault that he lost lol build a bridge and get over it Deontay! Tyson Fury has never lost a fight and is fighting a separating fight against Death, Depression what ever you want to call it!
Fury tamper his gloves before
Wilder got puch on the back of the head more than once . Facts
Wilder was bleeding from his ear no the inside.  so why stop the fight
Joe rogan talks like he knows
Wilders turned himself into a complete joke. Embarrassment to his community, needs to stop saying he reps the black community because hes making the ancestors look bad, they were tough and took responsibility for themselves. Pathetic
How do you explain the unusual bending of the gloves
wilder isn't the first one to say fury tampers with his gloves either though! training partners have even come forward. I think he's just a beast!
Everyone already knew wilder was just winging it.. Holding onto that belt as long as he could until he came up against some better competition
I bet wilder used the "dog ate my homework" excuse in school the big dosser
We all saw the gloves flapping tho😐
Regardless on how the boxing world tried to put it nobody risk can  Bend that far back the on a swing..🤝🏾
He’s turning himself into a joke. Fury beat the shit out of him that second fight, it was never even close.
Look at Anthony Joshua as uppercut against Klitschko
I liked his Skyrim Level 100 Armor.
really?
Wilder vs Usyk next??
Lets be real... Its pretty clear wilder is a racist, Black supremacist or whatever you want to call it. He can't handle the fact that he got his ass beat by a white boy. Simple as that.
Wilder's face was broke the fuck up like cotto's was when he fought margarito the 1st time.
They cheated wilder period. And the guy the trainer  could of got paid off as well. From fury.. fury gloves was flopping . So what's the reason for that bare fist period hurts and illegal
Wilder has a right hand. Take that away, he’s got f all!
Joe I used to like you but now your super bias. Because your acting like Tyson was caught cheating before with the exact same tactics. And if he didn’t cheat why does he refuse to give detonate his contracted rematch. And don’t act like Tyson didn’t get knocked out the first fight. Smfh
Tyson Fury is known for being shady. Good fighter but he did cheat before N bend rules on several occasions. N got his license revoked in  the United kingdom ! So we shall see...
Joe rogan is absolutely correct with the enumeration of Deontay's claims ! But it's funny how mainstream media picked on the story just now and were extremely silent for a long time ! Now with a possible lawsuit against fury , seems like a lot of peoples may be scare of the outcomes of Wilder claims !!
Wilder isn't saying his skill level boxing is bad. He is saying they used illegal tactics and things to harden and strengthen the punches. Like the 🥊 going at a 90 degree angle in which is not possible. The official images showing there being something in the glove. in which the shape in the glove shows proof of his claims.
Who else went to look up Ernie Shavers lmao 🙋🏾‍♂️🤭
LMMFAO!
It’s already proof that Tyson cheated y’all Bias and Ugly af
Wilder is crying and crying and making himself look horrible. But can someone actually breakdown the glove thing to me? Joe just said, "it's totally false". But why? I've see the videos breaking down the technique and showing the videos of the gloves flopping around. It looks like if that's the case, that is totally cheating. I wish Joe would have broke down why the videos are false? (Maybe has in another show I haven't seen yet)
Wilder ducked Aj , he will not fight dangerous fighters , he thought an out of shape fury was his easiest option , he had to then fight a fit fury and of course lost . Dw has had his career massaged all the way through by people wanting to ride on the money train, his victories are against older “past it” fighters and heavyweights not fit to lace boots of previous champions , he’s the very definition of a paper champion and all the excuses in the world will not change that fact . Not a boxer just a Totally overrated fighter with a great right hand .
When they hate ! Donate ! My rent is due
Wilder talks about Fury having metal in his gloves when Wilder has metal in his fists
Fury can fit in a Ferrari??
EXCUSES, TILL THIS DAY ALL ABOUT EXCUSES!  TILL THIS DAY!!!!! Hahahhhaha
Steal rods in his right hand duh
You also have to realize Joe that Tyson Fury has cheated multiple times in his boxing career even being suspended and stripped of his titles! I believe Deontay Wilder was cheated and no one believes it because they don't want another black king holding the heavy weight title! Tyson fury is a cheater and he'll always be one..
Y’all just love to have that White Hope In Boxing
It’s obvious that nigga Tyson fury gloves was loaded bro watch the fight
Y’all weak ass tryin play him and you know that man Tyson fury gloves was tampered with period
Joe rogan you know you saw that glove in the first fight . I'm done with you and your channel.
No one can say the glove situation isn’t very weird
NOPEEEE Tyson fury fuckin cheated.
common JOe, its a easy fact check.   https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=lMSVjTp0A9I
When I was a kid in the 80s, we referred to daytime TV (Soap operas and talk TV like Donahue) as "girl shows." They were pure emotion, drama, and gossip. Now we have girl shows for guys. Joe Rogan features emotion, drama, and gossip. He dresses it up in a hunter/UFC bow to give it a "manly" flavor. Same shit, different toilet.
Lol Wilder got beaten and he absolutely cannot accept it. I remember hearing "the costume wore my legs out" excuse.... bro you're trying to tell walking around and standing for 15 mins wore you out?
Im never looking at Joe Rogan the same again....I looked at him suspect back when he was touting Ronda Rousey as the greatest female fighter in the world and blubbering over her when he had her on his show.  Knowing she had HUGE deficits in her game he still went on and on about her.  But even then I gave him the benefit of the doubt:  "He's just being a 'company' man."  were my thoughts.  Then, more red flags were raised when I saw him have these vegans on his show and how he refused to relent that veganism was the most optimal diet for human beings.  These people were siting study after study on how plant based is better for you and the harm flesh causes on health and this guy denied, denied, denied the evidence in his face. Hell, Im not even vegan but had to acknowledge the truth despite my personal preferences. And now this (smh)....I wonder if he actually saw the pictures of Fury's gloves or is just going off hear say:  If going off hear say then the shit he was kickin while he had Alex Jones on about "fact checkin" goes out the window and if he actually saw the photos taken from the fight, where you can literally see the impression of this man's hand/fingers "THROUGH THE FUCKING GLOVE," and is still saying it's nonsense - then he's not as objective as I thought....kinda disappointing.....very disappointing, actually.
Joe Rogan, you know damn well Tyson Fury cheated. He put a dent a Deontay Wilder's Skull. Denting someone's skull can ONLY happen with objects in gloves. A pathetic puncher like Tyson Fury will NEVER  will be able to do that with any boxer without egg weights.
Look at this angle. And NOBODY including wilder dumbass ever thought of this. WHAT IF...... Deontay wilder caught C19 going into that fight.  Did his silly ass ever think of that? Let's look back. That fight was literally days before SHTF and the country shut down. Wilder indeed looked like Shit that night in my opinion. ( this was my natural assessment during fight no external influence). He looked slow and weak and easily gassed. The talks about water consumption  , I remember in the early days of C19,  people especially professional athletes who got covid claimed their tongue loss the sense of taste.  Did wilder experience mild symptoms that night ? NOBODY was testing or even equipped to test for C19 at that time. Did water taste funny in his mouth? This also explains why his costume was weakening him. This is a REAL SCENARIO . This ain't no boxing conspiracy with refs, trainers and opposing corners in cahoots this ain't no they hating on the blackman this ain't no pandering.This is a REAL SCENARIO. But wilder went a bozo route shitted on his trainer and made a billion excuses. Which has made him laughing stock with zero credibility
100% there was something sketchy bout Fury gloves.. look at the pics. & we all know Fury isnt a trustworthy dude.
Deontay needs some Alpha Brain ™
He is a joke. Thug
It seems Fury beat almost all of Wilder's remaining brain cells out of him.
I'm mad he turned down training from Floyd Mayweather.
Wilder is everybody’s first Fight Night caf. 90-99 power gets you far until later in your career
tyson fury destroyed wilder in the first fight...he was robbed of that W.
Americans talking about Boxing is like women talking about football! Talking about Wilders fur coat...Jesus! 😩
He got wore out wearing 40 pounds?  That's what a Scottish kilt weighs.
Wilder is still dangerous,  trust me! The greatest one punch knock out artist is the history of boxing. 95% knock out ( b4 he lost to fury) is not a joke. But he fucked up now. I'm disappointed
You do know he tested positive for performance enhancing drugs  the guys a cheater  and he wouldn’t give Klitschko his rematch.
The debt on Wilder’s head. He states his dr said a boxing glove wouldn’t and couldn’t cause that type of damage. Isn’t this enough to point to Fury having something his training placed in his glove.
Tyson fury is sh.t  Cheating bum no more glove 🥊  tricks , it wasn’t the first but is the last
Rogan I love your podcast but I have to disagree...Tyson has never had power and there is overwhelming proof  he cheated in both fights...Now let’s do Fight 3 with all the allegations out there and see what happens I think he gets smoked...
damn, the title got me .... thought for a sec tyson fury lost a fight
deontay wilder the hardest punching heavy weight isn't denting peoples heads with punches but Tyson fury is denting heads with his pillow hands. if you aren't going to show the evidence or look at the evidence before you say something is easy not factual then you shouldn't make videos on it . seems like you see a white man that needs defending so you influence your fans to believe the bullshit that pours out Fury's mouth. that man didn't  have no damn  depression he got caught taking steroids.
Deontay wilder wouldn’t be in these conversations if he was as bad as they say he is. It’s just recent fight syndrome
🎵 Knees weak, costume heavy His water’s been spiked already, legs spaghetti He’s nervous, but on the surface he looks calm and ready To drop bombs, but he keeps on forgetting  That this time, he’s facing a top boxer now He tries to land, but he’s been countered now He’s choking, Fury’s beating his ass down now  The clock runs out, time’s up, over now Snap back to reality, there goes his sanity There goes the WBC, he choked He’s so mad, but he won’t accept graciously  He won’t have it, everyone was against him oh Gloves loaded, Bayless unfair, Beland a joke 🎵
I’ve met Earnie Shavers he lives not far from me. He let me punch him in the jaw whilst my friend took a picture. Such a nice genuine guy. Hands like fcking shovels.
I don't know who this other dude is, but he has the most punchable face i've ever seen.  I don't even have a reason, this dude is like Will Ferrell in Step Brothers to me.
So nobody saw Fury's glove bending opposite of where he's punching? Fury cheated plain and simple
Wilder gives me second hand embarrassment every time he talks.
I watched puncher of the century and that title could be tweaked a little to be the hardest puncher of the century just go and watch the man when he's exhausted in a fight. When you would expect someone to have the least amount of power. Pity pity the fool that plays with that man he could look like your average man that could make you an astronaut if he uppercutted you right damn that's impressive I wouldn't think you would bring it up though if it wasn't when it comes to Combat Sports I always believe that mr. Rogan and mr. Thomas are always telling you the truth to the best of their knowledge because when they reference something I check it and it always checks out I have yet to be disappointed thank you gentlemen forgiving the greatest gift anyone can receive unconditional knowledge despite what you think being given unconditional knowledge is the greatest thing anyone can receive knowledge is power and if you get given unconditional well it's just that free no strings I give you a fish you eat today I teach you to fish you eat for life I forgot to put I'm using voice activated text it makes a punctuation and some grammar choices prohibitively difficult I do apologize for the difficult treat I'm sure you understand but I do sincerely apologize
7:15 ..... hold up, be right back
Done with Rogan
“Tyson fury is awesome” yea that’s what happened that’s what it was
white people know it all huh ? 😂😂😂😂 foh
get Spotify to ad a proper user interface for video with higher resolution and i might switch over
Those gloves did look funny I've never seen new gloves look like that.
Sounds like a delusional disorder of sorts
Mark said yea im busted I put something in your water and I pissed in it when you fired me.
Lets get one thing clear, those gloves look sus, pls someone show me another video of a boxer using this method 😂😂
Thank you joe  You said everything I’ve been saying since the 2nd fight
Fury is a known cheater... The evidence is clear... People will lie to themselves of it fits their wicked narrative... Wilder never blamed the vest
Explain the gloves flopping around though the video shows it I've never seen this shit. Strategy or not the gloves were definitely tampered.
Keep that same energy when you talk to his face.
Wilder sounds dumb af saying this but.... Wilder fought his worst fight and didn't look right from the start
STFU!! The man feels cheated??? Y'all don't know if Fury cheated just going against the black man..
The MTFer cheated and joe actin like they didn’t c Tyson fury’s glove flapping. JOE UR BECOMING A SELLOUT. NOT QUITE VLAD BUT UR GETTN THERE.
Wilder fan boys will still back him.
Oh so this guy breaks down boxing now ...
Did you not see that floppy ass glove?! Damn, i can tell your ancestors took the Americas by force... You can't be honest if your life depended on it Smh
Wilder is the Goat...at coming up with excuses lol, when I lose on Fifa I blame the controller this is the same thing
I’d have to disagree about Ernie Shavers, good power but his highlights didn’t show any one punch KO’s. Not the caliber of Mike Tyson, Julian Jackson, Larry Holmes , Roy Jones or  Deontay Wilder as far as SLEEPING opponents. Correct me if Im wrong or add. Respect Joe love the show
Fury’s gloves are easily and clearly seen out of place in that fight from many pics and videos online. Wilder lost because he doesn’t do roadwork and the adrenaline ruined his legs and the costume wouldn’t have helped. It’s Wilders fault he lost but if he had his legs which were CLEARLY shot from the first round, he caught Fury with two right hands early that could have changed the fight.
Earnie Shavers highlights I'll be right back
The Wilder stupid video reminds me of Trump hyping up his fanbase with the 'mail fraud' lies
Breland saved Wilder from himself. Wilder is committing social media suicide. It shows you just how delusional Wilder thought his whole career and isn't helped by the people around him.
So we gone sit here and act like Tyson Fury had his gloves on correctly? 😂
I’m from Alabama and I like Wilder a lot, I’ve had a lot of respect for him and have supported him as a local competitor in the past but it’s all trickling away now.  This is ridiculous, honestly Wilder isn’t a very bad boxer but he has ridiculous power that makes up for the deficiencies he does have- deficiencies that Fury recognized in fight one and capitalized on in fight two, effectively erasing Wilder’s power advantage.  You lost Wilder, let go of the ego and accept it and learn from why you lost or you’re never gonna be a champion again.  Maybe never, I don’t know.....man he has a lot of power.  😄
Wilder is an elite level buffoon. It's actually quite astonishing. I'm not even gonna bother breaking down all this nonsense. There's two main things to take away from Wilder's recent comments.   *NUMBER 1.* Wilder is claiming that Tyson Fury loaded his gloves with egg weights. Something that is virtually impossible to do in a Nevada fight. The commission handle the gloves pre fight and are present, along with Wilders on coach Jay Deas, during Fury's hand wrapping. But fine. Let's say Fury's team *STILL* somehow manage to load his gloves. The moment that fight is over and after a few hugs, kisses etc, the Nevada commission remove Fury's gloves and take them away for inspection. Meaning Fury would have *ZERO* chance of getting away with it. And of course we're not even going into how damaging it would be to Fury's *OWN* hands.   But people...this is not even the reason Wilder is a supreme idiot. The reason is this. If he truly believes Fury loaded his gloves then *SURELY*  he should be on his knees thanking Mark Breland for throwing in the towel and effectively saving his life? Or was Wilder happy to take several more huge shots from these supposedly loaded gloves? Moron.   *NUMBER 2.* The second reason is pretty straightforward and quite simply beyond embarrassing and something he can't come back from. He's been claiming  for the past couple years that AJ has been ducking him and refused all his offers for a fight...then Wilder in inadvertently revealed himself. In a tweet he made to Fury by saying *_"You know I was offered more Money to fight AJ"_*  .... wait a minute... wasn't you the one claiming AJ wanted no part of you and ducked you for two years?   What's sooo bad about this is Wilder thought he was cherry picking Fury (as he's done his whole career) as Fury had just come off a 2 year, drug & depression fueled lay off. And it back fired. BIG TIME. He only had one chance to beat Fury, when he was at about 50% of himself. He missed it, got battered in the re-match and now he's helping to finally expose himself to the world. What an idiot.   Ladies and Gentlemen. This man is finished.
As somebody who has suffered brain damage from Impact to the cranium they saved his life that he knew you know how they say you're not guaranteed to come out of the ring the same man you went into the ring in the greatest thing about rain damages is you don't even realize until it's undeniable and by that time it is way too late because compared to what you're used to be like you've gone batshit crazy and you realized eventually that there might be something wrong in the meantime everything you know and love is gone because you are not the same person saved your life that you knew Mr Wilder you fired the man who saved your little girls Daddy literally think about that next time you look at your daughter sir the man you fired was saving her pain was saving her dad what's even the person who puts food on the table I'm not being able to put food on the table the same way you fired that man the man that loves you enough to disobey Bay your direct commands to never throw in the towel because he loved you and he knew what could happen and he would not stand there and let it happen can you fired him you're a p**** you can't even take a f****** loss but if you had your way you would have lost everything you knew cared and loved because the brain damage would change you drastically lights are on is somebody else home oh sorry about the lack of punctuation in the poor grammar I'm having to use voice activated text those things are prohibitively difficult my sincerest apologies for the difficult read I'm sure you understand Mark Breland saved your daughter's daddy
Who has more excuses Wilder or Trump?
wilders a simpleton that can barely string a sentence together.. Dillian said it best, he's a crackhead. he fought nobody's until tyson... Americans like Rogan acting like he's the shit is laughable. Deep down they know hes an embarrassment
0:20 https://youtu.be/M-4sHL8Yjrs
Joe Rogan has become so commercial
I wouldn’t be surprised if mark Breland Was let go as he wouldn’t get on side with Deontays ballshit
I agree Wilder is an awesome human being. Seen several of his 1-2-1 sit downs and he is genuinely a nice dude. Only this nice dude, sucks at handling defeat ... That's pride fcukin' with ya!
Respect to Mark Breland. He deserves some recognition.
Can i ask something, why is luke, the white hair guy full of knowledge? I've just known him being  the guy where jon jones said :i  dont really like you Luke, so im not gonna answer your question. So who is he? Was he a fighter himself, why does he know so much about grappling also, all of that I thought he's just a journalist or something
You CAN'T teach power!  #TitoTrindad
Ok Let’s Admit He Has A Point About Them Gloves
Wilder tripping man
Joe, hate to say this - but you have NO fkn idea what you're talking about. Wilder never said shit about his outfit being too heavy - there is clear footage of the gloves being tampered with and it's not furys first time doing so- he has actually been caught cheating this exact way.. know what your talkin about b4 u open your mouth 🤫
Wilder wearing a baseball cap would wear his skinny ass legs out
Thats why fighters fight to overcome adversity and crime? Maybe. I will step in the ring against a futuristic soldier just to get my anger out and because I cant put in the work so these are just meaningless words and so we think
Nothing worse than a poor loser.  He got beat. Period. Give your opponent the credit he's due, learn from your mistakes, and come back better.  BE A FUCKING MAN.
Wilder must be Trumps twin ? Cry and blame the world when they lose lol
The skinny guy power and jacked guy no power thing was definitely the case even in high school wrestling
And why is fury running and pulling out the rematch
Wilder was always overrated take the L like a man improve and come back
Do your research joe two of those things wilder never said
Tyson cheated young pharaoh exposes this
One thing is certain.  Deontay Wilder is stupid.
Wilder got his brain smashed and now he’s demented. Lol. Poisoned water? His poor ego can’t admit he got his ass whipped.
Wilder needs too go away and leave Heavyweight Division too Fury and AJ the TRUE ONES !  !  !
I hate when people say “easily provable” and the proceed to NOT prove it tho?? Because all the UNbias videos I’ve seen to break down the footage shows Tyson Fury literally “throwing and flapping his gloves to Wilders head. If you deny Fury’s weighted gloves after seeing the vids frame by frame slow motion or normal speed...then you are just clearly an anti-Wilder type person. People have been waiting to see him lose for long it’s easy to validate the loss. I don’t care for either boxer truthfully I watched the fight with brother who’s a boxing fanatic. I haven’t cared about heavy weight boxing since Mike Tyson. But Fury clearly cheated and I don’t care what any of you so called “professional YouTube commenters” say
till denying the loss....TO THIS DAY!
American heavyweight division   Ali........................................ Wilder   Enough said.
Its funny because the wbc immediately  looked into gervonta tank davis's gloves. But people desperately avoided looking into a guys gloves that has had multiple glove problems in the past. One is white one is black how surprising.
Where’s the interview with Wilder saying his costume was too heavy? Don’t worry I’ll wait! The man never said shit about his costume being heavy that was made up by one of u heathens! Tell scary ass fury Wilder wants his get back! Sorry racist white people there will never be a great white hope 😂😂😂😂
Will see what the judge says my opinion Wilder skipped leg day go watch the second fight he looks like an NBA player not a boxer
Deyontay Wilder may need a no joke serious phyceatric evaluation. And probably a drug screen.
There are some interesting still-frames of Tyson Fury's gloves that look like they are empty
Even Paulo Costa took his L better
The five stages of grief are: denial. anger. bargaining. depression. acceptance.
I believe Wilder was cheated.
The funniest thing is Wilder has finally and unwittingly admitted that he ducked out of a fight with Anthony Joshua after dragging his name through the mud.
Damn Joe you have eyes he definitely had tampered gloves. You could count his knuckles and fingers through his gloves. Fury never had power and have a history of cheating. Why you pushing this BS. Fury does have boxing skills but his cheating skills are just as good if not better. Stop your shit the first fight Fury got a 15 second count
American boxers don't faint and fake??
Their alot of videos of Tysons furys glove bullshit that support the claims
Gypsy King needs a movie
Looks like Joe Rogan has officially  chosen to back up fury i cant watch this guy no more
It still hasnt been debunked smh
Regardless....Tyson Fury a drug cheat, liar and he know the glove wasnt on all the way smh
Tyson fury cheating there’s too many evidence and if you deny the glove pictures you’re a total moron. 💯
To be fair Furys gloves look kinda funny
Tyson earned it
I don’t even wana watch wilder talk as I feel embarrassed and cringy. When he talks lol dude turning into a try hard. He a good dude off the cuff but when the cameras on hes a doof
I don’t like that Wilder is coming forth now but still; Fury’s gloves weren’t right and y’all know it.
What's with young AMERICAN black men not being ablet to be humble in defeat? We have black young men here in the UK having no problem admitting defeat and then getting better, AJ/Whyte being 2 at the top of my head. So please it's not a race it's cultural. Young american black men seem to be the loudest brash people on the planet, but they have to put crazy pressure on themselves that it's impossible to accept a defeat. I mean look at the glove videos, all young black american men.. Why? If it ws strictly just white men making video on a black athelete saying "he's cheated that's why he won"... it's be deamed as racist, so why are we not mentioning it the other way round? Look Wilder was a hero of mine, sure he's not the most skilled fighter, he's got heart well I thought he did. and power and put a show on, i liked that he is a good dad to his daughter etc... But now he's gone and done all this? The pathetic nature. he shouldn't be boxing, that screams brain damage to me.
33👁🤫👌🤘🤝🐑😷
Wilder is probably the weakest heavyweight champ ever. his record is a joke. most of his opponents werent even ranked
Wilder, wants to kill someone in the ring, can't take a loss and lies about cheating and excuses as to why he lost.  Lol, he isn't a Boxer. He is a JOKE.  Shame as he is insanely powerful, his right hand is historical. And he could have been so much more. And sounds like a nice guy.
Wilder ain't lying
Deontay costa
Get shaq on the podcast or some basketball guy
Wilder knows he can’t beat fury
Wilder lost his dam mind 😂
Joe Rogan..... “fury was in tip top condition”.    Let’s be honest. Fury is a fat slob
We not gon act like fury’s gloves weren’t tampered with. It’s literally on all the footage
Fury did cheat with the gloves, not an excuse to why he beat Wilder but still was cheating!
Am I the only one who picked up jealousy and racist tones when they speak of Wilder and then overcompensating with nonsensical praise of his confidence. These two guys are racist.
There’s so much misinformation in this video it’s a shame
This guy has the EXACT same voice as Burt Kreischer
Joe rogans headset sits perfectly Balanced on his bald head
How unfortunate. Wilder is a grown professional athlete and is someone younger people will look up to. He should take the loss as a man and as an athlete. What is this teaching young people? To be cry babies and to think the world is conspiring against them if they lose once! He should be more humble and be a better role model.
Exsplain the glove bending  in odd possitions and dent in head
Deontay Wilder... The Donald Trump of boxing
If he thinks he cheated him why dodge the rematch and prove everyone wrong???
Furry cheated he had pads in the cloves
Wilder is NOT a strategical fighter. He fights like an elementary school child.
Wilder never completely got over his loss to Charlie Zelenoff.
Its so unlike a black man to blame others & make weak excuses for failures.....😆😆😆😆😆😆😆
There is a strength and a constitution, one without another is pointless. Add some agility to reduce both and you have a winner.
Rogan are you shitting me?
I'd be willing to believe the glove thing.. But the rest is Bologna.
Joe should go back to newsradio-he a bit hacky these days
Hopefully he doesn't have some sort of brain injury. None of these things are positive signs or logical
Deontay and his fans acting so female lol. Pure excuses and irrational attitudes. Go to move forward ppl. He lost, no cheating was involved and I'm no fan of either fury or wilder.
Fury is THE G.O.A.T
I dont know Joe....I'm unbiased & I rewatched the fight. You can see the print of Fury's fist through brand new padded gloves.  I doubt the water was poisoned & I also don't buy the excuse about the costume. But Fury is a known cheat & even has a history of issues with his gloves & PED use.
10:54. LOL come to Zambia and you will true power. Ever seen someone get bitch slapped, they pass out and start bleeding from their nose from the slap. Some people just don't get into professional boxing but we have some true Savages down here
Sounds like Joe Rogan got a mouthful of Tyson Fury 🤔 lmao 🤣 😆
Don’t forget Wilder admitted to Ducking Joshua 😂
Prisoner of the moment Joe
Americans can't take a loss. Vietnam etc. Always an excuse
Can yall stop it! We all know Fury don't have no Power!
What happens if they fight again.now that fury is on another level...its how it is in the fight game you level up .
Someone punched Wilder with something heavy and he talk shit :D
Well Joe I hope the penny has finally dropped with wilder and his lies and bullshit, I unsubscribed when you had wilder on and YOU were the yes man when wilder was bullshitting about AJ, I was very disappointed that you never asked him any questions about the shit that was going on at the time but it always comes out in the end
When fury beat wilder I said damn, fury is legit he whooped wilder, but it's obvious his knuckles were showing through the glove, how is marggarito crucified with the same amount of evidence ? And fury tested positive after the klitschko fight, why do we think he wouldn't cheat, maybe he's innocent , but maybe he's not
Why do Americans rate Ortiz so highly? Hasn’t beaten anyone of note and is an old man
Fler auf Wish bestellt
Idk what the hell was up with deontay that night he looked drunk as hell to me
I’d like to see you prove it Joe
Joe only just realising wilder is nuts even though he’s met him lol
Would like to see Joe talk a bit more about Joshua and understand his background. 3 years in the game coming from a potential prison sentence to winning an Olympic gold medal. Then 4 years on unifies the belts.
Listen idiots fury can not punch so there's no way he could knock out wilder he's a bum the guy 6 ft 9 and weak .written by Tom Hanson not Shelley Gibson.
Wilder is like a parody of all the cliches of a terrible boxer and human being. He’s like something out of a Rocky film, the montage of him acting like a prick, getting battered and doubling down.
Wilder was too heavy. He wasn't ready to at the weight he was at. Wilder prep was bad. Should have taken more time between the fights.
The sad thing is people disregard deontay clearly saying he has proof from three specialize doctors also they have pics fury career is over.
Wilder is telling Charlotte's webb stories
Shout out to New Zealand
Fury cheated. Plain and simple
Connor my foot was a balloon wilder hold my costume water bottle an egg weights
Fury beat his so hard even his fans have felt it
Wilder definitely surrounds himself with yes men. But something is fucky about Tyson's new found power 🙄🤔🥊
Joe rogan just called Ortiz world class 🥴😅
Why is joe rogan talking shit literally changed 99% of what wilder said
We should have Tyson fury -Joshua then let wilder fight Joshua after he loses
this podcast is on some caucasoids supremacy shit
pics of Tyson using a glove with the padding taken out
Wait Ferrari builds a vehicle that Tyson Fury fits in😕. That might be the real news in this video
Im a huge joe rogan fan but he is wrong. If you watch the tape fury had his hand pulled out of the glove witch created the floppy glove thing. his fist was essentialy in the unpadded wrist of the glove. im not sure if this is illegal or not but watch the tape its a fact. the rest of the excuses are just that bad exscuses. the glove thing is real. like eddie bravo says "look into it"!!
Luke Thomas is a real shit analyst
1st fight fury the 17/18 man moved and tapped wilder  2nd fight he was more.muscle, sat down on his punches more  So basically wilder is suprised an 18 stone man can hit hard 😑
Eugene Bareman is hands down one of the best coaches in the fight biz
Nooo look at the tapes. Gloves definitely tampered.
Paulo costa going to the same way. New excuse every week
So are we going to ignore the abnormal swelling and the dent and the bleeding ear... I have never in 40 years of boxing seen those kind injuries in a boxing match. Also the foldy floppy gloves ... dont just ignore this obvious evidence coz he's white
Fury beat the breaks off that boy. Had Wilder bleeding out of every orifice of his body.
Joe are u blind???how can any human look at that&say TYSON GLOVES and say nothing was rong..uall fuckin crazy,,,
Let's cut the s**t and speak plainly... Wilder is a poor sport and didn't like losing to a white guy. Boom💥.
Still the glove is weird and he could be rigth there, the hand was not in the spot its supose to be but everything else is dumb.
It’s called smoking ya boots , get hit feel it in your feet haha
Wilder is the man.
He’s a nice guy? The man literally wants to kill someone in the ring and is a bitter racist. Humans are biologically programmed to love their children, it doesn’t make him a nice man just because he loves his kids.
His glove 🥊 was looking wired
Leave it to two white guys too tell the truth!!!... LoL!!!.. shut the F'up!!!
European boxing is rife with cheating and Tyson “Boars Meat” Fury is knee deep.
Rogan know nothing about boxing, only UFC and bjj
Wilder got too confident which the moment he said that his cape and mask was the reason he lost. Supposedly it was heavy which is why he gassed quick 😄.
His gloves were pulled down..
Let's be fair and honest if Joe rogan and hulk hogan had hair in 2020 deontay would have ko'ed tyson 1st round
Julian Jackson, Mike Tyson and Ernie Shavers Hardest Punchers Ever To Do It.
Kronk really wasn’t an offensive based gym. It actually enforced a lot of defense on fighters. I don’t why joe always says it’s an offensive based gym
5:44 as a *HEAVYWEIGHT*
How do you explain the glove flopping in the wind with his punches, how do you explain the dented right glove, and how do you explain the dent in his head which is an impossible injury in boxing? Can you answer that Rohan? And you mention power but Fury isn’t known for power so how does it show up out of nowhere against Wilder but there is no other fight that he displays that same power? Power doesn’t come and go.
I'm not saying I believe glovegate but why was Tysons furys gloves bending in a right angle when he would throw a punch i dont understand that
Was anyone else high and looked up Ernie Shaver highlights
The gloves were clearly tampered with
Where is the facts the video?
Fury did cheat. By punching Wilder in the face. Fucking disgraceful how Fury was the better fighter.
Well, Joe Rogan, welcome to part of the mess you helped created. Weren't you the one giving him false hopes on this same channel of yours? You all knew Wilder had no skills but you thought just the right hand would always be enough. Now he's finding it hard to believe he isn't a superhuman that you made him think he was.
I agree with the the weighted vest not a good excuse , and maybe the  egg weights, but them gloves broo look like  there hella off and thats not the first time he's done that a
Bumsquad
He cheated any can see that cokehead
Till this day!! 😂
BIDEN WON💙
I'd love to see Rogan show tyson glove whip and say he didn't cheat. One has to be bias and or racist to not see it. Tyson cheated and is a cheat.
Even when u don't agree with Joe I respect him enough to hear his whole opinion before I cast judgment lol
charlie zelenoff took his punch
I am a Fury fan through and through but those gloves got me wondering..
idk about all the other excuses but this isn't the first time Tyson has been accused of having his gloves moved around, just have a sus for urself
Just have the third fight and put all this to rest.
You can see the gloves aren’t on the guy hands
wilder is a bum. iv never watched boxing
Boxer that never learned how to box and beat a bunch of bums, got exposed by an actual great and can't handle the L.
Fury was depressed by getting caught doping
At the end of the day Tyson fury got his ass beat just like the first fight and cheated on the first and the second fight this third fight and deontay Wilder going to beat the living s*** out of his ass
Hey Joe Rogan sitting up here line for the white man again Tyson fury cheated because he don't even have the punching power to even knock nobody out just like he cheated on other fighters and you talking about excuses Joe Rogan man you ain't turn into a piece of s***
Boy got mollywhopped 😂😂😂
Americans over hype wilder so much, apart from a 40 year old Luis Ortiz hes never beat anyone from the top 10 rankings because he refuses to fight them like he did Dillan Whyte and like he did Anthony Joshua, Deontay Wilder has 41 wins and has only ever won 1 heavy weight title! just for comparison Anthony Joshua has won 4 of the 5 heavy weight titles in 23 victory's. Wilder is a bum who fights bums
This guy can talk.. love his accurate break downs
Oh ok.. There goes that good ol' white supremacist coming out.
Shredder fought 4 Ninja Turtles with a similar costume.   Not mine but one of my favorites   Dude got his ass kicked 🤣
I missed the rematch?
Who ever is managing Wilder is doing a terrible job and should be fired asap. He admits that he passed up the $100 million payday against AJ, which I highly doubt he receive an offer like that anytime soon, the way they are handling the Tyson loss looks terrible.
Fury was cheating though. You can see him punching with his knuckles.
Man tysons gloves do look very suspect imo
I used to love this pod until I realized joe speaks 90% of the time without knowing all of the facts and both sides of an argument it’s became complete propaganda
Fury cheated and truth will come to light
Black history month is now White history month.
Tyson overcame his demons and came back to take his throne. Wilder is a little boy crying because he was humiliated. That’s the gist
I DGAF what you guys talking about, who can't look at those gloves & not tell they were rigged. #2, I remember saying to myself that Wilder didn't look right. Like he was poisoned ☠. So I believe him ✊🏾
Somewhere Charlie Zelenoff is grinning.
So up to now it's been, the costume was too heavy, his wrists were out the gloves, there was egg weights in the glove, my trainer shouldnt have thrown in the towel, my water was spiked by my trainer, oh and I ducked AJ not the other way round. Madness
Deontay Wilder is a bum
Talk about brilliant feinting and deceptive power for their size, check out Naoya Inoue. They don't call him The Monster because he needs a new nickname!
You're dead wrong joe rogan....tyson fury is a cheater......hands down
I can’t believe the word “excuses” came outta Rogans mouth on Wilder. This whole world of big time celebrities is one big HOAX when new media comes in to do their own investigations. Professional boxers even said Fury cheated.
🤨🤨🤨
Fury not doing what his supposed to. Give him the rematch and end the noise.
Excuses excuses excuses wilder got outboxed plain and simple fury fucked him up
He beat Wilder to Death !
When I saw Tyson rise up in the first fight felt like we saw Rocky in real life felt like I heard Micky say, " GET UP YOU SON'OVA BITCH CAUSE MICKEY LOVES YA!!!."
Fury cheated, you just have to look at the evidence. All this talking don't mean nothing.
You have always ssid for the right price he would do anything:thats on video: So how much or maybe thats why U got that new contract out of nowhere; Smooth dirty Devil.
Cut it out joe! A Dr. Said a glove can't do that! Or them hand wraps and you should know that being your into combat sports smh Joe disappointing
Bullshit he didn’t change shit but the technique he used to to cheat lol yall r starting to sound like old media lol but ok
Wilder should def stfu...but that glove wasn’t right.
Joe. Yes he did have his fist in the wrist part and his rt glove had no padding. WATCH the videos of his glove folding like paper. I like Fury but he def cheated Wilder.
https://youtu.be/gMv-5N606xI
Without all these excuses Wilder knows a rematch is pointless since he got dominated, I hope all these excuses are real because if not its another easy win for FURY
Wilder did not say that about the costume  the Old media said that he said that.That is 2nd hand hear say.But Joe why artn' t you showing the pictues of the gloves and the shape of the dents on his head egg shape: What about the 3 Mexican fighters who tested positive for performance enhancement drugs; Yet nothings wrong according to WBC and Suliman; But when a Mexican Woman lost a fight to Chines fighter drugging allegations are being investigated right away,why not for Wilder and if not, why is he not honnoring the rematch clause.
Deontay Wilder's treatment by the WBC and this comment section is a reflection of how ADOS are treated in America: a general bias of disrespectful dismissal. Instead of any of you who are calling him a "bum", not many of you are actually refuting Widers' claims of a known cheater AKA Tyson Fury. The momentum of bias and favoritism to Fury as contained in these comments was unfortunately, expected. Similar to the general disrespectful dismissal that ADOS men and women experience by the police. No intention of listening to understand nor an objective review of data but only the vicious spirit of escalation & belittlement.
The gloves did look like they wasn't on right
Wilder's inner bit** is showing you could see this type of things coming I mean he fought this skinny a$$ kid that bad mouthed him in the Internet He is petty as hell
Deontay "I need you inside me" Wilder.
im amazed to not see no objectivity in this video? Tyson gloves definitely looked suspect am i the only one who sees this? not saying Tyson didnt out box him but the gloves didnt look right no way! thought they would of spoke about why they were like that?
A confident champ is Tyson walking with a towel on.
Tyson fury is freaking cheater. He used egg weights and almost killed wilder. he needs to arrested.
F- wilder, he’s not in the same class. where’s the fury-Joshua fight???
I’m so disappointed Joe the evidence is right in between your eyes only White people are denying cheating Tyson bum fury but I really kind of knew that you were going to say that smfh
PRA CHAO SUAA - Crib Session https://youtu.be/rTZ2VgZlTjo
How bout, my opponent was the better man that night, Deontay. It's even ok to say u had a bad night. It's totally possible. It's also possible that tyson simply did all the right stuff that night in the fight. Better ways to deal with loss.
Well done Rogan
Luke the best mma media member in the game
0:32 not correct not true easily proveable........ spends the next 12minutes not proving it pffft smh #realfacts #eyewitnessreliability
Wilder lost a lot of fans and respect the way he handled that loss and carried himself. Tried to blame it on “racism” and “being poisoned” and blah blah blah. Couldn’t even take that shit like a man and show some respect to Fury, he whined and complained like a LOSER.
I literally saw "Deontay Wilder is a bum", for 10 consecutive comments lol. I've been waiting for this moment for years. Never cared for Wilder as an athlete.
"It's Your God against my god"
The loose glove debacle is 100% true
Just give it up! and take a loss as a lesson and move on
Just prior to all his documented problems didn’t Fury fail performance enhancing drugs tests?
This video is a waste of time They not even talking about Tyson fury Suspicious gloves
Tyson cheated!!! Video evidence dont lie!! And he's a known cheater
Who else thinks Mike Tyson could knock out Wilder?
The man is clearly not taking his lose well.
Glad to see more boxing conversations on JRE 👍🏼
Tyson Fury found God, and God had his back.
Excuses are made for lack of performance.  Tyson Fury was destined to win. Period
Deontay is the Hillary Clinton of boxing.  Endless excuses for a loss
The ink from Wilders tattoos weighed a lot on his body and was making him slower and was clearly the reason he lost.. looking forward the rematch after gets rid of them. Lets go champ!
My ovaries be ailin me.  - Deontay Wilder
Gypsy king #1 wilders a big dossier
Looked like his gloves were weird tho
I love these two together. Hopefully we get more of this down the road.
Ernie Shavers was astoundingly good!!!
I actually think the Fury did pull his gloves down in that fight.
I do wonder how that dent got on his head with them padded gloves. That almost never happens.
Fury beat Wilder so bady, he literally cannot mentally accept it. He will never recover from the fight and be a contender again because he will never mentally be ready again
Well the best way to finish this , they need to fight again  , Deontay vs Fury 3
Wilder is making such a fool of himself it’s insane. Someone help him. Bless it.
He’s a sore sore loser at this point.
Tyson did cheat he put a dent by   deontay forehead and the wounds and scars on his ears are not physically possible using a 10 ounce glove so he clearly cheated 💯💯💯
Glove gate
I sorta blame the WBC for Wilder not being able to accept defeat after building him up against all the journeymen he fought
Joe rogan doesn’t have any clue about boxing sorry
Wilders antics are so sad. Stay humble man...life lesson worth remembering. 👊🏼
Speaking of Ernie Shavers and the arch of the foot. I've felt that throwing a punch many times
I will tell that to a girl next time. that the condom was too heavy why i lasted only 2 monstrous minutes😜
1st fight  -I was sick which was why I came in lighter -I was too anxious  -I was too emotional -I was robbed -long count  2nd fight -40lb costume -Egg weights in gloves that dented my skull -no padding in gloves -hands lower down in the glove -major conspiracy against me -Mark Breland in a conspiracy against me, he 'was a traitor' -Spiked water, which Mark spiked  -'crab in the bucket ref' who stopped the fight ''just as I looked into [Tysons] eyes and saw he was getting fatigued" -The ref was "either drunk or a part of it" -The Fury camp came over and told Mark to stop the fight  -scratched flesh out my ears  -Tyson pushed me to the floor in the 4th it wasn't a body shot  -illegal blows -torn bicep -racism   He is an example of how low intelligence combined with yes men combined with a padded record + tonnes of cash = delusions that make Manson seem rational
To this day!!!!
Fury’s gloves is the only thing he needs to bring up
Stick to MMA guy, if you don’t know who Mark Breland is then you shouldn’t be talking about him or boxing.
You didn’t hear wilder say his suit was heavy you heard others say that  idgaf what Joe says or anyone else you can’t get bone crushing punching power over night not this late in your career now if I’m not telling the truth your an idiot
Immediately looks up earnie shavers
I wanna say something but it's only for jokes etc whatever.. ok Joe rogan vs Deontay wilder like the Mayweather Mcgregor fight just who would u put ur money on?
Deontay the twerker has been mentally broken by the gypsy king. He never wanted a rematch which is why he waited till the contract expired.
Idk I’ve seen the pictures of his punches landing and the gloves just flopping back as he’s going for hooks, it seems kinda sus. Idk if that’s normal but it certainly doesn’t look correct.
MY OPINION IS THAT RACISM IS RUNNING THE SHOW. IN WILDER SITUATION I BELIEVE HE WAS CHEATED, HOWEVER DUE TO RACISM THE TRUTH WILL RATHER BE IGNORED EVEN IF THERE IS EVIDENCE. THE SOLUTION FURY REMATCH HIM ITS SIMPLE
He would have sooo much more respect if he just said he lost fair and square to a great boxer....simple
https://m.youtube.com/watch?v=Fn71Y8sLbLA
So those videos & pictures showing the gloves looking funky were edited?
How did he dent his head again??????????
The first fight you can clearly see he was wearing the glove improperly.
All respect joe Tyson Fury has never had punching power ever. Tyson Fury is a cheat. Your fucking gloves in boxing should never flap
Nobody here seems to have ever put on a pair of fucking boxing gloves 🤔 Tons of keyboard warriors and psychologists in these comments.
This guy kinda sounds like Bert
Dillian Whyte on Alexander Povetkin: 'Yeah he knocked me out, good shit on him.' It's not that difficult to just say it as it is. People certainly respect it more
Wilder looked spaced out right at the start. I said that while watching it. Can’t believe anyone cannot see that.
What's the name of the coffee they drink? Please and thank you.
Joe Rogan Invite Wilder for a full interview...let him make his case. I think you would be surprised to hear what was claimed to be said by him and what he actually said. He is also an interesting guy outside of boxing...we love to hear you both talk about life and fighting.
Also finally admitted he was offered more money to fight Joshua, so clearly you ducked AJ then
i went straight to ernie shavers from here👍i was not disappointed.
Y'all seriously think this man had a chance at winning without cheating then you need your eyeballs checked smh.. white people would do anything that they can to claim this Victory as if they stood in the ring themselves. All of you people talking about he's a bum I guarantee you would not get in that ring and last five rounds. 42 people have tried and 42 people have lost. It is clear that the evidence that he is saying is obviously true. Nowhere in the history of boxing have you seen so many different things that proves he cheated. The rabbit punching behind the head should have got him points deducted anyways but let's not even talk about that
Fury cheated with the gloves. The other excuses from Wilder seem unjustified.
Imagine if Joshua made such excuses... They would tear him up
Ortiz has great pedigree? Who has he beat?
Wilder couldn’t ko Charlie Z 😃
Great discussion 💣
One thing I don’t agree with is how saying that Vladimir is one of the greatest ever no sir he was the best heavyweight in the weakest era of the division
I don't think any of this is real. I think they will be fighting in December and this is an agreement of how to drum up extra hype before the fight. like if you think the same
Fury is a fucking master. So skilled
AJ beats Deontae if fought
wilder is an ego maniac.
I've lost all respect for Wilder
Tyson physically educated  Wilder cant wrap his mind around it
Deontay will Rise, the powers are REAL, SUBSCRIBE ✌And Respect
We need a Rematch here in the UK, We wanna shut him up once and for all...........
Pm
Wilder = dosser
Fury took his son Wilder to the school.
lost all respect for joe smh u know he with the deep state going with the agenda>>> he clearly see the corruption but defends it......
Luke Thomas. The reason Brendan Schuab has any legs to stand on when reviewing fights lmao
Joe rogan.. stop the bull crap.. that first fight should have been over with a knockout.. that fraud is a known cheater.. I get what your trying to do. But it's all bull.. your agenda is clear.. that guy and the WBC is going to get the hell suit out of them.. GOD DON'T LIKE UGLY.. JUST WATCH...
Nonsense. Yall believe this if you want. Their pushing false narrative. They know shit was setup cause they know wilder speaks heavily on black power because the world hates anyone speaking up for what's really been going on.
How the hell do u put a dent in someone head with a glove?? How do a person has a cut inside his ear? Explain...
Tysons given him brain damaged
Fury No Fury.. Cheated.. By PalmStrikes.. To head side.. Cheated. not padded. Hides it behind a smile.   Old Chinese self defense.. Pal.strime. few. And less hurt to break ur hands fro. Attackers
Wilder was exposed and all he has left is excuses , a true sign of weakness.
I like the new set up
There is only one Tyson Fury 😎
-Costume was too heavy -Arm broken before fight -Trainer threw in the towel early -Trainer was a double agent -Trainer drugged my water -Fury tampered with gloves -Fury scratched my inner ear flesh -Fury had hidden egg weights under the gloves  Did I get it all?
The only reason wilder wanted to fight against fury is cause he thought it was going to be easy. Fury hadn't fought in a good while cause of all the shit he was going through. Then he gets destroyed twice by fury. Wilder is an embarrassment of a heavyweight champion, he never fought anybody of note till he fought fury and had no answers. 1 punch isn't enough. It even came to light a couple of days ago that he's been dodging AJ, something we've known for some time. He got offered more money to fight AJ and he turned it down to fight Fury. His own ego is that huge he will always make excuses for his loses.
the arch of the foot ...its called smoking you boots
Wilder should just come out and say it.   No way a white guy beat me.
I’m curious what the excuses are going to be when Wilder loses his next bout to Fury. Seems like he used up all of his excuses on this bout.
Egg weights are very easy to fit in gloves. Nobody has ever had a dent from boxing like that. Mauricio Sulaiman is just as dirty.
This whole podcast was just a fucking delight to listen to.
Breland should be suing the hell out of Wilder for defamation. He’s basically accusing him of attempted murder!
All they needed to was take the gloves after the fight and this would've been over with.
Beyonce Wilder sealed his fate when he made fun of Tyson Furys mental health situation during the press conference. I said it then. It was over.
Why is the set so dark!! I hate this new place.
What a douche hey joe? I have nothing for wilder anymore
He is still punch drunk from Tyson putting a beating on him 😂
Why does this dude sound like a smart burt though please tell me I'm not crazy.
Wilder is going to beat all these fighters and shut all you casuals down.
Close your eyes and listen, it’s Bert Kreischer
Joe get your facts right.
Some many ads, shameless
Wilder is not a skilled boxer at all
Joe knows hes staff wilder a bith we from south Africa love fury and corner
the funniest thing about the 40lb costume is that on Joe's podcast Deontay Wilder said he trains with a 40lb weight vest agreed!
I thought that was an outfit for the masked singer lol
100 percent
Wilder, if assholes had excuses....oh wait
Deontay is a sore loser  one dimensional fighter
Look up Young Pharoah regarding this matter.  A lot of documented proof of the gloves, cheating tactics with coaches, and who brought Tyson back to the sport of boxing.  I  respect Joe, I also expect him to search and seek the truth and speak then.
The fight was the biggest joke ever 🤣
He needs a PR manager
Objectively speaking out of respect for what you do in media.  Joe you stated the glove excuse was easily provable.. I was waiting for the proof...........
Wilder has made an absolute fool of himself since the last fight. A total narcissist egomaniac who can't see beyond his own hype. Also, his constant attempts to racialize the rivalry with Fury were just pathetic.  Fury, on the other hand, is a rare example of a fighting champion who actually stands for something more than just his own aggrandizement, and despite being an incredible boxer, still retains the humility and humanity to make himself relatable.
Mental health is a serious thing all them hits to the head have got to him he needs help
Haha you say it's easily provable that Fury didn't cheat but why has not one soul been able to disprove it? If that's all you have, your words to "disprove" a mountain of evidence, you are living on cloud 9.   How does your gloves flap back at those impossible angles if your hand is all the way in the glove?   How do you leave a dent in a fighters skull with PADDED GLOVES? It's never been done before and the fighter who's known for not having power is the first to do it? 🙄  Why did Fury's team cover the cameras in his changing room before the fight and why did the WBC president get caught lying to defend Fury?   *FURY HAS ALREADY BEEN CAUGHT RED HANDED WITH TAMPERED GLOVES AGAINST AGAINST CHRISTIAN HAMMER BUT OF COURSE YOU DICK SUCKERS AVOID THAT DISCUSSION*  *He has also tested positive for steroids in February 2015 and received a backdated ban for it*   *You fanboys are deluded, without cheating Fury could never beat Wilder*   *The guy is lucky he didn't get stopped by an unknown Otto Wallin ffs* 🤣🤣
If you are coming up with shit like this it's time to stop fighting he does not have the mind for it.
People saying Wilder has ‘unnatural’ power in his right hand. He literally does - it’s called  metal! It’s fairly well-known that he had his right hand rebuilt with metal rods. Look up the videos.
When you’ve grown up  in a society that allows you to make excuses and blame others for your own failure...
Smoke weed every day
Then could someone please explain what caused his gloves to flop like that when he hits wilder.
This guy who he is with is not a great speaker for boxing. He keeps getting the fights wrong apart from the wilder fight
rich black boxer back at it again........ Whining bitching and crying over a loss..  remember the quote "for 400 years" 😂😂😂
Is he a sore loser or being truthful?
Boring
I don’t really know what wilder’s training was but his endurance in the 2nd fight makes me think he underestimated Tyson the first time because Tyson wasn’t in shape at the time and went softer with his trainer as a result he wasn’t prepared for Tyson in the 2nd and got dominated. It reminds me of a more extreme mike tyson vs buster Douglas fight.
So how’s Tysons glove so floppy and how the hell did he find all that power to dent his head in the 2nd fight but couldn’t hurt him in the 1st fight?
Yeah Wilder’s being a sore loser but if you watch the video of Tyson’s glove, there is actually something there. Tyson caught him with his fist near behind the wrist padding multiple times. He just let his glove slip far up his hand and curled his fist around the leather near the wrist. Cheap shit. Still won the fight, though.
The great Lennox Lewis arguably had/has the hardest right hand in the heavyweight division.
No body who sees those gloves can say they were not messed with
The “roof of your foot”, is your instep, not your arch.
Joe didn't give him enough elk meat
Joe Rogan likes Fury so he does no real research and says Fury is great. Joe is starting to get real bias in his breakdowns
Gloves looked funny to me keeping it 💯 wilder didn’t fight well n looked bad but If we keepin it real the gloves didn’t look right
Deontay “The Masked singer” wilder
Wait did they speak on those tampered looking gloves within fury’s knuckles poking out?? They spent 20 mins talking about nothing
Wilder has more than 3 excuses
Wilder turned his self into a fuckin joke. I dont see how he is going to get another fight after all this bullshit, what fighter would want to fight a guy who is going to say all this outlandish shit if you win.
It was very obvious what happened to Wilder. He was hung over. That man walked in the ring looking like he just clocked into work at 8am on New Years Day. He thought the fight would be easy, partied the night before. Got in the ring hung over. And turned out Tyson Fury was trying to take his head off. He cant admit that he was hung over , so he is making up excuses.
Bum squad
Y’all just on Tyson fury’s 🥜 lol
Man joe you koo as hell but your wrong about this one how can you not see his gloves is flopping you to real for this
I'm very disappointed with this. I have always been a fan of DW, but he needs to own up, move on and get to work. Styles make fights. How is DW going to evolve? If he doesn't change his style he is going to get wrecked again.
He never said his suit was too heavy and that’s why he loss he said he felt like his water was spiked and his suit felt heavier than usual the media took that and ran with it.... and someone please explain to me how do boxing gloves bend 90 degrees backwards after throwing a punch if your hand is secured all the way in the glove? Regardless of what you think of wilders boxing skills the fact is there was something wrong with fury’s gloves  When wilder fights fury again because he will get a 3rd fight it’s only right wilder is 0-1-1 against fury.... wilder is going to knock fury tf out in the 3rd fight
Fury knocked him so far into the future he's still out of phase
Deontay " there is a dent on my head " wilder
Everyone: how long you going to keep making excuses about losing to Fury?   Wilder: TILL THIS DAY!!!
This dude hits so hard I felt it in my foot!!
Fight a bear
Before y'all crucify Deontay, check the IG post. Clearly Tyson Fury Glove is loose, it's wild. I'd love to say he's being ignorant, but dude you can't deny his post just watch it. It's wild
So let me get this straight... Wilder fired the trainer who threw the towel in while he was getting beat with an egg weighted glove? Mark Breeland should have a street named after him for saving him
I’ve been waiting for this podcast for a long time
Wilder needs to accept he got smacked hes just making it more embarrassing for himself we would all accept that he lost but him making excuses on how he lost is making me not support him anymore
Idk why Wilder can’t just take that L like a man
WILDER LAST EXCUSE HAS BEEN PROVEN
Maybe it's a excuse whatever but can somebody explain your wrist bending at a 40 degree angle in gloves ? Explain that.
What if Wilder is right tho????
Looks like the biggest men have the softest egos
Easily provable ...lmao. #GloveGate
Tyson fury's gloves bent at a 90 degrees ..
Regarding the 'spiked water" accusation..   surely both fighters would have been tested before or after the fight right? I thought that was kind of standard these days isnt it?   So had his water been spiked then surely something abnormal would have appeared in his system when tested?   Either way.. this guys level of responsibility keeps hitting new lows
The tape does show funny things with the glove and Tyson fury has a history of funny things in fights. But because people don’t understand boxing 🥊 they’re gonna defend the bs. I will say this though all top level guys do some funny shit and if they can get away with it then more power to them.
100% right joe. fury is the better man
Lost a lot of respect for deontay since that fight. He speaks so fucking highly of himself and his pride and his shield and being a warrior. Yet mans is still making excuses for his sound defeat.
Luis Ortiz ain't better than Stiverne, guess why he's never fought anybody apart from Wildy Wildy
So next is gonna have something to do with the aerodynamics
Let's be honest and not biased.  Boxing is not a clean sport and cheating is a part of the sport.  Margarito and the WBC proved this long ago.  The images and video of Fury's right glove and the damage to Wilder's left ear and head is obvious.  I want a clean third fight and the outcome doesn't matter.
I used to be a huge fan of wilder, the dude was so entertaining and was actually a role model, but after these bs pussy excuses wilder showed his true colours. Pretty sad tbh, if he just took the lost with respect he still would’ve kept most of his respect intact.
He started boxing later in life than most. He will probably never be able to catch up. Quit making excuses accept that you took God given talent to become champ. Or take off and learn technique.
The real thing that tyson did, was fight dirty. Im not down playing his win, he took the fight to fury, outboxed him a few diferent ways, but your lying to yourself if you dont admit he grabbed a little to much in that fight
The evidence is out there...just watch the videos. Fury cheated no doubt.
Joe are you running out of people to interview of all people you have Luke wtf ?
How is it coming up on 9 months since this fight and Wilder & fans are still not able to accept the fact that he lost? It's not even funny anymore, it's just sad.
Wilders got CTE. Don't judge the poor guy folks. People with crazy brain trauma say crazy, stupid shit.
Breland needs to sue Wilder for defaming his character.
Luke Thomas is the worst
JOSIAS GOMES - The Dark Lion PT.1 https://youtu.be/Bp7RS8qREuo
Wilder is truly classless.  Take the L, come back and beat him!  That's what we want to see, how you respond, not give another excuse.
physically strong but mentally weak, how the hell you won so much fight but can't fathom losing one? deontay is the classic case of a fully grown boy even when pushing 40, just cannot transition into a man psychologically and understand the reality of life that you will lose and you will win at time and you have lost, move on!. mike tyson at some point had to accept getting his ass beat by holyfield and lewis, that is what a grown man does, accept his loss and keep it pushing.
physically strong but mentally weak, how the hell you won so much fight but can't fathom losing one? deontay is the classic case of a fully grown boy even when pushing 40, just cannot transition into a man psychologically and understand the reality of life that you will lose and you will win at time and you have lost, move on!. mike tyson at some point had to accept getting his ass beat by holyfield and lewis, that is what a grown man does, accept his loss and keep it pushing.
He never said that the costume had anything to do with anything!!!!  See Deonte is only talking to Black Media...He isn’t talking to WHITE MEDIA...Because they are liars...  I honestly poppin in on this and you come on here and you’re acting like you don’t see the gloves  deflated...You JOE ROGAN didn’t see the dent in Deonte’ dent in his head...You didn’t see the flapping gloves? You didn’t see the torn flesh from his ear...  We also find out that TYSON FURY’S MANAGER IS A FUCKING MOB BOSS!!!    Get the fuck outta here...FUCK YOU JOE ROGAN...YOU ARE THE BITCH I THOUGHT YOU WERE...
Wilders right is over rated....knocked out crusierweights for like 35 fights....
Compare Fury’s hand and gloves on the Wilder fight to his other fights!
Deontay wilder sounds like Hillary Clinton since 2016
Lets not forget Fury has a history of cheating. Ive been saying since the fight Tyson’s hand looked awkward I’ve never seen gloves flopping like that. I wanted Fury to win but that was fishy.
Tyson was tampering with the gloves
Just an FYI new zealand isn’t a “little tiny island” it’s two fucking huge islands, even the smaller of the two is bigger than all other islands in the pacific (excluding Japan) combined.
tyson fury cheated you know it ......smh you suck deontay is the GOAT punk ass cheated that blackman he is the best
Fury fan here but the video I’ve seen shows that his fists were balled up in the wrist of the glove. How has this been debunked? It looked blatant to me.
Clown's....
The problem with Wilder is that he relied SO much on that power in his right hand that when someone took one to the chin and punched him right back he didnt like it at all. Fury actually knows how to BOX and understands that Wilder without that KO blow is just another guy in the ring. Take the L and Learn from it and get your titles back. Thats what CHAMPIONS do
Wilder is a stuped bum with one shot (right hand) and nothing else
Tyson Furry has always been a cheater.
Wilder saying his trainer poisoned  his water, someone had a vid on intelligent boxers, one clip was were Fury took a bottle of water from old fish eyed Frank and ask him where you get that from.Frank pointed to someone and Tyson was like na. The last time I heard poisoning used as a excuse was when Spurs blame lasagna.
You can see fury’s floppy glove multiple times... it shouldn’t just be dismissed
He was probably poisoned by the same guy who got Nate Diaz!
What a good fight that was, Wilder’s only grievance should have been that Fury laid on him for most of the fight.
It would be great to have Max Kellerman as a guest although I doubt ESPN would allow it.
All you see the facts he’s a known cheater and just because he’s on the hope list  you choose to ignore .Fake ass news 📰 we will see the truth always prevail.This shit is bad for the sport, tell him  just take the fight.
I've always loved fainting with just eyes looking down then cracking up quick as fuck
They just nailed it in this segment, Wilder has too many YAAAAS men in his corner and just needs a whole new team. And I'm saying this as a Wilder fan.
https://youtu.be/OM4uF0AQig4 Voter fraud in Arizona , PLZ SHARE SO ROGAN CAN SEE AND MAKE IT KNOWN
the bottom line is, deontay is a one-trick pony with a big right and that's it, he got exposed by a better fighter and no amount of excuses will change that.
Joe “he’s masterful” Rogan
https://youtu.be/OM4uF0AQig4
Black people and the excuses they come up with 😩
This guy is the biggest joker in all of comeback sports. Not even in my top 5 heavyweight fighters.
Wonder what all the me cant take a loss wilder fan are saying now he has openly admitted that he ducked aj have got to say now what excuses have they got now 🤔 🙄
Man, i completely dont like Wilder and i dont think he is a good boxer. He is just powerful. Having said that... ive never seen a boxing glove do what Furys gloves were doing in the ring. They were floppin around. Very strange.
0:30 easily provable joe?   https://youtu.be/6CZqV2uLrrA
Y’all can say whatever y’all want but gloves don’t bend the way fury’s was bending. Y’all are in denial
Deontay wilder is a loser!! The guys an idiot - probably on drugs. Can't handle losing
Milder is a Low IQ non boxing never was. Period.
Who is this douchebag? Armchair quarterback
Deontay never said an excuse Joe "A bunch of people saying" isn't Deontay saying it
Fury beat him good.
#LOL
I’m sure this has been sent already but I’m a say it again anyways Diante Wilder thought he was poison they would’ve done a blood panel on him immediately. You know when your boys and you would’ve asked for that you would’ve said something wasn’t right with my body I felt dizzy or something. No proof the back any of this shit up
There's a comment under one of the clips  of Wilder losing the match where the guy states Wilder lost because of his eyesight being affected by the red lights. An excuse even Wilder didn't come up with.
It is EXTREMELY SIMPLE once you stop and think about it slowly for just a second.  Everyone and I mean EVERYFUCKINONE touted Wilder's almost meteoric rise to the top from literally having not only no real boxing maturation, but in general, he had not had much of any dedicated, intensive goal oriented, competitve level mentality that one get they begin a sport at a young age and are raised in the culture of true sportsmanship.   OBVIOUSLY there are irregular instances, but in general, most high tier athletes in all professional sports understand how to take a loss on the chin. Even the ones who professionally are unaccustomed to losing. Because they have absolutely and undoubtedly been humbled hundreds of times in their ascension to the top.  Wilder was and always will be a miraculous artifact of an instance where someone who was honestly not all that skilled, was able to, through pure brute force, size, and honestly probably sheer manic determination because of his daughter's condition, somehow manage to become a champion in a sport that is very much old.  If it were MMA a decade ago, his case maybe would have been less ridiculous, but boxing being so well understood.... It just made no sense.   So ironically it makes all sense that someone who should maybe never have been where he was, has a while bunch of nonsense to explain why he lost
Sore loser that’s all there is to it just like somebody else we know in this country LOL
He had a fight bfor the first wilder fight. Was he depressed then also lol
For sure Otto Wallin had some knives or egg weights in his globes as well. Dud you the cut on Furys eye? Just like Deontae ear. Bravo Deontae, what a total moron!
It was the chem-trails 🤪🤣
At the time he made the statement about the costume and stuff I mean be for real is 40 lb but he didn't know anything about the glove Scandal until weeks later just because he didn't open his mouth about it doesn't mean he didn't know now he's letting the world really know what a fraud Tyson Fury really is I mean come on you white people are something else
Lmao wilder is a sore loser all heavyweight belts in 🇬🇧🇬🇧🇬🇧 💪
They love and need a great White hope so bad that they’ll lie for the fighter .... those gloves were rigged and he lost that first fight 12 second count GTFOH JOE “closet racist” ROGAN
This guy came up with bullshit excuses for his lost than anyone ever 🤦‍♂️ he got battered ! Fury destroyed him
Bad loser simple as that and after all his nonsense I hope he doesn't get another chance at Tyson Fury, he has had 2 opportunities and he'd have to beat one of the other contenders before he deserves another go ✌️
Wilder you are a f@cking disgrace to yourself, your team and your sport 🙄
for all those who are saying wilder is making excuses, why wont fury give him a rematch? wilder gave fury a rematch! i honestly think fury will win again but we all know a 3rd match has to happen. stop running fury!
Joe shut up bro you were on his nuts not too long ago now you're a Fury fan turn coat American fans.
To this day, he's still making excuses...
Get eddie hearn on this podcast
this is the twlight zone i really dont want to see wilder fight fury anymore .. its turn in to something else .. ive only seen republican backed news make fun of him .. ive never seen anyone make fun of someone with a cracked skull .
fuck it man fury didnt cheat and wilder lost fair and square ... theres more videos of people making a mackory out of him then people considering anything ... all gloves are fair ..we will ignore furys previous glove incidents and suspensions just shut up wilder .. you lost ... i get it
What an entertaining clip!
I don't believe the poison but what about the floppy ass f****** gloves and why can you see his knuckles threw them
There’s literally a dent In Wilder face 😂smfh at you people. Tyson fury is a cheat and this ain’t the first time either.
Wow so many haters in this world look when all the truth will come out people go on like Tyson Fury had never cheated in his life and boxing is corrupt because it is Deontay Wilder standing up to the truth so many people hate him this right here is ruining boxing Bomb Squad the face of Boxing has returned till this day
Wilder is a bum
Let's be honest, Tyson won the first fight.
Why are we going against the American fighter??? Could it be race??
Wilder's the Trump of boxing
Wilder had a career of handpicked opponents.  He only fought two decent opponents ever, Ortiz, and Fury.  If he had fought opponents like AJ, Fury, or other European fighters he would have multiple losses.
I hope Deontay saved some money
Poor sportsman ship,that guy should be thrown out of fighting not excepting a loss like a man
He cheated dam 🤫
Holding 40lbs of weight should be nothing to an athlete in their prime
40lbs suit😂😂😂😂 I walk 20km a day with a 50lbs douffle bag, feel zero fatigue from it lol also been doing this daily 2 years now but still I'm 160lbs , Wilder is 200lbs plus so what's 40lbs for 5 minutes 😂😂😂😂 Try 50lbs For Hours A Day Wilder😂
The real reason he lost the fight its because he sneezed 3 times before entering the ring! Thats it!
Must be an Egytian armor.... denial, the Nile.
The is exactly the mindset you see in these communities all across the country. Play victim. Take no personal accountability, and make excuses...
Morning kombat got 200 subs overnight 😆
Still only one tool. Soooo add tools to your boxing arsenal.
I pray whosoever Rondom person read this become successful And Achieve Everything❤️❤️
Wilder refusing to admit a honest lost is the most childish shit ever where’s the respect!
Tyson Fury's gloves were either messed with or too big for Fury's hands, what boxer hits other boxers with the inside of the hand? You can see it in slow mo video if the fight
Bro it was something wrong with the glove is people blind or what
40lbs is slightly under 20kilos,   I walk 100 yards with 2 x 20kilo dumb bells and turn and come back, do that 3 times then start my leg workout,  wilder is a pussy cry baby
Never been a fan of Wilder's boxing. It's just ugly. And making exuses is just embarrassing.
Some of the best fighter's have come out of America, Wilder, is damaging that image, he's become an embarrassment
Question? Joe Rogan and your followers, DID FURY CHEAT OR NOT??????
Wilder lost so many fans by acting like this. Why didn't he just accepted the loss and having a Rocky moment but noooo he freaking started making excuses. So disappointed 🥺🥺🥺
Wilder Vs Fury III shouldn't happen. Fury already proved he is superior, so there is nothing interesting about the matchup.
Romans 3:23 states: "For all have sinned, and come short of the glory of God;". We are all sinners, that have committed at least one sin in our lives, which earns us an eternal punishment in Hell. Revelation states 21:8 "But the fearful, and unbelieving, and the abominable, and murderers, and whoremongers, and sorcerers, and idolaters, and all liars, shall have their part in the lake which burneth with fire and brimstone: which is the second death.". God sent his Son, Jesus, to Earth as a perfect sinless sacrifice. To take on all the sins of the world; both past, present, and future sins. Shedding his blood on the cross as a blood atonement for all sins. After dying on the cross, he rose from the dead on the 3rd day and rose to Heaven. To show life after death. To show everlasting life through Jesus's sacrifice. John 14:6 states: "Jesus saith unto him, I am the way, the truth, and the life: no man cometh unto the Father, but by me.". Romans 10:13 states "For whosoever shall call upon the name of the Lord shall be saved.".      Eternal life in heaven is just one prayer away. All you have to do is believe that Jesus Christ, the Son of God, died on the cross for your sins. As an atonement for your sins. And rose from the grave on the 3rd day. Ask Jesus to save you of your sins and give you eternal life in Heaven. Salvation is a free and everlasting gift from God. Please don't let pride drag you into eternal punishment in Hell, but ask Jesus to give you eternal life in Heaven. If you're getting a strong feeling of resistance while reading this, it's because Satan doesn't want you to get saved. He wants you to resist, and think it's not real. He wants you in Hell for all eternity with him. Hell is not a fun place, like worldly people like to imagine. It's everlasting torture with no relief. I'm only taking the time to text this, because I want to get the message out. There are so many distractions in life keeping people from witnessing to other people. Keeping people from thinking about salvation. Keeping you from thinking about life after death. Please, ask Jesus into your hearts to save you of your sins and cleanse you from all unrighteous. Ask him for a place in Heaven, and he will save you from eternal damnation in Hell.
Ou Ik fury fans was gonna be all over this comments but in other comments with proof and evidence y’all ain’t saying none lol I ain’t s boxing fan but this shit interesting
Nobody can just lose with grace anymore in anything.
Great to see big Luke on the show!
In the wise words of John Fury.😊 "Deontay  *was* better in the 2nd in fight. Then he was in the first....It's just my son was even  better then him".😜
Wilder lost. Tyson won. Wilder has a thin skin. Tyson is the real deal. Wilder lost. Tyson is the winner. This whole thing is pathetic...Mr. Wilder, you lost to a man who is massively more talented.  Tyson is the real deal. Wilder has limited skills. Mr Wilder is such a great man, but Tyson is a better boxer. Mr. Wilder is a lovely guy; i really like Mr.Wilder, but Mr. Wilder got beaten by a boxer who is much better than Mr. Wilder. It is so obvious. Love to both men... amazing people.
I wishing for your channal growup and you ar so awesome 😍god bless you 💙
Rose like Lazarus 🤣
Deontay Wilder excuse no.7 : my daughter was born with a birth defect.
It is crazy how many Dcaf's are in here.  People have seen the gloves but yet turn a blind eye to the fact that they have been tampered with.😒   I can't wait till the rematch when wilder completely destroys that cheating ass wanker.😎
I’m not making any excuses, etc etc, but, this and that, and this, and also aliens
Y everyone keep talking about his wilder costume he’s never even said that
Next excuse: I took an arrow to the knee.
👋👋
Everyone is a gamer until the real gamer arrives it's not about winning it's all about the fun https://youtu.be/Vi4PX5CdSs0
Deontay Wilder has no class. He has ruined his legacy and brings shame on the sport. Why can't he just shut his mouth, take the defeats we all know he took and if he wants to, try to come back better against Tyson. All these pathetic excuses are totally demeaning. He's making himself look even more of an idiot which each new one.
The thing about gypsy's over here is the minute you've knocked them out you're fucked they are getting up more pissed off then before they went down and they will destroy you 🤣🤣
If you read his comments about his supposedly tampered water everything he says from his legs feeling weak, something being off and this impending sense of doom.. it all sounds exactly like someone crumbling under the pressure. The experience he was having was fear.  Whether it was of Tyson or just the weight and importance of the moment; it honestly just sounds like he cracked and it's not something he has ever felt before. If he really was offered to fight AJ and took Tyson the first time it's because he thought Tyson was the easier night out, but after sharing the ring with him once and knowing he'd be much better the second time? He seems to have perhaps even on a subconscious level understood his fate.
Tyson Fury BEAT Deontay Wilder's ASS. Period!
I hope wilder gets rocked again
We love Deontay Wilder - interesting guy, doting family man, prodigious right hand, and we love the Bronze Bomber - brash, tonnes of swagger, box office. It's when the two cross over and the Bomber creeps into Deontay when it gets a bit unsavoury. Unfortunately, its the Bomber who makes the money, and he needs to stay relevant.
Prime lennox lewis would've absolutely killed these modern heavyweight bums of boxing
Wilder ear was bleeding and he wasn't doing a job..... If the trainer didn't pull him out it would have been in the news
Men are not meant to be humble men are meant to be humbled- Mike tyson      You know what to do with wilder if you want him to be humble
Just watched an earnie shavers highlights and yea that man can box and PUNCH. Never seen Ali on the back foot like that
This is why wilder won’t accept it ! You are still saying wilder the best ! People wake up he has literally no boxed any one !!! Wilders claim to fame is beating old man Ortiz , who has won absolutely nothing !! Get a grip wilder is this delusional because of bull shit analyst like this !
Wonder what winders dads excuse was when he popped out. It wasn't me?
So with all his accusations who else is now wondering if he cheated himself in some of his fights?
Oh come on guys wilder has fought no one except fury,  he cherry picked fighters his whole career one belt in how many years ducked all the top ten , wilder is the biggest fraud heavyweight ever that's a fact , and now he's making boxing look bad,  he's a embarrassrent.
Luke Thomas is a bit of a cornball man
carry a 45. u'll walk around with that confidence.
Fury terrified Wilder proper good. Wilder is still a mess because of it.
I think Fury cheated.  He's tampered with gloves before.
They should have let him get KTFO!! And then he couldn't say anything!
this is why the social media world is bad for us - it deludes everybody - it gives the thickest people a voice - unfortunately people listen to anyone's voice that makes them sound good
I think the problem is the way wilder came into the fight, he made himself seem invincible, focused too much on power, made it a racial thing, and as a result he couldn’t hand the weight of all that mental pressure.
I would like a view point after investigating the accusations first not just opinions. Pull up the videos get in depth with explaining.
Please get Dr Peter Duesberg on the show with someone who is willing to debate him. Thank you!
Wilder is circling the drain with all the excuses. I'm sure there will be even more to come.
This is what happens when u fight bums all your life then get beat so bad, u just can't believe it
Wilders karma has come back to hit him.. all the big talk was not enough for him to stand up to a boxer like fury.  Fighting easy dudes and taking a while to get that knock out punch ain’t gonna fly against boxers like fury, Joshua, Klitschko. Don’t make excuses, get back up and come back better
Got his head boxed in by a pair of feather dusters the big dosser
Do you realize the will power to come back from the pits of mental hell ! He already won the toughest fight of his life . Wilder was a cake walk compared 👊
He was just outclassed! Wilder only had a punchers chance!
40 seconds into it and Joe Rogan's bias shows through. I've seen videos of Tyson's floppy gloves and him rabbit punching Wilder. Can't watch this cheating Fury excuse video...
FUEY CLEARLY CHEATED AND THE ORGANIZATIONS KNEW ABOUT IT
3rd fight let deontays yes men carry him to fury room to personally wrap his hands then carry him to the ring.. so no excuse this time..
For Joe to sit there and say utterly dominant and owning a killer right hand!!..... against who??? Listen and listen good when heavyweight boxing history is looked over at the top of the list for manufactured and fake hype champions wilders name will sit on the top!! 41 fights and only 2 names ranked inside the top 15!! The USA waited over a decade for the klitschko grip to loosen (thats another name wilder ran from by the way) by then they could stand it no longer and fed this bum no ones!! His greatest achievement is a fat over the hill Ortiz and what did he achieve?? A silver medal and 2 failed title fights!! Whats worse is wilders title fight win was for a vacant belt against an UNRANKED Opponent!! Almost all of wilders Opponents were either unranked or outside the top 100!! So ease the hype train bull and start calling it how it is!! Best right hands ever?? You should be ashamed saying such a ridiculous statement!! Infact go give yourself a slap in the mirror!!
Nice break down Rogan , wilders a bum
It’s so bad how wilder destroyed , whatever he builds , so much bullshit excuses
has the tyson fury glove accusation been proven false cuz i didn’t believe it til i saw  a vid of the glove flapping mid punch now i dont know?
This needs to be a regular channel, Bravo
A draw where he won every minute minus those knockdowns lol
Wilder can't fight fury can end of discussion
To this day!!!!! Wilder got his Azz whipped.
This podcast made me like Luke abit. On his own channel his always complaining tho lol
When a FRAUD GETS EXPOSED, the fall will be so great...
The first fight was only a draw because Fury got robbed.
Wilders & his supporters are such a ultimate sore losers who can only whine, complains, & in total denials, blaming everybody except himself & his own poor decisions.
He’s gonna blame systematic racism next.
Joe and deontay wilder are fucking delusional
Tyson did in fact have his fist in the wrist section of the glove, which caused his glove to rotate to a 90° angle....
not like a black american to play the victim.
For the AJ fanboys on here , Anthony Joshua is a dirty racist
People hate Wilder because he's black and Fury is white. Merica is the place where we ignore facts when it benefits coloreds.
Even if we assume that the costume drained him, who’s fault is that?
Deontay Wilder's new book "101 excuses of boxing"
AJ never made one excuse after Ruiz battered him.there were rumours he was knocked out in sparring and a host of other rumours leading up to the fight but we never heard ONE excuse from AJ.He said the better man won and lets go again.compare that with Wilder and it's night and day.
Spelled man wrong wouldn’t let me fix it probably the white man stopping me😂😂😂😂
Am I tripping or does Joe think its Egg Weights. Its egg whites joe
Luke Thomas did a great analysis on the Fury vs Wilder 2 fight, must I say I enjoyed it.
Pure denial
Fury clearly cheated all the main stream channels go on fury side they didn't even talk about the dent in his head and much more I like Rogan but they was wrong simple his suit and coach situation I dont know
Imagine big John fury on this podcast!!!
Wilder said after the fight no excuses then has not stopped making excuses since he should have the rematch clause revoked because of his disrespect and poor sportsmanship
If you close your eyes and listen, this guy sounds just like Bert Kreischer
Watch the fight again joe , I think Deontae has something with the gloves !! Brand new gloves cannot dent someone’s skull
Deontay should be happy he got this far while having the boxing technique of a 11 year old. Power and athleticism can only get you so far.
He used gloves with shitty padding... the commission should choose what gloves not the fighter.
Next excuse for Deontay: My water broke.
Wonder what wilders fans have to say about all this
Joe I'm disappointed, clearly you should look at more videos on Tyson's gloves, and Tyson's sparring partner even came out and said he used unpadded gloves for their sessions
Tyson fury is a fucking legend. I will support him untill the day I die... Not only is he an awesome boxer, he has faced so much and come through the other side... And brings attention to mental health and tries to help. Fucking legend
Wilder gives me second hand embarrassment every time he talks.
Fury’s gloves were tampered with for sure now ik y his gloves looked loosy goosy in the rest of his fights
Wilder got exposed for a one hit thug!! Join aunt quifa next wilder.. They love excuses.
How does 6’9 furry fit in a Ferrari?
Wilder is the most deluded unlikeable character is boxing. Wilder got exposed and it was always going to happen. His record is more padded than a teenage girls bra.
7:56 Brock Lesnar is the perfect example. Huge asf but doesn't have KO Power.
So we just gonna ignore the fact that Fury got banned for performance enhancing drugs (caught cheating) in 2015, which voided the rematch against Vladimir Klitschko. Okay 👌
That dude said it 100% right. Deontay has "YES MEN" surrounding him.
You know what's crazy, i still don't believe Tyson is at his very peak/best. In my opinion Deontay is 0-2 against Tyson.
Great episode great guest 🔥
it sucks he cant just own up to it
Yikes!
Wilder is a “Big P*ssy Loud Mouth”
I don’t get it, you win some lose some move on and be better and be glad it was Tyson fury and not some bum, jeez ego these days.🙄
its a trip how people will buy into that fake ass win just to see a brotha loose show the fuckin highlites it dodnt look good at all
joe bullshit u saw the fightn you knowboxing it look like bullshit pleasse fight him again then
Wilder huge but fragile ego, is one of the main reasons he cant accept his loss to Fury, but I think smoking dope is making it much worse for him. He now has strange paranoia and screamed his delusions out to the world..Im not sure how he can ever come back from this. He will blame Fury for it all regardless of when he retires
When you strive to be the best you never wanna lose and think someone’s better
Wilders just sad cus he lost to a white man. He feels racially unjust. It's pathetic.
Fury is in an entirely different skill level than Wilder and Wilder just can't admit it. Fury out classes Wilder in every way, he's bigger, stronger, smarter and more skilled the only way Wilder could ever beat Fury is if Wilder lands a lucky punch.
CTE is real. Tyson gave your boy wilder, serious trauma.
Fury Knocked his last bit of sanity out of his head
Finally!! Boxing clips!!!!
I seen a video where his gloves weren't on all the way and Fury was throwing slap shots, didn't punch straight ahead because his gloves weren't on all the way.
Deontay is a sore loser. Simple.
Wilder got more excuses than Hillary in 2016, and Biden in 2020.
Wilder has just come out of a halfway home quick get the straight jacket on him, he's forgotten his MED's😂https://youtu.be/bEuD-WsQN_c
Damn you guys really hate Wilder...this almost felt like you guys were trolling... 😂😂🖕🖕
Wilder looking soft out here! Shuda humbled himself and stfu!
Floppy gloves are normal?? Hell naw that aint normal.. That penis envy shit make you delusional... Tyson fury learning skull crushing power in his 30s.. Already got caught doping and playing with gloves.. Yall need 2 explain away reality a lil better than this..
Why are guys just categorically discrediting Wilders concerns? He clearly looked off. The videos online show Fury’s glove loose. It shows the outline of his hand. It’s unusual. What if Fury did cheat?
All these boxing heavyweight champs with their bling and flashy lifestyle. Then you look at UFC heavyweight champ Stipe Miocic who makes millions yet works as a professional fire fighter !!
Wilder is setting this up for a knockout watch I said it 😂
Joe, why not interview Sammy the bull? .great show
Captains log: 1600: hours get advised to smoke some weed and watch earny shavers 1601 reach for weed and smoke bong 1601: smoke 2nd cone 1602: smoke 3rd cone 1603: type in earny shavers into youtube 1604: chillin on the tube and lovin it😎
Joe "find the one where he's got no shirt on" Rogan
Deontay is taking this loss worse than Paulo Costa losing to Adesanya, LOL.
This just in... Deontay Wilder claims Tyson fury sabotaged the stool he was using between rounds.
LISTEN WHITE PEOPLE!!!🙄 1. Those gloves were DEFINITELY wrinkley. 2. Those gloves DEFINITELY bent 90degree 3. Dent in ur head CANNOT come of pad gloves.  Another thing I want to address..Yes Fury is white but he's British!! Boxing needs to be NATIONAL and not RACIAL.  Anthony Joshua vs American (white) I'm bias to USA all day baybee!! Even AJ offered to help Tyson Fury beat Wilder. Nationalism .....fk race! All of my white Americans..I'm cheering you ANY and EVERY time you face ANYONE outside these borders bruh! (Is Puerto Rico and Virgin Islands and Hawaii technically Americans being they dont consider themselves?)
Wilder is sad af
Beyonce Wilder and his excuses
If u had egg weights in your glove wouldnt that hurt tf out of your hand if u hit somebody?
🔥
So what. That's what wilder's saying wilder's call himself king just like fury does people break the laws every day so they break the law in boxing who cares people talking like the boxing laws  that can easily be broken you see after the fight wilder's parm is not wrapped how I haven't seen that before wilder's face looks like he did 12 rounds Klitschko couldn't touch fury for 12 rounds with out touching him once but wilder's got no boxing basics but KOs fury twice that  don't make sense cos wilder's got no boxing basics
Bruh got CTE from that beating I don’t blame him for being crazy
It's a shame that subconsciously you guys don't know that you're race-baiting and going for your race. I find it hilarious I thought Joe was different at least give it some question or thought like you go in deep with everybody else go to @ahki tv
not sure if these stories are true or just rumors. but if its true, then its really embarassing.
Rose like Lazerus!! Haha
TK Kirkland -I told Fury to fight aggressive in the second fight
Joe please quit acting like you do not understand the way boxing gloves go on this is hilarious you seen that and I am a fan of yours especially of your truth. Stop with the shenanigansq
That is such a gay outfit to wear in any circumstance, let alone before a fight.
Wilder: I would of won but I had 40lbs of delusion on my shldrs. And Tyson fury cheated and ate Popeye the sailor man, now he hits hard like fred Flintstone w his club!...  World: surprised picachu face...
Be real everybody, when has Tyson Fury ever done the kind of damage he did to Wilder in any other match?
Joe brings up a good point (actually brought up by the great RJ Jr.). If Wilder had an educated left hand ala a Tommy Hearns a lot of his issues in the ring would disappear. Forget the feints. Forget the awkward as hell footwork. If Wilder had a left hand that actually GOT WORK DONE he’d be so f’ing dangerous.
Alright Joe. There was a dent in his head they said was from a blunt object. His legs looked wobbly from the first bell. You don’t just develop fight stopping power in one year.
He made that his identity, and when he lost that title his mind literally couldn't process it as possible, that there had to be an outside factor that caused it. You see it all the time when people go through divorces. They can't process this part of themselves will be gone and have to find the reason and almost always blame the other person, then they either miserably move on, or kill the partner and themselves or just their self. Sad man, those people are never the same after. Praying for Deontay, that's a tough spot, gotta be tougher tho. The idea of the fall hurts worse than the ground actually does
https://youtu.be/EhchGq8gzvo
Whoa what's with that set where are they? Makes me feel uncomfortable watching this
Seeing all this happen with Deontay really does hurt. I really did look up to him, and to see him handle a loss so poorly hurts me. But the man is still fairly young, I’m really hoping he changes his bad attitude and is able to come back
D stop talking and go
I bet the sun was in his eyes too...this guy's using every sore loser excuse in the book.  Whatever happened, at no point did he outbox Tyson.  He was waiting for that one hail Mary knockout punch, it never came, and he had no idea what to do
Brain damage bro, brain damage.
Lol
Gee deontay what a sore loser.
Since when did Tyson fury have power to knock out
Joe rogan is insane.... fury had detached his glove
I don't believe the glove thing but I also know a glove and wrist don't bend like that
Fury did exactly what he said would do.  Fury revealed the entire plan on nearly every interview he had prior to the fight.
Joe , c’mon man, please watch the video of Fury punching Wilder and you can clearly see his gloves were completely lose and was wobbling , can’t believe you are defending that lame ass cheater 😔
Rogan the reason wilder makes those accusations is cause he seen and heard that is done to fighters. Him being a alhaymon guy knows first hand what can and is done.
I’m guessing all y’all think everything was normal right and saw the evidence just remember he can’t cheat that 3rd fight he going back to that crack den they found him in dirty ass need to be in jail
Floyd Mayweather lucky tyson fury  was never  a super middle weight 😂😂😂51-0-0  i don't think so lol
All y’all can’t even put y’all face behind that bullshit y’all talking🥱 fury getting his ass whooped they fight a third time
Nah, that glove wasn't on. That's not an excuse, but a fact
Boxing is dirty , why won't you admit the fact , in the video it clearly shows his hand not in the glove fully
Wilder is destroying his legacy.
Heavy or Not that pre fight suit was Fucking Fire 🔥
Knuckles in fury’s gloves
Shame
Shame joe rogan shame shame shame shame you know about puncher gloves and how that works shame joe shame shame punchers gloves joe punchers  gloves
10:41 “some liquid”
Wah wah wah....Deonte  excuses for clearly being outskilled by a better fighter.
He's worn similar costumes in other fights, so that ain't no excuse wilder
Why is it so hard to believe a cheater cheated
Who is this dude that doesn't know shite about boxing. He never said anything about the suit. The one thing you can't train is a punch. Punchers are born. It's called a modified philly shell. Ortiz had no footwork. I am very skeptical of Fury's win. Gypsy cultural is all about cheating as a way of life. Trump could be a gypsy.
It's true, Wilder has no left hook.
Did you guys do your homework before this conversation? That man is getting kicked out boxing.
Fury weighed 170
ANYTHING but actually being bested embodiment of victim mentality
Weak excuses, shame.  I think his time might be up his clearly going through something he lost twice (imo) with or without whatever he says. Fury looks alot bulkier than Wilder anyway, thicker
I genuinely liked Wilder. I hoped after this loss he would train hard and get more tools in his arsenal so he can comeback stronger then ever. But apparently he don't have the heart for it like I had hoped.
They poisoned nick diaz water too when he fought gsp
He did get hit in the back of the head the first knockdown. The rest was just him getting outclassed
Wilder KO'D FURY AND THE REF DOES AN 13 SECOND COUNT HE WAS SLEEP HE WAS GONE...SHOULDN'T EVEN BE NO SECOND FIGHT!!!WILDER WON THE FIRST FIGHT!
**steps to open your mind**  Steps 1 and 2 may vary depending on age  Step 1: watch joe rogan Step 2: take psychedelics  Step 3: understand joe rogan
It’s a fair claim to complain about the gloves but it’s not really illegal. Fury exposed that bum regardless
3:14 agree 100%
ROGAN we see tha negative your setting!...but listen Fury has been known to load his glove in sparring theres  a video!...he could of never beat wilder with out cheating glove flopping all.over the place!
Guys money talks but that’s something you guys wouldn’t have to worry! Mr.Rogan no hurt feelings money talks you can get what you want if you got it believe that! Everybody is not worthy he put a dent in his face guys quit hiding the obvious he was outboxed but look at dude skull there’s a dent in his skull! Tyson Fury does not have that kind of power. I love Fury but look at the proof.
wilder need to take the shit like a man. miguel cotto took his first loss to a cheater. margarito had plaster in his gloves. cotto didnt do a bunch of bitching and moaning. he got a rematch and he beat margarito to a pulp.  and to say breland poisoned him is just crazy af
Deontay has brain damage from the fight and doesn’t know what he’s talking about
Until this day I ll put water in my gloves 😂
American soldier wear 75lbs of gear for days straight while on combat operations and don't have weak ass excuses like that.
First it was the giant robot suit being too heavy........then furys gloves.........then someone spiked his water........he doesnt deserve another payday.
Lmfao tyson fury beat his wilders ass so hard he lost his mind
Dude, just admit defeat and move on, get better and come back
This is still a thing 🥊
Will we ever see wilder vs Joshua?
Floyd Mayweather wants to teach him. What's he waiting for?
LMAAAO @ Egg weights 😂😂😂 I own egg weights, absolutely impossible to put on a boxing glove with an egg weight.
My trainer started giving me City Water instead of filtered or distilled water and he was getting fluoride at high doses which was the same chemical compound that caused the Jewish prisoners to  become docile and accept their imprisonment.
Tyson fury beat wilder the first time 9 rounds to 3 or 10 rounds to two it's clear that he was out boxing Deontay Wilder with the exceptions of the round that he dropped Tyson Fury the second fight Tyson Fury completely Swift up the game plan and backed up Deontay Wilder and I think Deontay Wilder expected him to be the slick slippery boxer that he normally is
How old is Ortiz come on, he never had a decent fight.
A glove doesn’t flap like that
Get Deontay on the show !
Wow Joe on the bs
No joe there is actual video proff
If you can't see Fury's gloves being loose af, you need some glasses
Tyson has been caught cheating before. But idk if he did this fight... I’ll wait for more info.. check fury past he got banned in UK. And training partner has a video talking about him cheating in sparing... idk I’ll wait for more info to come out... I wouldn’t be surprised if wilder made excuses or if fury cheated....
Man it's too Late to be saying all this
Mark breland DID HIS job
Panama joe ?
Luke is cool but he's a lil crazy
He is done. Again that horrible costume?? No one forced him to put it on, other than vanity
What a prick 🤡😂
There is ample clear evidence that Fury cheated not only that but he has a HISTORY of being caught cheating like there is literally proof of Tyson cheating It’s not rocket science
Man you really disappoint me Joe do the research atleast
Denthead wilder
If Wilder fought 2020 Mike Tyson, Mike would physically retire him in the first round. Absolutely ZERO chance against mid-80's Tyson...or any other top tier heavyweights of the '87-'97 era.
WTF I WATCH THE FIGHT AGAIN TYSON FOUGHT GREAT BUT FOR YOU TO SAY HIS GLOVES WHERE NOT FISHY IS OUT OF THIS WORLD CRAZY THE MAN GLOVES WHERE FLAPPING ALL OVER SAY WHAT YOU WANT BUT DONT LIE JOE STOP THIS ITS CLASSIC WHITE MAN CANT CHEAT BS HE ALSO TOO Steroids in the pass nobody talks about this stfu
Foedoe
Hey Joe, in case you don't know, Fury won the 1st fight too (dodgy refs stole it from him)!
Gloves don’t rotate 360 degrees
I take it you guys didn't see his sparring partner Nicholas Asbury video while in Fury's gym showing Fury's hloves and him approaching his team & them stating they did it to give Fury confidence! And several years back in 2015 where the ref caught him?!.... I guess even with "ALL THE EVIDENCE IN THE WORLD" it's still unbelievable? Im sure if the shoe was on the other foot & there was footage of Wilder you would be all over it! You people are fkn sad!
Liar
Wilder is a joke. The way he’s taken (or not taken) the L is downright embarrassing. Fucking delusional.
Wilder is a joke. Js
Spodas always got excuses when they lose.
Fainting is another dimension of boxing
Lol f@#$% yeah!! I'm in the garage smoking when he said to YouTube ernie shavers. Don't know who that is, so can't wait.
With all respect accept the L Wilder. Save the talking for the ring.
Wilder's excuses are just sad, but the glove thing is true. It's on his lead hand only, which supposedly gives him more reach, but I don't know how much that mattered anyway.
He never said anything about his costume & you can see Fury fist through the glove! SMDH
Wilder just can't accept he got beat by better man, typical yank has huge ego and no humility
Fury WON the first fight. he only lost 2 or 3 rds.
Victim mentality... probably raised by a single mom
Why would wilder want to fight a cheater with egg shape  weight in his tampered gloves spiked the water  by his Owen corner man &  if he add a egg shape weight  which left a dent why oh why did he not AV any other marks on his body when Tyson was smashing him with it from round 1
https://youtu.be/QASG4p5yrxI. 15:00 -15:30 is the first time you can see the glove is CLEARLY in the improper position and that’s why the wrap was coming off the glove! I can’t believe how much you full of crap you are Joe
I disagree with all this but I guess
Deontay Wilder never said the suit was too heavy, someone else reported this an people ran with it, Fake News that Wilder stated the suit was too heavy
Its funny how everyone that actually follows boxing will say that Wilder got outclassed. But then there is a small, cult like group of fan boys that will mindlessly try and find excuses on why Fury cheated. How delusional and smooth does your brain have to be to think that you are right and the 99% of boxing fans are wrong?
Zee Bronze Dosser 😂
I will never watch this man again.. I use to think you was real.. and after this lawsuit.. you better apologize ..! And donate all the proceeds to this video..
This sounds like it's Luke's show lol. He has such an awesome presence.  Cheers Luke.
This was accurate
I think Wilder knows throwing in the towel was the right thing to do but be won't admit it because of his pride...      p.s if you wanna see something hilarious, look up Wilder vs Charlie Zelenoff.
still waiting on the second coming of a prime Ali & a prime Mike Tyson - today’s hvywts can’t compare - it’s like going to a restaurant to order a 32oz center cut wagyu tomahawk but they only got a 14oz. dry aged NY strip - the strips good but it ain’t no tomahawk
I don't like that dude with the glasses.
This is 12min where nothing of substance is addressed. This may as well be a video from 2015. Nothing of substance covered.
Wilder got his ass whipped! However, Fury should honor the rematch clause.
Deontay's back story  (especially that which involves his daughter)  confirms he is basically a very good guy with good values.  Alas,  when it comes to producing our own online content,  sometimes we need guidance and I reckon that's what's happened in the last week.  Deontay needed a good honest friend to say to him "Nah,  don't post that.  That won't end well."
Wait. No more rogan on youtube? Goddamnit. I’m not fucking paying for Spotify. Lates.
With his right hand he punches with the will to fight for and provide for his own family I respect that    But fury thoooooo
Everyone knows fury is a better technical boxer , but fury is the biggest cheat right now in boxing so many things this guy did to get an advantage and also failing for PEDs after klitchko fight and multiple times he’s done shady stuff with gloves and got caught before a fight 5 yrs ago by the ref and in sparring ridiculous look at all the evidence it’s sad ,a dent in wilders head shows you something
He stole Bert Kreischers voice.
Wilder needs to stop making excuses... Take the L like a fucking man
The claims about the glove tampering by Tyson fury is definitely true. There’s footage in the fight of Tysons glove flopping at the fist and you can see Tyson’s fist where the arm should be
If you make excuses instead of ignoring faults then you’ll never fix the faults and won’t improve. Tyson admitted he was a bum and brought himself back to the very top. Wilder will never accept that loss and he’ll never be champ again
Wow Joe!! Look at the evidence before you dismiss him. And by the way he never used the 40lb vest as an excuse, no ones heard those words come from his mouth
Wilder is a horrible fighter that came against an amazing fighter.  The end
Luke Thomas is such a doucher.
I believe him cus in the beginning of the first round I was like to my homies “ yo is he on drugs ?? Why’s he moving like that and fight just started”
Sounds about white. Honestly it must be good to be Tyson Fury. When you have the complexion for the protection things are easier.
No Joe.. Jesus changed Tyson's mind...
Wilder should lose his rematch privileges for all this bullshit
Joe he’s not a good guy , he’s a Women beater
If I could be bothered to train I'd destroy any heavy weight in history. Facts!
As time goes on his excuses are getting Wilder.
Why not show some of the pictures of Tyson Fury’s gloves during the fight?
Lukeeeeee!! Buzzing
More excuses than the Catholic church.
tyson fury  has already been caught taking PED , he has been caught by a ref in previous fights  for glove tampering. he was caught bribing a farmer. he has admitted being a coke head. he is low life  cheater and you can clearly see in the wilder fights he does not have his hand fully in the glove
Deontay Wilder is poor loser, he lost both fights.
Don’t let this distract you from the fact that he twerks better than a hood stripper!!
Wilder dropped Fury twice the first fight give him credit probably top 5 hardest hitting boxers, Fury could never.
Look up pics of Tyson Fury gloves during the fight, nuff said
Agree.....Mark Breland is a boxing legend, and it is BEYOND shitty to treat the man the way they have. Fucking horrible. THATS a man you want in your corner. A guy who has fought and excelled at every level.
The Bronze Bummer
SMH this is straight bull..
Joe you ding dong you forgot Jesus, that's what turned Tyson Fury around, Tyson will be the first to admit that, his faith!!!
Deontay “my color is why I was beat” Wilder! Damn...gotta get out of that victimhood mentality, it’s 2020!
There is slow motion video of Tyson Fury having his fists down in his gloves basically making it a bare knuckle punch. It's from previous fights though.
Explain the gloves. All the other shit I've heard is nonsense but how do we explain the gloves? Maybe there is a good explanation, I just haven't heard one.
Dewlussioons (with Robert Pattison voice)
Wilder simply isn't that bright
I've seen slow motion video of Tyson Fury in other fights where Tyson Furys hands are down in his gloves.
After 12 minutes of boring commentary listening to you 2 idiots talk about a fight that ya obviously didn’t watch where all types of cheating some which was plain as day..   gloves clearly looked off ,  camera covered ,  dent on the side of wilders head in the shape of an egg weight ..  a guy that couldn’t crack an egg all of a sudden punching dents into people’s head ..  the fuck 🤦🏾‍♂️🤷🏾‍♂️
Dude if you can't see the gloves are B's you blind crazy it took Cotta months too year too get that cheat Tyson know he cheated which is why no 3rd fight
The video evidence is more than conclusive that fury cheated! Stop the bullshit
Wilder made a lot of stupid excuses..but those bendy gloves Tyson was using is still sus imo.
Is it just me or does Luke Thomas sound exactly like Bert Kreisher?
Americans STOP overhyping Wilder. His biggest win is ortiz,, Ortiz best win is jennings. Wilder has only beaten two top tens his whole career. He's fabricated.
i can't believe that dude threw in the towel? Wilder was winning that fight..
The suit was defenetly an excuse but the gloves? Don’t act like that shit ain’t weird AF and not only that,  FURY has been caught cheating with the left hand and steroids before so it wouldn’t be his first time cheating don’t try to cover that
Dont look at the video and it sounds like bert
Started watching this...and remembered I don't give a shit about boxing.
Stick to mma ...  don’t know shit about boxing 🤦🏾‍♂️
Wilder got battered senseless.....much much worse than that for him, is the pathetic embarrassing excuses ,which just show that his fragile mind cannot cope, he would be battered worse if they ever fought again  On another note ,Wilder isn't even close to greatest puncher, that can only be measured when you spank greats, not cab drivers
Wilder is waaaay bigger than me as I’m only 5’7 weighing 165. I regularly walk a couple miles with a 40 lb vest. It’s not that big a deal. He also said on Rogan’s podcast he regularly trains with a weight vest. That excuse is just shit.
Tyson Fury .....Just his name sounds like he will knock you the f out..😂😂😂😂😂
Joe..   His gloves are  fishy.   Explain why his gloves bend like that.   Dont lie .  Look at the slow mo video
Joe, the way that brand new glove was bending was a little suspect. I don’t like either fighter but looks a little fishy.
Tyson cheated, tampered with Wilder's costume & put a big dosser in there 😂
Tyson Fury is a brilliant boxer who earned his first title by beating one of the greatest fighters of all time.  Granted, Klischko was a shadow of his former self by that time but he beat the man to become the man.  Wilder just hits hard.
Furys gloves looked suspect flopping all around like his wrist was broken.
Confirmed fury did have blunt objects in his gloves called 'Gypsy Knuckles' and Wilder tasted all ten of then.
I’ve got a big fight coming up, I wanna use the pikie!
There's only one Tyson Fury
Look at analysts Luke over here.
It’s too much evidence that Tyson cheated.
Joe watch akhi tv. It’s a fact that Tyson cheated. Even Tyson sparring partners said the same
Deontay a bully he just wants to victimize
Wilder was outclassed and he knows it. He should have a tune up fight before tyson for the 3rd time. Fury will beat him again. Wilder will NEVER recover from this
The biggest problem with Wilder is that he's surrounded himself with a lot "YES" men. All feeding his ego and making excuses for his performance to keep riding on the gravy train of team Wilder and getting paid. Just look at what happened to Breland, the only genuine man, the only man that really cared for Wilder and threw the towel... he fired Breland.  What a pity that Wilder can't see the obvious and rid himself of those parasitic leeches yes men... he's got the same sort of people around him that Mike Tyson did when he went down in flames.
Tyson furry beat wilder in both matches
3 excuses??
Listen yanks, it's not no fluke that Tyson is undefeated.. give credit where credits due man 😔
Let’s look at the evidence video shows something wasn’t right about those gloves facts!!! On top of that look at the damage he caused to (Deontay Wilder)cut over his eye,dent on the side of his head busted his lip and split his ear it’s no way in hell Tyson fury fist did that to wilder that footage of those gloves is not fake them shit was modified or loaded either way something in the milk wasn’t clean!!! Now I will admit Fury is a better boxer than Deontay I will definitely admit that but something wasn’t right and it was cheating!!!
Go look at the videos fury didn't have his hands in the gloves
Wilders team are the worse ever. 120million offer from dazn. To fight a.j yet knocks it bk to fight Ortiz,Brazil's,fury.
Deontay Wilder paid Cosmos Glamsquad $40,000 for that suit and sure he didn't win but at least he looked like a fabulous qween, apparently that's more important to him than the fight itself 🤷‍♂️🤦🏿‍♂️😂
Fury destroyed him and feasted on his blood.
Joe rogan get Anthony Joshua on. He will fight the best one after the other. Only dillian whyte on that level.  And them balls. Fury and wilder has no record. Wake up
Wilder will blame the loss on Covid next  He will say he caught it months before it even existed
No Ortiz has not beat anybody At all. Dave Allen in UK. On points. And he can't win a British title. Wilder cherry picked his hole carear. Dodged Joshua.
Wilder is seriously embarrassing himself and tarnishing his own reputation. Take a loss like man. Accept it and look to improve yourself.
Juanita (hua-nita) Joe(Hoe) Joe r ogan( hoer organ) Whore organ Hahaaa hahaaa  "Some peepl like to watch the world bURN...." -THE JOKER Ex Vegan Logan E V L I'm evil  "and love is evil spell it backwards I'll show YA" Nemnem - Eminem
Juanita (hua-nita) Joe(Hoe) Joe r ogan( hoer organ) Hahaaa hahaaa  "Some peepl like to watch the world bURN...." -THE JOKER Ex Vegan Logan E V L I'm evil  "and love is evil spell it backwards I'll show YA" Nemnem - Eminem
The biggest excuse I have heard in boxing was the excuse Mike Tyson used. Mike said I broke my back
Fury was hated everywhere. Then comes out with this addiction problem and boom everybody berlives this. His lies change everytime he tells them story's. And I'm from 20 mile away from were he lives. But his story's change everytime which DOSENT happen when it's a past event in your head. That ferrari motorway incident he says about changes from 190mph Then 180mph then 160mph. His book changes aswell. It's the perfect sobb story.
So the floppy glove been proved as a fake? How when I watch the slow mo of the gloves
Deontay is the biggest fool, ever seen in the boxing world !!
Just wait on the truth, Wilder isn’t lying..but believe what you want to for now!!
Wtf are egg weights?
Smokes weed. Looks up Earnie Shavers highlights.
Its funny how people don't believe witnesses or even there own eyes lmao 😆
I love that fight
“The other guy, I can't remember his name...starts with a 'D'...?  Douche...Jay Douche
Losses show the true character of real winner
if you listen with your eyes closed it sounds like Bert got sober and read a couple audio books.
Wilder might be hyping up his excuses to goad Fury into a rematch.
It’s a fact that wilder was getting hit by a bare knuckled cause fury didn’t put his glove on right , there is picture proof of his glove while they were fighting .
Tyson fury is a far better boxer than wilder, but he did cheat.
Joe Rogan don’t know  what’s going on the man never said nothing about a suit find the footage of that Tyson fury is a constant cheater
Wilder sneezed 3 times thats why
It’s a proven FACT Fury is on PEDs and it’s a FACT that Fury altered his gloves! Smh 🤦‍♂️ such dumbasses
Black Jesus didn't save Wilder that day.
For a fighter who claims and boasts about being “lucky” with his shots, Wilder seems to be coming up with excuses instead of being “unlucky”
This is crazy to me I've watched a thousand boxing matches I've never seen a glove behave that way I've never seen so many missions in a glove I've never seen a girl flail the way it did I've never ever seen this I cannot say what is wrong but something is definitely not right this is an anomaly and it's crazy how you all ignore the glove and say that it's perfectly normal it's like you guys are Trump supporters ignoring all the stupid s*** that he does I can't say what or how he cheated or even if he cheated but that glove is highly irregular and abnormal
This is f****** crazy to me I've watched a thousand boxing matches I've never seen anyone's glove look so loose and wrinkly it's like he was boxing with the glove that Muhammad Ali trained with so you are telling me that those gloves look perfectly normal to you????
Why hasn't the algorithm recommended Earnie
Wilders stupid also admitted that he ducked AJ.
These are the kind of Joe Rogan interviews I like. Talk boxing and MMA, not with Kanye.
Prince naz tells a story about Tom Johnson saying he would "smoke his boots" naz thought he was talking nonsense until he hit him and it hurt his feet.
So basically he knocked down wilder with a slap? Cuz his glove was clearly open wen he connected, how sway?
I’m no longer a deontay wilder sorry
Both Clueless
Deontay Wilder went from ... King of Punchers ... to ... King of Excuses
Luke to barber: just shave half my head. I'm edgy now!
I can't believe Wilder. Perhaps he selling the 3rd fight? If so, he'll need a lot of damage control from those statements.
I don’t get why Wilder’s so upset. He lost, nothing wrong with it. He’s still a top 3 heavyweight in the game. At least he bought the best, no shame in it.
These dudes are sooooooo fucking wrong YOU CAN CLEARLY SEE FURYs hands are not in those gloves <<<>>INTENTIONALLY
Not until you are in the position of the depression that another person is in can you understand the erratic thought process or "reasons" you give ya self to tryin get out of it.  Do I think wilder is correct? No I don't.  Do I fault or judge him for what hes going through and how he is going about it ? No i dont
Not nearly enough talk about how ridiculous Wilder's behavior has been. Bully got his azz beat
Wrong he never said the costume messed him off but joe ignoring tyson furys gloves look suspect is disturbing
Even Logan Paul took his loss way better than Wilder.
🍇And Deontae’s slow yes........ but don’t act like Tyson Fury isn’t unusually quiet .....1.......2...I can see him cheating using his ADMITTED bare knuckle boxing history.......used to cut faces<<<<.     3....Dude prolly uses roids too><<> dude is a big goofball and really is avg
I cannot comprehend the words. Wilder is not even a boxer.. Sad state or affairs for him
there was definitely something off about deontay that night
I hear y’all but do ur research.  I believe Tyson cheated.  I thought it was Bs but after looking into and Tyson being caught cheating before from steroids even being made to change gloves by a referee in the ring.  I believe he cheated
White people don't care about the truth! As long as the black guy loses
Someone bullied the bully, next topic.
The gloves had no padding Joe jesus
He's a human boxer guys...
please remove the gross kiss noise at the end.
Why are yall looking past the gloves? Makes no damn since. Now I dont believe in the water b.s
Soooo... what about the video evidence of Tyson’s gloves looking weird as shit? We are just going to ignore that????
If Luis Ortiz wasen't 128 years old he would dominate the heavyweights.
Sad truth is Wilder's As 1 Trick a Pony as they come. He's got a monster overhand right, and that's literally it. He's an incredibly marginal boxer overall, it's just lots of very average heavyweights get intimidated by his height,aura of all this supposed power, and they're like the proverbial Deer in the Headlights. I think a lot of journeymen over the years that weren't ever considered anything special but kept their cool would've frustrated Wilder.
I watched Luke's analysis of the Wilder Fury fight and was amazed in the amount of detail that don't get the credit which was highlighted in the video. Top guy.
Best part of the fight was Tyson trolling Wilder before the fight by cuddling with his friend like Wilder was with his girl
U can see where Fury had his knuckle in his wrap fam we got that footage of Fury fam we also seen them throw a towel over the camera then unplug the camera. But, WE SEEN THE FOOTAGE WITH THE GLOVE THIS IS DISGUSTING U SELLING OUT FOR HIS CAMP U PUSH ANY NARRATIVE FOR MONEY FAM STOP
Donte 🤷🏾‍♂️💭obviously have brain damage
DW got far on natural power, a great chin, selective matchmaking  and lots of luck... but that went as far as it could, now he actually needs to learn how to box and he’s too dumb and arrogant to see it... it’s like Kenny Rogers and his rhetoric about how if everyone on an island couldn’t work out or practice, the guy with the talent wins- the laziest logic ever lmao
Wilder showing how Not to deal with a loss
Mark Brealand should sue Wilder for defamation.
Fury vs Wilder II is the one fight could keep watching over and over
I was with you Joe, but how can you disregard the evidence of the glove flapping and the knuckle print in the glove in the other fight.  Fuckin hilarious... Smh
Rogan needs to do a wrist check with them gangster watches
No Joe!  This is the first and only  Statement that he officially made. Now Fury is backing out of the 3rd fight like a coward because he knows what's coming.💣🥊🤣
I am not going to say Fury cheated because I obviously have no way to know. I will say that some photos show a broken-in right glove, as he is a lefty who was using a lead slap jab this could be used to great success. That said as someone who is 6'5" 250 I can open my glove to do something similar (nowhere as skilled but I can pretend in my own mind) but with new gloves I will say it can be difficult with not close to impossible just harder than you would think.
Deontay Wilder is an absolute bum. Excuses are washed out. The guy is finished
He is a disgrace. Imagine him thinking that he would be better than mike tyson. Tyson fury did to him what Ali did to George Foreman and he simply can't deal with it. He clearly didn't want the third fight because his mind is gone
Sore loser
I’m curious about the camera in the dressing room getting cut before getting gloves on.
As far as I'm concerned Wilder lost both fights💯
Fury beat him so bad he knocked the sanity out of him and gave him CTE
I don’t like how wilder is using excuses about the L but let’s not act like fury hasn’t cheated before! I think that should be the big picture! Not to mention dude is a pillow puncher lmmfao
Comments real loud but they wouldn’t say a thing to wilder in person
Damn I’m thinking a person that knows about fighting was gonna talk about how disappointed he is in Tyson fury lol nope the opposite lmao
Wilder needs humbling. Put him in a ring with Mike Tyson that’ll humble him!
Can believe the amount of people who are looking at wilders excuses....as an excuse to excuse tysons gloves...not just the first fight..but his other fights in his past...video footage everywhere and media ignores it........would of love for it to be wilder to be the one doing that.......the world would end......media would be in jail for murder for killing wilder lol. They want tyson to sue wilder....
Wilder is such a clown lmao. Fury beat his ass because he is the better boxer, the end. Wilder is just making a complete ass out of himself
dillian whyte and Anthony joshua took the loss and neve made any excuses which earn my respect but wilder making shit up everyday
Deontay Wilder is just trolling you guys
Luke Thomas reminds me of faze jev in this clip for some reason
Fury's gloves were absolutely suspect.  Secondly, how does a fighter get ko'd and win a round?
Wilder should be embracing the loss to Fury and use it as motivation to get the belt back. Instead, he takes the lazy way out and blames everything but himself. Fight entrances should by what Mike Tyson did, a badass song, your boxing attire and ready to beat someone's ass.
The costume excuse is lame. I’d be surprised if it was more than 10lb in reality but whatever he’s rationalizing the loss to his own confidence. It made me sick the way they threw breland under the bus after the fight for throwing in the towel. Now they’re accusing breland of poisoning him before the fight, that’s a serious serious accusation. That realllly bugs me.
if all you're banking on is a puncher's chance then you've already lost
Kronk didn't change his strategy. Fury said with Hill present that it was his own plan to carry on with the same style he used in last round of 1st fight after his knock down
The same Ortiz who ain’t done fuck all at heavyweight and ain’t fought nobody, wilders right hand is making him look good against bums just relax, let wilder face top 10’s back to back on a regular and let’s see if he’s that impressive the mans a bum and a hype job what a joke of a fighter
Been watching videos of Fury’s glove and it definitely looked wobbly.
And maybe Tyson is a cheater !!! I'm from a boxing family and don't want to say whom but famous and tyson did cheat !!! And we have evidence to prove it !!! It's not the first time he has cheated. but he gets a pass because why ?? Naw not because he's white . because boxing is currupt and all the higher ups know this with backroom deals money runs this sport !! Not   the law .it's the only sport not governed by a law !!! No benefits and no rules !!!
Wilder smoking crack
Wilder smoking crack
The right glove in the rematch is clearly tampered with.  It wasn't flappy like Joe stated incorrectly.  It didn't have padding in the knuckles.  At least get the facts right.  This only is fueling Wilder for revenge but I really don't know if he's gonna be the same after that damage.  Even the doctor who diagnosed his x-rays said that type of blunt trauma isn't possible with boxing gloves.  Radiologist and doctors know their shit.  So, the online haters can talk all they want.
Wilder sounding like Sean O'Malley out here
He will go down in history as the worst loser in heavyweight boxing history 🤦🏾‍♂️ him and his hardcore fans are crazy
Believe in Jesus Christ today because tomorrow is too late🙌🏾🙏🏾 To proclaim the gospel of Jesus Christ per the Great Commission of Matthew 28:19-20.   Jesus died and rose again that we might have forgiveness of sins.  Believe in Jesus and accept Him as your Savior, confess your sins to Him and you will be with Him in paradise some day!😇🙏🏾  ​http://findyoursavior.blogspot.com/2012/04/abcs-of-salvation.html?m=1​
Real ones know that Fury won the first fight as well as the second one.
Wilder is the toughest bitch boy ever!
Wow poisoning the drink? Lol I hope people don't believe that. Thats crazy
Tyson Fury should be fighting Joshua and Wilder should fight whyte
Some brain damage going on
Will Smith’s wife could take them all down; have you seen how she turned Will into a cry baby beta?!
6:40 - Luke Thomas: "He's a human boxer" *Wut?*
its a possibility.
Why does Wilder even feel he deserves a rematch? Hes 0-2. Bullshit all you want that he drew the first fight, we all know that was a Yankee robbery fix. Every boxing analyst, boxer, ex boxers, trainers, judges, my mom all feel Fury won that fight with ease. Then knocks Wilder into a different day *TO THIS DAY* Yanks always have excuses when they lose.
Darren Till does a lot of feints even Whittaker commented on it.
does this dude sound like Burt or is it just me?
That’s how wooly haired men are full of excuses. Can’t say what I really mean cause ya know YouTube censorship
Wilder the same guy who said he wanted to catch a body in the ring, right? But, crying when someone trying to take him out, the hypocrisy 😂
I'm a Wilder fan, still am after all these excuses, I just wish he would use this time to train and come up with a strategy to beat tyson fury in stead of just throwing out excuses
I don’t like deontay but let’s be honest. Something weird was happening with Tyson Furrys gloves! They just didn’t look normal more evidence of the proof came out afterwards. But to say Deontae is just making excuses common..
I was waiting for this clip
no excuses, bro. the gypsy king is just better than you.
I’m just saying look at the gloves wilder is trying to understand why he felt wierd go look at the video his gloves were flappy
Ahh Deontay Wilder, the biggest bum in boxing history. The excuses made by this embarrassment of a man is hilarious, he's a one trick pony and when he got demolished and exposed by The Gypsy King he took the cowards way out and made excuses. What a joke.
Et tu Mark?
They cheated Wilder. Tyson's gloves were suspect. The training coach was shady as hell. Wait until the next fight.
Wilder is like a emotionally scorned female 😂
u alraedy know im gonna watch earnie shavers rn
The legend Luke Tomas????
Shame because those two reenergized heavyweight boxing. All Wilder had to do was train like crazy, study the tape, and go bully him back. Agree 1000% about training his left. Had Wilder won a rematch, could you imagine the hype for a 4th bout to settle it?? Gazillion dollars.
Wilder is a chump with all these weak ass excuses. Just admit it you got outboxed and exposed as a one trick pony. FOH! Hope he never gets a rematch with all this shit
Respect for AJ just keeps rising, takes a loss accepts it and wins rematch no problem.. Wilder 8 months on.. pulling excuses out of his ass
0:46 I quit my job with the help of, *p  a  i  d t o b e h o m e .c o m*
ive said it for years. all of wilders opponents ALL of them have been hand picked.
Man Joe ain’t the same in this studio
Explain The Gloves!!!! Nicholas Asberry Exposed Tyson Fury For Having Egg Weights In His Gloves During Sparring Leading Up To The Wilder Fight Explain That!!!!
Fury is full of shit too though... he’s certainly no shining hero of boxing.
Sounds like Wilder is a Biden supporter
Deontay couldn't even beat Charlie Z
Lost all respect for Wilder. He's completely lost his mind.
6:15 lmao 😂 😭🤣
I reckon tyson did something dodgy with his fist in the glove
With every excuse it makes any credible comeback further away. He has to admit his shortcomings before he can move forward. Sitting brooding, inventing bullshit is not healthy. You got your ass whipped by a much, much better man. It happens.
I believe Wilder was just on YouTube and come across a bunch of conspiracies about his lost against Tyson Fury 🤷🏻‍♂️
Hey Joe!! You have said AJ has ducked wilder for years. Wilder has accidentally admitted that he turned down the AJ fight. I expect an apology at once
A lot of us knew Wilder was bitch made and was going to go for excuses. Mark Breland is an olympic gold medal winner and champion fighter. Wilder should be thanking Breland.
Guy sounds like he is on fast forward
his excuses are valid in the beginning until it was proven that fury cheated the first fight and second fight. do the research!!! its out there so how is it easily provable that its fake there's nothing to prove that.   he's the only insider. why would this man have a reason to lie he's faced fury before and legit won and got cheated
Soon WWE and now introducing Wilder
🎶 EvveeRRRR!🎶
Wilder is a sore loser
He's brain damage
You hate to hear the excuses because I though Wilder actually showed a lot of heart in that fight. It wasn’t anything to be embarrassed about. He didn’t quit vs one of the scariest fighters on the planet.
"Well idk rick, I never been hit me on my bean....most fighters dont even know that bean exists...." -Pussy after fighting Ernie Shavers
A wise man once said “wear 40 pounds of Christmas lights into a fight and you’ll get lit up like a Christmas tree.”
Wilder is such a clown. He can’t take a loss likes man. I don’t think he deserves a third but who am I? It’s boring and old. It will always be the same fight. Punchers chance. Wilder has ZERO foot work, can’t fight going backwards and just swarms punches. His one punch is a wild card but it’s not enough when you have someone who has fought you 2xs and has figured you out. Making excuses shows you haven’t grown. Booo I’m over it.
Rogan forgot to mention tyson was 25 stone plus
He got hit so hard. He lost most his brain cells. Give the guy a break 😭😭😭🤣
Wilder is a bum. Humility is not in the bible deontay reads.
But y’all don’t talk about the video and photo evidence smh
Did he say. "He had a white guy carrying his luggage? Even better." Is he trying to say that because he is black and a white guy carrying his luggage, means the white guy is naturally superior but because he's carrying luggage he's now beneath him? If thats not racist....
😂😂😂.. BS.. Deontay had an interview with 78 Sports detailing this issue.. Bad Look Rogan...
I’m not sure if he was cheated but re watching that fight it did seem a lil strange. Now that could be because fury is a great boxer. Or maybe something was going on?
Maybe Wilder is in denial and making excuses but I understand it’s probably hard to fathom when u had that much success. He needs to actually be a student of the game and get some stronger legs 🦵. BUT I do not believe in kicking a man when he’s down. He needs to get that rematch and redeem himself.
Best two podcasters in all of MMA. And I don't wanna hear shit about Chael that ain't a podcast. And weighing in sucks cuz Josh is a bias pos
I need to understand the glove thing tho. Never seen a glove fit like that.
Wilder a damm FOOL
If you can’t tell his gloves was on wrong your stupid
Earnie shavers used to work as a bouncer / doorman in Liverpool UK. Absolute gentleman.
At least Wilder got fury off crack and booze
Joe- theres video of the floppy gloves.
Deontay is still making excuses TO THIS DAY!!?? TO THIS DAY!!?? TO THIS DAY!!??
anyone know how to tune in live to joes election coverage at 7?
Informal poll. Like for Trump, comment for Biden.
i would love to see how provable the glove thing is from what ive seen the gloves were suspicious many people backed this up
I would be so annoyed if Wilder and Fury fight again and Wilder won.  IMO Fury beat him twice already, we don't need a 3rd fight.
I call bullshit too.. But in the interest of looking at things from both sides. How the fuk he get that Dent in his Skull from a Gloved Fist
Deyonte is the type of guy who vents at the start of among us and blames the guy who saw him
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=898vRiL_hCw&t=7128s Proof Tyson cheated
Wilder is a cowardly, moronic, sore loser. Get over it you DOSSER!
So why not rematch
Can somebody link me to the debunking of the floppy ass gloves? b/c them shits were floppy as all hell.
Sometimes Rogan sounds a lot like frkn CNN
Have none of y’all seen the images or slow mo video clearly showing fury’s gloves were tampered with?
I fucking love the MMA Show
I like what Mike Tyson and Roy Jones Jr had to say about fighters of today in boxing. Some of the fighters get the luxury to hand pick who they fight. They are not from the old school blood where you are thrown to the wolves. Fighters today get to fight safe fights when they get the belt, but when a real fighter stands in front of them like a Tyson Fury, they fold like a little bitch, which I am pretty sure they were talking about Wilder there. Throw these boxers into the ring against fighters who were in their prime in the 60's, 70's, 80's and 90's like the Holyfield's, Lewis, Ali, Fraizer, Roy Jr, Tyson, Foreman, and Holmes, and watch these fighters of today drop like dominos. They don't have our mindset because they never went threw the hardships that we had to go threw while growing up in our era.
The first fight should not have been a draw Joe. He outboxed him in that fight too. It was a terrible judge decision and you haven’t been honest about that. Tut tut 🧐
I think Deontay is a dick but to be fair if you watch the fight closely his trainer MB points to Deontays Ear when he called a halt to the fight because he thought he had internal bleeding and based on that it is the correct call BUT it turned out that the bleeding was a cut on his ear so no way the fight should have been stopped...I mean we have seen some thrillers over the years where fighters are in way more trouble and the fight has not been stopped....He should have got the Doctor to check his ear out and if he had known at the time it was just a cut I dont think He would have thrown the towel in
Elephant in the room:  Dude was completely outclassed,  out-boxed, and out-quicked by a schlubby, chubby, foreign, white dude.  That's a hard pill to swallow.   Ask 100 people who know nothing or next to nothing about boxing and have never heard of either fighter,  who would win a fight between the two based on appearance alone.  One looks like a world class athlete.  The other guy looks like he works the door at a dive bar in Scranton.
Has Wilder never heard of gypsys?!
What glasses is that guy wearing. 😂
Wilder sounds crazier than Antonio Brown right now!
"Easily disproven" What a joke !
My thoughts:  Wilder is totally onto something when he speaks about the glove placement. You just cannot debate that, the videos and the pictures clearly show it and he has a previous history of trying to fight with misfitting gloves. Steve Cunningham and many other pro fighters have agreed that it is a known “crafty technique” that boxers have used in the past.  Now, I think Wilder is getting lost in the sauce. I think he’s super upset about the loss and he’s piling on, when he should just focus on the one argument. Claiming that the vest, the poisoning, the coaching mistakes, it’s just nonsense.  Wilder has probably ruined his legacy with his attitude after the loss, but Fury is a scumbag cheater. People forget that he’s a known roid user too.
Wilder needs to go back to the basics. He'll take a step up in being humble. Then go back for the belt and be top dog again
This set is growing on me
Bruv Ortiz  is like 95 years old.
Did you even see the fight joe? The gloves were funny
The best part about Fury is he told Wilder repeatedly in the build up to the 2nd fight exactly what his game plan was, then stuck to it and beat him to a pulp.
So which one is it, where the gloves not on right or were they loaded?  Was it the costume or was the water poisoned?
The ego can be strong, but it does not bend well. Wilder's ego is shattered and he's not strong enough to recover. He's done.
REALLY KLITSCHKO HE WAS 40 FREAKING YEARS OLD WHEN HE FOUGHT TYSON FURY!! HE WAS NOT EVEN HALF AS GOOD AS HE ONCE WAS JUST GET OUT OF HERE WITH THAT CRAP HE WAS NOT IN HIS PRIME!!   TYSON FURY WOULD GET HIS FREAKING ASS KICKED IF HE BOUGHT THE BOXES OF YESTERYEAR LIKE MIKE TYSON, LENNOX LEWIS, RIDDICK BOWE, EVANDER HOLYFIELD, MUHAMMAD ALI, GEORGE FOREMAN, JOE FRAZIER, I COULD GO ON AND ON AND ON HE WOULD HAVE GOTTEN HIS ASS WHIPPED!!
Wilder is a bum, he has now dropped himself in it by admiting that he ducked Anthony Joshua
If Fury cheated with Klitschko then he cheated during sparring then cheated in the first Wilder fight with the gloves,then Wilder and his team are dumb af for letting that fly in the second fight
Rose like lazarus😂
Shame on you  Fury deserves the credit as the best heavy weight in the world
What about fury’s wrist movements?
This new set that looks like the inside of a toaster oven has failed to grow on me, it still stinks
Wilder..... 🤦🏻‍♂️ what in the BLAH.!!!! 😭 this guy must’ve lost some brain cells from the rematch. My guy acting real Sus. 🚫🧢 BLAH.!! 🤣💐
This is all starting to make the outfit look like a reasonable excuse
Deontay wilder will fade away because instead of taking his first L and moving in to fight again he’s gonna dwell on it like he has been. You went out there to knock him out in a boxing match that means if he’s still conscious when it’s over most likely you lose yet he just can’t admit that he couldn’t get it done.   We will never get to see Deontae become a good boxer. He’s quit basically at this point.
ALI said Shavers was the hardest hitter he faced. I believe it!
It's called being a really sore loser!
Lol..wilder finally got a worthy opponent and makes excuses...not as easy when you ain't fighting cab drivers and cleaners😂🤣😂🤣
WILDER is a power puncher with a monster right hand, outside of that... HE IS A FRAUD, years of no improvement with no technique.... end of story
YOU ARE SO WRONG THERE'S SO MUCH PROOF THAT TYSON FURY PULLED HIS HAND AND ARM DOWN AND WAS PUNCHING DEONTAY WILDER WITH HIS PALM AND HIS KNUCKLES AND HIS HAND WAS NOT EVEN IN THE GLOVE IT'S NOT EVEN ARGUABLE IT'S A SCIENTIFIC FACT THAT'S BEEN PROVEN GO LOOK AT THE DATA!!   WEATHER THE GLOVE MOVED THE WAY THAT IT WAS FURY'S BEEN DOING THIS FOR A WHILE!!! HE'S A CHEATER AND HE GOT CAUGHT!!   AND NOT TO MENTION WHAT MADE DEONTAY WILDER FALL DOWN IN THE FIRST PLACE WAS A PUNCH ON THE BACK OF THE HEAD AND HE NEVER RECOVERED!!   TYSON FURY IS A FRAUD CHEATER!!   OPEN YOUR EYES AND LOOK AT THE EVIDENCE IT'S ALL RIGHT THERE!!   AND IT IS TRUE YOU ARE WRONG JOE!!
I CANT WAIT TO COME BACK TO THIS COMMENT SECTION WHEN MORE FACTS COME OUT  JUST LIKE MARGARITO VS COTTO   SHEEP FORGET HISTORY....   FUNNY HOW YOU BRING UP TEDDY BUT DIDNT MENTION THAT TEDDY ATLAS SAID THE GLOVES LOOKED SUSPECT AS FUCK FOR PROFESSIONAL WRAPPED GLOVES LOL
True champions dont make excuses for loss , they learn from it and move forward , wilder is just showing his true character , and that is the character of a guy that is second best , and he knows it . #gypsyking !!!
When I saw this podcast I looked for JRE clips. Awesome stuff ! Perfect for this guest, no disrespect at all meant
"If you don't agree with Wilder you ain't black"      Biden.
Wilder never said he lost because of his costume that was a lie put out by main stream media...there’s proof of fury tampering with gloves if you actually do some research his sparring Nicholas asberry backed up wilders accusations with video proof of fury sparring with gloves that had no padding and Nicholas even said the same thing about the eggs weights all this was confirmed by another mma coach who was there for that camp....not only where the gloves suspect in the first fight but in the lead up to the second this mans team unplugs the camera in the locker room as he’s getting his hands wrapped...this is the same shit that happened to cotto nobody believed him till brother nazim caught him before the Mosley fight...the wbc even backed margarito back then same way they doing fury now...when the truth comes to light which it will y’all gonna feel dumb
The tape shows something was wrong with Furry's glove. lmao It was being said as soon as the fight ended. I hate the fact dude is talking about it now. Its way too late for that but lets not act like Furry's glove didnt look suspect in the fight.
For all of u non boxing experts, fury got caught for doping and was banned for 2 years. Do ur research
Send me the interview that Deontay Wilder said out his mouth that the costume was too heavy."
deontey is a worst face of champion in America.  Alabama coward with many excuses.  Tomorrow deontey will say he was thinking about Trump' vote and election that was why he couldn't concentrate in that fight
*2 months later* Drunk wilder: well, actually i was pregnant during the fight.
Boxing Ego disliked this video 😂😂😂😂
I’m a fan of wilder but now that’s he’s coming up with these crazy excuses instead of blaming himself or saying Fury is the better boxer, is making me not want to be fan
Wilder haters  he clearly don’t know nothing breland was a crunk guy they distracted him while they did dirty shit
I believe the gloves thing is true. Watch the slomo
https://youtu.be/XN5tkvk60Ww
I actually never realized how much Luke Thomas knows about combat sports. I’m a much bigger fan of his now after this podcast and I’ll definitely pay more attention to him
Dude they Made more excuses for this guy than anybody I’ve ever seen. Take the L bro. Wilder got his kicked and I know it destroyed his perfect record but oh wel man go back and train harder
There's no evidence to back up any of Wilders claims. The gloves were fine, his team witnessed Fury's hands being wrapped and the commission signed everything off. The gloves also go back to the commission after the fight and nothing was flagged?  No evidence of his water being spiked in the post fight tests. No evidence of the dent in his skull either. No xrays, nothing.  The guy fought on his own turf, on his own network, with three American judges & an American ref that was keen to break up the clinches very quickly and even deducted Tyson points. It would be in everyone's best interest to keep the belt in the US. Still couldn't get the job done.  Fury was robbed in the first fight and came back with a different game plan in the rematch.  Wilder can't handle that he lost and its everyone's fault but his own. Facts.  The Bum Squad still eat up anything that comes out of his mouth though. Laughable.
Tyson Fury won the first fight 10 rounds to 2
Fury should never give Wilder the time of day again...wilder is a racist scumbag
Weak ego
Tyson fury is a known cheater doesnt suprise me at all that he did this
So why are they acting like  tusy fury has  never cheated befor this
Thanks for the shout out for City Gym and the guys. We are MENTLE about MMA in Kiwiville, we are a Warrior nation, just look at out rugby team the All Blacks, the most winningist team in the history of world sports, our Rugby League team called The Kiwis have been World Champs and are as tough as any players on the planet, our female Rugby team are the World Champs, and also the female Rugby League team is either the incumbent champs or were last time, it gets difficult to keep abreast of them all but my finish will be....I feel that we in New Zealand have all the ingredients to keep the MMA honors list Kiwi-fied in the near future, esp as MMA is HOT here and having Izzy and the guys improving all the time some of the young guys here will be champions, by young i mean under 15 years old and under who are being drawn in to this great sport via City Gym really and its successful fighters, im not being big headed here but if you look at ANY sport or activity, you will always see Kiwis there or there abouts on the winners podium, be it racing cars or physical events, must be something in the Lamb i guess as we have under 5 million people, when i was a kid we had under 3 million but immigration has boosted the numbers. BTW i bet $3 k on Trump, getting $2.80 about it, Stealing Monet imo, my nephew also put $1k on Trump cos of he said, You always put your money where your mouth is and you are SUPER confidant....Always liked that boy! TRUMP 2020 the election of Vision 2020 vision.
Yhall going be madd when it comes out ur writing an ima laugh like shit then watch yhall dick ride wilder
I remember when Rogan interviewing Wilder calling AJ's belts BS because he naively believed AJ was ducking. He didn't even check the many offers Wilder refused, now its come to light Rogan should acknowledge he was wrong going out on a whim speaking to thousands believing a dummy. Lol
Wbc is now asking if Tank had egg weights too, but their belt wasnt on the line🤔
Why don't they just have people in the rooms when they wrap they gloves up like a reffere  or something it only takes 2 seconds just have someone come in and watch then when they wrapping they gloves its not that hard
No lipstick today Luke?
So everyone in the comments is fine with all the evidence of that floppy ass glove? Would you get over it?
Which speaks to the fact that he was probably drugged before he ever entered the ring, he’s never looked tipsy and wobbly before the fight even started he’s always aggressive and gets right after it. He was probably still under the influence of the same drugs when he was responding saying that the costume weekend his legs. I don’t know why everybody’s hanging from Tyson Fury’s Nutsack. The man has been accused of cheating repeatedly. This is not the first time that a fighter has been drugged- straight up drugged. It happened to George foreman... I don’t know what kind of Kool-Aid Tyson fury is making but you guys are on it.
But is joe on resveratrol MNM and is intermediant fasting ? becaus i wanna have him with me doing podcast til im 130. atleast !
Y’all obviously don’t watch boxing, I would go into details but I’m not going to put my energy into it. But Fury is a fucking cheater.
we need the third for both AJ vs Ruiz and Fury vs Wilder
all yall dumb!!!!!! he did cheat !!!! gloves dont bend and knuckles dont show
Wilder making excuses TO THIS DAY!
Explain the gloves joe the point if it all is that tyson has flexible wrist 😲 or he fucking cheated excuse or not......do a 30 min video I'd love to hear the science of that wrist
Losing your 1st fight makes you think crazy things.
Ernie Shavers and Julian Jackson bro
Wilder before the rematch- 'Fury can't punch, he's got pillows for fists, he didn't hurt me at all in the first fight that's why I kept walking him down.'  Wilder after the rematch- 'Ricky Hatton tampered with Fury's glove in the 1st fight to increase the damage of his punches.'   Bull. Shit.   Edit: I'm now seeing idiots saying "Lol but fury never had any power." Dave Allen went the distance with Dilian Whyte, has sparred both Fury and Joshua, and he said that Fury can actually hit very hard when he sits down on his punches- https://boxing-social.com/news/dave-allen-fury-hardest-puncher-ive-been-in-the-ring-with/  Fury has 20 stoppage wins out  of 30 fights. And before anyone comments "Lol but Fury has only knocked out bums" how many elite fighters has Wilder knocked out other than a 40-year-old-high-blood-pressure Luis Ortiz?
Wilder still making excuses ... TILL THIS DAY!
Ashamed to have Wilder represent my country. I hope Fury embarrasses him again in devastating fashion.
Wilder is starting to act like Trump. Blaming everyone else for his own failures.
Joe is totally WRONG. There is FOOTAGE of Fury hitting Wilder with his knuckles. He tampered with his gloves and this isn't the first time he did it. He was DQ'd or NC'd for it before.
Everybody is a “great guy” according to joe
everyone knows Fury is a better boxer by far. On the other hand though, Wilder has a power off button which is absolutely insane. This man will forever have a solid chance to win, sucks he can't just say the guy beat me. I'll come back and go again
"Why don't you explain to the people at home who mark brieland is" If you get the joke your part of the NORM
I said the same about miguel cotto, but yeah lets see how this plays out.
What's even more sad is that there are YT channels that make outrageous videos sayin Fury cheated and there are so many people believe them
He's an absolute embarrassment to the sport. Throwing Breland under the bus is an utter disgrace.
I enjoy the podcasts when Joe talks about UFC or Boxing. It fascinates me I don’t really watch any other sports other than combat sports.
When he had his break was during the time that he was “suspended“ everyone’s forgetting that he’s been accused of cheating throughout his entire career. The man’s nickname is “pillow hands” if you guys can’t see that those green gloves are smashed in... (which would never happen with a pair of new gloves that haven’t been tampered with) The bottom line is you just don’t want to. Diante Wilder has never looked tipsy in the ring until the second fight.
Joe Rogan is a sellout who gave into the Liberal Millenials at Spotify.
Check out the videos of fury cheating, he has a valid point. I think he cheated both fights!
I cant wait for them to fight again !!! What you going to say when Wilder puts him to SLEEP!!!!!
Wilder making excuses like some1s nan chin’ed him out
Really good to see Joe talking with Luke Thomas.  Great points on both sides and they catalyze each other.
Wilder is making himself look stupid. I’m almost believing him and Charlie Z need a rematch haha.
Warriors don't make excuses Just take your loss & move on
I thought you guys were so unbiased but now I see that you guys aren't even bringing up Tyson fury's gloves and that he's did this with furious sparring partners this is ridiculous and ludicrous
the stuff aboutbthe weight vest and the poisoning...thats bullshit. But the glove thing....some of those pictures are suspect.
I love Wilder but we all know he can NOT fuccin box
If wilder dedicated. Few years to truly becoming a great boxer he could of been onenof the greats
John Jones the greatest MMA Champ Ever!!!!
Joe ya talking shite mate
dude got lucky he didn’t take an L in the first fight
He should stfu he lost the fight!
Really Rogan?????
Fury glove was flapping crazy af
Joe on many occasions said Joshua was clearly ducking fighting the best guys .. deontay has said he ducked aj so people really seeing how much of a bum wilder is hes completely embarrassing.  Two British champions the only two who matter in the heavyweight division ..
He also said he was injured
The only question is which excuse is the CORRECT excuse? There’s so many! Was it:  1) Fury didn’t have his fist all the way in the gloves? 2) the gloves were loaded? 3) the padding was removed from the gloves? 4) the suit was too heavy? 5) he was drugged by Breland?  Or was it all of the above? Sorry I’m just confused by the amount of excuses. It’s hard to keep up, it changes week by week. I mean ive never heard so many excuses made for one fighters defeat.
I read this as Deontay's Wild Statements Over Tyson Fury Loss  Works fine 😂
Fury is the Nimble giant. For a man pushing 300lbs his footwork is incredible. He has head movement and Feints, and a high boxing IQ.  He literally has every tool Wilder is missing.  Wilder had a great career, but Fury is a nightmare matchup.
Clearly not a real champion, trying to find every excuse. Not to mention his trainer possibly saving his life or long term well being. He will never be a champion again with this losers attitude
Wilder got his ass kicked, bad, he had to come with some excuses because he's never been manhandled  like that, im sure he wants to believe it was something especially when he trained hard and he had his ass handed to him, Tyson Fury doesn't get the respect he deserves just like ali he always has backed up what his mouth has spewed out, he is the greatest heavy weight since ali he not one dimensional he can box he can brawl he can fight as a southpaw or a rightie, let's give credit where credit is due fury is everything he's said he is he is the linear heavy weight champion and Joshua is avoiding the confrontation, Fury will unify the heavyweight weight championship belts he will be the undisputed linear heavyweight champion of the world and after the beating wilder took he's nuts to want to get back into the ring with him because now there's the mental doubt in his head that comes with a beating like that Tyson owns him now and the rematch will be the last fight of Wilder's  career, after this he won't have any heart left nor will he have any excuses Fury will hurt him permanently this time and the fight won't go half the distance of the last one but, actions speak louder than words unless your name is Ali or Fury the two that have always backed up the shit talk they have spewed out, Tyson Fury isn't some great white hope, he already is and thats what people have to understand and they better acknowledge and respect that fact that he didn't get to where he is now by being less than extraordinary! Excuses are just like opinions that are just like assholes everyone has one before and after a fight with Tyson Fury, the world thought the Russian klitsko was unbeatable and Tyson ended him permanent just he will end wilder permanent its in his lineage, he was born for this one purpose he didn't come about by accident
Love to see Usyk vs wilder for a Joshua released belt then winner gets winner of fury vs Joshua
Wilder is an embarrassment to the sport
Im a boxer n i can fuckin tell u that tyson fury is a great fighter but i feel like 100 percent he cheated in this fight there's so much undeniable evidence in the first n second fight that shows how he cheated this isnt the first time he's been busted for cheating he got busted for being on peds for the kiltchsko fight then goes to retirement to hide away from the spotlight of him getting exposed then in one of his fights he got caught by the red with a messed up glove.. idunno but once a cheater always a cheater.. how can a glove bend that fuckin way when throwing a jab n how the fuck is wilder head dented from fists when one of furys sparring partners busted him for having those eg weights in his gloves come on for u guys to not cover this in a better spot light except having two guys who dont know shit about boxing having them comment on this.. just fucked up
Im a fan joe. Im seriously disappointed in you. Wait for the next fight. If you cant see that bs was a set up. Idk what else to say except wow
Wilder has a 1:5 loss to excuse ratio.
These guys are spitting misinformation 🤦
A career-ending cherry-pick-gone-wrong.
Most delusional man in boxing.
Despite not watching this episode i'd just like to say how outraged and offended I was by it.
Joe should also talk about Anthony Joshua and how wilder admittedly turned down a fight with him. Previously joe mentioned that he doesn’t understand why Joshua is avoiding wilder if he thinks he is the best and whatnot. It’s a shame how Joshua is so misunderstood in the states. He is not as respected as he should be.
Show us 1 statement where he said 40lb wore him out? Show us an interview or something else. As far as the gloves are concerned, Multiple boxing experts proved wilders side right & TMT (wilders biggest haters for a long time) even came out and backed him.
Only thing that bugs me is he calls himself a warrior a soldier. Now I'm ex infantry this ain't a soldier mind or actions .
But Joe Rogan was hyping up Wilder and trashing AJ before the fight. Joe Rogan is an idiot. He is not much smarter than Wilder.
No excuse rogan it is real you know it too by being sooo close to this type of environment/industry.. they literally tried to kill him in the ring.. Fury has done this 3 times almost got disqualified for it.. the dude was too confident in what was going on.. he didnt drop wilder in the first cause he wasnt drugged & didnt have the weights that left a dent in his head which never happend in the first fight... loser champion Hatton got caught pulling the glove on camera
This soy boy doesn’t understand competition at the highest level.... throw the towel in... gtfo here, this isn’t one of your dungeon and dragon gAmes..
Furry’s gloves look suspect in the pictures.
if somebody hits you with a brick and the evidence is there, and they won...you gonna call that a fair W. its not about taking your L. its about whats fair. if wilder did that everybody would be like hes trash but yall are championing someone who cheating and allow evidence to be recorded.
Wilder won the first fight
The excuses are embarrassing
wilder really needs to become a better sportsman and just except the fact fury was better fighter- its really embarrassing and should consider retiring and consider playing  ⚽️ big pussy
My trainer poisoned my water has gotta be up there in the all time worst boneheaded excuses 🤣
Wilder has killed his credibility. I used to like him, but these excuses are pathetic and embarrassing. Fury won fair and square. Also Mark Breland saved him from brain damage and gets treated this badly is a disgrace
He's coming up with excuses TILL THIS DAYHHH. TILLL THIS DAYHHH
Is this the Texas studio?
That was one of the most satisfying ass kicking I've ever seen
yes fury is the better boxer in my opinion. but lets look ant talk about the evidence with the gloves. look at the pics. its actually crazy how fury's hand wasnt in his glove..... go back and look
40lb vest true fury gloves wasn't wright true I don't know bout mark with the water but fury was on some steroids too them same ones Billy joe took it's for endurance in it leaves the body in like 24hr
Ppl are acting like Deontay Wilder is not asking for the fight
Deontay wilder got out boxed so hard, we don't need to hear any excuses because everyone who watched the fight saw what happened.
Wilder is the typical bully , hes ok when hes dishing it out. But when somebody's bigger and stronger and bullies them , they don't know what to do
Boxing been dirty long time.....
Wilder got beat. But Tyson be cheating with the gloves.
Wilder is everything wrong with America in terms of its worst aspects. Such a pathetic creature. So glad I was always a Fury fan. His story of overcoming mental health is close to my heart.
deontay also accused joshua of ducking him, but recently said he was offered more to fight joshua than to fight fury. what a fool
Are we going to ignore that in the video he pretty much confirms be avoided and ducked Joshua offer for more money to fight Tyson. But no we are going to bash Joshua still when Wilder confirmed he ducked Joshua
"We'd like to have Tyson Fury back on the podcast but unfortunately, he won't fit in the studio". - Joe Rogan
Fury Battered him! No ifs or buts. I'll look forward to Fury vs AJ and I think Fury will win that fight too, although probably closer than the Wilder fight.
Wilder NEVER said that his vest was too heavy and if you find an article or video point me to it because no one heard or seen HIM say that .  Why doesn’t anyone mention his steroid use ? Or being suspended for it ? Why don’t we talk about how King Kong Ortiz couldn’t finish wilder but fury did ? Who was the last person fury knocked out before wilder ? Fury got knocked down by a cruiserweight . Plus the wbc who just accused gervonta of cheating backed margarito when he cheated , now they’re backing tyson . Wont even look into it, But deep diving on gervonta Davis glove signatures .
Earnie Shavers copy that
Y’all a bunch of clowns in these comments smh
Did you look at the video. Of Tyson fury. They just don't want to go against the power to be
That’s what happens when you’re surrounded by yes men who set up a line of soup cans for Wilder to knock over and than congratulated him like he was Ali when he did it. Fury beat him like he stole money out his momma’s purse for 14 out of 19 rounds and he wants a 3rd fight 🤦🏼‍♂️🤦🏼‍♂️😂😂
There’s evidence that Fury previously tampered with his gloves during a fight before and he’s been known to take illegal substances banned from boxing. Now ask yourself how did Fury produce a dent in the side of Wilders head when he’s not a power puncher of any kind. How did Fury make Wilder bleed from his ear? When have we ever seen a boxer bleed from the ear? Never. That only happens when you get hit with a blunt object like Tyson Fury’s knuckles not his gloves.
no more sympathy votes for fury plz
This guy sounds unbelievably like Bert Kreischer
Before this controversy... nobody wanted to see the 3rd fight.. Now people do. Could just be a PR stunt to get some traction. Seems to be working too
Loading and looking somebody Shavers you say
I got a crazy theory... Fury is a better boxer
First response of a coward: make excuses, turn the only man who had a clear head about your safety into a scapegoat and blame him for your loss. Deontay is the opposite of a Champion...when met with adversity he crumbled. Then made a list of excuses why he lost. None of which were the truth. Fury was the better fighter that night.
Please somebody point me in the direction of the video where Wilder “HIMSELF” out of his mouth said that he lost because of his 40lb costume or weights or that his water was poisoned.
Every body is up in here talking trash about wilder without being in his shoes if he says these reasons let him talk because none of u guys fought Tyson fury and also Tyson furry was caught recently by a guy in a gym who checked his gloves he had no padding and had a egg weight in his gloves the  guy is a cheat anyway check ur facts I know that I did
Everyone is GANGSTA until he put 40 pounds dress.
I think wilder is putting ball this out to generate interest in the 3rd fight. He was so comprehensively beaten up there would be no interest in a 3rd fight otherwise. I assume this rather than assume he is out of his mind. 😉
You need to do more research before you pick sides
That boxing glove excuse sounds crazy but look it up does look suspicious how Fury punches with the side of his glove.
Whelp, looks like I'm watching Ernie Shavers highlights. Vote 🔥
Listening to this guy trips me out because he sounds just like Bert Kriescher
The only reason he brought up the weight of his robe was because he was drugged before the walk he felt and that's why his robes were feeling heavy. And c'mon did you even look at the glove video before you dropped this video clip.
We wuz kangz- Deontay Wilder
Joe "that's a real weight" Rogan
It's impossible to have a shred of respect for Wilder at this point. Have some honor and take the loss.
"I'd rather play the part than look the part"  *my costume was too heavy*
Breland threw in the towel a few punches too late it seems.
Joe .  Show me a wrist that bends 90 degree's on a right angle in a boxing glove.   Otto wallin .  Where was his power ? Or any fight.     He wasnt fighting depression.  He was hiding from his drug cheating .     Joe u know fighting stop this pls .   Same u said about lomo .  Best fighter ever lived .  Er he lost is 2nd or 3rd fight . As pro . Not including the 3 he lost in the tournament as a pro .   Pls check fight facts .   While your there watch Christian hammer tyson fury
Deontay “excuses till this day” Wilder
Pride. That’s it.
This guest is good... He Practiced🤦🏾‍♂️
Shame wilder cannot accept that he just lost......actually he got taken to school and showed he's very amateurish as a boxer at this level.
For you all see the video of Tyson gloves I think not y'all crazy
worst guest in JRE history?
Man, it's amazing I survived 3 years in Iraq wearing a bullet proof vest for days on end at times + all my other gear.
The lock down has driven most of us crazy ................but Deotay takes it to a new level ;-)
Foreman was the same after Ali beat him in Zaire,like his ego could not process the fact that he was beaten.
It's clear, Deontay Wilder is a sore loser, but I'm still a fan!
I wish wilder took his loss in a humble way cuz regardless of his excuses he’s still one of the best heavyweight champion of all time cuz he’d get the respect a champion deserves . I think he should come back on the podcast and explain himself
DISGRACEFUL HOW THE MAN WHO SAVED HIS LIFE IS STILL GETTING TREATED , THAT TRAINER WAS THE ONLY MAN IN THAT STADIUM BRAVE ENOUGH & SMART ENOUGH TO SEE WHAT WAS HAPPENING & WHERE IT WAS GOING , THE MOST RESPECTED MAN IN THAT HOLE TEAM! & WAS LEFT IN THE HALLWAY IN TEARS BEEN BANNED FROM SEEN DEONTAY BY ONE OF HIS SO CALLED BOYS WHO WAS THE ONE STANDING IN FURYS DRESSING ROOM WHILE THE GLOVES WHERE BEEN WRAPPED THIS IS NOT HOW WE THREAT AN INTELLIGENT LEGEND IN BOXING , DEONTAY WOULD HAVE LEFT IN A BODYBAG IF IT WAS LEFT UP TO EVERYONE ELSE THAT NIGHT! TOTAL DISGRACE HOW HE HAS BEEN TREATED #GodBlessMarkBreland
Very simply, and what everyone is missing here... Mark Breland saves Wilder’s career. Deontay too dumb to realise. The only way that fight was going to end up was Wilder flat out on on his face, arse up in the air. If that happened, imagine the pics across all media. Career over. Breland, saved that from happening.
if only Wilder works on his left hand maaan.....Double_ing up on the jab ....that lead left hook like slip the right dip low ....Bam left hook..like Mike Tyson or justin Gaethji for example ...early on in his career all he had was that right hand and then later on in his career against Tony he showed the power of his left hook ......OR Wilder can use that lead uppercut like connor does ...people are so terrified of his right hand they don't focus on the left as  much as they do on his right....
It’s not like he wasn’t caught cheating before 😂😂😂😂 you guys are clowns so take the mandatory rematch then
#JusticeForMarkBreland
Dressed up like a glittery pillock, got his arse kicked in the ring and then talked so much shit afterwards he's made himself look like a massive  bellend.  What a knobhead.
Fury is a once in a generation boxer. ..no-one touches him in the division totally outclassed wilder ....wilder will find himself in court if he's not careful ....he's accused fury,Hatton, breland, the referee and the navada commission of corruption ....aren't there any libel laws in the states?
Wilder said “no excuses!” Yet after a loss, gives a Santa list of them 😭
So nobody think Tyson cheated
So your saying it’s not possible fury cheated
So make excuses for Tyson Fury but none for Deonte?
He fought well the first time,it was a draw, said the 3 blind mice.
I’m really not feeling the backdrop it looks really dark and gloomy kind of depressing.
Wilder coming out with number1 bullshit
The gloves are mad sketchy
At last a guy with a fkn brain 🧠👏
Fury’s own sparring partner accused him of cheating
Y'all obviously didn't listen to the full interview he never blamed the custom at all. Why y'all keep saying he said he life is a little over Board. Maybe y'all should listen to the interview before speaking on it. Stop getting y'all info from Espn who own Fury and best to say and do the bullshit they do. Once they got into boxing I stop fucking with them on boxing
MAGA!!!!!!!
The Vest, The Gloves, The Water.... A Deontay Wilder story
Wilder is smoking the best crack in the whole world !
Fury Cheated!
Deontay is so immature he ain't gonna realise what a dick he was until he's in his 60's.
Luke Thomas is annoying
A lot of people owe AJ an apology here. Not only has wilder in his statement exposed his lies about ducking deontay which anyone with their head straight should've seen anyway. But look at the differences in handling their losses
I had so much respect for Wilder when he came to my attention 2 or 3 years ago, but he's just pissed it all away. He got found out by Fury and has just not accepted it. He's lost the Fury fight about 10 times now.
Imagine a samurai complaining he lost because his armor was too heavy.
I bet money with like 10 different people here in America. So many people thought Tyson was going to lose. I knew for a fact Tyson was going to win he went into that first fight in horrible condition into mean basically won. It was so obvious that he was going to win the rematch. I’m just glad so many people thought otherwise because it was good for me financially LOL
The fact that the Tyson Fury cheating thing didn't get more attention was ridiculous. You could see the glove flop cuz his fist wasn't in it. I didn't wanna believe it either.
I honestly think Wilder has been going more and more crazy for years now. These excuses are almost paranoid schizophrenia levels of craziness and every interview you hear of him he speaks like he’s the second coming of god and always quoting scripture and bringing up what his “Mama” said.. Bro... he’s going insane.
Look his gloves did look a bit suspect
The vest did not weigh no 40 lb lol we live in a era which we can make shit like that lightweight af. And batteries weighing too much ??? Lol led batteries weigh like 5 grams lmao  Dude can’t take an L obviously has too many yes men in his team
this guy sounds like bert kriescher without the alcohol
Uhh ohh.. Joes apart of the fake media.. he obviously knows Fury Cheated.. there no stopping it and you just added to the history of your bad calls or what I think your doing.. straight up lieing.. smh
Was he forced to wear that apparent heavy outfit tho....
Joe rogan sucks after this show i always thought he was a rasist anyway an dude next to him bin a rasist This channel is banned in holland from now
Deontay won the 1st fight. The judge  started counting about 3 seconds to late.
Tyson was a fucking beast a beat his ass and Wilder cant take the loss. I used to love both of them but now I'm glad Fury gave him that whopping
His suit weight vest should get the title opportunity.
Wilder's character is dissapointing.
Who watched the first fight??? Fury beat him twice! If it wasn't for the knockdown let's be honest fury won would have won 100%
All the people that believe he did cheat by slipping his glove.... I mean by now you must be aware that happened in their first fight so why do you continue to push that narrative, it's like you are trying really hard to get people to believe a lie for your Boy Wilder, do you not think you are taking it a bit far by now, that's like some bitch shit.
Fury was right, Wilder is a bum, and he's only ruining his legacy not Fury's. Also look at how AJ to his L to Ruiz. He took that L humbly, he learned, he came back, no excuses. That's how an athlete should act. I feel Fury would be the same as AJ too
Idk man I watched a video of the fight that showed the theory of the glove being pulled down low and it seemed pretty legit
Fury "the Gypsy King" put it on him no doubt 2nd fight and stood up to his punches in the 1st fight .Now Wilder got nothing but excuses and talk.  But Fury/wilder 3 will end all the talk.
So why did the gloves look so crazy. Haven’t heard the explanation
Fury glove were waiving like the american flag and yes fury definitely cheated and has been caught doing the same thing before
Wilder was always a shielded and fake heavy weight chump
why don't yall look at the evidence of the gloves?  "chris.taner said so". www.mygoldenarm.com
If Joe Rogan wants to bring someone to talk boxing, please bring on Floyd Mayweather
Fury cheated
Refusing to learn how to lose will make Wilder a worse fighter.
Why is joe lying😒easily provable he was punching him bare knuckle
If your not a real boxing fan you won't get it.. If you haven't seen all the evidence you won't get it..  Tyson Fury's gloves were definitely tampered with.. you can see his fingers through the gloves... On top of it all there is loads of info and multiple video that you can find on youtube of Tyson Fury being caught doing the same thing in other fights.. do your own research.. His sparring partner caught him and released footage... And he's been caught by a referee before a fight even started..
.... but did y’all see Tyson’s gloves tho?
I wish they would play some of the floppy glove clips and explain why it appears that way instead just defaming Wilder. whether he's wrong or not, atleast play the clip because its obvious something if up with the gloves but Boxing as a Whole is Corrupt. its like UEFA
My buddy boxes and he told me to bet tyson fury tko (5 to 1 odds) The second he saw fury changed coaches and weigh in heavier I put a whopping  5 dollars because I was scared still lol  Should have gone up on that one for sure
Muscles don't mean power. Muscles slow your punches down and doesn't generate power. It's always the skinny guys that pack a punch. They just fling that shit.
Yall are so delusional smh crazy.... just dismissed the obvious evidence lame as hell
Wilder is a basket case,,,haillll the Gypsy  King!!
Let's be honest he was beaten twice by fury the judges gave a terrible decision .
Wilder hadn't fought anyone really good until he fought Fury. He was constantly outboxed by mediocre opposition. In Fury he found someone with a solid chin,   better skills and a plan and got found out.
So no one here has seen the pictures of the gloves?
I love Deontay but he needs to just take that L and get in the best shape ever for the rematch
Ima Fan of both Fighters but Deontay can't box & But on the other hand that Glove thing kindam of weird because if u actually see the gloves, u can tell hus hand wasnt fully in it by the way the wraps were out
Man, I wish he hadn't thrown that towel either.  I would've loved to watch the rest of that beatdown.
the glove thing is very much real tho
Dude just pick 1 excuse x)
Wilder is meant to be a father. His kids must be ashamed of his lies!
Fury won both fights. Cmon Joe.
Till this day Wilder sucks
"dumb power" that sums up Deontay Wilder perfectly! A moron with a powerful right.
Booomb Squaaad we in the building!!! It's a unbelievable amount of hate in here.
bra it's true what he said
Off topic but this guy sounds juST like Bert Kreischer
Joe is incorrect I believe.  Listen here : https://youtu.be/wp_R0WMRhzk
Wilder is not even close to the badest man on the planet. Francis Ngannu is tho
Tyson fury cheated this is not the 1st time ..joe is mainstream media now pushing a narrative
Probably the worst Joe rogan Podcast I've ever heard
Did Joe not see the Fury fucked up gloves? Wilder lost but those gloves...
That first fight wasn't no gah damn draw. Fury whooped his ass at least 9 rounds out of those 12. That's not a draw by any measure.
If he Deonte was getting hit with egg weights wouldn't they be glad that Breland stop the fight these people make no sense
Man, gotta be honest; I was sorta siding with Wilder till I heard these CRAZY conspiracy theories...
I usually don't comment on Rogan videos , because who's going to see it anyways? However, the Fury glove issue has been going on for months now. Some very prominent fighters, to INCLUDE Fury's own sparring partners, have accused him of cheating. If anything, a lot of people were questioning as to why Deontay's camp was being so silent.    Before you watch Rogan videos, type in the YouTube search bar, "Mayweather Tyson Fury cheat glove controversy". As far as the egg weights and water poisoning..I have no idea what the fuck Wilder is talking about.
Deontay Wilder's a punk with a strong right! He doesn't deserve these fights against professionals!
IDK why I expected  Joe Rogan to be honest about this, AGAIN the prejudice just Ooozes through your skn being a white male i understand you HAVE to push an agenda. Even understanding that, it still sucks :(
Wilder was never a true champion cannot even lose gracefully. Look at the difference between how he and Joshua took their losses. AJ at the end of the match he lost said "dont talk to me it is his time now". He made no excuses and just went back to the drawing board and came back with a way to beat his opponent.
Joe finally wearing a Rollie?
I wanna go out on my shield.
Im a warrior.
The glove thing is actually true
Till this day. Till this day.
In all honesty, Fury's glove was floppy...and I don't know why. It's very suspicious.
He didnt beat Klitchko either...cheathed him as well...PISSED DIRTY AND THEN QUIT...U DUDES R HILARIOUS....MAINLY ROGAN SOMEBODY THAT COMES FROM COMBAT AND SHOULD BE OPPOSED TO CHEATING...WAT A DICC HEAD
TO/TILL THIS DAY! TO/TILL THIS DAY! TO/TILL THIS DAY!
He just Salty.
You want to talk boxing get Gareth a Davies on how rogan
Took a cab voted line at the tale end 1 and a half hours WORTH https://youtu.be/LYU-8IFcDPw IT
Bro at least take a look at the edvidence
Wilder is a narcicest. NOTHING is EVER the narcissists fault.
This guy sounds like bert krisher
Why is it that all of tyson furys sparring partners caught him loading his gloves W/ EGG WEIGHTS
Wilder cant just face the fact the fury us the better boxer with a good chin... Wilder lucky first fight fury didnt train hard
Notice how AJ took no excuses and Wilder has multiple.
Fury broke him like he said he's do
Wilder got smashed so bad I think he might have brain damage. He is a deluded low IQ disgrace of a former champion. His record was all smoke and mirrors - he smashed more bums than Elton John. Ducked all the top guys including Joshua. The only reason he fought Fury the first time was because Fury had been out of the ring for 3 years and totally out of shape having gained weight, abused drink and drugs - and he still lost. He never thought Fury would take it to him in the second fight. Then after getting destroyed he's silent for 8 months until the rematch clause expires before he has the courage to speak up. FACTS
How is the glove disproved you can clearly see them bending all the way back to his wrist?
Very poor take on this Joe shame on you brother
For people who don't follow boxing. Allow me to introduce the REAL hardest P4P hitting puncher in boxing history! https://youtu.be/2emS52tdINY
It was the wrong call. Wilder told his team not to throw in the towel ever
And he said he could beat prime Mike Tyson !!
whatever was happening it was CLEAR - Deontay wasn't himself that fight, you could see it.
Btw fury won the first game as well!
Totally agree with the ridiculous conspiracy theories from Wilder but for fecks sake you've just given 3 hours to Alex Jones!
Stopped listening when they claimed Ortiz had great pedigree. Wilder has only ever knocked out nobodies.  Ortiz has not beaten a single elite fighter.
As big a loser as Wilder is...the people that believe his bullshit are even worse. Wilder got his ass took by a white boy and that’s why the idiot is finding it so hard to deal with so he resorts to coming up with all these bullshit stories like he’s in elementary school. This is so embarrassing
HE NEVER SAID A FUCCIN THING ABOUT THE SUIT WAS TOO HEAVY
Agree with what they say about throwing feints in striking , watch fury’s fight against wlad he basically won the fight by constantly throwing feints and keeping wlad on the back foot  , Tyson is the best in the game in this department
Amazing... Taking words or so called excuses "out of context," shame on you. Another wonder is the pass that Fury gets, despite being busted prior to Wilder for tampering with gloves, being busted by sparring partners for tampering with gloves, being busted for steroid use, etc, drug abuse, allegations, smells and walks like a cheater. Now tucking his tail to avoid his contractual agreement for the trilogy after being busted once again. If Wilder is such an easy opponent what is Fury's hesitation??? U can run Fury but you can't hide...Peace and Blessings.
Great way to describe Kronk Gym. They are very comparable to Shoot -a-box the former famous MMA Gym in Brazil. I seen so many gym Wars just in sparring at Kronk..Sparring was a big part of the gym...They were killers too...Emanuel Stewart had some amazing stories.
The Sean O'Malley of boxing... what a disgrace
The best comeback is to knockout fury (in a boxing match)
Tyson cheated end of discussion
Fury bost his head in plain and simple 😁
Joe love your show  but cut the shit  explain Fury's  gloves Bro, you make excuses all the time for fighters you like!!! And i like Fury more than  Wilder but there's way to many irregularities and mitigating circumstances...
Honestly bro... Wilder is the most ignorant, uneducated acting man in sports. On top of that, he is entirely surrounded by ass kissing idiots that continue to build him up in a way that doesn't support his skills which are lame when it comes to the fundamentals of boxing.
What killed Wilder’s legs was a 6’9 275 pound gypsy leaning on him and punching him in the head.
To anyone who ever said Bombsquad RIP
Tyson Fury was/is a crackhead... Fury is a cheater... Evidence proves it... Sugar Hill teaches him how to cheat and Joey Spencer has said he was taught how to cheat from The Kronk Gym... I want to challenge Joe Rogan on this
Deontay should thank his trainer for throwing in the towel. Otherwise he might not have been fighting for a long long time. Instead he accuses him of poisoning his water.. 😅 laughable.
How can you still not say tyson won the first fight?  Every other boxer and expert say he won
Fury gave him a lesson in boxing no amount of crying is gonna change that suck it up and move on because fury is still giving you a beating without being in the ring
I don't think wilder expects anyone to fight any way. It's clear he is just 100% relying that he hits them with that right hand and that's it. Obviously that didn't work this time and it's pretty pathetic that he can't accept the loss because the only way to grow is to learn from your losses and that's not an option when you're in denial.
3:20 spot on, that's exactly what Tyson said yesterday in an interview... he said he realised in the 12 after the heavy Knock down that when he started being the aggressor that Wilder couldn't fight when being backed up... Fury said at that moment he new how to beet Wilder and proved it in the second fight... if you go back to the build up to the second fight you'll see that Fury said he's going to take it to Wilder and be the aggressor and no one took Fury seriously... the out come ses it alll 👌
You could tell before this fight that wilders ego is out of control. So bad that he can’t even admit a loss
i don't know about a bunch of the other stuff, but i did see those gloves and they look sus as fuck.
Sorry Joe politically correct Rogan...gloves don't flop around like that in boxing...it's on film 🤔and your talking to the least informed analyst in the history of combat sports.
Love this
Wilder is a terrible boxer with an amazing ko punch. He swings wildly like a drunk woman at Walmart fighting over toilet paper
let's not forget Fury has already been caught cheating and has been banned from fighting in England
Joe Rogan always video analyse a controversial issue. He didn't do it on this occasion.
This guys sounds like Bert
We keep hearing more and more excuses from him I wonder what’s next. Worst champion in history hands down.
“Maybe tyson furys fucking awesome” I like this fellow
those gloves were funny. stop the bullshit joe
Can’t believe I never heard of the 2nd fight until now...
This just exposes wilders mentality. He might be physically strong but he’s extremely weak overall.   His ego won’t let this one loss go.
GET FORREST GALANTE ON AGAIN!!!
Yall don't think its weird his gloves were floppy on the top and impact in the middle of glove?? I mean it definitely weird and very abnormal. There's videos all over YouTube. Even floyd Mayweather spoke up about it. Joe rogan isn't even a boxer
Joe loves talking about men's pic and how they look 😂 so sus
I wonder how his Skull got dented?
Damn Joe, you put out alot of lies just now and I'm a fan of the show
Look at the pictures
CTE
The glove thing was true
Huge tyson fury fan, but Joe's right, despite all this, wilder is a great guy for doing that for his daughter, can only respect that.
Wilder is boxing’s Kanye west
The dent on The side of Wilder’a head is so bad, that if he lay his head down sideways, you could fill it with Frosties and milk.
Yay hes back to his deal figures w that new texas mansion and he still makes bank from his old vids on yt
More excuses than Hunter & Joe Biden
Bruh they got the evidence that he cheated, glove flailing in the air, he’s already got caught for cheating in the past, and his trainer exposed him as well
He will get booed  when they next fight. He should be humble in defeat. Fury gave him a huge L.
Wilders wild ass lies! You lost man! Came out looking like a joke and stumbled away in the same manner!
Sorry joe don’t use Spotify and still won’t
I understand some of the excuses is making is wild but it is clear that he was cheating with the glove. Did y'all forget Fury tested for PEDs?
Wilder is a disgrace to the worlds best Combat sport. He should go be an mma fighter because he is a poor excuse for a boxer. Lots of people who couldn’t cut it in boxing made a career in mma
what an embarrassment of a man. he got battered and humiliated fair and square. hes a broken man probably with TBI. the new jermaine taylor.  my outfit was too heavy.... my water was drugged....the ref was against me.... the gloves were doctored (despite inspections by the commission and is own team before and after the fight)......fury has pillow fists but manages to dent his head..... what a delusional moron. the real problem with the gloves is that they had furys fists in them! Be a man and take the L.
Fury definitely cheated do y’all research
He never said the suite thing. Pure Alex Jones.
The only good excuse is his trainer for calling the fight it was a belt fight Im sure Tyson fury was willing to go toe to toe with deontay but deontay got fkd up and now hes got all these excuses
Sore losers
Poison water??? That’s a new one
Im used to the studio now...
TYSON FURY DID CHEAT!!! That’s a FACT OF LIFE!!!! PLEASE DO YOUR RESEARCH!!!
Too much evidence against Fury. Not sure how Breland is involved but Tyson obviously cheated.
Here’s what I think, Wilder after having a draw in the first place should have woke him and he should’ve cleaned his style up get a new camp or choose a different style of training, but he didn’t he figured because of his wild style ( no pun intended) he would still be undefeated, but the thing is Tyson Fury had learned and had adapted and he overcame, Also wilder is making excuses about his loss instead of reflecting on what went wrong and how to fix it.
The extended glove was the 1st fight, Fury's left glove. In the rematch Fury's right glove looked deflated. The pictures clearly show this.. Also he's been caught doing the extended glove trick in a previous fight. A ref caught him. He's been caught using PEDs in 2016. He's a known cheater and to dismiss this claim just shows extreme bias.
This is just sad. Joe Rogan saying Tyson fury cheating has been proven untrue. Where, when? There are all kinds of people exposing this man for his cheating in both fights yet no investigation has taken place by any WBC commission. It's also sad how the WBC tried to accuse Tank Davis of cheating on their twitter account after his deserved win and then take the post down once Tank got wind of it and responded to it with facts to debunk the rumor. I used to respect you Joe but this does it for me. Your logically reasoning is jaded and you can dismiss allegations so easily from a man that has had a history of cheating when a man life was on the line. This dude got knocked down twice in the first fight and still managed to cheat himself to a draw. Ya;; so called boxing fans should be ashamed of how y'all playing the race card so hard yet accuse everyone of the same when all we tryna do is establish justice.Disgraceful. Deontay Wilder was on your show before so why make these statements about him and not talk to him yourself. Trash Podcast
Well there goes any chance of Wilder coming back on JRE, although his boxing career is probably over anyway
Clicked so fast
Wilders got more excuses than elite wins on his resume
Better argument for wilder would be bearing all that weight from fury in the clinch not the stupid costume.
Wilder lost straight tf up. Cry me a river.
Tyson Fury has won every single belt there is to win in boxing, he dethroned the dominant unified Klitschko in a technical master class, fell into depression, obesity, drugs and almost suicide for 3 years. Wilder laughed at him on social media and said he could never come back. Fury started training again, turned it all around and just over a year later took Wilder's WBC belt in an absolute beat down performance that 45 men before him could never do to Wilder. Tyson Fury is the greatest of this era and will one day be remembered as one of the all time heavyweight greats. He has personality, flare in the ring, style, technical skill, agility, size. He comes from a background of living in caravans in Britain too, a background known for hard but respectful bare Knuckle boxing too, such a legend. Wilder just needs to stop blaming everyone and just accept that Fury has more to his game as a heavyweight, it happens.
New Zealand isn't a tiny island lmao, we're the same size as the whole UK.
Jon Jones is a good example of a big guy that doesn’t hit hard. Izzy and Anderson are smaller version of Jon that hit hard
Tysons the best heavy weight in the world. Wilder has 1% of furys ability and talent. Not in the same league!!!
Lol it’s starting to get really pathetic from wilder
I thought Joe Rogan was real until I watched this video. Don't speak on the situation if you don't know all the facts.  Ricky Hatton was on video pulling Fury's gloves down. That nigga cheated.  Another great white exposed.
We had forgotten about that L but thanks for reminding us how embarrassing it was 😂 he should have just rode the COVID-19 wave and come back stronger
The Glove argument is valid in my opinion
I will be so pissed if they do not make a movie about Fury, it would have everything coming back from a mental hell and drug abuse to fighting for the world heavyweight belt and getting robbed to then having a second fight and just destroying a fighter that had never lost and what an ending nearly the whole stadium singing along with him to American pie. Its almost unbelievable yet it really happened. There's a video on you tube titled whole stadium sings along with fury and they should use that real footage at the end just to remind everyone watching that it's real. (edit) here's link to that vid. https://youtu.be/roZdrv5AP64
He got his ass beat plain and simple. Accept defeat like a man and stop making excuses.
Black excuses matter
Wilder is going down as the biggest clown in boxing history. He’s making the most excuses ever. Wilder and the LDBC are the most delusional people in boxing.
Did he just call Australia a tiny island
now he saying the ref we drunk
“Easily provable”   I don’t know.. some of the video is pretty undeniable js
Tired of hearing about Wilder, he got his ass whooped period
Tyson fury is a cheater no doubt . Iv seen his vids of his gloves not being on proper and bashing people with no padding . SLOW MOTION DOESNT LIE YOU CAN SEE IT PLAIN AS DAY... DEONTAY Just SUCKS
I’m gonna be honest, if wilder trained with Kronk I’d think it would’ve benefited Wilders Boxing skills by a milestone
Most annoying MMA reporter ever
Wilder needs to retire 🤣🤣🤣
Its pretty obvious furys gloves were fxcked up
Joe gets it spot on everytime...Gypsy King!!!!!
I use to like wilder 🤦🏻‍♂️
Tyson Fury is an reckless young man and if he wasnt guilty he would be making a complete mockery of wilder.  Its common sense
Vow Wilder is stupider than I thought
You're talking absolutely rubbish have you had a look at the videos and look at the gloves there's a good excuse what the hell are you talking about I used to have respect for you
Not only is Tyson Fury fucking huge....He fought him weighing almost 60 POUNDS more than Wilder
Sounds a bit like Wilder may have suffered a brain injury during the defeat 🤪
Where are the subtitle? I m italian
This won’t age well.
The real question is. How good is Otto Wallin???
White people really believe Tyson Fury hits that hard.  He dosent
Is Wilder going through the menopause?
Wilder has no legs. No thick knee joints, like a welterweight. U can see how he got pushed around so easily. And he was always off balance when he threw a right hand. And also doesn't take a punch well. His legs get like rubber. He is all done. Expised. And he fought sll bums. Check there record's
You can see that fury's gloves weren't on correctly...a blind man can see that...and explain the dent in wilder's head. I don't give a fuck what nobody says that boy wilder looked off at the start of round 1. Stop being biased and just pay attention. Plus when has fury ever been a power puncher. He got kitten 🐾..the boy can't knock out ah fly
Hate the new studio...looks off sounds off!
This was a long time coming. ALL Wilder had going for him was his reach and that nuclear right hand. He has absolutely zero fundamentals, no lateral movement, garbage legs, doesn't throw combinations, doesn't actually make USE of his reach to neutralize opponents with the jab, literally all he does is lose every round until he gets that right hand off, and that only works against a certain level of competition. Who was his best fight before Fury? An ancient Ortiz who was battling high blood pressure? Stiverne, the winner of a vacant title? When you go up against someone with the ring IQ and technical know-how of Fury and all you know how to do is throw your right like a fucking windmill, you're gonna get embarrassed. Even against a less-than-stellar Fury Wilder lost almost every round, and Fury took that nuclear shot only to get back up and fucking bully Wilder for the remainder of the round.  Fury wins 10 out of 10 fights. I'm a big proponent of the "puncher's chance", but with such a massive skill gap I don't even think Wilder has that. And I wouldn't even say that all of this is a bad thing if he would just shut the fuck up and take his loss like a man instead of inventing steadily more insane conspiracy theories.
For Joe Rogan to boldly lie and say that in the first fight Fury's gloves weren't on improperly is insane. It's on camera. Especially considering Fury has been accused of cheating several times. And why tf is there a dent in Wilers head? Like wtf lol.
Sad, but he's nuts.  I'm an avid boxing fan, and yeah, what Joe says...
He's a human boxer!
Dominant against who??Hard against who??Ortiz 50+ and wilder cherry 🍒 picked all through his career  , wilder is a fraud
Fury clearly roided for fight hence he isn’t as loud as usual
When you're good at making excuses, it's hard to excel at anything else.
wilder couldnt land a sucker punch on the living legend ...Charlie. what the fuck u gonna do with an elite fighter
Never mentioned the fact he was suicidal bc he got caught with steroids and cheating before but ok
Go look at his gloves 😂😂😂
Mark Breland was an 84 Olympic Gold Metalist and was a 2 time WBA welterweight champ, never a 2 division champ.  Breland won the WBA title in 86 or 87 from Harold Vorbricht(sp?) and then lost it in 87 via 11 round knockout to Marlon Starling.  Breland would capture the WBA title again on February 4th 1989 KOing Seung Soon Lee in :54 seconds of the first round, the title was vacated by Tomas Molinaries, who knocked out Marlon Starling on July 29th 1988 with a punch that was clearly after the bell but Starling was nonetheless counted out.  Breland would lose the WBA in the summer of 1990 in a thrilling back and forth against Aaron Davis by 9th KO.  Breland would never again capture a title, he moved up to 154 after the lost to Davis and in 1992 his career was finished via 6th TKO at the hands of Jorge Vaca.
Wilder is punch drunk
Wilder is a fake. A fraud. Total garbage. His record is tailor made. He fought nothing but washed up old guys or journeyman. The minute he had to fight a REAL FIGHTER... Tyson Fury look what happened.
Wilder is going thru his Post Zaire George Forman period, he just can’t accept that he lost, his ego is clearly wounded. But who wouldn’t have an insane ego after knocked over 30 people out?🎉💯
Wilder needs a therapist to wrestle those demons down, he’ll be unstoppable.
Facts: Fury got away with cheating, wilder cant box.
Deontay is a clown he blames everyone but himself
Tyson won fair and square
I was waiting for this
Wilder had lost my respect
This whole conversation an Mike Tyson wasn’t mention wow
Wilder is such a clown
Dude got his first professional loss, they all make excuses as to why. Plain and simple, he can't deal with the furious one, boxing or slugging. He got a gift for the draw in the first fight, and even bugged eyed Kenny Bayless tried to give Wilder every chance, pushing back fury more and more, and even deducting a point. It's seriously the most bias I've seen from a ref in a long, long time. Just watch the fight and watch the ref...
Dear oh dear Wilder! You got smashed, fair and square. You're supposed to be a fighter, for god sake act like it!
There’s a few you tubers, boxingego in particular who will be crying hard over this.
1 Trick pony got found out. Happens when you fight someone in the top 20
Doesn't Wilder train w/ a vest heavier than 40lbs.
His next excuse should be that his tampon was too deep in his vegina
Why does he sound like Bert
Man Wilder is worse than Tyron Woodley.
He haven't recovered from the beating he got
The glove-gate is real guys. Fury cheated.
Where are the Wilder fanboy comments?
TILL THIS DAY WILDER IS DELUSIONAL 😄😄
Too many excuses. Ockham's razor says that Wilder just got beat because Fury was a better boxer on that day.
Wilder is an embarrassment
They cheated wilder .
Harsh facts: Breland should be hailed as a savior. Deontay got beat by the better man. Jaye is a yes man. Tyson was also coming off a suspension. Him and Hughie. This is Tysons’ first issue with gloves.
Deontay wilder got knocked out by a russian. Look at his wiki record and you can find tape of it if you google it. Happened in russia and the boxing promoters try hard to remove the video
so happy Joe isn't falling for Wilder's bullshit excuses. Fury beat him twice!!
Let’s not deny the fact that fury’s gloves were packed with cement
I feel like fury is just the better boxer no disrespect to wilder.
Dejontay Milder
Klichko? Russians have been doping their athletes in all division since 1950's to day. He's only good because of the amount of steroids in him. Legalize it because we will still have the top athletes, but people like him will drop down to a lower ranking.
audio is a little off
The sorest loser in all of boxing
Furys on another level compared to Deontay and all current heavyweights plain and simple
I need some advice guys. recently my gf has been receiving too many calls during very odd hours of the night. She has also been coming home very late saying that she was at a team building meeting at work..i called her boss and he said they've not had any such meeting for the past month. so yesterday when she said she was going for a team building meeting i followed her on my motorbike after two blocks a guy stopped his car hugged her and opened his car door for her. i was watching all that from a distance so they wouldn't see me.when they finally drove off i tried to start my bike to follow them but it couldn't start. what could the problem be guys. The clutch ? Engine? Petrol? Plug? I'm so worried about my bike
He kinda sounds like Burt
What a clown, fury is one of the greats
Y'all acting like Fury never got caught cheating. Y'all act like Fury isn't a known cheater. You dudes are industry clowns. Wilder was the one to get Fury off the couch.  Talk about the 2 year ban on him for drugs. You can't teach power. How did he get power over night. It was the gloves. His corner is seen pulling the gloves down on camera. You are idiots
Wilder is basically an unintelligent emotional person who’s ego became uncontrollable, because unfortunately he doesn’t have many real people around him. Wilder isn’t an malevolent person at heart, he’s just so simple and stupid.
CTE
Someone tag BoxingEgo. Bet he’ll start crying 😆
His foot was the size of a balloon
He got his ass beat by a white man that's what really bothers him
Great buildup for 3rd fight  Both guys should be in WWE
Jesus Christ I could only imagine if AJ made these excuses🤦🏻‍♂️
Come on man I was a wilder fan but this man is just killing his legacy. Just train and have a rematch thats all you have to do.
wilder had brought into his own hype, he believes he is unbeatable, so he is now clutching at straws with his excuses, wilder mate shake off your defeat, put your head up and come back stronger next time, like a real champion should do ,
Guess you all need a Great White Hype instead of looking at the facts for fair boxing.
I think wilder is intentionally playing heel.
I don't like Brian's new hair.Is he transitioning? Hope it works out.
Why is Luke talking so fast ? 🤣
Joe still believes Chris Cuomo’s fake weights are real...
Words and stuff.
Fury is the goat 🐐🐐
All I hear is 😢 whhhaaaahnnnn from Wilder.
Wilder is mentally weak for sure, but there is something about the gloves scandal. It wasn't the first time Fury did it. It doesn't take away from his win, but c'mon now...he did it on purpose.
Let’s not forget he said that he was offered more to fight Joshua but chose to fight Fury when all you fucking yanks were saying that Joshua ducked Wilder. Wilder is the biggest disgrace to heavyweight boxing.
Wilder is probably a Democrat changing his excuse all the time lol
WILDER'S  LEG TRAINER IS TO BLAME. Extra weight on those tiny legs fighting a Giant. A skilled Giant.
C'mon look at the evidence watch fight again. Its so noticeable how after round 1 fury even started throwing his punches different. I was a fury fan but this is obvious. N its fury's 3x caught cheating.
He was drugged by his own trainer  Lmfao I just can't with this trash boxer anymore
Idk why but I always get luke thomas and Kenny florian confused
Fury mighta been doing that funny shit with the gloves that was hella sus.
Man Wilder is everywhere😅 not in a good way either. He's his own worst enemy and is on a route for destruction. That ignorant coach's name is Jay Deas.
In 1890, in his prime,  Ortiz would easily beat Wilder
His excuses are a sad result of him allowing people to give him a big head rather than getting a big head from his own belief in himself. Someone needs to convince him that he's capable of being great. And the way for him to get there is to go back with his natural power and this time around really put everything into learning the most basic and important fundamentals of boxing. That's the difference between him and the past heavyweight champs. Watching him box is painful because his movements make him look like an amateur with a one hitter quitter. Fury beat him stricly with basic fundamentals on a night that Wilder came in the door thinking he had 12 rounds to land his power punch twice. Almost the same exact scenario as the night Douglas knocked out Tyson in Tokyo. Douglas was a nobody but had years of top notch fundamentals under his belt just like Tyson. But Tyson forgot to bring his fundamentals with him that night. But then Tyson didnt spend the next year making excuses either.
Anybody who watches boxing knows some wasn't right that night but poeple wanted to see wilder win so badly. Fury doesn't even have knockout power
The gloves weren't on right!! And its not the first time they stopped a fury fight over the gloves!!
Breland won his WBA title with a broken hand
Only dude I know of that can train for a fight but walking 100 ft with a terrible costume on wore him out...please.  You lost bro just be a man and face the facts you got rocked.
Man at least look into it. Fury has been caught cheating before.
Why can't Wilder just admit that Fury IS and was the better fighter in both bouts...
Came to a fight looking like Master Shredder and got his ass handed to him.
I told everyone wilder would get exposed once he fought a real fighter. His resume was complete trash majority of his career. Of course I got ripped on my channel by the black community for not supporting wilder but now they seen what I was talking about. Wilder had a late start in boxing yes but he’s the same fighter. Nothing has change over the years. A 3rd fight and Tyson will beat him again. 🤷‍♂️
Ken Norton was a great puncher.
“Ortiz isn’t some chump” no you’re right, he’s just 87 years old and off the Cuban Coctail
Wilder cant take the loss, he’s been fighting with only his power for his entire career and Fury showed the world how bad of a boxer he really is. Talked about going out like a warrior but has made half a dozen excuses as to why he lost. Joshua got beat didnt make excuses and beat Ruiz the second time around. That’s what a real warrior/boxer does.
I feel for Wilder, he is mentally breaking down. It's disgraceful the way he is speaking of Breland. I just hope he gets it together and apologizes to Fury and Breland for these baseless accusations.
Wlder with his trainners from  U.S.A boxing club would have made him a better boxer. Real training with real dedication,  I believe he could be back.
Why are they perpetrating this “Best right hand in boxing” bullshit. The guy has fought bums, who had all been knocked out before, or multiple times since. And If I knew the truth would out, I’d be willing to bet a couple opponents were paid to fall. I don’t think Deontay was in on that part, I think they were paid to give him confidence. That right hand, though hard, isn’t that special
This guy knows his shit
Wilder lost but he's still a great fighter. His knockout wins is insane, I wish he can recognize that his talents are still there and to improve for the next fight
You mean to tell me the guy who said he wants to kill someone in the ring and who walks out wearing full cosplay is saying crazy shit? Color me shocked.
Tyson Fury is a legend!! A very inspirational person for people who are dealing with a lot of the same issues he had.
The simple fact is the better man won.
Fury takes his gloves off straight after the fight in the ring..I didn't see no blunt object..and his hands didn't look messed up.. wilder is serously deluded..surrounded by a bunch of yes man.
He didn’t suspect that he was drugged at first so the only reasonable assumption for the fatigue that he felt, particularly in his legs, would be the pre-fight costume — this is a logical analysis without knowing that his water may have been tampered with. After receiving information that pointed to the possibility of being drugged naturally you would have eliminated the weight of the costume..
Deontay had adrenaline dump and blames it on water 😂
wilder let the time expire on third fight THEN decided to chat rubbish..what a dosser
Tyson clearly had rigged gloves. Plain as day.
The floppy glove definitely makes his punches more deceptive when setting up the big shot. He was slapping hooks, no one is taught to throw hooks like that. Other than that, other excuses are whack
Did you idiots watch the glove gate videos your capping.
Imagine a heavy weight complaining about a 18kg vest, im 76kg and train pull ups, dips etc with a 15kg weight vest, and this guy that is much stronger than me claims it affected his legs lmfao
That's the problem when you only know one trick.  Eventually someone's gonna work it out.
Fury won the first fight too. He lost 2 rounds and dominated rest of the fight. The power players in boxing are more interested in gow much money rematches will generate than judging for real. Wilder is in denial like you've never seen before. The guy truly believed he couldn't be beat and he has yet to accept defeat.
Joe must of not seen the footage of the gloves
Tyson Fury is ... Alright ..."Fucking awesome" is an extreme overstatement!
He sounds like bert... It is weird
This guys one upmanship on statements in this talk is exhausting to listen to
There's no doubt in my mind that Fury loaded his gloves. He loaded them with his fists and destroyed Wilder.
Tyson Fury is a scam!
He’s a crybaby watch never week he’s going to use race card.
Joe I live ya bro but Wilder just made his first statement. That's why it was a big deal. All the other shit "was supposed to be coming from Wilder camp"
Fury beat wilder so bad it made wilder have brain issues and become a 🤡
Fury biggest con man in boxing wbc  world boxing cheat failed drug tests , suspect gloves even prior to wilder ,  conned wilder out the rematch like he did with Klitschko and aint made one title defence till this day💯
Maybe cutting open the gloves in front of the camera after fights should be a rule. Why dismiss his grievance if there's even a .01% chance it may be true? The camera is saying one thing but a lot of shit talkers are acting like they can't see all the sudden.
Really shit to see whats meant to be a PROFESSIONAL boxer make up that many excuses to why he lost acting like an 8 year old. You lost because Tyson fought better than you. You didnt get jumped, it was a 1 on 1 and you lost. Take it like a man.
its not bullshit tyson cheated
Wilder has tarnished his entire career and it’s so sad because I had a lot of respect for him but this has just ruined any respect I had for him
If Fury beats him again Wilder has to retired! Weak dude with excuses
Dude sounds just like Burt Kreischer
Wilder was made for wwe😂
Rematch that's it...simple to much conspiracy
It's sad how history repeats itself. George Foreman literally went through the EXACT same thing but more insane with the build up of his career before his fight with Muhammad Ali and then when he lost all the excuses came from him. George Foreman supposedly had a talk with Wilder after the fight about what he thought of what Wilder's situation coming off the loss. Guess he didnt listen or got THE COMEPLETE OPPOSITE of what Big George must have said
In any regards Wilder does deserve the rematch both are great fighters.
I’m surprised Wilder didn’t blame white privilege
Well your wrong joe Tyson definitely had his hands in the lower part of the glove
Excuses
Glossed over the excuses here I feel
Wilder is better than fury believe me and he will win if the rematch happens
LUKE!👍
Tyson Fury is a cheater and has a history of cheating. People should really do their homework before talking about that situation.
Person: Presents logic Wilder: BUT MAH GRANDMAMMA SAID
Wilder had the chance to move on, accept defeat but he's humiliating himself here. Fury looked massive compared to Wilder on fight night and is a better boxer. I want to see Joshua v Fury.
Tyson Fury is a known cheater and has been suspended before in boxing.
Whilst I think Fury deserved the win, the glove situation is weird tho. Theres so many shots where the glove is bending weirdly and looking mangled.
I get that shock to the heels every time I knock my elbow. Straight to the bone. So my man's power shakes boxers to the bone.
Wilder is fucking sad
Everything Wilder says is bullshit but Fury's gloves were fishy..I noticed in the fight itself. They were moving separate from his hands.
The arch of his foot? 😂😂
I
I watch that second fight every now and then. It was one of the best heavywieght performances of all time.
Fury outclassed Wilder and he has a higher fight IQ.       He's a homophobic-mysogenistic world class fighter.
What about the dent in wilder's face??
Wilder been watching too much OZ lol  Kenny bricks face ass
We're still talking about this? Geez.
This is what Rogan is talking about on election day?  Welcome to the softer, gentler, Spotified Joe Rogan.  No thanks.
Still not a worse excuse than Mary saying she gave birth as a virgin.
I’m a fan of both guys but in my opinion Fury is just the better technical boxer
*It won't be long until he starts blaming the loss on President Trump? Lol*
Bullshit
Wilder is delusional at this point.
How are you going to boast, saying “I don’t need to be technical, I don’t need to win rounds, they gotta be flawless for 12 rounds, I have to be lucky for one second” and get mad when you lose? If you’re a shit boxer in comparison to your competition and willing to admit it you shouldn’t be surprised when you lose nor should you be making excuses.  Relying on one tool is a sure fire way to get embarrassed 🤷🏻‍♂️
Joe please say it correctly = its ahead in the fight = no one is winning the fight.  You are either ahead or behind during the fight.  After the fight you either win or loose.
When you're such a black supremacist you cant handle the loss from a white boy. His fans are the same too, so cowardly.
Wilder is Embarrassing and cringe.
Joe is right, Furry had a completely different fighting style in the second fight and Wilder just wasn’t prepared for it. Wilder needs to just take the L and move on.
lmao rolex on wrist joe said he would never spend money on watches i guess hundred mill makes you diff
Deontay is a sore loser and is a huge clown. Deff shows he didnt deserve to be the champ with that loser mentality
If you close your eyes the guest sounds a lot like Bert Kreischer... if he stopped drinking
wilder would've never made it if boxing did ufc style match making lol
Fury will outbox Wilder everyday of the week and twice on Sunday. Now knowing that Wilder can't take a punch he will KO him in any fight going forward by being a little more aggressive.
Hey Wilder you Lost get over it! Ali said that Ernie Shavers was the hardest  hitter ever.He knew who was who in that category for sure.
Joe omits Jesus saved Tyson Fury. No other story.
Saying these things about mark breland are inexcusable truly awful
Theres a clip where Lennox lewis was showing Deontay how to Jab... must be 8/9 yrs ago... he did not and could not take advice.. nothing changed...
Fury is a known cheater. PED's & gloves
Wilder Thoroughly embarrassed America
The reason I'm not a rich Dr. right  now is because my trainer poisoned my water in college
"Wilder is no chump - he is a HUMAN boxer"  This guy has been watching too many kangaroo boxing videos.
lmao love how he came out with a video that looked like it was filmed on a razr spewing bollocks after the contract signing deadline ended
DEonTaY WIlDeR
Some people dismiss the glove like it’s nothing to me it did look suspect I’m not saying he cheated it just looked sus but honestly wilder making all these excuses is just sad someone close to that man needs to check in but I mean that’s exactly what a fighter is they are very delusional about themselves it’s a strength and a weakness all together
Regardless of where you stand on this issue  of glove tampering , for Wilder to call out his former trainer as “ disloyal “  , after he threw him out his locker room to cry in the hallway , is disgusting.   Wilder is the disloyal one.  Mark Breland  saved his career and possibly his life.  Let’s say Fury did cheat ( he didn’t ) .  Wouldn’t it be a blessing that your trainer took you out of harms way ? He should be thanking him , especially if he thinks his opponent was cheating. The idea that Breland tainted his water is literally the worst excuse I have ever heard.
As a very big Fury fan, I have to say check Tyson Fury's left glove durning that second fight lol
Who else is waiting for  Joe rogan and Alex Jones live stream the election
#Glovegate "the myth is real"
Respect
Man these excuses are piling up and getting more lame than ever.  Put him in there with Fury to beat the piss out of him again
the funniest thing about the 40lb costume is that on Joe's podcast Deontay Wilder said he trains with a 40lb weight vest
The " Chute Box of boxing " is a perfect analogy.
It’s not Deontay Wilder talking, it’s his ego.
Don't agree with Wilder but Fury is a known cheater that isn't a lie that's the UK way
Wilder got found out as soon as he fought a world class fighter. He’s a bum.
All I want to know is. Did he cheat or not?
The look on Deontay's face when Tyson got back up from that knockdown. It probably left a permanent crack in his confidence.
You know the end is near when Luke finally appears on JRE
He’s listed more than 3 excuses: the costume being too heavy, the ref cheated and was biased towards Fury, Fury’s gloves were tampered with, his water was tainted, and his cornerman was involved in a conspiracy with Fury.
check out jimmy wilde welsh flyweight he ghosted people
How was the first fight a draw?
i'm going to be honest: Luke Thomas comes off like a guy trying really hard to sound smart on his own show. Can't stand him. Actually really enjoyed him on here
I'll be honest the gloves bit should be investigated, but everything else sounds like bs
1. He claims mark breland was disloyal. 2. Claims his water was spiked with muscle relaxers. 3. Egg weights in gloves.  4. Improper glove positioning. 5. Heavy costume worked his legs too much. 6. Previous injury leading up to fight in his train camp. ALL BS dude got murked by the gypsy KING
Tyson fury’s gloves looked sketchy in some post fight comparisons
I lost so much respect for this Megatron wannabe
I guess Nicholas Asbury was lying, The Wild Boar farmer was lying, Wilder was lying, man... I wonder why everybody hating on poor ole Tyson Fury🤔👀 These dudes talking a lot of shit about what none of us know ( even if it sounds like bs). 🤷‍♂️
Wilder is embarrassing himself no end.   And sacking Breland was weak,  weak,  weak.
Wilder and Sean O'Malley would be great friends
He's lost his head, I thought he was just angry about the loss which is normal, but fucking hell what is this rubbish he's spouting?
2 white guys defending a white cheater. Let me pretend to be shocked.
Some people not getting it. Right glove padding removed. Left glove fist in wrist area.  Theres photos for those who doubt it. Bearded sissy man obviously hasnt seen them😂
Wilder should've just been like "My foot was a balloon"
Wilders Resume is awful. He lost twice to Fury. The judges screwed Fury the first time. Other than Fury the only decent name is Ortiz and again in the first fight Ortiz got screwed with dodgy refereeing giving Wilder a completely unnecessary break when he was hurt. I understand Wilder is an amazing puncher but he is no where near hall of fame standard
Like Joe really knows the truth Joe your an idiot
it' completely obvious that Tyson gloves tampered with
US soldiers carry like 200 pounds of shit on them and go gun fight in the hot ass desert
Joe sound sus asf tryna find that pic
Fury didn’t fake or feint that last fight, what the hell he’s talking about Fury went directly at Wilder. Dudes talking sbout the 1st fight
Let's see a rematch then, if he's so certain he was screwed in that fight. I'd happily watch Tyson Fury outbox him again
I was gonna leave an epic comment but i’m wearing a 40 pound vest.
Yea.....that just happened lol
I've lost all respect for Beyonce and his pathetic excuses.
Wilder is showing signs of mental illness
wilder is like an ex hitting up after finding out you moved on 😂
wow finally luke Thomas on the jre
Deontay is a giant toddler .
I've been saying it for the longest Wilder cannot box at all!! His legs are toothpicks compared to the rest of his body!!
Wilder is a punk ass.
Black Americans tend to think he was cheated, it’s actually hilarious. In the UK, white black or purple we know Fury destroyed that fraud 😂
Joe "find the one without his shirt on" Rogan
Guy got smashed to pieces by the better more well rounded fighter and doesn't like it shouldn't be aloud to box anymore the weirdo
Remember you said him and fury were the best ever ...and laughed at joshua because you hung on their every word
mark breland should write tell all book and earn from this
A doctor vouched for deontay and said he got hit by a blunt object
Let's just be real for once and speak plainly.  Wilder got his ass beat, and doesn't know how to take a loss.  It's really that simple.
😂😂😂
the studio doesnt hurt my eyes anymore. niceeee
Next excuse  I lost because I knew Covid-19 was coming
Y’all do realize Fury cheated right?
During his pre-fight shit, Wilder started wiping with a South-North hand movement rather than the traditional North-South movement. Hey, it all goes towards the defeat.
Funny thing is Wilders fans believe all those excuses, wilder is clearly a fraud, stupid and delusional so he'll attract that fan base I suppose
I seen dudes say Sean O' Malley took a loss bad and then defense Wilder. lol
he fired the dude who threw the towel?...wow
Compare how AJ took his L to how Wilder has
Easily Provable 🤔 The Young Pharaoh did the factual research. 👊🏾 Jagged pill, but nastily full of facts.
Now you are gonna get thousands of wilder fans disliking and posting their conspiracy theories.
Wilder is a joke. A proper lunatic. He’s lost the plot.
Wilder was beaten by the better Man - it is as simple as that. Fury was a beast fighting a great, skillfulfight. Wilder was beaten, despite his right hand, which is all he has. Anything else is conjecture and excuses.  After all the whining by Wilder, I've got no interest in him at all. He's a shameful loser.
So lomachenko shoulder isn't an excuse?
Tyson fury cheat!
Folks gone be trippin when Wilder KOs Fury in the trilogy fight...
6:30 Ortiz was an old man when Deontay fought him. Tyson is the only elite fighter that he has faced.
Dude Vitali agrees with Wilder A lot of boxers agree with wilder
😑What a ass🤡 "egg weights"
Joe always says Fury “got back up like Lazarus and started winning the round” that’s false for sure lol he got like literally two hits in but was getting his ass kicked. Wilder should’ve won that fight but boxing is bias.
He needed to just take the L and make a comeback. now everyone thinks he's a sore loser
It going to be about colour of the person next
fury - wilder 2:0
NEVER IN THE HISTORY OF BOXING HAS A GLOVE FLOPPED LIKE THAT WHILE JABBING
Deontay has disgraced himself.
Wilder is living in denial. His deluded fan base partly caused this. Telling him he didn’t need to learn how to box, he just needed to be right for one second. They’ve then fuelled these conspiracy theories and instead of learning from his defeat he’s living in a fantasy world. Let’s look at reality. How did Fury get a blunt object in his gloves? Before the fight when Wilder’s trainer was watching his gloves get wrapped? In the corner with TV cameras on him? Then finally, how did Fury hit him with a blunt object in his glove without smashing his hand to pieces? Deluded fanboys.
This guy sounds like Bert Kreischer's older brother lol
Why didn't Jamie show the glove pictures
Imagine if AJ after the Ruiz fight made all these excuses he would have been laughed at and rightfully so
i still pray they will fight again. its gonna be so wild to see furys loss of punching power. just watch guys.
wonder if they went tip to tip?
Wilder is a cry baby.  You lost mate.... twice!  Dry your eyes.....grow up.... And stop making rubbish excuses
The slow motion footage of the gloves was very suspect though.
Fury should sue Wilder and Young Pharaoh. Thanks Joe for being the voice of reason. Fury is a 6ft 9" 273lbs destroyer and Wilder is a crybaby.
Ty! Aggravates me that he's not only dragging Furys(n his trainers) name threw the mud, but ain't even man enough to own his loss & become a better fighter by learning from his mistakes. Everybody's fault but Wilder's that he lost.
WTF?!!! are you guys talking about?!!  Look at the tape, he clearly is punching him with practically bare knuckles. The glove is flapping around!!!  Joe you gotta shut up sometimes. Geeeez
Tyson Fury is a fraud. He cheated in the WALLIN fight and BOTH Wilder fights. If you look at Tyson Fury’s gloves, they are floppy and off his hands. I used to like Fury, but I will not support a cheater.
Wilder s ego probably bigger than his punching power
Come on man The gloves aren't easily dismissable
Jussie Wildett
*It’s over for Wilder. Dude can’t take a loss he’s psychologically weak. The Ronda Rousey of boxing.*
Wilder the type of guy to turn off the Playstation when he's losing. 😂
Wilder crying right when the deadline for fight 3 to be confirm is near. Seriously he is so delude.
trash work by both of these guys.
😂 wilder is a legend to me for all this. The balls to make this many excuses
Wilder is fucking nuts, Tyson knocked him silly...literally lol
This audio ain't synched properly!
He took this loss worse then Sean O'Malley
Wilder is finished. Fury took his soul
Wilder is the black Hillary Clinton.
Look at the pictures man That's all the evidence you neef
Okay explain the dents in wilders head 🤔and explain the glove situation
i'm impressed with how quickly people are to dismiss Wilder's tampering claims without any study into the claims. let me guess, Building 7 is a conspiracy 'theory' too....? smh
He can make all the excuses he wants but at the end of the day Wilder got taken to school by Fury.
Deontay is a joke...he should've took his L, regrouped and come again; that or just quit but you don't make excuses man, his credibility is now a Universal ZERO!  FACT
Bring Young Pharaoh on he got plenty of videos exposing the fight
He was standing in the corner without defending himself, his coach saved his career.
He needs to take his loss on the chin!! 🤣.. All of these claims make him look weaker and weaker lol 🤦‍♂️🥊
HOT TAKE: Ruiz could KO Beyoncé Wilder within 7 rounds
Be safe all .  Trump wins
Americans can’t just accept defeat. He lost, get over it.
This was posted literally 45 seconds ago and there's already a dislike. What a hater
Wasn't this the guy who thought that he could defeat Mike Tyson?
Wilder is a shame to Boxing SMH!!!!
513th
deontay wilder has no technique
HOW ARE THERE SO MANY COMMENTS WITHIN A MINUTE
Deontey embrassing himself more all the time, worst champion ever!!!!!!
Tyson fury cheated   Watch the video do your research
Wilder still had a chance to comeback stronger and beat fury I probably sound crazy but you never know🤔
not first
I heard Tyson cheated in both fights
MAGA
I'm early. Very early
Get him Joe!
Fury will end him any day
Man cant take a loss
Deontay is a poor loser end of story joe
Ayo first to comment love you joe ❤️❤️❤️
Nice
More excuses than a pregnant nun
first
Second
Regards from Uruguay!!!
Hi
🤣🤣
First
First
FIRST
first!
First !!
