AWWW OMG BABY RALPH!!!!! SO SO GORGEOUS!!!!!!😍😍😍❤❤❤
Ralph is so so precious!!! <3
Congratulations on your beautiful baby!!  xxJ
Ralph is so sweet! ❤️
I love you for being like 'just check out Jenn for details' haha. Ralph's a cutie!
Look at the sweet baby with the ginger hair. Congratulations!
Anna, you just share as much as you’re comfortable with. We’ll support you! 🥰
sooo late, but I gues it's never late! Ralf is truly ADORABLE❤❤❤  Congratulations Anna!
Awwwwwwwww 😩❤️💕
Welcome back xx
Miss you Anna 🙆🏻‍♀️
So excited and happy for you! Congratulations again! Ralph is so cute! Wish you all the best for him! Missed you and your videos, so thrilled you are back!
I miss you! But I think I’ll be like you when I become a mum. Just happy to see you happy and healthy Anna!
He looks like Marks split image. Those cheeks...I could squishy squish all day.
❤️
He’s delicious!! Little Ralph!
Cutest baby ever!!! ❤️❤️❤️
That intro was beautiful 🥰 my son is the best thing to ever happen to me, he’s my whole world 😭💛
I would take being pregnant over birth.
Precious baby have a nice and healthy life with your family
Oh Anna, we missed you so much... Welcome back aand congratulations xxx
Oh congratulations!!!!
Congrats!!!!!!! Ralph is adorable!!!
I'm done having babies but watching this was so beautiful.  Your happiness and glow is just so wonderful to watch.   So glad to have you back!
So with you about hynobirthing and positive birthing. The breathing techniques helped me the most during labour. Food, phone necklace, coconut water (electrolytes for breastfeeding), someone to come around and clean the bathtub and toilet. Those are the best gifts! :)
Soooo cute!!!
What a little bundle of joy! welcome to the world Ralphie,congratulations on being parents your in for a wild ride enjoy it!
Oh Ralph is darling, and you sound over the moon about him. Congratulations Anna! And Papa.
Congratulations Anna!!! Soooo very happy for you both and your families!!!! ❤️❤️❤️
It makes me so sad that you won't be able to share your experience as a mother as much due to certain people being unkind. I respect your decision and I am so glad you and baby are well. I am so sorry you might have had a bad experience sharing while pregnant.   Congratulations, he is beautiful! ❤ Thank you for sharing today.
Congratulations.  Your video notifications were not reaching me for a while.  Seems okay now.  Thank you for the video.  Have a fabulous week!
How wonderfully exciting
Had to watch this again after your updated routine... The intro. The baby cuddles. The smooshiness. OH. MY. WORD. 🥰🥰🥰🥰  Even with my 2nd almost turning 1, this gives me all the feels again 🥰🥰🥰🥰
Beautiful baby , congratulations 🎉 Xx
Congrats Anna and Mark!! Welcome baby Ralph!! Totally understand wanting to protect him. Enjoy it!
Welcome back :) Ralph is so cute - congratulations. Totally respect you keeping Ralph offline and keeping your little corner of the Internet as escapism. X
You look so happy :)
Aww ur baby is so cute
So Happy for you Anna, wish you all the very best on your new chapter.
So sweet.
Oh, congratulations! He's very cute!!! Already smiling! And the punk hair!
You are not biased, he is super duper adorable! Those eyes 😍
Oh my goodness Anna he is SOOOOOO handsome!!! What a beautiful baby! Congratulations. We are almost 8 months in to first time parenthood and it really does keep getting better and better. I’m so excited to see how you navigate parenthood in your wonderfully creative, organized, and calm manner.
We missed you!! Ralph is incredibly precious! ❤️❤️
Ralph is adorable. Looks like both of you. You look so well n so happy. Welcome back xx
Congratulations to you both Mom and Dad🎊🎉💙. Baby Ralph is so adorable !
He is yummy 🙏🏽😍💙
Absolutely gorgeous little boy - and for those who try to tell you what your account should be obviously don’t have children - they CHANGE you and you are better for it! Another human relying on you 24 hrs a day whew - let’s put the perfect lip on first 🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🤣🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲🥲
Men don't have to give an explanation why they're not sharing their family life on the internet. This is your space, Anna. You're amazing.
Just ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
Oh my goodness 🥰🥰🥰 I just had a cuteness overload 🥰🥰🥰 so happy to see your happiness and sending you all the hope for a beautiful long and happy life to your family 🥰
What a cute baby! Welcome back!
He’s soooo adorable 🥰
Congratulations Anna 💕
I thought the only British pronunciation was like Ralph Fiennes so I was surprised to hear you say it! Congratulations on your new family & absolutely respect the thoughts & boundaries you articulated, hope everyone is well!!
Yay, as a pregnant person who has been following your journey, I'm grateful for everything you shared and what you choose to keep private. I'm so excited to just have you back and as soon as I saw this video, I couldn't have clicked faster! Yay baby Ralph, and yay Anna for who you are, your boundaries and your work!
OMG!!! so excited!!! so much cutenessssssssss love this! you are the best! love that you are back
Look what you made! A big congratulation to you both! 😁😁😁
aw, he's a cutie... welcome back
Congratulations to you dears! He is absolutely perfectly beautiful!! What a blessing a Son is.
H&M wrap bras, preach, momma! I also got some cheaper dupes at Amazon that also worked wonders.
Thank you for being so candid about postpartum, those first couple of weeks really are crazy. No way to prepare, absolutely none!
I absolutely adore how you talk about Ralph, that's exactly how I talk about my son. Aren't they the cutest? They really transform you, inside and out. I loved seeing the three of you so happy, enjoy the family!
Aww wow Congratulations to you all on baby Ralph. He’s so adorable. Being a Mum is thee best and most rewarding job ever. I have young adults now and whilst the physical aspect of being a Mum gets so much easier as they grow up, the mental aspect is far worse. I worry far more about my boys now than I ever did whilst they were kids. When they are small you have total control over every part of them, however when they grow up all you can do is sit back and pray you’ve done a great job of bringing them up and hoping they make all the best decisions in life. That part is also very rewarding when you see them get on, however I still worry daily about my boys. Think that’s what being a Mum is all about ❤️❤️ xx
Congratulations to you and Mark!! 🎈 Ralph is a beautiful name and he is such a beautiful baby! 💗 Completely understand your instinct to protect him and totally love your idea about your channel going forward. Wishing you all the best, for everything that you take on! Lots of love & hugs! 🤗
He is so handsome 😍
Omg he’s so cute 😍
CONGRATS! 💕
Awwww, Ralph is adorable. Congratulations to both of you! 💗
so mad to see you both with your baby - in a good way!!!   he's beautiful.xx
Oh Anna! 😍😍😍 Your little Ralph is so amazing and the joy of being his mom literaly sparkles through my phone! So, so beautiful to see! Many greetings and love to you and your little family!❤❤❤
Ralph is so gorgeous! Congratulations to you and Mark.
I have so much respect for your desicion not to share your son on social media, i completely understand!
Love how you said “go into birthing with a OPEN MIND” it’s a huge part of giving birth!  With my 2 little ones, one was emergency c-section and other was natural birth. I did NOT plan my birth because you will never know what can happen and at the end both baby and I are and we’re safe and alive. That’s the most important. Welcome back and congrats on the little one.
Enjoy the baby times! My son is turning 4 next month and we can barely remember him being a baby already (and we had him little longer than most as he was born in the second trimester!) the days are long but the years are so fast x
Welcome back lovely lady and congrats! Ralph is such a pudding ❤️ Looking forward to being enabled by your monthly favourites once again!
Congratulations x
Someone is the image of his daddy
Good to see you again! Congratulations ☺️ I'm also mum and I'd like to share my perspective that for some people it is possible to prepare. I think there are different people and different children. We were prepared ☺️
So glad you're back. Congratulations you guys, what an adorable little guy!
Welcome back! Missed you so much!
omg how cuteeeeeeeeee!!!!!!!
My baby boy was born on the 4th of September. Also called Ralph 😄
hugs!! totally support your choice of sharing limited things about your parenthood and your son.s life. best wishes to you fam
Welcome back. Congratulations 🎊🍾. He is beautiful 🤩
Congrats!!! He is so perfect and adorable. So happy to see you back and doing so well!
Anna finally getting round to watching this 🥳🥳. I’ve missed your videos and content so much. I completely respect what you are saying about sharing motherhood and baby Ralph. 🤍🤍 I’m a mum and your videos are my escape as I love hearing all things baby but I’m glad your sticking to your original Anna edit brand. If that all makes sense. 🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍🤍
Congratulations and welcome back! <3
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️ you truly are the best
Your baby boy is so adorable 🥰 his got amazing parents 🥰
Welcome back and welcome to Baby Ralph ♥ I tried to go to your blog but it seems to have an issue uploading?
Welcome back Anna and huge congratulations to you all ! Ralph is absolutely beautiful, treasure every moment 💕. Looking forward to your content !! X
Ralph is a perfect name and he is so gorgeous
He's gorgeous and you're looking fantastic!!
❤️❤️❤️
We've missed you so much Anna! Looking forward to all the content
Precious ❤️❤️❤️xxx
Congratulations 🍾🎈🎉🎊
Yay!! You're back!!! Congratulations on your beautiful Ralph ❤❤
Thank you for sharing Ralph with us; he’s absolutely lovely! ❤️
Ahh! So great to have you back! Ralph is so adorable, and you can totally feel the love, light and excitement radiating from you. A literally sunshine!! ☀️
You protecting Ralph is absolutely the right decision! He is your priority! He is just lovely!!! ❤️
Congratulations 🥰🥰 he's beautiful xx
Aww, he's absolutely beautiful Anna, congratulations to you both x
So glad you’re back and your family is beautiful, Ralph is so cute!!! So happy for you guys 🤍
Congratulations!😍😍😍
Great to have you back, Anna- you do you!
"Our little son" 🥺🥺❤️✨ Welcome little man! Huge congratulations both ❤️✨
Congratulations!!!
I'm so glad you're back! Ralph is the cutest baby!!!
Congratulations!!! What a cute baby!!!
Welcome back Anna! so lovely to see you and to meet baby Ralph - absolutely adorable! ❤️
Welcome back! Congratulations! 🎈 baby boy is beautiful 🤩
So glad that you are back! And totally respect your decision to keep your personal life and work separate - I'm just so excited to have your videos back in my life! Wishing you, Mark, and little Ralph all of the best!
We missed you too! I totally respect your decision of not sharing too much ♥️🙏🏼
Are you friends with Zoe ? I guess these two babys can be the next love couple :D
She’s back! That went so quick! Congratulations on little mans again 💙
He’s adorable🥺🥺 it’s so nice the way you filmed this video, you’ve taken a break abd everything you said has been well thought out now you’ve had time to reflect !!! Also, motherhood looks amazing on you, you’re glowing xxx
Welcome back! Baby Ralph looks absolutely delicious. I have so much respect for your decision to create boundaries for your sake and the sake of your family. Looking forward to the upcoming content!
Loved this video! Your son is so cute! I had a baby 5 months ago and it is so sweet to see you with your baby! It's crazy how our lives change when we become moms
You know that we need to know what Ralph is wearing these days as well❤️😅
I have three children and don't share their image/info. You're absolutely doing the right thing keeping the baby offline. When he's old enough to permit/consent maybe reconsider but don't feel obligated to share your private life. And I was told the same advice about separation of home and work, when I work I "get a break" and it reminds me I'm me and not just someone's mother if that makes sense.
He is SO CUTE I can't handle it. Welcome back Anna!!
Welcome back Anna! He is gorgeous! Once again congrats tp you and Mark on a wonderful boy 🥰 Also first time mom here and it is like you read my mind about...well everything. And couldn't agree more 💚
Baby Ralph is gorgeous, but you and Mark as parents❤️❤️❤️ he is a very lucky little chap. Totally understand about keeping Ralph a bit private from the world😘😘😘😘
Missed you so so much!  Welcome back! 💖💗
He is so cute and you are absolutely right. You do not have to share anything that makes you uncomfortable. Besides people are here for all the content you created all those years. Can't wait for 10x10 capsule wardrobe videos. xxxx
He’s beautiful!!! Totally respect whatever choices you make regarding future posts 💕
Welcome back!!! :-) Such a cute family you have!
“Truffling pig” 😂😂😂 brings back so many memories! Congratulations Anna and Mark- Ralph is so cute 🥰  And- big shout out to all the older Mums out there- parenting doesn’t stop and 12 years in it can still be just as hard but so rewarding xxxxxxxx
Congratulations to both of you, Ralph is such a beautiful baby ❤ I can't express how much joy I feel for you guys, I've been following you for about 5 years and man, I'm so frickin  proud of you girl ! Lots of love from Belgium 🥰💋💞 Edit : how in the world can 84 people not like this video ? WTF people, WTF
Welcome back Anna!!! He is just gorgeous!! ❤️❤️
Aaaw! Hello baby Ralph! 👶 😘 welcome earthside little one! He is absolutely adorable you guys, congratulations! 🎊 So excited to follow this new beginning! ♡♡♡
I smiled the whole way through this video. It was genuinely like meeting my best friend’s baby 😭😭😂😂 you are still glowinggg ✨ welcome back I’m so ready for all the Anna edit content sponsored, not sponsored, baby stuff or no baby stuff! Xxx
What a sweetheart, congrats!! I totally get what you're saying about sharing less baby stuff online, you do you!
As a 3-month PP mum I absolutely get you. I’ve experienced anxiety, disorientation, depression, and of course joy thru this journey. I gradually get what being a mum means and takes. It’s a lot, and the most difficult and challenging thing I’ve ever done. Glad to hear you talk about it. It’s quite empathetic and comforting, which makes me feel like we are on this journey together. As always your positivity cheers me up a lot. Massive love and hug to you from China ❤️
He stole hearts of all of us and you are amazing mum already for protecting him so much, I salute you in your decision. It’s also great that your work fulfills you so much and gives you the joy. Nobody can blame you for waiting it 💜 We can all say we would love to see your little boy more, but it’s right decision to protect his privacy.  Big congratulations to both of you 💕
Missed your little corner of the internet so much!! Welcome back!!
Glad to see a video from you in my feed again!! I’m not a baby content person so glad to hear your channel will be keeping on as before, and I totally agree that young kids can’t have a say in what info is out there about themselves yet so it’s good to err on the side of sharing less. That said, Ralph is absolutely gorgeous and I’m so happy for you and Mark, thank you for sharing that little bit of your life and sending hugs and all the congrats!!
He is so bonnie, congratulations 💕
Congratulations to both you and Mark! So excited to have you back and how cute is Ralph??? Love the name as well! Xxx
Ralph is gorgeous 😍 Happy to see the whole fam is keeping well 💖
Congrats Anna!! I totally understand and appreciate your perspective!! The internet can be a minefield for new moms. Sending lots of love!!
❤️
I’ve missed your content so much….! And as much as my life is starting to relate to your new life and mom, I’m happy if you continue to share what you feel like it!  So eyeshadow, fake tan and arket shirt recommendations; bring ‘em on!!!
Congratulations to you and Mark! Ralph is gorgeous, a real cutie. Fully appreciate and understand your openness and honesty about not sharing more personal things online. It’s refreshing to hear your stance and to see you take care of yourself. Also lovely to see you back xx
Congratulations to you both. Ralph is gorgeous 😍
So nice to have you back here! Enjoy your Ralph-time! I will enjoy my AnnaEdit-time whilst waiting for our no 3 to be welcomed to the world. 😊
This was a lovely video. Please always do you when it comes to what you share ❤️your child, your choice!!
Ralph is just the cutest!! So nice to see you back again 😊
Oh Anna! He is SO adorable! 💙💙💙
Getting Anna back and losing Lilly, bittersweet and exciting! Welcome back!
OMG, applause for protecting your kid's privacy!! I think it's for the best... he should have the option to choose when of ir he's gonna have an online presence.   I'm so glad you're back!
H is really cute😍😍😍
My baby boy is 8 months old, when you said Ralph is your everything Nd it's because you care SO much I get it 100% so glad you've been able to make your own choice not wanting to share mum and baby stuff online and we'll all support you for that choice! I'm not back to work yet but I will also be keeping work and home life very separate to have that space for each. So glad you're back, can't wait to see your new style and outfit inspiration in the coming months as I'm putting together my post-baby new wardrobe
This video put the BIGGEST smile on my face - so happy for you and Mark! Xx
I actually just loudly squealed at the very beginning when it started up with Ralph 😍 The biggest congratulations to you both! He's so adorable!
He is SO CUTE omg. I love how you nickname him like a pet. lmao.
Ahhh so happy to have you back! But please don’t feel pressured to do anything you don’t want to do or discuss anything you don’t feel like discussing. Ralph is sooo cute! Congrats mom and dad!
Missed you in my subscription box!! Baby Sir Ralph is the cutest!!!
Ralph is so stinking cute!!!!!!
So much respect for you Mama!! I love your intentional approach to your channel and presence online. Wishing you all the best in your new motherhood journey. You got this!
So glad to have you back! x
He is so beautiful! Dont ever feel the need to justify how much you share about your baby, labor or parenthood! It’s JUST YOUR choice! I am so happy to have you back! Love you and congratulations on your lovely baby 💖💖💖
So so nice to hear from you again! As a mum with a small human, I know how it feels to want to escape the all concuming routine of keeping the baby alive, happy and healthy. But also, just to say - if you choose to share more about your new life, I am all ears/eyes for such content :)  Also, well done to you and Mark, Ralph is just amazing! These early days might feel so long and tiring sometimes, but they do go by so quick its crazy!
Not sure if it would be sharing too much for you, but as you are the queen of organization I’d be really interested in hearing about how you’ve adapted your time management strategies since Ralphie arrived. This is the thing I’ve struggled most with since my daughter was born. I feel like there is an ever growing mountain of tasks that I just can’t get through fast enough. But I understand if that would be sharing too much for you. I really respect that you are following your gut and setting healthy boundaries for your family.
You're doing the right thing. No parent should share their children online. Once something is on the internet it's there forever and Ralph will be glad that his mother was smart enough to give him a private life until he chooses to share what he likes. Sending you hugs and wishing you the best of luck.
Oh Anna, I just want to give you and Mark a big squeeze. Ralph is gorgeous and your love for him shines through ❤️ You do you with regards to sharing whatever feels right - and I think that we as women need to recognise that we have other interests and are not entirely defined by motherhood. I know the juggle is hard, if you ever figure it out let me know 😂 xx
Cute video!
Welcome back Anna.
Congrats Anna.  So good to see you back and meet Ralph!
Ralph is the cutest! Welcome back, Anna! <3
Welcome back! Got to say I am a bit disappointed/confused as to how you won’t cover any motherhood content when it is such an integral part of your life now, esp. as a lifestyle influencer. That’s what I was looking forward to when you came back from Mat leave, as a mum to a baby boy myself! You’ve grown up and changed (as have many of your viewers!) so feels a shame your content will be stuck on the ‘old life’ stuff. Though of course keeping little Ralph out of videos is fair enough- just find it weird to not talk about motherhood etc. Or maybe you will, and I’ve interpreted it wrong! Xx
Seven months in and I STILL can’t sleep on my front. Truly devastating.
Congratulations to you both and hope you're ok Anna 🧡 such an incredible achievement, you're amazing. Love this xxx
Congratulations on baby Ralph, he's so sweet, love the name! I will welcome any baby bits you share as I'm right in the thick of having a little guy myself but totally respect your choice and understand it 😊 👍
I had a baby 3 weeks ago and I would be pregnant for life over labour  😳
So happy your back 💕💕
Awww Anna. We love you. So many smiles coming from me to you. Congratulations on baby, Ralph.
Congratulations. Ralph is so beautiful. I can almost smell that new baby smell. Yummy and scrummy. Enjoy. X
Such a cutie!! 👶🏻🥰🥰So excited for all of you in this next phase. Super happy to have you back!
If we can’t have Ralph can we have more Mark? 😂 Disappointed that we won’t get to see much of the bambino but completely understand why/ respect your decision and looking forward to all the new content, sponsored or otherwise! Welcome back x
Loved this, love you creating boundaries, and cant wait for sunday videos again! No one does sponsored content better x
So good to see you back! ☺️ look forward to the videos to come 💜
I love that you are so excited to be back and we're so glad to have you. Also, Ralph is absolutely scrumptious and it's completely understandable that you and Mark are protective of his exposure online.  Looking forward to all your new content xx
Eee excited to have you back :) Ralph is just precious!! 😭 xx
Oh my gosh, YES TO EVERYTHING YOU'VE SAID!! I am going to share this with every parent-to-be I meet as it is the most accurate postpartum description I've seen! Thank you! And I so agree, you need to keep your own identity as you alongside becoming a Mummy and your boundaries are so important to maintain. New mum fist bump! 👊🏻 Ralph is absolutely beautiful, congratulations!❤️
Welcome back Anna! 💗💗
I’m so happy you’re back 🥰
He is too lovely! Thank you for sharing him with us xxxx
OMG RALPH 🥰
I totally respect you keeping Ralph for yourself. Thanks for this video! Welcome back 🌹
So lovely to see your face again Anna, and what an absolute honor to meet baby Ralph. He's beautiful! <3 I completely understand and respect your decision to keep your work and life slightly more parted after becoming a parent, I totally relate. Congratulations again! Lots of love, Signe xx
Congratulations Anna and Mark, he is perfect.  Total respect that you want to keep all parent things separate, there are too many opinions out there!
Oh anna I missed you. ❤️❤️
Its so so lovely to see you back online  🤗 and I wholeheartedly support your choices in this video. Although I will be looking out for the "baby stuff" in monthly faves ... I just love your approach to this and want to say even if you take down all the pregnancy bits.... they have really really helped me. Sometimes I've re watched some of them just to pass the time when I've been getting ready. Thank you for everything and it's wonderful to have to back xxxx
You look just as happy as your baby looks, congrats.
Love the name Ralph! Welcome back ❤️
OMG my heart is melting. Ralph's eyes :)
well done!! So many channels dedicated to parenthood. I love your balance, our kids didn't sign up for their whole lives to be documented. Well done for having boundaries!! x
I'm so glad you're back!!! So happy for you and Mark, such a beautiful little family xxx
So excited for you Anna! Congratulations on a beautiful baby boy :)
Ralph does seem to be verrry cuuuuute 💕
What a
I'm so so so glad you're back. I've literally just found out I'm 8 weeks pregnant. Total shock, not at all planned haha! Perfect timing for your return haha 😂
I have not watched any of this video yet, but I had to come on here and say your baby boy is BEAUTIFUL. Wow, congratulations xoxo
Congratulations! He’s gorgeous! It’s lovely to see you and hear your very reasonable views! You can’t be all things to all people so you are right to set expectations now. Well done Anna, looking forward to seeing what you have in store! Xx
Ralph the cutest wee chipmunk 🐿 😍🥰
What a gorgeous little bean Ralph is! Thank you for sharing that with us and welcome back! Sending you all lots of love xo
Welcome back Anna, missed your vlogs. Ralph is a beaut for sure but totally get that you want to keep that life separate, why shouldn't you. Looking forward to seeing more house content, although I back track and would love to see the nursery 🥰
Great to have you back! I totally get that your work is like an 'escape' for you (in the best possible way). Most people don't go work and talk about their babies all day long so why should you! :)
Oh my word yes! The sleeping on your front thing - I was very upset when I discovered this 😂
So glad to have you back, we have all missed you so much 😘
Congratulations to you both!! Ralph is so gorgeous, and I could stare at those incredible cheeks all day! But I'm so happy for you that you've decided to draw a line in the sand that works for you. Welcome back :)
Hello there!! I’m so happy you’re back!! I really missed you!! I totally understand how you feel about protecting him! You should do what feels natural for you and we will love it anyway! ❤️ Lots of love and Ralph is perfect!! ❤️
Oh my word ilaughed ouloud: balance. What is balance. Such a myth 🤣   Right back with you ❤ welcome back and hugs to the whole fam
Obviously would have loved your opinions on parenthood—I trust your opinions!—but totally understand this choice. Thanks for this more than generous video.   Welcome back! I’m so excited to have your work in my feed again!
So pleased you’re back!!! Congratulations, Ralph is scrumptious xx
Aaaawww what a cutie! Welcome back Anna! So so happy for you and Mark! 😊
Love your opinion about sharing mum stuff on the internet, you do you! Welcome back xx
Missed you and Mark.  Love the honest video of child birth.lol. the things books and people don't share lol. So happy to meet Ralph so sweet.
I love how you protect your family and new little human because the internet is crazy <3
So much respect for you and Mark. You're making healthy decisions about what's best for your family. Love seeing that. Missed you! (Also, what is that lovely doorknob and the framed piece behind you?!?)
OMG :') Ralph <3 He is so cute!!!!!
I have missed your beautiful, smiling face!! Ralph is the cutest!! Congratulations. Good for you to set those work and mom life boundaries around how much you're willing to share 💙
Agreed to all the comments below you do you. I can totally understand the aspect of the vulnerability cause we should just all agree to doing our best in raising our little wee ones & knowing that there is & never will be just one way to raising them...welcome back💙
What a cutie 😍 congratulations!
Ralph is so sweet!!! So excited for you to be back and also for you to have a space that can be whatever you need it to be in this new stage of life. I appreciate your self care and vulnerability in all of this but also knowing your limits. You got this momma!
I respect you for knowing your boundaries about what you want to share and not share.
Praying that everyone falls asleep quickly and has a peaceful sleep. Hope you all wake up happy and well rested 😘😘😘
As a soon to be mom, I really loved his video. Thanks all your words of wisdom! So happy to have you back and see your lovely little man!!! He’s so precious 😍
100% your choice as an individual what you reveal about your self and your life  🌼🌈🌸🌳❤️
This intro made my day 💜 so happy for y’all!
Congratulations Anna! He’s absolutely adorable, and it’s so sweet to see how in love you are. So happy to have you back and we’ve missed you!
Welcome back! It's so nice to get you back on my feed. Congratulations on Ralph - he is adorable!
So happy to see your face back on my feed and to see your upcoming videos.
I understand you want to keep things to yourself but im kind of sad I wont be able to relate with you about mom stuff...cause I feel we have the same mom vibe.
He looks like Mark!!!! He is georgous!! I love baby smell!!!!
Yay so happy you’re back!! Sending lots of love to you, Mark, and baby Ralph! ❤️ boundaries are super important, and just because your job looks a little different than most of us doesn’t mean you aren’t entitled to keeping parts of your life separate from your work life like the rest of us xx
A lot of people get a sense of self from their job. You should totally be able to have that too! Congrats mama
Omg!!! Congratulations!!! What a cutie pie!!!!
YOU GUYS! WE'RE ALL AUNTIES *cries tears of joy* so so so happy you are back! The new mum GLOW is real!!!
That baby! What a cute human being!
He is absolutely stunning. What a beautiful family. So so nice to see you back :)
❤️❤️❤️
Omg. Ralph Newton ❤️ heart breaker since 2021! He is just gorgeous.  SO HAPPY TO HAVE YOU BACK. You are just glowing and seem so happy and content with life it makes my heart sing. X
I cried watching this because I realized HOW much better life is with your weekly videos! I missed your energy so much and love seeing you as a mum xx
So amazing!!!
Omg what a cutie
When seeing Ralph made a single tear down my face 🥲
Awww the cutest baby ever, I can’t believe I’ve been following you Anna since you and Mark were girlfriend and boyfriend and now you’re married and young parents. One of the only that I’ve been following for so long and that have stayed authentic to her principles. Lovely to see you so accomplished and happy 😊
Glad you are back! Ralph is the cutest baby and so happy for you and Mark. I totally respect where you are coming from and can’t imagine the pressure to share but glad you are doing what is best for you and your family. Can’t wait to watch more of you le channel!!
It’s so surreal seeing you with a BABY!! Ahh he is just so handsome!! Glad to see you are all healthy and happy. So glad you’re back!!
Congratulations! So refreshing to hear from a YouTuber with good boundaries around parenting and babies. Good for you. I’m currently 15 weeks and having horrible morning sickness most days and it’s awful so I love the encouraging things you said about the actual birth. 💜
Aww Ralph, you are such a little sweetheart! Congrats Anna & Mark 🥰
I feel strongly that children get privacy until they can consent otherwise. I’m so so happy for you and Mark and your families. Our baby is Wilson, named for my grandfather Ralph Wilson. So I have a huge love for the name Ralph besides how cute it is! Big love to you and yours. Thank you for being real and coming back to what you do best!
Welcome back  !!  So very good to see you . Ralph is a dream , congratulations to you and Mark.   However you are comfortable  Anna,  I so enjoy your channel and I understand your feelings of wanting something of your own .  I'm am just happy that you and family are happy and healthy, and look forward to the content as always..   So rock on , happy you are back !!!!!!!!!
happy you're back, glad you're not going to convert into a motherhood focused channel! hope to see glimpses of Ralph's cute face now and again though <3 Looking forward to the content to come :D
So glad you are back! I’m not in the ‘baby’ stage of my life anymore (10 & 11 now) so I was worried I wouldn’t connect with your videos anymore, but I missed you and am so happy for your journey 🥰 He is beautiful!
So glad to have you back and see you are doing well. Lovely to meet Ralph! Take care.
Oh Anna!!! I’ve been following since forever and this is the sweetest. Congratulations to you and Mark. Ralph is divine 💕
I’d love to see some baby content. He is so cute 🥰
Congratulations 🙏🏽
congrarts hs is just the cutest so so happy for you both
Oh my word Anna, what an absolutely adorable, beautiful boy!!!! Congratulations to you and Mark. Good work 💖
Ralph is so adorable 🥰 Glad you’re back Anna!
Love to have you back, he is so cute!!!!
He is the cutest!!! Congratulations, it is lovely tô hear you talk about him.
Awwwwww what a gorgeous little family..... welcome back
Ralph is gorgeous 😍 my little one used to sound like a dinosaur when he slept 😂 it's unbelievable how load he was.
Omg he’s toooo cute!!! Congratulations!
So SO happy to see this sitting in my subscription box! Welcome back Anna xxxx
So excited to see you and your little man 😍 he’s the cutest thing. I applaud any mother because that’s so girl boss! I respect your wanting to keep certain things private, and I appreciate you being open and honest
Welcome back 🥰 x
Love that you're back, however you choose to come back 🥰
Congratulations Anna (and Mark)! Ralph is absolutely beautiful 🥰
Welcome back Anna. Ralph is adorable, Congratulations to you all. Thank you for letting us meet Ralph. We totally understand about you protecting him from the internet until he can decide for himself. Xxx
Ahh congratulations!
Mom of four twenty-somethings who love each other and healthy in most every way- sending you tons of respect in your approach to this very short season in your life Anna!
Omg...Ralph is just AMAZING! So adorable ❤ Its sooo good see you back 🥰
No joke, I was just wondering about you this week, thinking "I wonder how Anna's doing?" and now here you are! With sweet baby Ralph. Oh, what a cutie! Also, 100% yes on not sharing your child online. They have no ability to consent, and therefore should not be subjected to that. And new moms already have too much on their plate, without the whole internet shouting at them about parenting. (I also don't care for new mom "knowledge" anyway, because you don't learn from someone just going through it a few months ahead of you lol)
I’m so happy for you!! Welcome back 🖤 can’t wait to see more Anna again!
Ralph is the cutest! So happy you are back! I missed your content!
Congratulations you guys. Ralph is such a beauty 😭💕💕♥️
Isn't this JUST THE BEST VIDEO EVER!!!! Welcome back Anna and Mark! And welcome Ralph!
He’s just so beautiful!
Welcome back! Missed you!
Oh my goodness, sweet baby Ralph!!!   How wonderful and lovely your family is growing. Missed you❤️
You do uuu Anna.. it’s perfect..
I’m so glad you’re back! I’ve missed your videos. I greatly appreciate you modeling boundaries with your little one on the internet 😊 continue to do what’s best for you!
Such a sweet little man! Do the content you want to make, don't feel pressured to put anything out there that doesn't feel right for you and your new little family. Welcome back!
hello Ralph! lovely to see you back again!
Oh, omg. There he issssss. Precious boy.
Welcome back (and welcome Ralph!)  I love, love this video.   1. It's healthy to have an identity outside being a mother. Without a doubt, raising a well-adjusted human being is THE most important job, but it's not the entirety of who you are or who you will become.  2. Motherhood is a tricky subject for some women. Some are struggling to conceive, others are new mums struggling to figure out who they are now. Both benefit from seeing people (who happen to be parents) share their lives.  Can't wait to follow the new chapter. 💞
Welcome back Anna ❤️ I want to let you know that we all love and support you, whatever you wish to share ❤️💕 and baby Ralph is just the most gorgeous little thing I have ever seen xxxx
So so happy to see you back Anna! Ralph is totally adorable and I am so happy for you and Mark!
It is so nice to have you enlighten us with your presence again! I’m not going to lie, as a new Mom ( 7 weeks postpartum) I was very curious and hoping to see some baby content from you, as I genuinely value your thoughts, opinions and recommendations BUT now that I think about it a bit more, it’ll be nice to know I can continue to value your content and have it NOT be baby related. I’m realising that online content related to baby/parenting is inadvertently putting pressure on my parenting style and I’m not a fan. I’m rambling! Love and respect your content which ever way you present it to us, always. PS - Ralph is simply so, so, so gorgeous.
Anna and Mark - Ralph is so adorable, congratulations again.  I totally understand and respect your boundaries. Welcome back to the web :) Enjoy the baby stage, they grow so fast.PS you are both doing fantastic x
I so support you keeping this sacred time and little person, private, protected and separated from your online work/job!
I am so glad you are back😍🤗😁
I'm more than happy to not see or hear anything about Ralph. Knowing his name and seeing his big cheeks is enough! I believe that children should have privacy from the internet, so I welcome your decision.
Omg he’s so handsome!!! So happy for y’all’s sweet family ❤️❤️❤️❤️
Ralph truly is the cutest baby. 😍 Welcome to the world, little one!
6 years ago I was REALLY ill (all fine now), I used to watch your weekly vlogs and they brought me so much joy. It's so wonderful to see you at your own peak, married with a beautiful home and baby, and success as an author and creator!
So excited to see you back! Xxx
Of course, he's a dream. Congratulations again Anna. I hope everyone stays well. And btw, the brows are EPIC xx
He’s SOOOOOO cute. I’ve been waiting patiently to see another Anna Vlog. Missed your bright light shining on YouTube. Lovely parents!
Not gonna lie I cried watching this. I grew up watching your videos and when Ralph appeared on my screen today I got emotional 😂🥲 anyways, congratulations! ❤️
Ralph is darling!! Congratulations to you all! 💜
Yay for being a new mum. I am expecting second baby in early Jan ! And boy I feel overwhelmed this time. Hyperactive toddler plus extremely difficult pregnancy and I am already wiped out. Hoping for the best though.
Anna you are GLOWING. Ralph is the cutest little pumpkin and you are so lucky to have him. I love hearing about your experience, as I’m a first time mum to 9 month old naturally conceived triplets; so much of what you are saying I can relate to. Best wishes xxx
so happy to have you back on the inter web and baby Ralph is the cutest!!!
He looks like such a mix of both of you! So happy for you all! ♥️♥️
Congrats again on beautiful little Baby Ralph! He‘s the cutest!😍 I actually think it‘s a great thing that you‘re not sharing so much about him. Watched a video where they showed that they basically could find out almost everything about children who are on social media and I found that very disturbing:S
Welcome back, Anna! Ralph is perfect and I’m so glad you and Mark are setting boundaries that make you feel safe and well. 💛
So glad you’re back. Ralph is such a sweet boy 💓 so happy for you and Mark. I am shocked you didn’t rant about how hot it is to see Mark as a dad because I bet seeing those boys together is the best! 😊
I love your jumper. That colour suits you so well!   I didn’t announce I was pregnant till she was 6 weeks old 😅 do what’s best for you. It’s took toll she was over a year old to open up a bit more 💜 you need an escape.. work is good. Balance in life lovely.
Did you do that “stare” at him when you brought him home?..It’s my husband and I best memory…put him in car..bring him into house..put him down on some surface and just STARE….Congratulations to both of you 😘
Oh my god he is so adorable! My baby is now 6 months old and I agree 100% with everything you said, except I wouldn't give birth again. For me it was not good. You seem to have it all together. Go you! I'm still a mess 😂
I can only agree with so many others who have commented before me. Please never feel like you have to share anything you’re not comfortable with!  Really looking forward to your content and hope you have a great time being back and making videos 😊
Gosh, that is one GORGEOUS little guy!! Congratulations!!
Congratulations! He’s such a cutie :) 💙 love to see you back online. Do what works for you when it comes to sharing your family online, I think your approach is the best!! Supporting you always xx
omg that hair!!! so adorable! congratulations xx
Welcome to the world Ralph! What an alert, inquisitive, charming little gent and so so so adorable!   Totally get and support you not wanting to share Mum stuff online. The one thing I’ve noticed is how ridiculously opinionated people are about how to be a mum and no matter what you do, someone is going to disagree with it. Protect yourself, don’t share and keep it personal.  Love the talk at the beginning of “what it’s like to bring home a newborn.” My girl was several weeks early and we didn’t even have anything set up. We got home from hospital and were sitting stunned like - wow, our house doesn’t have our daughter in it yet! And it felt wrong until we got things set up and it was clear she was a part of our house and our lives.   Welcome back!
Never feel the pressure to expose the baby to the internet;). I actually write about homeschooling (& have since the kids were little) yet their faces weren't on the site or social media until they were older. I also still don't have their names out there on the regular, even tho they occasionally do videos with me. I don't regret keeping my parenting stories and specifics to myself until they were older. Now, a bit of mum practical advice from an old mum. If you lay on your front when you are nursing and the baby starts crying... You may be laying in a pool of milk very quickly, before you fully wake up. Especially during the growth spurts. Congrats, he is adorable.
Congrats on your lovely little one and your new stage of life! Sending tons of support for keeping personal things as private as you want. We all deserve that. I always respect the thoughtful way you approach things and this is another great example. Cheers!
So glad you're back! Also, I'm not biased and I also think Ralph is the cutest thing I've ever seen.
He’s so precious!  Thank you for sharing your plans with us, and as a mom I appreciate your stance of wanting to parent offline!
Oh my Ralph is the cutest!!! ♥️
Oh Ralph is gorgeous. Welcome back 💛
I am crying actual tears haha wow my mama heart can’t take it! He is perfection, so so beautiful! I’m so over the moon happy for you guys 😍💙😍💙
Having a work/life boundary is SO important! I’m so glad you’ve chosen to have a boundary there and maintain it. Congratulations on your new baby, looking forward to upcoming content from you!
Welcome back! It's so nice to hear you talk again! Missed your content and just so exited to have you back. Ralph is obviously such a babe! ❤️
I am so happy!! Really Missed you, Anna!!you look fab! Well done and congratulation! Ralph is too much 😍😍😍
Missed you and love your baby Ralph and you!!  We're going to have a little sunshine in our life soon too, cannot wait.
Congratulations!!! So happy for you and your beautiful family!! Lots of love your way! XOXO So happy to see you back! XO
OH my GOODNESSSSSSS! What an adorable FACE!!!!
Oh my goodness… the noise level of a newborn!! No one talks about it, but they really throw you those first few night hahaha   So here for you creating this space for you!! It can be overwhelming how quickly motherhood and parenthood takes over every aspect of life, so I love that you’re so strong with your boundaries! You were/are my escape to normalcy in my  parenting journey so I am all here for beauty/organisation/lifestyle videos, bring on the onslaught of sponsorship videos!!
So good to see you, congratulations! I would LOVE to see you do a capsule wardrobe for Estée Lalonde!
💙
So so happy to have you back, Anna! Ralph is absolutely gorgeous and love to see you absolutely beaming talking about him. Very much respect to you and your boundaries around what content yo share. Also love that you want to have something just for you to maintain who you are as an individual. I love that and love you! Welcome back ❤️🤗
He's so gorgeous! Amazing to have you back Anna xx
Ralph is just the cutest little nugget!!! I can’t stand it 🤗 Congratulations on your growing family 💞
Anna, you are glowing. ✨I’m happy you are back and I would love baby content here and there, but up to you.
Really loved your perspective on sharing Ralph online Anna. Lovely to see your videos again!
Yaaaay! Welcome back! So thrilled to see you, hear about how things are going, and for everything to come!
You seem so happy! Sending you, Mark, and the cutest baby Ralph so much love💖 welcome back!
Ralph is adorable. Go you for doing what is right for you and feeling like you don't want to share what feels private for you ❤️ Your job is a tough one and you have to do what feels right for you.
Sooo cute...beautiful baby ❤❤❤
So thrilled to have you back!! Congratulations to you and Mark on this new chapter of liiife. Welcome sweet Ralph 💫
Happy To have you back 🧡🧡🧡
Thanks for another great video. Tami
Cuteness overload in the first ten seconds already 🥰🥰🥰 So so glad you're back!!!
Congrats Anna and Family… and I 100% support and understand not wanting to share a ton of “mum stuff” and keeping those personal things, personal… in todays day and age. People are mean and judgmental and rude… there is also the flip side to that, with good people and support, but I would be the same if I was in the public eye ❤️
I so respect your decision to keep your family life private! I applaud you, you’re already such a thoughtful momma ✨💛
Congratulations, Ralph is such an adorable little boy! 💙🧸 Best wishes to you and Mark in your parent role…..it is the best adventure of your life!
So excited you are back!
Aww, Ralph is so adorable! 😍 I've missed your videos, welcome back!
You look so happy and you glow ! It's really great to see a new mum like this. I gave birth 6 weeks ago to my first son! I missed you on YT, but take your time ! <3
I actually LOVE that you’re going to keep to regular content with a small peppering of parenting. For those of us without kids it can sometimes feel very overwhelming when someone you follow suddenly becomes baby/parenting centric (which I actually totally understand). Welcome back our favorite YouTuber ❤️ P.S Ralph is perfect
Not me crying while Anna sniffs Ralph’s head.
On Anna, you're glowing! So happy for you as and Mark. Ralph is precious.💛
Welcome back Anna. You have been missed and Ralph is the cutest! I am not a mom but i totally relate to what u said about not wanting to share some parts of your life and not wanting it to be online. Can't wait to hear about all the outfits and makeup and Ralph too. Xx
Anna!!! So glad you are back! I remember you saying Ralph would have your hair and he does have a head full of hair:D I can see both you and Mark in him:)  I also call my baby Mr Baby hahah:D  Totally here for the baby stuff<3
He is BEAUTIFUL!!!!
Welcome back Anna and welcome to the world Ralph! It is so wonderful to see the joy and overwhelm of emotions that Ralph brings you. Motherhood is such a trip. Hugs to you and your little fam and so excited to have you back online! Getting back to work is so so hard so give yourself plenty of grace!
Welcome back to both of you! Ralph is so gorgeous I’m having twin boys end of Jan and I can’t wait to meet them now xxxx
I so love his little name, he looks like a little Ralph! Glad to have you back and congratulations ❤️
He is divine!
so happy to have you back! ralph is a darling little cuddle bug!!
He is absolutely scrumptious 🥰
As a new mum (of a 5 day old), I can totally understand where you’re coming from. You want to protect yourself and your baby and that is exactly what I would be doing in a public forum. My favourite videos/content are from your real life experiences. I find them so relatable, maybe more so than the beauty videos, but I still enjoy them too. I would be lying if I said I’m not disappointed that you won’t be sharing much mum stuff. I love your perspective and feel like I could learn a lot from your experience, especially because you’re a few months ahead of me. But like everyone has been saying, you have to what’s right for you. Thanks for being true to yourself and congratulations on the birth of wee Ralph ❤️
So happy to have you back and Ralph ist sooo cute🙌🏼❣️🎉So excited for your content in the next weeks and months😊
Such a treat to have you back, Anna! As a long-time subscriber, it truly feels like being reunited with an old friend ☺️ Little Ralph is an actual angel on earth, and I’m beyond certain that you and Mark are the best parents on the planet. So love that you’re finding a balance that feels right and healthy for you for your new work/mum life, the interweb needs more of that!   Cannot wait for your beauty, book, and baking content 😍 And already so excited for your favorites video!
I’m so glad you’re back you have been missed! Welcome baby Ralph!
Congrats to the new parents! Omg how exciting to see you with Ralph. Sending lots of love and good vibes to you and Markn❤️
Does he have a middle name?
ohh so good to see you and hear you're happy and excited and have adjusted well!! :))) Always so good to stick to your boundaries <3
It’s so good to see you again ♥️ Welcome baby Ralph ✨
Ralph is beyond beautiful. Congratulations! Can I ask where the pink floral door knob is from please?
Congratulations again glad your back missed you both
Omg, that's the cutest baby ever 😍🥰😇
Congrats! He’s adorable and you look wonderful!
Congratulations Ralph is just the most beautiful little baby boy. It is so nice to see you looking so well. I absolutely agree with you keeping your work life and your Mum life separate. You both need to be able to enjoy the time you have with Ralph because believe you me they grow up so quickly you really don't want to miss a minute of it. While you will not be sharing Ralph visually I'm sure there will be the odd funny/surprising/inspiring story re Ralph now and again.
Glad you are back, beautiful baby, blessings ❤️
Sending you all so much love. And well done you for setting boundaries as to what you want to share. Very happy to have you back ❤️
The way I immediately started sobbing when I saw Ralph’s little face and you holding him 😭
He's a beauty!
1. He is beautiful and those cheeks are edible. I can almost smell the baby smell through the screen. 2. I’m so excited for your new videos. I’m so proud/glad that you have set your boundaries, this will serve you well.  3. The sleep deprivation will end one day. 😀 Mine are 14, 16 & 23 and I still have sleepless nights, but nothing like that bone tired delirium.  ❤️❤️❤️ to you all.
So lovely to see you back, Anna! Ralph is too cute!
He’s beautiful! 😍
Congratulations you two. Welcome to the world little one  He is absolute perfection. 🤗🎉
I'm thrilled for you three and your parents and families! Ralph is distinguished name and masculine. 🥰 Thank you for showing him! I was hopeful for that. We love you 💟
So so excited to have you back! And my gosh Ralph is beautiful! So happy for you and Mark. Keep him close to you, and totally respect your privacy 😊
Welcome back!
What a sweety! Very content. Perfect.
Congratulations! Ralph’s adorable! I can’t hear the name Ralph/Ralphie without thinking of “A Christmas Story”, my favorite Christmas movie. 🎄✨❤️
Also you look fantastic Anna 😍🥰 just stunning
anna you’re glowing!! so so happy to see you back and to meet little ralph, and i absolutely love the message in this video, it’s very refreshing! sending lots of love from france💓
Awwww beautiful baby Ralph you’re so handsome xoxo I’m afraid he’s stole the show 😍🥰😍😘
Welcome back! Little Ralph is just the cutest!
I cried...he's so beautiful 😍
She is back !!!!! I think any mom understands the things you didn’t say 😂 . Birth stories are sooooo personal ; and any mom understands the desire to have your own life ! ❤️ good to have you Back
Good for you setting boundaries of what you're comfortable sharing.  Pregnancy and motherhood do tend to be areas where other people have a lot of opinions, even if kindly meant, which can be a bit intense.  Looking forward to hearing any future plans you guys are starting to think of for the garden and interior of the house (and of course fashion content too!).
Props to you for prioritising your mental health and personal space!!
He's beautiful
Aww, he is ADORABLE!! Congratulations!!
Funny how you come back the day Lily tells us goodbye. I don't know how i would have dealt with both of you offline 😁
Man that’s a perfect baby 😍
Welcome back Anna and what an fabulous explaination, also so refreshing as someone who doesn’t haven’t children to know that your content will still be relevant for me ( I’d watch your content either way!) hope what ever you choose to share makes you feel good… that’s all that matters really x
Yes! Please, baby and new mom must haves!!! My due date is in Januay!! :D
I personally love that you are using your channel as an escape and will share mostly non baby content on here (even though I loved seeing the adorable baby Ralph). I respect your boundaries!
Couldn’t help but smiling the whole video!! so happy to see you back on YT, and baby Ralph is the cutest thing ever! 🥰
Welcome back!! Many congratularions to the 3 of you 🥰
Yes!!! She's back, back again 😁😁😁
So glad you’re back Anna! You’ve been a vital part of my Sunday morning cleaning routine for a good long while now. Glad I’ll have your voice back in my kitchen while I mop the floors. 🥰
Welcome back, Anna and Mark! Congrats on the cutest kid in the world ❤️
He soooooooo cute!!!!😍
So lovely to see you and your beautiful family, Anna! Welcome back 💕
Well what ever you want to put on the internet I'm glad we've seen that darling little face he looks like his mummy well done you xxx
ohhhhh Beautiful little baby ... beautiful family .... sweet ... All the best for you all ...  Smiles from Portugal ... :)
Oh my congratulations Anna blessings
He’s so precious, congrats Anna and Mark!
Who is here watching Anna since she was single, married now have kids? I feel like I am growing up with you. All the while I am still single, but getting married next month 😂 Btw… He is so cute!!
I missed your weekly vids!  So happy your back and Ralph looks adorable 🥰. Also, love your regular content and would 💯 feel the same about sharing my private life and my child on the internet.  Here for you, whatever you want to share!
It’s good to have you back. Welcome baby Ralph. Love from South Africa 🇿🇦
omg he is beautiful
So cute!!!!
Anna, so glad to see You back! Ralph  is so cute!
He is sooo cute those cheeks 😍 happy to see you back, you have been missed but honestly I don’t know how you can put him down to do any work lol I would just spend my days looking at him
he's so precious!!! congrats!! <3
So great to see you back. You look so happy it’s great ! You are the one and only that can choose what you want to share or not and so honnest to tell us that I respect you so much for that. You are the best ! So happy to see you again. Looking forward for the content to come. Take care. ❤️
He’s perfect! Congratulations!!
Welcome back, Newtons! YOU are amazing! YOU are doing this!
Missed you so much Anna!! 100% support your decision and extremely excited to have you back - bring on Anna 2.0!! 🤩
So happy that you are back…. Ralph is so gorgeous….. happy that you realise from the beginning that you have to find balance of sharing your private life on internet especially that is your work….. I have the same opinion like you….. hardly wait next Sunday 😘😘😘😘
o my god! such  cute baby..congrats and greetings from Tbilisi
He is absolutely gorgeous xxxxxx 🥰🥰🥰🥰 so happy for you both xxxxxx
It’s so good to see you again!!!
Welcome back Anna, what a wonderful surprise to see you had posted! Ralph is just adorable, thank you for introducing him to us. Totally respect your decision, we are here because we love your content and will continue to love your content whatever you decide to share with us. Love and hugs from Germany ❤️
MY GOD WE HAVE MISSED YOU!!! BABY RALPH!!!!! WELCOME TO THE WORLD 😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭😭
Yay....missed you. Ralph is adorable  gosh he looks like Mark. Well done and glad your back. X
Your little ray of sunshine ☀️ is so cute and adorable!  Welcome to parenthood! I love the name!
Aww, Ralph! He's got so much personality! Welcome back! :D
It's official: You truly are THE most chill & positive person on the Internet, and I am loving it!
Oh my gosh Ralph is so adorable! :)  The cheeks! ❤️
Welcome back!! Super duper happy you’re back 💞🥰🥰 Ralph is absolutely adorable! Congratulations 💕😘
I AM SO HAPPY that you are back ! Little Ralph is the absolute cutest. I totally agree with  you on the matter 🥰. I wish you all the best and I can't wait to see your future videos. They always bring me happiness !
Could you please add a link to the H&M wrap bra you mentioned? because they have more than one and I don't know which one is better
So nice to see you back!!! Your son is sooo cute!!! 💙
You do you! Welcome back and welcome beautiful Ralph!
Couldn’t be happier to have you back and completelyyyyyy understand your position on content 💕
Aaah you're back! Really really missed your content and friendly face :) Ralph is soooo cute, is it just me or is he literally a mini Mark? And please don't feel pressured to share Ralph, we're here for the Anna Edit :) xx
Ralph is so adorable.
Ralph is gorgeous and sooooo  yummy. Seeing you with him is the sweetest thing. Huge congrats to you and Mark and extended family. You ROCK
So glad you’re back! Congratulations on being firm and up front about your boundaries- so much respect for that stance
You look fabulous & the Baby Ralph is ADORABLE!!
Welcome back Anna. Ralph is absolutely adorable ❤️ you’re in a beautiful phase of your life now. Wishing u 3 nothing but the best. ☺️
I gasped when I saw this video, so glad you are back with your beautiful baby 💖💖💖💖
Ralph is such a sweet little squish! Please know that we all respect and appreciate any boundaries you have about the personal content you share. We're just happy to see you again!
I love that you introduced your little Ralph today! You look wonderful and it’s lovely to see you back. I think it’s pretty natural for content to evolve as your life changes in dramatic ways, but of course you are always you, even after baby joins the family.
Congratulations! He is gorgeous! 💖
Having your own thing as a mom is so important! Keep this your personal place and share what you feel comfortable with but make sure it is in line with your values and boundaries. I am so happy for you. Also, am I noticing your mom sway? 😍😍 I am so happy to see you back.
Ralph is such  a great name - my grandad was called Ralph and I’ve always wanted to call a son of mine this, wonderful choice of name 🥰
Gosh this made my day! Ralph is so delicious!!! So happy you’re back, Anna ❤️
So happy you’re back Anna! And you’ll get nothing but respect and love for however you balance motherhood and work ❤️
What a beautiful baby boy!! So happy for you and Mark, he’s a lucky little one 💗 so happy to have you back!
Aww You’re so lovely Anna, it’s so strange seeing you change over the 10 years I’ve been watching you and now you have a little baby! It’s Amazing and you look so so happy x x
This made me so emotional! I am not a mom myself but I just really connected with your glow - it’s clear you are so happy and fulfilled!
So happy to see you back Anna, Ralph Looks super cute!! Congratulations again xxx
OMG!  He’s adorable ❤️
Welcome back! 🙂 Love that you rocked this whole video 😂 such a Mum thing! He’s gorgeous, congratulations 🥰 x
Happy you're back! Totally get what you're saying and support it! X
Welcome back Anna! It's nice to see you again!🥰
THE WAY I SCREAMED WHEN I SAW THIS VIDEO. hi anna & mark, missed you. and hi ralphhh 💖
Nice to see you back on YT. You are looking great. Baby Ralph is gorgeous. You are right to set your boundaries from the start. 💙
💟💟💟
Anna is looking different, so feminine in a way, i dont know how to explain but this litle buddy made her glow differently!
Congratulations , he’s beautiful 🥰
<3
Congratulations on your beautiful baby!!! So happy for you! So happy to have you back! Can’t wait for your new content 💗💗💗
He is adorable Anna!!! I am so happy for you and Mark❤️❤️❤️❤️
Congratulations and welcome back! As much as Ralph is cute🥰 it's perfectly understandable you don't want to expose him and share too much about your motherhood experience. I do think it's nice that you'll have your niche to focus on other things. We loved watching your content pre Ralph and we're glad you're back.
Ohh Anna!!! He's so adorable. Welcome back! I've missed you videos so much. Also, your baby isn't for consumption. So many of us totally get it. I'm so excited you're back! ❤
He’s a mini Mark with Anna eyes😍 Welcome back! You have been missed💙 x
Welcome back! He is beautiful!!
May be an unpopular opinion - BUT this is exactly what i like to see - not a beauty channel turning into a baby channel.  Also the baby doesn’t choose to be on the internet.  Thanks Anna and CONGRATS!
Hi bb Ralph! 🥰 He's so cute.  Welcome back, Anna!
Jool’s Oliver wrote a great book a few years back about the reality of having babies. It really made me feel better about what I was going through.
So good to see you! ❤️🥰
Dear Anna, we are super happy to see you back! Ralph is amazing! You and Mark are wonderful parents! Good luck and take a good good care! Hugs from Moscow ☺️🙏🙌
Sooooo happy you are back! I welcome all the baby Ralph videos 🙂 thank you for sharing!
Welcome back!  Congrats on the baby - he is adorable.  What chubby cheeks, so sweet!
Yay! Welcome back 😊 Ralph is a little cherub. Looking forward to the new videos 😊
He’s gorgeous Anna! Congratulations and welcome back!
Anna! Ralph! Marks’s voice! ❤️ so glad to have you back! You all were so missed.
Your son is an absolute cutie! So glad to see you back! Congratulations on the little one!
He is perfect! Congratulations
Congratulations  on the birth of your baby he is  gorgeous
Welcome back Anna (and Mark)! Of course you must carry on in the way that makes most sense for you and your family, that's totally understandable. Ralph is gorgeous, enjoy this new chapter of your life, and best wishes as you start back to work.
So happy to have Sunday morning videos back! Ralph is adorable!
Welcome welcome welcome back oh how we have missed you guys! He is the sweetest boy!
He’s perfect. What a little cutie 💙  You look amazing too Anna…..not as cute as Ralph though haha 💕
Anna is back!! Yes! And with a baby boy!! So good to have you back Anna!! Wishing you all the best!!!
I'm so happy because you are happy!
Hey Anna 🤗 welcome back, lovely to see you and baby Ralph. Totally get what you said about keeping baby life separate - you’ve got to do what’s right for you and your family. Looking forward to seeing all your content as always. Sending you a huge hug 😘 xxx
Yay Anna is back! And 3 cheers for baby Ralph🎊
I really felt protective of my kiddo and showing too much of him on social media when he was first born, my pregnancy in general was hard to post and feel comfortable showing. And I just have family and friends on my platforms. It's 100% your business to post what you feel comfortable with.  I'm just so happy for you and your family! Congratulations Anna ❤
Congratulations Anna and Mark! Glad to see you back. I respect that you’re not going to share much of Ralph, I find it really uncomfortable when youtubers become family channels and share every details of their kids life, seems so dangerous!
Oh I’m so happy you’re back! Ralph is so adorable! Congrats on getting through those hard months. Newborn stage is so hard but amazing at the same time. Also, motherhood is doing you WELL! You look stunning! So happy for you three!
Hi Anna & Mark & BABY ANGEL RALPH 🥺💕  Welcome back, I’ve missed you on Sunday mornings :) Wishing you and your family the absolute best
Aww Ralph is simply ADORABLE and looks like both mom & dad!! Even though I love all things baby and mom related I do understand the need to protect your privacy on how you raise your child.  Thanks for sharing with us and can't wait to hear all about your upcoming content!!!   #enjoyyourSunday
Oh Anna, he's divine! Congratulations to you, Mark and your families on the newest addition. Seeing as you don't want to share, it's not a requirement for being a content creator. You're more than a mom, and that's fandamntastic that you are: bring on the #Markedit, #bakingedit, your 10x10s. All the thing's you've shared over the year's, not that I'm adverse to seeing sweet Ralph, he's just a baby, and deserves his own privacy as you've stated.  Welcome back, Anna!  ❤
I’d love to see a new baby essentials video please! My first is due in April ❤️
Congratulations Anna, Ralph is the cutest baby ever (you're not biased and he looks like Mark!). Selfishly I'm happy to hear that you're not turning into a 'mum-life' channel. Your content is lovely without you having to share private details about your family.❤️
Good to have you back! Ralph looks the cutest🥰
Yay! So happy you’re back Anna! We missed you! Ralph is gorg xx
Congratulations Anna and Mark! Enjoy this new chapter in your lives!
He's beautiful! Congratulations!!!
Oh gosh this was like the biggest warmest hug on a Sunday morning! Welcome back Anna! We are all so happy to have yah back here! xo Ralph is just adorable!
Oh my God, he is adorable!! Lovely to see you back! X
such a beautiful baby!!
So happy to see you again, great video. Big hug for your standing and your thoughtfulness for little Ralph (he is sooo cute).🤗
Congrats, Anna! Your little Ralph is adorable. He looks a lot like Mark but I think he has your eyes.  It's good that your are establishing your boundaries in terms of what you want to share and what you don't.
So happy you are back! Beautiful Ralph! So wonderful you are honest and authentic about your life! Truly inspiring xx
I am so happy you are back! I actually just had a dream the other night that you had made a new video and was so disappointed it wasn’t real when I woke up (except Ralph’s name was Fergus in this dream video which was lol). I appreciate you two introducing us to your gorgeous son, wishing you two all the best in this next chapter!!
Aww I missed you Anna! So happy for you both❤️❤️❤️
So lovely to hear that you won't be sharing little Ralph, it's really refreshing parents respecting their childs privacy.
Welcome back!! I am nowhere near being a mum but loved hearing and seeing your joy! xx
Welcome back!! Baby Ralph is just adorable. I remember being so tired when my twins were babies, but I loved it all :) I think because we had twins it was so hard to go anywhere where we were not noticed. It was a bit much people coming up to us.
Ralph is perfect 😭❤️ and I'm so happy you're back! Welcome to motherhood, it looks good on you!
Aaaah he is gorgeous! So happy for you guys I bet you guys are great parents he looks like a great mix of both of you and like himself 👶
It’s so lovely to have you back! I have missed you. Ralph is so flipping cute! X
Oh boy he’s precious
Welcome back!!! I fully respect your decision to keep your motherhood as private as you need to feel comfortable. You are already an awesome mother and I am so thrilled for you to be on this journey!
Oh my goodness Mark's spitting image! :O So sweet!!!
Anna welcome back! I missed you. Ralph is so adorable… so happy to have an Anna video this Sunday!
Sorry you feel you can’t share too much. Totally understand your thinking but also sure you are the best mum in the world. There are hateful people on the net so well done for protecting yourself (and Ralph) from it. Sending love 🥰
Thank you for sharing sweet baby Ralph. He’s a love! ❤️ Glad to have you back and that things are well. Good job mommy! Whatever you decide to share with us, it will be appreciated.
Oh Anna, we missed you so much and I’m so happy you’re back and baby Ralph is with us now!!! I’ve always adored your vids and the way you’re putting the subject having in mind preggy ladies out here..it’s amazing! Can’t wait for your content from now on! And I NEED to see Mark cuz he was so excited!!! Lots of love from Brazil ❤️
Congratulations and welcome back!
I have missed you! But I am thrilled for you! Cutest baby ever!
This was such a great and cute intro 💙 Have a nice sunday, Anna 💕
Congratulations Anna and Mark!!! Ralph is the sweetest baby and there's nothing like that new baby smell. My brother's name is Ralph but as an adult he changed the spelling to Ralf. I laughed when you mentioned the nipple situation because the pain was real the first 2 weeks of nursing and I found a nipple cream that helped ,but there were times the child could of starved. I respect your decision and I'm excited to see you guys come back. Perhaps a nursery tour without Ralph's presence and any new renovations, as my daughter just bought a house and new ideas are welcome.
Congratulations 🎉 and
Totally get you about the front sleeping thing! What a disappointment when you come home from the hospital😟
Baby Ralph is so adorable. Congratulations and welcome back 😊.
Welcome back Anna! And welcome Ralph <3
So great to have you back! On the other hand, I find it so shocking that everyone and anyone thinks they have the right to preach to new mothers and be so opinionated about them, so much so that they don’t even want to share stuff online. I guess everyone is doing their best - so just let them live and mind your own business.
I can see you in ralph!! so cute x
that was...the best intro to your video of all your videos <3
What people don't tell you:  - the hair fallout around month 3 or 4, MY WORD  Mum to 5 year old twins here, I forget the first few months and up to a year probably, I just have snippets of memories but it's mostly a hazy mess. I remember the pain from the episiotomy and the journey home from the hospital, holding onto that passenger handle and simultaneously trying to levitate.  Ralph is beautiful, congratulations again and enjoy all those lovely snuggles 💛
I admire your ethos surrounding all of this! Welcome back! Your sweet boy just seems like a gift to the world. Congrats to you and to Mark! Enjoy every minute ❤️
I could watch you hold your baby all day!!! How beautiful motherhood looks on you 🥰✨
SO excited to have you back!!! Congratulations on your beautiful baby boy, he is just the sweetest! ♥️
So adorable! Congratulations. Enjoy this chapter in your life this new born stage will fly by. Ps. LOVE his name! Glad your well x
So lovely to see you again! 💙Welcome back and look forward to watching your vlogs! 🌟
Congratulations Anna! 💓He really is the cutest! And it is great to have you back, definitely missed you! Lots of love to you and your lovely family! 💓
I love that you are creating clear boundaries 👏 massive respect! Lovely to see you back!
I’m so glad your back and your tiny human is the cutest. Do whatever you need to do for your family and don’t worry. You’re doing great!
Welcome back Anna! We’ve missed you! Ralph is so adorable ❤️
Welcome back! Oh my gosh Ralph is scrumptious, and seeing the love you have for him makes me want to cry. Totally understand your preference to keep birth and motherhood protected and private, I felt in a magical bubble and didn't want anyone to burst it.
Lilly says goodbye and Anna is back !!!!! , you are clearly loving motherhood and Ralph is so cute - thoes cheeks xxx
So happy to have you back! Ralph is beautiful, so so happy for your family🤍🤍
OMG, he is just BEAUTIFUL!!! Congratulations, Anna and Mark!!
Welcome back!!! love that you've said what your boundaries are, so much respect for you. Very excited to have you back and that you blessed us with a baby Ralph appearance. x
Welcome back! Congratulations on the newborn, Ralph is adorable! I think I would resonate so much with your approach if I were in your shoes, so good that you're doing you. So happy to have you back here, I just love your vibe x
Ralph does not need to be shared.  He is for you and the hubby. Enjoy him.   He is a cutie!
First of all, it’s so great to see you. Ralph is ABSOLUTELY ADORABLE! I feel the love vibrating off from you. I’m a mom of two boys, 8- and 5-years old, and I remember the first moments and weeks of having son #1 home as intense. I had extremely protective feelings to the point that I wanted no visitors, even family, over to see him the first couple of weeks. I can completely understand your feelings about not wanting to share much baby/mom stuff going forward. You do whatever you feel is right. So happy that you are so happy and so in love; it’s wonderful to see that. Congratulations! Kiss those chubby baby cheeks for me!
So happy you are back sharing some great videos with the world!
Omg Anna, Ralph is so precious! Thank you for sharing!
Omg I’m so excited you’re back. I’ve missed you! Ralph is gorgeous and you look so well. Definitely understand keeping your son away from social media and your professional life. I show photos of my son but that’s about it. He doesn’t need a camera in his face all day. We should respect our children’s right to privacy. Can’t wait for your November content. Xxx
He is totally is the cutest he’s absolutely gorgeous xx you two made him, aren’t you bloody brilliant. Thanks for sharing xxx
Welcome back, Anna! We’re so happy to see you (and baby Ralph!).
So happy you're back! I've missed seeing your videos on my subscription page. Ralph is so adorable, congrats to you and Mark! x
THE CUTEST BABY
You do you, mama bear.  We’re here for ALL the content!
Congratulations he’s absolutely beautiful! Much support to you both for healthy boundaries.
Congratulations!
Welcome back!
So happy to have you back!! I’ve miss you!!! I love you sharing what you are comfortable with! Can’t wait for next video! Anna is back ^^
Cheers to you for setting boundaries!!! Fully support that!!!! I also encourage you to keep a space (work or what have you) for yourself. I was a stay at home mom for 10 years until divorce changed that. I work full time now. I absolutely cherish and am so grateful for the time I was able to be a SAHM but...I love my work! I also feel in some ways I'm a better mom because of having something that just fulfills a different part of who I am. I also think because there is some separation, I am more intentional and present with my kids. Everyone has different needs and abilities. My kids are thriving and I am thriving. That's what matters. So kudos to you for acknowledging your needs and creating the boundaries to support that.
❤️
So cute 😊
I’m literally only 10 seconds in and I’m SO HAPPY you’re back! Welcome back Anna ❤️ Ralph is absolutely adorable 🥰
So glad to have you back! Ralph’s the cutest 💕💕💕
Yay! So excited that you’re back!
Welcome back girl! Ralph is the cutest! Totally understandable for you wanting to keep baby Ralph out of social media. Glad though you showed him for a welcome glance, appriciate it!
Soooo cuuuuute! welcome back sweetie! Oooh I bet he smells amazing (most of the time XD) You have changed, always gorgeous, but mamalicious :)
I'm so excited that you're back!!!! I totally understand not sharing personal things- i'm the same way too! Was wondering if you can do an updated blogging/youtube post? you've gotten all this new tech- would love to know more about how you're set up has changed since your original posts! xx
Wow!! Congratulations on your baby!
I'm sure some baby stuff will creep into your videos Anna, he's a huge part of your life now!    I for one loved that the pregnancy didn't take away from your content.  I can't personally relate to having children, but you're an amazing person and very relevant so if your channel did take a a different turn I think you'd still be someone people would want to watch regardless.  I'm so glad you're back! (Also forgive me if any of this didn't make sense, I'm on my first cuppa and it's daylight savings time hugs and kisses from Canada!)
Welcome back! We’ve missed you and are thrilled to have you back! Ralph looks like the sweetest cuddlebug, and you Newtons are so lucky to have each other. Enjoy this time together, and we look forward to your future content.🥰
Congratulations to you all !He is bloody gorgeous ❤️❤️❤️❤️👶
This was just the happiest video! I smiled the entire way through. The three of you look so happy and delighted ♥️ lots of love!
!❤️❤️❤️!
My grandfather's name was Ralph- so sweet that older names are coming back! Wishing you and Mark and Ralph the best!:)
I cannot tell you how much joy it brought me to see that you had posted! You’re back!!! 🥰🥰🥰 And I completely respect and admire your boundaries around your new family- whatever you do, know that we’ll be here for it 😊
Welcome back!! U were very missed! Ralph is just incredibly cute and seeing you as a Mum is so sweet. It is so clear how much u love and adore him and I can totally see Mummy Anna in u now. I admire your bravery and stance with wanting to keep him off line and that part of your life private! When it comes to parenting, everyone thinks it’s their place to give their opinions and it can really make you 2nd guess yourself, especially as a new parent and it can really cause a lot of mental strain in what is already a difficult time. You do what’s best for you, Mark and Ralph. Really enjoyed seeing him though and his eyes are amazing! Take care 🌸
Welcome back and congratulations on Ralph. He is gorgeous ♥️
Welcome back Anna and congratulations to you and Mark on becoming parents. So pleased to see your smiling face and looking forward to all the new content. ❤
Truly missed you around here 🤍
Soo adorable!❤️😌Congratulations!🎊
So happy to see you back! Good for you for finding those boundaries you feel comfortable with! Those mama instincts are no joke, right?! Ralph is insanely cute!!
Welcome back!! So happy to see you again ❤️❤️ your little hedgehog is so sweet! 😂😂
It's so good to have you back, I've missed your content over the past few months and you coming back the day before my birthday feels like a special treat. Ralph is adorable congratulations!
Little baby Ralph is so beautiful 😍 xx
I’m so excited you’re back! I have a 2yo son and don’t show much of him at all on my beauty Instagram. I totally relate to wanting to keep that part of your life private :)
Yay, so happy that you're back!
Oh my goodness, Ralph is absolutely perfect! Congratulations!
RALPH😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍😍
Yay! Congrats! You’re bursting with happiness. Life is good! Welcome back ♥️
My first baby is a month away from being 16 years old and there are two things that I still recall so vividly. The first is that my nurse turned my epidural off and I gave birth to a 9 pound baby with no pain relief, but once she was out I had zero pain. I remember the doctor coming in to check my stitches and she kept pushing pain meds, but I wasn’t hurting. After you’ve gone through 18 hours of pitocin labor with no pain relief, and pushed a giant baby out, nothing hurts. 😆 The other thing I remember vividly is one day I was really exhausted and my daughter was sleeping in her swing. I laid down on the couch beside her swing and slept. She took a two hour nap, and I did too, but I remember that when I heard her stirring I started crying uncontrollably because I was so exhausted. She must have been about a week and a half old. The good news is that the second baby is a breeze as far as exhaustion goes. You’re already worn down so you don’t feel like you’re missing out on sleep. 😂 Ralph is such a beautiful baby boy. Congratulations to you and Mark! ❤️
Anna! I'm soooo happy you're back! Welcome back 😃 And Ralph is absolutely adorable! You're such a lovely family ❤️
I couldn't agree more. I hated being pregnant, I was so sick for the whole thing. Labour wasn't a walk in the park but it was over in a few hours and you get the best prize ever for doing it.
He is beautiful, nice mix of mama and papa ❤
Welcome back! And as always, so wonderful to see you set and share clear boundaries. Love  you always manage to keep things to yourself and only share at the time you feel ready (and love the surprise we get each time, never forget the 'we bought a house' vid haha). Happy to have you back in my subscription box <3
Glad to have you back! You do you re mum online stuff, don’t feel any pressure at all x
Anna!!!!! Ralph is precious! What a sweet boy and he looks like both of you! Perfect mix!! Totally understand keeping your family life close to your chest. We are happy to have you back! You’ve been missed! Xo
"all sorts of things like fly out.."  omg, flashbacks to my post-partum shower horror shows, haha
Awwhh so happy for you guys! Congratulations on being new parents, you’re both doing amazingly, he’s adorable! and welcome back!! 🙌🏼💙
Aww Anna, wish I could give you the tightest hug! Welcome back lovely, Ralphie is soo cute and a real credit to your hard. Just watched 'Aunty Anna' cuddled with my 15 month old. Cannot wait for everything coming up!! Xxx
❤️❤️❤️ welcome back
❤
So lovely to have you back, and thank you for sharing your beautiful Ralph with us.  😘
You look radiant🙌🏼 great to have you back!
When was he born? Heartiest congratulations 🥳
From virgo to virgo i understand every single word. Very healthy and smart. Your son is soooo cute. I send him an angel. Have a lovely day guys. Happy to have you back.
Ralph is so cute! I fully agree about sharing Mom content online - it opens you up to so many comments & criticisms and I wouldn't do it either :-)
We are all here for you Anna, so so glad you are back and I can absolutely relate to not sharing things online. I decided not to share photos of my son at all on social media and I’m not even famous 😂 Ralph is adorable 🥰
Congratulations 🎈🎈🎉🎉
First up… loved the video and so nice to see you back on a Sunday morning. Totally respect your career choice to not share motherhood with the world. I don’t even let my child’s school/play school put photos on social media. I think it’s nice that you’re protecting him. Only tiny, tiny small comment I wasn’t wild about the spinning office chair. I ended up listening but not watching. Great to see you back though 😘
He’s gorgeous! Cannot wait to have you back every Sunday, all my love to you and mark, you’re smashing it! X
We missed you!
welcome back :). respect your decision to keep your mum/ work life separate its nice for you to have a space where you can be Anna. Ralph is a cutie congratulations
So excited to see you again ❤️
Well said! I love & appreciate your candid approach to your channel & thought process. Always take care of yourselves first. Be well✌️❤️🌞
Welcome back, dear Anna! 🥳 It's lovely to hear from you again. Ralph is absolutely adorable! 😍 I'm sure everyone will understand you only sharing as much as you're comfortable with!
I can't even... the perfect timing between you and Lily is just... 🤣
I truly don’t think I’ve seen you looking happier in a video in all these years. Motherhood has you glowing!
Welcome back!! Ralph is such a cutie!!
weclome back! :) and thank you so much for charing Ralph with us, he looks adorable. a big hug to you all and I can't wait for your next video baby realated or not. take care :)
Congratulations and welcome back 💕💕💕💕
Motherhood / baby content is my fave 😍 congratulations on little Ralph. I hope you recovered well x
Gorgeous baby congratulations Anna and Mark😘
soooo good to see you back!! And helloo Ralphhhh😍 I completely understand you setting these boundaries and it just seems very true to you, xx
Ralph ♥️♥️♥️
Squealed when I saw this notification! 💛
SO refreshing to hear you're take on keeping your son protected online, I love that. And so happy you are back x
Welcome back Anna! It's good to see you again. Ralph is too cute. I feel like squishing him. :) <3
Ralph is so cute! So happy for you! My youngest is 15 months old and I can’t believe he was that small not a long time ago! Enjoy every second!
Congratulations! I’m so happy for you and your family.
Hi Anna! first of all: your son is the sweetest little human being ever! He is sooooo cute 🥺 I admire so much your way to face the thing about sharing your personal life on the internet and I think you made the best choice.  We are so respectful of your space and your family, so if not sharing too much on the internet makes you happy please keep doing this because we only want to see you doing what makes you happy!🌸I'm soooo excited about your coming back, because you have the best taste about makeup and style and I can't wait to read your blog and watching your videos again! you are my fave fave blogger❤️ Have a beautuful day Anna!🌞
Welcome back and congratulations to your family. 💫
Not even started watching, but wanted to comment with a 💛 for the past you worried we wouldn’t be back after your maternity leave🙏🏻 clicked on this so fast🏃🏻‍♀️
Yessssssss 🎉 WELCOME BACK 🎉🎉
Greetings from Nova Scotia!🇨🇦. Congratulations on your beautiful baby boy - such joy!  Look forward to your videos!
Welcome back 💕 congratulations both of you, he’s beautiful 😍
So happy that you are back ❤️❤️❤️ Ralph is so adorable 😍😍😍
He is the sweetest little bunny. 🌼🌸
Welcome back! Ralph is divine, congratulations Anna & Mark <3
Hooray! Welcome back Anna! Can’t wait to see your new content. Ralph us LUSH! I would keep him all to myself too, if I were you! Xxx
Congrats to you both. Baby Ralph is delicious
So happy that you are back! ❤️ I'm sure that everyone understands that you won't be sharing much of Ralph. Even if you put up a video and afterwards feel like you've shared too much and decide to take it down, that's totally fine. It must be so difficult to decide how much you want to share. Wishing your little family all the best! 💞
So pleased to have you back, and just before Christmas!! But also so support your decision to keep work seperate from Ralph/home life. Congratulations, what a beautiful boy xx
So delighted for you! Welcome back! I've been watching you since my eldest was a baby (he's 6 now!) I completely respect your decision to have those boundaries between your job and baby/mum life - it sounds really understandable and you absolutely have the right to take the path that feels right for you and your family. Enjoy motherhood, AND enjoy getting back to your professional self too!! xx
Yay you’re back!! Ralph is absolutely gorgeous and looks so like Mark 🥰 Very excited for more videos 🙌🙌
Congratulations on the birth of your son Ralph he is adorable! Glad to have you back online your videos are my Sunday morning ritual with my coffee before leaving for church services.
Ralph Newton is just the most perfect name for you guys ♥️
Congratulations! You guys seem so happy and in love ❤️ You handled this video with such grace, it must be a tricky topic to talk about when it’s such a scary time as a parent trying to protect your baby but you are already doing so brilliantly!
I’m so not a kids person but even I have to admit Ralph is pretty darn cute! So happy to have you back on the internet, you’re one of my favs so I’m looking forward to all the new content you’re gonna bring us🥳
My little boy is 2 and also called Ralph.  My husband also said randomly “what about Ralph” and I fell in love with it too.  I call him Ralph, ralphie, ralphie boe.   Congratulations he’s beautiful 😍
HE IS GEORGEOUS ❤️
I'm so happy you're back!! I've missed you SO MUCH ♥♥
Huge congrats to you and Mark, Ralph is so precious! 💕 so glad to have you back! Don’t worry, totally get it about not wanting to share him online, I would do the same in your shoes. Like you said, he hasn’t consented to being on the internet. Also I find it quite comforting that you are so chill about your labour, I do have a feeling of dread for whenever I have to do it 😅
Welcome back Anna! And Ralph is adorable :)
Welcome back! He's the cutest x
Dear Anna&Mark and little Ralph 💙  I’m so happy to see you again!  and although I don’t have a child I totally agree on your choice to have some privacy about your pregnancy, it’s your life and you decide!  Lots of love from Italy!  Benvenuto Ralph!
Welcome back Anna! And congratulations to you both 💕 Ralph is Adorable!! 😊 such a treat to see him 🤗 it was only yesterday that i was wondering when you’re next vlog would be x This was so thoughtful, and I appreciate you more than ever ✨💕
So happy to see you back Anna. Such a adorable cute family. Congratulations and enjoy the beautiful time together. I'm so happy for you! Your video put a big smile of joy on my face ❤️ Thank you for the update 😘
Oh my god blessing for your new baby! Ralph is so freaking adorable! I wish nothing but blessings and prosperity on you and your family and just all three of you individually Anna! You are like my internet big sis! So proud of you and mark for fully living your best lives and thriving with your beautiful baby boy💚💚💚 arohanui from Aotearoa/ new zealand!
Can’t wait for all the baby content ! Pregnant lady here looking forward to it . X
He's gorgeous. I'm obsessed with him 😂 glad you're back and totally understand keeping him separate 😘 although wouldn't be mad about the occasional baby photo to get my cuteness fix 🤪
Eeee, v happy you’re back! Congratulations, he’s so adorable and you’re glowing!
So glad you’re back Anna, you have been missed! Ralph is beautiful and you look so happy 🥰 I can completely relate to everything you said about the first few weeks and months with a newborn, it’s so true that nothing can really prepare you! Also, I have massive respect for your decision to keep Ralph and Mum life offline if sharing is not the right thing for you
Such a sweet video and such a cute baby congratulations
Welcome back Anna! We missed you! Ralph is absolutely gorgeous. He looks just like mark. Ty for sharing him with us. Not sharing a lot is entirely up to you and your fans will respect that. As a mother myself I understand. Welcome to motherhood. It's a ride!!! Xx sending love
Welcome back! You’ve been missed 🧡🧡
Oh, he's so beautiful 🥰🥰🥰🥰🥰
WHAT A PRECIOUS BEBE
I've missed you so much! Happy to see you so happy. Ralph is the perfect mix of you two 💕
Welcome back and your son is gorgeous 😀
Welcome back my favourite Youtuber! 🥰❤️❤️❤️ Baby Ralph is adorable !! 🥰
I've been waiting for this video. Welcome back and massive congratulations ❤️❤️❤️
🙏🏻💕💕
Ralph is absolutely precious! So glad to see that you and Mark are doing well and are back on YouTube 💕
Anna I totally respect your decision to keep family life offline. I have 2 little boys & have experienced people having a lot to say about being a mother! Ironically an integral part of mother & baby’s happiness is having the confidence to find your own way. Your confidence & contentment in this can be massively skewed by people’s ‘opnions’. Huge congratulations to you & Mark, Ralph is absolutely adorable & so lovely to have you back! ❤️
🥰 welcome back!
Omg Ralph is so, so precious! Those cheeks are so scrumptious. Congrats to you and Mark! Welcome back ❤️❤️
Wellcome back!🎉🎉 You were missed!
Happy to see you back. Ralph is so gorgeous💙😍.  Congratulations to you and Mark xx
So nice to see you again! Honestly I think you approach the topic of sharing and working perfectly. Really looking forward to your upcoming content xxx
Welcome back Anna its good to see you, and new baby ralph  what a sweetheart he is, and your looking so very well too xx
Omg omg he’s soooooo cute!!
Just here after watching Lily’s goodbye and hearing you are back. Welcome, happy to see you. I am an sparse commentatator (because english is not my first language) but wanted to say I respect your decision about privacy and content you make. We came here (and stayed) because of you and your content,  your child is your private life and everybody should respect your line of privacy. So, looking forward to your Anna content, even though Ralph is super cute 🧡🧡 😊
Welcome Back and congratulations! Baby Ralph is perfection!!
I really respect your decision to keep Ralph offline. Like you said, he did not ask to be on social media. Welcome back!
Many blessings to Ralph, Anna and Mark! Much love!
I am so excited about this ❤️ Anna is back and Lily goes off. I mean, some life-changing stuff are happening, and I feel so honored to get to see even just a little bit. Thank you for sharing Anna! Also, i feel like the topic of kids privacy (how much parents share online) should be talked about and discussed more (with indoor voices that is). It really is a difficult topic and I applaud you for setting that boundary 👏🏼
So happy you’re back Anna :))
He is absolutely adorable and when he's older, he'll be grateful for not being shared on the internet before he had a say in it ❤️
I'm so so excited you're back, you have definitely been missed! Sending you and your cutest baby all the best wishes :)
Yay you’re back!!! So happy! ❤️ congratulations on lovely Ralph! I’m in bed with covid and this has cheered me right up. Also, thanks so much for giving timestamps etc for any baby content for those of us who aren’t into it for whatever reason. Totally respect your decision to keep your content relatively Ralph-free too. Look after yourself and your little family x
Does Ralph have a middle name?
Congratulations on the safe delivery of little Ralph! Looking forward to seeing more house reno stuff,beauty content and daily life chat, you have been missed x
one word: yeeeeeeeaaaaaaaa!!!  (ps ralph is the CUTEST! <3)
Welcome back and a massive hug and high five to you and Mark. There ain't no hood like parenthood x
My younger brother is called Ralph
Welcome back Anna! You seem so so happy. Ralph is gorgeous and so lucky to call you and Mark his parents!  I watch a LOT of YouTube but there’s just no stranger on the internet that makes me smile like you do, you are such a ray of sunshine. Thank you for sharing all that you do with us ❤️
Whilst baby content is always a joy, honestly I respect you so much for being vulnerable and putting your boundaries in place. We are all here because we loved your content pre baby so most of us won't expect content any different. So much love
Oh, baby. Baby, baby, baby! He's beautiful! So nice to see you again. 🙂❤
Ralph is fabulous!  I’m so happy you’re back!!🥰🥰🥰
So happy that you're back! I've missed your videos so much :) Baby Ralph is the cutest!!! I already want to buy every jumper you're showing haha xxx
So glad that you are back Anna! You look great and I am so happy to hear that you are all doing well. I have a 6 month old and I feel you when it comes to sharing etc. Can’t wait for more videos and posts x
juhuuu you are back. Such acutie. Looking forward to next weeks video!
Oh Anna he is just a dream. Congratulations to you and Mark. So beyond happy to see you guys back in your little corner of the internet.  Currently 21 weeks pregnant and have had a particularly rough time of it so far - your message to new mums and mums to be made me sob. Really needed to hear that today, so thank you 💚
So happy you're back, you've been missed! Ralph is adorable ❤️ Huge congrats to you both!
Brilliant I think you do you very well 👌 thank you for sharing little Ralph with us at the beginning. I’d love to see so much of  him  i mean who doesn’t love a adorable baby  but your absolutely doing the right thing I think Lily has it weighed off perfectly  👏 .congratulation guys and welcome back xx
I’m so excited that you’re back! Congratulations for you son, he is the cutest thing! 😍 I totally understand you’re choice in terms of keeping motherhood private, because in the end of day that’s not where your job is focused on. And that’s why I enjoy following you so much, because you’re so honest and you know how to separate work from your personal life.  Have a great week and welcome back ❤️😍❤️😍❤️
a warm welcome back to you, momma. missed you! congrats to you and Mark!
OMG he is just the most beautiful baby, Xxx
Omg he’s just adorable 🥰
so nice to see you! wishing you all the best and congratulations to you and Mark for your cute little boy! 😊
SENDING YOUR CREW SO MUCH ❤️🤗❤️🤗
Welcome back, I’ve missed you. 💕 And Ralph is super cute❣️
Ohhhh We missed you Anna!!
The cutest name for your little baby boy. I am so happy to have my Sunday morning ritual back with your videos. Looking forward to the amazing content ahead, Anna 😊
❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
So good to see You! You look amazing. 🥰 Hair game is strong and that jumper is so flattering.  Ralph is sooo cute.  And, Anna, You do You! No matter what content You decide to share with the rest of the world, it is Your choice. Just glad to see You back!
Welcome back 😍 We’ve missed you ❤️
Oh my he is gorgeous! Congratulations xxx
Hi Anna. Congratulations to all three of you. Ralph is such a cute baby. I've had a son three weeks ago. So of course I had tears in my eyes almost the whole video. 😅
Anna I’m so happy for you! Ralph is absolutely gorgeous ❤️ honestly sitting here trying not to cry over my breakfast
Welcome Back! 💛
Ralph is gorgeous! So happy to see you back and I hope you are all well xxx
You are literally the best! So glad to see you back and excited for the content ahead! ❤️❤️
Aww bless he's so lovely congrats to you both xxxx
Congratulations to you both! He’s just perfect!! ❤️ And yay you’re back, we missed you 🥰
Oh welcome back and so very happy to meet little baby Ralph.  He is so beautiful and it’s so lovely to finally meet him.  Motherhood does really suit you.  So happy for you and Mark xx 💙
Congratulation 🤗🤗🤗❤️❤️❤️❤️
What a cutie pie Ralph is and such a cute name!! Glad to have you back Anna xx
Over the moon to see you back and to meet little Ralph. Just wonderful. How is Marks first born (the veg patch) coming along? 🤣
Congratulations welcome back!! Made me laugh that your slightly rocking on the chair throughout the video. I remember the early days where you're constantly swaying even with no baby!! Good luck x
Little Ralph is adorable 🥰 I love his name. It’s my late father in law’s name and if we had another baby I would love a Ralph! 😊
I gasped when I saw this in my subscription! So unexpected but soooo welcomed, missed you Anna and its lovely to have you back, excited for your content and this new chapter of your life big lovesss ❤
Huge congratulations to you both  Little Ralph is adorable  Penny xxx
Congratulations! So happy to see you back :) x
I'm so happy you're back Anna you were definitely missed!!! Ralph is beautiful 😍 Love that you're back in time for Christmas 🎄
Ralphie is gorgeous! Congratulations and welcome back to YOU - enjoy the work mum juggle x
Congratulations Anna I’m so happy for you guys your little baby is so cute ❤️❤️😍
Welcome Back !!!!! Ralph is such a cutie and oh lord the cheeks 🥰🥰🥰 completely get where you are coming from about sharing the mom journey and I’m sure that most of the following will completely understand it.  Love having you back ! Say hi to Mark and we love having him back as well 😊
So excited so see you back and absolutely radiant with love! Couldn‘t help but smile all the way through the video 💕
Welcome back! You do you! Enjoy!❤️
Congratulations Anna, Ralph is a cutie and he looks so much like you. Take care and we will always be here!
Yay!!! Ralph is so gorgeous ❤️ so happy your back xx
Congrats on your new little family ! hope you're doing great 🥰
He’s bloody gorgeous!!! You make em cute!!!
He is the cutest baby I have ever seen 😍 congratulations!!
Ralph is beyond gorgeous ❤️welcome back Anna xxx
Congratulations again and welcome back. Ralph is gorgeous thanks for sharing ❤️
Such a beautiful boy 🥰 congratulations to you both !!!! Xxx
So happy to have you back! Even my husband peeked at what I was watching and recognized you haha as he hadn't seen me watching your vids in a while. Congratulations to you and Mark! Super excited for all the new stuff.
Omggggg Ralph is so beautiful! Congratulation Anna and Mark! What a beautiful family! ❤️❤️❤️ I’m so happy you are back!
So happy you’re back ❤️ And Ralph is absolutely the cutest baby, tha face!!
Oh my word, he is so scrumptious 🥰 Totally understand the need and desire to protect him from social media and also have something separate for yourself. Keeping your own identity outside wife and mother is so important x
So lovely to have you back.  Ralph is adorable and you should share as much or as little you feel is right for you. He is so cute!  Well done for even being able to make this video. I don’t think I looked so together only a few months in.
He is so beautiful😍😍😍😍 congrats
Anna, it's great to have you back! And with such cute little addition to your family <3
Many congratulations and welcome back. You have a beautiful son. I completely agree with you about the separating home and work life. This is a very vulnerable time for you and you should totally prioritise protecting you and your family. We live in a world now where everyone’s life is more accessible which seems to invite unwanted opinions, criticism and negativity and the last thing anyone needs (let alone a new mum), is that type of attention. So enjoy your escapism, enjoy your private life and we get to enjoy you being back online. X
My husband came up with Ralph for our youngest! Exactly the same reaction from me too! 😂 love the name, obviously very biased. Your little man is such a cutie 🥰 and yes nothing prepares you really does it, but looks like you’re doing a great job 🌟
Yay welcome back !!
So glad to have you back!! Love that you’re creating these boundaries for yourself 🥰🥰
Congratulations!! Ralph is sooo cute! :) I´m very happy to see you back :))
Oh I feel the “scape” I enjoy my work (I’m currently pregnant) and my job it’s going to be my space, my break, my separation. I totally get it!
ohhh! he is so adorable, big congrats!
Welcome back Anna!!!🙂
What a cutie! Welcome back….sooo exciting
YAY!!!!! Absolutely wonderful surprise to see a video from you this morning. Ralph is just absolutely adorable. I'm soooo broody right now. So lovely to see you back xxxxx
Congratulations to you both. Ralph is darling. Enjoy every moment 💜💜💜
Congratulations, and welcome back!
Congratulations Anna & Mark. Your little wonder looks so happy & healthy! I'm excited that you're back 🤍
Yeaaah love the timing with Lily's video ! Happy to see you happy ! Welcome back :) (he's so cute)
I think you are very wise Anna to keep your family and work separate online. Good for you, total respect ❤️ he’s absolutely adorable, so happy for you both x
My god he is beautiful!!!! ♥️♥️♥️ congratulations! So happy to have you back! Xxxxx
Immediately switched to this from the video I was watching when I saw it had gone up, yay!
Congratulations
So so excited to have the internet you back in my life!! You’ve done such an amazing job as a new mum, Ralph is just the cutest!!!! Can’t wait for my next cuddle xxx
Welcome back! He is the spitting image of Mark - what a cutie.
This is so funny ! Yesterday I was thinking about you : how is she and so on ? And today I see your last video is online !  I follow you from France and love your YouTube channel. Congratulations and lots of love to you and your family ☺️
I just absolutely love how you've approached talking about all of this! It's refreshing to hear your honesty on your experience of birth and the first few weeks and months of being a new parent. And I also really respect you not wanting to share absolutely all of you and your new gorgeous family with everyone all the time! We love you and respect your choices and look forward to anything you choose to share with us 💗💗💗 Glad you're all doing well and enjoying being your new family of 3 x x
I usually never comment on videos but I just wanted to say how happy I am that you are back and to wish you, Mark and Ralph all the best ❤ I missed you and it's so good to see you again! I'm very excited and happy for you x
It is so lovely to have you back online<3. I've really missed your beauty content. And of course, Ralph is beautiful, congratulations to you and Mark. Love//Mathilda
Oh Anna, he is so lovely. Happy to see you. Wish you all the best
Congratulations to you both and totally respect ur decision to protect Ralph. Thanks for the glimpse though, he's lovely 🎊
Congratulation, he is such an angel!
Aw he is just gorgeous Anna, congratulations! So exciting to have you back x
Anna Ralph is just gorgeous.so cute.🥰
What a precious little one! So happy for you all ❤️❤️
Welcome back Anna! Ralph is just gorgeous congratulations to you both x
Welcome back. Super lovely to have you back. Ralph is scrumptious!!!! Biggest Congrats gorge xxx
Welcome back Anna!!! How funny that your first video back goes live the same day lily posted her last for a while 🤣
Welcome back! He’s gorgeous and I’m happy you get to cherish these moments privately. So glad you’re back and selfishly hoping for a garden update from yourself and Mark 😂💜
So lovely to have you back, gorgeous  video! Hes such a beautiful boy, congratulations 🎊 😘
Congratulation, Ralph is so cute. I have missed your content. There is being private, personal and then there is professional. Your private life is not for us and if Ralph fits in that category, cool. Your personal and professional journey is so lovely to follow, and that is more than enough for me. 💗
So happy you’re back!! He’s beautiful❤️❤️
It’s so lovely to have you back! Congratulations on your beautiful little boy! ❤️🎉
It’s a natural instinct to want to protect yourself and your child from the criticism of others. You look amazing and sweet Ralph looks so sweet ❤️
I completely understand your choices with sharing your son 🥰 So lovely to see you back and looking forward to your future content xxx
He looks so cute! Congrats you two! x
Welcome back!! Congratulations both on Ralph. He is so so gorgeous ❤️❤️
Welcome back Anna! I have been rewatching some of my favourite videos of yours in preparation for today. Ralph is gorgeous; congratulations to you and Mark!
He's so gorgeous!!! So lovely to have you back. Of course do what is best for you. ❤️
So happy you are back! The two of you sound absolutely buzzing about being a parent. 😍 Your approach on not sharing a lot of baby Ralph and motherhood makes a lot of sense and I can totally understand it!
Ralph is gorgeous xx Quite right for you doing you. Self-care is the most important thing esp when you have a new family ❤️
Welcome back Anna, lovely to see you! Congratulations to you & Mark, Ralph is completely adorable ☺️x
he’s perfect. ❤️
So gorgeous xxx
beautiful baby!
Ralph is ADORABLE! Just had my son Rex 3 days ago and relating to everything, just so happy for you guys and so excited for you to be back! 💖💖💖
Congratulations !! You are a beautiful family now!!! So happy  you're back!!!!!! We want to see moreeeee pleaseee.
Anna is back!!! Ralph Newton is amazing! Such a good day for all of us here on yt!!!
Congratulations on you new baby! And welcome back!!
I think with the sharing from someone like you, is that people who have been with you from the start, and perhaps they might be in the same position as you, is that you feel like you have been seen. You don’t feel alone and that all the feelings you feel are normal.
Omg Ralph is super cute! 🐥💛 And you look so happy Anna - Congratulations to you and Mark! So glad you're back 😊
Congratulations, so happy to have you back 🥰
Ralph is gorgeous. You are gorgeous. Wow. Congratulations amazing Mama!! X
Congratulations. Ralph is beautiful. Xx
First 25 seconds and I’m grinning so hard!!!!! So happy you are back and Ralph is wonderful xxx
Congratulations! Glad you're back!
Congratulations Anna and Mark! Welcome back 😀💕
Liked the video before I'd even started watching! So glad you're back (was waiting after watching Lily's goodbye vlog!). Ralph is perfection!!
Welcome back!! 🥰 Ralph is so so cute!! Congrats both! Xx
Welkome back! Oh my God he is adorable 😍. You’ve been missed dear Anna & Mark
Great to have you back! Congratulations! Ralph is just the cutest! Xx
I’m so happy to see you back, you look incredible 🥺  Ralph is beyond gorgeous!  I’m now 4 months PP and those first 4-odd weeks after the birth are just a blur. A wonderful, sleepy, cuddly blur 😅   You and Mark look completely besotted, Ralph is super lucky 🥰 xxx
Uhhhhh I’m melting 😭😭😍❤️❤️❤️🤩🧸
Welcome back 😍
Congrats guys! He's SO CUTE!😍😍😍
Your baby is so beautiful 😍  God bless you all 😚
Welcome back!!! Such a gorgeous little boy and such a cute name!! 😍😭
So excited you're back and feel very excited that you shared footage of his cute little face with us all. What amazing cheeks!!! So glad to hear that you're loving being a mum :)
Yay! It feels like forever. Congrats to your family Anna.
He’s gorgeous! Looks like he’s Dadda I think? Congratulations ❤️  I hope you don’t mind me saying, but in the sit down bit of the video the sound is really muffled? Xxx
Oh Anna! Wow ❤️ Welcome to the world little mister Ralph
omg he is soooo adorable!!!! <3 wish you all the best!!! <3
Jean-Ralphio 😍 congratulations, love seeing you this happy 💕
Hello ☺️   my goodness beautiful baby Ralph 👶🧸  (I'm not having another baby...see a baby...instantly starts re considering it! 🤣)  Enjoy all of the snuggles there's nothing like it 🤗
WELCOME BACK ❤️❤️❤️ I’ve never clicked so fast omg
Welcome back ❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️❤️
The cutest baby in a long time ... congratulations!
So happy for you. Congratulations!  What a beautiful baby boy!  Love from the USA!
It is SO moving !!!! I have no words ! Welcome back Anna <3
I was watching your old vlogs and this just appeared. So glad you're back!! He's the cutest <3
So happy you're back and we get to officially  meet that little bundle of cuteness! <3
Welcome Back!! Your little boy Ralph is sooooo gorgeous 😍 loved this video so much 😍  Totally get your stance of sharing Ralph, and family time - I hope we get some sprinkles of mentions! Looking forward to all that's to come! 🥳🎉
He is gorgeous 😍
Never clicked so fast on a video. Glad you're back Anna, Ralph is adorable!
Congrats!!! Welcome back:)
I'm so happy you are back! I have missed your videos🥰😇😅
Never clicked on a video so fast
Annnnnnnnaaaaaaaaaaaaaa Welcome Back Congrats 🎉
Oh gosh he’s adorable Anna! Welcome back you’ve truly been missed ❤️
Happy that you are back on track🥳🥳🥳🥳 and lovely to see your son 🤗🤗
My heart can't take the cuteness..,. So adorable
HE'S DELICIOUS!! THOSE CHEEKS! WELCOME BACK!
Welcome back!!!!
Oh my gosh!!!! Little Ralph is lovely 😍❤️😍❤️😍
Literally stopped everything for this video… now let’s watch
Welcome back 🥰
Gosh he is so cute! Welcome back <3
Oh my goodness, he's so cute! 🥰
I’ve never clicked so fast in my life! Congratulations on your beautiful baby boy ❤️
So happy!!!!!
He is so beautiful! Congratulations! You guys look like a lovely family. Wishing you a wonderful welcome back at work. We missed you!
WELCOME BACK ❤️❤️❤️ he is so perfect 🥺
Welcome back
Congratulations 🥰🥰😍😍🤩🤩 and yeaiiii you’re back!
im so happy you're back! massive congratulations to you and mark
